5	As any "normal" pet owner, I feel like the worst mother in the world when I have to drop my dog off at a doggy hotel. Having no other choice one weekend, I did all sorts of research looking for the best place I could find. After a lot of research and many phone calls and emails I decided to go with Just Like Home Doggie Hotel and Grooming. The response to my emails was always within hours, but typically 30 minutes at most. When I picked her up her tail was actually wagging instead of tucked under. I was able to leave her favorite blanket with her so she had the smell of home and she wasn't stuck in a crate all day. It was the holiday season when I had to drop her off and they even had a family room set-up with a Christmas tree in the room. It couldn't have appeared more like home. I wish there were more doggie hotel owners that cared about their clients the way that they do at this place. I will most definitely be back if I ever need to. Two tail wags!!! :)
5	Let me start by saying I came here using a Groupon Coupon. That being said, after using the boarding and grooming, I would pay the full price! When we usually visit Las Vegas we have to find a hotel that takes dogs and not a "Motel 6". We usually stay at the Rio because they have "Doggie" rooms. About $35 more than a regular room. Finding the Groupon coupon we thought this time we'd do something different. Made reservations and emailed shot record in. We arrived, found the facility very clean and with a good light vibe. They have around 10 web-cams on site so you can see your dog sleeping on one of the sofas or playing in the kiddie pool from your computer or smartphone. When we picked up our dog he was nicely groomed (and his breath didn't stink !) He was VERY tired though from hanging out with all the dogs. Slept all the way home to Ventura, CA. and slept in the next day too.We will be back
5	I can't say enough good things about them!!! Kind, generous, and down to earth staff.  Outstanding customer service! Flexible to me and my pet's needs. Spectacular rates!  Four Paw Service!!
5	First of all, I would like to Thank to Pam, Tracey, Bill, all the staffs, & Sissy(their dog+Bawoo's play mate) @ Just Like Home who have been very helpful and giving their love to my dog, Bawoo! I think It is time for me to write a pleasant review about this nice doggy day care/boarding place that we've been experienced since early this year :P How would you feel if every single day you get a note on your door saying, "Your dog has been barking for over 2 hrs! Very Annoying dog! Animal Control & Police Dept. have been called! Do something about it, LAST Warning!!!" I was getting some notes right after I moved in. So, I became very worried & had a big concern about leaving my dog alone while I was at work. When I moved in to a new place, suddenly my dog, Bawoo, he started to bark nonstop. I never knew that he felt so insecure staying home by himself.. I totally understand that all the pets require some time to adjust with their new environment. I love my dog no matter what but I am always willing to correct any problem that my poor dog causes to the new neighbors. I have tried many different things to help my be loving pup to be safe & happy: long hours of walk, more play time for enough exercise, 3 days of doggy park visits a week, debarking collar on him, retraining him for good behavior, & so on. Even though we put our effort together, He won't stop barking according to my next door neighbor and which was causing a lot of trouble. I was very frustrated and stressed out about it :( :( I had to come up with other solutions asap.... Meanwhile, I was looking for a good doggy day care place that Bawoo would feel safe and comfortable,, like some facilities that they don't put Bawoo in a cage for a long period of time. I had several experiences @other places in the past that Bawoo couldn't control his bowel movement or was having a diarrhea for several days after returning home from the facilities. I finally found *Just Like Home's website. Instead of reading all the descriptions on their homepage, I decided to check out the place by myself before putting my dog into the place that I have no knowledge of... They provide some great amenities... 1. in the backyard-Dogs can play in various outdoor areas: there is a big synthetic turf lawn area that the dogs can feel free to play one another(compliment them in terms of size, temperament, energy level, and age) For example, Bawoo is 6-years-old, still has a high energy level so that the dog sitter plays with him more often or they don't mind if Bawoo follows them around due to him showing a separation anxiety. 2. There is a little playground area with a slide which my dog enjoys to ride the most :) 3. They recently built a large cooling dog house(with A/C) that dogs can go in and out whenever they want to. 4. All the rooms are decorated as a nice living room or a family room with comfy couches, tables, lamps, & TV so that the dogs would feel more relaxed and comfortable while they are on board(Large dogs' room/ small dogs' room). 5. There's always someone staying with the dogs at night and watch them. 6. The grooming service is available with very reasonable prices 7. They have a web cam system available. Ex. I could watch my dog whenever I'm on my computer while I was gone overseas). 8. The hours are 7am-7pm on Mon-Sun. 9. They try to keep the place clean and nice. 10. you can find a great deal on GROUPON.com(for Groomings & Overnight stay) 11. Especially, Pam & Tracey, they've been very helpful giving me some tips and advises how to take care Bawoo at home. They really take great care of dogs :) I've been purchased the package(30 days of day care & 30 days of overnight stay) with a great prepaid discount! Maybe, some people might think I am doing too much for my dog but without Just Like Home, I must gone crazy at that time.. Oh well, now I can smile and be happy about the outcome because we both are doing a lot better. And also it might be a good idea that let the dog play with other dogs once in a while at day care. As a result, dogs become more socialized with other dogs and people, I think. I'm really happy to find this place and I already recommend to several Yelp friends, Anthony M(Kuma), Jade W(Jezzy) & Sylvia Q(Dolce). I hope they have a great experience as well. Now days, Bawoo seems like he is comfortable with our new place that we're living in.... He is doing a lot better than before because he spends his day exercising outside, he eats and sleeps better at home. Just Like Home... You are my savior :D
2	I went in for a groom for my dog.  I had a weird feeling when I walked in but continued anyway.  While I was talking to the groomer I told her my husband wanted a Mohawk but I wasn't too fond of that style, I just didn't want my dogs hair too short.  One of the other ladies sitting at the desk said "As long as he doesn't come and shoot the place up"  I was confused as to how that comment came about but ignored it.  They said it would take about 2 hours, 4 hours later I decided to call and check up on my dog, she said he would be done in 15 minutes.  When I got there he looked great at first site and I was happy.  When I got home and checked him over I noticed they didn't blend the top part of his head and it was roughly cut.  I also noticed 6 cuts under his neck from the clippers.  I won't be taking my dog back.I felt uncomfortable from the beginning, now I know why.
5	Found Just Like Home through Groupon and had been looking for a new facility to take my psychotic (but loveable) 4-legged member of my family to play and burn energy. I am pretty much home bound and puppies need interaction and socialization. This place is AWESOME! They have all sorts of different areas with themes for the critters to romp and play or sit and chill. The staff really seem to enjoy being there and the clinic was spotless and smelled wonderful. I wish my home was like this! So much better than just being in on or two areas. Granted my pooch would have fun just going from the driveway to the mailbox. The prices are very reasonable and I really like the fact that I can check in on him via web cam. That is a nice touch. Agana great set up and I know my little Mo can't wait to go back and make some more friend.
4	I was really worried about going on any vacation without the dogs and didn't think it was possible! I didn't want to burden family and friends. Also, I'm "that person"- that stresses what my dogs eat  and most of our friends "free feed" commercial crap or have stuff out that may be an issue with our dogs (like kids leaving cheetos out, kids toys, pens, stuffed toys, etc) and they not realize it until it's torn to bits.On the other hand, I am really apprehensive about leaving them to some strangers. Everyone has that nightmare thought of what if a place will neglect them and just care about the money?  After so much hub bub of researching and asking around, I decided to pop in with my dogs to see how they would react to the people and the place. They seemed fine so we booked out trip. They give you a webcam address that you can access on your computer or there is a phone app to access their feed. Mind you the cameras are still and do not show the whole room so sometimes your dog may be on the fringes like mine were. Unfortunately those two were mostly on the fringes so I had to check often to even see where they are and would get a few moments of seeing them run onto screen and run back out of range. Still nice to see them and general monitor the facility. I saw people come in and sit on the couches and pet all the dogs so it was nice to see they were friendly to the dogs and the dogs were happy to see them whenever they were there. They seem okay when we got them, but passed out as soon as we got home. Figured, even though they slept and all there it wasn't the relaxed sleep they get being next to me. I had a groupon to use with a bath and brush grooming so I asked if I can have their nails trimmed too while they get groomed. Theirs was very long and I get nervous about trying to cut my girl down short with her black nails. They didn't take much off, just the tips so it didn't feel like it was worth $8 each when at the vets they cut it down to be short.  I got their food bags back and only half their food has been used. Remember how I said I was really freakish about their food diet? Well, I measured out portions for all the days plus one extra days worth incase. They put it in a bag so I didn't see until I got home or I might have asked about it. I don't know if they weren't eating because they're nervous or that 1 cup meals was misunderstood between both and not each since I just made a big bag with both their names on it and measurement directions. When we picked them up, all the feedback we got from the lady was they "did great and were fine". If they weren't eating then I don't think so and I should have been told as it can be useful to know in case I board them again. More details than that would have been nice since I've never boarded them there, never left them with anyone EVER. I think overall this place is decent though. I like that the camera feed is given and the access is 24/7 (some shut it after the place closes for the night). The price is just right and great value for multiples. Many places only charge PER DOG and here there are multiple dog prices. I boarded two for $45 (average in other places is $30-$40 per dog). My dogs seem to not be unhappy being there and approached staff on camera so they had to be treated well. One of my dogs is skittish and if she was not treated well by someone, she will usually space herself from that person. I will be using them again for boarding as I at least feel comfortable knowing that my dogs are okay with this place and the staff.
5	My wife and I are so happy we found this place. We went to Vegas this past weekend and needed a place for our dogs to stay. They were so accommodating and the prices were very reasonable. We arrived later than we expected, but we still got to meet and talk with Pam (the owner) as we dropped "our boys" off. One of the things we really liked was the fact that they have surveillance cameras throughout the facility in the different rooms. Over the weekend, we had a sense of security being able to check in on the boys and we were both glued to our iPhones watching the security cameras. They seem to take really good care of all the dogs and treat them as if they were their own. sometimes we caught the employees hanging out with the dogs on a couch, or playing with them outside. We are very grateful to the staff at Just Like Home and we will definitely be bringing our boys back.  THANK YOU!!!
5	No long winded review here.  This place is great!!  We have been going here for years.  The care my dogs have received has been second to none.  When my dog, Hurley, had a severe allergic reaction, they took him to the vet and were in constant contact with us while we were in NY.  I can't say enough about the people that work there.  They are all excellent!!  There are so many different areas for the dogs to play and you can even watch them on the internet.  My dog sleeps for days after we pick him up because he plays non-stop while he is there.
5	I took both my babies in for bathes and trims.  I was very impressed by Kellys professionalism and her genuine love and compassion for my max and boney.  Kelly made sure that max and bony had water during their stay and she completed all my requests in a timely manner.  The place is awesome.
5	Staff was so friendly and they did a great job shaving down my girls. I'm going out of town soon and I think I'll board my dogs here too
5	We have two Yorkies.  One is only 2.5 lbs and the other is 7.5 lbs.  With such a tiny dog, Just Like Home took special care that she didn't escape or was overwhelmed.We loved watching the web cam while we were away.
5	I COMPLETELY disagree with Tina. Kelly groomed my flame point himalayan cat (yes they also do cats) for the first time and did the BEST job!!! I asked for a "lion cut with uggs" yes I said uggs and I am SUPER picky. I will definitely recommend her and the facility to people bkz they unlike petsmart seem to truly care about your pet!:-)
5	This is the best dog boarding business my wife and I have ever used. Most places put your dog in a cage. J.L.H. uses a re-zoned house whose rooms have couches, chairs and a tv (just like home).The real value here is that the dogs all get to run around together and are never caged. Our 100lb Dane-mix doesn't do well at dog parks. A trainer even told us "yours is not a dog park dog, so don't take him anymore". He growled when dogs surround him to smell and generally did not play well with others. We left him here at JLH and he became much better around other dogs because he had to. He became socialized. Also there are cameras. You can log with your iPad and see your dog interacting with other dogs which is comforting when you are out of the country or state. You can also observe how the staff treats your dog when you are not there. They have nothing to hide. We found the staff is wonderful and spend a lot of time with the dogs, petting and playing with them.  Prices are very competitive. The area of town is a bit seedy, but so what. They are trying to buy the house next door to do the same for cats. Good luck to them.
1	Disorganized. Inconsistent.I bought two Groupons: grooming and boarding.I took my malti-poo in for grooming. I was on a strict schedule so I called in to make an appointment. I was told the grooming would take an hour, two hours, ... two hours and half max. I went ahead and scheduled the appointment assuming it would take 2.5hours. Since I live on the other side of town I figured I'd run some errands and shop around Boca Park while I wait. I came back after 2.5 hours, and my dog had been washed and was waiting for everything else. They said she'll be done in 30 minutes so I waited inside. An hour later, my dog came out, and I couldn't tell if she was washed or not. The sanitary trim was clean, her nails were trimmed, and she had two bows which were cute. Her paws were still dirty, tear stains weren't cleaned at all, and ears looked the same.The Groupon I purchased was the Furminator Grooming Package for $20, but obviously my 6month old puppy doesn't need de-shedding so I figured I can get the other services included in the package (bath, brush, nails trimmed, anal glands expressed, feet trimmed, and ears cleaned according to their website and as detailed on Groupon) minus the de-shedding (less work for the money I paid, who would argue?) but instead, I was told that I would have to pay for the full grooming value of $40.I brought her home without a fuss since I wasted a total of 4.5 hours (with driving time), and I was running very late in my schedule. My roommate saw her and just noticed the bows. She had no clue I had just spent 4.5 hours and $40 getting my dog groomed.However, the front lady and other workers seemed polite and courteous. They made general comments and mentioned that my dog is cute.I will not be returning and will not use my boarding Groupon.
5	You know how sometimes you have found "the place?"When it comes to dog boarding, we found it.I cannot say enough good about this dog hotel.  Our dog Anya is a bit timid and very attached to us.  It's hard to think of her being placed in a dog cage, or being alone all night.  This place is set up just like a house, with rooms containing couches, tvs, and lots of outdoor play space with kiddie pools.  The dogs have the run of the place.  They get plenty of exercise, and the staff plays with them.  We enjoyed going online and watching our dog playing with the other dogs on the webcam.  Not only was it reassuring but it was entertaining as well.I really liked the way the dogs are separated by size.  This way the little dogs play with the little dogs, and the big dogs play with the big dogs.  No need to worry about your small or medium sized dog being afraid of bigger dogs.Another plus is that there is always a responsible person on site at all times, even at night.  Some places lock the dogs up, shut off the lights, and leave for the night.  I really liked knowing that there were people there in case of an emergency.Anya didn't seem to eat as much while she was away as she does at home.  I was surprised at the amount of dog food they returned to us.  It could be that she was too busy playing with the other dogs to be very interested in eating!  We were not concerned because she was clearly happy and healthy when we picked her up.She was exhausted when we got her home, just like a little kid after a long day at Disneyland.  She slept for a whole day.  For Anya, her visit to Just Like Home was a doggie vacation.  She deserves it!We scheduled a grooming session for her at the end of her stay.  We were delighted with the job they did.The people who own and operate this establishment are genuinely nice people.  They were kind, friendly, relaxed and it's clear they love dogs.We will definitely bring Anya back whenever we need boarding or grooming services, and if they eventually bring in a vet, more than likely we'll try their veterinary services too.
5	If you're looking to get a show quality grooming, go find a pet salon that charges over $100 for a small dog groom. However, if you're a regular person like the rest of us, and just like a cute happy dog, take your pup to 'Just Like Home'. I simply stopped in for a nail trim. My guy specifically doesn't like his nails trimmed, and I usually take him to the vet where they have to "take him in the back" since he gets aggressive when it comes to his feet. I've even had other groomers tell me they couldn't finish clipping his nails. They were able to calm him down and get all his nails clipped nice and short, avoiding all quicks. They also finished grooming his paws and sanitary area, an area the other groomer missed, free of charge! For a small dog, a COMPLETE grooming is only $40. Yes, they will take a few hours to get your pup looking great, but they take their time and really care about the dogs. Since my boy is old and stubborn, they quoted me 4 hours, since he's the type that needs a break to keep him from getting anxious. Needless to say, I tipped the girls well, and will definitely be coming back whenever he needs a full grooming or a nail trim.
5	Our dog had always been a homebody but since we were lplanning a trip and could not take him we had to find a place he and my husband would be ok with.  His first visit was a little scary but after the "playground" greeting he got more relaxed and excited about playing with other dogs.  His behavior has gotten so good because he thinks if he is good he can go visiting so we have to take him at least once a week as a reward.  The prices are good enough that it doesn't kill the budget.Thanks All
5	Great place. My dogs love going to Just Like Home. I have peace of mind knowing my babies are always in great hands.
5	Checked Yelp first for a good, safe place to leave our two dogs while we were out of town for a week.  We then went down there with our dogs to check them out - and they are nice, professional and caring.  Plus, they have webcams so you can observe your dogs.  We were gone a week - and our dogs did great.  They came home tired and happy... and we had peace of mind.
5	Place is great. The location is kinda a pain in the butt, but its worth it for the service that they provide. My two labs were here for about 10 days so I needed a place where they would be happy and not try to hang themselves with a tug toy. Sidenote my dogs run the place, they sleep on the bed, nap on the couch and are never put in cages. That said, just like home was the perfect find. The webcams allowed me to watch them whenever I wanted, and see that they were always taken care of. The team truly cares about the dogs and you could tell, my dog recognizes the staff and actually gets excited. How often can you say that about a dog boarding place?  The only downside is that my two, inseparable, trail me everywhere dogs didn't look excited to see me. I imagine they would live there if they could. Don't hesitate to take your pets here, they're in good hands.
5	When we first moved to Vegas, my husband and I had a hard time looking for a good trusted place where my dog don't feel like going to a prison. We used to take him to a vet's office and all he had were 2 miserable walks a day from the cage to the tiny bathroom sized field to do his thing. We also have to pay extra if we want him to get extra walks. NOW we found JLH through groupon, life has been a lot better for all of us. This place is set up so your pets can jump on the couch if they want to (he can't do this at home) so it's a treat for him. He gets to walk around and hang out with other dogs and pees on a great dane if he feels like it. The staff can't stop giving him attention. We can see this thru their online web cam. The owners are professional and know how to take care of dogs. I told the owner that we used to take him to places where they don't allow dogs to play together for fear and insurance reasons. She told me that's because they don't know anything about dog behaviour. SHE WAS RIGHT! My dog used to be real tense at dog parks. Sometimes other dogs ran up to him and he would get really frustrated. He needs his space so he will growl at them. We took him to a dog trainer and he told us some dogs are just "not good dog park dogs". He also said his fees to get him to be a better dog park dog is $1200. We ran as fast as we can... After a month of boarding with JLH his behavior changed drastically. He no longer get tensed up and hid his tail behind his legs. He will go smell other dogs and we're no longer afraid of him growling at them and fights them. If dogs run up to him and tried to smell him and he does not like that dog, he will just stand calmly and let them smell him and then walk slowly away. This behavior change is incredibly. All for $25/day. We can't thank this place enough for what they had done for him.
5	We recently used a Groupon offer to Just Like Home Doggie Hotel while visiting our daughter in Las Vegas.  Our dog has been a kid in our family for 10 years now.  We've never left her, she's like I said...a member of our family!  I called other boarding places with a dead silience on the other end when they found we had a border collie.  Not at Just Like Home!  They welcomed our dog, loved her and we could tell they genuinely loved their jobs!  We were able to tune in via web cam to see that she was enjoying her stay and was well taken care of.  We will return again, knowing our dog loved her stay, she was in good hands, not a kennel, and she came home happy...exhausted from enjoying all the other dogs, but happy.  Thank you, Just Like Home!  I have a new peace of mind while traveling to the heat!
5	My dogs love this place! The staff is great and you can tell they really like what they do and really care for the dogs! I love the webcam access to the majority of play and sleep areas. I recommend just like home to my friends!
5	Great place to take your dogs!  Love the concept, but it's a bit out of the way if you're close to the strip.  We stayed in West LV, so it wasn't and issue.  I like the cool phone app so you can check on your dogs at anytime with the room cams.I f you're in the desert and need to house your pets, check this place out.
3	I was a little disappointed with this place. Since my bf and I (and pup) moved to Vegas recently we were looking for a new groomers. Went to this place because it was near our home. I looked a little rundown but animal based businesses can look that way pretty easily so we gave it a shot anyway. Our dog looked great at first glance but our vet told us (a day later) that her anal glands were not expressed, her ears didn't get cleaned out and she had a rock stuck inbetween one of her hind paws. They didn't even bother telling us about it. The vet was going to charge $75 to remove it but the vet tech who removed it said it was so easy to take out that she couldn't justify the charge. It's not the worst place we've been to but I wouldn't go back.
5	My little pug Frankie always stays here when we go on trips and I always know he is in good hands!I am a bit of an overprotective pet parent and I worry constantly about  my pets while I'm away, but I don't have to worry about Frankie because I can watch him on the webcams here and see how much fun he is having playing with the other doggies. I love that they have rooms filled with living room furniture set up for the dogs, so they can feel comfortable and like they are at home and not stuck in a cage/kennel (like they would be at the vet or some other boarding facilities).Frankie gets excited whenever we pull up in the car (although he is always a little less excited when he remembers that we don't get to stay there with him, hah).They offer boarding packages so you can buy a bunch of days at once and use them as-needed for a discounted rate, which is convenient for us (we travel a lot). And they do offer grooming; we've only ever had Frankie bathed there, but it's convenient to have him all freshened up after a week or two of romping around with other dogs. And the staff are really nice and friendly and they totally love their doggie customers. I'm glad we found a good place to take our puggy while we can't be there to watch him!
5	First of all I have nothing bad to say about any of the dog daycare facilities. I have been to several and they were all fine. However, most of them have minimal space for the dogs, not over a 1/2 acre where the dogs can just run to their hearts content and play, play, play.What makes Just Like Home stand out is what our "Rockie" does when he gets home. He just wants to be fed and then go to bed from being so tired.They have excelllent camera coverage so that any point in the day you can just look in your family pet and see what they're up to. Ever time I look in on him, he is with someone monitoing his activities with the other dogs as well as playing with them directly on many occassions.They have numerious rooms to seperate the dogs into smaller groups so when they're no able to be outside due to the weather or extrem temperatures. not to mention ever room is designed to be a home like as possible.The true test is that when I brought "rockie" to other locations, he went somewhat reluctant, but he went. At Just Like Home, I get get him into the place fast enough. He wants inso he can start his play day as quickly as possible.All the staff members I have met are very professional and out going to both the owners and the dogs.I can't recommend them enough. A great facility and awesome staff......
5	My Simon used to go to Pet's Mart for grooming until my daughter told me about Just Like Home.I was always complaining about how they never clipped his nails, or they didn't give him a sanitary cut when I asked, the list goes on.  I took Simon to JLH and they got it right the first time!!  Not only that, he looked soooo much better.The ppl. at JLH are so friendly, nice and have a great sense of humor.  You can truly see how much each staff member loves the animals that come through the door.While Simon has not had a "play day", it's nice to know it's available at a very low cost so he can exercise his ol' body when I don't want to.Kudos to everyone at JLH!  I hope to bring Simon back all the time for his grooming needs.Melinda
5	I can't say enough about how awesome this place is. My dogs LOVE it here! Everyone here goes above and beyond to make sure your pet is loved, played with and protected. My dogs being safe is priority numero uno and with all of the big dogs I was a little worried, but I shouldn't have because they keep all the dogs separated by size. They also have the cutest play areas for them. From sprinklers to swimming pools to slides and doggy houses, they have it all. Not only that, but you can watch your pets from wherever you are with their live stream video. I cannot tell you how awesome it is to see my dogs on camera and know they're safe and having a good time. It's worth every penny just for that alone!One of my dogs has to take meds and they give them to them just like I instruct every time. My dogs are so well taken care of. Love!One time my dog needed chemo and had to be taken to the vet as I was out of town. The woman they usually hire to taxi dogs back and forth was very expensive so they did it themselves and charged me half! Who does that? They adore my dogs and I adore them!
5	This place is the BEST boarding place I've used!  I moved here from southern California where they had tons of these types of boarding places.  But none as cheap, and none close to their level of service.  It doesn't look like much from the outside, I had driven by it many times not noticing.  The first time I came, I was hesitant because the plain outside looks kind of run down.  But inside they have several rooms set up 'just like home', with couches, end tables, so cute.  And there is an outdoor play area with pools, and a kiddy play set with a slide.  I was worried with the couches that my dog would get used to jumping on furniture, at home she's not allowed unless invited.  But she seems to understand, and that hasn't been a problem.They also have a webcam (with night vision), a really cool touch.  You can log in anytime day or night and see your dog, on the computer or on your iPhone!  I've never had a problem logging in.  It's comforting to be out of town and check on your dog anytime.  The best part of this place is the staff.  They are so nice and you can tell they really care.  After the first time I came, they remembered my dog.  And my dog (Scarlet - who has bad separation anxiety) loves it here!  She now knows the route to Just Like Home and is excited as soon as we get off the highway.  Now that she knows the place, she doesn't look back when I drop her off, she is excited to get in the back and play with the dogs.  - Such a piece of mind when leaving her.  I mainly use Just Like Home for overnight boarding, but have used the daycare in the summer so she can play with other dogs in AC.  And I've gotten her the deshedding grooming package, which they did a great job.  Just the fact that my dog is happy when I leave her, with her separation anxiety is enough to seal the deal with me.  But the great staff and webcam access put this place over the top for me.
5	Best place I have ever taken my sweet dog. I use them for grooming too! They have packages that you can buy. They are a superior dog boarding and daycare place. The service is top notch and they have staff there 24/7. My favorite is the doggie cameras so you can watch your pup on vacation, business's rip, etc!
1	How do you care for dogs for a living but not be aware or compassionate about their well being?  I left my dog for the first time at this establishment.  The reviews were great and she spent two hours of an evaluation on the Saturday prior to her being boarded here.  I left her for 2 nights and three days.  When I picked her up she was not acting like herself.  She is a highly energetic dog.  She was mellow, didn't even seem to realize it was her owner picking her up.  She went down at my feet and started licking her front paws.  I thought she might have a stone or something, but the woman who brought her to me kept referring to my 75 pounds Rhodesian Ridgeback as a HE, when she is a she with a very feminine name.   When I got her to the car she had no interest in sticking her head out the window.  Mind you this is a dog who jumped out of a car window less than a week ago to say hello to passing motorists.  I know my dog she is a handful, I know her well.Unfortunately her care takers at this establishment did not  When I got her home I realized she was limping horribly.  When someone rang the door bell, my dog that usually smashes through the furniture to mount the windowsill and see who is out there, didn't even get up.  She is a crazy high energy dog who gets in trouble regularly.  I get that.  I would have believed any story they had.  I inspected her feet and found cuts on her pads..  Like bad cuts.  When I called to speak to them about what had happened they said she was fine when she was there... I was like really, like when she went down at my feet and started licking at her paws within 20 seconds of seeing me???  There was no question as to her well being, no compassion in the response at all, NOTHING but defensiveness.  Finally frustrated I said you are right I am lying..  She is just fine....  Then they said they would review the tapes.  Honestly at this point there was no point.  I would NEVER leave her in their hands again.  NEVER!!!  I would rather hire a dog sitter and have a stranger in my home than trust anyone from this establishment again.  I would not recommend this place to anyone!!!
5	Amazing! Amazing!  Amazing!I also moved here from Orange County, CA and I am SO surprised that there is so much love for the dog at Just Like Home in Las Vegas!The prices are so reasonable and having the groomer on staff helps me keep up on keeping my Ruby Dog's nails nice and trimmed! Having the web cams 24/7 is SO great!  My daycare in CA only had cameras during business hours so this service is above and beyond my expectations.Agreed, it does not look fancy from the outside, and yes, for "some" people in Vegas driving "all the way" (have you driven in Southern CA traffic?!?!?) to North LV is a pain; but THIS PLACE IS WORTH IT!  Check it out, your dog with thank you!!
5	Found this great place right here on Yelp!.  We started using the Daycare offered in anticipation of taking a 2 week trip, unfortunately without our dog.  Trip got cancelled due to emergency health issues.  Everyone here went out of their way to assist in any way possible while my husband was in the hospital and recovery.Sarge (dog) loves coming to "visit" here. He gets to play with all the other big dogs, outside when the weather is nice or in one of the "living rooms" when the weather is not so nice. He comes twice a week and just doesn't understand if something changes and he doesn't get to be there.  Well worth the price and so great for him to socialize.  I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for 1 day for a play day or boarding.  The cameras are great cause you can look in anytime to check out what the dogs are up to.  5 stars, 5 stars, 5 stars.
5	This place is "just like home" for our collie. We just worry that she doesn't want to come home.  The camera viewing is great way help with missing her. Better still, we see how caring and attentive these people are.
5	Just Like Home is the most compassionate  and best dog care you will find anywhere.  We have lived in other areas of the country - and this is the best dog care we have found.  The staff treats your dogs as if they were their own pets.  They are lavished with attention (petting and hugs) - they are free to roam.  The "dog" rooms  are just like home!  Furnished with nice doggy couches, futons, chairs. Outside there are pools and play stuff -- and you can view your dogs  on your android or iPhone at anytime- which is cool.  One of our elderly dogs was really pampered when we went out of town for a week. Our 12 year old corgi was seriously slowing down, not eating well and not moving as well -- our dog Archie was given extra TLC!   You couldn't ask for more!  Just Like Home really gives elderly dogs the five star treatment -- which is very important for peace of mind when you are traveling.  The staff is organized and is genuinely excited to see your dog when you arrive - and hugs all around when you leave.  Our dogs are so happy when they go -- and are sad to leave.  They love it there!  It is a blessing to be able to travel for weeks or just an one night and know that your dogs are well taken care of in a safe and loving environment.
5	Like many before, my fiancee and I have had a lot of anxiety when it comes to choosing a place to leave our dogs while we go have human fun.  Arriving from Los Angeles, we took a flyer on Just Like Home based on the stellar Yelp reviews and were not disappointed one bit.  We got to take advantage of the Yelp coupon and ended up paying a fantastic rate for our Welsh Corgi and Corgi-Beagle to stay and have a canine vacation.  While we initially thought that the whole webcam thing was voyeuristic and overkill, we found ourselves checking our phones and seeing how they were doing.  Seeing that they were always being supervised and running around having a good time made us feel happy and at ease during our stay in Las Vegas.  There are no problems bringing your own food / items, although we found that their home environment for the dogs (couches, futons, etc.) was more than enough for them to be comfy for a couple nights.  The separation of small / larger dogs was also great to hear.    I recommend Just Like Home whole-heartedly as a great location to leave your dogs if you're vacationing in Las Vegas.  When we were ready to go home, our dogs looked happy and tired--and that's all we wanted from a dog boarding service!
5	If you are a customer of that place on North Rainbow? Have any of you ever wondered....?1. Why is my dog always coming home with TONS of energy?2. What is my dog doing right now?3. Why does the staff never communicate properly to the owners when a concern is mentioned? (I say this because the owners NEVER return calls)4. Why do the staff all have different answers when you call and ask about your dog?Well if you start bringing your dogs to Just Like Home you will NEVER WORRY AGAIN about those questions or similar questions.Just Like Home uses 16 video cameras to monitor every single area of the property. You can watch your dog anytime you wish 24/7. There will NEVER be any doubt if your dog is playing, sleeping, etc... And if at any time you do not see your dog just call and you will be greeted with a friendly voice, a direct answer, and then you will be told right away which camera your dog is on.And if your dog does feel like taking a nap they can simply walk in one of several dog rooms with actual furniture for the to lounge around on...Just Like Home! Ever since my wife and I have started using Just Like Home our chocolate lab comes home EVERY TIME wore out and tired because the dogs actually get to play all day. I really mean this and can not emphasize enough. THEY GET TO PLAY ALL DAY! And you get to watch your dog ON CAMERA playing. There is never a doubt.The staff are all adults. Not young kids.  Do your self a favor and stop wondering about your fur kid(s) Take them to Just Like Home. Seeing is believing. You will see a noticeable difference in how tired your fur kid is when they come home. And last but not least...you will see on camera all day as much as you want.Like I said...seeing is believing (All 16 cameras worth) and there is no extra charge for the cameras. Price is the same as The District and Just Like Home has better more flexible package deals.If you care about your dog(s) as much as my wife and I...do yourself and them a favor. Take them to Just Like Home Dog Daycare and Boarding.
1	To anyone reading this review I think it is important to note they NEVER followed up, via Yelp! or with me personally.  I again warn anyone against this place.  I love my animal like a part of my family.  If you do, I would be very careful with this establishment.  This ended with a horrid infection of her pads, as well as multiple severely strained muscles.  My vet believes this was due to them just leaving her in the yard to play for HOURS, he suspects 10-14 hours a day.  This costs me over 300 dollars in vet bills including XRays, antiobiotics, having to buy a crate so she could heal and trying to soak her feet so they could heal.  Never again!
5	I called at noon on a Wednesday to get my poodle in for grooming. They said they were all booked however they would call me back. They took my number. An hour later they called me for an appointment they did a wonderful job and boded with my dog! They are so friendly and good with each dog! Every one was nice!!!
5	We love this place! They let the dogs play all day and then at the end of the day our puppies can crash in their designated living room . The doggie hotel is staffed 24 hours and there is always someone playing with the pooches. The best part is there are cameras everywhere and we can watch our dog 24/7 during vacation.
5	Chance would love to go back when we are in Las Vegas again. It was so cool to watch him play from our phone and computer. It was a good feeling that we could see him and see that he was having fun playing with all his new friends that he met there!
5	Just Like Home has been an amazing find!  I have a young energetic Miniature Pinscher and leaving her at home alone all week when i work 8-10 hours a day just was not working well for us. I was nervous about choosing a day care (as I am sure many of you reading these reviews feel the same) because my dog is like my baby, but I never worry about her while she is at Just Like Home. The staff is great and pays lots of loving attention to the dogs.  And I LOVE the fact they have cameras all over the facility. It is really nice (and reassuring) to be able to check in from time to time on my iPhone, and when I do I always find my girl napping on a couch, playing outside or cuddling in someone's lap. I wouldn't take her any where else! Two thumbs up!
5	Just Like Home is amazing! They have cameras set up in every area of the pet resort so we were able to check on our Basset Hound Lucy all the way from Aruba! The staff truly cares for the animals, they show genuine interest in taking care of your pet. I couldn't have asked for better service. Don't let a few coupon haters ruin the fact that this place is second to none! I trust Just like Home as if they were my family with my dog!
4	After taking our girl to another boarding facility during our last visit to Vegas, we wanted to try somewhere else and hope it was better. Just Like Home was 10x's better!!! They were so loving to our girl, made us feel welcome, and we just loved how they operate and let the dogs sleep together. The Webcams are amazing and we had a good time watching our girl sleep with her new friends. The reason for 4 stars instead of 5? Upon checkout, the front desk lady made a comment and me feel really stupid for calling in and checking on our girl. I called one to two times a day. I don't think that's such a bad thing. Especially since I informed them of her separation anxiety and that she can jump fences. It bugged me a little when it happened, but as time has gone by, I've realized it was just rude. It was her first visit, and with her occasional issues, I think calling to check and make sure there weren't any problems wasn't too big of a deal. But she made me feel so dumb just for calling. Not cool. Other than the comment at checkout, we truly loved this place. We really wish we had one of these back at home. But anytime we're in Vegas, this will be her home away from home.
5	We have been taking our white boxer Zues here, from time to time, when we travel.  Zues loves this place!  We peek in on the video cam, sometimes, and are assured he is well taken care of.  Highly recommend it!
5	This is the first time I've ever boarded my dog in Las Vegas but a couple of places that I had called said no pitbulls which absolutely drives me nuts! Instead just like home welcomed him and had us take him in early for an interview where they showed him around and made sure he would be compatible with other dogs and comfortable with the area which is exactly how it should be! I love how much they exercise the dogs because as I said I have a pit and they definitely need their exercise! It's so hard during the Vegas summers but just like home had an outdoor swimming pool (my dog loves to swim!!) and sprinkler area so no need to worry about hot concrete on his paws or him overheating! That's so important!!! They had great little rooms with couches for the dogs to sleep in afterwards which was adorable and felt very homey as well as webcams to watch your dog just incase you get worried about your dog and how he is doing the way I know I do! I also loved the little going away bag they gave us when we picked him up including a "report card" with how he played, slept, ate, went to the bathroom etc which I thought was a really adorable and thoughtful addition! Great place and I would definitely bring my dog back :)
5	I have left my dog here twice and each time is amazing. The price is great and they have webcams so you can view your pet, no extra charge. The staff is friendly and courteous. They are not caged up all day and get to play and roam in their play places and rooms. Highly recommended.
5	I found this place on the internet - after much research. We couldn't have been more satisfied with the accommodations for our dogs. All the people working their are definite animal lovers and give our pets the loving care they need while being boarded . I loved the web cam where we could watch the dogs on the internet. Our dogs had a private suite with their own dog run. They also have an area for group boarding with play pools and fun areas for the dogs to enjoy and socialize with other dogs. I would highly recommend this facility!!
5	I love this place for boarding! The fact that I can always call and speak to someone who can tell me how my dog is doing is awesome! The dogs are not caged, even at night.  They keep the dogs occupied and always moving and playing ( except for nap time )
5	Just Like Home has been a god-send for my husband, myself, and our two cocker spaniels. We have no reliable family in Vegas and our friends have dogs and children of their own and I would not expect to burden them with ours. So without JLH, we'd probably never get to leave town.The first time we were there, Tracy walked us into the back to show us the private suites available if that was a route we wanted to go (which we did, and continue to do so -- obviously more expensive, but being away from home, I like them to have down time, alone when they are not outside). We also were able to see the outside play areas from the window. The ability to log on to the webcams via our phones/tablets is so great. We do it a lot lol, maybe a little too much, but they are our "kids"! If we notice something, we call. If we have a question, we call. Everyone has been nothing but accommodating every single time -- I was sure they'd be like "you people are crazy, stop calling!" But always super kind. They do not keep the dogs outside for very long hours. I read someone's review about their dog being outside for over 10 hours. That's nonsense. Like previously stated, you have the ability to look in on your dog whenever you want, and I have never seen our pups out for more than an hour at a time (and they are taken out several times a day in a rotation). Any specific requirements your dog has, they are accommodating to his/her needs. My dogs love it here and we are so thankful we found this awesome place!
5	Went to "Just Like Home" Doggie Hotel and Grooming and they did such a fantastic job on my dogs! They have never looked better! Thank you to the groomer- David!
5	I LOVE this place for doggy day care.  It is an open dog area, so my dogs weren't stuck in a cage.  They also have lounge areas for them to go chill if they don't want to be disturbed.  The best part is the webcams so you can watch your pets whenever.  They are a little more expensive, but understandably so due to the level of service.  This is definitely my boarding spot whenever I travel.  On a separate note, I wasn't that thrilled with the grooming.  I give them three stars for that.  Somehow the groomer misinterpreted my request for a yorkie cut to  basic training cut.  Everything was crazy short.  On a good note, I didn't have to get them cut again for a long while and they were clean.
5	My Poodle Barbie loves Just like Home !!!! I can trust leaving my baby  there while I'm at work all day knowing that she is having a great time and getting well taken care of. Just like home is the best thing that could have ever happened to us, They are very professional have very reasonable prices friendly & courteous staff who are proactive in assuring your pets safety. They go above and beyond. I would recommend this place to anyone.  I have nothing but wonderful things to stay about them. And will continue to be a loyal customer. I would highly recommend!
1	When we first arrived to drop off our puppy (she is almost 6 months old) we were greeted at the front desk by a woman who seemed a bit scattered.  This is understandable because it was on a Friday and shortly after we entered a line of other dog-parents stacked up behind us.  I came prepared, we gave the facility two sheets of paper nicely typed with instructions on how to feed our pooch, her personality, what she likes, what she doesn't like, etc.  No one asked us anything about the dog. They only wanted us to fill out paperwork that asked if she had been to a dog park before and provide them with permission to treat her in case of an emergency and of course, her shot records.  We have used many boarding facilities in the past and I have actually even worked at one for a brief time so we are very accustomed to normal functions at these facilities. As I was standing in line signing consent forms, a man took my dog without even letting me say goodbye to her.  I asked if I could see the room she would be staying in and was promptly told "No".  They then pointed to the television and said she would be staying in a room that would be available to view by webcam.  I asked, "What room will she be in?".  They told me they didn't know.  I handed the lady my paperwork and she told us to have a great trip.  I waited a few seconds before asking her if she needed my dog's food bag, blanket, and toys that was sitting on the ground in front of me.  I would assume since she was staying 2 nights that they were hoping to feed her during her stay.  It was very strange that I had to remind them to TAKE the food and her medicine.  Typically boarding facilities go over feeding instructions to ensure that they will be doing things correctly.  This is especially true when a dog is on medication or has a strict diet.  This wasn't the case for Just Like Home.  No one really cared.  But I did point to the typed out sheet of paper before we were ushered out and told them that ALL OF HER FEEDING instructions were on the paper and that she had to follow her diet.  They took her bag and started checking in the next dog. My fiance and myself walked slowly to our car very hesitant to leave our dog behind.  3 hours after we left I decided to follow the instructions to log in via my phone to see the live video feed.  I couldn't find my dog.  We watched for 30 minutes and she was nowhere to be seen.  We pulled over our car and called the establishment and asked them which room she was staying in.  Again we were told "I don't know".  We asked how we could view our puppy if they didn't know where she would be at and then they said that she was probably just being fed.  The next day we logged on to see our dog in the morning and were unable for over an hour to see her.  At one point we almost thought that the videos were untruthful because our dog was never seen.  Her blanket and toys that we brought were never seen at all during her stay in any of the rooms.  (We still do not know what room she stayed in and highly doubt if the facility staff know either!) It wasn't until the morning we were returning to pick her up that we finally caught a glimpse of her outside.  She was laying down in the sun.  That helped us breathe easier.  But with at least ten other dogs around her it was very strange that we saw no person in the yard with the dogs.  This is dangerous if a dog fight would have broken out.  Dogs need to be supervised in groups at all times to ensure their safety.  When we finally got to boarding facility, we were greeted at the front desk again and told that our dog had a great time.  They constantly referred our female dog as a male.  Even in her write up report she was called a HE over and over.  This reinforces our suspicion that they have no idea what they're doing with these animals.  They don't even know the gender (or care to look at the paperwork to see what it is) of the dogs in their care.  When my dog finally came out, her head was hanging very low.  She was put right into my arms, and she didn't recognize me at all.  Her head just hung low, very sad.  It wasn't until I turned around when she caught the scent of my fiance and "woke up".  Her entire underside was very wet and she smelled very bad like urine.  This was surprising because she is a very clean dog and had just been fully groomed and bathed the night before she came to Just Like Home. I had to remind the staff that she should still have food left over to bring home.  All of her food was labeled so that they could know exactly what day and when to give her each portion.  When they finally found her food we noticed there was an odd amount left of it. They were feeding her wrong.  We also noticed that her blanket and toys never left the bag we gave them.  We also had to get her groomed right after leaving the facility because she smelled so awful.  There was just problem after problem. Needless to say, we will never come back.
5	My husband and I found Just Like Home about three years ago. We were going on a trip and my husband, who had just moved to town with his dogs, was nervous about leaving them just anywhere. We went and visited in person just about every boarding facility in town. While the majority of them were just fine, once we walked into JLH we knew that's where we would be boarding our dogs. Everyone at JLH is wonderful. From Pam to Chris, and everyone in between, we love them all. They actually love what they do and love the dogs in their care. This isn't your normal "kennel". The dogs are only put in kennels to eat their meals. Other than that the dogs spend their days lounging on sofas watching TV, playing with toys, playing in the doggy pools or on the doggy jungle gyms, chasing balls thrown by the wonderful staff, getting belly rubs and ear scratches and lots of snuggles. They interact with other dogs of their size and temperament as well as the dogs in their family unit. JLH has cameras just about everywhere so you can watch your pups while you're away. My husband and I spend half of our vacation watching our dogs while they're on their own doggy vacation. I love knowing that my dogs are in the hands of the staff at JLH. The first time we left our dogs with them my shy OES rescue had a hard time. I had never left him alone since adopting him. He wasn't eating, he wouldn't play-he was terrified. Pam hand fed Korbin every meal until he calmed down enough to begin enjoying his stay. Now Korbin loves going to JLH and actually let's the staff pet and play with him (something he doesn't let many people do.)   Last March we adopted a min pin puppy from the NSPCA. We were getting married and going on our honeymoon just a few short weeks later.  We were concerned about leaving our baby as she was only 4 months old. Most facilities won't take such a young puppy. JLH made sure to keep our 4 lb bundle away from the older, larger dogs that were being boarded-just in case. (in fact I believe she was held the entire week we were gone, lol)   Prices are very good -groomers are awesome. I just can't say enough about JLH. I've recommended them to everyone I know when they ask the best place to board their dogs. Now, if I can only get them to start boarding cats as well......
5	Review of "Just Like Home Doggie Hotel and Grooming" Tina V. March 6, 2014:I adopted a rescue in January and wanted to check out doggie daycare in my area. I went to one place, where the staff was nice enough, but I just didn't get a great feeling. I kept searching the internet and soon after found Just Like Home's website. One of the first things that caught my attention was their statement: "Just Like Home's overnight boarding rates are all inclusive.  We do not ala-cart charge for love and affection, indoor and outdoor play time, medicine administration, belly rubs or treats". I had noticed that other places really do charge higher rates for belly rubs/bed tuck-ins! I made arrangements to bring in my dog for a meet and greet.My dog has now been to Just Like Home 3 separate times (2 full days and one overnight) and I have been nothing short of thrilled with the service and the Staff! Apparently my dog feels the same, because when I came to pick her up after her overnight visit, she sat down in the lobby as if to say, "no, I don't wanna' leave yet"! A little humbling, but I was happy she had such a great time!A few of the MANY bonuses to Just Like Home are:* 24 hour Human interaction/supervision which can be easily seen on one or more of the 20 plus closed circuit cameras (I can access from my laptop or cell phone 24 hours a day to check in on my dog)!* A Splash Park with Water Features and Pools!* LOTS of playtime outdoors and resting/sleeping times are in large rooms with others...not in kennels (I really love this)! Look over their website for many more details.I HIGHLY recommend http://www.justlikehomedoggiehotelandgrooming.com to both locals as well as visitors to Las Vegas. The Mother-Daughter team of Pam and Tracey have nailed this business with their very warm, personal and caring touches and that can be seen reflected in the Staff as well. I'll be leaving my new furbaby at Just Like Home when I go for a 2 week vacation soon, and my only real concern is that I may have to bribe her to come home with a Steak or Cheeseburger! LOL
3	tried them out for the first time.  Not sure what to make of it yet.  believe they only have one outside area thats where the rotations come in as I watched the dogs where inside longer than 1 hour and alone no human with them therefore no enough employess to attend to dogs I may try again as see my dog reaction when we get there.  Also in refference to previous review while I was there someone was there to pick up snickers and they brought out the wrong snickers confused a 4 month old to a big adult dog.
5	We brought our dog Rosie to just like home and guess what, it was. Rosie is 10 and we were gone for a week.  She had a small medical incident and both Chris and a mother staff member , Melissa, took such good care of her.  They did just what I would have done and treated her like their own. We were so pleased with the surveices that we will be bringing Rosie back soon.  She had such a great time playing.  I know it is true because I was able to watch her on the cameras. Love this place.  Thanks for everything.
5	They say its harder to find someone to take care of your pooches then your kids and its true!  That is why JLH is such a great find; they are totally geared to caring for your dog, it's the reason they are in business, simple and they do it well!  They provide a safe environment for dogs to play, interact with each other, and interact with the technicians caring for them whether  outside or in.We love that our 10 month old puppy is happy and tired from playing and enjoying her hanging with her dog buddies either in the outdoor yards or having a rest on one of the couches inside.  Soon the water park will open and our dog Finella can  hardly wait for that.The staff know our dog really well and she responds positively to all of them.  David has done two great jobs on grooming, she looks fantastic, it is so convenient to take her for daycare and know she has had a ton of fun and is groomed too.  The staff are terrific, Finella is literally vibrating with anticipation when we walk in the front door she cannot wait to get inside the play yard!  Marilyn B
5	Come here for every grooming Service and for daycare. They take really good care of my dog and the staff is friendly. Would recommend this place over any other pet hotels.
5	Every time I visit Vegas with my doggie, I love dropping him off here.Many of the hotels in Vegas are now offering pet-friendly rooms (both luxury and basic) but what fun would your dog have in a room? Especially when a place like Just Like Home is a hop, and a skip away? The Just Like Home staff is always great, and you can truly tell they love dogs and love being around them. I have never felt uneasy or worried about my dog's well-being here. Being able to watch my dog remotely on my phone and/or laptop is PRICELESS. Whether I am in a Vegas club, restaurant, or my hotel room, I love checking in on my dog to see how he is doing. He is a very important member of my household, and Just Like Home Doggie Hotel and Grooming get's it.
5	I am so happy that I found just like home! Everyone there has been very friendly and helpful. You can tell that they really care about the dogs. What I love most are the web cams! I like being able to check in on my baby, especially when I am out of town. He always comes home happy and tired!
5	When we moved from CO. we weren't sure if we were going to find a water park for our Dane/Lab mix to enjoy...We were wrong..Just Like Home has a doggy waterpark that she loves, the staff has been great with her showing her all the attention she deserves. We have use both the daycare as well as the boarding. Great pricing.. We are big fans of JLH and will be coming here for as long as Matilda can keep up..
5	I absolutely love "Just like home"!! I had to board my blind Boston Terrier for a week, and they took great care of him. I loved being able to pull up the app on my phone and watch him on live web cam. Thank you to all the kind dog lovers for taking good care of my Boston Cody!!
5	I found this place online and after reading the reviews I decided to try it out. I live in vegas but am from cali so I go back and forth often and really wanted to find a place that my dog would be taken care of and happy while im away. Peace of mind! :) after his first visit, I could tell he loved it. The people there are great!! I was very nervous at first to leave him with other dogs but he did great, had so much fun and got lots of attn while I was away. The 24 hr surveillance is awesome! Ive already used them twice in the last two wks and he loves it there. I definitely recommend this place!! :)
5	I was referred to Just Like Home by a friend of mine and wow what can i say except this place is great!  The staff is friendly and the owners Tracey and Patty are extremely personable.  As a business owner, I can appreciate when the owners actually take the time to talk to their customers.I take my Yorkie here for doggy day care and grooming.  They always do a great job grooming her and when I pick her up from doggy daycare she is always tired and sleeps the whole night.  This lets me know that she is not just sitting around all day, but is actually playing and being engaged.  They also have video cameras throughout the place. You can download the software to your cell phone and peek in on your doggie from time to time.  Love this!  Did I mention that if you pay for a monthly daycare package then their pricing is the best in Las Vegas?  Yep! Very pleased customer and doggy mommy I am.
5	I have used them 3 times for my two big dogs. Two trips were about a week and the other was 2 weeks long. I have had great experiences every time. After the two week trip, my yellow lab dropped a few pounds from playing so much compared to being at home. I had to increase his food amount for future stays, because he needed the calories. My other dog is a SUPER shy, shelter dog that we have had now for 2 years. She is a big Burnese Mountain dog slash german shepard mix. The first year, I was nervous to board her because she is so shy and submissive. The stays here have actually helped her be more comfortable around people, especially men. The dogs are smiling when we pick them up.
5	My dog is a German Shepherd and is still a puppy so he's very hyper.  I loved this place because he is outside pretty much all day but has access to an inside room if he wants...  Everyone there was really friendly and anytime I called they answered all my questions..  ANOTHER COOL THIINGS IS THEY HAVE CAMERAS SO ALL THE WAY IN BOSTON I COOL WATCH TO SEE WHERE KING WAS..  I ABSOLUTELY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE. TESSS
5	I've taken my dogs to 3 different boarding places in the last few years.   I was seriously UN-happy with all of them.  Then I found "Just like Home" and that is exactly who I was looking for!  Every other place left the dogs in cages except for a bathroom run 1x or 2x a day.  They sat is cages while other dogs played.  How horrible is that?!  Just like Home lets them play and be normal.  It's hard enough they are not at home.  But to leave them in cages 24/7 just seems inhumane.  I absolutely LOVED it that both of my puppies slept with their friends on couches or futons just like at home.  They played all day and were exhausted at the end of the day from FUN and not from being traumatized. Honestly?  This is the ONLY place I will even think about leaving my dogs from now on.  They treat them like their own and have absolutely no problems with the nanny cameras.  I don't know of any other place that has cameras.  Which is very suspicious.  The staff was also great with helping explain to my 3 year old daughter that the dogs were just going to doggie school like she did when I go to work.  They also showed her how to open the web cam on my phone (they asked me first of course) so she could see her puppies 24/7.  All I can say is AWESOME place.
5	This place is really great. My husband and I were driving across the country with our two Catahoula Pitbull mixes and needed to board them for two days. The staff is extremely friendly and nice and really has a handle on dog behavior. The place is nice too. It looks small from the outside but it's actually very large. Lots of rooms that truly are "just like home" and you can check on tour babies on their web cams while you are away. So great to find a place like this =)
5	I live here in Vegas and typically have someone come over to take care of my dogs because I prefer them to stay at home due to the experiences I have had with other boarding places in town.  Then I discovered just like home - and they truly live up to their name.  My three active dogs have a great time playing in the waterpark and I love that I get a "report card" on how they did during their stay.I am thrilled to have such a wonderful place to leave my dogs when I go out of town.  They have as much fun as I do now!
5	I cannot say enough good things about Just Like Home.  I have a 1 year old Charcoal Lab, and she started going to Just Like Home for daycare 2-3 times a week about 2 months ago.  We received our first visit for free, which was great!  The staff is incredibly friendly and now recognizes Lucy when we come in the door. Lucy absolutely loves getting dropped off for the day while I go to work, and I love watching her on their 16 cameras throughout their facility.  The dogs are kept outside together running around and playing for at least half of the day.  The other half is spent in living rooms with multiple couches and doggy beds for them to lay on with their new friends.  Last week, Lucy stayed overnight for boarding for the first time. In the 5 days she was there, I called to check on her 4-5 times (even though I could see she was doing well on the cameras!). Each time I called, the staff members were SO friendly and ensured me she was doing great.  It really helped keep my mind at ease that she was somewhere safe and fun that she loves. We will never choose another daycare or boarding location as long as we live in Las Vegas.  I highly recommend checking out Just Like Home!
5	I adopted a rescue in January 2014 and wanted to check out doggie daycare in my area. I went to one place, where the staff was nice enough, but I just didn't get a great feeling. I kept searching the internet and soon after found Just Like Home's website. One of the first things that caught my attention was their statement: "Just Like Home's overnight boarding rates are all inclusive.  We do not ala-cart charge for love and affection, indoor and outdoor play time, medicine administration, belly rubs or treats". I had noticed that other places really do charge higher rates for belly rubs/bed tuck-ins! I made arrangements to bring in my dog for a meet and greet.My dog has now been to Just Like Home 3 separate times (2 full days and one overnight) and I have been nothing short of thrilled with the service and the Staff! Apparently my dog feels the same, because when I came to pick her up after her overnight visit, she sat down in the lobby as if to say, "no, I don't wanna' leave yet"! A little humbling, but I was happy she had such a great time!A few of the MANY bonuses to Just Like Home are:* 24 hour Human interaction/supervision which can be easily seen on one or more of the 20 plus closed circuit cameras (I can access from my laptop or cell phone 24 hours a day to check in on my dog)!* A Splash Park with Water Features and Pools!* LOTS of playtime outdoors and resting/sleeping times are in large rooms with others...not in kennels (I really love this)! Look over their website for many more details.I HIGHLY recommend justlikehomedoggiehotelaandgrooming... to both locals as well as visitors to Las Vegas. The Mother-Daughter team of Pam and Tracey have nailed this business with their very warm, personal and caring touches and that can be seen reflected in the Staff as well. I'll be leaving my new furbaby at Just Like Home when I go for a 2 week vacation soon, and my only real concern is that I may have to bribe her to come home with a Steak or Cheeseburger! LOL ADDITIONALLY: I have now used JLH for grooming and am really very pleased with their #3-Furminator package. Well Done, JLH!!!!
3	We took our pooch here for a week long boarding after getting a bad vibe at the place we usually go. It was all pretty last minute, they were able to get his evaluation in on the weekend before we leave and book him for boarding during the Labor Day weekend coming up with out problem.The place looks a bit old and run down and is in a shady part of town but the back is well fenced and they have cameras everywhere.Well the camera part didn't work to our advantage as well as we had hoped, it was very hard to find our dog most of the time. Especially at night, we have no idea where or how he slept. We even called to ask which room he's sleeping in and they couldn't tell me because sometimes it changes. So our vacation wasn't as relaxing as we had hoped, we worried about him a lot.Their hours are also difficult for us, we had a hard time arranging our drop off and pick up times, we did it but not to our liking.When we did pick him up he seemed okay, but he wasn't as happy as when we pick him up from our other care facility. After getting him home we noticed a long scrape on our dogs nose, they never said anything to us about it. It's healed now. His haircut we requested wasn't as short as we would've liked but other than that looked good. A few hours later we also realized that our dog had gone hoarse, I would assume from barking. This has never happened to him before or since, it took a good 2 weeks for it to come back completely.The staff was friendly and appeared caring and enjoyed what they do. If I was in a pinch again I'd probably take him back, but otherwise I doubt we'll use Just Like Home on a regular basis.
5	Just Like Home doggie boarding is a wonderful place to bring your dog! I bring my dog Kylie for boarding while I'm out of town. I was a little nervous at first since I had never boarded her before. Usually I hire a dog sitter to come to my home but being new to town that wasn't an option as something had come up. Just like home took Kylie right in on short notice. She seemed to be happy when I picked her up and so I've been taking her there ever since whenever I need her to be care for. I feel confident that she has a great time interacting with the staff and playing with the other dogs! I chose this place because they do not crate the dogs unless requested and they have room roam around or play outside! You even get a report card when you pick your dog up that tells you the details of their stay. This is helpful, especially if you aren't able to watch them on one of their many cameras.
5	This is our favorite place to bring our dogs for overnight stays, we only wish they were closer to us so we could use them for daycare as well. Prices are reasonable, staff is always friendly and our pups always come back exhausted from playing non stop. There are cameras in lots of the rooms in case you want to check in on your pups but we just trust they are doing great!
5	We love just like home! They are so good with our dog Olive. I was worried boarding out dog because she needed medication but they are understanding and thorough about questions to ask to understand our dogs needs. Access to view the cameras are also a big help in easing our worries. Thank you just pike home :)
5	I have been taking Luca to Just Like Doggie Hotel and Grooming for several years now.  I have never used the hotel, but I can say that the grooming service is top rate.  Luca is a large golden retriever mix who sheds all over the place and after he comes out he is shaved down, nails trimmed and his ears are even cleaned. I have always have prompt and courteous service. I would not hesitate to recommend the grooming service here.
