3	Went for the 7:30pm show -  the seating in the back is strange, as you have to spend the show with your body half turned towards the stage.  The Michael Jackson impersonator was awesome, but the rest of the acts were just ok.  The show seemed a bit cheesy, but there were a few moments where each of them were pretty convincing (the girl impersonating Christina Aguilera was super accurate in imitating Aguilera's mannerisms when she kept her hat on).  "Elvis" sounded like Elvis, but didn't really look like him.It's an okay show, but I think I'd rather spend a little more money and go see a Cirque show.
5	I have to give it 5 stars because:1) It was very entertaining2) The price was great - FREE...it was a gift!!!!3) The acts were first class:  Elvis is king, Michael Jackson was unbelievable, Tom Jones was an excellent act....etc  And to top it all off, these people are really talented...they can really sing and dance!
3	Call ahead for performers.  We enjoyed the show but the only one performing when we were alive was Rod Stewart.  A sign said Michael Jackson off due to illness but the box office girl said he got a better paying gig.  The seating was not ideal they put three chairs on one side of the table which fit two.  The two other people who joined our table were 300+ pounds and I ended up sitting in the aisle.We enjoyed the show but we had already seen that era performer with The Rat Pack in Back earlier in the week.
4	Four stars because Rod Stewart sang too many songs - - it dragged alittle there.  I think when he started the 4th number, I was like, "Pleeeeeze" - - but amazingly, Liberace and Marilyn Monroe were the MOST entertaining!  I was laughing so hard tears were running down my face.  Michael Jackson must had had plastic surgery, because he looked freakishly like MJ and really did a great job.  Elvis was awesome.  So adorable and a fabulous singer.  Get cheap seats because you don't need to be right up front (we were).  I don't think there is a bad seat in the house.  Enjoy!
4	I've seen this show a few times since the performers rotate. It's always an entertaining evening of top notch impersonators. Some of the memorable performances were Garth Brooks, Michael Jackson, Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera and of course Elvis. As an Elvis fan, there are a few issues that I had with the authenticity of the Elvis act, but nothing that detracted from the entertainment value. The Elvis impersonator is good looking, really tall and has a nice voice, however bares little resemblance to the King. Most of the performers are available after the show outside of the showroom to meet and greet fans, take pics etc. The seating in the upper level of the room is a bit cramped if you have a full table, and you do have to sit awkwardly to be able to see the stage. I've found the table seating arrangement to be quite common in Vegas though. Overall it's a solid show at a great price.
3	This is a fun show. Yes as many others rave the Michael Jackson impersonator is the best! He makes the show, also Cher was fantastic and does a cute skit by pulling a male on stage for a Sonny and Cher type of thing, super cute. Britney Spears is another I have heard rave reviews on however she was not on the roster the night I watched the show as it does change nightly. If going to the show hoping to see a certain performer it is best to contact the box office in advance for the line up for that given date prior to purchase. This show is more suited for 21 years and up, not something I think the kids would enjoy.
4	Great show for those of you who love music.  Was entertaining and fun to watch. A well put together show!
2	First of all I only went to this show because my husband is old and is still in the 50's and 60's.I had a coupon for a 2 for 1 price. We got there and she said $59.99 for two. So that means they were charging $59.99 per person. It was not worth $30.00 a person let alone $60.00.I will say they tried really hard and it just looked like a high school or college production. It wasn't a Las Vegas show by any means.It says Legends. I don't think Lady GaGa is a legend. I'm sure she will be some day. Steven Tyler is a legend but not the kind of legend you expect at a legends concert. They all sang well but it just didn't do it for me.The theatre was only 1/2 full. I can see why. They seated us in a both for 2 with two other gentlemen. When there were 4 booths empty right down the center. I guess that's so the host gets tips.Elvis was a very good singer. Didn't look like him to much. Stevie Wonder was good as well. Lady Gaga sang very well but just wasn't in the right era. Bobby Darren was good. I've hear he plays in different shows around town.After reading the other reviews I think we got ripped off at our show. Our show was barely 1 hr. and we didn't have Michael Jackson, Tom Jones, or Cher. Call first to see who's playing.
5	Legends show at Harrah's was excellent. The performers did a really great job looking, sounding, and acting like the originals. I really liked the whole cast which was Stevie Wonder, Michael Jackson, Lady Gaga, Elvis, and Bobby Darin, The entertainers performed a great variety of songs and we enjoyed all really enjoyed it. We got a special show and buffet ticket which was an excellent value. The Flavor's Buffet is one of the best in Vegas I thought. You can find some awesome coupon specials at SmarterVegas.com . Rick D, San Diego, CA.
4	I usually don't think of paying money to see impersonators, but I took a chance on this concert as it was highly recommended by some locals I met.  One guy said that they were so good they got goosebumps for every performance.  I was really worried when they opened with "Whoopi Goldberg" dressed in a nun's habit, doing some "Sister Act," bit.  It was likely really good, but I really don't like Whoopi.  Anyway's, after that, they moved on to "Elvis."  He was really good, singing, dancing and acting the part.  I'm a fan of the King, my only complaint is that he didn't sing my favorite songs.  Next was "Toby Keith," who looked much more like a fat "Bret Michaels," down to the eyeliner, bandana and cowboy hat.  Despite this, he did sound like Toby, who I have heard sing 3 times, once in Afghanistan and twice in Iraq.  I had forgotten how fun his music is, really great performance.  His "courtesy of the red, white and blue" gave me goosebumps and a little lump in my throat.  "Bobby Darin" was also in the line up.  I'll be honest, I had no idea who he was, but there was definitely an "aha" moment when he started singing.  He was really good. He was an oldies singer, most commonly remembered Singing "mack the knife" and "dream lover."   "Donna Summer" was there as well.  While I am not a disco fan and don't really enjoy the music, there is no question that she is a talented singer, belting out "hot stuff, bad girls" and "last dance."   The pinnacle of the show was "Michael Jackson."  Coming out to "Jam."  I have never seen the real Michael Jackson in concert,  but I can't imagine that he could actually be much better than this guy.  He was phenomenal! Singing...check, dancing...check, weird face...check!His setlist consisted of "Jam, Billie Jean, thriller and Black or white."  Not exactly my favorites, but he really sang them well.  He broke off during one of the songs and had a ten minute dance session.  Again, while I have never seen MJ in concert before, I can't imagine the real thing being any better.  He had this crazy sideways moonwalk, and did the best robot ever.  Overall, fantastic show. I gave it 4 stars for poor song selection.  Performers are top notch, from the singing, dancing as well as mannerisms.
4	My first Vegas show and I thought it wasn't bad. It's got a good mix of old school and current music. Though this night we didn't get Lady Gaga. That would have been nice. The show started out with Sister Act as Whoopi Goldberg was singing. The nuns...are guys, but whatever. It wasn't bad at all though I think Whoopi is a little bigger.The most disapointing of the show I thought, and many might not agree with me was the Michael Jackson one. The singing wasn't up to par but the dancing was great. He does a better little Michael than a grown up Michael. I thought the guy who played Bobby Darin was good. He was strong. I had no idea Bobby Darin was the singer that sang "Splish Splash". For some reason I was thinking Chubby Checker. In fact I think he was the star of the entire show.Elvis show wasn't to shabby at all. I was really hoping he sing Viva Las Vegas. So when his set finished and he didn't sing it I was so disapointed that I was going to rate this lower, but at the end he did sing it while they were doing the credits portion of the concert, so I was not disapointed.We sat in the back, but for what we paid it was alright. No wait staff to get your drink.
4	I have enjoyed this show.  I thought all of the impersonators were great.Do not be tricked when thinking that all of the stars on every advertisement you see will be on the show, but others will be.We saw other stars like Elton John, Jay Leno, and Michael Jackson on advertisements, but instead we had Whoopi Goldberg, Toby Keith, Carrie Underwood, Donna Summer, Stevie Wonder, and Elvis Presley.The show started out with Whoopi Goldberg with a bit of Sister Act then she told some jokes and then introduced Stevie Wonder.Stevie Wonder, Toby Keith, Donna Summer, Carrie Underwood, and Elvis Presley came out in that order singing songs and interacting with the audience.  Not the ones in all of the posters we have seen, but I am not complaining.  The show was just as good.  I just wish the show was a little bit longer and was a bit disappointed when I didn't see the stars I saw on the advertisements all over town.I suggest this show to anyone wanting to see a show, but are on a budget.This show is located in the Harrah's Hotel and there are specials in certain coupon books all over Vegas.We got in with a 2 for 1 special.Take care and keep on yelping with plenty of yelp power!!
5	Definitely one of the better shows I been to.  I've personally never watched a live Madonna, Elvis, Rod Stewart, Donna Summer or MJ concert but these impersonator were pretty damn good. I was feeling the energy as if I was watching the real thing. The MJ performer was sick so he wasn't there boo. But the show must go one right.They killed it, the band, backup singers, and dancers also killed it.  There was never a dull moment. I wanted to just jump up and boogie. They have lots of seats and they were packed. There was also Large screens which played videos of the original singers while the impersonator performed.
3	This long running show at Harrah's features celebrity look-alike performers who actually sing the songs of the famous performers they imitate.  The theatre at Harrah's seems outdated, with many seats only slightly better than folding chairs instead of permanent, bolted to the floor theatre seats.  But, the production values and what happens on stage are absolutely professional and thoroughly enjoyable.  Favorite performances included Michael Jackson and Elvis.It's not the slickest show in Las Vegas, but it's a nice change of pace from all the comedy and magic acts that populate the Strip.  We came away pleased at how good it was.
3	This show was okay.  I'm a total geek, so I prefer something more sophisticated, like Phantom of the Opera.  However, for what it is, it's pretty good.The Michael Jackson impersonator was INCREDIBLE - he kinda blew my mind.  The others... well, the Elvis sang well, but he didn't really remind me much of Elvis.  The Rod Stewart sounded drunk.  I realize the real Rod Stewart has an, umm, interesting voice too, but this was... different.  Rod Stewart's raspy voice is very different from this drunken, off-key warbling.  I don't know what was up with the sound system that night, but every once in a while, the sound would temporarily amplify to terrifying levels and almost blow my eardrums straight out of my head.I bet you would have the best luck if you did what others suggested and called ahead to see who's performing.  If you catch it right, I bet it's a heck of a show.  I wasn't THAT impressed, but on a different night, I very well might have been.
5	So much fun!! Good show for all ages, though I wish I saw more young folks like me and my girlfriends in the crowd!This show totally exceeded my expectations. We had VIP seats, which was definitely worth it. The VIP booths are elevated, so there were no heads blocking my view (I'm short haha), and we had a clear view of the stage, the performers and their facial expressions. The theater is small, but very intimate.The big screens on the side are awesome. They showed the people on stage and videos of the real legends performing in sync with the tribute artists. Very cool effect! We saw Michael Jackson, Tina Turner, Lady Gaga, Blues Brothers, and Elvis. It was a GREAT lineup, and the performers just got better and better as the show went on. Tina was full of energy. Lady Gaga was JUST LIKE the real Gaga, and her mannerisms+ speech was hilarious!! The Blues Brothers blue/blew me away with their dancing and harmonica skills, and Elvis was indescribable- you just have to see him for yourself. Elvis made ALL the ladies in the audience scream and blush like fan girls (even the old grandmas!). Also, I have to give a shoutout to the LIVE band and backup dancers. They were all spectacular and really contributed to the show. You could tell that EVERYONE on stage is incredibly talented. Congrats to Legends for having a great cast/crew and putting on a memorable show!!
4	This was a great show, we didn't expect it to be as good as it was. The dancing was fantastic, the singing was great. all around we had a fun time. The theater itself was a bit dated, and kind of gross. but that is vegas for you! really a fun show and a great value. These guys were great. Lady Gaga was really funny, and Elvis was a crack up.
5	There is a reason this show has been around for so long, it just took my 20th something trip to get around to it.  I was really surprised I liked it as much as I did!  I enjoyed ALL of the impersonators, even the ones I didn't think I would.  But, by far my favorite was Lady Gaga.  This girl can sing and play the piano pretty on point with the real one. They change the line-up pretty often, so this is something I wouldn't mind taking someone else to.  And $60 for two tics on smartervegas.com, you can't beat that.  Guaranteed fun!
5	A fantastic show! So much entertainment with no lulls in the nearly two-hour show.We had the opportunity to see this show on a Monday night, but the weekday setting didn't dampen the performances at all. The advantage of this show is that you know every song is going to be a hit. There's a great mix of new and recent superstars, and music styles (soul, blues, pop, rock & roll).For my money, the best performances were Lady Gaga [a spectacular dance number] and Michael Jackson, who I would have happily watched for 2 hours by himself. Tina Turner also had an incredible voice, and Elvis went down well with the majority of the audience. Finally the Blues Brothers provided energy and comedy.A great value, and very entertaining show. Highly recommended!
5	Great, great, great!!The night I saw it was when they had Micheal Jackson, Tina Turner, Lady Gaga, The Blues Brothers, and Elvis Presley performing.They all gave great performances and well worth the $35/per person paid to see them. Any seat in the house is good and is worth seeing. At the end of the show, all of the impersonators where there to autograph your ticket and take pictures (no extra charge). I will see it again when I'm in Vegas again.
4	This is an amazing show! I saw it last week while in Las Vegas. However, the woman who was directing the crowd prior to the show and into the theater was quite rude! She was almost forcing everyone to take a picture with the guy who was performing as elvis and when I said to her we were not interested she let out a very loud "ugh". Yes, a very loud "ugh" right in our faces. Very unprofessional and very rude. I wanted to tell her we wanted to take our picture with her so we could show everyone back in Philly the very rude, unprofessional and obnoxious woman in Vegas at Legends but I was well behaved since I was with the family, including mom.  I highly recommend the show but beware of the "ugh" woman prior to the show........
4	Great show! My wife dragged me to this. I wasn't particularly looking forward to it, but we ended up having a great time. There is a bar in the back so you can keep up on your drinking. The stars gather in the lobby afterwards so you can meet and take pictures with them. Elvis was awesome. A great Vegas experience.
5	Love this Show!! Was my first time and I was so impressed :) the Michael Jackson impersonator was awesome... brought tears to my eyes. The Justin Timberlake was on point... looks and voice....Made me miss all of his old songs!! I would definitely go again!!
5	Best show in Vegas. No lip syncing. Videos of actual entertainers along side of performers who are awesome. Show girls. Vegas lights. Seen it 6 times & it never gets old.
4	This IS worth doing if you are looking for fantastic impersonators doing their own singing and dancing. I was skeptical in spite of all these great reviews but they were ALL excellent, including very competent and obviously highly skilled dancers and house band.We saw Michael Jackson, The Blues Brothers, Elvis Presley, Justin Timberlake, & Tina Turner in my own order of fantastic performances. The Blues Brothers were frankly even more talented than the originals (and I am a BIG fan of Akroyd and Belushi, RIP) and their comedy routine was great. Lady Gaga must have had the night off.We bought our tickets at the Harrah's ticket window on a Wednesday with a two-for-one coupon out of one of the street magazines, that seemed to be the best deal when comparing neighbor prices, certainly better than standing in one of the Hot Tix lines in the sun only to pay MORE for the same ticket with pickup at the same window. We bought two shows at the Harrah's counter (see the Defending the Caveman review) and we had the same, but cheaper, seats at Legends and BETTER seats at Defending the Caveman and also got TWO free t-shirts. Oooh baby.Pick up early to avoid a fast moving moderate line. The ticket window CAN be a little tough (up the escalator) to find with the usual useless casino arrow signs ONLY designed to KEEP you in the casino (it is NOT the faux picture-Time Share sales booth at the Harrah's entrance you will find out too late:), ask for directions there at your own peril.
3	I got to see Legends in Concert when I was in Vegas. It was pretty cool.  The show opened with Michael Jackson and he did an amazing job! His dancing and his singing were pretty close to the real deal. His outfits were great and I really had a good time watching him perform. Sad to say, out of all the other performers, MJ was the best in my book. Other performers on Legends were Justin Timberlake, Whitney Houston, Adele, Elvis and The Blues Brothers. They were just alright. I don't understand how JT is considered a Legend. I guess I was hoping to see more classic performers and groups like The Beatles, Cher, Celine, The Temptations, etc. I do believe the performers rotate so every show is different. I got the show that had performers I didn't care much for. It wasn't that much of a legendary lineup.Other than MJ and The Blue Brothers, the rest of the performers were just OK. It was entertaining but if I had to pick between Legends in Concert and Society of Seven, I pick Society of Seven hands down! Legends in Concert is worth checking out though! Shows are held in Harrahs Hotel and Casino. When the show is over, go next door and get some yummy ice cream from Ben and Jerrys!
4	The performers were: Barry White, Whitney Houston, the Bllue Brothers, Elvis, Adele and Justin Timberlake . They were all great especially Adele and Whitney.  Bought our tickets on line, very expensive $65 each.
3	We got our tickets at half price seller. There were about six or so performers of good quality. The highlight for me was the Barry white.  But I didn't think the show was that great.  There bar was a complete disaster. You have to line up in the back, no servers, and there was just one bartender. They lost half of the line because the show started and people didn't want to miss it.
4	The Harrah's casino on the Las Vegas Strip is home to the longest running celebrity tribute show in the world.  The show consists of five "superstars", which change quite frequently, to keep things fresh and to keep audiences returning to see the show.  Each tribute performer is backed by a live band, backing singers and dancers.  There's VIP seating at the front - kind of theater-like seats in rows, but with a little cup holder so that you can keep your drink with you - this is Vegas after all!  There's booths with tables in the center and towards the back, and as you get further back, the level is raised, so I should think everyone gets a good view.  There are two large screens either side of the stage, used very cleverly to show footage of the real star, along with live footage of the stage show as it happens.The show I saw, on a Sunday night, was pretty packed.  We had dinner in the casino's Asian restaurant - service was speedy, as we told them we were going to a show, and the food was very good.  The audience had a wide age group and everyone seemed to be having lots of fun.Our first performer was a Michael Jackson tribute.  The dancing was fabulous, from him and from the backing dancers, they did a great rendition of Thriller and he even moonwalked.  He didn't score as highly on sounding like him, as he did for dancing like him, but he did pretty well.The second performer was a Justin Timberlake tribute.  I refer you here to the name of the show: Legends.  I do know one Timberlake song, but they didn't perform that one.  Again, more excellent dance routines, and the singer was charming and funny.  As we left I heard other people commenting on how he had got into a "Legends" show, a strange choice, in my opinion.Our third performance was a Blues Brothers tribute.  These guys were getting on in years, but still danced up a storm, like the real thing.  Great soul and blues songs, great jokes, a nice, playful set.The next show was put on by a pretty convincing Tina Turner tribute.  She was a fit and lithe older lady with an amazing set of lungs, just like the real thing.  More great dance routines and some killer songs.  Since it was Sunday, she did her version of Tina's version of Proud Mary.Our final performance just had to be Elvis, didn't it?  He did the classics, interacted with the audience beautifully, made us sing along, and made us laugh.  This was the section with the best costumes, and the showiest lights, but then, that's how it should be for Elvis!The show lasted around an hour and fifteen minutes.  There was a bar in the theater, so you can keep drinking if you wish.  To my mind, the greatest stars of this show were the backing dancers.  Even if I didn't know a song too well, and that's always a possibility when you see a mixed show like this, they entertained me.  The backing band, singers and dancers were one stage the whole show, and if they were tired from working so hard they didn't show it.  The costumes were incredible and we got at least one costume change per performer. It's a treat for your eyes as well as your ears, but the only drawback is that you don't know which five "stars" you will get for your show.
2	We wanted a classic vegas experience so we purchased some discount tickets through travel zoo. We were disappointed in the fact that the Michael Jackson guy wasn't performing and it took  a very long time to get through the line for our will call tickets. The performers were good but not fantastic. It's a celebrity impersonator show so what do you expect? It was kind of the workers to move us up front since the show wasn't sold out but they literally moved us so close that I was certain I was going to get kicked in the head by a backup dancer. It was still very entertaining and we didn't pay full price. The show isn't very long but it features impersonators doing Rod Stewart, Tom Jones, Brittney Spears, Elvis, and Lady Gaga.
4	Overall I really enjoyed the show. The performers were all very talented. LOVED the MJ...beyond impressed with his dancing. All the dancers looked good. Choreography kept it interesting and costumes were cool. Didn't love the seating...kind of awkward when your seat is faced with your back to the stage but that is probably my only complaint. Had free tickets so definitely worth the trip to see this one.
5	I just recently saw this show and was quite impressed with the performance. The best act was the Michael Jackson impersonator in my opinion. There was plenty of seating and did not seem has congested like many of the other shows I have gone to. This is not reflective on the performance, but here was no drink service which was disappointing. Overall worth the money to keep yourself entertained if you are staying at a Caesars Entertainment property.
5	My husband and I were recently in Vegas, and watched the Legends in Concert show at the Flamingo. It was a great show!! The performers were realistic and very talented. We had VIP seats-in a booth, which was the perfect view for the show. The front rows who faced the stage were able to participate in certain parts of the show. The performers on this day were Madonna, Adam Levine, Michael Jackson, Whitney Houston and Elvis. I really enjoyed the Elvis, he was "young Elvis" and was fantastic! Each song performed, the women in the crowd got more and more worked up!. The Adam Levine impersonator had a better voice, than the actual Adam Levine. Michael Jackson was very good, as well. Each performer was accompanied by a live band and dancers. It would be a worth while show even if there was now 'headliners/performers" because the band and dancing is good enough to have the show to themselves. But all the performers were top notch. Overall I totally recommend this show to anyone (young and old alike!)
5	A great show and great performances!  My favorite was the MJ performances, but ALL were great!  The Flamingo was a great place to have the show too!  It had a great atmosphere and was close to everything on the strip!
3	I got discount tickets on travelzoo and we were able to seat 7 of us in the same table.  It was a great show, the performers were fantastic.  There was NO drink service here.  None at all.  They wouldn't even let you go out and bring something in.  While we really enjoyed the show, it was a 9 pm show and we would have really liked to have a drink with it!  We were in VEGAS!
3	Think of a high school musical.  That is what this performance reminds me of.  The choreography was not that great.  The performers, well, let's just say some were better than others.  The show featured "Madonna", "Michael Buble", "Michael Jackson" (the highlight of the show), and "Elvis".  The band was great...but the musical numbers...were largely the B side of the hit singles.  Oh, and the venue, really uncomfortable seating at tables.  Our straight ahead view was at the fire exit at the side of the theater.  You had to turn your chair to see the stage.  Poor design.  Hint...don't pay full price...there are a lot of other 'better' shows out there!
5	I loved this show!!! I grew up in the 80's so i dressed up like Madonna and had Michael Jackson everything. I was so thrilled to see how great the performers did their job, because i felt like i was n front of the real performers. The whole show was great . I want to go back and take my grown kids, so so recommend it.
4	We had a great time at the show.  Madonna, Michael Buble, Michael Jackson and Elvis were in the build for our performance.  We would of liked to see Lady Gaga and Cher, but we understood that every performance will be different.  The performances were wonderful.  We couldn't  help singing along with them.  It was a lot of fun.  After the show you can take photos with the entertainers.  Otherwise, you can pay $35 for the photo they take at the entrance to the show.  Free photo opportunity, please!
2	For the most part this show was comically bad in comparison to other Vegas productions such as cirque. We paid about 40 each from a ticket broker, then got upgraded to the front row upon arrival. Madonna - Mildly entertaining but her appearance was not that similarTom Jones - This seemed like more of an SNL parody of a character you never    wanted to see. Similar to how Will Ferrell does Robert Goulet.   Michael Jackson - He was probably second best, but everything about this performance was just a little bit off the mark.Elvis - This guy was pretty great actually. He really nailed the vocal impersonation and had the dance moves down.Over all, with the exception of Elvis, every performer seemed to lack passion for their performance and didn't really have the wow factor you expect from an impersonator at this level. The backup dancers were not very good and definitely out of sync, especially the males. The girls were cute at least. A few of the dancers looked underemployed, but the rest of them were pretty bad.This was a community college performing arts center level performance.I'd say the average age of attendees at this show was about 55. If you're under 40 look elsewhere for entertainment.
3	Lucked into free tickets to last night's show- was seated in the front row, to the right of the stage. Face value of ticket was $70, which seems about right. The featured acts from last night were as follows:Madonna- singer doesn't really sound like her, very forced and doesn't seem to do too much singing, but I could be wrong. Impressive costume changes, but the singer does not look like Madonna until the "Like a Virgin" part. I did like that she interacted quite a bit with the audience.Michael Buble- guy bears a passing resemblance to the singer he's impersonating, and has a good voice, too. Not on part with the real thing, but hey, this is Vegas. Loved this set, probably my favorite of the evening, especially "I Just Haven't Met You Yet" and "Home". Wouldn't mind seeing this guy again.Michael Jackson- despite many reviews here saying this performer was the best by far, I disagree. The resemblance is uncanny and his dance moves are amazing though, I will say. Maybe I'm just not that much of an MJ fan. It was obvious that he was doing very little singing, a lot of lip syncing, and mostly just providing the extra noises and grunts, etc to go along with the music, and little of the actual singing. The dancing though was very impressive. I'm glad "Thriller" was done, and "Billy Jean" was better than I would have expected.Elvis- great hair on this guy, good voice and dance moves, too. Felt that this performer was better than the one from All Shook Up at the V Theater, though this performance obviously has a much higher budget. Did a sampling of all the great hits, including most memorably "Blue Suede Shoes" and "Heartbreak Hotel".All in all, it was a decent show- the dancers really made the music come alive, even when the audio wasn't that great or the performer did not seem to be singing live.
4	We got to catch the show on the first night we stayed in Vegas in the theater inside Harrah's.Overall, the whole show was great. We had Justin Timberlake, Adele, Whitney Houston, The Blues Brothers and Elvis perform that night. They all sounded really good, but my personal favorite was The Blues Brothers. They looked and sounded just like the originals and they were so funny. There was one portion of their set where they asked the audience for a request and my dad shouted, "RAWHIDE!" They then made a comment saying that that person who yelled was probably was Texas and they were right. Oh, they were great.One thing I did have a small problem with was the Elvis impersonator. At first he was dressed in old 50's clothes and hair and then later on in his set, he still had the same slicked back hair but was now in a white jumpsuit. It seemed a bit odd for me to watch because it just didn't go well together, but it was understandable since he didn't have much time to quickly change and do anything with his hair. Oh well, its fine. He still sounded good though.I would like to come see this show again and hopefully see a Rob Orbison impersonator. I was really hoping they would have one when I went, but unfortunately they didn't. Oh well. Hopefully, next time.
5	I got the tickets for this Concert through Groupon for 39$. It was worth every penny! Super great show! Tina Turner was awesome,Michael Jackson was also great, Marilyn was kinda annoying. But my favorite was Elvis! He  was the bomb. Really talented performer.The male dancers were kinda weak and their dancing didn't look professional to me at all. One of them had a belly. Hello! Did you see a professional dancer with a belly? I don't think so. The female dancers were cute and did way better job than males. Overall great show. I will probably come back to see this show when I visit Vegas next time.
5	I dont like Elvis at all, but this "young Elvis" guy was outstanding!  Tina Turner? Not a huge fan, but this lady's voice was POWERFUL.  How could anyone NOT love this show?   For less than $100 for 2 GREAT seats, you will walk out of this show feeling ENERGIZED.  Got to meet and take pics with the impersonators for FREE.  Marilyn Monroe was hilarious as she walked through the audience teasing old men.  Live band was rock'n!  Perfect sound, not too loud but you can feel it.  These impersonators can dance and sing like you would not believe.  Dude, buy some tickets for this!  Thank you fellow yelpers for encouraging me to see this show!  We viewed 04/03/14 at the Flamingo.
3	I had a comp ticket for the show last night.  It's in the Donny and Marie Theatre.  The line to get in was very long, but it moved along quickly.  You stop at the obligatory tourist photo area (I politely declined and I got through without having to pose for a goofy photo I wouldn't buy anyway).Once to the podium in the theatre, an usher asked if I was alone.  When I answered yes, he said, "Walk this way."  No he really didn't but Marty Feldman did.  The usher took me to the front row by the stage stairs.  He took out a felt marker and initialed my ticket and told me to enjoy the show.  Score!  I stopped to see him on the way out.The show began promptly at 9:30 and what followed was a 75 minute show that featured 4 impersonators of famous entertainers.  First up was Cher.  The woman who did this was very good, the best of the four this evening.  When she opened with Gypsies, Tramps, and Thieves she had me from the get go.  Then Half Breed.  Hell, I was in heaven by now.  She not only sounded good, she looked the part, too!  There was audience participation on stage for one poor guy who was a good sport and had fun clowning and singing with her.  I'm glad I don't fit the stereotype she might be looking for to join her on stage.  Besides, I do my scowl well.  It's been practiced enough!Next up was the Michael Jackson impersonator.  He was just OK.  His dance and body moves were much better than his vocal impersonation.  The two better numbers he did were Thriller and Billie Jean.  Next up was the Tina Turner impersonator.  She was the weakest in the lineup last night.  I don't think she sounded like Turner at all.  She mangled Proud Mary as far as I was concerned.  I was glad when her numbers were over.Last came Elvis.  I guess an impersonator show in Las Vegas wouldn't be complete without the King!  This guy was OK.  However, we have so many Elvis impersonators in Las Vegas that many of them would outshine this guy.  He did a credible job but he really had a baby face.  He redeemed himself somewhat in the finale when he did Viva Las Vegas.  How can I knock him too much?The back up singers and dancers were good.  The choreography could be better.  It looks perfunctory at times,  The three dressed in showgirl outfits with head dresses for the Viva Las Vegas number were top notch.Backing up the group was a 5 piece band that had a great sound.  They played well and it made the vocals better.All in all, not a bad show and a nice diversion for a tourist who wants to leave the tables or machines for a break.
4	The night we went they had Tina Turner, Michael Jackson, Shania Twain and Elvis as the performers. Shania Twain was the best and was really into her character. Tina Turner sounded almost like Tina was in the room. Michael had some great moves and did a good job with the songs. Elvis did OK but was really funny. It is a good show to see if you want to listen to some music and relax for awhile. We saw this at the Donny and Marie Theater in the Flamingo.
3	Cute I suppose, but overall, WACK. MJ never showed up!!! That's the only act I wanted to see!!! :(. Anyway, first was Cher. She sorta looked like her, but overall boring. Next was Tom Jones...I laughed so hard when this dude came out, totally nothing like  Tom jones! But, he was def the most entertaining! Tina was sickly looking but could sing. Elvis was cute but cheesy. The best part was that the drinks we're good and strong! Save your money and skip this one.
2	Maybe it's my age or the fact that our group was seated next to a group of people that looked like they stepped out of the TV show Amish Mafia that had BO so bad that we asked to be moved, but this show was terrible! A times I found the performances so awkward I wanted to cover my face. The Marilyn Monroe impersonator also doubled as Shania Twain, which I found hilarious after I finally realized (kudos to her for tricking us). The Tina Turner and Michael Jackson acts really did bring it home though, they kicked butt! The Elvis impersonator was so awful, he was shimmying, thrusting around, I wasn't sure if it was part of the act or if he was seizing.Like I said at the beginning, it may be my age because the oldsters in the crowd really enjoyed themselves, just ate it up! So my recommendation is, if you aren't a current member of AARP, don't bother.
4	This is at the Flamingo in the Donny & Marie Showroom. It is ok its old and they also have the sideways tables or the booths. If you want something to drink you have to go to the little bar and they only take CASH!! There is no one coming around asking if we want drinks.We saw Michael Jackson, Cher, Lady Gaga, Tom Jones and the Blues Brothers. Some were spot on and some were very close. The one who did the Michael Jackson was so spot on even with the Amazing footwork!!It was a great show and worth seeing. They do change the entertainers so who know who you will see!!
2	I watched this show at imperial palace like 5 times and always great, but today was not that good specially the lady gags performer, tha face with no expression at all, what put mask if the most of the mask gets covered by the wig used by the performer and only you can see a part of it and look like a huge purple caterpillar eyes brow, even you show the original video and you can see the hole mask in lady gaga, sorry but true.
4	The show started with Michael Jackson.  Dancing was good, but I miss Michael. No one can come close to him. Cher was great but more raspy voice than the real Cher. I thought Cher looked like Reba. Maybe she is Reba impersonator on the side.The Blues Brother and Tom Jone were entertaining, but not in my generation so I have nothing to compare them to.The highlight of the show was Lady Gaga. She was hilarious with her jokes and an awesome singer like the real Gaga.  She sang Paparazzi acoustically and played the piano.  I was very impressed.I left the show feeling let down.  There were many posters showing Britney Spears impersonator. I wanted to see the fake Britney in her old glory days, dancing to older songs, with better choreography than the present day Britney. Fake Britney never came on. I was sad..
4	So I got tickets for labor day weekend. Sunday, to be specific, the 7:30 show. Great center seats at our own both. We don't have to strain out necks for over an hour like if we would have if we sat in the front. No bar/drink service. Too bad. You can't bring outside drinks in. But you could sneak it in if you had to have a drink.     Cher was on first. Great performance by a great impersonator. Grabbed a bald guy from the audience with a stable threw a wig on him and bam! He was Sonny Bono.     Tom Jones was next and cracked me up the whole time sounded decent but caught the personality of him really well over all. My wife had no idea who he was until he breaks out into "it's not unusual" then she stays doing the Carlton dance.     Lady Gaga comes out and it supports a thought she is lip syncing the whole first number. We could tell. She actually and the rest and had a Damn good voice. Not sure why she had to fake the first number. My wife was singing along and enjoyed this performance the best.    The blues brothers opened with a video of Elwood and Jake taking a"shortcut" on the linq wheel and other monuments on the strip nearby.until they run in from the back of the theater and on stage in classic fashion. I thought they were the best of all but I love the blues brothers so yeah.    The last performer really bothered me. Mostly because it was supposed to be Micheal Jackson. But ended up being a very disappointing Elvis. I confirmed on three diem occasions with the box office Micheal was to perform and this the my main attraction to this venue. This was the older Elvis with high collar  and studded white jumpsuit. The guys voice was too high and he didn't even move right. I could only think to myself that Micheal called out sick and this was their third string Elvis filling in as every other performer was really decent . Man, I would have loved to see Micheal because I heard he was pretty good. Probably won't go back. Unless I get tickets real cheap. Elvis does not get a star.
2	The entertainment value of this show is obviously dependent on the ability of the every changing to recreate the performances of the musical legends.  The featured legends on our recent visit were Michael Jackson, Britney Spears, Bobby Darin, Barbra Streisand and Elvis. Each was talented, but none came close to being spot on. For example, Britney Spears actually sang live rather than lip synched. How unprofessional of her! LOL
1	I called to buy tickets in the balcony section only to find out it isn't wheelchair accessible. As it turns out if I want to watch the show, I am forced to buy the more expensive priced tickets because that is the section where they have wheelchair accessible seating. When I pointed out the unfairness of their system, the ticket agent said that's how it works out. I don't support businesses that have a two tier system based on their patrons abilities. I won't be going to see this show.
4	We used the Yelp30 code for a significant discount on the day before the show. On 12/29/2014, we walked in right before the show was starting, and the usher was kind enough to upgrade our seats to a lower section, at no additional cost.  Performers that night were: Michael Jackson, Barbara Streisand, Bobby Darin, Elvis, and Britney Spears. The performers, including the back-up singers and dancers, and the live band were all great! We enjoyed all the acts and would recommend the show to others.
