4	My Jeep was in desperate need of a very thurough cleaning. I am normally a compulsive clean car gal, but I had let it go over the summer with all the craziness I had going on.I have been to Danny's before, just not this particular location.  This place is located within the Tempe Market Place, and is clean clean clean!  I love how thurough this place is with thier washes.  It takes a little bit longer then other car washes, but I know they will do a good job, so its worth the wait.I ended up choosing the $14.99 wash, which means I got my tires armoralled, air freshener, and a few other goodies for my Jeep.  The service was good, and it took about 20 minutes for everything to get done.  Fortunately, there was not a huge line or anything, so this wash went quickly.I love how they have a variety of different packages to choose from, and I think they also have some ala carte options as well, which is a bonus!  The only thing I dislike about Danny's is they have a reputation for pushy employees and upselling, which I do NOT like at all.  I actually did not experience this at this location, but please be careful, because it happens here!  At other locations, they have tried to sell me stuff like windshield stone chip repair, oil changes and rediculous package upgrades. I don't take to that, and I want what I want.
1	I took my van in to get my gas tank filled up and a regular wash with vaccuum.  After talking to the guy who met me at my car I decided to go for the full works.  I said go ahead and detail it.  Now, I had a meeting to go to, so I made sure that it wasnt going to take anymore than 1 hour to complete, and the worker assured me it wouldnt.  So, I turned over my keys and went shopping.  1 hour later I returned.  My car was not done!  In fact, it had only been washed and vaccumed.  So, I talked to the manager and got a vouchure to come back another day and get it finished.  The next day I returned.  I asked to speak to a manager to complain about the time frame, as well as the fact that in an hour my car had not been cleaned.  I was assured by 2 young men (who came up to me and acted like they were managers) that I would be pleased with the end results.  Almost 2 hours later I was told my car was finished.  But, when I got out to my car, i was astonished to find that it was not cleaned any better than a quick wash and vacuum would have done.  The floors were wet, so they obviously cleaned the carpets, but I found spots that had been missed everywhere!  Now, I am a very clean person.  My friends always compliment me on how clean my home is, but my car can get pretty dirty (i have 5 kids and a dog that ride in it daily.)  So, as I looked around I noticed that the door jams where the sliding van doors open and close had not been cleaned, neither had the a/c vents.  I found a toy under one of the seats, a snack wrapper under another.  Nothing had been cleaned to detail!  I paid over $120 for the detail and gas, and felt that I could have filled up my tank and done a better job at cleaning the car for 1/2 that.  So, I decided to email the corporate office of Dannys.  I explained the situation and many days later I received a response email.  It basically said that because that person from corporate was not at the location they do not know what happened.  They appologized for it and offered me a regular wash and vacuum.  Are you kidding me?!?  What happened to customer satisfaction?  So what if corporate was not there!  I took the time out to send an email because I was so dissatisfied, that should be proof enough!  Needless to say, I never accepted that coupon, nor will I return to Danny's auto wash.  Prior to this incident I had been to other locations and found the staff friendly and they got the job done to my satisfaction everytime.  However, due to the experience I had at the Tempe location, as well as the experience with the corporate office I will not patron any Danny's locations in the valley.
1	The exterior of my car was filthy.  I mean really filthy.  However, the interior had recently been vacuumed and cleaned.  When I pulled up I told the associate that I just needed the exterior done.  He looked at me like I was an idiot and proceeded to tell me that they don't do exterior washes.  Then he snidely suggested that I try a car wash down the street if I just wanted an exterior wash.  If he would have taken two seconds to stop being a jerk he would have known that I had wanted to get the exterior of my car washed and waxed.  I wish I would have just turned around and went somewhere else, but... I didn't.  I got the basic interior/exterior deal.  The car was clean in comparison to how it was before, but there were watermarks and gunk still left on the car.  I also was a little annoyed that their employees spent more time talking to each other than working.  I have a sense that this place would be great if you had a really nice car and got the premium detail, but for the basics its pretty useless and way overpriced.
4	I really dislike getting my car washed.  I just cannot stand all the sales bullsh*t.  Sometimes I just want a basic car wash and that is it.  No wax, no fragrance, no oil change, no windshield chip sealant, etc., etc., etc.   Yet every car wash place keeps pressing the upsale crap and tries to give you "the deal of the day".  Well I guess it is a business and they have to do what they have to do.  Anyway, this place is no different and have come to expect the sales pitches.I've been here about 6 times since it opened and they have always done an excellent job washing my car.  The price is reasonable but yes, it is a ripoff just like all the other places.This past weekend I got the interior of my car detailed and they did a great job.  No, I didn't get 'sold' the detail as I was planning to have it done for a while.  I definitely plan to return in the future.
2	i live very closes by dannys so when i need an oil change i usually go there because you get a free wash. well, not anymore. my gf was flying in to PHX and i had about 45 mins to kill until she landed. i decided to get my oil changed. i asked the guys how long, both of them said 20mins, 30 mins at the longest with the wash. i said okay, well 1 hour later, and a gf who had already landed i finally said "listen, i need my car now". they said its almost done, we still need to wash it though. i told them no, just give it to me. they gave me a slip for a future wash, which is fine, but the problem is they tell you 20 mins it should be 20mins, 30 at most. next time, i'll drop it off at the mechanic or go to jiffy lube. oh, and i forgot to mention the sales guys. my god. i told the car wash rep i needed an oil change, he asked me about 12 times to upgrade for $3 or $6. literally 12 times, are you kidding me? that is bordering on harassment. its bad enough and i'm a guy, my poor gf is really offended by the constant badgering. then the oil change kid, he asks if i want to upgrade to today's special of synthetic oil for $62.99. wtf? first off, the price is scribbled in pen directly on his clipboard. obviously, it is the that same damn special everyday so just our everyday special. also, how dumb is this kid that he can't remember the prices. dannys really needs to get their act together. go back to basics. train these sales people better. its fine if you want to offer me once to upgrade, maybe twice, but that is it. i will give credit to dannys for the design of the lobby and the aesthetics. but all the great goes to crap when you have terrible customer service.
5	I recently just wrote a bad review for Francis and Sons car wash because I was a regular and the service was going downhill. I went and got a car wash at Dannys.. Never been happier.I am used to a Glass salesman and the car wash upsell pressure... I did not get any of that with Dannys. All they asked was if I wanted to bump it up to the VIP wash, I say no and they are fine with that.Everything else was great. A bit expensive, but they make up for it with their service.
2	I consider myself a pretty patient person for the most part. However, that flew out the window in this situation. I needed to get my car wash and I heard good things about this place, so I decided to try it. I pulled up and there was 3 choices to choose from and I wanted to know the difference between "the works" and "the vip" since there was a $6 difference in price. The guy literally said, " your dashboard is shiny" I laughed and he said he was serious. oookkkkkkk weird. So then I said I really want my car vacuumed and trash cleaned out and asked which one I should get and that I was willing to pay extra.. he said "the works" is fine because as you can see on the sign it says vacuum. RUDE. So I got my car and it was shiny and smelled nice but there was still trash and it looked it they barely put a vacuum near it. I kindly asked for them to vacuum and he took my car for 2 minutes and THERE WAS STILL TRASH and ughhh so annoying, I got in my car and said see ya could of done this myself. Never going back there again. Never.
1	I went to Danny's three days ago because I was in desperate need for a carwash and had a little extra cash to get it done right. The carwash itself was great, all clean and just what I needed. HOWEVER, the service I received was absolutely horrendous.I have never even yelped negatively before but this experience was definitely worth going out of my way to let others know what is going on there. I am almost embarrassed to say this, but the man working at the front almost had me in tears because I did not buy one of his suggested packages. He offered me 7 different "specials" and when I told him for the 4th time (still being very nice and passive) that I only wanted the works car wash and that was it, he told me, "If I was smart, I would have gone online and gotten a coupon but too bad it will be full price today (while laughing at me shaking his head)". I understand he probably makes commission of these packages and deals if he sells them, but he went as far as to bring my intelligence into question. After this encounter I was thinking about just leaving and he had the nerve to get down and point out on my car that I was being "irresponsible" for not fixing the water damage on the front of my bumper. Of course he had an easy solution for me that involved buying another package (seriously... the 8th offer now!). I finally snapped at him and told him I did not want anything else just the works wash and that was it. He told me that wouldn't have happened to my car if I had waxed it. I him that I hand waxed my car 2 weeks prior, twice. He told me that waxing your car only lasts for 2 weeks --- WTF?!  That is not true! I am so sick of being taken advantage of as a female going into carwashes. It is the same drama every time, there is always some BS story that they try to sell you in order to make an extra buck. You better believe none of this happens when I am with my boyfriend, dad, or any man who looks like they know a thing or two about cars. Funny thing is, the only thing he didn't offer me was to fill up my gas tank (probably because it only benefits me). I rolled in there with my empty light on... maybe that would have been a clue? ...guess not.
5	There are some places that just wow you with their customer service, this was one of them. I happened to get a flat tire shortly after leaving my condo.  In a state of panic I pulled into Danny's car wash... It was shredded to bits!  While I was weighing my options, a few of the staff happened to come by and offered to help me out.  They changed the tire and bent out my rim. This happened almost a year ago, but I was so taken back by the level of customer service I had to leave a comment.  Not sure about the car wash, but I can comment that their service is second to none. Thanks again! :)
3	Given that my car was really dirty, I would give it an OK. They have an early bird special from 7:30 to 8:30 where all their combos are 6 $ off. Other than that, the basic service will be enough. The next one didn't do the wonders they say and they seemed more eager to put the essence than to remove the dirt spots. The real pro is the gas price you get with this.
5	They did an awesome job!  I had been to this Danny's Family Car Wash about a year ago and last time, I was annoyed by how much they pushed upsales even after I said no thanks.  Although, I didn't want to go back after my last experience but decided to visit them again because I had spilled something on my light tan interior and they had the best prices for interior shampoo.  They must've been reading the reviews because they have definitely turned their service around - they were wonderful this time!  They did offer upgrades but after I said no thanks, they didn't push and were really nice.  Although, the stain had sat for a while and they were still able to get it out.  Another plus is that they stuck to their promised time... they said it would take about 1hr and unlike other car washes I've been to, it was done in 1hr and the interior was spotless.  I recommend going in the morning, they have an early bird special - $6 off every car wash.
4	Danny's has a 72hour rain guarantee and always has a coupon on their website.  They do a good job inside and out.  They have an express wash that only takes care of the outside that only costs $5.00.  They will try and sell you extras and they will discount the extras if you ask.  If you buy gas there with the wash the gas is about 15 cents cheaper.
4	For a large car-wash company this location does a really good job at washing your car in a timely manner. They are also willing to haggle with you over the price and additional services which is always nice because you feel like you're getting a little extra that you wouldn't normally ask for. The window replacement guys are still there and hover around your car like a vulture, but I always tell them that I have an appointment already and don't feel like cancelling it. I also like that Danny's keeps your license plate on file so you can acquire free washes without having to keep another frequent shopper card. Another huge plus is they are one of the few full service washes open on a Sunday.
3	Abridged: Sales people are a little condescending. Prices are pretty over the top for anything above one of the three wash packages. One of their employees doesn't know that brakes can squeak some when wet (like after a car wash).Unabridged:I've been on a hunt for a new go to car wash and decided to give Danny's a try after a disastrous attempt at another business and a discount I recently found out I was entitled to. I had an hour to kill before a dinner appointment at Tempe Marketplace, and figured it the perfect chance. The man that met me at my car tried to read me at nearly every point in the conversation and adjust his next line/tone appropriately, but made it very apparent he was doing so and it almost made me walk out. I told him I needed a wash and a hand wax and that I had an hour tops in order to have this done. He tried to then sell me on a detail, which my car didn't need at the time. After I told him such he's like "Oh yeah. Looks like you are right on track of what your car needs and when. The inside looks fine."AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.I was glad to get away from him and inside.I went and paid and the inside is your typical upscaled car wash approach that's happened as of late. There were some televisions playing various general channels, some snacks, some random shit for your car, some blue mountain greeting cards (I totally thought those were only e-cards from the mid 90's) and some various seating where you can watch your car at different stages. You can also watch outside which is nice. I like to watch my car when it's being washed, serviced, what not. I like to know what's going on. Call me an overly possessive parent and you are probably right. My car's my baby. Sadly, I had to move three times in the process of my car being washed to keep an eye on it. I wonder if they do this on purpose. When it was done I stood up to head over. A man asked me if my brakes were bad, to which I responded no and then asked why. He told me they made a loud noise. When I told him it was probably because they were wet he insisted it was not and that I should get my brakes checked. Ends up they didn't make any noise at all, it was another car and he didn't know what the hell he was talking about.On the good side, they did take damn good care of my car, so the next time I feel a little feisty after a long day, I'll head over here to have my car washed.
3	Well, for $20, I guess I can't complain about my clean car, but let's discuss the process of how it became clean from the dirt magnet it was originally.I pull up to a "sales" guy who tries everything under the sun to get me to buy everything I DON'T need for my car. After telling him twice "no" and letting him know that I only want the VIP wash and that's it, he asks me what fragrance I want and such. I let him know and also tell him that there should be no "conditioning"/Armor-All types products on my interior. He says he'll make sure of it.I pay, watch my little pride and joy go through the wash and watch as the guy drives him off to the lines to be finished..... in the longest line that already has 5 cars waiting while the other 4 lines only has 2-3. WTH? Luckily for me, it was the line right next to the waiting area.  Goodie! Now I can watch how they "detail" my car.After 15 minutes, my car finally makes it up far enough to warrant any attention. After a little bit, I notice the girl conditioning the interior! I walked and asked her to stop because I this isn't what I wanted. She said ok. After a couple more minutes, she's on the other side of the car... doing the same exact thing. I ran up and this time was a little more firm, without yelling, and told her that I already asked her to stop on the other side, so please stop. Her response? "It no Armorall." Lovely. I reiterated that I really did not want that done. Her supervisor comes over and she says in Spanish, "This fat chick is telling me how to do my job." I looked at her supervisor and her and let them know, in Spanish as well, that I understood and I want my car completed now so I can leave. Then the ass-kissing started. I just told him to take her off my car, get it done and hurry up so I can leave. Within a couple of minutes, I was in my car, driving off.......Sniff, sniff.  Damn, no fragrance. Luckily, I saw this coming (last time they forgot as well) and bought my own. I'll wait another month for the staff to turn over and then I'll try them again.
1	I'm sitting here at the front of this place at 530 and the car wash guy tells me it is closed. They can't help anyone else! Really? I bet if your manager was here he'd think otherwise. I mean change your freaking hours then .... I miss good work ethic... Oh well, back to Cali I go....
2	If you enjoy being called "boss" by condescending guys desperately trying to upsell you on services you don't need, then you'll love Danny's.Otherwise, be prepared to fight off the push for the following services:  a discount on a fill up on gas (hopefully they won't lose your cap like they did mine); then a "VIP" wash (which I once opted for only to receive the basic); then the synthetic blend upgrade; then fixing the chips on your windshield; then "wet sanding" your headlights; then an air filter for $18, no $15, no $12 dollars; and then the coolant, transmission, and power steering flushes (which they always happen to be running a "special" on for one price, then a lower price once you reject the first one). Oh, and then the fuel cleaner. And then, you get to wait in a room where they hope you'll buy more stuff, and wait you will. Then you'll wait again outside, until some guy yells your name, calls you "boss", and gives you your keys. No matter the price, the human psyche has it's limits, and Danny's seems on a mission to wear it down.
1	I would give 0 if I could. LADIES DO NOT GO TO DANNY'S. THEY ARE THIEVES I took my car in for a wash and an oil change. They came back in and told me that I needed additional fluid changes. They showed me the fluid color it was supposed to be etc. Normally I always say no and just take it in to the dealership. But since I hadn't taken my car in for the first 30k service, I decided to go ahead and just get it done there (I looked online at Honda and Danny's was cheaper for the services). When I returned home, I found out that my fiance had actually already taken my car into Honda for the 30k service and everything had already been completed 4 months ago. My fiance took the car back to speak with a manager, had the receipt and detail from the service that was performed 4 months ago at Honda. The manager refused to give back any credit or refund, instead he said, "well your fiance is a grown woman and could have refused the service."  Thanks, I was only basing my decision on what your mechanic had recommended; if he had been wearing a sign saying- LIAR, I would have known better.  A-Hole They are complete liars. Do not go there.
2	Everyone always complains about the pushy salesmen. I concur. Luckily, I very seldom fall victim to their tactics.  I roll down the window and very politely but sternly tell them EXACTLY what I want without letting them interject (the neck tattoos might actually be a positive for me in this regard, no one ever seems to question my desires).  Asked for NO interior dressing, no fragrance. When waiting for my ride to be finalized, I see a female staff member soaking the interior with armor all, and when I asked her to stop, she was unable to answer in English.  Water spots, streaks, let over wax, no tire dressing, armor all all over inside, employee dirty shoe marks on tan leather. Overall, quite a SHIT job. Not worth a single cent of its cost. And what's the point of complaining? It seems that all car wash establishments separate themselves from any accountability on behalf of their employees.  I honestly have not been able to find a decent car wash establishment the entire summer, not sure if it has anything to do with the heat, but it always seems to be an incompetent staff that could give a flying fuck about your vehicle.  I understand that every car can not be washed in detail and that employees probably don't care that much about others' property, but there is absolutely no pride or integrity with any of the work they put out here.  And I've been here multiple times.  I would not recommend this place to anyone unless management steps their game up.
1	I went to Danny's on Rio Salado for a car wash and oil change. I wanted a deep interior clean as well, so I was prepared to spend the $75 or so that I did. They did a credible job with the interior and exterior cleaning (although there was still lots of dust  on my bumper, which I felt they should have been able to tackle), but as I was waiting inside for everything to be done, a man came in and called me up to let me know my radiator fluid was "dangerously" dirty and - guess what?! - incredibly, they had a special for $99 to do flush it. I told him I happened to be heading to my mechanic in a couple of days so I would take care of it then. My mechanic didn't find any problem and obviously the guy at Danny's was full of shit. Any place that conducts their business like that will never, ever get my business again.
4	This is a review about Danny's in general, not the car wash, which is just one aspect of the business.  I haven't used the carwash, so this shouldn't be considered to apply to that aspect of their services.While I maintain as a general matter that reviewing a gas station is a somewhat absurd proposition, I felt compelled to do so for this station in light of a recent scathing review I wrote about a nearby competitor.  I find myself at Danny's almost every day since it's between my house and school, and I never really paused to think about why I stop in here instead of the plethora of other stains nearby.  When I did actually stop to think about it, it turns out there are actually quite a few things I like about Danny's: good prices, great selection, reasonably fresh food, very clean and modern facilities, and fast and friendly service.  It's hard to differentiate yourself as a service station, but these guys just do it right.  It's just an overall good experience.  That, combined with being locally owned, is enough to keep me coming back.On the downside, they do hold a $100 charge on a credit card when you pay at the pump, but that isn't a deal breaker for me anymore since apparently that is not an uncommon practice in the Phoenix market.Oh, and a big plus for me is a nice little detail: free air!  They are one of the few places I've found around here that don't charge a buck to put air in your tires.
1	We have been going to this place for the last three years now. Latley,we have noticed that their service was going down hill. Our vehicle still had bird poop and some dirty spots. But on Saturday, they not only showed how their service was going downhill but they showed us how horrible thier customer service is. Our vehicle's rim was scratched by some careless driver that was driving it up to the automated car wash. They have windows up in the waiting area where both me and my boyfriend saw him do it. As soon as the vehicle came out of the carwash, my boyfriend went up to the the manager to complain, sure enough there was a big scratch to prove it too. The manager not only called him a liar sayin that was impossible to have ur rims scratch but he made it seem like it was no big deal at all. He just kept sayin he would have someone write and incident report and kept shruging his hands. Needless to say it is time to look for a new place to wash our vehicle and be loyal to.
4	I've gone here a few times now, they did a good job on the car wash and I enjoy that by buying gas-- I get a free cookie inside the market.
1	If I could give less than one star I would. Went in to Danny's at Tempe Marketplace yesterday for an oil change. I decided to upgrade the car wash to "The Works" for an extra $3. When I got my car back I opened the drivers side door to immediately notice the carpets. They did a terrible job vacuuming. I would honestly be surprised if they told me they vacuumed for more than two minutes. I bring it to a car wash expecting it to be returned to me in a cleaner state than I dropped it off. They slacked on the quality of service I would expect from this place.  Not only were my carpets dirty, but my window and roof of my car had TWO bird poops stains that were still there. I find that unacceptable. There is no excuse except laziness. I even upgraded the car wash to make sure those would be taken care of. I then notice that the interior of my car still had dust and scruff marks on the doors. Those could easily be taken care of with a rag. This was not the first time I have been disappointed with Danny's but I guarantee you it will be my last. I highly suggest to avoid this place at all costs. I have even wrote to Danny's to let them know my feedback privately and I have yet to hear from them. Stay away and spend your money elsewhere. Wherever you go will be sure to do a better job than this place.
2	I've been to Danny's several times and every time I'm disappointed and wonder why I came back.  It is conveniently located, but that's about it.  My last experience I pulled in and my car was extremely dirty and had lots of bugs on the front grill and roof rack.  The attendant suggested I upgrade and spend $40 for the hand wash and wax.  I thought that would probably be a good idea and made sure I specified that the reason I was upgrading was to get all the bugs removed.  I was told it would take them about 45 minutes and I was willing to wait.  It ended up taking twice as long.  They did do a good job on parts of the car, but I still found bugs on the front grill.  When I mentioned it to the attendant he never offered to do anything about it and at this point I wasn't willing to wait any longer.  Unfortunately I forgot to tell them not to use Armor All on the inside of the car.  They used Armor All on everything....why do they think that's appropriate for the entire car?  I've tried rubbing most of it off and I know it'll eventually wear off, but really!  Also, they failed to rub out some of the wax and I ended up having to finish the job at home.  I will never, ever go back!
1	Went to Danny's car wash before my wedding dress fitting. Put my custom made $300 wedding shoes and other things I had in my car in my trunk because my mother in law had had things stolen from her previously at a danny's car wash. Car wash was fine, clean car and I tip the guy. Get to the appointment, open up my trunk, my things are all there except my wedding shoes are gone. Had to call the manager and some how the shoes had snuck out of my trunk and into the hands of the car wash employees. Got the shoes back but I will never be back to Danny's Family car wash. Don't get your car washed here if you want to hold on to your possessions!
2	They ALWAYS try to upsell me and tell me things are wrong with my car that need to be fixed immediately. I don't know if they think they can take advantage of me because I'm a girl and admittedly don't know much about cars, but it's really annoying. Also, they don't really make it clear when your car is finished being serviced. I usually try to bring a book to make the time pass quicker. I only come here when I have extra money to spend. And, when I feel like being a princess, as they gas up my car for me. $20 for an interior "detail" and exterior wash isn't horrendous, but I know of places that will do it for less.
1	I took my car to the location on at Tempe Marketplace today around 1pm... and I am very displeased with the service I received. When I first pulled up there were cars ahead of me which is fine but there was a guy wearing a "customer service" shirt just standing there (leaning up against a gas pump) not doing anything. After I pulled up and sat there he made no effort to come see what I needed or if I had been helped. After a few minutes another car pulled up next to me (closer to where he was standing) and he walked over there and helped them before I was serviced even though I was there first. I dont know if they are only suspposed to help designated "lanes" but I found this very rude. After I had to wait a few more minutes FINALLY another person came out and helped me. After waiting 40 minutes for my car wash to be done (since when does it take so long really?) they finally called me and I get in my car expecting it to smell fresh and clean..however, it smelled like vinegar and a sweaty person that probably just been cleaning it. It appears they have forgot my air freshener...I dont have time to discuss this because my lunch is over and now I need to get back to work. But, I am very displeased. I had poor customer service to start, a long wait for my car and then it smelled awful. Long story shot, it looks okay on the outside but I am going to need to freshen up the inside. Yay. Ugh.
2	I wish I had read the poor reviews on Yelp before getting my car washed here. First, the positives:1 Star - Price was reasonable. $18.99 for the Works and $3 off with student ID! I didn't have any problem with employees pushing for upsells. The cashier explained their $60 for $120 worth of basic washes as a Black Friday special. I politely declined and she was very pleasant throughout the transaction.1 Star - The waiting area is nice, equipped with TVs playing sporting events.Minus 1 Star - As nice as the waiting area is, I didn't want to sit there for a half hour without anyone telling me my car was ready. A man would periodically come in and call people by name or their car model so I assumed they would do the same for me. I was wrong. Apparently, they were only calling people who were getting detail work done. Finally I got up and looked out the window and saw my car parked way on the other side of the lot. I went up to the cashier and asked her if they were going to tell people when their car was ready because I had just been sitting there for 30+ minutes. She turned to an employee who had come in to cash in her tips and told her they should be calling out the cars. I didn't wait for the cashier to respond to me and walked out.Minus 1 Star - Exterior: There was grease on one of my hubcaps and near the wheel well! What the heck! I'm going to have to get a towel and clean where they screwed up. Minus 1 Star - Interior: As soon as I got into my car it smelled horrible. They clearly did not put any air freshener that was supposed to come with my wash in there because it smelled very strongly of an unpleasant soap or detergent. Yuck. Also, my biggest pet peeve about car washes, they did a poor job of cleaning the center console/cup holder area. Still sticky with soda residue. Overall, I would not recommend and I will not be back. My search for a decent carwash continues...
3	Located quite conveniently at Tempe Marketplace at the entrance easiest to go through to get to the Harkin's movie complex it provides the convenience of a twofer, see a movie and get a clean car on the way out. As far as car washes go it is quite efficient but, it's a car wash so it's okay. The big thing is that it's convenient and if you get the deluxe option, for about $18, you get a solid wipe down and vacuum of the interior and the wheels get special attention so they look extra shiny...just remember, tip the wipe down folks, they deserve it. :-)
1	Dannys Car Wash is the WORST car wash in Arizona. HORRIBLE customer service. Manager Juan Delgado at the Tempe Marketplace location is a total jackass. I brought a BRAND NEW car to Dannys for a minor windshield repair and they TOTALLY RUINED the windshield.  To make matters worse, when I went to the General Manager (Juan Delgado) to complain about this issue he was extremely rude, laughed and blew me off.STAY FAR AWAY FROM THESE CAR WASH CLOWNS.
1	They will add extra charges to your bill that are crazy. They steal, damage your car and take zero responsibility! Read the reviews, they are all bad! Go anywhere else but here!
1	Let me say at first that I went to this place a few days ago and this was my first and last visit to that place.I completely REGRET going there. Not because of the money but for what the DID to my car.I brought in my 2013 black Audi for a VIP wash. I elected to go with the hand-wash because I was afraid the automatic wash would scratch the paint.I also told the guy that took my car that I have micro-fiber brushes and  towels that I want them to use and he said yeah sure I'll tell the guys to use them.Well,Here is how it went:1- They hosed my car with water in the open under the heat of the AZ sun!!!! End results: the sun dried the water leaving plenty of WATER SPOTS in my car!!!!2- I opened my trunk after they were done and found my micro-fiber brushes and towels UNUSED. instead they used those red-rags that filled my car with swirl marks.. my car looks awful.. it's freckin horrible.. If you weren't gonna use my towels why on earth did you say you would!!! HAd I known they would use they're crappy scratch-maker towels I would've driven away and not left my car in the hands of careless people who could give a sh*t about one's car.I WILL NEVER GO TO THAT PLACE AGAIN. IF YOU HAVE A NICE CAR THAT YOU SPENT THOUSANDS ON, DON'T RUIN IT BY BRINGING IT TO THIS PLACE.Now I have to get my car clayed to get rid of the water spots and puffed to get rid of most of the swirl marks (not all of them) which will cost me over $250!!!!!!!!I'm so disappointed and very regretful for brining my car to this place. NEVER AGAIN!!
1	It's one thing to get your car back from a detail and not have it clean, which it wasn't,  its a completely different issue when the car comes back in worse shape than when you dropped it off. Dropped of my car. When I picked it up the rear passenger window was taped closed. They said it was down when I dropped it off. It wasn't. They said it didn't work when they tried to roll it up. It worked when I dropped it off. Spoke with the general manager. Since ultimately it was my word versus theirs he refused to be any help. Terrible customer service. Avoid Danny's at all cost.
4	Always friendly. Really enjoy the waiting area. They always have some type of special deal during the week. Check  out their website to see those deals. I alway like the Early Bird special on Saturdays before 9am. I will mention, sometimes they miss things so go over your vehicle before you leave to make sure your car is the way you like it. I have a dog and I always have to ask them to vacuum a litte better.
4	I had a great first time experience here - and I hope it stays that way!I purchased their Groupon for the 3 works washes - such a good deal.  I go to get my car washed early - before work - around 7:30AM - right when they opened.  They did an excellent job, I was very impressed.
1	Incompetent. Went for an oil change, a few days later realized they hadn't bolted the splash guard back on. Went back to them to have it fixed, I pull up and explain what was going on and that it needs to be remedied. The guy at the pumps where you pull up to starts trying to talk me into a car wash! Seriously? Your establishment just messed up a simple oil change, I don't want you guys anywhere near my car anymore. Anyways, they pull it into the garage. "Bolt" it back up and hand me the keys. I don't really trust them at this point so I decide to check it out for myself, and good thing I did. THEY MISSED ANOTHER ONE! At this point I had had enough. Save yourself the hassle.
1	Terrible. My boyfriend originally bought a car wash and detail only for it to take FOUR hours and they didn't even get to the detailing part. Why would you sell a package thats going to take you hours to get to? So I brought the car back on a week day, and it took 2 hours for them to get to it and another hour and a half to finally finish it! They did a good job and were apologetic, but we won't be going back.
4	This place is not too bad. I have to say it is just like a lot of the other Danny's around the Valley. That is not a bad thing. Probaly good, because, you know what to expect.I jsut got a regular car wash. They do a good job. They are fairly fast no problems.That is good and I like it. I tipped when leaving , they work hard here.It is no easy thing to do in the heat all day.I work outside all day and I know it is hot out there.I would come back any day.If you go really early during the week( before 9) there is a discount. Maybe next time I will try to get there early as well. Missed it this time.
1	Well.... IF they took as long as they estimated (1-3 hour estimate -- they were not done at 4 hours), and IF they did a good job (they did not even look at the ceiling -- spots i was able to wipe off w/ a napkin were not touched, the inside of the console was not touched), then I could give them more than one star.  I am so disappointed. The manager apologized saying he was short-staffed.  Well then: don't misinform about the time estimate!
1	I got several items STOLEN from my car during my last car wash at this location. I was using my 2nd of 3 groupons for a car wash. It took me a couple of days to realize it, but I had 1 pair of sunglasses, 5 CDS, and 1 iPhone charger stolen out of my center console during my car wash. I would still go back again to finish using my groupon and also because it is located so close to me. Next time I will empty everything out of my car first.
4	It seems people's experiences here sure are hit or miss. I'll start by saying I'm pretty obsessive about having a clean car and try to wash it myself. Even so, for much of my adult life, I've been a frequent patron of full service car washes. In the last year or so, no matter what car wash I go to, the experiences have been so bad I've pretty much stopped going. Like, I really want a clean car but don't want to deal with the A-holes that work at these places. For many months now, I have been avoiding the Francis and Sons right near my house because of the extremely pushy upsells, even though their cleaning crew consistently does a great job. I even had the guy that vacuums the car once treat me crap when all that I did was - nothing.Anyway, today I was pleasantly surprised. NO upsell and in all, a simple, easy process. Their loyalty program and discount ($3)was effortless and the guy in the white shirt (shift leader?) that finished my car was articulate, friendly, and the car looked great. You guys keep this up and you'll have a regular. I'm knocking off one star because though they did use the air hoses on my car, a lot of water leaked out under my tail lights after I drove off. I've done this myself and know you can do much better.I can't help myself but to note two of the worst things that have been causing me to just avoid car washes all together lately:1. The worst: the rude and pushy upsells at nearly every place in town. I don't mind one, but after I decline, stop. And for sure, don't treat me like a loser/freak/weirdo/outcast just because I don't want your $30 car wash.2. Having to actually ask the guys to use the air hoses on my car and then acting like I'm a complete ass for asking. WTF?
4	Great!I purchased the 3/$25 works car wash from Groupon, great deal.The staff was friendly and helpful, the waiting room was very clean and comfortable.  I went on a weekday morning, the car wash took no longer than 30 minutes, and my car (which was a mess previously) looked great.  No water marks, clean windows, clean interior.I took off one star for three reasons:1) They did not clean my trunk's interior.  Next time I go I will ask them to do this, I assumed interior meant the entire interior.2) I was confused as to where to go when I first arrived, there is not specific signage as to where to go.  My hesitation made me feel dumb, but the staff was really friendly and did not treat me like a dummy when I asked where I needed to go.3) I waited inside, but there is no system in place to let the customer know when your car is done.  You can wait outside and watch your car being finished, but its Arizona, and I would rather not.  My car was done for about five minutes before I realized this fact.  But they finished my car so quickly that the extra five minutes did not bother me.Yes, I did encounter some issues going to this car wash, but they were minuscule, and the benefits greatly outweighed this negatives. I will definitely return, even after my Groupons are used.
1	This location is awful. Not only do they continue to nag you about what your car needs to get more money from you, but they also give you incorrect estimates both with time and money. Today I decided to wake up early on a Saturday in order to avoid having to wait longer then normal. The store opens up at 7:30, I arrived at 7:45ish with very few cars in front of me, maybe one or two. After explaining what I wanted he gave me an estimate of less then one hour. After being there for two hours I attempted numerous times to determine how much longer I had to wait. Needless to say, no one even came up to me to let me know. After the three hour mark, my car was "ready." I arrive to my car and the cleaning was sub-par. The windows were streaky with remnants of cleaning product still visible and there was dirt in obvious places. The part that really pissed me off was that my dash display was completely dirty, it was hard to read the speedometer. I feel I have given this place enough chances to prove me wrong (been to this place 5+ times) and I am never completely satisfied. Long story short. I wouldn't recommend coming here even if it's free.
1	This is a prime example of a business that doesn't take responsibility for doing a poor job. They aren't detail oriented, they operate like a machine, and they damaged my car. When I spoke to a "manager" about it, they claimed it was already damaged when it came in which is a funny thing for someone to say when they just looked at my car for the first time. And then it's another to refuse to look at any security camera recordings for me to show that it wasn't the case. Life moves on and now my business goes elsewhere.I've had issues with the overall quality of the wash at two Danny's car wash locations now and I won't be back. Be warned!
1	Skip it and go elsewhere.  The guy writing work tickets asks how he can help.  "Oil change and car wash please."  He mumbles something into his arm, shakes his head and writes $62.95 on the ticket, just assuming a $30 upsell.  Uhhhh, yeah - no kid.  Have a great sales career at the car wash, that's as far as it will be going.  On the plus side there is a nice waiting area with a fish tank.
2	I needed an oil change on Sunday and the place I normally go to was closed, so I thought I'd try Danny's.  They seemed to have a good reputation in the valley, so I didn't have concerns with the quality of service.   I couldn't have been more wrong.  The technician came back after a few minutes with an appropriately long face recommending along with the oil change, I should get the cooling system flushed and the transmission fluid replaced.  A little less than $300.00 later, the job was done.  That night, while driving, the car unexpectedly overheated.  I checked under the hood and to my dismay the top radiator hose has broken free from the nozzle and a crack developed in the radiator.  Coincidence?  Maybe, but, at the very least the technician should've explained the flaw rather than just deliver as is.  The next morning I took the vehicle to the dealership as I didn't trust anyone else at this point.  I didn't get away from the dealership for under $3,000.  To be fair, there were other repairs done, but a significant portion of the bill was due to the unprofessional work completed at Danny's.  If there's a lesson learned here, it would be to leave more complex maintenance to people who know your make and model better.  I totally blame naivety, but expect more integrity from an established business in our area.  Danny's Family Car Wash, my suggestion would be to stick to just car washes and leave people's vehicles alone.
1	Slowest car wash ever! Over 50 minutes for a basic car wash in the middle of a weekday..
4	Came here today to get my bosses car washed. Purchased the express wash and they were friendly and speedy. I would not get my car detailed here however. I had my car detailed at Auto Addicts Detailing and his prices were significantly less. His attention to detail is amazing.  I HIGHLY recommend Auto Addicts if you are looking for a detail.
1	I went to Danny's today on 83rd and Bell.  Im a long time Danny's customer back to when they had their first car wash in Mesa.  I went in specifically to have my car detailed interior, leather conditioner and a wax and polish.  Paid 120.00.  When I picked up my car it still had water spots on it.  Should not have it had been waxed, windows were dirty and the inside was definitely not detailed and I know they did not use leather conditioner.  When I asked for the manager the detailer that worked on my car took off for about 10 minutes then Chuy the manager shows up.  He asked the detailer to clean off the water spots but said the rest was fine.  Really the dirt and grime in the doors when you open them up is okay and the interior that still had spots from where my coffee had a blow out one day were considered cleaned and conditioned.  Not to mention the dust still all over the dash.They would not refund my money and I had to spend another 120 at Francis and Sons who actually did it right!  They went above and beyond at Francis and Sons because they felt bad I had been ripped off so bad at the competition. They even pointed out some problems I was not aware of like the overspray on my car that Danny's did not clean off before waxing.  The wax would have started cracking in a few days since they did not clean it.Stay far away this company has serious problems going on.  I did not want to believe all the recent negative publicity but now I can tell its true.
1	This is my second time writing a bad review about the terrible experience I just had at Danny's. Last time, they responded to me and gave me a free basic car wash, which was nice however it did not fix the problem that they have at this business. I am a female in my mid-twenties. Almost every time I go to Danny's I get harassed to upgrade or fix all these things that the workers find "wrong" with my vehicle. Yesterday, they went to an extreme I never thought I'd see. As I was waiting for my car to be done, I heard them call my car name so I got up and the guy is standing there with my air filter and my oil cap. He tells me about my air filter which is nothing new because it's literally like clock work - I now know what they are going to say to me about it since they have to show me every single time. I would never, ever pay them extra money for things they "find" wrong with my vehicle because I have NO trust in their employees. So I told him no I don't want to do my air filter today.. not only did he not take no for an answer, he said "No no no .. what if I did it for $20?"... I said.. "No I don't want to do it today". He replies with "Well what if I did it for $17?" ... I said "No.. I really don't have money to do that today." and  he replied with "Really? Come on what if I did it for $16? You sure? You really need it!" - I felt so violated that this man would not take no for an answer, I had to literally stop talking to him and walk away because he kept trying to pressure me. As I walked away he said "Who did your oil change last time? Whoever did it really messed up your oil cap .. here look at it it's broken here and here (he is showing me the cap in his hand) and I told him.. "You did! I have the receipt in my car!" The reason I kept the receipt is because last time I went to Danny's they forgot to put the sticker on my window to remind me when my next oil change it.. I have kept the receipt in my glove-box from June so I could keep up to date on my oil changes. The look on his face? He was SO shocked and embarrassed. Here is he bashing whoever did it because since there was no sticker there so he didn't think that Danny's was where I went - but it was and I STILL have the receipt to prove it. So what did he say? After the look of shock settled in on his face he goes ".......oh well um we don't have these". REALLY?The reason he wanted to show me it was broken was because he wanted me to buy a new one from him. But the second he found out that HIS BUSINESS broke it .. instead of offering to replace it for free he just says oh well we don't have it so ya. The icing on the cake? As I walk to the cashier the woman working the registered giggled and goes "He's such a sales guy huh!" - So is this the business they run? They hire disrespectful snakes as their employees? And they back each other up?  I am so disappointed in this business. I will be sure to spread the word about how they run are this location - it needs to stop.  It is convenient to get a car wash while you get your oil changed, but trust me it is NOT worth it. Stay far far away!
1	Holy Crap are they slow!!! It took almost an hour today to get my truck washed and dried. Not to mention that I pulled right up and they started to vacuum because no other cars where there. And who are these clowns they have working there??? Please bring back the Mexicans! At least they where hard workers and had a sense of urgency. Nothing like watching employees with their pants pulled down around their asses looking all confused trying to figure out which side of the towel to use to dry your vehicle. I think I will take my business elsewhere.
1	I have been coming here for years because of the wonderful service and how clean my car would be, well all that was ruined today. My boyfriend and I both came in for a wash, he got the  detail and vip wash and I got the carpet cleaning  and vip wash.  They were not terribly busy we showed up around 1pm my car was not completed for over an hour and a half and my boyfriends took over three, but the wash was piss poor they didn't even clean my side runners, they were still covered in dirt and grim none of the dead bugs on my hood were cleaned off and the inside windows on my car were not cleaned,  that was just my car.  My boyfriends car like I said took over 3 hour and likewise his wax job was half assed and they did jot clean the windows. I will NEVER come back, ever. The funniest part was they tried to up sale me while we were waiting for my boyfriends car to be finish. I felt like saying why would I buy more of your services when my car wash was so pitifully terrible a .  Not a happy camper at all!!!!!!!!
1	Sent my son down to get his car washed. Checked with him later and found they did a horrible job. Dash was not cleaned and the interior looked like it had not been vacuumed. I contacted the company through their email but no reply. I guess they do not need my business.
4	Had a less than mediocre wash done here a few days ago- I was already late for another appointment so I didn't have time to wait around. I  called the manager to express my concern (Chris) who was extremely apologetic and asked me to bring the car back for them to redo. I wish it had been done right the first time but I was glad the management has enough integrity to make sure their customers are happy. Thank you Chris- because of your customer service I will be back.
1	Worst quality car wash I have ever experienced. Today 12-2-2013. They told me my truck was ready and dirt was still on both sides. Tires were dirty and only partly covered in dressing. Interior dash was still covered in heavy dust (they didnt even touch it) and windows were dirty. No quality control at all. Just an assembly line of mediocrity.  I pointed out the dirt and the first guy acted like I was being an idiot. Another (white shirt) guy came over to remedy the situation. Told me to come back later and they would do a VIP job for free. That's nice and all but I already paid. Now I have to waste more of my time? I really want to give them a chance but I am never satisified with the work.
5	Fabulous service from Will & Ellis at Danny's. My broken ankle made it difficult to get around & they did all they could to make me feel comfortable while my very very dirty car was being cleaned inside & out. I appreciate their professionalism, from the walk around the car to look for anything odd (my car had a panel that needed to be popped in) to the subtle, but not overwhelming suggestion to buck up & get the outside waxed. Thank you guys! Good job!
3	I have been going here for years and they WERE amazing! After getting into trouble with the law they suck now!! A dude that was supposed to be working on my car was leaned up on a pole talking on his cell phone. I've gone there twice since the change and can say I won't be going back anymore. Sad since I loved it before.
1	They left the edge of my carpets dirty and my carpets soaking wet, it took days to dry out. Then one day I thought I would be nice and have my wife's car detailed...They did a decent job, until she informed me that they stole her Ipod.
2	As convenient as this place is given the proximity of their locations to my work and home, service has semmingly gotten worse over the years. The last 3 times I've had my car washed, I got it back to see that the dashboard had not even been wiped, nor the console and cup holders cleaned. And, beware Joe Shmoe always trying to convince you to buy more you typically don't need. As soon as you drive up, 3 people will start observing your car for *anything* they can convince you you to need to have fixed.
1	I am sick to my stomach... I have to submit a star as a way of rating this %# hole!! I opened this YELP account for the sole purpose of writing this review...... I will follow up with pictures, but do not have time as enough time has been wasted... I am not sure how to put it.. I waited just 40 minutes for my car to go from the gas pump to the Auto-wash area talk about speedy service... After 40 minutes I made the manager aware of the long amount of time it was taking for my car to get into the bleeping wash.... He explained the reason was a car in front of my car was full of dog hair that needed extra attention and it took 35 minutes to vacuum...40 minutes to get it in the wash....!!   I am not exaggerating the times here!! To put this in to perspective you know the point where they complete the glass and interior well 70 minutes had gone by and I was at the 3rd car back in this line!!! This is even after notifying a the manager KEVIN Duche!!! All in all my car never made it to the interior cleaning or glass cleaning area.. It simply finished drying in line in line... I had the manager pull 2 cars out of the way so I could leave... The chalk is still on my windows from where they documented my wash and the time I arrived 12:31 PM... I didn't leave until 1:46 PM and my car STILL  didn't get dried or the interior cleaned... COME ON MAN!! FIRE KEVIN THE MANAGER... This GUY IS A FN JOKE... THIS CAR WASH IS A JOKE.. THIS PLACE IS GARBAGE bring the immigrants back holy %^&^!~!  I am so pissed off I wish we lived in mid evil times ... NEVER TAKE YOUR VEHICLE HERE EVER!! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED...
2	I've been using Danny's for a few years now and I'm more then a little sad at my experience today.  I went during my lunch break hoping to have a short line, which thankfully I did.  I apparently wasn't the only one who had this idea however and quite a few people showed up behind me.  I walk out to wait for my car after paying to find it was break time, watching a couple of the guys walk away conveniently right before the influx of cars.25 minutes later my car finally rolls out to the drying area.  I'm hoping the long wait before my car made it out to be dried meant special attention was being paid for the VIP carwash I had paid for.  Sadly this was not the case.  It appeared a vacuum hadn't even made it to the passenger side of my car nor had they bothered to throw away some of the trash that was on that side of the car.  This wan't the only thing that was missed.  It was clear that several sections of my dash hadn't been touched either.I've had a bad experience at some of the other locations over the years but never this one before today.  I think I'm going to just wash it myself from now on...
2	I had a rental that was not clean so they gave me a voucher for this place. When I get their they act just like any other car place ask what is going in the trash and what is not. When my car is ready no one came and got me or let me know. I sat in the lobby for 20mins "watching the news" till I just walked outside seen my car and got the keys. When I got into my car it looked as if they never washed the inside at all. Things I explained was trash was still there, the juice,soda, crackers, hair, and ect was still stuck to the leather and between the seats. Highly unsatisfied I could of saved interprise money and did the job myself
5	So after my bad experience I called the place and spoke to Kevin, he was kind and let me know it would not happen again. He offered to fix the situation by giving me a free car wash. We spoke for awhile. I just arrived and he knew who I was remembered my name and told me to get comfortable. I am more than sure my next visit will be better from now on. And I encourage people with problems to call Kevin and I'm more than sure he will correct the issue... It's the smallest things that matter
2	In my experience this is by far the worst Danny's out there.  The only reason it doesn't get one star is because they are close to the mall. I only take my car here if I'm desperate.  The one off raintree is better.  This one aggressively up sells you. To make matters worse they left streaks and water marks on my car...obvious ones....and it was a VIP hand wash.  They also left coffee stains in the center console which means they didn't clean that.  Drivers side mirror water spots.  Even forgot to remove the chalk they put on the window.  It was here 45 minutes.  Seriously take some pride on your work.  I always tip well but I'm done with this location.  If you want your car to look like it was actually washed take it somewhere else.
1	If I could put - 5 stars I would.  Worst damn car wash on the planet!  Received a free wash from a friend.  Decided to upgrade to the VIP Wash ($20), only to have almost nothing washed, my antenna ripped off, dirt and dust everywhere.  The attendant ended up telling me he didn't even work in the detailing department.  The new car smell didn't even remotely smell like new car and everything was so slick it was all over me everywhere my skin touched.  I came back to my office and started cleaning my car myself.  Couldn't be more pissed off!
1	Normally I would write a great review about this place but today our oil change/ car wash took 4 hours!!! The quoted 2 so we came back after two and when asked repeatedly when the car would be done they kept saying any min as we waited for another two hours!! Get it together Danny's !
1	I think I'm done with this location. I paid for a hand wash and agreed to have them do the leather conditioning for $10 more. What I got was dirty rims, and an interior that wasn't even touched with a vacuum. So had I not complained they would have taken $10 for nothing. Beware when you come to this location. It use to be better but has went downhill. Other Danny's are better. On a positive note they are less pushy here as other car washes.
3	Had I not talked to the managers Chris and PJ I would have given Danny's 1-star. I've taken my cars here for a long time and traditionally they had always done a great job on my high-end luxury cars. However, since their large staff turn over (Thanks Jan Brewer & Sheriff Joe) the quality has gone down significantly. It appears that Chris and PJ are trying to right this ship and turn it back into a relatively decent car wash but I am not so sure that is possible given the work ethic of the new employees. I do think that the new management team is better than the previous management and they seem to genuinely care about customer satisfaction.
1	The people who work here will spend more time flirting with their ugly coworkers than they will ever spend trying to help customers.
1	Second time here and if it wasn't for the free coupon I wouldn't have came back....I don't like this car wash there's too much going on these guys are so busy they don't do an efficient job. .. The whole front end of my car was completely ignored the windshield still had splattering of bugs.. I'm done with this place
2	I am debating 1 or 2 stars.... I am not a very picky person - it doesn't take much to make me happy. However, I have had my car cleaned at various Danny's and I am honestly never happy. The job is less than average, but sometimes I just want a cleaner car, quick and easy. There are always spots missed, sometimes I take time to point them out and they get addressed, other times, I just want to be on my way. Today we got "The Works". The guy said our window was chipped and if we signed up to get it replaced through them, today's wash would be free. We declined and noted that there were no chips. I always detest the window repair piece.... They didn't do much of a vacuum job and didn't bother to clean out the cup holders. I pulled the Dyson out to the garage and did it myself when I returned home, on Mother's Day. I also cleaned out the cup holders and retreated the leather seats. $15.99 for what they did and 30 minutes more of my own labor, it looks nice now.
1	Don't waste your time and money at this carwash. The man that greeted me when I arrived was very unprofessional and was constantly trying to upsale me... All I wanted was an simple wash and he wanted me to pay $80 for some detail. Screw that!
1	I am done with Dann'y Car Wash.  Got the VIP wash Friday and when I got in, they had spilled a spray bottle of glass cleaner on my seat, there was armorall all over that had not been wiped in and the dash board looked like it was half done.  This place is a joke
1	If you want something stolen....come here!
1	I'll start off by saying that I've been to Danny's several times before and they've done a (mostly) decent job washing my car, especially for the price. After my last experience I definitely will NOT be bringing my business to Danny's and DO NOT recommend you do either. After I left Danny's (on Highland) I noticed I had a big chunk of paint missing from my drivers-side rear bumper. It looks as though it scrapped up against something. The peel was fresh as all the paint had not peeled off. Admittedly, I had already waited almost 2 hours, after being told it would only be about 35 min for a wash and wax, so I was eager to leave and didn't give the car a full inspection before I left the property. I went back the next day to let the manager, Chris, know what had happened and he was very dismissive about my claim. This was after waiting almost 25 minutes for him to come to the front desk. According to him, all he knew was that I did it myself and was blaming it on them.... sure dude. I don't have proof that anything happened at Danny's but the fact that they weren't willing to investigate was very bothersome. Moral of the story we've called corporate and they were again very rude and dismissive. Did I mention they hung up on my wife? I don't expect Danny's to look into it and I don't want them to pay for my repair. Just want people to know this is how they treat their customers. Thanks Bye.
1	I hate this place, and cannot wait to move. Shamefully I come here often because it's the closest gas station to my place (I live across from the cubs stadium) everything here is over priced. Gas is always 10 cents higher than market price. I wouldn't have a problem paying more if they paid it forward to their employees.The service is great, but they pay their workers a poverty level salary. I will not continue to support this trend.Can't wait to be using QT as my regular gas station once I move. At least they pay their employees fairly!
3	**Original review from 5/20/2011. Updating new profile.**Well, for $20, I guess I can't complain about my clean car, but let's discuss the process of how it became clean from the dirt magnet it was originally.I pull up to a "sales" guy who tries everything under the sun to get me to buy everything I DON'T need for my car. After telling him twice "no" and letting him know that I only want the VIP wash and that's it, he asks me what fragrance I want and such. I let him know and also tell him that there should be no "conditioning"/Armor-All types products on my interior. He says he'll make sure of it.I pay, watch my little pride and joy go through the wash and watch as the guy drives him off to the lines to be finished..... in the longest line that already has 5 cars waiting while the other 4 lines only has 2-3. WTH? Luckily for me, it was the line right next to the waiting area.  Goodie! Now I can watch how they "detail" my car.After 15 minutes, my car finally makes it up far enough to warrant any attention. After a little bit, I notice the girl conditioning the interior! I walked and asked her to stop because I this isn't what I wanted. She said ok. After a couple more minutes, she's on the other side of the car... doing the same exact thing. I ran up and this time was a little more firm, without yelling, and told her that I already asked her to stop on the other side, so please stop. Her response? "It no Armorall." Lovely. I reiterated that I really did not want that done. Her supervisor comes over and she says in Spanish, "This fat chick is telling me how to do my job." I looked at her supervisor and her and let them know, in Spanish as well, that I understood and I want my car completed now so I can leave. Then the ass-kissing started. I just told him to take her off my car, get it done and hurry up so I can leave. Within a couple of minutes, I was in my car, driving off.......Sniff, sniff.  Damn, no fragrance. Luckily, I saw this coming (last time they forgot as well) and bought my own. I'll wait another month for the staff to turn over and then I'll try them again.
1	The guys were sure good at looking like they were doing a good job. Too bad I didn't take a good look before I tipped them and left... Spots all over, bugs still on the windshield, dusty crumbs still on the inside and my car is only a few months old. It wasn't even very dirty...
1	This place is absolutely horrible. I took my BRAND NEW car in to get it washed and after it came out and they called me to get my car, there's was a GIANT crack in my windshield that ran from top to bottom. I almost screamed I was so upset. Upon asking them what the hell they did, they explained it was already there before. EXCUSE ME? I think I would have noticed my windshield cracked in half when I drove it here. They wouldn't do anything about it either. My car was also very dirty still. Absolutely ridiculous.
1	This is always hit and miss. I just went and got the works and added leather treatment. My car was dirtier then when I dropped it off. I was one of two cars and 12 employees. Not pleased.
1	Go to this place if you would like horrible service and a huge bill. I paid $100 to get my BMW detailed and was told it would take an hour-hour and a half. TWO AND A HALF HOURS LATER I looked and saw no one working on my car for at least twenty minutes. Then had to beg them to hurry and finish because I had to leave. When my car was finally handed over to me the cup holders were full of disgusting water, half my car wasn't cleaned and my windows had streaks. What a complete joke. Thanks for nothing Danny.
1	Not a good carwash or experience. Only two people working outside. Poorly done hand wash. Not impressed at. This is the third Danny's location I have tried. Over the years the quality continues to go down. I will not be coming here again. To top it off they jeep dragging the air hose over the top of my car. :(
5	I was afraid to try this place given the bad reviews. I have gone here for regular car washes but my car was in serious need of detailing. I went when I had time to spare (Sunday morning) because the reviews said over and over car washes took longer than expected. I asked how long to expect and was told 1.5 hours. I spent about an hour walking around Tempe Marketplace then went to the waiting room. I told them I returned and I got a time estimate of 45 more minutes. They did go over by quite a bit (I was there 2.5 hours) but they did a great job.  One of the guys even came to ask me if I had spilled yogurt on my back seat and I had several years ago and was amazed. He did an odor treatment to the cabin filter for no charge because he said the odor was trapped in my filter (he was right). For years I have kept a box of baking soda in my car for that reason. He increased his tip by $5 for that one!They did a great job although I lost my antibacterial gel (minor loss). But after I tipped the guy over 20% he went over the exterior of my car again with a cloth to make sure he got everything.Go with plenty of time or have someone pick you up while you wait. A nice tip will help for those final touches. Maybe I got some good people but I don't think this place deserves 2 stars (the average).
3	After seeing some of the reviews before coming, I was a bit scared to go, but I decided to try and give Danny's a chance anyway.  I got a deal for $50 to shampoo my mats and seats. The guy told me I would get the V.I.P. Car wash but that was not what I got. I don't think it was $50 worth of my money for the whole service because once I got my car, there were still spots on my car that needed to be cleaned- i.e. There were still dead bugs on my front bumper and dirty spots on the back of the car. Some places in the car were also dirty too.I gave them a fair tip because I felt bad for having to ask them to clean those spots again for me, but I should have gotten my money's worth. It was a disappointment but I was happy that the other people in the end helped me.
1	I usually don't write bad reviews but this one I just have to. I am very upset with the result and the service!! I paid $50 for a carwash because I had a little paint spill in my trunk and because my car was a little dirty from the rain. I asked them if they can remove the paint spill for me and they said "of course! Just a little shampooing and it'll go away." Well first of, the paint spill in my trunk is still there just like before. Second off, they used the sponge that they scrubbed the paint in my trunk with to clean around my car. Now there is little dried up paint spots all over my car, inside and out. Like who in their right of mind would do that? Thirdly, my car took about 2 hours and the guy that was working on my car, spent more time looking around and talking to his coworkers than working on my car. My car is brand new. Everything is still very clean, just a little dirty from the rain and had a little paint spot in my trunk mat but that's it. Please don't ever go here. You'll ruin your car more than anything. Since it was hot outside, I tipped them $10 afterward which now I regret doing because they surely don't deserve it with this type of service!! WORST car wash place I've EVER been to.
3	I've been going to Danny's for years so I don't want to kick them in the nuts too bad but my last visit warranted this review.  I have a brand new truck with 5k miles on it so it's very clean to begin with.  Not only did they take 40 minutes to wash the truck (they were busy walking around and doing other things) but when I got it back it was just as dirty as before.  See this picture of the vacuum job they did taken directly after I got home.  I didn't have time to have them re-do it because I was on a tight schedule so in their defense I didn't ask for them to take care of it.  Furthermore I feel like if I "send it back" I'm treated like that douchebag that returns their steak for being cooked incorrectly.The windows still had a film on the inside which was now just a smeared mess.  I had to re-clean everything once I got home.  I like the convenience of Danny's and they usually get the car finished  in a timely manner so I hope this isn't a new trend.  It makes me nervous as well that Danny's doesn't even respond to these reviews because they are very poor in general.  If I wasn't already a customer I would definitely avoid this place based on reviews. (Cobblestone in Tempe responds to ALL of their reviews, good or bad, maybe that's why they have a 3.5 star rating)
1	After two $25 VIP washes, and a $200 Detail, and having to ask a manager to clean the missed dirt, like rims and windows that at a minimum should have been cleaned with the two VIP's, the dirt, crumbs and leather still wasn't cleaned....you have one job....Today I call for the personal articles they forgot yo put back in my car. I asked to split the cost in a refund, after they admit they didn't clean the leather or hand wax, and see the still existing filth, and was told. " All Sales Final". When I pointed out they didnt provide service sold, I was promised that this time they would do it. So,  After two attempts and 7 hours, I'm supposed to try again, because he promises.... no pride in workmanship anymore and unable to provide customer service....sad.
4	I got the "Express Wash"... Only $5, yay!  It was done really fast.  So I was really happy about that!  The only thing that is preventing me from giving 5 stars is that they did a shoddy job drying my car.  I inspected it and had them dry it again.  They're explanation was that "it's only an express car wash - it's not suppose to be perfect".  They dried it again and everything was good to go!
1	They have such poor customer service I won't bore you with details. They broke my truck bed cover and refused to fix it. Claimed they didn't do it. Rude management rude cashiers it is a horrible place to go. Don't do it!
1	I came back yesterday to get my FREE Rain Check wash and the guy informed me that the "Express Wash" is not eligible for the Rain Check.  However, when I first got the wash, I asked the cashier, Joana, if I could come back 72 hours later and get my Rain Check wash.  She said yes.  I looked on their website and no where does it advertise that the Rain Check wash is reserved for only certain washes.  It says, "If you have your car washed at Danny's, you have a 72 hour Rain Check".  Does that sound like it's exclusive to any certain wash?I know it was only $5, but that fact is that they didn't advertise the limitations on the Rain Check.
1	Don't waste your time with this location. I've been here 45 minutes, on a Driday late afternoon, and no one ha touched my car since it came out of the wash.3 other cars have been driven up after mine that have gotten immediate attention. The employees that clean and dry the cars do nothing but complain about their job and and the tips they aren't getting. Wonder why?
1	They do a great job on cleaning the exterior. But if you are looking for interior cleaning, look elsewhere. They did a piss poor job in cleaning the inside of my car. It doesn't even look they cleaned it vacuumed my back seats.
1	Even though this place is clearly within the city limits of Tempe, they choose to charge overly expensive high prices for gas like in Scottsdale. I put in just enough to get down to a quick trip which last time I drove by it earlier today was $.12 a gallon cheaper. Seriously. There is no damn excuse for places like this try to overcharge for gasJust correcting this to say that gas was $.22 cheaper at a quick trip down the road.  Danny's is a huge rip off
2	2 things.  1.  Went in with a coupon for basic wash and upgraded.  I had removed everything from inside my Scion XB, so the interior could be cleaned.  Section between front bucket seats was completely ignored as was the space behind the back seat.  Floor mats were thrown in a pile on the floor2.  Car has roof racks- the guy used a tone with me regarding Danny's not being held responsible if the racks are damaged during washing.  I understand the disclaimer, however the staff member could have been professional versus what I perceived as threatening when describing this.Guys that did exterior did a fine job, however I see no reason to come back and would encourage others not to bother.
1	I normally come to this location as it is convenient.  To begin with, they do a terrible job with any kind of interior cleaning/detailing. I had just had a brand new windshield installed. A few days later I got a car wash at Danny's. When I drove out, the windshield was filthy, inside and out.There was a spot on my driver side window that had been there for the previous 2 washes and they still hadn't gotten it clean.The last time I went there I got an oil change on Saturday. I requested the "Express" change @ $19.99 with the synthetic blend upgrade (additional $20). He calls over the "oil change guy" and just says, "he needs an oil change." The "oil change guy" immediately starts to write up a $59.00 oil change. I stopped him in mid sentence and told him what I wanted...the EXPRESS with synthetic blend.They finished the oil changed and the guy told me they charged me for an additional 2.5 quarts of oil because my car took more oil than most; it's a 97' DeVille. I agreed. I then drove the car home and let it sit; I seldom drive that car as it's not our main car. I went to start the car the following Monday and the warning on the dash said, "Check Oil Level." So, I did. It wasn't even showing on the stick! I started to add oil...and added more...and more! When I was finished I added 2 to 2.5 quarts of oil!I called Danny's and he said, "bring it in and we'll top it off.' I explained that I already did! I wasn't going to drive it around without oil showing on the stick. Initially he offered a free oil change. Which he soon changed to a free car wash. Then, he supposedly noticed that there was a note on the ticket that said there were signs of an oil leak! The car is a 1997 so yes, it has some visible oil on the engine block and/or undercarriage but not enough to lose 2.5 quarts in 8 miles. I add perhaps a 1/2 a month. I was insulted that this moron expected me to believe I lost 2.5 quarts in 8 miles. They forgot to top it off, it's that simple. They put the standard 5 quarts in then charged me for 7.5 quarts. Do NOT trust them with a simple oil change. You could end up with a blown engine.I have had far better experiences with Cobblestone than these idiots.
2	It's like they're not even trying anymore. The ticket guys have attitude and the finish guys leave my car unfinished and sloppy.
1	Horrible service. Got there with 4 cars in front of me, watched 14 cars go by that weren't even in line. Apparently there needs to be someone with a degree to hand wash a car. This is the 3rd time this has happened at this location. No more, I am done with this place
1	DO NOT COME HERE.I shouldn't have ignored the low rating.The wash:-Got VIP wash and the interior of my car was still dirty. (VIP is most expensive of their basics) -Didn't vacuum or wipe the trunk, backseat, or cupholders of my SUV...basically, the details I had paid extra for just weren't done at all. The customer service:-Manager/Supervisor was dressed like a slob and not happy that I brought up the crappy job. However, he said "I see what you're saying" and ran it through the wash again.-The guys at the end of the wash who wipe down the windows/interior were foul and disrespectful-- for example, they were:-revving car engines as they pulled them through the line.-Loudly talking crap about customers. (called somebody a "dumb mother****er" when talking about the car he drove.)-all giving me dirty looks when they saw me complaining to the manager about the crappy job they had done.I wish I hadn't spent the $119 on the prepaid detail, I don't ever want to come back to this place.
1	I chose to get my car detailed at this Danny's today around 1pm.  I went to pick my car up at 4pm (when they told me it would be ready) and not only was it not ready, they obviously did not even start to work on it.  My car wasn't ready until 4:45 (making me late for work) and whoever worked on my car did a half-a**ed job.  I asked for a refund, which was refused, and was given 2 free detailing coupons (which I will use at DIFFERENT locations).  Extremely disappointed.
