5	I love this place. Completely free of the pretense and 'flyover state douchebag' factor that has completely ruined the strip. You can still get a FREE DRINK at this place, even if you're playing a penny slot!! Avoid the strip and come down here to escape the denim-wearing mullet crowd lining up to flop down 400 bucks to see Celine Dion!!
3	This hotel caters to Hawaiians, if you look around the clientele are islanders.  A Hawaiian friend told me that many have their family reunions here so they can gamble and meet their mainland family.  There are special travel agents who book this trip for the islanders.  Too cool!  They used to have an awesome asian buffet upstairs with Hawaiian, Japanese, Chinese and Filipino food.  Heard it wasn't open any longer.  Is run down like the down town hotels but still has character.
4	If you are from Hawaii or are JA, I'll bet you've been here. The Cal is the place to work on that golden arm...
3	This may not be the fanciest hotel, but at least it has character.It's really made for people traveling from Hawaii (it's where I stayed when I won a free trip to Las Vegas), but it's not really a good place to hang out unless you're part of the older crowd or your whole group/family is in the hotel.  It's very far from the strip, so my friend & I were catching the cab everyday to check out the strip.  This place is more low key, and great if you're just in vegas to gamble.  Hell, the airport is a fine place if you're just in vegas to gamble.
4	I came here to go to the Rosewood Bar and Grill and until I read the reviews I didn't realize it was a big destination for Hawaiians and now all the islanders there make sense!  Anyway, having never been there before (one of the very, very few casinos I haven't been to), I was pleasantly surprised.  It is an older downtown casino, but it has been kept up well and looked newly renovated.  Everything was clean, people were friendly, and I didn't run into one sketchy character.  (Although I love the sketchy characters from downtown, sometimes you don't wanna see 'em.)  One thing I noticed is that is was almost eerily quiet and still.
2	This hotel is pretty rundown.  If I'm vacationing away from Hawaii, I sort of want to get away from Hawaii, so the Cal isnt the place for me.  The rooms were alright, but felt old and dirty.  No fridge (I heard alot of places dont have one), no internet in the rooms, but then again youre probably not in Vegas to play WoW, the room is really just a place to crash.  Next time I go on a Sam Boyd tour, I'm picking Main Street or Orleans.Pros:  Its' cheapCons:  It's cheap.
4	Despite what you may initially see....the Cal is a hidden treasure.  Good prices, renovated rooms and gummies.  My husband loves it here, a Las Vegas hotel and casino where you can do some serious gambling without the glitz and glamour that you have to face when playing on the strip.  But if you want some nice mixed drinks, this is not the place....they dont know how to make many.
4	The Cal is a hidden treasure in Vegas.  Just off Fremont street, it boasts friendly dealers, big rooms, and good gaming.  The players club is a must have.  They give you good comps, free rooms, and free play - and you can use it at any BOYD gaming hall.  The food is yummy, mostly catering to the Asian tourist.  They are very accommodating, and because its in downtown, its not as crowded, expensive and glitzy as the strip hotels, which, depending on what you're looking for can be a good thing.TIPs:NO POKER ROOM - bummer.  But the old Horseshoe's poker room is catty corner to the Cal.DON'T order the steak in the Market Street Cafe.  EWWWW.DO go to the morning buffet in the Market Street Cafe.  YUUUUUMMM.DEFINITE DO:  Lappert's ice cream on the 2nd floor.  OMG, good stuff.
4	The Cal, where the waitresses know more about football than you!  Well that's not entirely true, I know my football, but these ladies are pretty damn good.  You know you are in the right place when a gorgeous cocktail waitress,  counts her tips, gets off her shift, puts on a sweater, whips out a sports page and sits down at the sports book.My wife and I play mainly bartop video poker, and by habit I usually sit near a waitress station. You seem to learn more about a place when you are close to the waitresses and bartenders.   There are three good bars to play video poker at The Cal.  My favorite is downstairs, I believe it is called Dave's bar.  They have some nice flat screen poker, and decent progressives that are tied to every royal on the machine. That is where a lot of the football talk goes on.  One of the waitresses is the commissioner of her own fantasy league, and bets pretty heavy on games. Most of the others are at least in a pool, or bet a little. If football is on, they are always talking about it.  The last time we were in Vegas (pre-X-mas 2007) I knew I wanted to make a bet on the Patriots vs. Miami game, but I wasn't sure which way to go.  I made my wife walk down to the Cal with me, so I could see what the waitresses thought.  They assured me the Pats would hand Miami their collective asses, but I didn't listen. I took Miami on the money line, I should have listened.  Strange that I didn't, by all past indicators when cleavage talks, I listen. (Some of the waitresses at the Cal sport some very impressive although tasteful cleavage.) The bars have Margarita/Daiquiri machines with different flavors.  Apparently, when you mix a strawberry, and regular daiquiri it is called a Lava Flow.  We renamed it a "Four of a Kind."  Since we had just hit a few.  When I asked my wife, "what was the drink we renamed a four of a kind?" The bartender remembered us, and said, "Oh that was a Lava Flow."  Pretty impressive really.  Our previous trip was three months earlier. I love the Cal, and plan on joining the Golden Arm Club their as soon as I can stay on a craps table that long.  (The Cal is world renown for its craps tables) Even though we have never been to Hawaii, my wife now roots for all things Hawaiian just because of the friends she has made gambling at The Cal.  We have never stayed at the hotel, but would consider it. We will surely be back soon. Cya soon Cal.
4	This hotel is known for their frequent visitors from Hawaii.  And, it's no surprise.  This hotel has possibly the friendliest staff, dealers, waiters and waitresses, and restaurant staff.  The rooms are large and the  hotel really feels like home.  Sometimes, you're even comp-ed free rooms and food.  I love that the cafe downstairs is open real late and has an awesome & not to mention CHEAP late night menu.  Chicken strips and fries are a mere $4.  The NY Steak is $4.  The OX TAIL SOUP (tons of people's favorite dish) is $7.95, up from $6.95 in November '07.  Pancakes and eggs and sausage or bacon is $4.75 or so.  The food is tasty.  There is a waitress here that we've become friends with. She's awesome as both a person to chat with as well as a waitress. Her name is Sarah.  If you ever have the chance to eat at their ever popular cafe, ask to sit in her section.  She's one of the friendliest folks there. Beware, the food is so cheap you may order tons and not be able to finish it. I love this hotel. The slots are loose.  The food is tasty and cheap.  The people who work here are friendly and ALOHA and OHANA are the vibe in this place. AWESOME!!
4	You know that saying "birds of a feather flock together"?   Well, as soon as you set foot in the California Hotel and Casino you'll swear you're on the "9th island of Hawaii".Personally, I am not from Hawaii.  In fact, I was born in one of the furthest possible states from Hawaii.  However, my husband is a Hawaii transplant with most of his immediate family still living in Hawaii.  Of course when his family ventures to the mainland, they go to Vegas and obviously they stay at the Cal.  When his family flies in to Vegas, we usually come out to visit them and end up staying Cal.  So yeah, that's how a white girl from Pennsylvania ends up staying at the California Hotel and Casino.  Casino (4/5 stars) -  I gotta tell you I love playing the tables here.  It's a great place for beginners.  Everybody including the players and dealers are so laid back compared to The Strip.  If you're playing blackjack and hit on 16 when the dealer is showing a 6, the player next to you won't give you the evil eye.  In fact, most dealers and players are more then willing to help you out with your hand.  To top it off, the "locals" (locals in this case = Hawaiian locals) are extremely friendly, fun to play with and love to talk "story".The casino itself is on the small side and a little outdated.  If you're looking to play the newest slot machines then you better off going to The Strip.  In fact some of the slot machines at the California still pay out in coins (instead of ticket voucher).  If you're looking for an upscale casino experience, save yourself the trouble and visit The Strip.  Hotel Rooms (3/5 stars) - Keep in mind this isn't The Strip, so don't expect the rooms to look like the Bellagio's (or even close to it).  The rooms are kind of like staying at a Best Western.  Not the nicest rooms in town, but hey this is Vegas who wants to spend their entire time in the room.  Plus the rates are extremely cheap, which means more money for gambling!Restaurants (4/5 stars) - Please do not expect 5 (or even 4) star dining here.  The food is average but cheap.  They also cater to the Hawaiian crowd so expect to find local cuisine.  Check out the Main Street Caf after midnight for $4 prime rib, Aloha Specialties for killer local cuisine (my husband swears by their saimin and tripe stew) and Pasta Pirate for a cheap but decent pasta/seafood dinner.TIP: Be sure to get a players card.  The card works at the California, Main Street and Fremont and the comps really do pay off in the end.  My in laws usually get room and meal comps every time they visit.Summary: If you're from Hawaii and want to stick by your "flock", stay at the Cal.If you're from Hawaii and really want to get away from Hawaii, then go to The Strip.If you're a mainlander (like me) and want a low key Vegas experience without all the fluff, stay at the Cal.
4	So its real late at night you partied like you can't party anymore and you want grinds...where do you want to go for comfort food for Pacific Islanders...CALIFORNIA Hotel & Casino.  This place should be called Locals  because that's basically it.  I went with my family right after the club and it was basically Hawaiian "Locals" in a casino in the dry desert not in an island. :) You can get loco moco,spam musubi, spam, eggs and rice,ha ha! For cheap and soo good!  My cousin had the oxtail soup special and it was like home cooking, so yes obviously my family can relate to the food served here.  The service was on point especially early in the morning.  Our waitress was patient, kind, and down-to-earth we didn't have to really tell her much because she brought it out already. If you're into late night cheap eats and feel reminiscent of Hawai'i eat here.
5	Just returned from a delightful family reunion at the new renovated Cal. Compared to the "old" rundown hotel we used to stay at, this new place gets my five star recommendation. The rooms were small but very comfortable for a budget-priced traveler. The air conditioner kept things cool and worked flawlessly. Not like in the past. Comparing this to the Main Street where we thought it was one step higher, this hotel is much quieter with no trains to deal with at night.Foodwise, the Marketplace downstairs had the best juiciest full prime rib dinner for $7.95 which includes a salad bar and cherries jubilee for dessert. The oxtail soup still hit the spot at $7.95 which is served from 11pm to 9am in the morning.Didn't understand the complaints about the service? The bellhops were right there on top of things and very courteous. The maids were very efficient and friendly. I could not find a single thing unpleasant about the whole trip. Didn't make any money gambling but who cared?
3	If you like people from Hawaii or know somebody from there you will find them gambling their saving away here! Every time i come here i see a friend or relative, they have a great plate lunch place up stairs, the Pasta Pirate and Redwood grill are good too! As far as luck in gambling i cannot play here i might as well throw my money in the door and leave, but for friendly service and a kick back party place its great!
4	If you're looking for a nice place off the strip and downtown at a really good price, Cal hotel is for you.They remodeled a while back and the rooms are pretty nice. The rooms have a flat panel tv and the beds and linen are comfy. They have an outdoor pool in the west tower but not the east. They have adjoining rooms if you want adjoining rooms.Its downtown and near Fremont street so you can check out the Fremont street experience nearby. You can always drive or catch a taxi to the strip.It is Hawaiian themed and geared towards Hawaiians. They have a Hawaiian restaurant (cash only) inside too that is good.We stayed a couple nights (sun and mon) and it was $50 a night.7/20 - 7/22/08.
4	the whole family come down here when we want to eat hawaiian foods, something similar.  on second floor is aloha specialties restaurant and best of all their oxtail soup in the market street cafe, located on first floor.
4	I love this old hotel in Dowtown Las Vegas!  It has a great Hawaiian theme  and a very relaxed atmosphere. It may lack all the lights and live entertainment at other casino's, but if you want a nice place to gamble and hang out with friends, this is the place.The food here is also great!  You can get one of the best Las Vegas Prime Ribs here for under $10.  The macaroni salad at the salad bar is pure Hawaiian.  They also have an awesome streak house and a Hawaiin diner.If I don't use my timeshare or just want to go to Vegas for a weekend, you can bet my room will be here.
4	This review is for the restaurant in the hotel that we ate at. They served up $3.25 breakfast plates ( 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, 2 sausages or bacon strips), $4 half pound steaks (with a side and veggies), $4 chicken strips with fries!!! So inexpensive. This was after 11 pm though, called the graveyard menu or something. Also the reason we came was for the oxtail soup! They accept the Hawaiian coupon and serve portugese sausage. The food was great and I hope we go back someday.One tip, if you want to order a steak Medium Rare.. it will be rare.
4	For being a hotel off the strip, this is one of the better choices.  It looks run-down from the outside, but the rooms have been remodeled in the last few years.  I dislike that housekeeping barges in at 8am...I hate that I forget to put the "do not disturb" sign on the door.  The rooms are not luxurious, by no means.  But I'm definitely comfortable taking my shoes off in there.  There are plenty of table games and slots.  The players club card offers good rewards.  I get 3-5 night complimentary rooms each month which keeps me coming back about twice a year.The food is...eh.  The cafe is decent.  Kinda like a Denny's.  The steak house is less than good, in my opinion.  The buffet at the hotel next door (it's attached) is good.  And I love how this hotel is close to Fremont Street.  Just walk on out!
4	Met the parents out here for our Christmas get together.  Since they're from Hawaii, this is were they come because this hotel caters to Hawaiians.  I feel like I'm with my peeps!  Git all kines, hapas, haoles, pilapinos, chinkies, etc.  I turned to my dad at dinner and said, "Who's watching the island?"  Obviously no one, because there was a blackout!Since my parents are frequent guests, they get these coupon books to use in the hotel restaurants.  So all our meals were comped.  The cafe is great!  It reminds me of either Denny's or IHOP in Honolulu.  The breakfast buffet is kickass!  Where else can you git all you can eat portagee sausage, eggs, and rice???The last time I was here, my room was great.  The one I'm in now is okay, but it's starting to show it's age.  I told my mom we need to stay in the other wing because those rooms were recently remodeled.  The building we're in now was remodeled 3-5 years ago and probably needs to be updated.The only thing that sucks is that there is no internet access in the rooms.  I had to walk over to Main Street Station and do this review in the lobby.  Oh, another thing that sucks is the smoking.  It's everywhere!  Oh, wait, one more thing that sucks is the cable tv.  I've been watching NCIS because that's really the only thing on.  Overall, I really like this hotel because my parents are happy here.  And they always run into someone from the islands...whether it's friend or family.  I like old Vegas much better.  The strip is exciting, but it's nice to be away from all of that.Oh, they also have this kickass plate lunch place on the mezzanine and Lappert's ice cream.  Apparently, there's an ABC market somewhere as well.,,I haven't seen it yet.  The staff and tourists are pretty friendly.This place is not for everyone.  So if you come here expecting something grand and flashy, you'll be in for a big disappointment.  But, if you want something different and down to earth, this is as close as it gets.   I probably would have given 5 stars if we were staying in the new wing.Haoli Makahiki Hou! (Happy New Year!)
4	I got room here for a couple of days after Christmas, and the room rate was $40 a night, not bad. For being in downtown, not a bad place to stay. It's not the Nugget, but not bad. I like the walkway that connects the California Hotel to Main Street Hotel & Casino. I usually play at Main Street, cuz I have better luck at the craps table, and can play for hours at the bars poker machine and get free beers (Porter, Black Chip) and watch the Sports on the TV's. When your luck has turn bad, there is a great 2 cent machine that pays if you got the time. Its all for fun. Now for the food. If you like Hawaiian food, try Aloha Specialties for Loco Moco, Chicken with gravy, Spam musubi, Saimin, Teriyaki plates, etc... At the 24 hour Market Street Cafe, the breakfast buffet is pretty good. I love the late night Oxtail soup, which is served from 11pm to around 9am, or when they run out. Market Street Cafe has a regular menu, but the line last night for the oxtail was amazing. people from teens to seniors were in line for it. If you like walking around in shorts, tee shirt, slippas, then this is the place for you. So relax here, and the $5 tables are great too. Fremont Street is good entertainment for their light show at night, and you can dart in and out of all the other Casinos. If you want to go to the strip, it's only a $20 cab ride to the Venetian. Only caution I have for you is, if you hate the smell of cigarette smoke, do not gamble here from mid afternoon til three in the morning, well that's when I go to bed. Early morning to noon is good.
4	When you think Vegas, you think Nevada.When I think Vegas, I think California.What? Huh? Is this girl geographically retarded?  In most cases, yes. But in this case, no. I know exactly what I'm talking about.  When someone says, "Let's go to Vegas!" drive straight to California.Mahalo!Okay, puns aside, the California Hotel&Casino is sooooooo near and dear to my heart.  When I was but a fresh-faced 21 year old, the friendly dealers at California were the first to teach me how to play all the table games (besides craps. I still don't get that game).  When I say "friendly," I'm actually UNDERexaggerating.  These dealers are fun, friendly, laid-back, and just GREAT for newbie gamblers as I once was.Now that I'm older, wiser, and a much better gambler, I stick to the high-end hotels on the Strip (the comps for gambling on the Strip are much better), but after losing a grand in blackjack, I can't help but nostalgically lament the days when I could play for HOURS with just $100 (thank you, financial aid!). Downtown casinos have the LOWEST minimums!  Honestly, I learned how to play at a $2 table.  Granted, the older I get, the higher my base play gets, but still... It was a wonderful learning experience.  The dealers cheer you on, they don't get all annoyed when you don't know the rules, and they're just... super chill.My surrogate mother Camille (we adopted each other when I yelled at a player who was being unnecessarily rude to her) is a blackjack dealer here, and she's always full of fun stories and anecdotes to entertain you while you donate your money to the casino gods.Downtown LV, especially at Fremont Street, is definitely an experience you should have.  So many Vegas snobs only stick to the Strip, when there's a plethora of things to do and explore downtown!  Go to Mermaids, which is right next door, and get your neck adorned with cheap plastic Mardi Gras beads by the Chiquita Banana girls (that's what I've always called them), go to the ABC store and stock up on all your Hawaiian knick-knacks, and always wait for the light show before you take your leave!And after a night of debauchery at any of the awesome LV Clubs on the Strip, grab a cab, head down to Cali Hotel, and grub on some Oxtail Soup!  Their graveyard specials cannot be beat, in taste or in cost!  When I first drove my friends downtown to the Cali for some after-clubbing grub, they all looked at me skeptically.  Trust me when I say that they're all now converts who worship this wonderful little gem.  Order anything (they have a truly strange assortment of food, so everyone will find SOMETHING they like), and chow away!  Ask for the guava juice! I LOVE GUAVA JUICE!Or, if you choose to get your Cali Hotel fix in the daytime, definitely go upstairs to the Hawaiian joint and load up on various saimin, musubis, udon, and loco mocos!California has a defniite Hawaiian feel in Nevada.  Shoot.  Go there, and tell all your friends back home that in one weekend, you went to California, Hawaii, and Nevada.  Good stuff.
5	My buddy arrived to Las Vegas from the Obama Inauguration and brought his bad cold and loud hacking with him.  He should have kept the two there in D.C.  No chance!  So he asks me, where a good place to go for some hot soup.  The Doctor has prescribed the saimin at the "Cal.  Yes, this place is the Ninth Island of Hawai'i.  The 24-hour cafe had the $4 steak and sticky rice special.  Auntie loved the oxtail soup, which was as tasty as the saimin.  And cheap, too.  If you have run out of luck and got a bad cold, put your parka on and head for some 'aloha to the 'Cal, the Boyd ohana will take care of you at the Cafe.  Mahalo.
4	This place was grrreat!!! The rooms were clean and the food was cheap... and I don't care what anyone says, all the native Hawaiians are cool. All the table games were cheap enough for a weekend but they still took most of my "designated" gambling cash. The only problem I have with this review is not the hotel, but the area. The whole Fremont experience blows ass. The street was covered with trailer park, white trash, thuggish ruggish, drunk-out-of-their-mind, slutty, scum-baggy people. Luckily I didn't see any of those peeps in the California. The rooms were the best part but why didn't I give the full five stars?.. we paid $14.99 to watch "Role Models"... they saw us coming....!!!.. hahaaa
3	Now this is the place where all the Native Hawaiians and all hang out.  I find that fascinating that there are microcosm of gambling cultures within Vegas, and this was one of them. I ate the Spam Musubi there many times, and was pleasantly surprised.  The hotel itself seemed good enough too, and the casino wasn't as packed as the ones on Fremont St itself.  Since I hate crowds, it was easier for me to handle.
4	This is apparently where Hawaiian families take their Vegas vacations.  Decent casino, won some cash at the sports book.  Older (and very well-behaved) clientele makes for a fun, quiet spot to re-group for a while.  If you've got a hankerin' for some spam give this place a shot, most of the restaurants serve some kind of Hawaiian foods.  The spam & egg sandwich from the upstairs restaurant is actually pretty good and helped me shake a pretty moderate hangover.
5	Update:  Just went back to Las Vegas for a trip after 4 years of Vegas sabbatical, I returned to The Cal.  By far the best place downtown.  Some of this might be because downtown has "gentrified" and the other places that used to be charming are not.  I hope enough of you go here but not too many so that I can still get a room.This is a cool place.  It is not what you would call first class, but it is a place that is fun.  They have some full pay video poker machines, you just have to look for them.  The restaurants are good for casino fare, the Redwood Room is actually a nice place to eat.  It is also easy to get comps if you are even a medium player.  Check it out.
4	This is the ONLY place all the old school hawaii families stay at in Vegas.  And one of the few places you can find those old slot machines where you can actually use quarters.The dealers are friendly and this is the only place i know that the guests actually become friends with the dealers and keep up friendships over their years of vacationing to Vegas.I love the people there too because if you don't know a card game, just hop in and ask and people are more than willing to help you learn the game as you play.I love their cafe...the breakfasts are good, the butterfish is delicious, and the chili tastes just like Zippy's chili.  Try the oxtail soup, but ask for extra hot water because it's pretty salty, but very tasty.  I was not too happy with the 16 ounce rib-eye or the 8 ounce prime rib, but for $14 and $8 respectively, i didn't expect too much to start with.They even have a beef jerky store upstairs *ahem* glenn miyashiro *ahem,* to go with a Lapperts and a hawaiian cafe that serves a lot of local favorites (poke, ocha-zuke, etc...).There are other casinos (duh), but this one has a personal touch that you won't find on the strip or many other casinos downtown.Happy Gambling!
3	I'm only rating the food and I'll say it was NOT worth waiting 30 min+ in line for the late night specials. Let me explain...$4 steak...not bad, but not great.My wife liked her saimin, nothing special to me...The banana fritter was OK, but REALLY SMALL.The last time I checked there are some pretty big Hawaiian people, so how can this place be for Hawaiians?!It is like Asia when you walk up in there though...made me a bit uncomfortable.The food was OK, I left with a big helping of "disappointment."
4	I was in Vegas and heard from a group of my friends how amazing this Oxtail soup is from the California Casino but we may have to stand in line, yuck but intriguing.  Luckily we came at a good time and although we did have to wait in line, the line was not too bad. We were starving so as soon as the waitress came, we ordered, Oxtail Soup all around. When I first tried the broth, I thought yum but a little salty. Then I dug into the good part, the oxtail. O M G!!! It was delicious. The oxtail meat fell off the bone and all the fat and meat and deliciousness had me moaning at each bite. I think I was turning on my friend that was sitting next to me with my tiny moans and groans. I couldn't help it, I was in love. I wanted to go back again the next night, but didn't have time. I miss you Oxtail Soup. As for the rest of the food, I have no idea how it is, but $4 steak would definitely make me come back as well.
5	Been to the Cal zillions of times but this past weekend the food at the Market Place was the best ever. For $7.95 the prime rib special was the tenderest I've ever had. The next morning we had the oxtail soup for $7.95 because they serve it up to 11am. I counted five huge pieces of meat which fell off the bone. Just had to return for dinner that night and try their misoyaki butterfish @$8,95. Two huge slabs of marinated butterfish with a side order of kim chee. You can't beat that where we come from in Southern California! Oh, right after breakfast my friend won close to $800 right outside the pay cashier and the guy in back of him hit 4 aces on the dollar Poker machine for $2,000. I guess that paid for breakfast?
3	Cheap gambling, strong drinks. ... very strong.
4	If you're in town with buddies and the gals are at home, this is the place to go.   Rooms weren't bad, they weren't big, but seriously now, you're not there to sleep, you're there to gamble.  Food at the 24/7 place wasn't bad at all, for the $ it's a a good deal.  Comps are fantastic, get a card, you'll get a free room, eventually.  People were nice, we were chatting with a guy dragged into dinner with his wife, while waiting in line, not the sleezy feeling you get on the strip.  Didn't see a roach problem, looks like that was taken care of, having worked as a health inspector yrs ago, someone would have caught that and fixed it.  One place to avoid (just because the food isn't that great) is the place right near the exit where you go out to Fremont.Will stay there again when I can, worth the time, promised the missus I'd take her to the strip next time so it'll be a while with the guys,
3	"The Cal" is ground zero for people in Hawaii to come and play in Vegas. Odd since it's called the California Hotel after another state. Anyways, for people to get away from Hawaii, they stay at a place that has all the amenities of Hawaii of course. Located off The Strip in downtown Las Vegas it sits among many of the older casinos and hotels. It connects to Main Street Station, but they're pretty much one and the same thing. They're both great inexpensive options. A late night diner is here and one of the draws is their oxtail soup. Add a fruit punch to that and it's like you're in Hawaii (or you never left).If you're from Hawaii it often happens you wander though only to see friends or family there too! Ai-yah, the "9th Hawaiian Island" is way too small!
3	How can someone write a review of "The Cal" without calling it the eighth Hawaiian Island? Nicely tucked away from the strip in old Las Vegas of downtown, they offer cheap prices, good services, and decently appointed rooms. Located in downtown Las Vegas, it certainly doesn't offer the glitz and the glamor of the Strip properties, but it does make up for it in numerous other ways. While the hotel doesn't have an 11 acre lake with a dancing water show (I'd be surprised if the hotel sat on 11 acres!), it offers a clean and comfortable bed with a nice LCD tv and very good service. The rooms are decently appointed but certainly won't make you go wow....but at the prices they offer, how could you go wrong?The hotel offers a decent gaming floor which covers the first and its mezzanine level. It has a wide selection of table games and a huge array of video games and slot machines. You certainly won't be disappointed...well...you will be after you lose your wallet, but that is another story!It also features a few restaurants including the Market Street Cafe, a coffee bar, a higher end steakhouse (not really, that high end, but very good nonetheless), a Lapperts Ice Cream, and Aloha Specialties!All in all a good place to stay, but don't stay there with the lofty visions of grandiose strip properties!
4	Food is pretty good.  Recommend getting Ox tail which is good after a hard days of work in the clubs.  They also have zippy's chili here so don't forget to try it.  Once in a while you run in to some old friends. haha.  I'll be back again to visit.
4	My friends friends took us here for drunken munchies at 5 am. At first I heard we were eating oxtail soup and I was a bit turned off, but I wasn't going to reject late night food especially when drunk. I cannot remember most of the of what was inside the food, ambiance, or service, BUTTT I remember it being delicious!!!!!!!!!!! Very soothing and warm. Perfect way to end a night or start your morning. =)
5	I was seriously suprised by this place.  It has great rates.  The staff is friendly.  The casino is a little dated but very clean.  The rooms are wonderful all redone and very very modern.  I think this is the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in.The were very family friendly (we had a 1 year old with us and our friends had a 4 month old).  They went out of their way to make sure we were taken care of.  The buffet is not extensive but is very fresh and very well prepared. This was a great experience and I would so stay here again!
4	This review is for the hotel and casino only:I've been coming to this hotel for as long as I can remember, as my family on my dad's side is originally from Kau'ai before coming to the mainland.  It's been renovated a couple of times over the year, but still retains the old, bad-carpet Vegas feel.The rooms are fairly utilitarian, with nothing special about them.  The more modern wing (the one near Market Street Cafe) has flat-panel TVs and a re-designed bathroom with the sink inside instead of outside.  If you don't smoke, definitely book a non-smoking room or you will smell like smoke (some hotels' smoking rooms won't leave you smelling like smoke, but everyone at the Cal seemingly smokes).The casino's table area is pretty small.  Don't expect the MGM grand here.  However, the lack of size is made up by having really cheap tables.  There's a $3 blackjack table from a (6) deck shoe.  There's a bunch of $5 blackjack tables with two-decks (no auto-shuffler here though, you have to wait for the dealer to manually shuffle each time).  There's also Pai Gow, Texas Hold'em, Single-Deck, Let It Ride, Three Card Poker, Roulette, and Craps.Oh, and don't forget to take a photo in front of the Buddha statue, as virtually everyone who's never been to the Cal seemingly takes a photo there...
2	This was my first trip to Vegas. I know, hard to believe. I live in Hawaii, so of course I stayed at the Cal. I didn't really have much expectations, since I don't have anything to compare it to. But all my friends told me that the staff were really friendly, and that I shouldn't have any trouble finding my way around town, since the staff would be able to help me out. So it came as a surprise that the people who worked at the bell desk and the bell man (the guy that helps you with the luggage?) were less than helpful. My bf and I had just checked in, and the bell man came up to my bf and said "do you need help with your bags?". nice enough. but my bf didn't hear him and didn't respond, so the bell man says sarcastically under his breath, " i guess not", then walks away. I was kinda put off by his attitude, but thought, well, it's just one guy.Not so. The next day, I went to the bell desk to see if they knew of any transportation options to get to the strip (other than a taxi). the 2 workers there gave me a bored look, as if i had interrupted them from watching the game on tv, and bluntly said to go catch the city bus. okaaaay. thanks? I guess i was under the impression that since this hotel is like a 2nd Hawaii, that the service would be much better. I can overlook a lot of shortcomings at a business if the service is great, but in this case, even though the other amenities at this establishment were fine, I would not stay here again simply due to the lack of customer service provided.
3	We wanted to try the breakfast buffet, so we made the effort and woke up before 10 AM.The buffet is 7 - 11 AM I believe for $5.99 that includes a drink.I think the best thing they had was the hash browns with gravy over it. The eggs and meats weren't that good. The fruit and french toast were decent. Would I wake up for this again? No. If I were up before 10 AM and was hungry, I would drive over here...Not great, but at least it's cheap
5	oxtail soup FTW!!!! serve by midnight!
4	I remember when my family would stay in downtown as a young'en. Visiting here with the OG's was a trip down memory lane. The vibe here is a lot more relaxed and it gives the feeling of an old friend you haven't seen in a while but hasn't missed a beat.  Old school like a lot of people mention is cool in my book.
3	What is everyone in Hawaii doing in Las Vegas? Want to find out? Just go down to The Cal. From it's old Wild West motif and many vendors with Hawaii ties, it's clear that they've cornered the market in out of state dollars from the middle of the Pacific. They're just missing a Zippy's. Where would people from Hawaii go, if not for The Cal? If we had a hotel in Hawaii called the HI, would everyone from California/Nevada stay there too? Maybe that's our best chance to get a Fatburger or In-n-Out on Da Rock!
4	The oxtail soup at the Marketstreet Cafe here is excellent! It is only served after 11 p.m. One complaint though is that most nights, you'll be standing in line for at least a half hour. I've stood in line for almost an hour one night even though there are plenty of empty seats inside. The hotel has a very small staff (budget cuts?) that can't keep up with the demand. I waited in line for an hour and about another half hour one late night at 2 a.m. before someone took my order. Needless to say...I complained about the 1/2 hour wait for someone to take my order, and I was comped a free meal (which I had ordered the oxtail soup). The hotel itself is great, the slots were particularly generous when I went in September 2010. Blackjack was nice too, I enjoy the double decks vs. the 6 deck shoe that the strip uses.The snack bar is also great for a quick snack, the chicken wings are huge!The hotel rooms...you get what you pay for. Fairly cheap hotel for a fairly cheap room, the lighting is poor but for me it was okay because who stays in a hotel room in vegas when there is so much to do outside of your hotel room? The vent for the bathroom didn't work....could tell that the mist from the shower wasn't going anywhere. Other than that, it's a nice place to crash and sleep.This hotel caters to the people from Hawaii due to numerous package deals that they offer to hawaii people with air and hotel. I enjoy the company and the people, very friendly atmosphere. Many senior citizens from Hawaii hang out here, feels fairly safe.
5	If you are one of those people that need to show off by dropping 500 chips on the table each hand in blackjack or throwing out stupid craps jargon because you think you know the game (Hop Bet on forty three, whirl bet), then this place is NOT for you.There are two aspects of Vegas' gambling: stupid and smart. The stupid gamblers are the ones that go to Vegas once in your life. You need to experience the money, the girls, the clubs, etc. The reason why I say stupid is not because the person doing it is stupid but because this is the way Las Vegas wants you to behave... and you end up blowing 300 dollars in 30 minutes on the blackjack table alone.There is smart gambling. Hotel California is smart gambling at its finest. The tables are $5.00 minimums, the dealers are extremely friendly, the slots are loose (looser than the strip), and the pit bosses are always giving out comps. The blackjack tables are a two deck game, slots are available in 1, 2, 5, 25, 50 cent increments. The craps table is VERY friendly, but I must admit, the odds on the craps table are better at Main Street, where it's 20x odds there compared to Cal's 2x.Downtown, in general, your money goes a long way. "The Cal" has the extra benefit of making your gambling experience more enjoyable because of the friendly dealers and pit bosses. Gamble on the tables for 2-3 hours will almost guarantee you a 20-30 dollar comp at their cafe where, on average, an entree is around 8 dollars. You can have a feast there.Which leads to the review of their cafe. This place is ALWAYS busy. I don't know why. I must be because of their cheap prices. Their menu focuses more on Hawaiian food with a hint of some steaks here and there. Their ox-tail soup is what this place is known for. I've only had it once, so can't compare, but all my friends who love ox-tail swear by this place.All in all, Hotel California is the place to have a nice gambling experience, relax, and have a chill time in Vegas. Go to the strip to go clubbing, and/or see the beautiful people. Or have the best of both worlds and go to downtown and the strip!
4	California..knows how to par-tay. California..knows how to par-taay. In the city, of VEGAS!! This hotel is located in an old section of Vegas. It's part Hawaiian kine haunt, part asians & filipinos who want oxtail soup train, part senior gambler spot. The cafe offers an array of diner options, but the difference is there are Hawaiian grinds, such as eggs, portuguese sausage & white rice, mac salad..and YES..that famous coveted Zippys chili.Ono-effin-licious. Almost like being on the island. Almost. :)
3	My family is from Hawaii, so this and Fremont are the two Casino Hotels we frequent.  The style is local and relaxed, and they definitely cater to people from the islands.  The accomodations are nice.  The rooms are good sized and the beds are comfortable (no bed bugs.... yipeee!).  The air conditioning works really well.  In the casino, the staff and the people are really relaxed and welcoming.  Everyone is hospitable and it is super comfortable.  It is not your typical Vegas luxury and indulgence, which is preferrable for me.  The local food options are great... you can get rice with almost every meal!  I have been coming her my entire life, so this is like a second home.
4	Everytime I go downtown Las Vegas, for some reason I always park here at the California hotel. Then I've discovered that there's more to it than just it's free 4hr parking. They have ox tail soup at 11pm!! And I know this is gunna make me sound like a typical Filipino, but they serve it with a bowl of rice too. lets just say at least the food is worth the lame service.
4	This review is only for the California Hotel Restaurant!I traded Sonic one cold Vegas night and decided to come here and try their famous "Oxtail Soup". I wasnt disappointed!!The soup was very hot, lots of green onion and was served with kanin (rice) and cilantro. Being a hardcore Filipino chomper, it was perfect. I love the Hawaiian-American Diner-Japanese fusion that they have.WOULD DEFINITELY come back here!!
4	Never stayed here, but the Hawaiian food restaurant on the second floor is tasty. I continually go back and enjoy the easy garage parking along with validation for several hours. This is a great place for locals and visitors alike to use as a base to visit Downtown. There is also a bridge on the second floor to another casino on the other side of the street heading West.
5	Been coming to "The Cal" for years. When I first came to Vegas in the early 80's we were regulars there. But I moved to the islands and never returned to Vegas until our move 10 years ago. It's still the same great place it was back then, but now full of local Hawaiian faces. This is definitely like being on the islands, everyone is a relative, neighbor or just a friendly native. My parents come here for New Years every year and we always end up at "The Cal" at least a few times. We love playing the tables, they have only one Texas Hold-em and one 3 card poker, but plenty of blackjack. My mother in law and other relatives come about 3-4 times a year and we always play the slots. I enjoy the wide variety of machines, but most of all the upstairs deuces wild poker machine just at the top of the escalator, we can watch the Warriors play and still keep the machine going without skipping a beat. I enjoy downtown over the strip for playing, it seems more friendly.
4	Not one of the newer hotels in Vegas but definitely a good place to visit. Located in the downtown area of Vegas it's a great place to go for some late night eats. Definitely known for it's oxtail soup in the cafe. The also have one of the better graveyard specials, $4.50 for a steak dinner. But there is a downside, most of the time there's a long line to get seated in the cafe and the service could be a little better. Overall a good place to go and eat if your in the downtown area.
4	I come down here to see family when they visit from Hawaii.  It's their favorite place to stay.  Was here last week and the property still looks the same as it did the last time I was here.  For those who are unfamiliar with this property, here are some highlights:- It's mostly full of Hawaiians.  This is where the 9th Island was started.....you can thank this place for all of the Hawaiian food and people in Vegas.- It's not a high end property, but it's consistent in it's quality and service.....has been this way for decades.  I would say it's a 2 1/2 to 3 Star hotel (not Yelp Stars).- Decent gambling options....on the 2nd floor they have some old Video Poker machines that take real quarters.....decent payout table too.  This casino is also know for it's Craps games.  The longest recorded roll of Craps (almost 4 hours) happened here.- There's a wall of fame for people who have rolled a long hand of Craps (over 1 hour) on the walkway between Main St Station & the California.- The sister property Main St Station is connected to this hotel via an indoor walkway on the 2nd floor....very convenient to go back/forth.- Parking is FREE.....that's right, FREE Parking downtown.I always hanging out here with my family.Will I return?  You bet!
4	This is definitely one of the better hotels to stay at. I've stayed here a few times and haven't had a bad experience yet...knock on wood. I recommend staying in the tower with the Buddha by the elevators, close walking distance to the parking garage. The rooms are decent. The bathroom and shower are small. You do have a refrigerator to use which is quite handy. I've also been fortunate to stay in a suite which has a bar and small living area. The bathroom is larger as well. The hotel is great since it has a walking bridge to the Main Street. The only thing is that I wish it had access straight onto the Fremont Experience like a lot of the other downtown hotels do. There are 5 restaurants to eat at, one which is 24 hours. This hotel has classic food from Hawaii including saimin, Portuguese sausage and chicken katsu. This hotel is full of Hawaii people, you are bound to see someone you know. Tip: if staying on a Friday night, park early...the lot fills up fast!  ^_^*~
4	Let's just get this out there. Downtown Las Vegas is depressing. Remnants of an era left behind by the flashy mega-hotels, hardcore older gamblers, sad looking showgirls..this is not the place for the younger crowd. However, I love the Cal. Big Hawaii crowd (you'll almost always run into someone you know) and they have the delicious Aloha Specialities restaurant. Low table prices ($5 blackjack, roulette, craps, three card poker) and supposedly the loosest slots in Vegas. Can't really go wrong here. The dealers are nicer and more willing to help you out here. You just get a generally good feeling here. The rooms are cheap but you will definitely get what you pay for. I'll pass on staying here if I can get a comped room on the strip, but it's always nice to visit The Cal.
4	The California hotel is a great place to stay.  It is the little Hawaii of Vegas.  You can get a discount price if you are from Hawaii and can prove it (including Hawaii ex-pats with a valid birth certificate).The staff are friendly and efficient with many Hawaii ex-pats mixed in.  Rooms are clean and well maintained.  While not a 5 star resort that you will all the movie stars and TMZ the California is a solid hotel that always provides me with a consistently pleasant stay.Not to mention Aloha Specialties upstairs and the market street cafe downstairs to enjoy good food.
4	da wahine servers are nice peeps. (some of dem-da asian ones)da cal hotel- market street cafe has some "ono" grinds.da oxtail soup is "ono".da early mornin $5.00 buffet @ 7am, not to bad too!da grilled salmon w/rice & veggies stay guud too!da prime rib stay okay.reasonable kine prices.
4	Clean, and I slept well...
4	so my hubby and sis stayed here last week -- and he liked it  and she didn't.  she didn't, not because of the Cal itself, but because she didn't want to stay on Freemont to begin with.  but my hubby liked it, and said it was a decent hotel - and very good bang for your buck.  the casino is very friendly to its patrons...and yes its true that mostly Hawaiians frequent the joint...but they were all very friendly.  their room was on the smaller side, and faced the parking garage (ugh).  but the room had a fridge and a window that opened some (awe, fresh air).  the only drawbacks of the place are 1. location (its actually not on Freemont)  2.  no buffett  3.  LONG ass walks in the hotel itself (to get to the rooms) 4. bad elevators.  overall, he would stay here again, and she wouldn't.  but you can't beat the price.   and yes I checked for bedbugs, and didn't find any.  yay!
4	My first time staying downtown and I could not have found a better hotel for the price and accommodations. Rooms were clean and hot water was hot... everything worked.  The pace was slower than the strip but the staff was much friendlier.  No waits on machines and tables.  Stayed here for the Hawaiian food and I could not have been happier... remember cash only. Plenty of parking and I don't have to walk a mile to get to my room.
3	Thumbs down, 2-3 stars for the room, but thumbs up, 5 stars for the food ; p It was a no smoking room, but could still smell cigarette reeking in the air. The area by the bed was clean, however the bathroom was small and cramped, while getting dressed, I bumped my shoulder more than once on the towel bar. Also, the bathroom had a plumbing problem in the shower drain...every time the people next door took a shower, black gook would seep up into the bathtub.  I was rarely in the room so i didn't mind these minor flaws and also not too difficult getting your room & food comped using your B-connected card.  Video poker and Blackjack seems to be the local fav of choice of games; beware playing blackjack with the old man during the day...big bets ($500+) with crazy moves...hits on 12,13, 14 with the dealer showing a 2,3,4,5.  He wins, I and most of the people on the table lose : (
3	This is one of the older casinos on the strip. I've never stayed here so this is based on the casino only. Restaurant: triple 7 brewery was where we had dinner one night. Food was mediocre, service was less than but I cant say it was all too terrible. Honestly, I'd go back again for the HH specials they advertised - which Iif I'm not mistaken - have an exception of Friday? maybe maybe not.. dont quote me. but call ahead and ask. This place seems to always be full, so that tell us something.. Dont go to the place that nobody's at b/c theres a reason for it..If its packed there's good reason. And if its ALWAYS packed... make a reservation when you can and if you cant..grab a drink and put your name on a list. FAVORITE PART: This place has more slot machines upstairs and a mini sports book. and when I say mini, its not Fitzgerald Mini, but almost. My favorite part of this casino is the quarter poker machines. It makes me want to grab a $20 and get a bucket of quarters and go to town. Those people playing get their bucket and settle it, I say it appears as if they are "clocked in" I mean these folks have the most serious faces ever. They are READY TO DO WORK. I mean they are focused, on the ball, for real.... the neat part about upstairs is it connects to the Main Street Station Casino just by crossing over the INDOOR BRIDGE (cant think of the proper word, arrrgh) CONCOURSE!!! that's what its called. it has a concourse. Along the way... it has an Ethel M. Chocolate shop, a few gift shops, and an ice cream shop Ive always wanted to try but If I'm in the area odds are I've already eaten @ fitzgerald's Courtyard Cafe ayce soup & salad bar & desert for $5.99!if u go for dinner add ayce pasta and ur golden!! This is always a stop if im downtown.
3	I stayed at The Cal for the majority of my trip here last December.  It was adequate since I wasn't actually in the room most of the time.  I stayed in the same (standard) room as my parents since my vacation package (with Vacations Hawaii) was added on last minute to my family's (which included my parents, my sister, my sister's husband, their three kids and my sister's in-laws).  I wasn't too happy about being roomies with M&D, but heh... at least there were two beds and I had one to myself.  Otherwise, despite having three adults in one room, I found that I had a good amount of space to dump all my luggage (which was a lot - I don't pack light).I thought it strange that my sister, her family and her in-laws all had rooms in the tower located closest to the lobby, but my parents and I were located in the opposite tower.  Oh, and our room was alllllllll the way down the hall.  It took forever just to walk from our room to the elevator every single time (about two minutes, no lie).  Other than that, I suppose getting a room in this tower worked out for the best, considering that I noticed the (standard) rooms in the other tower are smaller and have old-fashioned (i.e., noisy as heck) AC units.  I'm a light sleeper, so the AC would have been a major turnoff.Gambling at The Cal was pretty much like anywhere else I gambled during my trip, but with a few notable differences.  Drink service was prompt.  No one ever gave me a hassle or asked to check my ID (most likely due to the usual Asian / local-from-Hawaii demographics).  Mind you, I only played during the times when my family and I came back from sightseeing and I wanted to smoke (I couldn't in the room).  On a side note, I first registered for / received a B Connected card at the start of this trip.  Using it was a hassle, since they don't give you any sort of lanyard / key chain to hook it onto, and also because my card in particular seemed to be "unreadable" most of the time I tried it on slot machines.As for food...  I'm not sure if this is the fault of Vacations Hawaii or the hotel, but I was the only adult out of the group who did not receive a meal coupon book.  I am well over 21 - and I would assume, since it's a casino, that my birth date was included in the guest info.  Speaking of which...  The restaurant line can get crazy!!!!  We ate here most of the time for breakfast / lunch / dinner, due to those meal vouchers.  On one night, when both my parents had already eaten hours before (but my sister, her family and I hadn't), we waited in the line until midnight (over an hour, probably closer to two hours) just to sit down!  And just to realize that half the restaurant had been roped off for the night!  What is up with that?!A few other things to mention:Check-in lobby (dislike, too small)Cheap food (like, reminds me of Zippy's back home)Second floor slots (like, less crowded than the first floor)Car valet area with benches (like, has trashcans with ashtrays)Parking lot (dislike, too dark and narrow)Room rate (dislike, I strongly believe it should be way cheaper)So although The Cal is not my most favorite hotel in Vegas, it is what is.  Funny thing is, I'm staying here again during a part of my Vegas trip in late March / early April.  Although...  It's really only because my friend is getting a comped room =P
3	Always run into someone from back in Hawaii here. Hit the craps and blackjack tables early cause it gets pack at times. walking distance to Fremont experience. Ok places to eat. Go there for oxtail after 11 pm. Get the prime rib includes salad bar and ice cream. I usually fill up on the salad bar, crab salad and take the prime rib home.
4	Hands down the nicest casino in downtown but I am biased since it is predominately an Asian crowd. It has a pleasant "ohana" atmosphere and the dealers as well as the patrons are laid back and make you feel comfortable. I've been to this casino everytime I've travelled to Vegas and had positive experiences (I did come out with losses once).Come visit this casino to get away from the high limit tables of the Strip.
4	I stayed here the weekend I attended the 13th Annual Punk Rock Bowling and Music Festival and I really liked it.  The room was clean and the staff was friendly.  It was reasonably priced and I really enjoyed the Market Cafe.  Everything I tried there was very good but my favorite was the oxtail soup.  It was delicious and a very good post-drinking alternative.  I would definitely stay here again.
5	Stayed at the Cal for 2 nights for my brother's 21st birthday.  It was a perfect place to be.  The staff is super nice, the food is amazing, the dealers help you out if they know it's your first time, and we all had a great stay.  It has everything you basically need in a hotel, clean rooms, cheap rates, comfortable beds, awesome places to eat (aloha specialties and lappert's ice cream) and the casino was a pleasant place to be.  I liked it better than being on the strip (gets too crowded over there, and more weirdos..)  I will definitely be staying here next time I come to vegas.
5	The good ol' Cal, the capital of the Ninth Island they say.  What's so great about the California Hotel is that it caters to people from Hawai'i and definitely reflects the feeling of the Aloha Spirit.  There aren't many places in Vegas where you can enjoy a good ox tail soup or egg omelet with Aloha Shoyu and "talk story" with the Hawaiian locals or people visiting on vacation.  Plus, this is one of the few places I like to play Craps because the Craps table is always bumpin'!!  When people from Hawai'i come to gamble, they really come to gamble!  The staff here is always nice and the cocktail waitresses always keep the drinks flowin'.  I've been up to the rooms before and it's pretty standard but nice and clean.  The thing I don't like about this casino is I always leave smelling like an ashtray!  Nonetheless, I always leave happy because there is always fun people, gambling, and good times to be had at the Cal and they always make me feel like I'm welcomed back.  Aloha!
3	I stay downtown often while visiting Vegas. The rooms are just average for me. I first checked into a non-smoking room but apparently there was an ashtray and matches in the bathroom. The room did not reek of smoke so it did not bother me, I just thought it was a bit strange. Their Do Not Disturb sign is the type you insert into the lock but does not have a hole to hang it behind the door when you are not using it. It is either on the bathroom sink or on the dresser with the TV. On this last stay, I did a room move from one tower to the other so I have two rooms to compare fresh in my mind. Both bathtubs had hair in it from a previous guest. Yuck! The bedsheets are not tucked in and the first room's sheets were so uneven that one side was majorly dragging on the ground. The first room had an old school tube TV, but the new room had a flat screen. I wonder if they are going through a room upgrade transition. Other than that, the rooms were A-OK. When in Vegas, I don't spend too much time in the rooms other than to sleep in anyway. Talking about sleep, there are no curtains. No sheers nor blackout curtains. There are these shutter windows that even when it is in the "closed" position, it lets in a lot if sun in the morning which is not cool at all.Between room moves, I left my phone charger in the previous room, but by the time I needed to charge my phone and noticed I didn't have it, the Front Desk said that the other room is already occupied. They needed to get a hold of the guest to retrieve my charger back. I felt so disconnected without my phone, but yet, it was my fault and I, of all people, should know better than to leave items in a room. I must commend the Front Desk agents for their passing of information to each other. I spoke to and followed up with a total of 3 different agents within 24 hours and they were all aware of my situation. I did not get the run around or have to repeat myself 10 million times or get the "Oh, this is the first time I'm hearing of this" story. The next morning, although they had not heard back from the guest, the FD agent rang the room and the guest was in. In a few minutes, a houseman retrieved my charger and brought it to me in the lobby. Reunited with my charger saved me $$ on buying a new one! Thank you Front Desk!On my last day, normal checkout is at noon but we were granted a 3pm late check out. Our luggage had to be ready to be pulled by the bellman by 11am so my room had appeared to be vacant. My housekeeper knew of the 3pm LCO and I specifically told her that I would be checking out at 3pm. However, since I did not have a DND sign on my door and my room appeared vacant, another housekeeper cleaned my room around 2pm. She said that there was no luggage and no one told her anything. I understand where she was coming from but communication could have been better between the 2 housekeepers. I had to take a quick nap in my parents' room prior to checkout.I like this hotel. It is not equipped with the latest and greatest amenities, but it is in my comfort zone. The Cal is full of people from Hawaii and it definitely serves up the Aloha spirit.
4	I paid $118 for a two night stay, which is an incredible rate.  I have never been on the downtown side of Vegas and I really enjoyed the laid back feel of this hotel. I was quite surprised to see how many Asiabs there were and they were all so friendly.  The rooms were acceptable and clean, except the bath tub looked a little dirty.  I liked the fact that they give you plastic cups that are sealed instead of glassware in the bathroom and dining area because of the horror stories you hear about maids cleaning glasses with windex (yuck).   The bonus was I hit $1,300 in the slots and the gaming area didn't reek of smoke.
3	If you're going to come here to gamble, I suggest you don't. There are other casinos here on Fremont St. that seem to make you feel more comfortable and not old fashioned. Well if you do like old fashioned, I guess this is the place for you. I can't really rate this place for how it is hotel-wise and staff wise, as I just come here strictly to walk through and eat at the Market Cafe. So my rating isn't for the hotel, but just the basic layout and how old fashioned it is. I know this place won't change the way it looks as they're probably preserving the looks of old Vegas with this place.I'm probably the only person to rate this place a 3 stars, so I'm probably missing something on how good the hotels are at this place. Sorry to say though, I probably wont ever experience staying at this hotel or any hotel in Vegas for awhile as long as my sister lives down here. All in all thank goodness this place has market cafe, otherwise this place probably won't exist for me.
4	Definitely a must see when in Vegas.  Great old school Vegas vibe.  Nothing fancy about the place but the cafe is great if you're Filipino and/or just love ox-tail soup.  The workers are all friendly, as most Filipinos are, and the service is great.The ox tail soup isn't available until after 11 pm so don't even try to ask for it before then.  And if you are going at that late hour, expect a long line.  Line or not, it's definitely worth the wait if you're feeling the need of some traditional ox-tail soup.
5	*5 stars* for their "late night special" oxtail soup at the cafe on 1st floor.  they only serve the oxtail soup 11pm to 7am... yes u read that right, it's not a typo... 11pm to 7am.   on weekends the line starts forming 30mins. prior.  but it goes by pretty quick.  great spot for after club scenes or hangover remedy =)*4 stars* for their chicken terriyaki at the hawaiian restaurant on 2nd floor
5	I've stayed at the CaL 5 times, and each stay was good, would have been a great stay if I won $$ playing slots.. regardles, had a good experience here.. I've been reading reviews on various sites, first of all people, if you don't like the smokey smell of casinos.. DON'T GO!!  also read people complaining how old and how the CaL needs updating.. well, if you want a 5 star hotel... GO TO ONE!! duh! Everytime I stayed here, the staff was pretty friendly, but i'm sure everyone has bad days, as I read in other reviews how some of the staff were rude or not friendly to them...you are going to get that where ever you go..Eating at Aloha specialties is a must for us.. great food.. gets very crowded...Also the Oxtail soup at Market street cafe is a must, had it for the first time last yr when I stayed here, i noticed almost every single table was eating oxtail soup.. its great when you're hungry at 2am.I love the fact that I always run into someone while i'm there.. a lot of ppl stay at other hotels, but eat or gamble at the CaL..also love the fact that this hotel is full of people from Hawaii.. hmm maybe thats mainly why I stay here, hehehe. anyways.. i'll be back in 3 weeks, and I can't wait.oh, i totally forgot to comment on the rooms here..stayed in the remodeled rooms a few times, which was pretty nice..clean, bed was comfy.. In June stayed in a room that wasnt remodeled, it was ok...only complaint I had was the a/c, I like my room nice n cold. i guess I could have asked to be switched to another room, but i dealt with it. housekeeping was very friendly, each time I walked by them in the halls, they greeted me with a smile. I highly respect housekeeping, esp is VEGAS, where ppl trash the rooms, throw up all over the place, leave unmentionables laying around and they have to clean that sh*t up. I know its their job, but come on now... so people.. remember to leave tips for them. ok, thats all for now, til my next trip to the cal.
4	In short: I can't speak for the smoking rooms, but the non-smoking rooms are clean, spacious, have comfortable beds and a prompt, thorough housekeeping service. Downstairs in the casino, Market Street Cafe is one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas. I'm not just talking about in Downtown; hands down one of my favorite places to eat in VEGAS-- the Strip, DT, Boulder, Henderson (which isn't Vegas but you get the idea)... the dealers are friendly, and I've seen the machines (slots included) pay out to very happy Hawaiians and Vegas locals.Will I return / do I recommend?: Yes x2.If you have more time and willingness to read why I've said what I already have.... keep on going!If you've been to the Cal to gamble, you already know that this establishment is full of Hawaiians :) (last I checked their website, the Cal offers an airline / room package for the Islanders). And not to make a sweeping generalization of a group of people, though positive, but I think this is one of the reasons why the Cal has such a low-key and unpretentious vibe. Gamblers look like they're having fun. They invest some, they lose some, they win some... then they go eat! There are a few good places to eat at the Cal that won't break your wallet, but my favorite is Market Street Cafe, open 24 hours and always serving up yummy and reasonably priced goods. As many Yelpers have already mentioned, their oxtail soup (graveyard only) is hearty and delicious. If you like local dishes, take your pick!Personally, I'm not the biggest fan of their Players Card-- the B Connected card-- as it's not the "perkiest," but do sign-up for it as you'll earn vouchers for dishes at the MSC...The following is more of an observation than a gripe-- though this might deter some of you from visiting-- I've noticed a lot of families with small children and babies wandering about. Usually in line at MSC or heading towards guest elevators, but there've been enough for me to notice.Overall, I really can't complain about the Cal. I've stayed here alone and with the boyfriend, all times for work or some sort of assignment. I'm no priss, but I think if I planned to "do DT" and head to Fremont at night, I'd only go with company. There's an overpass that gets a little shady at night nearby, but that's the only thing and not a reflection of the Cal itself. Just something partiers might want to be aware of.If you parked your car in their garage, don't forget to get your ticket validated near the cashier. I don't think the restaurants validate.TIP: It might be a better value for you to extend that two-night trip to three if one of those nights is a Tuesday... I think most Boyd hotels offer this, but buy two nights and get one free. Worth looking into!
2	Yelp 365 challenge: Review 007/365 (8/7/2011)I'm compelled to update my review because I know now what it's like firsthand to stay in the East Tower at the Cal (accessible via the elevators past the lobby and next to the Buddha statue).Observations of the East Tower:The walls are thin.  Super thin.  Whenever our next-door neighbor on our left opened his/her door, it sounded as if someone was trying to break-in our room.  I could also hear housekeeping doing their rounds every single morning (which was relatively early, since we usually woke up sometime around noon).  To make matters worse, there were doors within our room connecting us to both the left and the right.  Each door created a considerably wide, open gap over the carpeted floor.  As a result, it was unavoidable to hear the TV as well as conversations going on, especially in the room to our right.  Noises are definitely amplified rather than muffled within this building.Old doesn't necessarily have to mean dirty - but in the East Tower, unfortunately, the two go hand and hand.  One night, while in bed watching TV, my travel buddy heads to the bathroom.  Seconds later, SLAPSLAPSLAP!  The lovely sound of a huge cockroach being smashed by my friend's slipper.  He disposed of most of it in the toilet, but I came by later and discovered a squashed pair of legs and wings.  If you know me, you know that I hate and absolutely fear roaches.  It's a silly phobia of mine, but nevertheless, still a phobia.  So since then, I'd be on high freak-out alert whenever I was in the room - half expecting one of those monsters to swoop in and attack.  This is the last thing I want or expect to have to deal with on vacation.The bathtub clogged.  Every.  Single.  Day.  We're only two people (both of whom only took showers), and we definitely weren't using anything that shouldn't go down the drain.  In fact ... half the time my travel buddy used the hotel's toiletries and - without fail - I always used natural / organic hair cleansers (which are actually better for the environment).  So although I cherished that time every day in which I could temporarily free myself of Vegas's dry air, a clogged bathtub was, is and will forever be considered one of the most nasty features to have to endure at any hotel.If you're reading this and wondering why I didn't "speak up" during the entire trip, here's why:  one check-in, one carry-on, one handbag and a big pile of new things from LV that remained unpacked - all of which were mine. The thought of having to transport everything to another room, especially in the West Tower, was headache-inducing ... because really, do I want to make work for myself while on vacation?  =/
2	*The following is an update of my last update.  Another Yelp reviewer recently sent me a PM due to her curiosity as to why I didn't do or say anything about my experience at The Cal (while I was still a guest there), as well as in regards to what I'd suggest the hotel could've done to make my stay more satisfactory.  This is an excerpt from my reply to her.*There's a few aspects of my review that I didn't mention because I thought they were obvious, would be redundant and/or would represent more of a chaotic rambling rather than a concise summary.  But apparently not, so... here they are:1.  Without fail, I heard housekeeping doing their rounds prior to noon. The only reason why I mentioned them was because of all the noises I heard, they were the loudest.2.  I stayed at a few other hotels in LV since last December, and I've never encountered a roach before - and a huge one at that.  Not sure how this could be remedied, since if there's one - there's definitely more!3.  My roomie really didn't have issues with the room's "deficiences" the same way I did.  In fact, he already had super low expectations of The Cal, expectations that even I thought were too harsh (he also doesn't have a roach phobia, and the used bath water from the clogged tub barely reached his ankles and therefore wasn't too bothersome. I'm about a foot shorter than him).  Also, the room was under both our names but reserved by him.  So anything I reported would've ultimately fallen on him rather than me.4.  The number of luggage/belongings I mentioned are only my things.  My roomie had a very big carry-on at the beginning of the trip and, like me, accumulated more things as the trip went on.  The idea of getting Bellhop to assist with transporting our things from one tower to another sounds like a good idea, but you've forgotten about tipping.  I would feel compelled to tip and - quite honestly - that's not something I'm thrilled about since I wouldn't have had to tip in the first place if the room had already been decent.  Having maintenance fix the problem with the clogged bathroom also sounds like a good idea, but if for some reason we couldn't change rooms before then, I would feel compelled to actually remain in the room while said person was checking up on it, which could be hours.  It's kind of like asking a repairman to come to your house to fix something... usually, you'd stay at home while he's doing it because you really can't say for sure if he'd steal something or even be able to / earnestly try to fix the problem.
4	OK; I just had to add my two cents here, after reading some of the review of other recent posters. I would agree wholeheartedly with some of the other posters, but some others must be dufesses or something. First let me begin by saying that I have been a Cal client for about 30 years. I have literally stayed there for over 100 times. Sure they are a small hotel and casino, and sure they are not the nicest place I have ever stayed. And the rooms are not the swankiest nor the nicest, but let me tell you what is good about the Cal: 1. First, they are economical, both in terms of room cost and food and beverage (F&B) costs. 2. They are one of the friendliest and most customer service oriented hotels and casinos you will find. 3. If is one of the safest places to stay and play. This is because the clientele is mostly from Hawaii and most of the clientele have grown up with the belief that honesty and humanity is the best policy (no kidding -- not like other groups that may believe in screwing the next guy before he/she screws you). This is the only casino where you can leave your machine and go to the bathroom and ask the next person to watch your purse or money or save your seat and they will. It is one of the few casinos where the management takes the risk and expense to have their security guards carry firearms -- did you not notice? And they know how to use them -- one of the requirements of the casino and gaming commission is that firearm security guards be certified and re-certified every six months. This is one of the reasons why you hardly ever ever see scuffles or people stealing money or purses at the Cal. 4. Their player's club (B-Connected Program) is perhaps not the most generous kickback program in Vegas, but overlaying that is their generous "comp" system. You can get discount room rates, or free rooms, or free "comps" for meals quite easily which is overlaid over the B-Connected program so if you compute your B-Connected kickbacks as well as your free comps, you will find that your "rewards" far exceed what other hotels and casinos will give you --- try it, compute it -- you will find that I am 100% correct. 5. For us expat Hawaiians (or other) Hawaiian island clientele, they have the most Hawaiian style food anyway in Las Vegas. And that is very good if you are a Hawaiian or Hawaiian at heart. 6. They have a relatively simple and small steakhouse called the Redwood Bar and Grill and they have one of best prime rib dinners in Las Vegas. This is not an exaggeration -- their prime rib is outstanding in quality and in preparation. 7. They have a sister property called Main Street Station that is connected via a covered walkway. Here there is a buffet that is pretty good; especially the weekend Champagne Brunch. And also on some nights, there have a specialty menu that is outstanding like one night is T-Bone steak nite (all you can eat (AYCE)); another nite is AYCE prime rib; and on Friday's is AYCE seafood. They also have another restaurant named Triple Seven Bar and Grill, which is themed as a sports bar. But there is also a sushi bar there that has some limited, but good sushi at fair prices. They also have some outstanding bar and grill menu items -- their handmade pizzas are outstanding; their baby back rack of ribs is good; and they have super-duper burgers with fries, or onion rings, or cole slaw. So my final comment to some of the other posters is that yes, the Cal is not the Bellagio, nor is it Caesar's Palace, but if you know what you are getting into when you book yourself into the Cal, you will find that it is a pretty outstanding place and place to spend your money.
4	The best place for Hawaii locals.
4	It aint the fancy shenanigans that you run into the strip. This place is full of asians from hawaii. Must be the great oxtail soup that attracts them here. This place is more real than the wanna be ballers of the strip. Peeps walking around in slippers, hawaiin shirts, shorts, just dressin comfy and not here tryin to impress which is my kinda thing since its what Im used to being a SoCal native. Its a cool place to eat amd just chill and if you get bored, just walk around fremont. You'll see a bunch of interesting weirdos there.
4	It's hard for me to be impartial, so take this review as a grain of salt.  If you have a tie to Hawaii (like me), then this place is probably for you.  It's funny, because I live in California and I visit Hawaii once a year, but I see more family and friends at the Cal than when I go home.  LOL.Because of all the Hawaiians, the snack bar and the coffee shop have tons of local favorites like bento, oxtail soup and miso butterfish.  There is also a restaurant upstairs (not affiliated with the hotel) that only serves island food.  The Redwood grill is a nice little steak house which offers quality surf and turf.The regular rooms are average.  The medium sized suites offer a little more space with a separate seating area.  The larger suites have a seating area with a large 60" TV, small dining table, wet bar and a separate bedroom with jacuzzi.I like to gamble here because it is a little more businesslike.  Generally, people here are more serious about gambling and you don't get the people who don't know what they're doing or the sloppy drunks or the obnoxious bachelor/bachelorette parties.For perks, the Sam Boyd group treats their customers well.  For medium heavy bettors, you will get more bang for your buck here than on the strip.
4	The snack bar at the California Hotel and Casino is the best place to go if you're craving food from the Islands. The chopped steak and the shrimp tempura are a couple of my favorites. The saimin is good too.
4	Eh, howzit. Dis is where the locals like stay.Okay, that is my attempt of typing out pigeon. By locals, I mean people visiting from hawaii. I like to play table games here. Never very crowded. What really brings me back here is the Hawaiian food! I've never stayed at this hotel as it's located downtown away from the strip, but it's worth a visit.
2	This is a review of only the hotel, not the casino.We stayed here the 28th and 29th of August, the rooms were clean and comfy, not so large, the bathroom was rather small. We had a super cheap stay though.However, the hotel was filled with Senior Hawaiian half-dead people, which made the entire hotel fill with this distinct old-people smell. We also used the Pool, which was a disappointment, it was on the 13th floor, and was pretty much just a hole in the ground, nothing more to say. The annoying thing was that the neighbouring hotels chambers could easily just look down in the pool and annoy the piss out of everyone.All in all, just about the rooms, it was a cheap, clean and comfy stay, which for that money shouldn't be an issue at all.
2	I definitely like this place because it makes me feel like I am back home on Oahu, but our room wasn't the best... I mean, I guess I shouldn't have expected a lot because I only paid about $39 for the night.... The thing that disgusted me was our shower had a lot of mold in it, and I am not referring to just one spot. There was a few spots... I have e-mailed the hotel and I am waiting to hear back from them...
5	Loved it.If i'm not staying on the strip in the Venetian i'm staying here from now on. At least when i know i'm staying here i'm not going to be expecting much, but at the same time they do a good job and what they do. Kind of reminds me of the Princess Kaiulani in Hawaii where you just need somewhere to stash your luggage while you're out and about.The casino games are cheap, and its got good food for a good price within the hotel itself. The best is being able to get good hot food late at night and you don't feel like you're getting ripped off by some mega-casino eatery.I suggest heading out across the street to fremont experience and got to the ABC store to stock up on snacks alcohol and water.
4	Oldie but goodie is how I sum up the California Hotel in DTLV.  I have stayed once at this hotel as it was dirt cheap.  Our room was clean, well kept.  And for it being downtown, I can actually say I felt safe.  It wasn't the Palazzo, but heck, for the price you pay, it is pretty worth it especially if you are enjoying Vegas on a budget.I also like the fact that this place has cheap eats!  On the 2nd floor of the hotel you can dine and have the best Saimin in town at Aloha Specialties Restaurant.  You have then walk across the way and enjoy an ice cream cone at Lapperts.  When I go to Vegas, these are the two places that I must stop at no matter what.  :)Downstairs they also have their Market Street Cafe which has great deals on pretty good food.  If you eat there after 11 pm, I believe the food is even cheaper!!!
3	Hotel is like an extension of the islands.  Good friends are always there, but the accomodations are mediocre.  Highlight is the eatery called "Aloha Specialties".  Bottom line is that if you are from the islands and miss the aina, then swing on by to hear some pidgin and to get some local grinz.
3	Well i stayed here for about 3 - 4 nights and i loved it here.i actually ran into a friend from hawaii randomly lol so that was great.i havent been home to hawaii in about a year and i already miss it, this place for some reason has a lot of ppl from hawaii and i was loving it. if ur at the slots drinks keep comin just make sure u tip... the more u tip the faster she comes around with ur drinks hahahathe restaurant was amazing to my surprise, the ox tail soup is a winnerthe only thing restricting me from putting 4 stars is the hotel room i stayed in.. every now and then the bath tub had a smell of sewage and there was always black chunks of lord knows what near the drain hole :S luckily this was on the last night we stayed there and i showered in someone elses room lol (yes i notified the staff and they got on it... hope they fixed it =)
4	Just an update for other Yelpers. We were there again this past weekend, and I wanted to provide some updated information. In my last post, I mentioned how safe the Cal is and again a couple of other things justify my opinions and observations. Twice this past weekend, I went looking for my wife to check on her since she is a cancer patient and not doing as well I had hoped. But both times I could not find her but I slowly walked the aisles between the rows of video poker machines where she normally plays. I was looking between the machines and saw her purse and her cigarette case both times. I looked at the credit meter on the machines and she had active credits and money in the machines, but the seat was empty. I asked the women sitting in the adjacent seats where she was and they told me that she went to the bathroom and they were watching her machine and her money for her. This was twice that I again personally saw/experienced this. And one other thing.....my wife said that late on Friday nite (or rather Saturday morning) at 3:00 am, she was playing near one of the entrances/exits from the casino and she was by herself playing since it was very late. One of the security guards, who as I said was armed, stopped by her machine and leaned up against the wall and just waited and watched her as she continued to play for about 45 minutes. She told me that without asking her, or she asking him, my wife knew he was providing security for her since she was by herself, is pretty weak in her condition, and she was very near the exit/entrance. Now again I say, do I need to say anything more about the security at the Cal? They are the best casino that I have ever experienced over 40 years in providing guest security and customer service. And the food again was outstanding. Well, to be truthful something things are good and some things are not-so-good. This is to be expected, but I will comment on the good. Their Friday nite special which is Chinese pork ribs (char siu ribs) is excellent. We always order two dinner portions and split one and take one home for later. In my wife's condition, she does not eat much anyway. And I fill up on the salad and condiment bar since their stuff their is pretty good too. On Sat, I had my special treat for dinner since the chef knew it was our anniversary and he personally asked me last month what I wanted him to make as our anniversary meal. I told him Osso Bucco since that is my favorite meal --- ever! He said you got it and we had that for dinner on Saturday night. Osso Bucco is not on their menu and they never make it since it is costly to make and too labor intensive, but as a favor to us, he did it. I brought a very, very special bottle of Italian Super Tuscan wine with me for our meal and it too was very, very good. I also brought a bottle of Kettle One Vodka for the chef since I knew he drank that. Last comment -- on Sunday nite, we took a couple of friends of my wife to dinner at the Triple-7 brew pub. Again, we ordered the old standby menu choices and shared among us. We ordered a full rack of ribs with bbq sauce, we ordered an order of fish and chips, and we ordered a platter of selected (by us) nigiri sushi choices. We also order ahi poke (raw tuna marinated in a special sauce with sliced cucumbers, sliced red onions, and a good amount of high quality seaweed) and a larger order of Japan Hamachi sashimi. You might be thinking, "what a screwy combination of items to eat for dinner!", but as an expat Hawaiian, we enjoy the cosmopolitan menus offering a combination of all kinds of foods. Everything again was very good. Again, since we have been to this establishment a zillion times over the years, we know the menu by heart and know what is good. So these are some of the good things, but some things are admittedly not-so-good. Next trip I will make it a point to go drink some of their in-house brewed beers and have that with their own brick oven pizzas which are also excellent.
4	A very nice casino. They have $3 blackjack. It's clean. It's safe. The dealers have some personality. The food seems very inexpensive (I didn't eat here) and the drinks are cheap. This is probably my second favorite Downtown casino (behind only Main Street Station). I'm young, and it's not for a young crowd. It is a quiet casino (if that is possible). It's actually really refreshing. After a week in the noise and yelling and constant buzz of slot machines, California is a nice quiet place to play.
5	How can you pass up salad bar or soup, big prime rib , and a free ice cream for 8 bucks?
4	Stayed here for 4 days in September. Had a great time. The room was much bigger than expected and came with a great view. The meals were on the money, especially the Graveyard Specials in the late hours (I think the main restaurant is open 24 hours).  Lots of interesting foods on the menu that have a distinct island flair. Unfortunately, I didn't get to try the oxtail soup (there was a huge line for it). Maybe next time.I should note that I stayed here during the weekend of the Hawaii/UNLV football game. The Cal is THE place to be when Hawaii football is in town. Win or lose, it's a uniquely spirited environment and the hotel hosts lots of events related to the game.Overall, I definitely got my money's worth.
1	The entire hotel smells like SMOKE!  Do not stay here if you have asthma or children.  Your kids will end up getting sick.  I used to like staying here but now that I have kids, I would rather stay at a smoke free hotel.
5	I love staying @ The Cal!! My last 4 trips to Vegas was spent @ The Cal & I love the atmosphere.. Always bumping into somebody from back home in Hawaii!! Market Street Cafe is DA BOMB!! Prime rib for about $8..LOVE IT!!! Everyone is friendly & helpful..Rooms are nice & comfortable.. Hardly spent anytime in the room though...overall, The Cal is best hotel downtown LV has to offer!!
3	I'll keep this quick and short. The place is located down near the Fremont Experience, and it's age shows. The place is aged with smoke and traffic, holding the traditional slot machines that still clink out coins for rewards. The exterior is shiny and flashy, like the nostalgia of old Vegas; unfortunately, old Vegas also exists inside, with the exterior sad and failing. The place is a decent casino, but the real reason this place has relevance is because of it's Market Place Cafe. As a 24 hour cafe, this place contains cheap eats and specials that start only after 11 PM. And one of those specials is a secret that more and more people are finding out, creating longer lines to get into this place. That item is their oxtail soup.The line for Market Place Cafe is much larger than probably most of the people inside the rest of the casino. Their oxtail is known for it's flavor and value, and because of this advantage, keeps the California Hotel & Casino still relevant. The place is small (but not too small like some of the casinos in Fremont Experience), ancient, and quaint. Still, with the Market Place Cafe and some loose slots, this place is easily a destination to visit if you're around these parts of town.
3	Sooooo for us in Hawaii... they say Vegas is the 9th island... so true! With all the Vacations Hawaii packages that hook everyone up at the California Hotel... of course I had to check this place out...Located downtown... and yup... locals (people from Hawaii) everywhere! People wearing "slippers", talking "pidgin"... and eating local foods (saimin, fried noodles, chili, stews, etc)... Casino isn't super big but it gets the job done...  minimum bets for the tables are reasonable! The staff is friendly and the joint is super chill... a little more run down when compared to the strip (in my opinion) but if you're on a budget the prices for the rooms here are super cheap I've heard.Near the Fremont so you can check out the show as well... A-OK hotel!
2	I love the Cal with everything I've got. I've been staying here at least once (and usually twice) a year since I turned 21, and we've even made it a family tradition to meet here for Thanksgiving. I'm a Hawaii girl, and this is the closest I can get to home without flying all that way.It breaks my heart to have to give this two stars, but I don't have any other choice. We checked in today only to find our thermostat broken. It would only blow cold air. Even after it reached its set temperature, it continued to blow cold air rather than turning off. Even if you had it at the hottest setting and the room was frigid, it would only blow cold air.We called the front desk who said they'd send up an engineer. 45 minutes later, the engineer came up (I have to note here that he was the nicest, most polite guy) and said there was no quick fix (he'd have to cut a hole in the ceiling), so we could either have only cold air or only hot air blowing. We asked the front desk to be transferred to another room and were told that they only had smoking rooms available. On both calls, we spoke with the same person (didn't catch her name), and she wasn't apologetic. She even seemed annoyed that we were bothering her.We decided to go down there and speak with the front desk face to face thinking they might be nicer to us if they had to look at us. We were told again that there were no other rooms available. We asked again--surely there was SOMETHING else they could do. Surely our only option wasn't to be uncomfortable for the whole weekend, to be hot or cold or surrounded by cigarette smell. The girl we spoke to, Christina, was very sweet but had just started and didn't seem to know what she could do. She wasn't the person we spoke with on the phone. She enlisted the help of two other employees (neither of whom spoke to us or even made eye contact as they came over to assist) and although they said again (count them, this is the third time) that they could only give us a smoking room, they were magically able to produce a non-smoking room with a working AC unit on the fourth look in the system. (And they only took this fourth look after we asked if we could stay in a room in another of their properties in the area.)Throughout this ordeal, ONLY ONE person (the engineer) apologized for the inconvenience. Seriously? Guys, you're in the service industry. This didn't need to be a big deal. Your poor handling of the situation made it a big deal.I feel so let down.
3	this place is the gambling mecca for the asian peps out there is was crazy walked in here and did not see one whitey.
4	The CALBeing part of the B Connected rewards family sure has its advantages. They don't include the most glitzy or glamorous hotels on the strip, but they can comfortably accommodate you for the most bang for your buck! They have a good selection of hotels like Sam's Town, Fremont, The Orleans, and yes....The CALIFORNIA HOTEL & CASINOThere's nothing like being on the strip, but if you want more of a vintage sin city experience with a hell of a lot less drama, then you'll find exactly THAT as you gamble and party in Downtown Las Vegas. This area is home to many classic hotels and the famous Fremont Street. The CAL is known for having that Island flare. YUP, you'll find a lot of Islanders here and you can tell they make one hell of an influence with the shops and food selection. I'm sure you've already read about Aloha Speciality Restaurant. The line and food wait can get a little long, but sometimes you just have to suck it up. The food is fairly tasty and depending on what you get, you can also find some semi-authentic dishes to chow down on. The seating is unfortunately very limited, so snag a spot as soon as you see any movement during those rush time hours. On to the games!! I can only speak for the black jack tables && let me tell yah, the dealers are, for the most part, awesome and fun. They can be very helpful and can joke around with a good crowd. The cocktail servers circulate pretty often, so I had no complaints in the booze department. I got my fill on free daiquiris and vodka. We enjoyed ourselves so much that my family stayed on the same table for 6 hours straight. Talk about champs!!! I always receive free stays and deals for The CAL but I've never had a chance to take them up on any offer. I guess I've been waiting for the opportune moment. Sure, the hotel aspect doesn't seem to excite me, but if its freeeee...count me in!
4	This review is a bit biased...and I'm giving it 4 stars if you're from Hawaii or someone who likes to hangout with a bunch of people from Hawaii.  Otherwise, this casino would probably get closer to 3 stars at best.Having lived in Hawaii and someday hoping to get back for good, it's good to know that I can go here and be around a bunch of people who also used to live there or still do and are visiting from the islands.For the most part, the casino is pretty old, but that can be good as well since a lot of the slot machines are "old school" and not all fancied up, looking like a video game.  For my parents, that was perfect since the new slot machines are super confusing.Also, if you want local Hawaiian food, they pretty much have that as well.  All types of mixed plates and bentos with food served in Hawaii at your local eatery.Table games are pretty standard, but they did have a $3 blackjack table which was good for my cheap ass.  Overall, I really like going here since the vibe is chill and everyone is friendly.  Just don't expect it to be a fancy casino and you'll be fine.
3	Fun and nice. Love the Hawaiian vibe and local feel.  Too bad I keep losing money in the Casino lol
4	Sorry if I am boring you with these updates.  But some friends asked for an update since I was again there for the New Year's festivities.  So wifey and I also go for the New Year's Eve banquet and festivities.  Lots of fun gabbling and gambling with friends from Hawaii and California and eating till "we could eat no more".  So as usual, we went up on late Friday morning, 12/30.  Got there and our room was ready and all the room extras were there too --- coffee, water, coke, fridge, freezer, and extra towels, blankets, and pillows.  So since everything was A-OK with the room we went downstairs to gamble.  Had fun and played for about four hours then we met some friends for dinner in the Redwood Bar and Grill.  Had my double MacCallan 18 scotch as my cocktail and ordered dinner -- I had crab cakes, Caesar salad, baked potato (loaded), steamed veggies, and rack of lamb (medium rare).  Everything was very good as usual. Had a glass of cabernet too.  Wifey had clam chowder, king crab legs, baked potato, and piece of tri-sauced cheese cake.  She said everything was good too.  Then we went back to the casino floor to gamble.  I went to bed around 12:30 am.At 5:00 am, I woke up to pee and noticed that my wife was still not back in the room.  So I called her on the cell phone and she did not answer.  So I put on my clothes and went downstairs to look for her.  I found her playing video poker in one of the video poker aisles and as I approached, I noticed one of the old time security guards standing at the end of the aisle leaning against the wall.  He saw me and I saw him and he gave me the nod that said that everything was OK.  I know without even asking that he was providing personal security for my wife since he knows us, and knows that my wife is a struggling cancer patient.  I have always said that the Cal's security is the best in Las Vegas!!So I asked my wife if she was going to go to bed soon and she said let's go eat breakfast first.  So we went to eat breakfast -- she had saimin for her breakfast and I had eggs with Portuguese sausage and toast.  After breakfast she wanted to redeem the gift certificate that the casino gave us as our holiday gift ($300).  So we went to the gift shop and I had to wait about an hour while she calculated every penny and used every cent of the gift certificate.  Then she told me to take all the gifts and trinkets to the room and when I asked her what she was going to do, she said she was going back to play some more.I think she finally went to take a nap at around 2 pm.  Since I did not shower that morning, I had to go to the room to shower, shave, and change clothes for the New Year's banquet.  I went up to the room at around 5 pm and met my wife standing in line with her friend for dinner at around 6 pm.  As usual the banquet was very good -- just to mention some of the food items -- prime rib, New York cut steaks, colossal shrimps, oysters (raw and Rockefeller), king crab legs, sashimi, sushi, salmon, sea bass, chicken a million ways, lamb chops, pork chops, roast pork loin, etc. etc. etc.  -- You get the picture; a major pig-out.  I ate my fill as did my wife and she had dessert too.  The only thing I would complain about is that we did not win any cash or the free, first class trip for two to Honolulu during the lucky number drawings.  Boy was I stuffed -- it took all my energy to stay up to midnight to wish everyone A Happy New Years.  The I went to bed.Next morning, my wife slept in since she came to bed at 4 am.  I went to eat breakfast by myself at about 9 am......I had a bacon/green onion omelet with a side order of spam and dry rye toast.  I think my wife order room service later, but I am not sure.  We met for dinner at 7:30 pm in the Pasta Pirate Italian restaurant.  Again I had my double MacCallan 18 cocktail and my appetizer of deep fried calamari.  For my entree I had grilled Chilean Sea Bass with a side of pasta.  My wife had a salad and lobster thermidor.  Then we went to play a little.  Now after three days I was only losing a little; maybe about $1500 since the gambling was very "up and down".  Win some, lose some, win some, lose some.  After playing for a couple of hours at the crap table, I was $300 ahead at craps --- again an up and down table.....cannot win, but at least did not lose too.  So I took the $300 and decided to invest it in the video poker machines.  After playing for an hour or so and losing $250 of the $300, I was playing this one machine and it dealt me the K,Q,J,10 of clubs -- I pushed the draw button and lo and behold the A of clubs came in.  So I won $2000 on this fifty cents machine.  So I quit.  I went to tell my wife that I was going to bed and that I won a sum total of $255 for the whole trip --- a pretty good deal if you ask me, since I alone probably ate and drank at least $800 worth of food and booze.So we went home happy.  And my wife enjoyed herself.
4	The price was very affordable with a large convention in town usually hiking up prices for other hotels! The room was clean and presentable, really simple and it had a fridge (very important for drinks and such). Service was great all around. The hallways and such smelled a bit like smoke, but our room didn't. The bed was a bit stiff, but I was still able to blackout on it and continue my drunken journey the next day. The view outside the window was just of other rooms across the way...wifi wasn't free..so basically I got what I paid for: just a room to crash, but it was clean and maintained.
5	Great restaurants inside . Love'em all. Parking is $1.00 an hour unless you validate you parking stub. Validation stamper located at the cage on your right as soon as you walk in from elevator. I use there parking garage for convenient  parking for events downtown.
5	I've been going here for years, since a couple years of living here (it's been over 20 years now; they say you're a local ), not to stay (hotel), but to eat! For the first few years, we (me and my friends) would eat at the cafe (table service), located at the lower level, and order chicken fingers with rice (where else could you get that?! guess i should mention that there are lots of asian food choices here, too)- this was often times late at night (when my metabolism was super fast), and we had some good times here. The prices were cheap, and I think that it's the reason we kept coming back here.There is also a small cafe (bar seating) on the opposite side, but I only ate here once, so I really can't tell you much, except that it was pretty reasonable. The hawaiian restaurant, located on the second level (up the escalator), Aloha Specialities- this is super popular with guests (Sam Boyd started marketing to Hawaii residents a long time ago; the packages are so cheap for them to come here, like less than $400 and it includes buffet vouchers) and locals alike, especially at lunch time. Well, this is mine and my husband's favorite place for hawaiian food. I even used to come here with my former boss/friend for lunch. I really love the teriyaki chicken plate (skinless), korean spicy chicken plate (skinless), and the saimin (huge bowl!!!) is the best here, too. My husband always gets the kalua and rice plate (comes with mac salad). You order it, pay for it, get the number sign, and when it's ready, someone brings it to your table (fills up quickly). If you can't finish, grab the to-go containers. Simply good hawaiian eats. If you still have some room left, go across the way to Lappert's for the best hawaiian ice cream on the 9th island (Las Vegas' nickname). It's cheap here, too. We always get the Kauai Pie single scoop- coffee ice cream with coconut, chocolate, and macadamia nuts (oh my gosh- this is so YUMMY). I try to finish it, but lately I just give the last few bites to my hubby to finish. Sometimes, if we are in the area, we just come here for the ice cream!FREE parking in the garage; bring your ticket to get validated at the front desk (on the way to the restaurant upstairs). This is a small casino, but it's very popular, and the restaurants are the draw. The attire for the employees are hawaiian shirts.
4	This is a review of the restaurant in the California Hotel & Casino that features a wide assortment of  American and Hawaiian-style foods.  This was my first visit to Las Vegas, but I've been hearing about the food at the Cal for years.  I enjoyed the Won Ton Min and the others in our party ordered falling off the bone tender short ribs or soup/sandwich combos.  Everyone enjoyed their selections; however, I did notice that the rice seemed mushy ... I didn't try it, but the quality of the rice is always a deal breaker with me, so I knocked the rating down a star..
4	Love this place!It's older, but considering its age, pretty well kept.  Today's mission was the Market Street Cafe.  The boys had been drinking, we had just gone ziplining and gambling, we were ready to eat and just wind down.Why Market Street Cafe? I was with a bunch of young Filipino Americans (and 1 Guamanian) and this place has spam and rice haha.OK. So I was the only one that ordered rice (Philippine Plate: tocino, 3 eggs and white rice **bonus** sprinkled with fried garlic... like the real kind... the dry and crunchy but not burnt kind).  We also ordered a Cal Burger, spam and eggs, Wonton Min, Steak and Eggs and Pancakes.  So there's a little bit of everything. 6 people $60 not bad at all.TIPS:* Line was kind of long to get into Market Street Cafe (we arrived around 1230a and they run a bunch of graveyard specials).  Don't forget that you pay on the way out...not the waitress (we were sitting for a while waiting for her to take the check back until we realized this haha)*There was something about a Hawaiian special coupon or something... you might have to ask someone about that for a couple extra bucks off.*I wasn't a fan of the butter fish.  That's all.*If you come earlier in the day, check out Lappert's Ice Cream on the second floor.  There's also a little shop that sells Hawaiian crack seed.  And a restaurant/counter that does lunch plates (which I have yet to try)*They have coin slots! or slots that pay out in actual coins.... i just love the sound the coins make during pay out :)
3	I think how you feel about this place depends on what you are expecting in a casino environment.  It's very old school and attract old school type folk.  This location would not be a repeat for me.
4	After a late night of dancing and gambling... where better to feed the tummy than at the California Hotel.. I think more specifically the Cafe.Their menu has lots of choices but I only come out this far from the strip for the Ox Tail Soup! and I am not the only one... when you glance around tables they are mostly filled with giant soup bowls and the accompanying bowl of rice.  It is a bit far from the strip.  This past time I went the cab driver dropped us off in a sketch area because he wasn't sure where to go.... In my past experiences the taxi driver's usually know where to take you. The ox tail soup is huge and filled with lots of meats carrots and celery.... sometimes a few floating mushrooms. It is always more than I can finish but always hits the spot, especially in the winter time when it is colder out.I haven't gambled much here but their tables are on the cheap side.  Yay low table limits! it means I can stretch out my money longer!
4	This place wants your business and i don't know why i didn't get a players card sooner. So for the last couple of years i decided to signup for a card at casinos i frequent and really didn't expect anything since i average about a couple hundred a weekend and figured at best maybe get one of those cheesy t-shirts well the boyd chain came thru and gave me a comp room for two nights good anytime from jan-feb including weekends so took them up on the deal. Stayed at the california and even though i had to settle for a room in the smoking section only because a buddy could not make up his mind until the last minute the room was okay and didn't have a smoke stench. To be honest i don't think during that time period i had gambled much more frequently at the boyd chain during that time
4	I've been to the Cal a few times and it's starting to grow on me. Before, I thought the "real" Vegas was the Strip but my feelings are quickly changing. I guess your tastes change as you get older. Downtown is so much cheaper and everyone is much friendlier (and less annoying). The rooms here are clean and the housekeeping staff is great about addressing any issues. I will warn you that check-in takes a little longer here and I'm not sure why. The people at the front desk are nice, but move very slowly. Maybe it's the laid-back, island atmosphere?I thought staying downtown would be a hassle because I would need to drive or take a cab to and from the Strip, but it turns out there's no reason to leave! You can gamble here: tables are cheaper, slots are looser and there's Bingo at the Plaza (yes, I'm an old woman at heart)! The Market Cafe in the hotel has awesome, mostly Filipino, food and everything on the menu is really cheap! I  wrote a separate review about it on Yelp. They even have Lappert's Ice Cream which is now my favorite brand! It's creamy and has really great flavors like pineapple/coconut, macadamia nut or kona coffee. And again, it's really cheap!I would stay downtown at the California rather than on the Strip any day!
4	Great place to go after a long day of drinking
5	Did not stay there but gambled and the dealers are probably the nicest in town.  Went downtown just to go to the Cal, I otherwise don't care for downtown.  Some of the poker and slot machines are throwbacks to another era, they take coins and this is a refreshing change (speaking of which, I left with a lot of it).  Played craps mainly and won also, it was lively.  Cal markets heavily to Hawaiians but I didn't feel out of place.  Will consider staying there next time I go to Vegas
4	They should probably change the name from the California Hotel to the Hawaii Hotel.   Seems like no matter who you are, your will guarantee run into someone you know from Hawaii here.Since everyone from Hawaii stays here, and they know it, they have all the dining selection to cater to the people of Hawaii.  Depending on the restaurants, you can get Loco Mocos, Kim Chee Saimin, Spam Musubi, etc.  Best deal is to get the steak and eggs in the market street acafe downstairs behind the escalators.  ($8)There are always packed tables here, and craps they have the golden arm plaque if you're good at shooting craps.  I left plenty of money here for you to win.  Good luck. Side note, if you get put into the old tower (floors 3-8 I think), try move to the newer side, there is more room and it's nicer.
5	Since my last post on the Cal in early Jan 2012, I see where others have posted as well.  And I am happy to see that all the posts have been positive and focused on the things that the Cal does well -- customer service, good prices, good food, and affordable table game limits.  Since my past post, have been back five times already --- yup, that's about every two weeks or so.  Going back next week again for a big slot tournament.  Never won one, even second or third place.  Maybe this time will be a charm.  I could use some gambling money instead of always depositing there.  But my losing is not the Cal's fault.  It is just my damn crappy luck.  Last weekend again, we ate well.  I had the large cut prime rib in the steak house with a loaded baked potato and some Caesar salad....very good and ono.  I had oxtail twice -- one was soup and one was stew.  I had hamburger steak, rice, mac salad, and gravy at the snack bar -- that was very good too.  I had the Sunday brunch at Main Street Station before the bus took us to the Nascar races on Sunday.  That was pretty good too.  And lastly, I had the Pasta Pirate's special spag with meatballs and a crab cake appetizer too.  I try to eat and drink enough to get my money back, but now that I am older, I can't eat and drink that much anymore (just joking).So once again, if you don't mind a simple hotel and casino, without any entertainment or music, but want good service, good prices, and good food, try the California Hotel and Casino.  You will not be disappointed!
4	I had an awesome opportunity to have a Saturday night away from the house as one of my boy toys got a comped room by being an Emerald player's card member. So of course who does he turn to for a mind blowing night of fun... yes yours truly :) Sweet! I have been downtown many times doing the Fremont experience party thing. I have never stepped foot in this property and finally had the chance to check it out and stay the night!I was very pleased with the room, very pretty, fresh and clean as well as modern! A fantastic comfortable king size bed to enjoy as well. I was super surprised at how nice the room was when the door opened which included a nice little seating area and table where we cut our limes and had or drinkies.A bonus is the rooms have refrigerators which kept our goodies cold that we brought to enjoy through out the night.We brought a bottle of wine and forgot a cork, we took it down to the bar and they popped it for us, so awesome! The hotel staff is awesome all the way around!Plenty of options and I like how it is connected via corridor to Main street station hotel and casino!Parking is free for all guest staying at the hotel, the front desk will issue a parking pass for your stay :)I would for sure recommend this property for anyone staying downtown! A fantastic pretty and clean modern room as well as an awesome hotel staff!Aloha!
4	Love the Cal... It's old school. It's downtown. It's local. It's Hawaiian. I feel quite at home there, to be honest. Not just because all the dealers all were aloha shirts. Not because the cafe upstairs called Aloha Specialties is my favorite hawaiian food stop whenever i'm in Vegas. Not because it houses Lappert's ice cream which is oh so very delicious ice cream from Hawaii. Not because I always buy li hing mui snacks & banana chips from Aloha 808. Not because of the famous oxtail soup served downstairs at Market Street Cafe after 11pm that cause the verrrry long lines on weekend late nights. I like the Cal because it's chill there. And chill in Vegas is rare these days. That's why I like it.The staff at the Cal are very nice. No attitude. Totally helpful. My friends win there. They like it. We've been going to the Cal ever since my friends started playing in the Las Vegas Invitational annual basketball tournament. The Cal sponsors this tournament every year. It's always a treat to go back every Sept.Last trip to Vegas, we valet the car, walk into the Cal and there were hula dancers, cake cutting and singing. So much in the air... They were celebrating the 37th anniversary of the hotel. They were giving out slices of cake to everyone that walked in the door. There was guava cake & chocolate dobash. It was delish... Shoulda gone back for seconds. Cant be greedy, though. That's not the aloha spirit.Valet is very quick. It's a small hotel. Doesn't take very long to retrieve your car. Always friendly. There are times when valet gets full. There's self park at the Cal or across the street in an uncovered parking lot. I'm guaranteed to be back to Cal very soon.
3	Ok, this place is a really cool place to be if you want to be a cheap mother-spender.  I'm talking about, if you get drunk in Fremont Street, and need something to eat?  Go to the California Hotel.  Graveyard specials are so affordable, but satisfying at the sametime, I would still go there after 12midnight.  The only risk of going there, is being FILIPINO!! Because if you are, you're at the risk of bumping into someone who is a relative. Hahahaha!! Auntie, Uncle, Cousins, etc.etc... But the deal for a meal, is for real!!!!
3	I love staying in hotels. Of course I'd love a 4-5 star experience every time, but often a 2-3 star is what I can afford.  Being a travel agent, however, does allow me opportunities to visit properties I may otherwise not have tried.  I had an opportunity to stay in old, downtown Vegas and decided to check out the California Hotel.   This affordable Fremont-area hotel is perfect for tourists and locals alike- as long as you don't come for the hotel itself. Not that the hotel is bad. My room was barebones with little decor to speak of, but does the job of providing a clean, relatively peaceful and quite safe place to sleep.  The room has a small fridge and a "safe" that is big enough to fit one average-sized laptop, perhaps.  Wi-fi is TERRIBLE. It is provided by a third party, costs 9.99 for 24 hours, and was almost useless at times due to lag.  The view from my 17th floor window was of a parking garage above a pile of garbage bags. TV  channel selection is paltry.  The beds arent plush, but I slept like a baby, and that's all that matters.  The bathroom is serviceable but if you have bad knees you will not like the toilet. I have never seen a toilet so low to the floor! The shower/tub was great, though.  I tried room service and liked it quite a bit. Perfectly done hash browns, nicely buttered toast. I've had worst breakfasts at higher-rated hotels. Breakfast is all they offer, and service ends at 11:30 a.m.. It can take 45 minutes for delivery. The woman taking the order was very pleasant, and the delivery guy was sooooo nice! Both are treasures.  Food from the tiny Cali Club was pretty bad-to-mediocre, in my opinion. Now for the casino: not my type. Kinda small, crowded, somewhat smokey, terrible food offerings from the Pub.  Employees were friendly and security was quite visible.  The crowd consists mainly of elderly Hawaiians and some slightly inebriated younger men.  Children were scarce. Clothing styles range from why-did-you-leave-the-house-in-that-mess to neat/casual. So my overall verdict is a thumbs-up as long as you're here to see Vegas and not to experience a "hotel vacation".  There just isnt much reason to hang out in the room unless you're simply too tired to go anywhere.   My reason for coming was to experience Fremont rather than the hotel- which, in the end,  made this a great place to stay. .
5	love it!!!! room are nice and they have great food !!! plus lapperts is in there. only downside is it is a pepsi establishment... but cal club is downstairs and then808 store is upstairs and there is a walkway you can take from the cal to main street!
3	This place is definitely showing its age in the casino area and it's way too smokey! The rooms I believe were renovated sometime back but still looks very decent. We only visit when my grandparents are there the same time as we are...or when we are craving local food and while we are there we end up trying to gamble a little. My husband and I always stay at Aria in one of their amazing suites. We love the atmosphere of this place because of the guests. The dealers are alright, you get some of the funny ones, others are really nice and the rest are just flat out rude. The minimum bets on the tables here are ridiculously low so it's great for those on a budget who are looking to stretch their money or for you first timers who are looking to learn.  Something that truly amazed me, in a negative way, is when the attendants have to pay you your winnings out on the slot machines...just say you win $1,000. They will give you 9 $100 and 5 $20...why? Because they are expecting you to give them a minimum of $20 in tip just for paying you what you won!  Guests are already paying the employees their wages by gambling thousands of dollars away and the retirees go up every couple of months. They will never do that on the strip. My husband got the royal flush on the $1 poker machine at the Venetian which is $4,000 and they didn't give him 39 $100 and 5 $20 so they could get tipped! it's ridiculous how these people want to take advantage of the local and older people.
4	This place was nice. We booked our room in November 2011 for Memorial day 2012 and got an excellent rate. We were just a few blocks from Fremont street and walked back and forth with great ease.  The rooms were very clean and for the price that we prepaid ($38) it was VERY worth it. The only complaint I had was that we requested 1 king bed and 2 queens in another room and when we checked in they were sold out of king beds. Found that very odd seeing we booked 6 months in advance, but still for the price we paid it was a great experience!!The gaming is alright there were not many variety of machines, but again the rooms were great. They also have a walk way to the Main Street casino.
5	Chris is the best server at the cafe downstairs. The slots are loose. The rooms are nicely kept. The parking is often a pain but that's OK. I like this side of Vegas every once in a while. It makes up for the craziness that is on the strip. There are a lot more old vintage-y things to see here. There is a lot more history here, that's for sure. I read up on the Japanese American and Hawaiian history here, esp with the California hotel. After that, this was especially interesting to see. This is a comfy place with very sweet workers. It's like being around family all the time. Nice!
3	Okay, I will admit right off the bat that I'm not a fan of Vega$. The place is a hell hole (the high was 106 when we were there the first weekend in June!) and it's really just an elaborate (and I mean really elaborate) way to con people out of their money. So, why were we there? Celebrating a friend's birthday. We were only spending one night and we wanted to stay someplace decent, but not too expensive. The California fit the bill. It was nice but not ostentatious; we're not those kinds of people--not Motel 6, but not too fancy either. The room was clean and comfortable. I did not like that internet service wasn't free. Come on, what century are we in? This is VERY uncommon and cost you a star. The view from our room was pretty crappy as well--a parking garage? Bleh. We could also hear the pounding music from Fremont until the wee hours. Can we do something about outside noise, maybe? Which brings me to noise--our air conditioner was so loud that we had to lean a chair against it to muffle the noise or we wouldn't have been able to sleep. I'm not going to complain about the casino, because I would complain about every casino--nasty, smoky places. A positive is that I forgot my book in the room and we were able to retrieve it several hours later, even though we had checked out. I really appreciated that. So, all in all, the room was okay, but nothing really special. Free Wi-Fi would have made our stay much nicer!
5	I live in Alaska and enjoy going to the islands as often as possible. However, this summer business dictated that I go to Las Vegas (OK, but I'd really rather go to Hawaii). Then I discovered the California. WOW! What a great place! I've traveled a lot but have never encountered such thoughtful, generous, and welcoming staff (well, OK, on the islands I have). I'm definitely going to make the Cal a must stop place EVERY time I come to Vegas.
4	OK; you folks that follow my reviews must be getting sick of my comments regarding "The Cal".  But I thought an update would be appropriate again.  Just a short update -- we just came back from a 3 day weekend.  As usual the service was friendly and excellent.  And again my crazy wife who is sick, stayed up all night playing video poker, and I had to go downstairs early at 6 am to look for her when I got up and discovered that she did not come up to the room.  Again when I went down, I found her playing by herself on a machine in a corner, and one of the security guards was standing off on the side, leaning up against the wall and I knew he was providing her with personal security due to her frailties.  When I saw him and he saw me, he nodded with that look that said everything is OK here.Some comments about some of our food -- Friday night we ate a simple dinner at the snack bar.  I had the hamburger steak and macaroni salad.  I have had this entree before but this time the burger was freaking huge; maybe about 3/4 pound.  And it was very, very tasty.  My wife ate a "bento" and it was good too.One day we had oxtail stew in the cafe.  Again I have had this dish many times before but this time, the taste was better.  I cannot put my finger on it, but it was even more tasty.  And the oxtails were cooked perfectly!  Just some prodding with my fork made the meat  "fall of the bones".  And on Sunday night, we ate at the Redwood steakhouse again.  My wife's appetizer called "seafood medley", was excellent.  They take an escargot dish with the five depressions in it and fill each depression with an oyster, a shrimp, a scallop, lump crab meat, and a piece of lobster.  Then they put some cream sauce over everything and put cheese on the top and bake it until it is golden brown.  They serve it with garlic toast and my wife says it is excellent  -- it would make a good entree, but probably too rich as an entree and people couldn't eat that much of it.I ordered (again) the "Redwood Cut" of prime rib.  This time the cut was noticeably smaller....I asked our server and she said yes, it is now 28 ounces instead of 32.  When I asked her why they did this, she said she did not know.  My theory is that 32 ounces was too big anyway for most people, so 28 ounces is still pretty big.  As usual, I ate 1/3 and took the other 2/3 home for my "girls (three dogs)".  Just out of anal curiosity, I looked at the menu again and they even lowered the price of the prime rib -- I guess to match the reduction in size.  The price used to be $38 but now it is down to $30.  And yes, it is real prime rib, slow roasted and cooked to perfection.  After drinking my two double MacCallan 18's, eating my Caesar Salad, my  "loaded" baked potato, and steamed asparagus, I was full.  But my wife ordered a dessert which she normally takes two bites of and is done.  But this time she ordered some kind of apple crisp dessert --- looked like a piece of dutch apple pie with whipped cream on top.  She said it was excellent and ate it all.  Well, it must have been excellent for her to eat it all.  Oh yeah, if anyone is interested, my wife again order her king crab legs and ate maybe 1/3 too.  But nothing will go to waste.  We wrap everything up and take it to the room and either refrigerate it or freeze it and take it home.  Either we eat it or our girls will eat it all, so nothing goes to waste.
3	For Hawaii residents a home away from home.This is one of the few hotels you were ever go to, that is out of Hawaii, that you can find people roaming the corridors in rubber slippers, tshirt and shorts ready to spend bucks on the table (gambling).The dealers are much more friendlier than any one the strip which is great for someone like me who likes to talk a little with them. Lapperts ice cream on the Mezzanine is a must and let's not forget the oxtail soup. Eating oxtail soup at 4 o'clock in the morning after spending 9 hours on the tables really just hits the spot. Any other time their oxtail soup isn't anything special but for some reason anytime between 2 am and 6 am it is just on point. I already had my blackjack time locked and loaded but now I am a new fan of the penny machines. More specifically the fishing on the mezzanine next to the sports book. The fishing bonuses are crazy but it is best to play when there are few to none sitting down. Guaranteed a fishing bonus will pop up. I cannot wait to go back.
3	I'm so tired of this place.  It needs to be renovated.  When I was a kid, I remember my parents dragging me to Las Vegas every summer.  I hated Las Vegas.  At the time there wasn't a lot to do if you're a child.  Now there's a ton of stuff to make Las Vegas a family friendly vacation destination.  Sorry to say, the California looks so beat up and run down.  Please just tear the hotel and casino down and start over.  People from Hawaii love the Cal, but if they don't do something to improve the facilities Boyd Gaming will lose all their loyal patrons to the Las Vegas Strip casinos, which are really affordable now.
3	What can I really say about this place. The only reason I still have to come here is because I usually have no choice. There is free parking at Main Street Station and we all know that Main Street Station has a bridge to the California. It's the easiest way to get to Fremont Street. A lot of my Yelp friends already know the story about how I had a very violent past. I couldn't find a job, my girlfriend left me, and I was living in a car.  Now, being a former law school student who is unemployed, and living in a car will do some really f*cked up things to your mental state. I became obsessed about getting revenge against society for the atrocities they had committed against me, and I made the decision to come to Las Vegas to cheat, assault, and steal my way to the top. Around June of 2009, I began living on Fremont Street under an alternate identity. I lived at the Golden Gate due to the room rates being $17 a night back then. But, every 2 weeks the hotel would kick me out because they had a policy stating that no guest could stay over 14 days. So, that's when I would stay at the CALIFORNIA for a few days. Back then I was a total degenerate and had  accumulated so many comps at CALIFORNIA that they would send me frequent mailers to stay at their hotel for free. The CALIFORNIA is such a low limit casino that if you throw around a few Green Chips for only about an hour, you will get tons and tons of free room offers in the mail for months. They also have a restaurant named PASTA PIRATE. I know that name sounds really stupid, but the place is actually pretty good. I don't know where the hell they came up with the name "Pasta Pirate"?? I personally would have named the place "Pasta Platypus" "Pasta Pervert" or "Pontius Pasta Pilate" or something like that...Most the clientele  here are Hawaiian. The vast majority of people I run into are Japanese-Hawaiian or Korean-Hawaiian. Also, the theme of this casinos is very Hawaiian/Tropical. They really should change the name of this casinos to sometime more Hawaii related. The name CALIFORNIA just doesn't make sense here.  Recently, I decided to try the Hawaiian restaurant near the Ogden entrance. The moment I walked in, I was approached by a woman with fake bleached blonde hair, who kept telling me she was "half-asian". I tried to ignore her, but she kept going way out of her way to try to get my full attention. She kept constantly letting me know how good looking she thought I was. Now, I am one of those guys who get offended when a woman tells me that I am "good looking" because that statement is literally the biggest understatement of the century. So, when she said that to me, I immediately rolled my eyes and replied: "Pfftt! Yeah, I know." Well, she just wouldn't stop no matter what and kept letting me know that she was "up for doing anything". 9 out of 10 times, I would walk away from this, but I had just gotten off work and was really tired so uncharacteristically I was like what ev-, and I left with her. The moment we got up to her room, the horror occurred. She practically got me ready to go, and then this messed up looking dude comes out of the bathroom in his underwear. At that moment, I was like "Oh My Fucking Gawd! It's a trap!" I was ready to fight my way out, through the narrow hallway(just like this:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRBwvIX7Sao ), but then the chick tells me that the guy is her husband and that he wanted her to find a 2nd guy for their bizarre alternate 3-way. Believe me, I never ran to an elevator that fast in my life. I was lucky to escape that time. Typical day in Las Vegas for me...
3	Although this place reminds me of home, I don't really consider this place a must see, unless I'm visiting my Hawaiian family who typically stays here, or to get my Hawaiian food fix late at night.  Sunday night was the Hawaiian food fix.Compared to other places in Vegas, this place is smokey and definitely outdated.  Compared to other casinos downtown (excluding the Golden Nugget), the Cal is top notch! LOL.  I do enjoy a few things.  There's the big Buddah in the front.  Idea is to rub his belly for good luck.  There's coin operated slot machines.  You can really envision old Vegas when you hear the sound of coins falling.  I love that their parking structure validates 4 free hours.  The rooms are actually nice.  Not the best, but good for the $70 a night cost.  I really like Market Street Cafe and the shops and Hawaiian cafe upstairs.  As I mentioned before, it's not my favorite pick, but it's not bad at all.  I would say it's ok.  If you're Hawaiian or love Hawaiian food/people, definitely make your way up there.  It'll feel like you're visiting Hawaii.  I promise.
4	In all the years I've frequented Vegas, I've made my way to California hotel & casino more than a handful of times.  This is probably only the third time I've actually stayed at this hotel, while all the other times, we just made our way here to gamble and eat at their infamous Aloha Specialties restaurant on the second floor.  First off, as far as the hotel stay is concerned, this place gets only a 2.  There are only 2 pillows on the bed and they are far from firm, which is what I need to support my neck while sleeping.  I had to stack the pillows to get some type of support.  The AC can't seem to get any colder.  As soon as we checked in, I boosted the AC from low to high and couldn't tell the difference.  The layout was pretty weird for me.  Usually the AC is situated next to the bed, but their unit was next to the bathroom, far from the beds, which is probably why we could hardly feel the coolness.  On the upside, there was a mini-fridge in the room, which is always something I look for because I like my bottled water nice and cold.The casino is what makes this a 4-star place for me.  Their casino isn't quite as packed and their minimum bets on the tables are much lower than the casinos on the strip.  On top of this, as previously mentioned, they have Aloha Specialties upstairs with affordable but delicious Hawaiian food.  After a full day of gambling, that joint hits the spot.
4	This place is old but going through a well needed renovation. It has a spacious casino and is at the end of Freemont Street. They seemed under staffed but the staff they do have are very attentive and eager to help. The crowds are different and less snooty than on the strip but also have a handful of obviously over intoxicated drunkards. You'll find a few 21 year olds enjoying Vegas on the cheap and a ton of elders roving around in wheel chairs with their oxygen tanks... But hey it's Vegas baby!
4	The 9th Island... so we call it... and Home of the BEST OXTAIL Soup... The Cal is home to a lot of Hawaii residents who travels to Vegas.   I guess it's because of the package deals you can get.  I for one enjoy coming here because of the Hawaii Local atmosphere.  You can really feel the Aloha Spirit from other vacationers.  I've been told that the gambling in the downtown is better than on the strip... again that's hearsay but I've been pretty lucky myself.  Late night dining available after a night out of gambling or site seeing.  Rooms are clean but not the newest. Front desk staff and Valet team members are nice.  If you ever need a pigin to da max fix, this is the place to be.
3	I ordered loco moco it was good, but my meat was dry.  The service was okay.  They were all nice. They were really busy, but it took us almost 30 mins to get our food.  My sister ordered a steak med done and when she got it was burnt, so she returned it back.  I've been here before and the food was better.
4	Craps, craps craps!
4	My husband and I had a "staycation" and decided to spend the weekend downtown.  We got some incredible rates on a room and we made the best of it.  I even got to spend some time at the tables, playing a little 3-card and blackjack.  Although I am just playing for fun, I don't mind sitting at a table for a few hours even if I end of walking away without anything left.  For me, it's a couple hours of fun entertainment.  It would be the same as spending money on dinner and a movie.  On the other hand, my husband cannot stand it and gives me grief about playing. Let's just say, he's not much of a gambler.  All and in all, I love playing table games and at the Cal, the dealers are friendly and I enjoy myself.
5	I can't really speak to the hotel/casino itself since I haven't really used those services, but that's alright because there's this huge sign that tells people to park there. I've parked in their parking garage twice, and both times have been pleasant experiences. There's quick validaiton downstairs next to the cashier's booth (need to slide the parking ticket into the machine). After that, a few minutes' walk to Fremont Street and it's a great evening.I'm told that the theme here is Hawaiian, which makes no sense because it's called California, but hey, can't complain about free parking.
4	Always get to stay in a suite when we're there. Wish they didn't switch to Pepsi. Hmmm.... Sorry. I have to take back a star for that. 5 stars again when they have coke again.
4	Ox tail soup special after 11pm. market Street Cafe.
4	Yes...I am a fan.  Always been a fan for the Fremont Experience. I still consider the California as part of the Fremont Experience since it's so close. I actually come out to the California for one thing and one thing only....The Market Street Cafe.  Pros:-$5 Table Games:  3 Card Poker, Black Jack, etc.  Sure better than those $25 games on the strip.  -Old School Slots:  This place still has the slot machines where you actually have to put coins in.  I don't play slots, but there's a nostalgia about this.-Ambiance:  This could be shocking to most, but I love the ambiance here.  Got that home atmosphere for sure.  A lot of the dealers, patrons, and even waitresses remind me of my parents.  If I am missing them, I will simply go to the California.  Some of the nicest locals here too.  -Market Street Cafe:  Main reason I come out here.  See Reviews. Cons:-Old-Smoke Filled-Small-Parking:  Just park at the Main Street Parking (free if you have a B-Connect Card).
4	Brush up on your pigeon bra, cuz you'll need it to understand your fellow patrons. Felt like I was back on the islands with all the aloha spirit everywhere. I didn't really gamble here but definitely came here for some late night eats. You know I had to try the oxtail soup! The soup base was tasty and the meat was a good portion. When you're in old Vegas be sure to stop on by. This place needs shaved ice w/ condensed milk & mango ice cream.
3	They need to call this the "Hawaii Hotel & Casino". Totally focused on the Hawaiian Vegas goer. It's cool. Inexpensive and service is okay. I feel safe and comfortable, 'cause it's like I never left Honolulu.It's not a glamorous hotel, but who needs one when you're here to gamble! You just need a nice place to shower and nap, because sleeping is nonsense in Vegas. Hit up Market Street Cafe for some local grub while you're at it.
4	My favorite place to stay downtown. Love the island feel and especially the eats they got here. Won ton saimin rocks. Best snack shop. Table stakes are low which is what I like. Haven't received any comp yet but hoping for something soon.
2	Some things never change. Some things really should.In my opinion, the California Hotel falls into the latter category. Maybe it's because the strip mega resorts have spoiled me with their high ceilings, gourmet restaurants, nite clubs and newer games but whatever the case, IMO the California Hotel hasn't aged very gracefully. For me, its like this - there's a stain on your carpet. If you leave it there, over time it kind of gives it some character. It comes with a story. However, in the case of the California Hotel, the stain just makes the place dirty and old. I know a lot of people frequent the California, some of my family included - however, after hearing about how much the package deals are, I'd rather pay a little more, get a little more and experience a little more too.
3	Room is spacious and clean, but very dated. The Hawaii of Las Vegas.Plus: PriceQuiet fan/heater in bathroom. Excellent water pressure in shower and HOT too! Soft mattress and pillows.Home of Aloha Specialties Restaurant - yum!Plenty of parkingMinus: Defective and noisy window. Slow flushing toilet. Shower head ideal for 5'6" and UNDER!Wifi - $9.99/day
3	My family and I stay at The California has always been a tradition. This time I went just myself to get away. It went from great to decent in the last few years. The staff is still friendly and helpful. Still don't understand about the $9.99/day for wifi. They haven't done any renovations and everything seems outdated. I hope in the near future they make a come back. But for now it's just a good place that's more decent than a Motel 6.
4	An oldie but goodie.  This is your typical "classic" Vegas spot....but they have some great restaurants!Check out Aloha Specialties for cheap Hawaiian eats, the Cafe for graveyard specials (including oxtail soup!), and the Redwood Grille for a reasonably priced steakhouse.Never stayed at the rooms before, but as long as you don't mind thousands of Hawaiians running around, you'll do just fine here LOL.
3	If compared to the bellagio or any other places on the strip it would def rank 1 star. But to common hotel standards it's not bad. All the staff are so friendly. They said good morning and are so polite. The casino is so so though. It looks like a Dave and busters. They do have $5 buy in though for blackjack. It's very similar to Atlantic city. The room I stayed at is very nice and clean. The fabrics are of okay quality. But it's super cheap! $50 a nite! Wa wa we wa!
4	OK; I have written multiple reviews about this place before.  So I will not bore you with my repeated diatribe.  But I did want to update my comments about the food scene.I will also note that we went to attend the 2013 Las Vegas 400 NASCAR race and also witnessed the last flyover by the Air Force's Thunderbirds.My son and I ate at the Redwood Bar and grill again.  As usual, our favorite gal waited on us and gave us superior service (as usual).  I had a Caesar salad, the Redwood cut of prime rib, and a loaded baked potato.  This meal comes with our special bread and steamed veggies.  My son calls this cut of meat the Fred Flintstone cut -- it is now 28 ounces, used to be 32 ounces a couple of years ago, and was even larger at 36 ounces even before that.  The best part is that the meat is indeed Prime beef in grade and expertly roasted.  I love it and can eat only about 1/3 and I always take the other 2/3 home to my three girls (little dogs).My son ordered a 16 ounce cowboy, bone-in rib steak (super rare) and added two lobster tails too.  He also ordered some oysters on the half shell, a mixed salad, and a loaded baked potato.  He only ate maybe 1/3 of his steak, and took the rest home for his dogs too, but he ate the rest of what he ordered.  And again, I think our liquor bill was higher than our food bill -- so you can imagine how much he drinks.We also ate oxtail soup for breakfast on the day we left.  As usual, it was good.  My home made version is better, but WTH, it was pretty good anyway and large in portion so we liked it.
3	One of the older casino's in Vegas where the dealers can be very friendly and the casino has low minimum bets to ensure a good time. The downsides, they have only a corner spot on Fremont St. and their parking is not even free! When in downtown vegas, I prefer the golden nugget. But, if you're looking for a place to have a good time and not spend the bank to gamble, the California is a good spot.
4	Wanted to try the ox tail soup from the cafe in the first floor, but it was too early (starts at 11PM). But it was all good cuz we had the prime rib special ($10). It was awesome! Plus u cant beat the price. They also had other good stuff on the menu (saimin, moco loco, riblets). Staff has room for improvement, but the food is the shiznit!Def going back next time I'm in Vegas!
4	I am not writing a review on the hotel as much as one of my favorite, no frills, unpretentious restaurants in downtown Las Vegas. Yes, this place is smoky like all of the other old casinos are down here, except for Golden Nugget.When you walk into the casino, you will immediately notice that this is a low key casino. No need to pretend to be a high roller here. Leave your fur coat at home. Even faux fur is too expensive for this place. Hawaiian shirts rule the roost. Everything is Hawaiian themed. As they should be since the casino markets to the Hawaiian islands and that is where a lot of its customers come from.Take a long winding road to the right around the reservations counter, snake around the cashier's and all the way to the back on the right will be Market Street Cafe.The 2 best things here are the price and the quantity of course, served the old Las Vegas way. Big portions at cheap prices. The food is very good actually. Whether you order the 2 eggs, 2 sausages, hash brown special for $3.49 or the $10 prime rib or $10 oxtail soup. I mainly come here for the prime rib and salad for $10. This is served from 4-10pm. It changes to the ever popular oxtail soup after 10.The prime rib/salad comes with all you can eat salad, prime rib, and a ice cream dessert at the end. The salad is actually very good. Composed of things like lettuce, carrots, tomatoes, imitation crab meat, maccaroni, potato salad, tofu. California rolls, edamame soy beans, etc. It's quite good actually.The prime rib usually comes out pretty tasty as well. It's not the thickest slick but it's not bad either. About the size of a 16oz steak I suppose.The oxtail soup comes with tasty soup cooked with peanuts, cilantro, green onions, celery. A bowl of rice comes on the side along with chopped ginger. I just throw them into the big bowl they give you.Most of these dishes can feed a Hawaiian footballer. So there you go. If you are looking for a nice hole in the wall. Come put your head threw the hole here and save your wallet from having a hole in the wall after gambling. If you are into that.
4	One of my favorite cheesy downtown Vegas hotels... Nothing fancy. But i like it alot. NICE friendly employees and a bomb Hawaiian restaurant upstairs. Keeping it real here. lots of locals
1	My family and I have been staying at the Cal for many years as part of the Vacations Hawaii Package.  I have to say that I was really disappointed with the service at the Market Street Cafe.  We ate there four times during our stay 2 weeks ago and service was horrendous.  Each time we waited at least 5-10 min for anyone to come by to take a drink order and then another 10 min for the waiter to take our order, same thing for a refill, for some extra napkins-soooo painful!  they really need to reevaluate their service and get better help.
4	we get free rooms so i can't complain.  i love how you don't have to impress when you are downtown.  just pure gambling!
5	When I come to Vegas this is the hotel I usually stay at or try to. I usually get comped rooms too so of course that's why i love staying here lol. I love the Aloha spirit and atmosphere here of course you'll always run into someone you know, went to school with or relatives it's like Hawaii away from Hawaii here they have Hawaiian foods and goodies here. Doesn't get too crowded here like before. Nice place to check out if you are ever in Downtown Las Vegas.
4	I've found that for me when in Vegas solo, staying on Freemont is much more desirable than the strip. It's a different vibe, much more casual with little to no "flossin" which suits me just fine. Food and gambling options are plentiful with much less traffic. I stayed here at the California over July 4th weekend to attend the UFC Expo/UFC162. It was far better than I expected. Free self parking was easy to access. Garage elevator drops you right at check in so no dragging bags across the world. Checked in early without a problem. Room was clean with a modern feel, fridge in room. Stayed in the west tower. The casino wasn't painfully large like those on the strip. A quick walk through and you can find what you want. I didn't partake in the food options here. I really like the Triple 7 Brewpub at Main Street which is connected via a covered walkway so I pretty much ate/drank their the whole time. Another pleasant suprise was the abundance of hot asian chicks and for a guy with the fetish, I was sold on this place forever, lol. Lost 1 star for not having free wifi but I have my own broadband connection so I was good. For $40 a night over a holiday weekend, couldn't have asked for a better spot.
3	I hate to admit it, but this is the hotel I stayed at the most since I was 12 years old. Thanks to my parents, this is one of their favorite places to stay.The hotel is in downtown Las Vegas (about 11 miles from the strip.) The California Hotel is connected to Main Street hotel and both hotels cater to pacific islanders mainly from Hawaii (being half Hawaiian I favor this hotel to others in the area). Although this hotel is far from the strip, there are lots to do here. For families you can go to the Fremont Street Experience (which is a little less than a mile walk under an overhang which plays music in the daytime and shows at night. ) There are also others casinos in the area. Anyways, the California hotel is a decent place to stay. The rooms are nice but they were bigger when I was 12.
3	Stayed here while I was in Vegas. They are downtown I believe and had construction around their property.The first thing you'll notice, walking into the hotel is the Buddha statue. Rub his tummy for some luck!Lobby is nearby. I had problems with my key though. I had to come back down because my door wouldn't open. Stayed in the west tower.My room only had one bedroom. The window wouldn't open all the way just a small portion. I had a mini fridge and TV. Nothing special about the room. Just simple.Aside from the lobby and mezzanine they only have 10 floors starting from 13 to 23.On the mezzanine floor there are some small shops and food places. It also contacts to the Main Street Hotel.Also by the end of our stay one of the elevators stopped working.
4	It's old school. I notice a lot of people that come here are pretty laid back and mostly retired. I do trust their instinct in gambling though they are pros. If you wanna make money or learn black  jacks but don't want to spend loads of $$ this is the place to be.
4	So, after carefully reviewing online where I could get a good quality prime rib dinner for a low price, I found the California Hotel popping up over and over again.  I have to admit, I was most attracted to the location, the price and the amenities (it includes dessert--cherries jubilee!).When you walk into the California, be prepared to step back...WAY BACK to those "cancer-in-the-air" days of old Las Vegas, where it seems nearly everyone smokes.  What I also found interesting was how this casino still takes coins, too!  Now that IS a step back!You'll also notice that the California Hotel apparently caters head over heels to people of the Asian/Pacific Islander persuasion.  I thought I was in the South Pacific again!  After a few minutes, I realized I might have to learn some Tagalog before the night was over, because it was spoken fluently and loudly everywhere in this place (lol).So, when you meander to the back of the house (just under the escalators) you'll find the Market Street Cafe, which serves the prime rib dinner I'm reviewing here (as well as a full menu of other international dishes -- mostly Asian).  I was warned the line would be long, but it wasn't.  I visited on a Monday around 7:30pm.  After only a five minute wait in line, I was seated next to the kitchen entrance.  NO.  I don't think so.  The hostess must have never learned that a kitchen entrance table is the WORST in the house!  There were open tables everywhere, so, I selected my own.  After seating myself right next to the salad bar, I noticed it was well-stocked.  So much so that I found myself actually growing hungrier and looking forward to digging in.  And I have a LapBand.  But I dug in anyway!  Honestly, I found the salad bar delicious.  There were probably more than 50 items on it, all well-chilled and fresh, and twice I saw attendants making sure it was in tip-top shape.  And I'm NOT a salad bar kind of guy!  And don't get me started on what I think about open buffets! I ordered the prime rib and it was prepared just as promised -- juicy and with all the "trimmin's" (a baked potato, sauteed fresh green beans, unlimited salad bar and later on, a nice cherries jubilee dessert.  Now, I wouldn't compare the California's prime rib to Lawry's in Las Vegas, but hey, what do you expect for $9.99?As for the prime rib taste and quality, it was indeed very juicy, seasoned well in its own jus, but also quite fatty.  When I was finished eating, there was a pile of fat and gristle I'd cut away and piled on another plate.  Again, what does one expect?Overall, I'd recommend this restaurant to people who want a good dinner value, who are hungry, and don't want to spend more than $10 on a decent prime rib dinner.
2	Good location downtown, rooms too dark for me.
4	NOTE: Attention all yelpers! This is where you go if you want to play those old authentic dollar COIN MACHINES in Vegas!Most other casinos have quarter machines that take both cash and coins.Overall a great little hotel. We love coming here weekly for their delicious Hawaiian food and ice cream upstairs.
5	Overall great hotel if you're on a budget.   If you have a Hawaiian birth certificate, you will get a discount and free food.   I stayed there over the 4th of July holiday for a family reunion and it was great for the price we paid.  The outside surrounding area is a little scary.   Don't go to the Gangster Museum, waste of money, it's only a block away.
4	If you are looking for a pleasant place to stay with a very casual atmosphere, The Cal is the play to be!  My wife and I stayed here over labor day weekend as it was the most reasonably priced hotel I could recognize (there's a ton of cheaper places, but in Vegas, you just don't want to take 'that' gamble).  The room was roomy, pleasantly decorated and the beds were super comfy.  The valet staff was relaxed yet expedient in taking and retrieving my vehicle.  The restaurant was modestly priced, if not cheap!  Their breakfast buffet was small, but perfect!  For about $7 you get coffee and all you can eat yummy breakfast food!  I just keep telling folks, all the staff wears Hawaiian shirts, so of course their at ease.  I also appreciate that the Cal hasn't resorted to the obnoxious gimmicks that the other downtown hotels have resorted to.  It's a comfortable place to stay, a friendly place to gamble and I feel welcomed as a guest.
3	This hotel is filled with people who visit from California and Hawaii. On any given day, you'll see plenty of people from Hawaii. It's a great place to gamble if you are just learning how to gamble. The table games are so much cheaper versus the strip. The casinos in downtown are also much more relaxed and the dealers are a lot nicer. They typically joke around with you and make sure you have fun. I've also heard the slots here are looser than the ones on the strip. Good luck to everyone!If you get hungry and the cal, you can always grab a bite to eat at the Market Street Cafe. They have delicious food at very reasonable prices. They also have another little restaurant upstairs on the second floor that's even cheaper, but the food isn't as good. I never stayed here so I'm not quite sure how the rooms are, but I do know that the rooms are much cheaper. Average: $40-80 per night. Just don't expect anything luxurious like on the strip. Anyway, if you decide to come play here, I hope you win plenty. Good luck everyone!
1	THIS HOTEL IS THE WORSE ONE IN L.V. DON'T GO THERE.The hotel is very old and low ceiling and there is construction and noise you can't go to sleep from the noise.  In addition, no discounts for anything, they make you pay $5 to print your airplane boarding pass.The room's bathroom is very old, the sink is rusty and the bathtub's faucet is leaking and not working properly.Don't stay there
3	Eh, Had the chance to stay three nights free so took advantage of the offer , but was underwhelmed. It has been years since I stayed here and got the old tower by the front desk. Upon entering the room, we were OVERwhelmed with an odor we could not immediately identify. We left the door open and once we determined it was not the AC, decided to stay.   When we went downstairs, I mentioned it to the front desk, who apologized and wrote herself a note of just out room number. When returning for the evening and throughout our stay, we dealt with the smell.  On our last night, I had closed the bathroom door shut and a few hours later opened it up to get the stronger smell. It was the pipes. Probably from the shower.  A sewery smell. Old hotel I guess. The  bedding was decent, they now have wireless for a $9.99 a day fee, and a fridge. Overall, not bad but I still prefer Main Street
4	This review is for the Casino portion of the hotel.  Wow, can you say cater to the local Hawaiians?  I felt like i was in Maui or the Big Island, 90% of this place is full of locals!  Dealers are friendly and funny, you can always find a good table for black jack or pai gow.  We kept hearing tons of slot play and the casino is faily crowded.  They have a few local restaurants upstairs as well, but close after 10 pm, but they have other places to nosh at 3 or 4 in the morning.
3	Go for the oxtail!  The place was pretty packed with older folks at 4am it was great!  The soup was much needed after a night out of drinking.  Hit the spot!
1	I just called to make a reservation and these people are usually friendly. But this one lady was so rude. She probably had a bad day so she had to unleash her anger on someone. So she apparently took it out on me. Where is the customer service people.
4	My Pacific Islander friends always frequent this venue because of the unhealthy Oxtail soup special after 11pm. I finally wandered in here again with them a few weeks ago and found out they had a filipino breakfast special that had white rice with garlic flakes, tocino and 3 eggs and it was yum! I'll have to come by here again during the wee hours.
4	Once a trip I always find a way to come. The upstairs cafe has "local" take out dishes that are hard to find elsewhere. The crowd is 90% Hawaiian so it's a very friendly place. As far as the rooms, I couldn't tell you but I wouldn't expect too much. It's in downtown and a little run down but I always come for cheap tables, friendly people and the Hawaiian take out upstairs.
4	Older casino/hotel, but friendly staff all around! Don't forget to bring your parking stub with you to validate on your way out. Lots of people from Hawaii come here, even the Vegas locals. Laid back casino. Old machines, though. But they got everything...craps, blackjack, poker, keno, slots.The main reason we come here is for the Hawaiian food!  It's a Hawaiian themed casino, so of course you'll be able to grab some good Hawaiian grub.  Totally legit & authentic kind!  Go to Aloha Specialties for their awesome Hawaiian plate lunches!  Teriyaki, Kalbi, Katsu, Loco moco, Hamburger steak plates all with mac salad & rice. Yum!  Go to The Market Street Cafe for some oxtail soup and other yummy plates too!  And lastly, they even got a Lappert's Ice Cream Parlor for dessert!  Everyone from the staff to the visitors here are super friendly!  Lots of Aloha all around.  If you're looking for a laid back place to just hang out and gamble and don't mind the older machines, this is the place to go.  Might even run into people you know from the islands!  =)
2	UM WHAT HAPPENED? We always stay at the Cal and still feel like it's the best hotel for the price downtown, but this time I've noticed that the housekeeping standards has plummeted. Another ethnic group has taken over and they are not cleaning the rooms like this should. We checked in our room and the room was not vacuumed. I found M&M's under the bed, a quarter and thread on the floor. The sheets was also questionable if it was clean being that there was black fuzz and other things on a white sheet. No one vacuumed our room the whole time we were there as the same "rubbish" remained on the floor. Rooms seem like its starting to get shabby!P.S. The Pasta Pirate is the best restaurant downtown! highly recommended
2	Well... They said were you can find the "best oxtail soup". It's ok. Try the Filipino breakfast it comes with tocino. Bad service. Our server disappeared after giving us our check .I WILL NOT COME BACK HERE AGAIN!!
4	1st of all, to the editor of Yelp, do not  block my review on this hotel, for I've come here for over 20 years, don't know if anyone else can be more qualified.I go to Vegas, of course to play and and have fun, but more importantly to me, it's 4 hours away driving wise for me to take a break from my hectic work. I don't care for the strip as a tourist, but I just need to get away and relax, and this place is perfect, for I've been here often enough, I receive free stay offer almost every month.The machines are fine, they do have some old machines, but some new ones as well. I personally think their 2nd floor is a waste of space, there are popular Poker quarter machines that seem to be always occupied by certain Hawaiian tourists or locals, the rest of the space is a total disaster. The 1st floor does offer some better varieties. Just to be fair.They have no buffet restaurant, but you can get that at Main Street Casino which is connected. Avoid Pasta Pirates restaurant, I don't think it's any good.  Redwood Bar/Grill is great but a little pricey,  the two cafeterias on 1st floor are fine and very popular with Hawaiian visitors. There is a Hawaiian cafeteria on 2nd floor, between the Cal Casino, and Main Street Casino, it's a great place for a quick bite if you don't mind spending about  same amount of money which could have gotten you into Main Street Casino Buffet. This place is perfect for me, for I can easily walk over to Main Street Casino as they are connected. It's in downtown that means there are plenty of other casinos you can visit without driving.For those who don't go to Vegas often, I suggest you go visit the Strip. But for someone who's almost semi-local like me, go to downtown or other places would be a good alternative...
5	I love Downtown Las Vegas also known as the 9th island. I'm a Hawaii girl living in Los Angeles, so when I go to Vegas, I always stop at the Cal for a slice of home. The local style food at Market Street Cafe (they have bomb Butterfish) and the plate lunch style grinds at Aloha Specialties are ONO! If you're not from Hawaii, you probably won't understand why a 30-something would want to hang at the Cal, the place is like a Hawaiian version of the movie Cocoon. But I love seeing the old Japanese and local people from Hawaii gambling with their wheel chairs and sometimes even oxygen tanks. They go! I've been staying at the Cal since small kid time, so its very nostalgic for me, lots of memories there. I love seeing the mixed faces and pidgin accents :) Also I've been brainwashed since childhood (they mail regulars a magazine with pictures of all the Hawaii winners) that I will win if play at a Sam Boyd hotel. Sure enough, I won 1000 quarters on Wheel of Fortune on my last visit, must be because I rubbed the shaka buddha's belly :) See you in March 2014, yay :)
4	I put off staying at the California for years, opting instead to stay somewhere right on Fremont Street whenever downtown. I thought the walk to the canopy area would be a pain. I was so wrong. This place was a pleasant surprise and I'd put the Cal at the top of my list from now on. The casino area is a little like a retirement home with lights and sounds. But I don't stay places for the casinos so that didn't bother me. Just mentioning it here in case you prefer the boom boom boom of places like the D and Golden Gate. So it's quiet and tranquil, which may even be exactly what you're looking for. The Cal actually has a convenient location going for it. Getting to the center of the Fremont canopy area is easy. In simple terms, say you're facing south from inside the California (i.e., towards Fremont Street) on the first level. Head towards your farthermost left exit. You'll cross the street and walk just one short block, coming out at the west entrance to the Golden Nugget and Mermaids. Just before you arrive on Fremont, be sure and look right down that dark alley. It's not dangerous but it is entertaining. Always somebody down there doing something. I also liked the convenience of its location going the opposite direction. Take the elevator from your room down to the "M" level and you're right at the indoor bridge that leads to shops and Main Street Station Hotel & Casino. That's a great place to walk, shop, and grab some food. It's also a vintage casino worth a visit just for that. I did that walk each morning and it's a very nice way to start the day. Rooms were good. Plenty of counter space and beds were comfortable. Housekeeping was a bit spotty as I found some hair here and there. A long dark one on the bathroom floor was there my entire stay (three nights). Hair doesn't freak me out so I didn't complain but I was curious how long it could stay. The whole time. Guess they don't really clean. Make sure to visit the Market Street Cafe while you're here. Grab some Oxtail soup. Service was bad but soup was great! But don't let the photos fool you. That soup is huge, served with rice and stuff. A meal unto itself.Like I said, I put off staying here a long time. I had a goal to stay in every downtown hotel and I'm just about there so it was time. Only one left is the Plaza. Stay at the Cal if you want a nice place to lay your head and relax, without breaking the bank. Your dollar gets stretched a long way here.
4	You ain't a real american japo or hawaiian unless you visit the CAL. Either you or your friends have a basketball tournament, family reunion or some darn excuse to go to vegas, you usually end up with a scoop of lapperts or local plate from aloha specialities. SPAM!Just make sure you don't lose the person you're with, cuz then you're screwed. Trying to find your auntie and uncle in a sea of auntie and uncles...
4	Market Street Cafe OX TAIL 11:00pm to 9:00AM under $10.00 or use your points or your coupons its $3.00.  Big serving, My wife and I had dinner there 3 nights in a row.
2	As a first timer in Vegas, I came here to gamble on the crap tables. In a casino you are allowed to smoke cigarettes. One of the dealers named "Gina" told me to blow my electronic cigarette vapor the other way. I felt very uncomfortable. She would constantly tell me to stop vaping by her if the vapor did get in her way, I can't control that!  When she would leave the table and come back I just felt like she was making sure the vapor wasn't around her.  I was even polite enough to tell her sorry! That's just me coming from hawaii, we are polite! She shouldn't have been so rude, someone else could have easily snapped at her or told her off. If you don't like cigarette smoke or electronic cigarette vapor don't work in a casino! She ruined my time at the Cal, I'll have to think about coming back.
5	Feels just like home the minute you walk thru those casino doors...
4	My family visits Las Vegas several times a year, and we always try to stay at The Cal when we do.  The rooms aren't gonna knock your socks off, but they are large, clean, and on our last visit, they had added mini fridges!  There are several restaurants in the casino, but I'll admit we have only ever tried the Market Street Cafe.  The food is pretty good, and very reasonably priced.  Their wait staff  are always very helpful and polite.  But the reason I love to stay here is that Boyd Gaming (of which The Cal is part), is one of the only large casino groups that still offer $5 handheld Blackjack.  And I LOVE $5 handheld Blackjack!  I guess the only bad part about staying at The Cal is not being able to.  They are booked pretty far in advance, probably because they cater to large groups from the Hawaiian Islands.  But if you can get a room here, I highly recommend you check out this hidden gem of downtown Vegas.
5	This review is for the hotel and casino Love this place. This is our second time staying here. The rooms and nice and modern an clean. Lots of towels available in the room. Love the view of the highway at night time it is very pretty. The casino is great. Nice, chill atmosphere and generous penny slot machines! Great place if you want to have a more relaxed time gambling.
5	HANG OVER CURE OF THE WORLD!PARTY IN YO MOUTH!Now that I live in Vegas I make sure all my friends who visit get a taste of California's famous Oxtail Soup! The Soup is just what the DR ordered after a long night of partying. Your taste buds are satisfied and you belly is full and it is the ultimate hangover cure! MAGIC! OMG I just have no other clue how to sell it!?I Eat here at least once a moth cause I seriously crave it! THIS IS A PARTY IN YO MOUTH! :o)
1	Dont stay at this place.. If there was a 0 rating i would give it that.Feels comfortable to be around other folks from Hawaii, but the maids-housekeepers do NOT clean the rooms thoroughly, not even the bedsheets. Trash on floor. Its filthy.
2	Stayed here for 5 nights. The hotel staff is always friendly when we stay here. This time however, the rooms were not clean. Our first night, I found lots of blonde hair in the carpets. (none of us are blondes) Two days later, still found blonde hair in the carpet, which goes to tell me that no one vacuumed during their cleaning. The carpets were stained. The rooms and hallways smelled heavily with smoke immediately when we got off the elevator. I love the fact that they have a small refrigerator.
3	We decided to head to Vegas a night earlier than we had planned and didn't want to spend the extra $300 to stay at Harrah's on a Saturday night so we ended up at The California Hotel. We stayed one night for $126...still pretty steep for an off-Strip hotel but it was a Saturday night. The room was average, nothing special but pretty clean. We went down to the bar in the Casino and played some video poker before going to bed. The bartenders were friendly and kept us entertained for a couple hours. Overall, an okay hotel to stay in if your in a pinch.
1	Loud and smoky like most downtown casinos, except Main Street Station next door.I'm not a frequent visitor, I'm usually here for special occasions like class reunions.  This recent visit was for my mom's 80th birthday.  First impressions count and the front desk staff aren't the friendliest. They just sit there behind the counter and shout at  you over all the noise.  The whole place is dirty and grimy much like the surrounding downtown area.  The maid didn't do the best job in cleaning our room.  We are not messy people.  My mom made our beds and emptied the trash.  The maid replaced the linen but never bothered to vacuum.  One day she came by our room and announced she would be off the next few days, was she expecting her tip right then and there?  I spoke in her native Korean and she walked out.  Beware when using the wifi.  They charge 9.99 per day per device!  Most other places are FREE.  There is better food and a quiet ambience  next door at Main Street Station.  We'll stay there in the future.  California Hotel?  Lousy.  NEVER AGAIN!
2	I wish the employees would have some aloha spirit like the posters say in the hallways,But Nope they don't,
4	Just came to have Ox Tail soup..... 11pm to 9 am
3	If you're looking for a clean, modern room while downtown i can safely recommend the California. I liked the room  although the air conditining can be a bit weak on a summer day. The room was modern and was definitely comfortable and worth the price. The 2 floor casino hosts enough different type of machines for you to be comfortable and yes some still give tokens. Any of the bars provide fast service and are priced reasonably. My most favorite thing is they have now added a light scent to the casino
5	5 Stars for the Oxtail Soup. So yummy especially when your drunk and hungry. Don't go to Vegas without trying this soup, you would be missing out.
4	Clean rooms, comfortable beds, flat screen TV. Reasonable price, two blocks from Fremont St.  The rooms are old but you don't go to Vegas to stay in your room!Good value. A lot of guests are from Hawaii!
3	We come to the Cal for a simple meal at the cafe. We come because we get local comps for playing here.
4	Another Hawaiian inspired meal for this Vegas trip. If you want to know where all the Hawaiians in Vegas are, you come here. Everyone and everything, even some of the slots are Hawaiian themed. The hotel & casino is located in Downtown LV. Parking can be ridiculous, you can drive all the way up the parking garage to find out there is no parking at all. Good thing when we went, one car was leaving. This is the hotel that has the infamous OXTAIL SOUP, which I didn't specifically order, but I took a few bites of the boyfriends and the meat just falls right off the bone and is so tender. The restaurant is always busy, but the servers are very attentive to all your needs. And if you ever need a snack, no matter what time, this restaurant serves is Hawaiian inspired food 24/7!
4	I really enjoy The Cal Hotel and casino.  Its been a few years since I've stayed at this hotel.  I  moved from los angeles to las vegas not too long ago. Ive dined at the 24hr cafe, I've played a couple machine slots and visited family members staying at the hotel. The staff really is what the 4 stars are for.  I'm always greeted with a smile by front desk and security. The cafe servers are attentive and are so sweet! Reminds me of an auntie from hawaii making and bringing you dinner.  Great food and prices. Overall for the price of rooms, validated parking and coin slots!!! Are worth checking out this "OG" vegas hotel and casino.
1	Came here for the $5.99 salad buffet and got charged extra for soup and salad when I was never offered soup. Salad bar was pretty nasty, and I didn't eat over half of what was on my plate. My friend tried the $10 ox tail soup, and was disappointed after reading all of the hype in the reviews.My friend wanted to play the black jack tables before picking up another friend at the airport. I sat down and looked up how long it would take to get to the airport, and was rudely told to step back from the table. I don't gamble and did not know about this no phone at the table rule. I got up and stepped back, and the guy asked me again even more rudely if I hadn't understood him and told me to turn facing away from the table! We immediately left and I didn't appreciate being treated so poorly after I had been so put off by such a low quality establishment.
2	The first room they gave us was dirty and when I came back down to tell them, they informed me that there were no non smoking rooms left but then they said they had one left.  A King size bed which wasn't the great since it was for my Dad and myself but we were too tired to wait for the maid to clean the other room. The maid service was awful once we were there. On the first morning, we had a "please make up our room" sign up from 9am until 3pm and when we got back, they still hadn't made it up!  No free breakfast but you do get a $10 credit which doesn't cover much. Staff friendly but I wouldn't go back.
5	Always a must stop for us every time we are in Vegas. Butterfish and Ox tail soup is bomb!!!
3	Old School Hotel. Located in downtown. Parking is free. Only came here for the Market Street Cafe which has the oxtail! Never gambled here.
1	I get to our room and there's no coffee or internet. Seems their internet has been down for a few days since their power outage. This really sucks.
4	This is my favorite hotel in Downtown Las Vegas because of all of the happy memories I have made with my mom, sister, aunties, and friends!I usually stay at this hotel with mom and aunties in April and October.  The tradition first started when Aunty Mary lost her husand and went to Vegas with Aunty Alice.  When Aunty Lily lost her husband, she joined Mary & Alice, and got my mom to be her roommate.  When Alice passed away, I took her place and became mom's roommate.  Lily got promoted to be Mary's roommate.  Now that Mary passed this year, I must constantly look for a roommate since mom & Lily are roommates.  Any volunteers??The reason for the 4 stars is because of the two traumatic events that happened over the past ten years.  The first is when Aunty Mary's purse was stolen:  Mom, Lily & I had gone shopping as usual, and left Aunty Mary to rack up her comps.  When we returned from shopping, we could not find Mary.  She had been in the Office, filling out paperwork and reporting her incident to Security.  It turned out that after Mary cashed out, someone followed her to the restroom and while she was "sitting down" with her pants around her ankles, the thief reached over the bathroom stall door and took her purse full of cash, ID card, credit cards, etc.  It was a mess.  It was so hard for her to go through security at the airport EVERY time after that incident.  The hotel had to write a letter for her to present at the airport because she had no ID.  It was horrible!The second reason for the 4 stars is when my Hello Kitty luggage was almost stolen:  If you go with the Vacations Hawaii package, the porters will pull your luggage from your room and leave the luggage on the sidewalk for you to identify. The porter then places your luggage on the bus to the airport.  Luckily, I was paying attention and I saw a cute Hello Kitty suitcase being pulled down the sidewalk by a guy that didn't match the bag.  I have this radar vision that can spot Hello Kitty things a mile away, so I pointed out to mom & Aunty Lily that the man with dark glasses and black hat had a luggage that looked like mine!  What a coincidence!  When I looked closer, I realized it was MY SUITCASE that he was taking, so I yelled and chased after him!  I couldn't understand why no one was helping me!  At least at work, when staff yell and chase after a patient, we usually have backup and help each other out... but, no!  I was face to face with a thug...alone!  Thanks a lot, hotel staff or Vacations Hawaii escorts, for not watching my suitcase which you took from my room and were not watching!  All of the other Vacations Hawaii travellers were watching, but no one came forward to assist...wow, great!  That's why I tell my friends not to get me mad, because I had to handle this criminal by myself.  Eventually, I got my Hello Kitty bag back!  I almost killed the guy!  Nah - that's how I felt, but nothing physical happened. Fortunately for him, I do not know how to swear, so I was REALLY LOUD and ANGRY TO THE MAX and got my suitcase back!  Phew!  He knew he'd lose against a raging Chinese woman!  I wrote a letter of complaint, but nothing happened.  They made some excuse about someone not showing up for work, so they were one staff short.  They also said that my suitcase wasn't stolen anyway. Yeah!  Really!On the good side, when I was trying to buy a house last year, my realtor said that he had to get my signature on some forms.  David Lebby's secretary, Sandy Grass, was so nice to let me use her computer, printer, & fax machine!  The woman at the Registration Desk was telling me to use the kiosk, but at $1.50 a page, and 35 pages of contract, I asked to speak to her manager.  That was just ridiculous!  At least Sandy was understanding and patient as I signed all of the documents in her office and faxed everything back to Honolulu!  The Cal helped me get my current home!  Yay!Another benefit about the Cal is that it's small.  Mom & aunties didn't get lost.  They knew where everything is: "the Buddha", Market Street Cafe, the Player's Club, the cashier, how to use the walkway to get to Main St. Station Casino, etc.  It's a good place for our kupuna because they don't have to walk so far.  They usually would listen to Aunty Mary's request to stay near the elevator and have adjoining rooms.The rooms are clean & simple.  There are refrigerators, ironing boards, clock radios, & hair dryers available.  There are NO coffee makers.  The vending machine is in the hallway next to the ice machine.The parking garage is decent with free parking if you are a guest or have a Sapphire card.  If you are there to just eat or play, there is free parking for 4 hours.  The valet is friendly, fast, & efficient.The staff are really nice: the cashiers, dealers, house keeping, Bell Desk, etc. They all seem to adhere to their motto of "Aloha Spoken Here".  That's why my aunts, friends, sisters, mom & I will remain loyal customers.
4	Came back to gamble with the locals, we love coming back here! Friendly and fun dealers, we can always sit at a table with a few Hawaiian locals and chit chat while playing cards...nice dealers, great atmosphere, more low key than glitzy strip at $25 hands of black jack...bunch of local restaurants upstairs, but closes at 10 pm or so....
4	What a fun casino! Started out in the parking garage with Marco. It only cost $3 for Sunday. He was very pleasant, and explained how we could bring both our parking stub and our receipt to the cashier's cage inside along with our Lappert's ice cream receipt and get our $3 back. Nice!The casino does have some of the original slot machines that dispense coins or tokens (sorry, didn't pay enough attention as to which it was since I was thinking about ice cream), as well as the more up to date ones. I like that they have a Hawaiian theme here. The employees were wearing Hawaiian shirts . We asked directions to Lapperts, and that gentleman was extremely friendly as well. All in all, this was a great experience.
5	We have often been to the Cal to eat or play but didn't stay until recently. We loved it and will definitely stay here again. Join the B Connected player's club to qualify for an immediate discount on the already reasonable room rates. Also, no resort fee! (I hate those sneaky tacked-on charges. You won't find that here.) People are friendly, including the guests. And yes, you will be surrounded by Hawaiians. If you aren't looking to hang out with hipsters and wild partiers, this is a great place to stay. Our large double-queen room offered solid comfort with good beds, a small refrigerator, and other standard amenities. The shower didn't have much water pressure; it was enough to get clean but didn't wake you up much. Since there is a long-standing drought, I had no complaints. There is a small pool but we did not swim.No in-room coffee. However, it was easy to go down to Lappert's on the mezzanine where a special included a free Krispy Kreme donut with the coffee. Their ice cream is fabulous. Next door to Lappert's is Aloha Specialties (cash only). The Spam musubi is a long-time favorite; even my son who hates Spam loves this. The combination plates are huge and tasty. They also sell delicious locally-baked chocolate chip cookies with macadamia nuts, although this time we noticed there were fewer nuts. The cookies are marvelous anyway. Every night Market Street Cafe serves a specially-priced prime rib with soup or salad, potato, veg, and a cherry sundae with real cherries. This is the famous place for late-night oxtail soup, too.
4	Great price, far enough off from Fremont Street that the Fremont Experience doesn't keep you awake but is a quick block and a half away, Market Street Cafe is a great value. Clean, adequate-sized rooms  and comfortable beds. Gaming tables are reasonably priced. If you want to  goback and forth to the strip without paying too much for taxis, take the double deck er 24 hour bus back and forth for $8 a day. Definitely a hang out for Hawiians as noted by others - pleasant, but almost sedate crowd compared to what is happening two blocks over. Also, none of those peskt "resort fees" the hotels are adding for maintaining a swimmng pool  and expected amenities. You have to watch out for those resort fees as they are only listed in the fine print at websites like Vegas.com and it stings when they surprise you with them at check-in.Like all downtown hotels, this is not a strip hotel nor anything close to one. Staying downtown to save money and fnd pleasure in an alternative Vegas to the increatingly pretentious  strip hotels.. You don't go to these hotels for a resort experience - you go to gamble less expensively, hang out on Fremont Street night (I described  it as Hollywood Blvd. on steroids to several of my friends) , and see once we would described as a more "blue collar" Vegas feel. If this is your first trip to Vegas and you are under 40 I would recommend you stay on the strip just for the experience. But if you are like me and don't want to spend at least close to $300 a night  on  some of the prettier strip hotel rooms compared to something towards $70 or less per night on a Labor Day weekend at the Calfiornia, then give downtown Vegas and its hotels a try. You might like it.
4	Yay for cheap rooms :P ! Important things :- located in downtown Vegas so don't worry about traffic - prices: has such good deals and still pretty close to the strip so definitely worth it! - looks kinda shabby on the outside but the inside is renovated, clean, & nice ! - has so much good food inside! Market cafe, aloha specialties, & a lapperts Okay so we got a room for about $60 a night which is super cheap ! The room had two queen beds, a tv, great ac, and everything was super clean so for the price- def worth it! The casinos pretty big but since ur in Vegas, casino hopping is always an option! They have such yummy restaurants inside the hotel. The market cafe is open 24/7 and is known for their ox tail soup, definitely should check it out ~ prices are cheap and so yummy! They also have an aloha specialties cafe and you can check that one out on yelp as well! & for dessert they have a lapperts which has coffee & ice cream :) yum! Overall - hotel is great, cheap, clean, & comfy. Casino is good & food is great ! Definitely check it out if ur looking to visit Vegas !
4	Great place to me locals and even Hawaiian tourist! Okay, This is a small casino floor area. A great place to gamble & meet the dealers personally. Never crowd & always so smoky from all the smokers. What I love about this place is course the gambling tables and Hawaiian Food. I've never stayed at this particular hotel, but.. it's located in the center of downtown. Try their Ox Tail soup!!! Awesome and Delicious!
5	My family has been coming to Boyd gaming establishments for 30+ years. It isn't flashy like the hotels on the strip, but it caters to the Hawaiian population. The gaming experience is better than strip casinos because the dealers converse with you while you play. They're also helpful in explaining the game as you play it. I usually go during Super Bowl weekend with about 20 other family members. You're also bound to run into people from home because that's how much of an attraction this casino, along with Main Street Station, has to us Hawaiian locals. The Market Street Cafe has a lot of good menu items available. Their top seller is the ox tail soup. I don't care much for ox tail and usually get the won ton min or club sandwich. The breakfast buffet has a lot of local items which includes Portuguese sausage. Upstairs, there's another restaurant that's operated by Hawaiian transplants. They have various plate lunch type items as well as Hawaiian Sun canned beverages.Overall, I love this place. The California will always be my go to Las Vegas hotel when I'm in town.OH! They also have an arcade on the mezzanine next to the walkway to MSS.
5	This place is like being in Hawaii! Usually see alot of people I know.  Comfortable enough to cruise around by myself! Food is reasonable & tasty! I enjoy coming here!
3	This was my very first experience of downtown Las Vegas, after years of always staying on the Strip.  The ambiance and people were very down to earth which was very nice!Hotel is what one can expect for a 3-Star hotel.  Keep in mind it is not a resort, so if you come here with that in mind, go to the main Strip.  This is the old Vegas catering to gambling folks who stay up all night and just need a room to catch some quick z's before starting the gambling all over the next day/evening.The casino portion is dated, but again, to be expected.  The hotel room we got was nice and spacious as well as the bathroom.The bad was the sewage odor that emanated from the sinks and tub, so we had to make sure to shut them after using.Nevertheless, the room was clean and the bed was comfortable, again, as expected for a 3-Star hotel.
4	If you want a fancy dressed up environment this is not the place for you. If you like shorts and a tank top environment low key chill atmosphere then this is the place. Good food, not the best but good. Lots of Hawaii type people and island food. Rooms are nice and clean. You get what you pay for. I only stay here while in Vegas.
3	We stayed here for four nights during the Life is Beautiful Festival this year. It was convenient; just half a mile from festival grounds (15 minutes walking). I would have liked to be closer to the festival, but it was MUCH better than driving almost 40 miles daily if we had to commute from our house. Also, a family friend received the room comped, so we didn't have to pay the inflated prices that weekend.The room was pleasant. No view worth noting. The two queen beds were comfortable and seemingly clean. I usually have a difficult time sleeping anywhere but my own bed, but these beds were nice. I was surprised that the windows had plantation shutters and it made it easy to allow the sunlight in when necessary. The air conditioning unit, located under the windows, was sufficient and not loud. The TV was okay - the picture quality was meh. Fortunately, we didn't need the television. There was a desk and the chair was comfortable. The toilet and shower had its own separate room while the sink and closet area was separated from the main room with a wall. The shower had good water pressure and the toiletries were decent. Access to the hotel floor via the lobby elevators worked well and was always efficient. They're also located right next to the front desk and garage elevators. The hotel guests are mostly older people, so it was always quiet and drama-free.We received two booklets of Aloha Coupons that we used at Market Street Cafe and California Club Snack Bar. Nothing extravagant, but comped meals are always nice when you don't want to fuss too much about a quick breakfast or late night meal.
4	switch up your "end of a bomb _ss night out" Steak and Eggs for some ox tail soup and or Filipino Breakfast (tocino!! with eggs and toast). it is that. good. all the things you enjoy about a 4am in Vegas meal (price, selection, taste, and speed of delivery) so you can get home and ktfo.-civilities.
2	Rooms were a nice size, bathrooms were tiny very older hotel to stay at but fun gambling, When i made the reservation i asked for a king bed and when i checked in they couldnt give me a King... Close to Fremont St. Huge gambling selection, also called maintenance because the water kept running all night in the toilet and A/c didnt blow cold air! maintenance never came.... Only reason im giving 2 stars is for location and gambling selection at hotel
5	Edith at Registration is always happy and polite and can't do enough to make you feel at home. She plays a very special part of when I return to the Angeleno. If we had more employees like Edith everything would wonderful.
4	Definitely a home away from home...if my home had a casino downstairs.  Haha!  I mean, it's not fancy...but it works.  Price is always decent.  It's not a hotel on the Fremont Experience, but it's just a walk away.  I like that cause you don't get all the noise from drunk people.  I think my only negative is the bed.  Our bed on one side was lopsided.  Seriously felt like if you slept on that side too long it would break apart.  Called front desk to see if we could change rooms but was told we couldn't.  I mean, wasn't THAT big of a deal seeing as we were hardly in our room.  Like, team no sleep for reals.  Parking I liked here.  Not too far from the casino or our room.  You know how some hotels you have to walk clear across the WHOLE casino to get to parking?  Don't gotta do that here.  I think my favorite thing here is the 2 places there is to eat here.  Lol!  That, ALONE, makes me wanna come back.  I don't know what other people coming about.  =P
1	First time staying here and never will again. Got in at 1 am exhausted from a long day of travel. Got comfortable and ready to fall fast asleep, but then I see a stain on the pillow. Checked closer and it was a blood stain on two of my pillow cases. Then found a beer bottle cap and other garbage underneath my bed. When the staff acted fast to getting me new pillows, I went to crawl in and there was no sheet to cover the yellow comforter.. Just one thing after another. Not thrilled. Never again.
