5	I read in the Arizona Republic a great article about "Maui's favorite" opening in Scottsdale, Thursday. I was so stoked, as this is one my all-time favorite spots for fish tacos.  I even planned my day around eating fish tacos for lunch. We drove to 16640 N Scottsdale Rd, which is a hidden location off Bell, (not Frank Lloyd Wright as the AZ newspaper published). The OTHER item the AZ Republic author and editor missed is "Which Thursday were they opening?" We walked into the smell of fresh paint and a really friendly new owner apologizing that we were here too early. He was unaware the AZ Republic ran the article, but happy that we are DEFINITELY coming back as the Maui spot, named for the original owner's cat, is really incredible. Coconut is already painted on the wall and the surfboard shaped tables fill the restaurant which is larger than it's Maui parent.The Kihei favorite opens its first mainland location Thursday 4-4 at the corner of N Scottsdale Rd and Bell in Scottsdale, AZ!
5	Do you love fish tacos?  Then this is the place for you! A ray of sunshine has come to the Valley, straight from the shores of Maui! Although my husband chows down on just about everything, I have to admit, without some prodding from me, he rarely raves about anything, and he had plenty to say about his fish tacos yesterday . . . He knew what he wanted when he walked in the door.  He had no idea he was going to get two plates with one taco each -- one mahi mahi and one ono -- both piled high with juicy fresh fish and 17 secret ingredients most noticeably the mango salsa and coconut slaw which are Hawaiian island sweet and tangy.  Both fishes were equally delicious!I had the fish and chips, a heaping serving of ono and mahi mahi, lightly fried. It came with a mound of perfectly cooked skinny fries, enough for three people to share! It also came with a small side of slaw. I love this slaw -- sweet from the coconut milk with a hint (and I do mean the smallest amount) of heat from wasabi. Oh so delectable! Heaven! I have a long list of must-tries including any one of the local fish cooking styles, and the chowder which is New England style with mahi-mahi and ono. Gluten free items are abundant, too.The restaurant itself is on the small side, and it's order at the counter, get your number, server comes out when it's ready. Benches and tables imitate surfboards. The patio is the place to be if the weather is nice . . . much more quiet. They play island music to add to the ambiance. The owner Kim was on-site and we had a really nice chat with him about his plans for the Valley. We're so glad they picked North Scottsdale for the first location. Love, love, love Coconut's . . . it's just missing one thing and it would be perfect . . . the beach!
5	After reading that Coconuts fish taco's were the best I had to try them. And everything I'd read was true. The fish tacos were amazing. The best fish taco's I'd ever had. My fiance ordered the fish and chips and the fish was pretty good too. Their tarter sauce was probably the second best part of both our meals. I will definitely be going back.
5	Wow. I was not sure what to expect when we came here on Saturday night. We live nearby and have seen a few restaurants try out this location and not make it very long. But we love Hawaii and anything tropical so when we saw a place called Coconuts we had to stop in. Holy moly this place was incredible. The service: friendly but not intrusive. Atmosphere: casual (order then sit and they bring food to you). Food: Hawaii in your mouth. The coconut shrimp was light, fresh and flavorful. The fish tacos were heavenly. One server told us people in Maui wait an hour to get these tacos and I understand why now! I will be back. Awesome patio too. You gotta try this place!
5	The fish and chips was delicious and everyone there was very nice. I heard about the original Coconut's in Maui from my boss and now know why she loved it so much. I will definitely be a regular now.
5	It's a little storefront.  You order at a counter and about 15 minutes later (it will be freshly prepared) someone brings you your food.  You fill you own soda and iced tea. The menu is limited almost exclusively to fish, shrimp, and calamari, prepared either fried or as tacos.  How can Coconut's possibly earn five stars??The answer is in two words -- fish tacos.  You get two to an order for about $10, served on individual plates.  At dinner, one filled me up about 3/4 of the way, so you can order soup, salad, or a side dish and share.  But you may prefer overstuffing yourself to giving up that second taco.The staff will proudly inform you that there are 17 ingredients in a taco, but by itself that doesn't prove anything.  What's important here is that there are not one or two, but three distinct components that shine through, each one a superstar.  #1 - the fish, which is a mixture of grilled ono and mahi-mahi.  #2 - the cole slaw, chunks of cabbage with coconut milk (no mayo).  #3 - fresh mango pieces.  The other 14 ingredients no doubt are also contributers to the overall flavor.  You pick up the taco with your hands so that you get a mixture of ingredients in each bite, dripping juice and dribbling tomato pieces onto your plate, grinning from ear to ear, and not talking to anyone while the flavor lasts.I can't say quite as much for the other menu items.  For example, the fish and chips is okay, with the fish being the same fine ono and mahi-mahi but the preparation being indifferent deep frying.  The chips (french fries), however, are almost as good as McDonalds, and that's saying something.  I still have to try the coconut shrimp, chowder, and a couple of other sides ... if I can ever find the room.
5	Hawaii boy out here in Scottsdale for work and what do I find...the best fish tacos in the world!!! I've been to the Kihei restaurant many times, and this has the exact same quality and care put into it. Check it out!! Get the fish tacos, and thank me later ;)
3	Was ok for a quick meal. Was expecting more for some reason but then again, it's in the desert and not a few steps from the beach like Maui. Fish tacos were quite good. Also had blackened island style Mahi Mahi. So so. Kids dog was huge. I'll give them another shot but will probably get it to go..almost 50 bucks for 2 adult and two kids.
5	WOW! Finally some real fish tacos in the desert. These super stuffed delights are so d@mn tasty. Not cheap, but not pricey either. Don't worry you will be full. The fish is super fresh & the mango's, plus the other 15 ingredients work in harmony.
3	I picked up a friend for lunch yesterday and when the location we originally planned to go had no parking (impatient) we drove up to North Scottsdale to try Coconut's since I had read so many great things about it. The restaurant is very clean and not too theme-y, I liked the layout. They have a patio and tvs inside playing Hawaiian films on silent. They have a pretty big menu, and I asked if it was possible to have two different tacos with the tacos plate (I wanted to try the fish but couldn't commit to two). I was advised that they don't "do that", so I just got two chicken tacos with a side of fries and a drink ($18). We were told the wait would be about 15 minutes and it wasn't too busy but we kept ourselves occupied. My friends fish tacos came out first, and when I came back to my seat after getting a refill I saw one taco and fries. I was a little confused, but about 5 minutes later out came the other taco. I was also confused because since they came out on different plates - why couldn't I get two different ones? WhateverThe tacos are giant and you could probably share two and a side with someone else. I wasn't a huge fan of the mango salsa (or any sweet salsas for that matter), but I liked the tacos and probably would have enjoyed them more if I put some hot sauce on. I also liked the fries - came in a huge basket that we shared. The service was good and while it was a little pricey, I will probably come back to try their infamous fish tacos.
1	So sorry to report I hade such high expectations and was so disappointed ! Packets of mayonnaise??. Restaurants in Scottsdale do better than that! Food quality did not even compare to anything in Hawaii who are your food vendors?m
2	The fish tacos were okay and large, although they weren't very flavorful considering they advertise 17 ingredients.  This is the only reason I am giving them an additional star, the size of the tacos (although they should be large because 2 of them cost $11 - expensive for a fish taco place).  First, the cashier was very helpful, but was trying to sell me things that were not gluten free when I already told her I was gluten free.  This was in response to them being out of fries...on a weekend night.  How are you out of fries when a large part of your menu is fish and chips?Then, the wait.  We were one of five tables, all of which had their food when we ordered, and it took over 20 minutes to get our food.  This seems like a long time for a restaurant where you go up to a cashier and order.  Plus, about ten minutes into our wait, a line began to form.  This line didn't move until we got our food 10 minutes later.  Expect to wait in line and for your food.The service...was terrible.  The girl that served us our food was snotty and rude.  This was our first time there and when we asked her a question, she gave us a terrible attitude.  Then, we asked the manager about the asian fish.  He talked about the wasabe marinade/coating on the fish, we weren't sure what it was but it was missing.  He was arguing that we should've known and told him that it was missing.  We only figured this out after we told him it had no flavor and he told us it has lots of flavor, but he couldn't understand that it wasn't on the fish. How were we going to know it was missing when it was our first time there.  They were also out of the salad dressing we ordered.Overall, the food is okay, but the service, cost, and wait times will prevent us from returning.  I was hoping it would be good like the Fish Shop in San Diego, but it was not.  Disappointed.
5	Every bit as delicious as Coconuts Maui!  Loved the fish tacos!!  Enjoyed the Coconut shrimp and fries were also good.  Longboard beer to make you feel like you're on the island.  Scottsdale owner stopped by to ask about quality of food and service and was happy to take our input.  We had stumbled upon Coconuts in Kihei (Maui) just a week prior and thought the food was terrific.  So happy to have this new taste of paradise situated only a couple of miles from home.Highly recommended.
5	Surprised how good and large the portions are. Thought it was pricey at the order counter them I saw the portion sizes.My wife had two fish tacos with Mahi and Ono I had the fish burger with Ono.We just returned from Kauai and my IMO was a $32.00 meal on the island!We have not been to their restaurant in Kihei before now I suppose we will on our next visit to Maui.Good job and glad to see you in our neighborhood.
5	I love having this healthy option near home.  I have been here twice now and I enjoyed it every time.  I keep having the same thing because it was so delicious.  The local fish is a platter with grilled fish, any way you like it.  I always choose the south of the border, it is spicy, but not burn your tongue spicy.  I love it.   You also get the cole slaw and tomatoes and onions.  I never eat all my brown rice.  I was glad that the second time I got it, the amount of rice was smaller, I still left about half of it on the plate.  I am a portion conscious person and I think the piece of fish is really big.  My hubby had the seafood salad and it was delicious, I stole one of his grilled shrimp.  The first time the wait was a little long, but it was the first week they were open.  The second time the food was out within 20 minutes, which is very reasonable.  This will definitely be in my rotation.
5	Bill GI was on vacation in Scottsdale last week and we stumbled across Cocconuts!!! We went in and fell in love with the place. Their were eight people in our party and we gave them 8 thumbs up!!! The owner Kim was very interested in how our food was and is a real cool guy. Whether I am in Hawaii or Scottsdale I will be sure to stop in my "new" favorite restaurant.
3	Aloha! But wait, maybe Baja Fresh should consider hanging around az a little longer. I heard about this place and thought I would give it a shot. Just like some other reviews, i feel that the fish tacos are huge. I thought the norm for tacos these days were maybe 3 smaller tacos. And this place serves your tacos on individual plates. These tacos are very busy lots of ingredients. Service was good. Pricing.. Little steep but not surprised knowing the address. Might be back. Not sure.
3	Coconut's Fish Cafe is a casual semi fast food kind of place where you order at the counter get an order number, seat yourself,  and someone runs your food to you. They feature mostly fish of Mahi Mahi , Ono , or Ahi and the signature dish is their Fish Tacos. I tried the signature dish , the fish tacos. I liked that they gave you lots of fish in your tacos that with all the sauces on it the fish had a nice fresh taste. I also thought the coconut milk dressing was a nice touch This dish is two dishes of food and you can't eat it all because of the four white corn tortillas and the what seemed like a half head of colon cleanser, (cabbage) that's chopped in really big pieces. It's GOOD if you think of it as an open tropical cabbage salads with fish. I say that because I found it impossible to pick up even after eating half the toppings to pick up. The Ono Fishburger my husband ordered had a very tasty piece of grilled fish on it. But this fish comes with too many sauces. South of the Border Sauce (if you order that flavor) Tarter and all that coconut milk sauce from the coleslaw. You need to order that on the side unless you like all that mixed together. It also comes with a thick slice of tomato and a pile of shredded cheese. I like the concept of this place mostly healthy lighter proteins and lots of cancer inhibiting cabbage that stimulates the immune system kills harmful bacteria and helps burn fat from your body among lots of other things.I don't like the sleeveless servers because it doesn't seem sanitary.I also don't like the toilet paper dispenser in the un-hanicapped ladies bathroom because it's nearly on the floors and I thought about photographing my toes to get the paper. However I really didn't want to BURN that image in anybodies mind so I didn't.3.5 Stars
4	I think it is really more of a 3.5, but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt as I have only been here once and give them the 4 stars. Let me start by saying that I came across this place as I way planning a trip to Maui for this summer and when I realized that Coconut's opened in Scottsdale I figured we would try it here first. I was very excited that they serve ono fish (my personal favorite and one of the only fish I like). I went with my mom and the BF yesterday for lunch. The BF got the fish and chips and my mom and I shared the fish tacos (thankfully!). The BF thought the fish and chips were just ok. I thought they were pretty meh. They didn't have a lot of flavor and I definitely wouldn't return here for the fish and chips. The fish tacos, on the other hand, were very tasty. The fish was tasty and not too 'fishy.' The sauces and slaw were all very delicious and came together nicely with the fish. My complaints include that you cannot pick up the taco, it is too big and it's hard to eat, the bottom tortilla was so hard I had to saw through it with a knife to eat it, and I wish they had the option of getting one taco because I feel that I could not go here alone because I don't want to throw away a whole taco (it's way too much food). The prices are high, but they do give you a lot of food. I would probably come here again if someone else suggested it or if I were in the neighborhood, but I wouldn't rush out and drive across town to come here.
4	I have patronized this restaurant 2x in the past 10 days.  Love it!  Had the fish tacos both times.  The staff is awesome.  The food is fresh and delicious.  The atmosphere is perfect.  The famous fish tacos are sold in pairs.  The only change would be to sell the tacos 1 per order.  Sometimes you want 2 and sometimes you only want one or maybe you want 3 to share!  Otherwise, it is all good.
5	The fish tacos are amazing! The $11 price initially seems high for just 2 tacos, but these things are huge and well worth the price. North Scottsdale has lots of choices that are more expensive, but you won't find anything better for $10-15. The restaurant is pretty casual with a clever surfer vibe. It's not super fast, but if they're making it all from scratch with lots of fresh ingredients, you shouldn't expect it to come out in less than 5 minutes anyway. I'll be back to this spot for sure.
5	"Great place, nice and clean, good atmosphere! The fish tacos are, no kidding, excellent!!"
5	Food was amazing! Had the shrimp & chips and my daughter had the kids fish & chips.  This place has great staff, it's very clean (even smells like Hawaii!), and the food was great!  Will be coming here again!!  Welcome to Scottsdale Coconut's!
4	I didn't expect to find such fresh flavorful fish in Scottsdale!  We had heard it was good and were pleasantly surprised.  We had the fish & Chips and found the coleslaw and fries great accompaniments. The restaurant was clean and bright and staffed with caring individuals.  The only reason that its not 5 stars is that I paid more for the casual/fast food than I thought I should.
5	Really good food and fun atmosphere with the surfboard tables.  Everyone was super friendly.  After ordering at the counter, we sat down and enjoyed the tv videos of surfers.  Our food came out very quickly.  The fish tacos were fantastic, albeit a bit messy.   I would definitely order those again!  B/F had the fish and chips and he really liked those as well as the coconut slaw.  They also have nice beer.  I think it is a bit pricey for the casual atmosphere (I can see folks being more willing to pay those prices on vacation in Maui).  That being said, if it was a fancy atmosphere, folks would pay those prices all day long and think it was a steal as the quality is so good.
5	A little bit of Maui in Scottsdale!Great fresh healthy food.
4	Tucked into a small shopping center next to Paris-Paris off Scottsdale Road and Bell.  If you've ever had WaHoo's, you have a good idea what to except.  It's Hawaiian style fish tacos.  This means:     - Fish is grilled, not battered and fried     - Fish is mahi-mahi or ono     - fish comes in good size chunks     - No cheese or sour cream     - The portions are HUGEThe fish was fresh, the mango salsa topping was delish.  My husband and I each got the fist tacos, 2 to an order, and both commented that next time we'd get one order and try something else.My biggest complaint are the prices (10.95/order for the tacos) and that the rest of the limited menu is made up of fried foods.  There aren't any sides to speak of (fries or onion rings), the apps are all fried (shrimp, calimari, etc).  Seemed out of place for a joint which serves everything fresh and homemade.Overall a good tropical style fish taco.
5	These are the best fish tacos ever! I came on a recommendation from a friend who just visited them in Maui, and wow I'm so glad I came! Met the owner of the franchise when I was eating dinner and he was very helpful and friendly and shared his whole story on how he opened the location.
4	This place is good the fish tacos are great they taste fresh and its grilled not fried which is great for me because I'm not a huge fan of fried fish tacos. Be careful though because there's two in an order but the tacos are so stuffed you may only be able to eat one. The staff is very friendly and attentive I didn't know the was avocado in the mango salsa which I'm highly allergic too I told the cashier and she had them make me a new order without any attitude. The only thing I might complain about is the inside is kind of bland there's very little decor but I think the service and great food makes up for it. I will definitely be a repeat costumer especially since it's so close to my house
5	A dream come true!!  My favorite restaurant in Maui is now here in Scottsdale! It's healthy.  It's fresh.  It's fun with an inviting atmoshere!   Walking in, you instantly feel like you are on vacation.  Walking out, you feel relaxed and not guilty since the food is fresh and healthy.They are known for their fish tacos.  Quite truthfully, they are the BEST!  However, my favorite is the ono fishburger.  The seafood chowder is also to die for!Thank you for bringing Coconuts to Arizona!!!  I'm one happy girl!
5	Outstanding! The fish tastes so fresh. The fish tacos are amazing. The first time we went the chef was walking around greeting everybody and the second time the owner or manager was walking around to every table and talking to people. That's impressive as good service is so hard to find. Can't wait to check out the Maui location in a few weeks.
1	So sorry to report I hade such high expectations and was so disappointed ! Packets of mayonnaise??. Restaurants in Scottsdale do better than that! Food quality did not even compare to anything in Hawaii who are your food vendors?Went back tonight and had the fish tacos (because i had a gift card to use up) wow  they were amazing!!!! I would so go back and have the fish tacos anytime!
4	Coconut's Fish Cafe, Scottsdale, AZI found the restaurant and reviews on Yelp. My friend and I decided to try it for lunch. We were pleasantly surprised. The restaurant was clean, the service friendly, and the food very fresh and tasted great. We would recommend Coconut's to friends and frequent it again.
2	Came at three in afternoon on a weekday.  Only two other patrons, one appeared to be an owner set up with laptop at a table.  Only two tables clean-ish, floor dirty.  Door handle was sticky.  No one greeted, and we had to wait for counterhelp.  Wall mounted menu vague, and little explaination offered. First impressions make it harder to set an enjoyable experience.  More of a order at a counter-fast food type of dining, not at all like accolades posted from Zagat on walls (obviously not this location).  A bit pricey for fast food style... $30.  for two drinks, a fish sandwich and a cup of chowder.Food brought out,  and handler made commentary on how my companion had asked her fish burger be prepared.  She is diet restricted and did not have coleslaw or tartar sauce on her sandwich.  He had to finish with a shot that her food looked 'weird' to him.  Not appropriate.  The slaw/salad I ordered was on a melamite dish, sloppy and runny... And the chowder was in another non-New England style rendition of New England style fish chowder.  I was rather ambitious, I suppose, ordering same from a Hawaiian motif establishment... My bad.  Overall, a pass on experience.  My food was ok, served as fast food is.  Fish was ok, bun was dried out, and really not anything better than a fast food chain fish sandwich.  Expected more wow, I guess.  Admittedly, we are fish snobs, but for the price, it was not a comprehended value.  Chowder, amount of fish a little light, and it had tomato, which conflicted the tastes.   Yeah, not 'wonderful'.  The fish did not taste frozen, but really had no taste at all.  Lack luster. Environment definately negated experience, as did manager loudly arguing on the phone at counter.  Once an experience has set a poor impression, it really requires a stellar comeback to rebound.  The food was not that good to relive.
1	So after seeing all of the race reviews and having driven by this little place, thought we would go see what it was all about. Upon first walking in the door you are greeted by a strong coconut smell. Not bad. And sort of expected. But strong. Then we walked up to the counter where who we can assume was the manager was arguing on the phone with someone and didn't give us a second glance. The cashier walked by us and said we would be helped in a moment. So we looked over a very undescriptive menu. To our right was another employee eating their food. To our left was the owner. When the cashier came back we told her it was our first time there and then she told us "well then wait a second" while she left to talk to the employee eating. We stood there and waited until she came back and half heatedly tried to explain the menu options, only confusing us. I wound up ordering the fish burger and my mother had the "new England clam chowder". I'll get to that in a second. So while this happened the manager is still arguing and the owner is on his laptop. So I go and get some "iced tea". Which apparently translates to "Luke warm tea". It was so nasty and left a weird taste in my mouth. I've had that brand before and always liked it. So I was surprised. All of the tables were filthy, despite the employees hanging around and the lack of any customers besides ourselves. There was trash pieces on the floor. We essentially bused our own table before we could even sit down. Then when our food finally arrived I was told that I basically ordered my food incorrectly for asking there to be no tartar sauce. Not one but two employees came to tell me so. I don't like tartar sauce. On the walls are all of these praises from varying sources! So I thought "well the food should be good!" Upon closer inspection all of the framed reviews are from their Hawaii location. Not the Scottsdale one. Seemed kind of weird to us. But oh well it's a new location, right? All of numbers are super worn and faded and the drink machines look crazy old. Well maybe they were saving money for the decor? So I take a bite of my fish burger and the bread instantly tastes chalky. The fish was alright so I ate that instead. My mom had the chowder and the coleslaw. The coleslaw was bland and gross. Just like cabbage with a cream over it. The chowder tasted like it came from a can. And it had tomatoes. Which is really weird. I was born and raised in boston. I had never seen a "new England style" chowder with tomatoes. So we picked at our food. Cleared our plates. Bused our table. Again. Then slowly made our way to the door. We were completely ignored. No one said goodbye, or even acknowledged we had been there. Bottom line: won't be going back. The establishment wasn't even slightly impressive. We talked about our concerns next to the eating employee who stared at us then walked away completely ignoring what we had said to her.
4	If you could get past the pricey menu, the food is pretty good. Liked the Ono fish burger and had nice presentation. The fish tacos are so big that each one could be a meal in itself. The tacos are hard to eat since you can't pick them up or fold them. Good size basket of fries and the fish chowder is pretty tasty. The calamari is the breaded strip style while you would expect the real ring style. The coconut shrimp was good but the sauce that it came with could have been better. Overall it is a welcome break from just burgers while being more healthy.
3	Took the husband and daughter for a birthday dinner to Coconut's.  The place was empty when we arrived, but started to receive customers near the end of our meal.  Long story short and $45 later buys you a lot of slaw, dressing, tomatoes, mango, etc. but very little fish in the fish tacos:-(  My husband had the fish and chips which were solid pieces and done well with fries.  My daughter had the fish burger and for $11 you would think that fries would come with it.  Again, lot's of dressing and little meat,  However, the seafood chowder was pretty good. Plus my husband had a beer for $5. The place is casual with surfboard tables and benches, 2 big screen tvs showing surfers riding the big wave.  Glad we tried it, but unlike other reviews it didn't make me feel like I was in Hawaii, and yes, I have been and have had better fish in Hawaii.
5	The food, service, decor, and cleanliness, are outstanding . I ordered the Fish Taco, and took home half. Kim and his staff were excellent and very friendly. This has only been opened five weeks, but it is a winner.
5	I love having this restaurant so close to my home. I've been there about 5 times now and really love it. As everyone else has said, the fish tacos are awesome. I am a fan of grilled fish and never order fried so it's nice to be served a fast food dish that is healthy and delicious at the same time. I also enjoyed their local style any fish plate. The Asian Flair is my favorite as it has a wasabi kick to it. It's served with brown rice and their coleslaw which is one of the best I've had and they make it with coconut milk instead of mayo. I tried the blackened the other night and it was way too salty for me and couldn't even eat it. They were nice enough to exchange it to plain grilled for me. I don't agree about the prices as you can't compare a fast food place like McDonalds to the quality of this food. I would like to see more appetizer choices that aren't fried and  a chowder that wasn't cream based. But I have to admit the calamari was yummy.I'm off to Maui in June and looking forward to checking out the original Coconuts.
4	Not the best fish tacos I've ever had but pretty good.  For first timers they recommend their coconut shrimp for appetizers and their fish tacos for the meal.  The shrimp were surprisingly good - batter a tad bit too thick in that you could barely taste the shrimp but the coating had a good flavor with the coconut.  We liked it better than we thought it would be.  The fish tacos come as 2.  They are HUGE.  Even my bf thought you could do just one as a meal with the shrimp appetizer.  The tacos came with a LOT of fish and toppings and sauces.  Flavorful.  I tend to like mine simpler but with the amount of fish you get, it's pretty impressive.  What I really liked is that they really crisp up the bottom tortilla so that when you pick it up to eat, the tortilla stays in tact.  No worrying about it coming apart which is good b/c the toppings are overflowing.  I do like that they had a good amount of chunks of mango for the mango salsa.  They don't skimp.I miss the fish tacos back home but these are a pretty good substitute.
4	Healthy, Different, Fresh ingredients, "Sustainable" atmosphere, Eco-friendly. Best item on the Menu is the Taco Island... Think Fish Taco with 17 ingredients on a bed of brown rice instead of a tortilla.  Oh it's good to try the other items on the menu, but this one you'll come back to
5	Been here once, will be returning.  Best.  Fish tacos.  Ever.Fish delicious, grilled, fresh, and plenty of it.Fresh, good Hawaiian beer on tap.  Superb customer service.They have one other restaurant in Maui, rated best restaurant in Maui and #1 fish tacos in the USA.  I agree with the rating.
5	I love some of the people who gave this place 1 star just so they could be different and go against the grain.  I mean come on people, Phoenix has some of the worst restra
4	A tasty fish taco (ono and mahi mahi) that makes it easy to tolerate the very cliched Bob Marley inspired surf ambiance that permeates the place.  One complaint.  Come up with a sub $10 lunch option or two.  This is a lunch heavy neighborhood and that is an important cost threshold for diners.
5	Visited the establishment for the first time on 5/26. Fish taco tasted very fresh and tasty.  While this place is a order at the counter and have food delivered to your table, they also promptly remove dishes after you have finished your meal.Prices are in the 9-13 range for meals.. Again.. you get what you pay for when comparing to places that charge less!
1	Nice job on the interior.  I was excited to try this place given the reviews on yelp.  Wow what a let down.  Honestly, the worst meal I have had in ages.  Got the gluten free Ono with a Southwest sauce (Think that is what they called it) over rice.  The fish was like a hockey puck it was so dry and overcooked.  The rice overcooked as well.  It was so bad I almost feel like I was the exception rather than the rule.  With that been said I know many other places I don't have to risk if my meal with be good or not.  Probably won't be back. :(
4	Wife and I stumbled upon Coconuts after a movie. We both ordered the fish tacos and had a great conversation with the owner. Come one come all for some amazing tacos. Enjoy.
5	Awesome place. Can't think of a negative. My wife and I both had the fish taco platter. We also had the Onion Rings and I had the Fish Chowder. Chowder was solid, OR's were some of the best we ever had, and the Tacos were amazing. Fish was fresh, the white corn tortillas are delicious (and didn't break apart-- a bonus), and the mango salsa is phenomenal. We will be back...and back...and back...
5	Heard good things about this place and decided to check it out.  My wife and I ate there for lunch today and were very impressed.  The atmosphere is very nice.  Great surfboard tables.  Hawaiian beer on tap.  Nice.  Since we hadn't been here before we had no idea about the serving size.  I ordered the two tacos and my wife ordered the fish burger (sandwich).  The tacos were so big that we could have split them and been fine.  The tacos were the best fish tacos I've ever eaten and the fish sandwich was fantastic.  The seasonings and ingredients were all spot on.  The owner delivered our food and decided to talk with us for awhile.  The staff was very friendly.  We'll have to try more of the menu next time but what we had was excellent.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
4	After reading all the great reviews about there fish tacos I had to check this place out for my self. This place was a pretty awesome place I really liked the tables that were shaped like surfboards. The food was really good and healthy. Like others have said the fish tacos were good but not the best. The prices were a bit high for lunch but then again fish isn't really cheap. This place also offers local Hawaiian beer which I also thought was cool. Overall if you looking for a place thats healthy and good this place is worth checking out.
5	I don't like coleslaw. I don't like fish. The fish tacos with coleslaw are amazing and also gluten free. I am so happy this place opened!
5	After discovering Coconuts and their awesome fish tacos in Mauii, I was thrilled to have one open in my own backyard. No doubt the fish tacos are the best I have had. The fresh ingredients bring out the flavors of perfectly grilled Mahi Mahi and Ono, and it is all topped with the most wonderful Mango salsa i have tasted. Working my way through the menu, another favorite is their local style fish. I get blackened Mahi Mahi. Again it is grilled to perfection with the blackened seasoning bringing out the flavor of the fish. It is a large portion of fish that is accompanied with brown rice and a cloeslaw that I fear I am becoming addicted to. It is not the typical mayonaise based coleslaw, rather it is made with coconut milk, some secret ingredients and just a hint of wasabi. As far as appetizers go, you can't beat the coconut shrimp, the calamari is tender and flavorful, and the seafood chowder is right up there with my east coast maryland crab favorites.The staff is very friendly, the atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable and the food has easily made this a new favorite. I am looking forward to working my way through more of the menu as I am sure I will not be disappointed.
5	This is the type of place I have been waiting to land in Scottsdale Forever!  Lets hope they make it, and I hope this town knows what a great place they have on hand here.  I haven't ventured outside of the fish tacos on the menu with the exception of the much easier to eat taco mountain, but this place delivers on all fronts.  Unassuming, great food, great staff, and even Hawaiian beers on tap.  We were fortunate enough to be there opening weekend when the chef was in from Maui and got the whole scoop on how they procure their fish and all.  Bottom line, it's a fantastic, affordable place with a great vibe, and I hope they do very well!
4	Enjoyed my food but found it very messy and hard to eat. I ordered the tacos but ended up eating it with a fork and knife. That's my only complaint everything else was good.
5	Read reviews from others and it was dead on.  Fish tacos were amazing as were the chicken tacos.  My daughter got the chicken caesar salad and said the chicken wasn't good but everything else was delicious!
5	Finally tried Coconuts tonight and was beyond impressed.  We were greeted with an "aloha" as soon as we walked in.  The restaurant was very clean and the staff was great.  My wife and I both ordered the fish tacos and they are by far the best I've had in Phoenix and probably anywhere.  One order of tacos is plenty for one person.  No sides are needed, however, I'm sure they are good.  The tacos were full of fresh ingredients and you can tell that a lot of thought and care goes into the food.It's nice to see a, healthy, well priced, really good fast casual restaurant open in North Scottsdale.  Two people can eat a big meal and get a couple soft drinks for approx $30.  Coconuts will become a regular in our restaurant rotation.
2	What a horrible mess. Bland, blinding (lighting) and chunky. Fish very moist but bland as hell without the squirt-bottle slather. 2 stars. Maybe for lunch?i think they're trying to fill the hole left by Rumbi's departure across the street.--cute upside-down wooden surfboard-like tabletops, but# the tables slip and slide easily on the floor. hang on to your dinner!# presentations completely off. feels like it started as a food truck and they forgot to upgrade the food when they found a permanent buiding.# who wants to eat a huge pile of food ketchup-bottle-squirted with goopy sauce all over the top?maybe if i'm standing at a street vendor in mexico!# get rid of the cash register and table numbers. you can do it better and cheaper with waiter service.This place has huge competition in the immediate area. Maybe this concept works in Hawaii, but there is absolutely no beach to be found, and the only view I have is of the parking lot and the mexican restaurant next door.
5	Love this place! Great customer service!! Great food!
3	I love the concept and the space, it always smells great when you walk in! I just wish it was more affordable. The price is just a bit much for what you get. I've had two taco mountains that were more like taco hills than mountains, very disappointing for what it costs.
4	We've eaten fish tacos in Maui many times, and while we haven't eaten at the Coconuts there, this one definitely captures the spirit of the Maui fish taco we know. For a pinch more coin than you'd pay at Rubios, you get a MUCH tastier (and more filling) meal.  The fish tasted fresh and flavorful, and while it's a challenge to eat (easier for me with big hands... and a big mouth), it was worth it.  I dig the mix of flavors doing a conga in my mouth.  Bring it on, brutha!For our meal, we sneaked in for dinner about 10 minutes before close en route to a movie, but didn't get the stink-eye from the staff that I feared. They were super-helpful, friendly and attentive, bringing us extra napkins (you'll need 'em), talking about the food, and making sure we were having a good time.  The surf-board tables and big-wave videos playing on the TVs also helped with the vibe (though you remember you are in a strip mall in Arizona soon enough).Mahalo!
5	YUM!  I noticed the sign for this place on my way to work every day and finally decided to give it a try last week after reading the great reviews on Yelp and I was not disappointed!  They are known for their fish tacos and I love fish tacos, so that's what I decided to order.  You get two per order and they are made with both mahi mahi and ono.  The tortillas are small, but they are overloaded to the point where you really can't pick it up and eat it taco style, but that was fine with me!  Fresh mangos, salsa, cream sauce, cabbage and lots of other good stuff made these some of the best fish tacos I have ever had!  When I come back I would probably split the fish tacos with someone and then try something else from the menu (I've heard the calamari is tasty).  Very friendly waitstaff and just a really good experience overall.  There is outdoor seating with misters and the decor is nicely done...all of the tables are shaped like surfboards!  Highly recommend!
5	After hearing about this place from my friends who've had it in Maui and raving about it, when they told me one just opened up here, I had to try it. My mom and my aunt and I just went and it was amazing. The restaurant is so cute especially the tables and the menu has such variety. My mom had the fish tacos that come with mango salsa and they were excellent. My aunt had the fish and chips and it was wonderful as well. I ordered the seafood pasta with Alfredo sauce and it was to die for. There was a lot Mahi Mahi and shrimp in the dish which was nice and they make it from scratch every time. The sauce wasn't too alfredoy but had a little different taste to it and it was really good! Definitely a place to go to and keep going for a long time! Plus the service is nice! So great!
2	The fish taco salad tasted ok but with a fountain drink my bill came to $15.10 and I was still hungry.
5	At last, a place that centers around healthy and tasty ways to prepare fish, not smothering it in batter and grease. The place has a fun Hawaiian surf theme, complete with tables shaped like inverted surfboards and large flatscreens showing videos (no audio, which is good) of surfers and giant waves. The fish taco mountain I ordered was a delight -- perfectly grilled chunks of fish over brown rice, with a tangy mango salsa and a flavorful dressing with what seems to be a zestful hint of wasabi. The place is extremely clean and very bright, the service is friendly, and there is also a patio area for semi- al fresco dining.
5	There food is outstanding! If you want fast-foodminus the future heart attack, then eat at this restaurant.  Their food is mostly fish, chicken,and some other items .... It could easily become a national chain. It really is that good. I guaranteeit!!! Picky eater from Scottsdale, AZ
5	The best fish taco's in the valley,  end of the discussion.In reading the majority of other reviews I would suggest they are pretty much spot on.   The thing I think one needs to keep in mind is that of expectation.   This isn't "fast food" which is prepared hours earlier and warmed up for your meal.   Th food is prepared fresh and the quality of the ingredients is very apparent.    Prices while not cheap are a bit misleading since the proportions are ample and 2 tacos to an order will fill you up.   We have visited 5-6 times and the place has just gotten better each time.  Our initial trip soon after opening was not nearly as efficient as have been the most recent trips.   The staff we found to be excellent and the facility is spotless even when they were very busy.Fish tacos and the fish burger are clearly our favorites.   I think these guys have found a great niche.   The statement "good food isn't cheap, and cheap food isn't good" clearly applies.   I would highly recommend Coconuts fish cafe!
4	Tried it for the first time tonight and I will definitely recommend it to my friends. Very fresh food, bursting with flavor, nice menu items...will definitely go back.
3	Nice clean restaurant with a really cool concept. Inside is decorated with tables that look like surf boards and big screen TV's on the walls showing people surfing on Hawaii Five-O waves.Fish Burgers, Fish Tacos, Fish and Chips, Salads, Soups, Appetizers and more. They even have a kid's menu with the kinda stuff children enjoy. Must be under 10 years old the menu states. I wonder if they check ID's.The wife and I both ordered their Famous Fish Tacos which they claim are rated #1 in the U.S.A. I was hoping you could choose the type of fish they put on them but they come only one way. They load it up with 17 different ingredients which may be part of the problem.On top of it being too big to put in your mouth, the flavors of all the toppings seemed to overpower the fish. Both of us agreed it was missing something and fell flat. Not more toppings! The size of the pieces of fish also appeared to be rather small and the texture tasted like the the fish may have been previously frozen. Only saw the word FRESH on the menu when they were talking about their Baked Buns. Hmmm?24 Bucks for 4 tacos and we were both still hungry. I'll drive to San Diego for that and then some. Would like to see some better napkins that do not fall apart as well. Cha Ching!
4	I've been wanting to try this place for awhile and finally had a chance to see how good the food really is. When I first walked in it seemed like there was a buzz in the room. Guess it was people enjoying there food and time here. Very interesting with surf boards as tables and benches. We ordered their famous fish tacos, fish & chips and a cup of seafood chowder. Once we ordered the food then boom, it was at our table very fast and friendly service. I though the fish tacos were really good. The mango and tomatoes really brought out some really good flavors in those tacos. The fish and chips was good with two small portions of fish. The tartar sauce really brought out the flavor of the fish. Without the tartar sauce, the fish seemed a little dry. The seafood chowder was very good and glad we only ordered the cup cause it was perfect to share with my wife. We had just the right amount of food and thought it was a little expensive but what do you expect for seafood. Overall I enjoyed the service and the food. Hopefully we'll be back soon.
5	Holy Fishburger, Batman!  I was so excited to try this place out after friends and coworkers ranted and raved about it.  I had the fishburger asian style on a wheat bun.  It was so darned filling and delish!  the fish portion was generous, to the point where I had to eat the huge burger with a fork and knife!  My friend also shared her coconut shrimp which where perfect.  I can't wait to go back to this place!
4	Very good first experience. Had the mahi mahi (blackened) local style over brown rice with cole slaw and a tomato on the side and it was awesome. Place was clean and service was great. I will definitely be coming back.
4	Best fish tacos I've ever had - anywhere! Fried calamari was delicious and the dipping sauce was soooo good! I hate it when calamari is chewy, and this was def NOT chewy.Servers might be overly attentive - always someone coming up asking how everything is, or asking to take plates away. I think I was only there for 20 minutes yet had 3 different employees checking on us every few minutes. Was a bit much but on the bright side, it's better than not at all. Another thing, the tacos are messy, would be nice to have napkin dispensers right at each table instead of by the drink station.
4	This is a very difficult review to write for me.  This place does have pretty good fish tacos.  Probably the best in the area.  They are big and full of fresh ingredients.  The fish isn't fried and wasn't too dry, but could use a bit more flavor (give me a squirt bottle of secret sauce, not Cholula hot sauce).Here are my main issues:1 - The tacos are too damn big.  It is impossible to eat them without making a complete mess.  Why not give 4 easy-to-eat tacos rather than 2 that are impossible to eat.2 - Why 2 plates (one for each taco) with every order of tacos?  This is just odd and takes up way too much of the already limited table space.3 - If they are going to serve huge, messy tacos; why can't they put a napkin dispenser on the table?  I had to make a half dozen trips to the dispenser across the room.4 - Why no shrimp tacos?  They serve coconut shrimp (which were pretty good) so I know there are shrimp in the place.  I love shrimp tacos so I think they should be on the menu.Anyway, the prices are reasonable, the staff is fast and friendly, the decor is unique,  and the place is clean.  I know I am overly critical but I really do think Coconuts is a great addition to the area and hope it sticks around.
3	Overall food was tasty.  Fish and chips were fried nicely.  Two portions of fish were tasty if a bit small.  Mahi over rice again was tasty and nciely grilled.  Over all prices are a little high for lunch.  It was basically $24 for 2 for lunch.  Were it's a little strange is the setup.  You walk up to the front counter order your food and pay at the register.  Then you sit down and they bring you the food, but it's not a waiter/waitress setup.  So it's a little confusing if you tip or not.  They say it's not necessary but you almost feel like you should tip because of the way they have it setup, but if you've already paid for the food by credit card, and have no cash, then what?Over all, food was tasty, but a little pricey and there's the situation above.  Will come back again, but probably not as often.
4	A great option for something different in the realm of quick-serve restaurants. The fish tacos were very filling and I had to take some of the filling out to be able to eat them, but they were LOADED with really cabbagy cabbage anyway, so I left most of that on the plates. The combination of the other flavors was good. The fish and chips was breaded v. battered, an interesting take, perhaps healthier? I will go back to try that and the sandwich. The workers were all helpful and excited to welcome new customers. It was busy mid-day since it's in a pretty commercial area. They're open til 9 and I hope they do well at dinner too! They serve beer and wine, so they probably do!
4	First tried Coconuts in Maui, Hawaii. Absolute best fish tacos we've ever had. My daughter and husband raved over the fish and chips, and the Ahi burger. My middle daughter fell in love with the shrimp and chips. Over all, best fish cafe on the island. I'm sure the Coconuts in Scottsdale is just as fantastic.
5	Premium fish cooked perfectly. Shared the fish tacos, fish and chips, fish sandwich, coconut shrimp, and calamari. All were excellent. In a nondescript mall.  Interior is casual Hawaiian.As mentioned elsewhere the tacos are huge, messy and delicious.  The slaw and mango were great. And the fish chunks were perfect and plentiful. The fried fish and chips are good but frankly the fish is too good for that preparation.  The fish sandwich is generous but the bun is too much for such good grilled fish.  Eat it open face or bun-less.  The calamari are steaks rather than rings and are fantastic. The coconut shrimp are cooked perfect and tasty. All the fish and ingredients are top notch. And the price is roughly $11 for the entree and $8 for an appetizer. A bit pricey but well worth it.  A premium, express fish place may not be everyone's place, but it fits me and many a casual minded foodie perfectly.
4	I enjoy this place for their quality food and service, but my overall sentiments seem to echo that of the other reviews.The fish tacos are fantastic. You can tell the food good quality, and I really enjoy that the tortillas are doubled so it doesn't tear/fall apart as you eat it. The service has always been great and the employees quite friendly.That being said, I still think they are a little on the expensive side ($11 for 2 tacos. No drink, no sides). I understand its a more quality meal than 'fast food' and that its made-to-order etc, but still seems to push it. Also, why the tacos are delicious, they are an absolute trainwreck to attempt to eat. Too large and sloppy to wrap up and eat like a normal taco without making an absolute mess of your hands and plate.
3	The fish tacos were pretty good but nothing super special, the coconut shrimp on the other hand were the best I've ever had! I thought the price was a little much for what you get though. Supposably the best in Maui... well the fish is probably fresher there too. Just saying.
3	First time to Coconut's.  I was first impressed with how nice and clean the restaurant was. The staff was very informative and friendly.I had the fish and chips.  Not enough fish but plenty of chips. The fish was kind of dry.I Guess I should have gotten the fish tacos.I wanted to give more stars but I left still feeling hungry.  They gave you a very small ramekin of coleslaw and it was OK.I will try again and hope to give more stars but for the price and portion...just didn't work this time.
4	I received a mailer that advertised Coconuts Fish Cafe and explained how they came to be, their philosophy of fresh food, and with two coupons. I showed my husband and we put it in the pile of places to try. Last weekend we finally gave it a try and I'm glad we did. The location is pretty close to where we live and we had actually been to the restaurant previously when it used to be a sandwich shop. It's not a bad location and the inside was completely different. When you first walk in, the flooring is all wood and the tables are cute surf boards. You walk up, place your order and pay. They give you a number and you take that back to wherever you decide to sit. We ordered two orders of fish tacos and an order of the coconut shrimp (our coupon was if you spent $20, get free coconut shrimp). The shrimp came out first and were AMAZING. The coconut crust was super light and crispy. (Not thick like a bread coating.) Oh, these were melt-in-your-mouth delicious. They also came with a sweet and sour like sauce for dipping. Only 6 to an order, but I could have ate another helping. Next our tacos arrived and it was crazy. Two tacos come per order and they come on separate plates because they are huge. There are 17 layers per taco and it is piled high. You need two hands and an extendible jaw to fit this taco in your mouth. Luckily, I grabbed forks for anything that spilled back on the plate. Overall, the tacos were delicious but very filling. My husband and I agreed we could have ordered one set of tacos and split. I'd definitely recommend sharing if you are a light eater. We will definitely be back!
5	This place is great fish tacos the Fish burger blackened out of this world!
4	Great fish tacos!!  my only issue is that the corn shell is WAY to small for the amount of stuff they put into it...it makes a huge mess!! servers are polite and helpful, however there was one girl just wandering about who looked to maybe be new or something...also, the uniforms were quite inappropriate...there should have been a real uniform for this job instead of short shorts and a tank top, or the one girl who looked like she just rolled out of bed...step up Coconuts and get your staff a proper uniform!! Other than that, I loved the cute surf board tables and atmosphere!! How I managed to skip over this place when I was in Maui is beyond me...maybe next time I'm there Ill check it out.
5	Best Fish Tacos ever ! Thank you for bring Maui to Scottsdale! The fish and ingredients are incredibly fresh, the combination of flavor layered on the tacos are so complementing and out of this world. I would like to know if there is a better fish taco out there, but somehow I don't think so.
2	$12 for two tacos and a courtesy glass of water in a walk up order line.Nice interior and tasty fast food but small portions which makes it not so great of a value
5	Aloha! This place is AWESOME! I just came from the Big Island in June and this beats out the fish tacos we had there. Everyone is friendly and I mean everyone, because there are people all over the place helping you and keeping the place clean. Kim the owner is awesome and he helped me work through the menu and pick the right dish, fish tacos. A mix of Mahi Mahi and Ono with this fresh cole slaw. Mahalo for bringing this to the Valley of the Sun. I hope he opens the next one in Desert Ridge!
1	I feel compelled to spend the time to write this review after seeing how many people gave this place such a great review.  My take - Mediocre, overpriced, & a mess!   I agree wholeheartedly with Mike O.'s review from a month ago.  Ono is dry and too dense.  Can't hold on to the taco without it falling apart.  I can think of several places with better fish tacos so I do not understand what the fuss is all about.  If you like a better fish taco at a good price in this area, go to Habeneros.  It is a shame Rumbies is now out of business, it was a far superior meal at a better price.  If you think paying $11 for a 2 mediocre fish tacos is acceptable, then go ahead and try it.  And by the way, there is no salsa bar, and no chipotle mayo for your taco.
3	Keeping in mind that this a Fish Cafe, and not a 'McRaths'(remember them?)  I'd say this place is  pretty good.I've been to the Maui Coconuts many times, and always had a good meal there. I've been to this new location one time, and enjoyed the "Local Style' plate/Maui. Large piece of fish, cooked great for my likes, and a nice load of brown rice and salad.I will go again .
5	Went here for the first time yesterday with my mom for lunch at around 2 and it was the best! The line was almost to the door when we walked in but it went by super fast which surprised me. The store itself is kind of small but there's a lot of tables inside which is nice. The tables are surfboards which I love. The menu isn't too big but a good size for a bite to eat. The prices are a little bit high but the tacos are huge and you get two tacos for 11$ so it's worth it. We ate outside and it wasn't hot at all. The outside is covered and has fans and a bunch of misters. We did have to wait around 10-15 minutes and my mom did end up having to go inside to ask if our order was going to be done soon and right when she came back outside the food was brought out. Such good service, the guy who brought us our food was really nice and asked if we needed anything else and how it was tasting. Overall this place is awesome! Best tacos ever! I got the two chicken tacos and they were sooo good! Definitely coming back here again!
4	Best fish tacos I've tasted. Not to mention the amount of food added to the tacos is enough for two people. Sheesh! :-) Highly recommend this place.
5	Anyone in North Scottsdale not aware of Coconuts Fish Cafe yet?  This is no "fast food" restaurant!!  Quick serve maybe, but super high quality fresh ingredients with entrees around $10.  Amazing food, service and ambiance.  My wife and I had dinner there for the second time last night.  We went back for their Coconut Shrimp, but wanted to try other dishes (loved the fish tacos our first time there!).  Had the Shrimp and Chips, and a cup of fish chowder.  All excellent-- fresh, high quality, lightly battered.  Owner Kim visited with us to ensure we were happy with the experience-- nice touch!  Since I grew up in LA, the place brings back memories of Malibu, Santa Monica and Zuma Beach.  Two large screen TVs continually playing surfing and ocean films.  Staff is friendly and quick to serve.  Can't wait to introduce some friends.
2	Went there with three members of the Family today, and here is the lowdown from what we had to eat:Blackened fish sandwiches were pretty darn good.  Generous portion and well seasoned.  Tartar sauce is dill-based and quite good.Did not try the fish tacos, and I hear they are good from other family that turned us on to this place.Here are my issues.  On the outside of the store there is a huge sign on the canopy that states:  "All of our food is made from scratch".  From "scratch".That is simply not true.  I had the shrimp and chips basket, and the shrimp was described as butterflied and lightly battered.  Sounds good, no?  Well hate to break it to ya, but they were clearly frozen and from their local restaurant supply place.  Don't believe me?  Others have placed examples of the aforementioned shrimp in the pics section.  Have a look.  I have had these at countless chains across the country, and can spot them a mile away.  Likely TESCO or shamrock delivered.  Uninspired at best.Also, french fries- Frozen Shoestring, Mickey D's styleAlso , onion rings-  Frozen Beer battered style (I was fine with both of these being frozen, and there was an ample amount of both.)What I DO have a problem with them stating that EVERYTHING is from scratch, when it is clearly not.Also, their "famous" cole slaw was bland, practically tasteless on its own.  It fared better on the really well done fish sandwiches.I am not by any means a "power" reviewer on this site, but I am being honest here.  Fix your breaded shrimp and do them the right way.  Not that hard, and likely cheaper in the long run.  OR, change that sign out front because it is not indicative of what is happening with some of your food.  Not going to one star this review because of the excellent service and fish sandwich.  I hope you guys do well, but be honest or change a couple of things.
5	Went to Coconuts for the first time tonight because we needed a touch of Hawaii.  In one word "Aaaamaaazing".  The fish tacos were fresh and delicious, tasty and with a tinge of sweetness and very satisfying.  The best thing about it was it was all gluten free and just what the doctor ordered.  We sat on the patio in August, which was a feat in itself given that it was extremely comfortable with the misters and the fans.  Who said you can't eat outdoors in Scottsdale in August.  No problemo, it was very comfortable.Met Kim, the owner, who was a delightful man, and had a wonderful chat.  The restaurant's not fancy, just very comfortable with great food.  We'll definitely be back.
4	Saw this place was new so went with the wife after her target practice at the gun club. Am originally from Hawaii so always liked island food.  The place is a little kitschy with surf board tables and Hawaiian music playing. At least the Hawaiian music was not something too touristy.Wife had the fish tacos and I went with the fish burger. Also ordered a side of onion rings. At $6.99 the rings are a bit pricey but they give you a ton!  They may be frozen as a previous reviewer reported but hot and crunchy.  We are all but one. The fish tacos come on two plates and are good size. They have fruit on top and are tasty. It comes with a lemon wedge but I wish it was lime. No cilantro either and not spicy. Coleslaw instead. Overall good but not outstanding. The fish burger was much better. Coleslaw again with tomato and sauce. Nice piece of fish. Well cooked too not tough like so many places I've had a fish burger. It is actually a piece of fish and not ground so kudos for that. I had the Ono and I would recommend it.  Also had the asian zing sauce, again recommended. I had the wheat bun and I think I will try the sesame next time as the wheat bun is okay but a better bun would make this sandwich epic! Good place, very busy. Will be back. Overall a
4	We always enjoy coming to Coconuts. It's a great alternative to the ubiquitous burger or taco places. The food is delicious and healthful and the staff always friendly. If you're undecided, try the Cajun style Mahi over brown rice- yummy!
3	My family and I decided to try this place out last night. It's located right next to Carlos O'Brien s, has a nice parking lot layout.  The place is decorated with a Hawaiian theme with flat screens playing surfing videos. We ordered with the gal at the front counter and she was SUPER nice and giving recommendations on drinks and such but didn't really tell us what to expect or how the routine was. We didn't realize that you're supposed to get your own silver, napkins, condiments, etc. We ordered 3 mains, 3 appetizers, and 2 beers and a tea, and the bill before tip came to over $82.00 which gave us all a little shock. We didn't have a problem with the bill; most places in Scottsdale are about this price BUT usually, the places that charge $20 or more per person also include table service and a set table. We had the calamari appetizer, the coconut shrimp appetizer, fish tacos, fish & chips, and a chowder. The calamari was excellent, the coconut shrimp was very decent (good dipping sauce-sweet/spicy but I suspect frozen). My dad loved his tacos, my mom not so much (she felt like they could have put more fish and less fluff cabbage on it, especially since you're paying over 10 bucks for just two tacos). I loved my fish (great breading on the mahi!) but the chips were obviously frozen shoestring potatoes that they had fried up on order. Don't get me wrong, they tasted decent enough but maybe they shouldn't say everything is made from scratch when it isn't....My husband thought the chowder was nothing special as it tasted like canned chowder soup that they had tossed previously frozen seafood bits into and doctored up. My folks couldn't stop raving about the beers though!The food was out to us in under 10 minutes after ordering which surprised us as the dining area was full of people. We had food runner (maybe a supervisor of sorts?) who was nice enough to grab silver and etc for us but he was BAKED. (red eyes, delay in reaction, awkward interactions-the guy was not only baked but was something closed to SUPER baked :P). The guy was really nice but it was pretty darn obvious. The food was really good but the casual atmosphere just doesn't match the price points that they have going and almost serves as a deterrent from going on the regular. I would hate to see this place close due to greedy prices but I fear that's the path they are taking :/
5	Wow! How did I not know about this place before now? Coconut's Fish Cafe is a surf-style eatery with surf board tables and benches. There is outdoor seating as well, but you order first from the counter and then they bring the food to your table. They have casual food like fish tacos, fish burgers, fries, onion rings, veggie burgers, etc. I ordered the fish burger and you can choose between 2 or 3 types of fish and what style you'd like it (spicy, salt and pepper, blackened, etc.) I opted for the mahi mahi, spicy style. It was a good size for a little over $10 and topped with a tomato and their signature coleslaw.  Sides are extra. Very messy to eat, but so, so delicious. My one negative comment was that the fish was slightly overcooked, but it didn't stop me from inhaling the whole thing. My husband got the fish tacos. Also very, very messy to eat but super tasty.The staff was genuinely friendly for a place that you order at the counter. Dogs are not allowed on their patio, just an FYI. And I wouldn't recommend this as a first date spot or anytime you want to be "neat" with your food. Be aware, you'll get some on you.
2	Went to coconuts with my family of 5. We are fish lovers.The fish tacos are good but most everything else ordered was either greasy bland or simply not made from scratch as advertised. Most importantly everything is overpriced. We spent $80 for greasy soggy fish & chips. Calamari that doesn't include the tentacles chowder from a can and cabbage salad that my 7 yr old said tasted like nothing. My son who'll eat anything found the steak in the tacos was  pre cooked & too spicy but the best quote belongs to my elder daughter who says " the best thing about the place is the soda machine"
1	This was our second and last visit. Our fish and chips was overcooked, overpriced and tasteless.  McDonald's has better French Fries, and the Cole Slaw was less than memorable.  However, our craving for Mac and Cheese was quickly put to an end by the $3.25 price for cold Kraft Mac and Cheese that was really disappointing!
5	i thought i wrote a review for this place? anyway, after some excellent review-age by Marisa S, the wife and i drove beyond our 1 mile radius for some early bird eatage at coconuts fish cafe. i had 3 fish tacos...i'm not sure what kind of fish, but it was a standard white fish. what surprised me was how much freaking fish was in those tacos! it was overflowing with the sea! and with it's tasty slaw and mango toppings, i needed a bucket full of napkins after devouring their deliciousness. the wife had a fish burger and the fish filet actually stuck out about an inch around the entire sandwich! it was incredibly big, messy, and delicious!i was impressed! there are numerous other fish options, along with some non-fish options. the place is spotlessly clean, and looks like a chain restaurant. but it was tasty and will be on our go-to list now. staff was super friendly and it being slow when we went in, had no problems hanging and chatting with us!
4	The quality of the fish is excellent and I enjoy the casual atmosphere and friendly service. The price point is a little high, especially with the kids menu. I also wish they had a flour tortilla option. But the food is good and fresh with a lot of great options!
4	I loved the fish and chips I had here! The people that work there are very friendly and I love all the surf videos
5	Excellent service & ingredients.   Clean and nice curb appeal.  Check this place out
2	Tried this place after finding a coupon in the Inside Coup mailer.  The staff is very friendly and you can tell like to work there.  Atmosphere is nice and casual with that on-the-beach surfer stop.  Family style seating in the middle of the room and picnic benches along the wall.  Big screen TV that has surfer interviews that include that surfers styles.  No sound on.  It's a surfer restaurant and watching the guys surf is relaxing.Kind of a fast food style place -  order at the counter, get your own drink, get your own plastic forks, knives, napkins, condiments.Ordered the Maui Maui.  For $10.99 you get a 5x5 filet of fish on top of brown rice with a small cup of coleslaw.  My dining partner had shrimp and chips for $11.99.  6 jumbo shrimp on fries with a small cup of coleslaw.  She said the shrimp was good.Amount of coleslaw was about 3 fork stabs worth.  The coleslaw seemed to be some chopped up iceberg lettuce with light dressing.  Couldn't really tell since there wasn't enough to tell.  Enough fries for 2 people.The food is okay.  I've had much better Maui Maui at non-seafood restaurants.  For two 'dinners' and one drink the total came to $25.  Terribly overpriced for the amount of food, you're not sitting down being served, and the fact that the food isn't all that special.  Maybe if the recipes were something to write home about.  This overprice cafe (fast food restaurant) isn't something I would go out of my way to return to.  I would rather rate this a 2.5 star.
5	WOW! I have to say, one of the BEST joints to grab some fish tacos in the valley. I have ate at many venues locally, and this place is fresh, tasty and the portions are HUGE. Well worth the price, and the fish tacos are gluten free and made with a ton of ingredients for an absolutely amazing flavor. Shrimp basket, also awesome! I have ate here at least 5 times since its close to my work, and I have NEVER been disappointed.
3	I just had fish and chips for lunch last time. I should get serious next time trying their great food.
5	Have been here a couple times now. I was told by a friend to order the fish tacos because they were so good. I havent tried anything else on the menu yet because I became instantly addicted to them. So good and overflowing with fish and lots of fresh toppings. Best fish tacos I've had, especially considering its not a sit down type of place
4	I had the fish taco bowl.. Delicious! Healthy too... Grilled fish on top of brown rice and cabbage with a mango salsa on top. New favorite spot
4	I love the artwork in the women's bathroom. Oh, the food is good too!Been twice, got the Ono burger both times just because its that good, I couldn't NOT get it. Although, went with the hubby, so we also shared the coconut shrimp...so tasty as are their French fries. I think about this burger all the time and have to tried to copy at home, and just never the same. The only reason I take it down one star is for prices only. I get that they serve quality seafood, but for lunchtime for example, prices are a little on the high end.
4	My mahi burger with cole slaw was very tasty.  I got it Cajun style and it had just the right amount of spice without overpowering the fish.
5	Absolute best food I had the entire time I was in Phoenix visiting. The two of us shared the coconut shrimp, fish burger, and fish taco. Best seafood I've ever had. I could eat this every day.  A. M. A. Z. I. N. G.
5	What a fun little find! We had the fish tacos with the amazing, homemade mango salsa. Everything tasted so fresh. The furniture are cute surfboard tables and benches. There is also mist patio outside (no dogs). Hope to visit the original restaurant in Maui someday. Thanks for bringing a piece of Hawaii to Scottsdale!
5	I live just a minute away.  And have never been here.   In one word "Awesome"!!!   I like the beach atmosphere.  Surfboards for the tables.  The fish tacos are great. The menu has alot more I want to try.   I will definitely be coming back.
4	Coconut's is an interesting mix of expensive, good quality fish prepared in a more informal way (As fish and chips, tacos, etc.) served up in a casual setting. I stepped into the restaurant and loved the beach theme decor. The tables and chairs are surfboard shaped!After browsing through the menu I decided on the fish and chips ($11.99). It was a generous portion of 2 battered fish, with crispy fries and coleslaw served in a basket. The fish had a herb seasoned breading, and was more tender than super crispy. The fish was nicely cooked. The fries were decent, but I wasn't a fan of the coleslaw. It tasted bland with very little dressing.Overall, it was a pleasant experience. Service was cheerful and friendly, and the staff would check up on me to make sure everything was OK.
5	What a great find! We were sent here from a local chef/owner who RAVED about the fish here. Being a self proclaimed fish snob, I couldn't wait to check it out. They delivered! Fresh, delicious and generous portions of some of the best fish AZ has seen. (finally)  I also love that my husband can get his taco fix and I can stick to something healthy with a salad if I'm not up for tacos or fish and chips. Yum!  Also, great staff every time we have been in.
4	Tacos were good the soup was not tasty. i will say, the place does have an island feel even the high prices are genuine to HI
4	This bowl of clam chowder is delicious! Steaming hot and full of real clams...lots of them. I also ordered the coconut shrimp with a  yummy dipping sauce and a green tea. All's great except only four stars because the prices are too high for a order food at the counter, get your own drink cafeteria style -no waitress kind of place.
5	The fish tacos are great!  They give you a large amount of food, I can never finish. Wish they delivered!
5	Best fish tacos! Ono local style is great too. Amazing, meticulous service! You can't go wrong with anything here.
2	I had lunch and dinner here on two different days. This place reminds me a lot of Rubios. The fishburger was all right, but dinner was very disappointing. The tacos and taco mountain had some white fish which was very dry and the fixings seemed to be loads of cabbage in mayo. The chicken burger turned out to be terrible, cold and dry. Overall decor is nice, food is a bit pricey and meh
5	Imagine if the burger restaurant islands had a baby with rubios. Great fish and chips, clam chowder, and perfectly cooked calamari. All wrapped up with a very casual Hawaiian surf theme. Would recommend to anyone to try.
4	Love this place but a few suggestions: provide silverware and napkins when food is delivered to the table - I am constantly getting up for things when I would prefer to sit and eat my lunch. Also, the fish tacos are delicious - I just wish there was the option to order just one. They are HUGE - how can a girl eat more than one?! It's not something that would heat up well, so I always end up throwing one away - so wasteful. Maybe $7.99/1 as an option to the regular price of $10.99/2 tacos.... Staff is always friendly, coconut shrimp is awesome. Seating looks cool, but not easy to get in/out of benches IMO. I hope this place stays around as the food is very good and great quality however some may be turned off by the fast-casual atmosphere with a sit-down full service price. (At least for lunch)
5	Loved this place! Fish tacos were amazing! The restaurant was very clean and Steven who was working was wonderful!Only thing I would recommend is lime for the tacos.
2	Water is great!! Perfectly cooled and nicely filtered. The fish on the other hand was dry and way over seasoned. And they don't have a option to order double meat made me pay for another meal.
5	Y.U.M.  Their fish burger is so good that I can never talk myself into trying their other menu items.  The fresh wheat bun is delish, the fish has always been cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Plus, it's a huge sandwich, so I never have to get the side of fries to be filled up.  I was hesitant to try the fish burger because I love good, regular burgers so much, but this fish burger, makes the rest run for their money.  As for their other menu items, my friend always gets the fish tacos, and loves those so much she can't talk herself into trying anything else. So, I guess those are pretty good also.The price is slightly higher than what one will usually pay for a work-day lunch, but it is for QUALITY, delicious food!
4	A friend recommended Coconut's, but I didn't try it until I was really hungry after unpacking for two days straight. The fish tacos were highly recommended by the enthusiastic former Californian who worked there, but I found them to be just alright.Messy and packed, they were fresh, but not particularly flavorful. The fried shrimp basket was also recommended, so on the second visit, I tried it. Again, OK. But I also got the seafood soup -- now that was some good stuff. Creamy, hot, chock full of vegetables and fish -- YUM! I'll go back again to try the fish burgers and salads. It's so close; it's always clean and packed and it's healthy eating.
5	Definitely the best fish taco place in the area! Everything was fresh and delicious. I wish this place was closer to Chandler so I can eat there every day.
5	They specialize in fish tacos, and I can honestly say they are the best I have ever had!! They are pricey but you get what you pay for here. I do agree with other reviews about the lack of side orders. It would nice to have something not fried, like some black beans!!
4	I should have come here sooner!  Everyone seems to love the fish tacos so naturally that's what I ordered. Whoa there they did not disappoint. I loved them!! The atmosphere inside is so cute too the tables are shaped like surf boards. My boyfriend got the fish burger (the guy working there recommended it blackended) and he loved it. The entrees were approx $10 each but the portions are large, I could only finish one fish taco and I have a healthy appetite. Thanks for the great food and service! I'll be seeing Coconut's again.
4	Interesting - better than average for fairly fast adult food.  Fun decor - I guess the inspiration came from Hawaii.  If you're in the mood for some good seafood tacos etc give this one a tryl  Oh - does load up with customers - go early or plan to wait in line.
5	This place is great. It's like a cross between a fast-food and a regular restaurant.  It has a really casual upscale fast-food atmosphere, and the food is really fresh and delicious!It has become one of my favorite places for a quick bite.
5	I love this place. The fish tacos are amazing and a little hard to eat being stacked so high with awesomeness. My favorite here is the calamari and chips. The calamari here is different than I have had before, cut in long strips and delicious. The portions are great and I love the atmosphere
5	Have been in with my wife a few times now and we both loved it! The food is fresh with healthy options. The staff and service are great. The fish is perfect.The first tie. I went I had the fish tacos. Really good but a little tough to eat, knife and fork required. The coconut shrimp are delicious. My favorite is the fish sandwich with blackened mahi. Will be back soon.
3	This was my first time at this brand and it started on a way less than pleasant foot.  As I was with an individual in a wheelchair, the 1" lip at the door was a bit rough.  Holding the heavy front door while working the wheelchair over that lip was a slight challenge.  Thankfully I have experience in this area.  Sadly, there were two young men standing at the counter talking as I, a customer, was struggling.  I mentioned this fact to them and immediately was told that they had "JUST" come out to the counter, and they were "sorry".  When I stated that they were both standing there when I came through the door, I was again told they had "just" come to the counter, when I again stated I didn't buy that, the shorter of the two gentlemen as rather rude and stated that I'm welcome to my opinion and he was "sorry".  I don't buy it.Our order consisted of 3 dishes from the childrens menu as our appetites were not that great.  When I placed my order, once again the same individual that gave me attitude seemed upset that all I wanted was a dish from the childrens menu.  Thankfully, the food was pretty tasty.  As I won't be rushing back to this brand anytime soon, the couple I was with will return as they liked the food.I recieved a reply from one of the owners of this brand and was very pleased that they actually did more than send me a standard I'm sorry for your bad experiance reply.  The personal reply concerning my experience was much appreciated and show that the owners do care about their brand as well as the customers.  As I am not a seafood person, the friends I was with and my family are.  As I stated in my review the food was good and with the we will do better attitude of the owners, we will be back and look forward to a better experience the next time.
5	This place is amaaAAAaaazing. I ordered a fish sandwich -- ono, spicy -- and it was incredibly delicious. I immediately wanted seconds, but settled for the last two bites of my girlfriends equivalently delicious fish tacos. This place really captures the Island flavors I haven't had since I was last in Kauai. Even better, everyone was nice and friendly and you could just tell everyone enjoyed working there, heck, even the guy wiping down tables. Coconut's will be a must stop for me every time I visit the Scottsdale area. Highly recommend.
4	First visit today - really good.The chowder is great. We had fish tacos (excellent) and Ono sandwich , Asian style. Very good. Will be back.
5	Absolutely delish! Mahi-Mahi fish sandwich done "south of the border" style is a must try! Coleslaw is great, everything is really fresh! Good kids menu as well with non-fish choices for them if needed. Can't wait to go back!!
5	We were looking for a reasonably priced restaurant in Scottsdale and found this place on Yelp. I ordered the fish tacos as and hubby ordered calamari and chips. The two tacos are way too much food for one person, they serve them on two plates for sharing. So we split both meals. everything was excellent. We even got to meet the owner who was going from table to table greeting everyone and making sure the food was good. We are in Scottsdale for a few days and at hoping to get back there before we leave.
5	Great food, we are lucky to have this place! It can get busy around normal meal times as it isn't huge, but well worth a small wait if it happens.The burgers are all I gotten, and I really like the mahi mahi burger :)
4	I finally tried this place since it's down the street from me. Went with a group of 3 and we decided to go for some fish tacos.The fish was really damn good, and I'm not a huge fish fan. I really liked the coleslaw on top. I just wish there was a single taco option since the place is a little pricey. A whole plate is 2 tacos and pretty filling, but maybe not for a guy's appetite. The calamari was also quite tasty.Everyone is friendly and it's a clean, bright environment. Definitely worth a try if you've been craving some Hawaiian style fish.
5	Been to Coconuts several times over the past fe months, and each time I'm thrilled with this place!  Let's start with the food - and at Coconuts, that means (mostly) fish, and for me that means fish tacos.  In a word:  spectacular!  The fish tastes fresh, is grilled perfectly, is accompanied (read: piled HIGH) with creamy cole slaw and mango salsa that capture a real island feel.  Each time I go to Coconuts I  go with the intention of trying something different.....but, the fish tacos are so good I can't pull the trigger on ordering something else.Now, let's talk about the "ambiance".  I really like the fact that Coconuts has a casual feel in the heart of North Scottsdale.  Not fancy; more like a neighborhood place that locals flock to.  Perhaps they could do a little more to make it look a little less like a fast food place, but only if they can find a way to keep it laid back and casual.I need to give a shout-out to the employees.  They are friendly, upbeat, helpful, and knowledgable about their product.  They are busy (this place feels like it's starting to get popular), but all the workers always seem to be smiling and take a few moments to chat,  Finally, here's the thing about Coconuts.....at first glance, the price for two fish tacos ($10.99) seems a bit high.  But, don't let that deter you - it is a really good value.....The quality and quantity justify the price.
5	I discovered this place while driving in North Scottsdale.  The name caught my eye.  So glad I decided to go inside.  I tried the coconut shrimp - you get six scrumptious nice sized shrimp, the coconut flavor really pops and the dipping sauce is a nice blend of spicy and sweet.  I ordered the blackened Ono with brown rice.  I absolutely love it, so fresh and perfectly flavored.  Their pricing is a bit high, but the quality justifies that.  I go there at least twice a month, would go more often if they were closer to me.  PS. Open one in Central Phx, please!!
5	I adore this place! The employees are always happy, and helpful.  I order the fish tacos with mango salsa and am never disappointed. The fish is seasoned well and the mango salsa is truly amazing! You get 2 per order but they are always filled with tasty fish and yummy salsa. I have ordered the pasta here as well it was good but not as delightful as the tacos. This place gets busy during lunch so recommend going a tad earlier or later to avoid the rush. My coworkers and I eat here at least once a week. If you are in Scottsdale definitely give the fish tacos a try.
5	My favorite local fish joint.  Never disappointed.  Either Local Style, Ono fish n chips, or lightly battered shrimp.  Cannot miss on a great healthy meal that won't put you in the poor house.
4	Clean interior Friendly staff Convenient location Extensive but not overwhelming menu choices    Really good food!This may be North Scottsdale's best kept secret. Although it seemed a bit odd to have a fish taco at a Hawaiian themed restaurant I figured, why not? I once had McDonalds in Japan and KFC in London - this was much better.The fish tacos (you get 2 on separate plates) come with a rather small soft taco shell that's piled high with fish, mango, cole slaw, etc.  It's nearly impossible to fold this up and I guarantee some food is going to drop out - don't worry about it, but get a fork.  I also tried the fish and chips (again - in a Hawaiian themed restaurant?) which were also excellent. At first I thought the prices were a bit high (the fish tacos were $11) but after tasting the food I think they're well worth the price.  FYI - I had a little trouble finding this place. The address is on Scottsdale but it faces Bell just west of the intersection. It's very close to Carlos O'Brien's.
2	The staff couldn't have been nicer, helping us order and keeping the place in shape.  I have to type this review with a hand over my eyes.  It's painful delivering a negative message to such nice hard working people.  Let's pull off the band aid-The fish tacos are dry and under seasoned and $38 for 2 orders of fish tacos, tasty onion rings and 2 drinks in a no waiter restaurant is too expensive.  There.
4	Ironically, we visited this place (finally) right before we went to Maui. Cute little place with great food that's not too pricey (for Scottsdale, anyway). Loved the fish and chips and the coconut shrimp. My boyfriend also loved the fish tacos. I'll definitely be back again!
5	We loved Coconuts while living on Maui  and were so pleased to discover it was just down the street from us. It's just as good as the original and we would definitely recommend it to everyone!
4	My husband and I are visiting the Phoenix area; since we went to the original Coconut's in Maui during our honeymoon and loved it, we decided to come here.Husband got the fish tacos, which were as good as we remembered -- fresh fish with really good coleslaw and mango salsa.  I got the fish taco salad, which was also really good with the mango vinaigrette; my only wish would be to add a little bit of the coleslaw to the salad (the only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5).The service is also really great. Employees are friendly, warm, and enthusiastic. We were greeted when we walked in and attended to throughout our time there, despite this not being a sit-down restaurant.Definitely recommended.
5	Biggest complaint is the price...the rest is unbeatable!  Came recommended by a friend and I was not disappointed.  My wife, who despises fish in any form, actually ate an entire fish taco!  Large portions (good luck eating a taco without a fork, ha ha!) and ridiculously great tasting!  Very unique to say the least.  Expect to spend $40+ for a pair of lunch entrees and a couple drinks, but I'd go here any day, any time.  Loved it!
5	This foodie has found a home.Fabulous, fresh and delicious food.The restaurant is darling, with tables shaped like surfboards and lots of Hawaii and fish paintings.The staff are very friendly and helpful.If you like Hawaiian fish, get over here and try Coconuts!
5	Best Fish Tacos I've ever had.  This place is amazing.
4	I can't wait to go back for more delish fish tacos!!! We have a hard time finding good, fresh seafood so to find a place that is really good is a real delight! Clam chowder and seared tuna was also excellent. Would have been 5 stars, but of all things the fish on the kids meal was horribly over-breaded and over-cooked. I'm not sure if the kids fish is different than their regular order. Would also like an unfried app to choose from besides the chowder.We will definitely be back and will pick up Chowder to go! I might even go now...can't get the tacos off my mind!
5	The fish tacos were so good that I had to come back 4 days later and I live across town! For a gluten free person to find something so delicious is wonderful! Thanks Coconuts! Come to Chandler!
5	Enjoyed 2 fish tacos at Coconut's Fish Cafe yesterday after seeing many friends posts on FB. The service was incredible and the fish was fresh and great!!! I would recommend that every try Coconut's.......
4	a nice change from typical fast food. I had the blackened mahi burger and fries. There was plenty to share with my friend.  We'll seasoned and fairly reasonably priced. I'll be returning here again.
4	Outstanding Fish Tacos and Great Chowder.  Nice personal visit by Executive Chef.  We be back there.(Add a porter or stout to beer offering.)
4	Amazing fish tacos.  First rate ingredients and execution.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars is that I don't love the decor/ambiance.   It's feels a bit like a chain restaurant.
5	I now have another Fish Taco Place to frequent! I got the two fish tacos and the seafood chowder. The fish was fantastic with all the spices and fresh goodness like the mango salsa and coconut slaw. I loved the seafood chowder, it came out piping hot and stayed that way the whole time. Plus, they had a great selection of beers. The staff was friendly and service was fast. I saw some reviews on here whining about price, but I found it very reasonable for the quality of the product. This is now a go-to place for me when I am in Scottsdale.
4	Very good tasting. Big over priced. We got 2 orders of fish tacos (4 tacos) to share and - order of shrimp & chips. Not bad but not awesome. I prefer Wahoo in SoCal.
5	How can you go wrong with Coconuts?  I love the Fish Tacos. They are the best I have found in town. I would consider myself a "Fish Taco Connoisseur" and visit as many fish taco wielding establishments as possible. At Coconuts the staff rocks....the restaurant is always clean and the food NEVER fails. This a go-to for me and I share it with all my buddies. A great call for sure.
3	Unfortunately, this place is extremely expensive for what you get. The mahi mahi sandwich..this fish is great, but then you have this large bun, so all you taste is bread. No fries, no mac salad, just a fish sandwich for around $10.00...then you add a drink. I hope they adjust their menu and pricing, otherwise they may fade away in the sunset.
3	Good food, i'll be heading back to try a few other options but the tacos were ok, not spectacular.  The salsa was good but not explosive on my buds.
4	Went to Coconuts for the first time and we really enjoyed it.  Had the fish and chips--very good.  Used to cod, but the mahi mahi was a great change.  We will be back to try something new.  Edgar at the register has a great personality and was very personable and helpful with the menu!! All restaurants need personalities like his to go along with good food.  Will go again for sure!!!
5	Amazing tacos!  One is enough for two average eaters :) while you're at it plan your next trip to Hawaii Cox the ambience would make you wanna do just that!  ;)
4	The best fish tacos I have ever had!
4	Great fish tacos, huge and delicious!! Also great coconut shrimp! Great atmosphere inside as well.
5	My wife and I get tired of the same old spots to grab lunch or a quick dinner. After awhile all of the Mexican restaurants start to look and taste the same and don't even get me started on places like BJ's, Yard House, etc.How refreshing to find Coconut's.  The fish tacos and the fish and chips are fantastic. You'll also enjoy the friendly staff and the casual interior.
4	We took my parents and kids for my mother's birthday and were delighted to find a large surfboard table to seat all 7 of us. Fish and chips, seafood pasta, and fish tacos were fresh and delicious. The only down side was the ordering system. The line to order winds through some of the tables and is noisy. We couldn't save our table and have everyone order at the counter so we were running back and forth to get the family's order and tell the gal at the register. After that, the food came quickly and was great. The calamari and dipping sauce was better than I've ever had-and I've had Legal Seafood's, which is the best, or so I thought. GO there!
4	I was needing a place that we could get a delish fish taco or fish burger (it's Lent on a Friday...ahhh!) So I yelped 'fish tacos', and up this come. It was a little on the pricey side but I thought, you know what...sometimes good food comes with a good price tag. :o)  When we arrived, the parking lot was really busy, so parking was quite tight, but luckily we arrived before noon so at least we HAD a spot to park in. (good choice to arrive then too, I might add, the noon hour was PACKED). Anyway, there were some good choices on the menu, and even when you order, they ask you 'how you would like the fish prepared...with seasonings (ie: cajun, lemon butter -- which I got, etc..) The gal at the counter was super nice and didn't make us feel 'rushed'. We made our selections, Fish burger (with wheat bun) and fish tacos.  We didn't wait, long (they give you a number and they bring the food to your table.) We got the food, and I attacked it. :o) So yummy, the fish was a very good size, and the coleslaw on the sandwich along with the dressing was tangy and creamy. (Just a little messy) And my husband got the tacos. They aren't the type of tacos you fold in your hand and eat. They are on a crunchy, small flour tostata-type of taco shell. So he had to cut with a knife and fork and eat it. No biggy. He liked the tacos, the mango salsa and coleslaw were great on it.We ate pretty quickly, because it was so good. And side-note,  I noticed that the people bringing out the food (and clearing the plates) were so nice as well!! They even tried helping find a table for this family of 5! Just a great experience overall. Good food, good customer service. I will be back!
4	I've been back a few times now and while I still love this place, their fish tacos and seafood chowder, I have a few suggestions I hope are heard...- as another reviewer noted, please add the coleslaw to the taco salad. I didn't check my receipt detail, but I hope I didn't lay the $5.99 thats on the menu for a side?!- the Caesar either didn't have enough dressing or the dressing is too "watery"-even though it was a busy Lenten Friday night, I didn't expect to wait forever for silverware to be replinisged, firsthand forks, then on another trip knives, the finally spoons... Might be a serious dish washing problem?-food came out in 3 shifts so no one ate togetherI still love the food, although there may be some inconsistency as not everyone's vet taken here or talked to agrees.  Hope, hope, hope it gets figured out.
3	not bad, but not even close to the mouth watering goodness we had in London :( And I mean fish n chips! Its pricey, although most fish n chips places are, and this is in an upscale neighborhood. I am yet to find a good f n c place in town.
5	Went last nite with some friends and ordered the seafood chowder ( of course!). Then we had a couple of Ahi plates that were prepared seared to order. The staff is great and we love this taste of Maui.
4	Love this place. I cannot get enough of it!Everything is always fresh, people are nice.I wish they would play some different video's on the big screens, the surfing video's are getting old!
5	great place cheap food!
5	Love the wasabi hint in the coleslaw. Makes me miss Maui!
5	Had a business associate in from out of town. He wanted to go somewhere he couldn't go in his home town. We both had the fish tacos and both agreed they were they best we've ever had anywhere.I'll be back!
5	Coconut shrimp was fresh and made with high quality coconut - gotta try it to start. After that, the two colossal fish tacos were among the best I've had, and definitely filling. Their mango salsa was too spicy for the kids, but perfect for a hot sauce liver like me. Highly recommended.
5	20+ visits - all equally solid. Excellent quality, wide variety, clean, and quick. Beers on tap, wines by the glass and adept service. Best of all, an owner, Kim, who's always around actively managing his business and helping staff and customers. This is a walk up to the counter, place your order and they bring your food to you kind of place. There is a big and shaded patio with Hawaiian music playing and a large surfboard table-furnished dining room. The food is healthy fish taco and similarly inspired dishes. You can get chicken, too. I prefer the Taco Mountain because I like the neatness of eating with a fork, but the same ingredients ride on corn tortillas instead of brown rice on the Fish Tacos and they POUR out of the kitchen, they are so popular. Lots of pairs of women split an order of them, which I understand since I get a to-go box with my meal so I can put half aside at the beginning of the meal! PS (I get a side of Asian Flare) dressing for extra kick. Chicken and fish is cut into large chunks.  Also, there are more pedestrian choices like fries, and they're just the right kind of crispy. We've hung around for an hour or more watching people chow, visit, go back for seconds, drink, watch surf videos, and stuff their little ones from the kids' menu. Kim visits with most tables, sweeps the floors when needed, and even provides samples! The young people who work for him are happy and well-trained. One day, at 5:55, we saw the health inspector walk in. Everyone watched Kim escort her to the kitchen, and the staff said, "no problem - we always do well. Please be patient if it slows the cooks down a minute."   It did not, and just a bit later, everything was back to speedy normal and the inspector had given the place a big thumbs up. Nice testimonial.
5	Great food fast and casual. I find myself dreaming the fish tacos.  I know it is weird but they are so good
5	Wow! I loved this place. The fish is awesome, we had the Mahi Cajun style over rice and the fish tacos - both were delicious. If you're looking for a great meal without the giant bill at the end, then look no further. Plus the staff are great - Adam the manager was really nice, he came by to make sure that everything was great and Marissa (I think) was really friendly and explained everything on the menu to is very patiently. Overall great experience, we will be back!!
4	This is a nice casual place to get some fish. They cook it up anyway you want it (cue Journey), whether it be fried, grilled, blackened, etc.I have ordered the Taco Mountain every time I've been there. You have a choice of other types of meat besides fish. I always go for the fish. I find that the fish is always fresh and cooked just right. The next time I go in there I'll have to order something different. Pro Tip - This place is a zoo during Fridays when Lent is in season. When you can't find a parking spot, you might as well go with Plan B.
3	Kind of pricey for fish tacos but you do get two of them.  Tacos are a bit of a challenge to eat but that's half the fun.   Casual place.
4	The fish tacos are unlike any I've had elsewhere and very good. Two tacos is a meal too. The calamari was excellent, large steak cut into strips. Strip mall location but nice decor with (very) small outdoor area too. Limited menu. Beer and wine served.
5	Inside, it feels like a vacation in Maui! The staff was informative, enthusiastic and friendly. I had the ahi burger (filet, seared) which had cole slaw on it (which I usually pass on, but had a good feeling about it this time. Or I was just super hungry!) Delicious. And my gut was correct about the cole slaw, creamy, savory and chunky cabbage - yum! I'll be back.
5	Went here for my first time and was immediately hooked. The Ono (wahoo) tacos are absolutely the best tacos on earth! So super fresh and delicious with nothing to be ashamed of like beans and rice. This is pure Hawaiian baby! Super healthy and ultra fresh, not to mention filling. Aloha spirit included!
4	On a whim, my friend was describing a new place that opened on the SW side of Scottsdale and FLW.  Many a different restaurants have been here, but this might make it.  It's a Hawaiian seafood flair.  The ambiance is that of a Sand Bar/Rubios.   It's counter service and has a patio.  I had the fish tacos, my fiend have some ahi.  Both were great.  The place got packed as lunch progressed.    It's definitely a new favorite place and a cheap (er) alternative the others in the area.  It's tough to find.  It's next to Carlos Obriens.
5	Finally ! Perfectly grilled fish! The Taco Mountain with Ono & MahiMahi was excellent! The owner Kim is a real nice guy too. We'll be back for sure.
5	This place is great, food is delicious and well prepared, and doesn't break the bank.  The manager is a class act too!
5	Just a little background: This is a casual dining chain with a Hawaiian theme featuring fresh fishIt is simply feel good, delicious food. I ordered the 17 ingredient fish tacos and they were everything I expected. The guy who took my order was very attentive and explained to me how the tacos were made after I told him it was my first time eating at Coconut's. The rest of the staff were very friendly as well, asking me if everything was ok. The space is very clean and the employees were constantly picking up after patrons. But back to the food, the tacos aren't the most graceful dish to eat but every bite was full of flavor with tomatoes, mango, coconut milk, organic slaw, and more... They offer great portions at affordable prices. To make it even better they seem to be a restaurant that values sustainability. I left feeling light but completely satisfied. Price, quality, and convenience give this 5 stars and I'm a tough critic!
3	Quality grilled fish tacos. Very tasty, just a little pricey ($11.50 for two hefty ones). Had some nice beer choices. Vibe is nice. Service was spot-on -- guy at the register was very friendly and explained everything, brought out our food. Owner stopped over and spent some time with us. Still a little too "fishy" tasting for me -- next time I'd try chicken. I wished they had a fried fish version.
5	Will write  a more detailed review later. Coconuts is now my FAVORITE  place to go for fish. Everything is fresh, hot and delicious. The restaurant is sparkling clean and service is great  Definitely a must try for fish lovers. :)
5	Living in a place that has tons of sand and no ocean...it is nice to find somewhere that you can escape and feel like you're at the beach. The surfing videos playing on the TV's trick you into thinking that you are looking out a window with an ocean view.Fish tacos are what I always order. They are huge!! I forget that I only need one but they are so delicious I have now problem eating both. Price might seem high but they are made with quality fish that is grilled perfectly!If you haven't been you should!! It is like a little mini lunch vacation!!
2	Finally, I'm here to try the famous fish tacos! Now after my first visit, I don't quite get why this place gets so much hype, and why my coworker is crazy about it!6 of us stopped by for lunch around 11 and no wait! The line starts getting long around 11:30. We all ordered the fish or chiken taco mountain, quite pricy in my opinion, but the plate is huge! I guess they measured it by the amount of food. It really looked like a mountain, not in the nicest presentation, all the fish, veggies, sauce, and rice are mixed together, the fish, however, was very dry and flavor-less, i hate to say, the only thing I enjoyed was the mango salsa. I barely finished half of the plate and was so stuffed! The place does offer a cool decor where the tables are in the shape of surf boards, interior lighting is bright, a clean and simple setup. But for the food, sorry, I would rather pay less and get a burrito bowl from chipotle!
1	Thirty two bucks for two fish tacos, two iced-teas and an order of fish and chips.I'm opening with this in order to partially explain the low star count.My spouse enjoyed the fish tacos, which did live up to all the hype. Sadly, I had a basket of fish and chips and it did not.Of the three pieces of fish, the first piece sampled was foul, reeking of spoiled fish and tasting like jack mackerel, one of the fishiest flavors in all seven seas.The second piece was delightful compared to the first, while the third had me on the edge of my seat wondering whether it was spoiled or flavorful? I took a small bite to test the water. It was neither, somewhere in the middle with its fishy odor and complete lack of flavor. I should have sent it back but didn't, since I'd just gotten into an argument with my spouse over what to order and needed to prove she didn't out-order me.So I ate this stinky load o' bait by coating it with ketchup, holding my nose and swallowing it whole, like I was a fucking sea lion or something.Fast forward four hours.I'm sitting here with a bad case of heartburn, a sick stomach, a wallet that's thirty two dollars lighter, and a spouse who "can't wait to go back."Well she can go back and eat the whole damned place out of fish tacos for all I care, but I'm never going back. Fuck that. I have principles and one of them is this:If I'm going to eat out, it should never be a mystery. At the very least, I have certain expectations and albeit low, they're expectations just the same. One such is to NOT get blindsided by knowingly munching on anything stinkier than all fuck.
4	Excellent fish! Three if us had Ono sandwich, fish tacos and fish and chips. Small venue with walk-up ordering. Everything is surf boards with a definite Hawaiian feel! The staff are helpful and good wonderful!
5	Wow, I never would have thought of fish tacos, but man these are awesome. and it did help to have a very icy cold beer to boot
5	Love this place, have tried multiple items and have loved them all. The Fish Burger Mahi blackend is my favorite.
5	Best Fish Tacos!  We go here often.  My husband doesn't like fish so he gets the chicken tacos and they are really tasty.!  I love this unique place great for a quick lunch.
4	The food was good but not for the price. 2 fish tacos for $11?! No sides just tacos. They lose a star for price alone. If you have extra money to blow the food is worth it. The tacos are stuffed to the brim and are tasty. The atmosphere is fun.Negatives :Bad fishy smell outside (I'm assuming heat and dumpsters aren't a good mix)Too pricey for the foodPositives :Good foodGreat design and atmosphere
5	Wow!! The coconut shrimp is the best I've ever had. Be sure to use Tiger Sauce on the delicious fish tacos. This place is unique & worth the price for the quality of food! I work & live near here & I will definitely be a regular here. I can't wait to try the chowder!
3	I love the original in Maui and really liked when they first opened.  It seems the last few times I have been, the fish is fishier and "rubbery."  I am not sure if there is trouble shipping fresh fish to the desert or not, however, I was so hoping it wouldn't deteriorate. Even, though expensive, I would have given 5 stars a few months ago.  I can't do that now, and will give it 2 1/2 based on my last few visits and the decrease in the quality of the food.  The staff are always pleasant, so I hope they fix whatever the issue seems to be.  We need a place like this where we can get fresh fish.
4	Had the fish tacos with all the extras. Food was very tasty. Followed their suggestion with the tiger sauce. A little spicy, but not too much to overpower the other flavors. Definitely worth repeat visits. Since it is fast casual, decor was clean but basic.
5	This place was great. You walk in and order at the counter but the guys working there are so nice and sweet. I had never been so I asked how they liked to eat their fish burger and then ordered it. I know they are known for their tacos but I wanted a burger.IT WAS MASSIVE!!! The fish was extremely fresh, flaky and tender and didn't have a hint of fishy flavor. The tartar sauce was great as was the slaw. Next time I go I will try the tacos fo sho! Everything is grilled so you don't feel awful eating and even after, you feel great. I ended up just eating the fish and slaw because I felt like the bun took away from the fish.FYI - the pricing is high, but the portions are huge and you also pay to have some of the freshest fish in AZ so its worth it. Not an all the time lunch place but worth it once in a while.
5	We had no idea they were now here state side and found it to be as delicious as Maui. The sweet guy at the register was very kind, the restaurant was clean and of course the food was great! Fish tacos with mango salsa-perfectly done. We will definitely come back before we head home to CA!!
4	We had the shrimp and chips and fish and chips and really loved it. The French fries are really thin and hot and crunchy and were so good. I also loved the coleslaw but it's not finely chopped so that could throw you off if that's your preference. The cocktail sauce was also spicy and delicious. Service was awesome and the guys came over to the table to refill drinks and bring more sauce which was nice even though it's sort of a self service place. Total bill for the three meals and a bottle of wine was about $56.00.
4	YUMMMMMMMY!  Everything I have ever had there is Delicious!  The only downfall is that it's a little pricey!
5	Simply as good as it gets.  Wonderful tacos Hawaii-style!  Fish is fresh and tasty. When I went in for the first time, I was back two additional times within a week.  So good!  Friendly, hard working staff, place is clean and packed to the gills (pun intended) every time I have been.  Hands down, a 5 star rating in my book.  So happy this place is close to where I live. Highly recommended!
5	loved the fish tacos!  the coconut milk coleslaw is fantastic!  vey nice and clean restaurant with surf boards as tables. highly recommend!
5	I can't get enough of this place. Consistently delicious food prepared with fresh ingredients  in a clean restaurant with a friendly staff. The cole slaw is out of this world!
5	Great atmosphere.  Great FRIENDLY SERVICE.  In fact the people are always working.  They are making sure the guest are treated right.  KIM and ADAM are great.  Tons of food.  I would have never guessed in a million years a little place like this would work but it does and very well at that.
5	Fantastic! Can't believe we did not see this place when in Maui. Mahi salad, coconut shrimp and fish and chips were all delicious. The staff was friendly and helpful. We can't wait to go back for more! And when we go back to Maui we will go again.
2	Clean place, nice staff, average tacos, expensive.I was disappointed with the tacos for a few reasons:1. too many toppings, and one had a brown mustard taste that ruined it for me; also too much cabbage but that at least could easily be taken off.2. o.k. fish3. expensiveI will not go back - $11 for 2 tacos and no sides.  Save your $$ for somewhere else.All a fish taco needs is good fish, a good white based sauce, a little cabbage and red sauce on the side.Fish and chips were better but not great.
3	We ate here last night. I will say that the service was really good. I love fish and chips so I was looking forward to trying this place out. It wasn't bad but it was really thin and flat and square. Almost like Swansons in appearance but it was good it just wasn't alot for $11.99. I might have to go back and give it another try. This time Fish Taco's
4	We like this place a lot.  We've had take-out from here at least 10-15 times and find that the food is consistently good and tasty.  WE're big fans of the Fish Taco Mountain (which you can get without rice if you are eating low-carb).  It's delicious and really filling.  Frequently, I can't finish the whole thing.  We're so happy that they've moved into the neighborhood.
4	Close your eyes and imagine waking up on the beach of a tropical island. You see palm trees lilting back and forth in a gentle breeze like tall, proud hula dancers from an age long past. As you lie on the white sand and let the salty waves ease you from your slumber, you hear steel drums and the melodic hum of a dozen islanders approaching you. Soon they surround you and lift you up on a magnificent litter made of woven palm fronds and a kaleidoscope of soft feathers. The islanders set you down in the shade of the swaying palms and begin to rub your body with warm hunks of wild boar lard. As they grease your arms and legs, more islanders begin feeding you delicate morsels of grilled white fish. In between your heavenly bites, attendants pour sweet, nourishing milk into your mouth from halved coconuts, not bothering to wipe up the excess drops that dribble down your chin, slowly collecting on your chest in an pale pool. Before long, your skin is covered in a soothing blend of coconut milk, pig fat, and briny ocean water. Grains of sand and flakes of fish stick out from your hair like the trappings of some ancient sea sprite. You lie back down on the sand and doze in perfect contentment.Now open your eyes. That's about what it's like to eat at Coconut's Fish Cafe.
4	Great service, cute atmosphere, and delicious coconut shrimp! Can't wait to come back and try more!!
5	We loved this place. We've been wanting to come in for such a long time and can't say how happy we were to finally do so.We both had the coconut shrimp which was fantastic. It comes with a pineapple chile dipping sauce that we we really liked. The service was great. Very friendly and helpful. We'll be back to try something else.
3	Well, it was my second time here last night, the first time was nearly a year ago. I was not quite as impressed this time, unfortunately. I think that is mostly just because they are more popular now, the place was crowded and extremely loud. The service was good. They did bring out the wrong order, but fixed it right away.I got veggie tacos, which is probably one of my favorite foods, so of course I liked it. My bf got fish tacos and they were ready abnormally fast, which made him curious. Also he said his tortilla tasted kind of too hard, like maybe it was old or overcooked. I did not have that issue though, mine were fine. Liked the salsa on top, and the veggie patty is pretty tasty. Small portions for how pricey it is though. Left wanting another taco, or a little snack..which is crazy for a $12 meal. Also don't like that the two tacos are served on separate plates, just don't get it!I do really like the decor of this place, very cute with the surfboard tables and Hawaiian feel. Also it is clean which is a big plus. Coconuts is alright in my book, would probably like it better if I ate fish haha. This restaurant was something different, but not really a personal favorite for me.
5	The EXCELLENT !!!!!!!! I love Hawaiian style missed Maui ! It's here in this place! Manager was very concerned and seems hard worker!!! Love this place in Arizona!!! Made me feel like  I'm in Maui my favorite place!!!!!! I ate like pig!!!! As usuall.... And flip flop wine is great price and taste!!
5	The BEST fried shrimp I have had in over a decade! Great food, friendly staff, and no microwave!  Wife and I went here for the first time, we had the Coconut shrimp, and the lightly breaded shrimp. We've been to restaurants that charged 4 times the price, and the quality was less than half. Shrimp tasted great! Crispy, and not covered in a ton of batter. The employees were helpful, and very friendly. Cant wait to go back!
3	My girlfriend took me to this place because I love a good fish taco! Unfortunately, I was a little disappointed. Though I shouldn't judge the place based off of one experience. The restaurant was busy when we arrived but they did a great job of handling the customers in line. The cashier was patient and friendly. We were able to order almost right away. I of course went with the fish taco combo. I was a little concerned that the rice and beans were a separate charge. My girlfriend told me the tacos were huge so I trusted her and didn't order the sides.Bought a soda and the carbonation was off. The Dr. Pepper tasted flat and lacked that joyous bubbly fizz we all love. The tacos were ready almost as soon as I sat down. At first I was impressed! However, I was a little concerned about the speediness of the food. Had my food been sitting back there under a heat lamp waiting to be served? I'm not sure. All I know is I ordered my meal after her and she had veggie tacos. So how was my fish ready first? They weren't cold but they weren't hot off the grill either. They also brought her the wrong meal, I laughed when they put down fish and chips instead of her usual vegetarian/healthy obsessed dishes. The corn tortilla was stiff like it had been cooked too long or sat awhile. My girlfriend said hers was soft so not sure what  happened to mine. I did enjoy the mango salsa that came with the tacos. Added in a sweet and salty kinda taste to the meal. Not enough to put it in my top taco list though.I finished both tacos and was still hungry! I'm all about portion management, but very rarely do I leave a restaurant still hungry. Especially when paying 13+ for the meal already. I'm not frugal, I just like reasonable prices for what I eat. My girlfriend was sweet and offered to buy me another taco but decided to save that extra space for dessert elsewhere! I'd probably go back and give it another shot since I'm a reasonable person, but with other better places to try it may be awhile!
5	So the wife and I came here for lunch last week as the sign (love coconut, and fish tacos) drew us in from Scottsdale road!  Loved the little surf board style tables they had.  We ordered at the counter and got Two fish tacos and an order of calamari and chips.Fish tacos were amazing, the fish it's self was cooked perfect, moist and flaky!  Top that with a coconut milk slaw and a fresh mango salsa and mmmmmmm!  The calamari and chips was good, but the calamari were shaped like long and thin fish sticks which was new.OK so why the 5 star rating?  Well, in 2014 I rediscovered something I thought vanished from the face of the earth long, long ago...CUSTOMER SERVICE!  Eddie (sorry if I forgot or misspelled your name)  was outstanding, he saw to our every need and made sure everything was good, never had to wait or ask twice.  He was very polite.After finishing our meal and boxing up our food he walked with us to open the door as well.  I had parked right in front of the door, so when we got in our vehicle the cylinder lock had jammed up and we were unable to start our vehicle.  After sweating profusely and trying to start our car, Eddie came out a couple times to ask if we needed help, and when I finally agreed to his help, he was able to start our vehicle right away (saved us big time).  Upon leaving he refused our tip for helping us and simply stated "Come back and see us again soon!"  So that's why I give this place a 5 out of 5, you just can't beat good food and great service!
5	Amazing. These are the best fish tacos I have EVER eaten.They offer a great selection of dishes including pasta and soup. My neices even loved it aged 6 and 9. The staff is friendly. They literally brought a piece of Maui to Scottsdale. This is quality casual dining in a friendly atmosphere. The also recycle their used cooking oil into biofuel. Their containers are recyclable too.Check it out once and I know you'll become a regular...Michelle
2	Please don't order fish & chips -  it looked and tasted awful. Fish should be served with a crunchy batter & not dark brown cornmeal over cooked mrs paul fillets.Stick with the tacos. Why the big deal when you ask for one fish and one steak taco I was told no mixing? You must order two of the same. The tacos are served individually on two separate plates. Still haven't figured that one out - that was a negative.
5	I'm a huge fan of Yelp.  Looked this place up and discovered I drove past it for a while missing the opportunity to stop by.  All I can say is wow.  Seriously amazing food that would bury the competition in the Caribbean.  Check in with Mayor Eddie, who politely let me know I was eating my taco "like a white guy".  You have to get your hand around the back of it to savor the 17 different flavors.  He was right.  Great job...The staff was eager to help us in any way.  Very attentive and fun.
5	Great food and wonderful service. Staff was very helpful and attentive. The fish tacos were amazing. Eddie  rang us up and brought out our food.  He had a passion for the food and made sure everything was perfect.  This place is a must if you are scottsdale.
4	Great fresh fish tacos and sandwiches, which run about $11 per person (but well worth it). Salads, fried coconut shrimp, sides, etc. Their only other location is in Maui, kinda cool.
5	First time there and the fish is most excellent.  Fresh and not oily.  so freaking good
5	Being from the east coast, we are constantly searching for places to get "fresh" seafood. After eating here, we won't have to look any further! The fish was incredibly tasty, no fishy and light. We had the fish tacos and macadamia nut mahi mahi. Both were great! Plus the service was friendly and very helpful. Decent kids menu too which was a surprise! We will be back again.
2	I agree with rw from Scottsdale. The fish and chips were bad. My fish was way overdone and the fries were soggy. My friend's fish tacos looked much better. Not a big fan of fish tacos but wish I got those instead.
5	Try the Mahi Mahi burger with blackened seasoning!! I tried the fish tacos as well. They were delicious, but my fish burger was outstanding! The mahi was so juicy and tender!! The blackened seasoning was perfect. It was a generous portion of mahi mahi fillet, fully covering the bun. Inside is very casual, so I may have expected lower prices, but the quality was so good, that it made sense. $25 for 2 people with 1 burger, 1 order of tacos, and 1 drink (and 1 water). The staff all seemed very friendly, and attentive even though there is not a formal wait staff. I like the decor but the atmosphere is a little quiet.Sometimes, I guess you can believe the hype! I look forward to returning and trying the coconut shrimp next time. If you have kids who love fish, this would be a great place to bring them. They offer a kid's menu.
5	My all time time favorite lunch spot. Staff is great and very friendly. The fish tacos are seriously amazing. I hit up this spot at least 3 times a week on my lunch break. Must try!!!
5	This food was so fresh and tasty simply put amazing! The staff was friendly and the atmosphere was even better. If I had one minor complaint it was a bit over priced however after tasting the food it was well worth it.
5	My third trip to this location which mirrors the three times I've recently been in Scottsdale AZ; I can't say enough. Today I was near Outback Steakhouse and decided to have lunch there, what a mistake. I ordered Mahi and reflecting back on the experience I had the day before at Coconut's I couldn't eat my meal, so I elected to not even continue and paid for my drinks and left. WENT DIRECTLY TO COCONUT'S!Absolutely the right decision. Was greeted once again my Eddie who you would think was the owner or manager because of his personal approach. He even remembered my friend's and my name. This time in addition to the fabulous Fish Tacos, we had the Calimari, both were once again nothing short of fantastic. I think we're spoiled and will be back again tomorow! It's a bit pricy for lunch, but worth every dollar. Wish I could open one in Las Vegas and hire Eddie as the manager.Highly recommended by a really pickey patron.Joe and Sandy
5	I can see why this place has gotten so many good reviews. As soon as you walk in, the place feels bright, airy, and super friendly. The menu is not extensive just enough variety and everything looked good and healthy, including the kid's menu. Their signature dish is their coconut fish taco and for $10.99, it's big- one taco per plate piled high with coconut shreds, fish, mango, and cole slaw. One order is enough for 2 average eater. My son got the grilled chicken breast with fries (the other choice was brown rice) and it's a 6 oz. piece of chicken so plenty for a 8 year old. All orders come with a drink.  It's self serve but when we were there it was not busy so the server got us the utensils, ketchup, etc. so that was super nice. Hmmm, I think my son charmed her. Haha. We'll be back again- if only to sit at the cool surfboard tables!
5	Update, as I mentioned in my earlier review that I was going to have to give it another try. I did and I really enjoyed it. I have to say, these are the best fish taco's I have ever had. 2 taco's and I was full. I found a new favorite place.
5	Boy, the concept of this place is genius! Great food for people who want GOOD, fresh, casual food. This is NOT "fast food," - so don't expect a $5 dollar dinner. This place is winning awards and racking up all kinds of great reviews! It is well deserved, too!As much as I have always loved Arizona, those of us from the coast are hesitant to order fish when we are inland. Call it attitude, but that usually comes from experience. I thought I was going to have to go to Roy's everytime I craved my favorite Hawaiian white fish. Coconuts follows the Hawaiian local style of fresh and friendly. They do fish so well, and so many ways.....there is something for everyone. Mahi Mahi was the first fish that won me over when I tasted someone else's - blackened. Ono is now the fish I crave. So, If you have someone that isn't a fish eater, introduce them to the sweet goodness of Ono (Hawaiian word for "delicious"),  Opakapaka, and Mahi. Just ask the staff that work here, and they will help you understand the differences, your choices of preparation, etc.I'm a fish taco lover. I tried for a long time to eat them the healthy way -  with grilled fish......and found they were flavorless. They relied on the breading and frying to give the tacos flavor. It's because most restaurants use Cod, which doesn't have much flavor. Coconuts uses a grilled combo of Mahi and Ono, and WOW......what a great taco!! This redefines any idea of fish taco you've had. You get both the smokiness of the grill and the natural sweetness of the fish. Then they top it with the crunch of their coconut-milk based coleslaw and fresh mango salsa. This is not a taco you hold, so get a knife and fork ready. 2 tacos....$10.99, but you may not finish the 2nd one. Trust me - someone at your table will help you finish! No one in our party left anything on our plates! My husband ordered the fish-and-chips.....and I asked him "WHY?" He keeps ordering fish-and-chips and being disappointed. Even at some of the most reputed Irish restaurants in the area, the fish has been bland and greasy. Well......not here. Coconuts uses the Mahi for this dish, as it is both flavorful and steak-like in quality and holds up well. My husband was finally in fish-and-chips heaven with great fish, well seasoned breading, and not a bit greasy. Dinner for two with soda was $28.The ambiance of this place is a light, happy, surf vibe. There are chicken and pasta dishes on the menu for the "fish-dubious" - and they also serve wine and good Hawaiian  beer. The staff stopped by often just to make sure we liked our food, if we needed anything, or just to converse and be friendly. They are very proud of this place, having fun - and it shows. I just wish the patio was bigger, but this place is - as we say in Southern California ...."way bitchin" and on Maui.....Coconuts is "no ka oi."  Coconuts broke da mouf, fo sure.
4	I found this place to be very clean, well decorated and the food quality excellent; for a fast food place. Order at the counter and they deliver your food quickly, hot and fresh. Service was very friendly. This is where the good part of this review ends.One draft beer, one soda, a two taco meal and fried calamari meal. Also added a coconut shrimp appetizer at 25% off thanks to Yelp! The grand total... wait for it... $40.Four stars because service, cleanliness and food quality. Could have been Five Stars if it was price at value which for me would have been about $25. Probably won't be going back.
5	Can't say enough about this gem. The fish tacos were delicious and full of flavor! I can honestly say that the coconut shrimp is the best I've ever had! And the service and friendliness top notch! Highly recommend this place!
5	You bring me back to Maui!! Wait, I'm in landlocked Phoenix? How does this fish taste as fresh as it does in the desert of PHX? Simple menu with a clean surf motif dining room, Coconuts is a straight forward seafood paradise in the heart of the desert. Started with the Coconut Shrimp App, awesome shrimp with a delicious chili sauce! Make sure you check in and get the app at a discount! For Dinner I went for the fish and chips. The fish isn't like your typical beer batter fish, but a light crispy layer of panko (I believe) covering a mild moist fish. I believe that the fish is only frozen once based on the taste. I also snagged a taste of my GF's fish tacos, that mango salsa, cabbage and ono is unreal. That taco will make you feel like your on the beach in Lahaina watching dolphins play with mermaids. Yeah, they exist! Coconut's, Mahalo nui loa!!!
5	My friends had tried this place and always talked about how great and fresh the food tasted, so I had to try it out. IT IS AMAZING! You have to get the taco mountain. It is delicious. Also, the popcorn shrimp was tasty as well. If you are in the area you definitely need to try it out.
5	Just had the BEST seafood chowder I can remember!!!  It was my husbands order (he's the chowder hound) but it was so delicious I couldn't stay out of it.  I whole heartedly recommend this dish!
2	Had a couple of their famous fish tacos. Very pricey for the food you get. The tacos were mostly cabbage. They even used the core of the cabbage which was bitter. On the good side their fish was very tasty just not enough. For the price Tortilla Fish has them beat no contest.
2	Went to Coconuts Fish Cafe last night for dinner.  Cute atmosphere.    The food was fair.  Two tacos for 11.00 is a bit much.   Nothing else to go with the tacos either.   The cabbage should have been sliced thinner.  It was in chunks.   The fish and chips dinner was mostly french fries.   The fish was cooked too much.  Almost to the dark brown side instead of golden.  Don't think I will be heading back there again.  I rate it a 6 out of 10.
5	This place is clean simple and has Awesome fish tacos !!!! Staff was friendly with good customer service a rare thing nowadays . I will definitely be back . You cannot find something like this quality unless you go gourmet .
5	Go! Eat here! Do it! If you are reading this review and currently considering stopping into this fine establishment, start driving. We had an outstanding experience. Let me first complement the staff, they are so friendly and helpful, one guy even came over to chat for a few min and told us a little about the place. His enthusiasm for his job and the restaurant was refreshing. Now let's talk tacos...delicious, wonderful, fresh, flavorful, perfection! We had the mahi and the steak. Both were fantastic. I was so delighted with how fresh the fish tasted. In a land locked state, you know fish can be a risk. Not here. Just awesome. They pack so much flavor into each taco, it will make your taste buds sing. It's very casual, the atmosphere is bright and clean, I only wish they were open a little later. Thanks for the great experience, I will definitely be back!
5	Perhaps it's a Friday. Perhaps it's Lent. Perhaps the food is just that good. But the place is packed. Don't be fool by the simple menu of tacos or local style (a plate lunch though would not be this fancy).  The fish is chocked full of flavor and grilled to perfection. Good size portions. And a kickin hot sauce I've yet to find elsewhere. What's a seafood establishment doing in the desert? Whenever, we're in Arizona, we'll have one or more meals here.  Yes, it's that good.
5	This is is awesome for Phoenix/Scottsdale.  Really good casual seafood (price not bad) and inviting atmosphere.  I look forward to coming back on my next visit.
5	We tried the coconut shrimp appetizer which was excellent with large shrimp and the coconut was obvious. The sweet sauce was wonderful. I had fried shrimp and fries which were good served with a smokey, spicy cocktail sauce.  Tacos looked great but we didn't try them. Great beer selection. Covered patio was perfect because the weather is beautiful but is equipped with heat, fans and ac. Great service!
5	Amazing! Like being back in Maui. Fresh fish and shrimp, lightly breaded so it doesn't overwhelm. Staff very friendly and helpful. Great beer selection. Patio is comfy and setup with heat and air for when the weather changes. Only a parking lot view but hey, the food rocks!
5	Took the wife here for lunch and it was amazing.  It was very busy when we went but the food came out fast.  The fish burger (Mahi mahi) was amazing!  The wife ordered the calamari and chips which was still good but she regretted not ordering what I had.  We will definitely be back!
5	Love love love coconuts ! Fell in love in Maui and now I was able to fall in love all over again in Arizona !  My favorite item I crave the most on the menu is the  Cajun Ono Sandwich served with their specialty coleslaw on top and you have to have a basket of fresh warm fries to complete the order ! Fish tacos are also amazing (my moms favorite) and the coconut shrimp is sooooo good ! I love the atmosphere. Awesome vibes all around. Service is on point.Have family visiting this is a place they will love to visit Have kids .... Going on a first date ... Or a ladies night out fits all the categories and needs ! If you haven't tried Coconuts yet get your butt in there :) Go enjoy life with great food and great people! Cheers
5	This review is 3 words: awesome, awesome, awesome.  Awesome food.  Awesome service.  Awesome value.  No negatives from our family.  Fish is amazing.  Our son will not eat fish, just hot dogs (he's 8 going on 4).  But their hot dogs are amazing too.  Nothing on their menu is short of excellent and I've had almost everything on it.
5	First time there. Really enjoyed the coconut shrimp and the fish tacos. Will definitely be back. Service was great, especially since its a fast casual style establishment.
5	Just discovered this little gem tucked in to a strip center at Scottsdale Road and Frank Lloyd Wright in Scottsdale! Talk about fresh fish and inexpensive meal in trendy North Scottsdale! The fish tacos are world class with a mix of fresh ono and mahi mahi served in big chunks mixed with a cole slaw of mangos, tomatoes and 15 other ingredients with a fantastic "secret sauce" all sitting on a freshly warmed fresh taco-Yummmm! Yes, the companion restaurant is in Maui, HI so you don't feel too far from the beach with the wood tables carved like surfboards and Reggae music playing.Try it-you'll like it!
5	Amazing! The atmosphere takes me right back to Maui! Cute surfboard tables and very clean. The staff was very nice, accommodating, and informative. We had their famous fish tacos and it is clear why they have won awards for the tacos. While they are a bit messy being piled high with 17 ingredients it is an experience eating them. They encourage you to eat with your hands although you can't possibly imagine how to get all of that in your hands and into your mouth without spilling out.... But it's possible and well worth it! We had the opportunity to meet Chef Mike, a really nice and informative guy. Chef Mike also recommended the coconut shrimp, they had the sweet taste of coconut with this beautiful crunchiness to them, it's the sauce that makes them and that compliments them so perfectly...its a sweet chilie Thai sauce that is a perfect mix of sweet and spicy.
4	Some of the best seafood in town. Good customer service and quick in and out. Told all my friends and will continue to go there. I would recommend the fish and chips or the shrimp.
3	The place has a very unique set up.  All tables are shaped like a surf board.  the place is bright, nice and clean.  Staffs are super friendly and courteous. For the meal, I ordered the fish sandwich, my wife had the coconut shrimp, and kids had the fish tacos.  I have to say, the shrimp is good and the sauce is tasty.  Fries is great too.  However the fish is a bit dry.  Perhaps I ordered ono instead of mahimahi, but still a bit dry.  My friend had chip and fish and he had the same common.  If I need something, I would come in to eat.  Would I come out of my way for this? no.
4	The fish is very fresh here.  I started with the seafood chowder which was good, and then fish tacos. When they first brought it out my first reaction was that it was not going to be enough to fill me up but I was wrong!  There was a lot of fish  and I was starting to get full after the first taco(2 comes in order)  . I liked that there were pineapple and avacado in it.  My mom got the fish and chips and it was very fresh. The inside is nice and is hawaiian themed with a big screen tv of people surfing and surf board tables. Would recommend!
5	Great fish tacos. Pleasant decor/atmosphere. Friendly staff. Give this place a try; you won't be disappointed.
5	Awesome food- just discovered it today, loved lunch so much-- I ended up there for dinner. Please open one of these in Columbus Ohio!
4	Fish tacos were a bit dry and they needed a little bit more seasoning but the seafood chowder, breaded shrimp and French fries were fantastic. Staff was super friendly and helpful. We'll be back to try some other entrees for sure. Definitely be back for the chowder.
5	Had the fish burger with ginger sauce. Delicious!! Get ready for a messy experience! The burger is huge.
5	By far some of the best fish tacos I've ever had. I'm not much for standing in line and ordering but the tacos are worth it. I actually went back up and got seconds. Pretty decent beer selection for as few as they have. The restaurant has a really cool surf theme going on inside and they have outdoor seating as well.
5	Coming from Southern California to Scottsdale for the first time ,trying to find a healthy restaurant to eat guided us to this place and I have to say we nailed it. The staff they were very friendly and the food was even better. I ordered the seafood salad with mahi mahi and a Caesar dressing on the side and I have to say that the freshness of the salad made me not even use any dressing absolutely delicious and healthy and fresh. My husband ordered the taco salad with chicken and dressing on the side,he was very satisfied with food as well.
3	Good for a fast food lunch. The fish tacos and fish and chips are good, the kid meal spaghetti was drowning in grease. Decent beers but mediocre white wines. Very friendly service. Need I add it's located in a strip mall?
4	Had the fish tacos and sea food chowder. Seemed a little expensive, but after seeing and tasting OMG more than enough food for two and so yummy.  Definitely a unique experience and a great place to take your honey.  I like the paintings on the wall showing the different types of fish they serve. We will go back for sure.
5	I've been here twice now and the fish tacos are to die for, but just tried their calamari this last time and it was beyond amazing as well. I definitely recommend this place if you're interested in a fresh, delicious lunch with a slightly different taste than all those Mexican or wannabe restaurants.Only downside: they're open at 11, and I'd like to see stop by earlier to grab am early lunch! ;)
4	What can I say?Looking for fresh fish and cool people, coconuts had it down pat. Hook line and sinker!The handmade custom furniture is worth the visit alone. Surfs up!This is bringing Hawaii to the Sun valley.Always a good treat, I recommend the taco mountain and fish tacos. Don't forget the coconut shrimp.
4	Started with the coconut shrimp with a Thai chili pineapple sauce, excellent.  Next up both the wife and I had the standard fish tacos.  The fish was well cooked and flaky, not dry at all.  The real star though was the mango chutney and the combo of other sauces which were piled on top.  A very solid addition to the north Scottsdale food selection.
5	Tried this place for the first time over the weekend, it was a suggestion from the girlfriend and turned out great!  Great friendly customer service, you can tell the people there really do care about their jobs and take it seriously, rare these days in restaurants.Tacos were HUGE, we could have split an order between us so don't be scared of the $10 price tag for a couple fish tacos.  Will be back for sure when in the area.
5	Used the Yelp coupon for 25% off Coconut Shrimp which was excellent. Fish tacos are the best I've ever had anywhere. Topped off with happy hour $3.50 Skrimshaw draft beer. Perfect!
5	Delicious. I have been looking for a good fish taco place for years. As a Seattle native, I am picky, and getting fish at restaurants in a land locked state always gives me the heebies unless I go to a 5 star restaurant. This little joint opened up right down the road from my house and lemme tell you, so worth it. First off, the gentleman working behind the counter was awesome. Seriously, this guy loves his job and it is so apparent. He asked if it was my first time then went through all the ingredients in their tacos, what makes them special, and recommendations. Didn't even sound canned, just authentic. I ended up getting the fish tacos (two tacos, so massive) and the seafood chowder. Both unbelievably delicious. Coconuts gets this pacific northwesterner's stamp of approval. I am a customer for life, thanks guys for such a great experience.
4	Casual. Order up front and sit. I had the Mahdi Mahdi fish and chips. They were very good. I like the fact it was very lightly coated. Not the heavy batter you sometimes get. Thin good fries. My partners at dinner all got the fish tacos. It comes with Ono. Two tacos, kinda huge. 2 people ate with forks. Coleslaw on top with mango salsa, too much stuff for me. They said good, not great. I will be back whenever I need my fish and chip fix.
4	Decided to stop into Coconut's Fish Cafe while doing some car shopping on that side of town. Soooo, glad we did. The restaurant is very cute and super clean and the staff was very helpful and friendly. You can tell they really enjoy their job. When we placed our order we were a bit shocked at the price (about $25 for two, two taco plates, glass of water and a bottle of water) but when they came out they were HUGE! Each taco was served on two corn tortillas and what we should have done was split an order with my boyfriend. The tacos were awesome! We will certainly be back again!
