3	Food-wise, I'd give the place another star, but the waitress ruined it for me. La Stalla is located across from the historic San Marcos hotel. It is a very intimate place, bordering sappy-romantic, Italian restaurant.I dined here for a business talk with  possible clients (two awesome children's book authors, by the way). They love this place and I don't blame them.  The food is excellent! I had the gnocchi with tomato sauce, topped with slices of fresh mozarella. It wasn't the most divine gnocchi I've ever tasted, but it was certainly delectable. I wished the gnocchis were a little less play-do like (not that I've ever tasted play-do) and a bit more pillowy. Can't complain about the sauce.One of my dining partners had chicken soup, which seemed the perfect food for that rainy evening. The other had the chicken marsala, which was devoured heartily. The heavily sauced plate was wiped clean with fresh-baked bread and olive oil. Yes, it's that good!Oh, and the pinot noir from the Russian River area was superb. it was delicate and the aroma was not overwhelming...just the way I prefer.Here's the problem : KIM. She was our waitress and I think she really should take a lesson about "when to butt in without being rude." Don't get me wrong, she was attentive...in fact too attentive, bordering rude. Remember that this was a business dinner meeting so we had a lot of topics to cover, and KIM managed to butt in at anttime stopping the momentum of what I and my possible clients were discussing. It was flat out annoying. I would be in a middle of a sentence, and she would blurt out, "care for some more bread, are you doing alright?" Don't you think that she should've waited for the window of pause and ask that question when that arose?!!!Well, I didn't finish my pasta dish because KIM kept asking evey 10 minutes if I was done with my meal. Annoying!Anyway, I highly recommend the place because of their food. But by golly, run out the door if the waitress introduces her self as KIM.
5	I was pleasantly surprised to find such a classy old-world Italian eatery so close to home. La Stalla is in the heart of historic Downtown Chandler, kitty-corner to the San Marcos hotel. Here's my recommendation for the perfect dinner, ala a night in Venice, without leaving the Valley:Start with the Bocconcini al Prosciutto, prosciutto-wrapped mozzarella topped with mushrooms and breadcrums. Contadino focaccia, with grilled eggplant, roasted peppers, with mozzarella, mesculine and tomatoes, drizzled with a balsamic olive oil dressing.Penne alla Vodka, al dente penne pasta in a delicate vodka-cream sauce. Finish off with fresh fruit zabaione or (maybe and?) chocolatte souffle. You'll have to allow an extra 10-15 minutes for the souffle, but it comes straight out of the oven.Delizioso!
4	I've driven past La Stalla Cucina Rustica several times on my way to 98 South or El Zocalo but for some reason I'd never eaten there.  It might be the long, multi-syllabic name...places with names like that can be a little intimidating sometimes.  Still, I was in the mood for a different spot and Italian cuisine sounded good so I thought we'd give it a try.  I had the Penne alla Vodka.  Let's just say, my plate was clean at the end.  My experience with the service was really good. The only hiccup during our visit is that the glass of wine the person I was with ordered had little bits of cork in it.  I mentioned it to our server and they quickly apologized and replaced it.  No harm done!  We finished off having the tiramisu for dessert.   It had a really good flavor and the portion size was perfect for sharing.
4	Tiramisu so thick and creamy you'll think you've died and gone to heaven. That's usually the sign of a good Italian restaurant and I'm glad this place is in downtown Chandler.This place is still a little sleepy on week nights, but is really busy on Friday and Saturday nights.
4	My parent's live in Chandler and La Stalla is one of the reasons we visit them as often as we do...don't get me wrong, I love my parents - but if I'm going to drive from N. Phoenix, there better be some good food involved!We started going to La Stalla a couple of years ago because everything else was so crowded...we were a little concerned that there might be a reason La Stalla wasn't crowded - but then again we were starving and so we chanced it. Thank goodness we did! It is one of the better Italian places in the valley...now the problem is if it gets too popular we won't be able to get in!While I have ordered off the menu, I generally get the special...I have had exceptional Salmon - crispy on the outside, slightly pink, moist  and tender on the inside...Also, one night the special was wild boar, so you know I had to try it - it was fantastic. Also, the pizzas are really good if you like more down to earth eating. All in all, a great place - we need more like it in the Valley.
2	Well I hate to be the bearer of bad news ,but I had an awful experience here and it makes me hesitant to EVER go back despite the good reviews for dinner and dessert.I went for lunch with my husband. I wanted to see the menu first but he wanted to just go for it.It's very cute inside, I Loved the Mediterranean/Romantic feel with lighted orange trees and faux rock walls, wood beams and rustic chairs.I HATE paper table cloths, as they are prone to giving paper cuts and always make me think of Macaroni Grille.I was not feelin' the menu but decided to try one of their Focaccia Panini's with grilled chicken, tomato, avocado and spinach. My husband ordered pasta with Tuscan meat sauce.First we were served flat diet coke and some day old bread.......sigh.....Good rustic bread is sometimes chewy and maybe even tough, but never just crumbles the way this bread did...maybe it was more than day old?My sandwich arrived and looked OK (notice no picture) After one bite I knew it wasn't good, but I took a few more just to make sure. The spinach looked to be from a can or frozen, it was really mushy and the green color was looking really more of a brownish.My husband's pasta was piping  hot and he said it was OK also but had a weird taste to the meat..??SO I didn't eat anymore of mine and when the waitress/manager/hostess came over I told her why (spinach and just overall not good) She insisted it was Fresh..............Honey Please! Maybe last week when they sauteed it but now it was a soggy mess.I Love spinach and I assure you there is NO WAY that spinach was fresh at any time during the last week!My Husband says I need to YELP on my own time!2 stars for the decor
2	The first time I went here, the food was pretty good and I really had no complaints.  The second time - What the heck happened???  The name of the game that night was how much salt can you ingest in one meal before a stroke occurred?  Everything was a salt bomb.  Especially the seafood pasta where beside the gross, old mussels the only spice I could taste was salt.  The sad part is - I love salt!  I won't go back or recommend it to anyone who has hypertension.
4	"Old World Italy in Chandler, AZ" sounds like the set up for a joke.  You wouldn't expect to find one of the best Italian restaurants in metro Phoenix located in downtown Chandler, but that's the case with La Stalla Cucina Rustica. The decor clearly conveys the Old World focus of the restaurant.  From the wood tables and chairs to the faux finished walls and the hand painted murals, this place is evocative of rural Italy.  If you've traveled throughout Italy, the atmosphere at La Stalla won't magically transport you back, but you will appreciate the elements that have been gathered together to bring a bit of the old school Italian vibe to downtown Chandler.  After all, that's no small feat. The food is traditional and consistently good.  Don't come here for cutting-edge Italian, but for the classics.For appetizers, the Calamari Fritti ($12) features crispy calamari and a spicy marinara sauce.  I do not order calamari because it's usually not fresh in Arizona, but it's a favorite of my dear friend who lives in Chandler and the La Stalla version is pretty good.  The Pasta e Fagioli soup ($6) is true to the classic and features tender cannellini beans and pasta.  They sometimes feature an appetizer special of stuffed mushrooms that are baked in their brick oven and they are fantastic.For pasta dishes, the Tortelloni Panna Proscuitto e Piselli ($18) includes tortelloni pasta with ham and peas in a cheese cream sauce.  It's unbelievably rich.  We're talking heart attack on a plate rich, but it's darn tasty.  Spaghetti alla Carbonara ($18) is another true-to-form old school dish.  It features spaghetti with smoked pancetta in a parmesan egg cream sauce.  The BF enjoys the Risotto Agli Scampi ($19) that combines baby shrimp and arborio rice.In the entree category, Involtini di Vitello ($23) is the favorite of my Chandler friend.  It features mozzarella and prosciutto wrapped in veal and pan seared in a sherry sauce.  Personally, I avoid this dish due to the veal.  I'm starting to come around to veal and will try it as soon as I find a restaurant that offers true free range veal.  Be sure to ask about the specials because they are often excellent and even the vegetables served alongside many of the entrees are perfectly seasoned. Here's an admonition to La Stalla and other spendy Italian restaurants in Phoenix:  Grated parmesan cheese (even Parmigiano Reggiano) is not a controlled substance.  It's cheese, not crack.  Please do not make a huge deal out of spooning out the tiniest amount for me on top of my soup or pasta.  When I ask for grated cheese, just leave me a small bowl at the table to use at my discretion.  You can trust me to not bring a Ziploc bag to steal what I don't use during my dinner.  If the cost of the cheese is an issue, then tack a dollar or two onto each dish and be done with it because the food cost of the cheese should already be factored into your prices.  The cost of the grated cheese at La Stalla should not be an issue because the price point of the menu has risen noticeably in the past year.For desserts, the standout is the Fruta di bosco con Zabaione ($9).  It's a mix of seasonal berries topped with Grand Marnier Zabaione sauce.  I always marvel at the perfect, beautiful berries that La Stalla manages to source at all times.  The Zabaione sauce is generously flavored with Grand Marnier and sugar and it's whipped up to a delightfully fluffy texture.  It's flat out fantastic!  The Chocolate "Souffle" ($10) is more of a molten chocolate cake than a true chocolate souffle that you would find at Christopher's.  However, it's the favorite of my Chandler friend, so it often gets ordered.If you're lucky, you will be offered a shot of the housemade Limoncello to finish off your meal.  It's popular and they often run out, but it is the perfect end to a meal at La Stalla.La Stalla is a bit spendy.  Dinner for two can easily near $100 with appetizers, soups/salads, pasta dishes or entrees, desserts, drinks, tax and tip. The quality is definitely worth the expense, but this is not your inexpensive neighborhood Italian joint.As my Italian Grandmothers would say, "Mange! Mange!"
4	Very, VERY good Italian! The decor is romantic, I would say it's a good date spot. My husband and I took my mom and sister there moments after we told her I was pregnant so again... so alcohol sampling for me, I promise to go back and update this at a later time. We had the calamari appetizer which was actually very good seeing as how AZ so rarely gets anything fresh. We all ordered and we all enjoyed so much that we had to share. The husband and I shared the Tirimisu for dessert while my sister ordered the Chocolate Souffle. Our Tirimisu was divine and the Souffle was just OK. Definitely recommend this place! It's even rather quiet and surprisingly not as busy as I would imagine with the quality of food.
5	Excellent Italian food; some of the very best pizza anywhere. Attentive service and reasonable prices. Do yourself a favor, gents--don't show up here in your shorts and polo shirts. Put on something nice and take your date out to a terrific lunch or dinner at this cozy restaurant.
1	This place has a really nice atmosphere, several good Italian beers on tap and a wonderful wine selection.   The problem is I have eaten here four times in two years. The two times I had seafood with the pasta I got sick. Like almost food poisoning sick. Normally I would not have gone back after the first time but my wife loves the atmosphere here. So after 6 months or so I would give in and give La Stalla another try. The seafood appetizer did not sit well with her this last time so we won't be going back again for another try in 6 months. This place is busy when the resort is full and not so busy other times so maybe we were just unlucky and got some old seafood.  The problem I had with the non-seafood dishes I tried is that they were just OK and you can get just OK Italian food in Chandler at several other places for 1/2 what this place charges.We had excellent service 3 times and rude service once.
4	We had a good experience for dinner here...no 5-star due to very average bread and side dish veggies that managed to be both overcooked and chewy (how do they do that???). We had a delicious rack of lamb and very fresh tasting grilled salmon...both cooked to perfection. The atmosphere was nice and our server was very friendly. Nothing earth shattering, just a nice meal.
4	My aunt and I love this place!  The decor is great and the service did not let us down!  Both of our meals were wonderful and we left craving more.  We will definitely return here once I find time to visit AZ!Random side note: during our dinner here, we sat in the back of the restaurant and I was bit about 20 or so times on my ankle by a spider or some type of bug.  The bites stuck around for months!  I called and asked if this happened to anyone else and the hostess said 'no'.  Just be careful if you're wearing open toed shoes!
4	Thank goodness this place was open past nine on a Thursday night.  I'll give four stars for that alone, but in all seriousness, our dining experience was very pleasant.  The waiter was excellent, knowing exactly what to say and do at all times, and the food was very good.  Sometimes I'm disappointed in pasta dishes at Italian restaurants; often they seem to taste better the next day after the flavors have had time to meld, but the Penne alla Norma was very tasty.  The wine was good, although I could not finish the large amount poured, but at least I felt I wasn't being ripped off.  Nice atmosphere.  I look forward to trying this place out again, possibly for take-out lunch when the prices are a little lower.
4	I took my girlfriend to La Stalla for her birthday dinner last night, and we had an excellent experience. The tasty complimentary bread was properly warm, good and crusty on the outside but soft inside. Olive oil's on the table, and you pour it yourself. I confess I prefer to have the server pour the oil, but maybe I am spoiled. I ordered a 2006 Sangiovese (#411 on the wine list) that our server bought out promptly. It was inexpensive at $40, but very decent for the price. The bruschetta was very good, with the right amount of oil. I despise bruschetta that is so crunchy that the tomatoes go flying about the room when you take a bite. La Stalla's was excellent. My girlfriend had the Gorgonzola and sweet potato ravioli in cream sauce. I sampled a bit, and it was delicious (and I don't even like sweet potatoes!). She enjoyed it a great deal. I had the tortelloni aurora, with cheese, veal and prosciutto in a pink sauce. It wasn't *quite* as fabulous as my girlfriend's entree, but was very, very good nonetheless. We finished by sharing a creme brulee, which was also very good, though not particularly distinguished from any good creme brulee. The atmosphere was excellent, with the room full of adults and no screaming kids underfoot. The music was at volume appropriate to conversation, and the goldfish in the little pond behind our table were very polite.  Most people were dressed casually but not sloppily.The service was EXCELLENT. Our waitress was clearly intelligent and perceptive, and attentive without being obtrusive. For example, when she noticed the girlfriend and I having a fun conversation, she politely asked if we wanted out entrees to come out quickly, or if we wanted to linger over our appetizer and wine a bit. She was quick with recommendations, had a ready smile, and served everything very efficiently. In all, it was about $120 with (a fairly generous, based on the excellent service) tip. I think the experience was worth every penny.
4	Yum!  Try it!Adorable, small restaurant, so make a reservation.  The service was top notch.  Full bar, including a fairly extensive wine list.  I had the Insalata Pera e Gorgonzola (mixed greens with pears, walnuts, gorgonzola, and blue cheese dressing) and the Stuffed Asiago Gnocchi (potato dumplings stuffed with potatoes and asiago cheese.)  Both the salad and entree were delicious!  The gnocchi was particularly interesting as I hadn't had cheese in gnocchi before.  If you haven't had gnocchi before, be forewarned that it is a very rich and filling dish.  I took at least half of it home with me.  It heated up well for lunch the next day.  My friends ordered the Calamari Fritti appetizer and I have to say that it didn't look too special.  Everything else looked great though, and there were certainly no complaints at our table.  There is a small selection of desserts on the menu, but we were all so full that we couldn't partake.  I definitely need to come back to try other menu items including the Prosciutto e Melon.  Can't wait!
5	What a great Happy Hour at La Stalla!  My wife and I go quite a bit for an early dinner and can walk out for less than $20. Happy Hour is every evening from 4 - 6 an we usually get a beer or two a piece (at only $2) and great authentic Italian pizza (at only $5 a pie).  When we've ate a full dinner - it's always been great as well. The desserts are fantastic ... Check out La Stalla!
4	Great Happy Hour! Good beer selection, half price gourmet pizza and a comfortable atmosphere! Happy hour is 4 to 6 except on Tuesdays when they are closed. Great homemade lemonchello! Service is OK, this is why they didn't get 5 stars. People are friendly, but not very speedy. They have my favorite local beer on tap! Half price Pie and good beer - you cant really go wrong! Check out La Stalla~
5	My husband and I have decided that this place is our home away from home. We arrive during Happy Hour, enjoy the libations, and the company of others sitting at the bar. We usually end up eating our dinner in the bar area since we enjoy visiting with the "regulars". The manager, Cammie is wonderful as well as the owner Paolo.  We have NEVER had a bad meal here and as far as we are concerned, it's the BEST Italian food in town. (we are both Italian Americans and we know good Italian food!)
5	We were fortunate to dine at La Stalla last night while visiting my mom in Chandler, AZ.   The lasagna is to die for, as is the Tiramisu.  I ordered the sweet potato ravioli in gorgonzola sauce, and it was delicioso.  The bread was yummy too!  Ingredients were fresh and top notch - no canned veggies here.Chef Ivan Ruiz is extremely dedicated to his craft, and puts together a wonderfully diverse menu.  Owner, Paul, is friendly and welcoming and creates a great atmosphere for his customers.  Service was great.We'll be leaving AZ soon, and can't wait to return for another 5 star meal at La Stalla.  Try it . . . you'll like it:)
3	I love downtown Chandler and really wanted to love La Stalla, but my experience fell a little short in several ways. First, the decor is very cute, classy, and welcoming (although I don't like paper table cloths either). Our group of 4 came at 7pm on a Saturday night, and it was pretty slow. Disappointing, but it is Chandler..... Now I don't usually do pasta since I watch my figure, but I was looking forward to trying a new dish. The bread that comes out was good, but seemed bland with just the olive oil. We got one small basket for the 4 of us, and had to ask for more with our meals. I hate asking for more bread (does that make us seem like pigs?), and wish it would have been offered.....but I get it, it's free and the free shouldn't be abused. So my husband and I started with the caprese salad, which was just okay. We asked for a side of balsamic to flavor things up a bit, but it never arrived. I went with the Gnocchi, which was absolutely delicious and absolutely a very fattening dish. The gnocchi was stuffed with cheese, followed by a creamy tomato sauce and chunks of mozzarella. The men of the group had the lasagna, and raved. The pizza looked pretty tasty too. Overall, we just weren't all that impressed, especially for the price and the sophisticated vibe that came up short.
2	It was our first time there with my fiance and the service was horrid. We heard nothing more than "do you know what you want" to take our order and "are you all finished" after. No hello, have you been here before, welcome anything like that. The food was great, but service ruined the night. Won't be back, ever. Too Many good Italian places with good service.
5	A great date place. Atmosphere is nice and relaxed. The waiter we had was very helpful and knowledgeable. I had the lasagna which was very good but exactly what you would expect for lasagna. My girlffriend got the sweet potato ravoli which was amazing. We also got the tiramisu which was great. The only complaint I would have is that the bread wasn't very good. It just wasn't crispy or flavorful. Overall, La Stalla is excellent.
2	The place was pretty busy when my husband and I visited one night. The decor was ok but very kitschy.My husband and I split the pear salad although the pears were the ones out of a can. The special that night was beef cheeks which if you are familiar and like them, they can be amazing. But I could barely find them on the plate because they were drowned in a heavy overpowering sauce.My husband had the lasagna which was decent and I honestly had more of that then my entree.For what we had, it was totally overpriced. I could imagine Olive Garden would be just as good.
5	Love it! Love it! Love it! This is the perfect date night. Everything on the menu is homemade and super good. Ive been comming to this place for years and have never been disappointed. When you go make sure you get lemon chello shot at the end of your meal., the owner makes it himself.  Every dessert is super good and worth saving room for.  There have been times I have had slow service, but Im on a date so I dont mind too much.  Please try it out one time, and support real homemade food and not a chain.
5	If you love authentic Italian food in a festive, holiday atmosphere, La Stalla is the restaurant to try. They have an extensive wine list and they give  you enough  wine  to enjoy the evening. We were a party of 8 on a Friday night and the service was superb. The wait staff were helpful, friendly and efficient. My minestrone soup was warm and delicious.  The grilled salmon was prepared well and served with steamed veggies that included cabbage.  I love steamed cabbage but since  most restaurants tend to overcook cabbage, La Stalla stole my heart. My group also ordered the lasagna and sweet potato ravioli. These dishes were made with fresh ingredients and well presented.  The desserts were delicious but my all time favorite dessert was the tiramisu. La Stalla Cucina is a great place to take your guest during the upcoming holiday.
5	OMG!! This place is amazing! The boy and I came here for dinner on a whim one Monday night and the place was poppin! We grabbed a seat at a little table near the bar (the game was on). We started off with a bottle of riesling and a pepperoni pizza. The pizza was perfectly cooked and not too greasy and a crunchy crust. They have homemade lemon chello also amazing. I had the gnocchi for my entree. One of the best dishes I've ever had! It was perfect! Flavorful marinara and a sprig of basil. The boy had lasagna and I was a little concerned he was going to leave me for that dish! The entire experience was amazing. My new favorite restaurant!
3	My husband and I decided to try out this place because I was looking to try a new local Italian spot and this place had pretty good reviews on Yelp. I ordered the Shrimp Scampi with zucchini and my husband and I both tried it and loved it! Not only that, the shrimp was king-size and the waitress recommended an excellent white wine that complimented my dish real well. Forgot the name of it though! However, my husband ordered the Tortelloni Aurora and we both agreed it was awful. They have a fresh dessert menu, but we didn't try any of the dessert options because we were full from the bread and food. The highlight of our time there was definitely the great ambiance and interior decor! They have limited menu selections and one of our dishes wasn't so appetizing, so we give this place a 3 out of 5.
5	Our favorite Italian Restaurant period!
4	This is a hidden gem. I love the atmosphere and feel. The food and prices are excellent. I would have given it 5 stars but the service wasn't at that level.
3	So yes...it was "A-OK."  It wasn't great...I don't think it came even close to the hype.  It wasn't bad...it just wasn't great.The table shared a couple of Caprese Salad's...there was one single leaf of basil in the center of the plate.  The tomato's were dark pink (if we can get bright red tomato's in Minneapolis in the winter, why can't they get ripe tomato's in Chandler?).  Again...it was ok, but I expected more.I had a "primevera" salad that was comprised of mixed greens, apples, orange, and grapefruit with a creamy raspberry dressing, but it was saturated in blue cheese crumbles that completely overtook the salad.  My entree was a broiled halibut and came with a generous portion of mixed vegetables that were overcooked.  The halibut was simple and tasty, but it was also tiny - probably the smallest portion of halibut I've ever been served.I had a nice glass of Pinot Noir; the only one they served by the glass on the menu.So, all in all...it was ok.  I wouldn't even think of driving out of my way to go there again though.
4	We dined here last night and were very impressed with the place. We made a reservation and I'm glad we did because it was pretty busy when we arrived; however, we spied a bar where people seemed to be waiting. The decor is nice and the place is homey and comfortable without being cramped. I don't think there really is a bad table in the house. Service was excellent, friendly and very knowledgable about the menu and wine list. The wine list was impressive with some very unique offerings. We ordered a lovely bottle of white and I love that our waiter brought the ice bucket without having to be asked. Little touches like that make this a lovely place. (I also love any Italian restaurant that doesn't have the words "meatball", "spaghetti" and "marinara" on it; all these words are wonderfully absent)I had the pappardelle mari e monti which was a spinach pasta served with scallops and a porcini tomato sauce. It was excellent. The pasta was cooked very well and still had a bite. The scallops were well done and the sauce, with burst cherry tomatoes and porcini mushrooms complimented the scallops beautifully. My husband had the squid ink pasta which is a fairly new item on their menu, we learned. The seafood was all cooked very well and the pasta was again properly cooked with a nice bite. The flavors were good but my husband was hoping for more of a distinctive flavor from the squid ink. We will definitely be coming back to enjoy their brick oven pizzas which looked excellent and their chocolate souffle.
4	I visited this place years ago with a friend. This time my husband and I came for a Friday afternoon lunch. We were pleasantly surprised with the overall visit. The lunch menu is really reasonable on weekdays and the food was outstanding. The bruschetta was so fresh and delicious. The margherita pizza is reminiscent of authentic pizza from Italy.
4	A pretty large group of us decided to try out this spot for an early dinner.  First visit and we really enjoyed the experience.  Although they offer the typical Italian fare they also do some unique twists and menu items.  Everyone at the table ordered something different and it was all delicious.Nice atmosphere and a welcoming staff.  It literally feels like you are hanging at a friends home.  Our server was having a bit of an "off" night.  She forgot a few drinks but it was a big group and early in the night so not a big deal.  We would definitely try it again.  A little spendy but a nice change from the typical Olive Garden experience.
5	This is one of my wife's favorite Italian restaurant and that is saying a lot considering we both have been to Italy.  They make a mean burrata that's not on the menu but most of the time you can order it as an appetizer. An entree that you can't miss is the tortellini aurora or as my wife calls them little pillows from heaven in an equally heavenly pink sauce. This isn't the OG so don't expect a never ending pasta or bread sticks. Expect authentic homemade food and a superb wine list in a comfortable atmosphere. Paulo the Chef/Owner is always there and knows the devil is in the details.
5	Ok...so I am one sided about this place! My husband and I consider ourselves "regulars". If you are looking for spaghetti and meatballs, this is not that type of Italian food! This restaurant is truely authentic Italian food....the "soul food" of Italy. I just love the boar, yes I said boar meat sauce over Pappardelle! Don't knock it 'til ya tried it!!
4	I found this place via Yelp because we needed a place to meet some friends in downtown Chandler.  This was the winner.  Though a bit pricey for the average person, the food definitely made up and was delicious!I ordered the lasagna.  it came out piping hot in a dish and was incredible. Probably the best Ive had outside of home made.  A buddy of mine ordered the pizza and it too was great.  i wasn't a fan of their bread so much that they give out before hand.  But it's always nice to have something before the main course.I will definitely go here again!
4	Sweet potato ravioli !!!!! absolutely wonderful.Also tried the spaghetti carbonara and they did not mind adding eggplant to it for me, and it was just delicious as well. Cute little place with an overall good food selection. They have an extensive wine list as well. only thing that bugged the shit out of me was they had that white construction paper covering the cloth table cover and it was just annoying. i mean really? you really cant afford to change the table cloths and wash them so you don't have to use that annoying tacky paper???yucky!okay I'm done bitchin'overall nice spot glad i finally checked it out.
4	Awesome lunch specials. Everything I've had here has been great. I would give this 5 stars but most of the time it seems like the staff is slow and doesn't care a whole about giving good service. Maybe it's that we normally come in as a group of 6 or 8 people but that's still not an excuse to leave drinks sitting empty when we're the only ones in there. My favorite is getting the lunch special pizza and having prosciutto added to it. Very filling and only $6.50. That's pretty hard to beat. Especially in downtown Chandler.
5	We went to La Stalla on a Saturday night. It's a warm, cozy restaurant that appears to attract an older crowd. Reservations were not needed.First, the bread you get to start seems commercially made. It's really unremarkable and not worth eating on it's own (or with the balsamic they give you). Instead, hold onto it and use it to mop up the sauce from your entree.Second, during the summer they have a pre-fixe menu. If you're on a budget, one person can get the pre-fixe and the other just an entree and you'll have more than enough food. It's three courses and a glass of wine, so it was a great deal.Third, prices online appear to be lower than in the restaurant (although I could be wrong; it just seems cheaper online than what we saw at the restaurant).We did just that--pre fixe and entree-- and started with a generous caprese salad. Thick slices of tomatos and mozzarella. It was delicious.Next, hubby got the tagliatelle alla toscana. It was really just average. Instead, you should get the sweet potato ravioli. Eat just three of your six three-bite pods, and use that bread you've been saving to fill up on the sauce (after all, the cream sauce won't be nearly as yummy the next day!).We finished with the cannoli, which weren't overly sweet. Two small lemon-ricotta filled (we couldn't taste the white chocolate) ones.
5	We have been going here since open.......Have gone through the menu line by lineAll excellentI am a veal guy and love theirsStaff makes the placeWife & I are their biggest fans!!
5	Beautiful atmosphere, very friendly and helpful staff and the food was excellent. We will be back!
4	We had dinner there and loved it!
4	This may well be the best Italian restaurant in the Phoenix area, but there are a couple of others that I want to try (Tomaso's and Alessia's).We started with the bruschetta (the waitress unfortunately pronounced it wrong, poor training by the management) and it was definitely the best I've had in a long time, actually, since Italy. Bravo!I ordered the lasagne, and I know it is not a freshly made pasta dish, but I can make most of the other ones at home but I'm too lazy to do lasagne  -  anyway it was delicious. I can't say the same for my friend's meal, who ordered the penne ala norma. It tasted fishy, literally. The waitress asked if he wanted something else, he said no, but they comped it anyway. Now that's a classy place.For dessert, I wanted the chocolate souffle, but was too full so I went with the tiramisu. It was great, as was the cappuccino. Overall a very good experience. Nice ambiance, attentive service, great food, and I can't wait to try the chocolate souffle next time. I also saw a couple eating the pizza margherita and it looks great also (and only $10). I can't wait to return
4	I came here with the fam for dinner before my sister and brother in law headed out of town for the holidays. It's a solid place for Italian food with decent wine list. I had the Saltinbocca, which was pretty good. My mom got the lamb and gave me a piece since she couldn't finish. We split a few tiramisu for dessert and they were delicious. Service was great.
1	I really wanted to love this restaurant.  It's local and has a nice atmosphere (except for the paper on top of the table cloth....my 8 year old even said, "this paper is unpleasant.")  It was my 72 year old mother-in-law's birthday.  I stopped in on my way to pick my son up from school to check out the restaurant and menu.  When I went in I wondered if they were open as nobody was around.  Finally I got the attention of the bar tender who gave me a paper menu to take along and talked up the owners and food as truly authentic Italian.I arrived before my husband, who was bringing our son, mother-in-law and father-in-law (who is in a wheelchair).  The hostess was very nice and set up a table that was easy to access/room for the wheelchair.  The restaurant was busy which included at least two large parties of 8 plus in the dinning room.  We sat down and waited ....waters....waited...oh you need menus.....waited and waited....drink order...waited and waited...drinks came out hand carried one or two at a time...ugh.The waitress was pleasant but seemed to be taking care of most of the tables even though there seemed to be plenty of other staff around.  Anyway, the special dinner item was kangaroo.  None of us felt like going there....is kangaroo an "authentic Italian" dish?  We ordered the Anitpaso Italiano to start which was very good, but a really tiny plate for the price.  The bread basket was a complimentary thin, short little bread for our table of 5.  My husband also ordered a bowl of minestrone.  The soup was bland and overpowered by the taste of the overcooked broccoli in the soup.  Never had Minestrone with broccoli (and peas).My father-in-law had the Costolette D'Agnello alla Griglia (lamb chops) accompanied by the "fresh" vegetable of the day.  He ate the lamb chops not the veggies.  The veggies were awful and strange.  It's like they were boiled and overcooked (cabbage, potato, zucchini & carrot) except the carrot was undercooked and hard.My mother-in-law had the Spaghetti alla Carbonara.  She ate it.   Didn't complain about it, but it looked heavy (too thick) and beige.I had the Pappardelle Marie Monti (spinach pasta, Scallops & porcini mushrooms in an "imported" light cherry tomato sauce).  Bland, oily and the scallops would have been nice with a sear on each side.My husband and son split the Pollo al Marsala...which the menu says is pan seared.  The chicken was almost certainly boiled with like a mushroom, butter gravy added afterward.  No marsala flavor.  This also came with the awful and strange "fresh" vegetable of the day.The service was painfully slow for everything even after the bigger parties had cleared out.  No offer for a second glass of wine, and refills on soft drinks was next to impossible as the waitress had no support (buss staff, etc.).   We had dirty dinner plates even while we ate our little cupcake I brought to put a candle in for grandma's birthday.  Good thing too, because we were not offered dessert.  I did manage to get a coffee, which was brought out black (no spoon or cream).  There was sugar on the table from earlier and when I asked for cream..."oh, you need cream"....stirred the cream in with one of the forks I didn't use from dinner.  As an afterthought the waitress brought a couple of fresh plates and forks for our cupcakes, but it was too little too late.  The check was brought over and we never saw the waitress again.  Guess it was a good thing we paid cash and didn't need change.  We got up to leave (not a fast moving group) and there was not any staff waitress, hostess, bartender who said goodbye, thank you, have a good night.  In fact I thought this was so strange, I yelled back into the restaurant goodbye, your welcome....still not one staff member turned their head to acknowledge  me.Not going back...what a shame...I REALLY wanted to like this place.
2	I really wanted to like this place, as it just would be so nice to find good Italian food in the Phoenix area, and it's close to home. But I was overall very disappointed in the food. The only thing I liked, honestly, was the bread and the wine. We had the prosciutto fresh mozzarella dish and it was greasy, bland, salty and just bad. Our main dishes were the spaghetti carbonara, and it was such an Americanized "past with alfredo sauce" version of it. Very cheesey and creamy and way overpowering smoked pancetta. It was truly awful.  And at $16 or $18 a plate, hardly worth it and far from what traditional pasta carbonara should be. I'm not sure why restaurants use a cheesy alfredo sauce for carbonara, when it should be egg used for the consistency, not gobs of cheesy sauce. Bleh!The atmosphere, wine and bread were good, but I can get that at home. Was sorely disappointed and felt the regret of spending $80 on a totally mediocre to bad experience with the food.I have yet to find good Italian food in the Phoenix area. The closest thing is the new Italian Restaurant by Chris Bianco. Meatballs to die for!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!  I go here every year for my Birthday dinner.  Had the sweet potato gorgonzola ravioli last year, It was fan-freakin-tastic!  Can't wait to go again this year.  And their lunch specials are wonderful too.
4	Definitely worth it. The decor is lovely and it is a good atmosphere. But the important part is the food. This is probably as good as Phoenix can get; it will never be amazing Italian - the cooks can't go to a nearby dairy and get fresh cheese, they can't go to a local butcher and handpick the meats, and I doubt they have the time to make the pasta by hand - all of which they do in Italy. But that being  said, they did a good job with the ingredients that they have access to and everything was fine. Better than Olive Garden, and isn't that what you're looking for?The staff is not effusive in greetings, but definitely not rude. Our server, an older gentleman, was courteous and friendly and spot on the service. Plate used? Replaced? Fork used? Replaced. New dishes for every course, perfect.And frankly, if you go during happy hour with half off appetizers (REAL appetizers, not cheapo fried stuff - options like calamari, mussels, antipasto, bruchetta, etc) life was pretty darn good.
5	Given that my wife grew up in Chandler, I was surprised that we hadn't found this place earlier.  Awesome!
3	Beautiful restaurant, it made me forget that I was in Arizona. Love the rustic wood chairs, iron chandeliers, and stone work on the walls. Stunning! Excellent bread and amazing olive oil. I had the spinach pasta with scallops, mushrooms and a cherry tomato sauce. It was good but I felt like it was missing something. I guess it just need a kick. My boyfriend had the lasagna and he said it was good but not amazing like the server described. We will be back since I would like to try some other items on their menu.
3	Decent food mostly. Nothing spectacular. Scallops were gritty which is pretty off-putting . Service was not good, the waitress seemed to take issue with just about any request and forgot items on several occasions. If the service were better I'd consider returning since the location is nice, but I can spent my money better elsewhere.
5	My husband and I had dinner there last night for the first time.  We live pretty close by and was hoping for a good experience so we could frequent this place often.  It was way above our expectations.  I am an italian food stob, so it better be good or I won't go back.  Our pasta dishes were outstanding and service very good.  The restaurant was very busy but the hostess got us a table at the bar.  Will definitely become a regular.
3	We dropped in last night for happy hour after checking out the farmer's market in Downtown Chandler. Happy hour goes until 6pm (half priced apps and pizzas!!), and since it was pretty close to that time, we were given menus and waited on right away. We decided on the margherita pizza and bocconcini al prosciutto (read mozzarella sticks wrapped in proscuitto topped with mushrooms and breadcrumbs, not fried). Soon after ordering, we were brought fresh slices of bread and some balsamic vinegar. After mixing the balsamic with the olive oil that was already at the table, we quickly devoured most of the bread.It didn't take too long for the food to come. The "cheese sticks" came out first. Different from anything I've had before, but they were quite tasty...we fought over the mushrooms that topped the 3 cheese sticks. The pizza shortly followed, and it was big enough for 3 people to share (not bad for $5)! We agreed that the pizza was good, but nothing too special. It had a crushed tomato sauce with scattered fresh basil, smothered in mozzarella cheese on a thin crust and cooked in a brick oven. It was a great pizza for the price; if I go back, I'd like to try one of their other pizzas.The bill was less than $20 for the pizza, appetizer, a glass of wine and a glass of beer. Not to mention we were pretty full. The atmosphere is cozy and romantic, with low lighting. The service was pretty good, although it took forever to get our check- I was quickly becoming inpatient. I'm not sure if I'd rush back there, but if you're in the area around happy hour time I'd suggest giving it a shot!
5	Always a favorite of ours.  Ricardo is our favorite waiter...takes care of our every need.  The owner is all about the details in both the ambiance and the food.  I'm Italian (Sicilian) and lived in Jersey for years.  Carbonara is easy to mess up, but the chef here consistantly makes the Carbonara perfectly.  My wife ordered the pasta with broccoli and sausage, and it's always perfectly done.  My son had the Gnocchi, which is consistantly wonderful.  The pastas are perfectly al dente every time.  Wine selection is superb.  And the Limoncella at the end of our meal...perfect touch from our waiter Ricardo.  Thank you for providing a great Italian restaurant to our little area in Chandler!!
3	Pretty good, but I need to visit a second time to get something else.  I had the Involtini di Vitello, which sounded good in principle but was just sort of gross toward the end.  It's basically veal wrapped around a core of prosciutto and mozzarella and served in a sherry sauce.  It just wasn't a good choice.  The vegetables that accompanied the dish were fine, but I was a little put out to see "baby carrots."  For one thing, they're not really baby carrots, they're just big carrots whittled down to little nubs and sold in bags.  And for another, I've had those in my lunch every day for the last two weeks, so you'll understand if I'm dismayed to see them make a cameo on my dinner plate at an not-inexpensive Italian restaurant.  My wife had the lasagne, which is usually a good bet.  It tasted fine and our super picky 8 year old had a bite when we got home and loved it.  I should have gone with my gut, which was to order the steak.  Or maybe the Tagliolini allo Scoglio.  The wine list has a reasonable, if small, number of wines available by the glass.  I tried a sangiovese, cab, merlot blend - it was just OK.  For desert, we had the lemon gelato swirled with limoncello.  This was very good.  Despite my so-so entree, I think this place deserves a second try.
2	I'll be blunt, my experience here was in a word, disappointing. The service was subpar at best, and their pizza just plain sucks. I had their "signature" margarita (sp) pizza which can be best described as a soggy mess of oily cheese on an even soggier crust. That was preceded by a salad that had canned pears and easily a full cup of stale walnuts dumped on it. I hate writing bad reviews, so I'm being generous with two stars.
4	The caprese salad was pretty good.The lasagna was good but way too greasy, I guess the cheese did the damage (to my diet, lol).Good coffee. Good service although a little slow.Great place in Chandler if you don't have too high expectations.Fair prices.
4	Starting off Yelp 2013 with a happy review from La Stalla. :)Located in the ever growing "Historic Chandler" area, La Stalla may look upscale and snobby but its prices are definitely not. Their lunch menu in particular has affordable $6, $7 and $8 items which allow you to give the restaurant a try before you decide to go all out on a fancy date or family dinner. Our server was very friendly and gave us about 3 rounds of hot freshly baked break with olive oil, balsamic vinegar and freshly grated Parmesan. We devoured it so quickly that i felt like a cheap college student filling up on the freebies. I mean it didn't stop me from continue to eat them (of course), I just felt bad about it.I ordered an eggplant sandwich with grilled veggies, mozzarella cheese, basil and a side of thin french fries. At $8 I thought the sandwich decently sized and fresh but I unfortunately found it waaay too oily. It had been sitting in a pool of olive oil which made it very hard to grab and eat (and it was too loose to eat with a knife and fork). I wiped my hands and mouth about a dozen times just to get rid of the oil. The fries were pretty normal and not out of this world. Would have loved to have the option of switching it for a salad or extra veggies since french fries isn't their forte. My coworkers enjoyed their food and their outside patio was pretty perfect for the weather that day. I would maybe return to try their dishes and get a bottle of wine if they continue to have their wine deals ($20 at lunch time). Cheers!
3	Want to give more stars but.... The food is good, not great. The restaurant is nice and in an ideal location. The service was fine. It took a long time to get our meals.The bruschetta was bland- anemic tomatoes, not enough basil or garlic. We tried two different veal dishes. The saltimbocca was tough and boring. The  involutini was really tasty.Unlike other yelpers, we liked the authentic feel of the paper on the tables. The place was busy for a Wednesday night and they had live music. We will try happy hour or lunch specials next time. We don't like to spend that kind of money for food that is just "good".
4	Had dinner there on March 17 I love the atmosphere and food .Tina was our waitress and the service was outstanding we did have a large group of people 15 or more the only reason the place didn't get five stars was the point-of-sale system which took 30 minutes to get the Individual checks.
5	Definitely will come back to try more dishes or have the same ones again.  We have been coming to downtown Chandler for some time now but we somehow missed this gem.  The food is absolutely delicious and the ambiance is perfect.  Have gone with a group of people multiple times and it was a mixed order of veg and non veg dishes.  Everyone raved about their dish... so it seems like you can't go wrong with your pick.Downside is that the wait time is long but the food is delicious, which is why I'll be going back.  We usually grab some vino and wait by the bar for our table.
5	Awesome happy hour on the 1/2 price pizza and apps.The bartender is the best you will find. He is a doll, and if you show up regularly he'll know what you like. The pizzas are great; we usually get the Capricciosa pizza with the Caprese salad. And lots of bread with olive oil, balsamic vinaigrette, and Parmesan. I could fill up alone on the Caprese salad and bread. I honestly can't say anything about the other food, because I've only ever been in for happy hour. It's so good, I never want to go for anything but. Be sure to get there early, because the happy hour is only good in the bar area, and there aren't many tables. It fills up quickly.
4	Beautiful inside. Amazing food. Great service. The only thing wrong is a small menu and it takes time to make.
4	Ahh, what can I say.  The food is simply delizioso.  Went there tonight on an off chance for fine Italian and I was not disappointed.  The Pollo Al Limone was breathtakingly good.  My husband had the Pollo Alla Parmigiana -- hmm the food was melt in your mouth good.  Previously had tried a neighborhood Italian place in Chandler and it did not hit me at all.  This one in downtown Chandler is definitely worth the trip.  Topped off dinner with the Limon Gelato -- wow -- delicious, light and satisfying. They have lunch specials for $6 so I will be back to try those also.
4	I would have given 5 stars but the night we  went here dinner service was very slow.  Our table hardly noticed because we were enjoying apps, drinks and conversation. The party of 8 next to us looked like they wanted murder us because our dinner came out before theirs!!! We were entertained by their anger.Other than that, food was great! Lemon drop martinis...yum.
5	We dined on 9/22/12 which was my husband's birthday dinner, and we had a party of 4.  I must say the service was incredible!!!  We had made reservations and our table was waiting for us when we arrived.  My husband ordered the fettucine, which was by far the best dish at the table.  They make their own pasta at this place, so the fettucine noodles were purple and had the white sauce (awesome by the way) topped with pine nuts and sliced cherry tomatoes.  I had a dish, which was the special, and while it was cooked well, it wasn't as fantastic as the fettucine dish, just my preference, not digging on the dish itself.  The others at the table ordered the lasagna, which was a pretty big portion, and it was delicious as well.  We had wine and an italian beer called Moretti La Rossa.  The beer was so good, we went to Total Wine a few days later and got a couple of 6 packs.  We were there into the end of the evening (10 pm), so our server asked if we'd like some homemade almond liqueur, and we said yes.  It was fantastic!!  It came in a little shot glass and was so very wonderful.  We thought they were going to charge us for these, but they didn't.  It was a sort of pricey place, but so very worth the great food, and we were prepared to pay since it was a birthday celebration. A special place to dine for sure.  I'd been here on other occasions and the food was good, but they must have upped their game since then, as they went from 4 stars to 5 stars.
5	We have been going to this restaurant for several years and can't say enough good things about it. Anything you order will please you. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
5	Always good! We love this place. Try the sweet potato ravioli. Wonderful Italian wines. The lemoncello dessert is marvelous. Service is great. We also like the ambiance... cozy, quiet music that matches the cuisine. I hate going to an Italian restaurant and hearing rock and roll or country western in the background.We have visited many times and have never been disappointed.
4	Nice place for couple night out. Get good bottle of wine, a little Prosciutto and cheese, followed up by the lamb chops. Great meal! Waiter was very friendly and helpful. Very reasonably priced as well.Next time will try pizza and wine happy hour.
5	Looking for Italian in Chandler? This is the place to go! We have been here more times than I can count. Highlights:-Great for small groups or an intimate date night. -Calamari is a must. Lightly breaded with garlic marinara sauce-Gnocchi, Ravioli & Margarita pizza are some favorites-Reservations recommended on a Friday or Saturday.
4	Food was excellent Great atmosphere Seemed way short on wait staff very slow on service but when they got to you very personable
5	This is a great restaurant. We ate here several times. Great food, ambience and location. Very polite staff.
4	Overall well done. Food was good, nice decor although high noise level. Our server OK but poor guy looked like he was over loaded.
3	Food was not to my expectations. It didn't taste authentic at all. Just average, a little better than Olive Garden.
4	My husband and I were searching for a new restaurant we've never been to before and found this place in downtown Chandler. I gave this 4 stars because the staff did not make you feel very welcome when we first entered and we were not greeted by the server with a smile. I wanted to leave but my husband said we should give it a chance and I'm glad we did.We got there around 4pm so there were only a couple customers beside us. We were served warm bread with olive oil and vinegar to start with. It was delicious !I ordered the ravioli soup and Ceasar salad with chicken. Omg, it was so flavorful and the salad was so fresh. My husbands cannoli( ??)  entree was heavenly!We would like to try it again during the evening hours to experience the patio with lights ambiance. The inside is beautiful.
5	Today was my first day at this restaurant. I love Italian food and this little restaurant has it just right. Cozy, friendly, good prices, and yummy food. I took my left overs (big plates) home and ate them 7 hours later and to my surprise the food still tastes delicious. Definitely worth it :)
5	Took my mom here on a whim for her birthday.  12 of us ate that night and 12 of us left happy!  Great atmosphere and pleasant service.  The biggest disappointment was the pizza, which was clearly not up to the standards set by the other dishes we tried.  Avoid the pizza, however, and you're sure to be blown away by a myriad of great flavors, a solid selection of wines and appetizers and some really unique offerings at this great little restaurant in South Chandler.
5	The BEST place for Italian and the service is phenomenal (especially if you have the pleasure of being served by Tina).I have celebrated birthdays, anniversaries, brought out of town family and business folks here and I get the same reaction from everyone...this place is amazing!!They always have great specials, sometimes things like boar or rabbit and you can always count on a delicious meal.
3	Ordered the chicken parm and a veal dish.Food was good but not great.  The chicken parm came out warm versus hot.  No real comments on the veal dish.The veggies that came with both were pretty decent.Not sure this place will make it into my rotation, but I haven't ruled out going back.
5	Went here on a date and I was impressed with the intimate feel and ambiance the restaurant had. It was quite inside and the decor really made you feel like you were eating in a Tuscan restaurant. Service started off slightly slower through the beverage round but he was friendly and made suggestions based on what we may eat for dinner. We started off with some Caprese and it was delicious... The mozzarella was soooo good! We had the Lasagna and Tagliatelle alla Toscana pasta for our meals and they were both excellent and so full of flavor. Best I have had... REALLY. Overall really good fun experience and will definitely be back.
5	our first time here! and omg the most delicious Italian dishes ive ever eaten! and great service too, thx to our waiter Jeff. we will def come back often!!
5	This restaurant was wonderful! The atmosphere was romantic and rustic, the food tasted like something out of old world Italy and the staff was friendly. This is definatley the place to go for a romatic night out. I recommend saving room for one of their desserts.
5	I eat here regularly and always love it.  The service is friendly and prompt and the food is always delicious.  What more can one ask for?
4	I am VERY VERY picky about eating out at italian restaurants but La Stalla definitely made the grade.  The bread was very flavorful and satisfying and the sweet potato ravioli was magnificent.  Prices were very reasonable as well plus the service was great.
5	Great service by Tina! Food was so good - sweet potatoe ravioli and chicken parm. Her recommendations were spot on. And splurge and eat the bread...worth it!
5	I have absolutely nothing bad to say! Food was outstanding the service and ambience were great! We will be going back for sure!Note: their marinara sauce and calamari are amazing!!
5	We visited La Stalla for Happy Hour with another couple after it was recommended to us by a friend who frequents "happy hours" around town. The Happy Hour prices were extremely reasonable and the food was quite tasty and well portioned.  We ordered the bruschetta al pomodoro, calamari fritti and three pizzas -  Funghi E Prosciutto, Margherita and sausage.  Our waitress, Kami, had such attention to detail !  She made sure we got our "Happy Hour" drink prices in (we arrived a half hour before Happy Hour was over) but didn't serve our wine until we were finished with the previous glass so that our white wines stayed chilled !!  She refilled our water constantly and gave us just the right amount of attention.Food and service at La Stalla will assure that we will definitely visit again and highly recommend this restaurant !!
2	If the service wouldn't have so poor it would have been hilarious! Despite our server's arrival with great enthusiasm, it went down hill from there.He even wanted to let us know that was not your usual pasta place with regular spaghetti etc... How's that for an insult to your customers?  I like basic pasta places and I am capable of discerning between types of food. Our food arrived cold and we had to send all entrees back to the kitchen. Our server was nowhere to be found and we had to request another server to come to our table and take the food back. It appears there is no bus staff or management as well! Our server seemed overwhelmed! Our salad plates were not cleared before entrees came out and he had to set down our entrees on a table next to us to clear the dirty plates. Speaking of dirty plates my sisters appetizer plate was dirty when it arrived as was her fork with residual food.  I requested another glass of wine and he took my empty glass and went to attend to another table and set my dirty glass on their table while he took an order from them! My sister asked for decaf coffee and a dessert menu and she was told there was no decaf!  He said I can try and make you some if you want!!! Are you kidding me??? In a restaurant of this caliber no coffee made?? We asked to share two desserts for four people. Perhaps they were low on forks and spoons because we got two spoons for all of us to share. We are a close family but I want my own cutlery when dining out. At one point we thought we might have been a reality TV show because it was so ridiculous. We love fine dining and were so looking forward to going here!  We came in from California for this!  My son and daughter have both been servers and we are great supporters of the service industry so I would encourage La Stalla to hire some bus boys so your servers can do the job they need to do.
4	We went here for Mother's Day and although they were under-staffed and the employees seemed over-worked, I was impressed how each employee handled every aspect of service with grace and patience. The food was delicious...we didn't take home leftovers bc we all finished our meals...and then enjoyed 3 different desserts! Ugh, so yummy! The entree portions are perfect; not too much and not too little. It's a cute and quaint restaurant in the heart of old town chandler. Great date night location; but it's probably a good idea to make reservations if it's on the weekend. Hope you enjoy this place as much as we did!
5	I really cannot express how I feel about this place with a simple 5 stars. This place was absolutely AMAZING! My boyfriend took us here as a surprise for our first valentine's day together. I was a bit skeptical at first since this is downtown chandler (which I HATE) and I had never heard of it before. Especially because it's the only one around. So we get in and it was very intimate and relaxing. Our server was on top of everything and kept our drinks filled and made sure we were doing okay regularly. We ordered the mozzarella wrapped in prosciutto with mushrooms and bread crumbs appetizer. AMAZING! I got the manicotti for my meal. ANOTHER AMAZING dish. My boyfriend ordered their smoke salmon. I do not like fish so I did not care for it but my boyfriend said it was fantastic. Got to take the word of a fish eater. We then went there recently for a date. We got the same appetizer again and it was still great! We also shared a pizza. Their pizza was cooked in a brick oven and came out tasting better than most places we usually go to ie: native new yorker, venezia's, nypd. Prices are amazing and I would really like to try the desserts next time but I am always so full when I am finished eating!Lets just say I would give this place a million stars and we will be back many times!
5	The BEST HAPPT HOUR Spot in Town! Great Italian Food & Import Beers on tap.  This is our secret spot tnat has become quite popular! You Simply MUST Try It!
4	Well first, the gentleman poured me an exquisite glass of chianti. The soup was made of beans and pasta. It was so well done it made me want to cry.  The bread was served with a tough pepper mill and balsamic and oil that was perfect. I ordered the ink and squid. Gotta say, Le mussels were perfect. The dyed pasta was al dente and delicious. I had a mug of Italian coffee. Perfect. I savoured a hazelnut liqueur and waited for the food to settle.  The bill wad affordable. While seeming a high end restaurant, the price and the flavor did not match. I expected it to be much more expensive. I would have paid more. I sat there a many while moments contiplating before getting a gin straight up and dirty. Great service to the end. The maestro had no problem sending me hone with extra bread. Well done. I will come back soon.
5	We went back for lunch on a Sunday  and it was fantastic. Reasonable prices and the food was SO good! I had salmon that absolutely melted in my mouth with a tasty side of steamed veggies. Planning another lunch trip soon!
4	I went to the restaurant for dinner and ordered the sea bass.  It was delicious and it came with a side order of vegetables. I really like this place and will return in the future.
5	My boyfriend and I ate here for the first time last night and loved it. So many great menu items, it was hard to choose from. I had the seafood dish that was fresh and delicious. Service was prompt and attentive and the atmosphere was adorable! When we first arived there was a two person band setting the mood for the evening. I would definitely come again and recommend to friends.
5	Love, love, love. Haven't had a bad item here. The pasta e fagioli is to die for. The gnocchi is delectable. The ambiance is lovely. Generally a quiet spot. The service is good. My boyfriend's food came out a little later than the rest, so they brought us a round of lemoncello shots on the house. It is clear these people take pride in what they do. I will come here time and time again. Brought my parents, and they loved it. Location is great; nestled in the heart of downtown Chandler.
5	Awesome! Wait staff is super friendly, courteous and prompt. I went once for lunch and dinner. Their meals are interesting, unique and very delicious for the price. The price, although higher than your mom and pop stores, is very reasonable for the quality of food you get. The creme brulee is the highest quality I have had in the East Valley. Would recommend to anyone.
3	Really, for the price, I expected more. I had the lasagna. I'm wondering if I ordered the wrong thing, because this place has some pretty stellar reviews on here. For similar prices though, for me, the food is better at Macaroni Grill and Oregano's. Additionally I found the ambiance to be pretty stifling and the waitstaff not terribly friendly to two people who came in wearing casual clothing.
2	I was hoping to give this a better revue. I tried but I just can't. I had the risotto which was not bad but way too much and I would rather asparagus or some other vegetable than that tasteless and teeny shrimp. My daughter had the margarita pizza which again is NOT a margarita pizza. That was not fresh mozzarella. I don't like (boxing) my food up even if I have extra. But this was definitely left at the table. I kind of had the idea when I started to walk into the restaurant. The outside patio is surrounded by big potted dead as a doornail pots outside. Now, I know no one is probably using the patio in the dead of summer but it is the face of the restaurant and it should be kept up. When I walked in I understood why. The whole place looks dated and not that clean. I'm sorry, I really wanted to like this place.
2	I normally don't write reviews below a 4 or if I've only visited once, but we had some of the most terrible service I've ever encountered. I brought my friend out to see chandler when she was in town and found this place through Yelp. We were seated at hi top by the bar, which was fine, because it was a busier Friday night. A waiter came over for our drink orders and then.... We got our bottle of wine but not iced teas. We asked again, knowing it was busy, but no dice (that time or the next time we asked). We then asked about the cheese plate. Our server didn't know what was on it and took ten minutes finding somebody who did. It was paltry at best for $14, but that's the nature of cheese plates. We asked about the specials and the waiter went off to find somebody who knew, again. He was gone for 30 minutes. No further service during this time. At this point we were so frustrated that we decided to leave. We asked for the check (which took 10 minutes) and then the waiter very awkwardly asked if he had done anything wrong :/ Based on that time only, I would give this place a 1. Since it was my first time and a Friday, I feel like that isn't fair. I did want to leave this review though so management is aware of some deficiencies in service. We left, went next door to San Tan on a very busy Friday and had dinner, beers, AND iced teas and were out the door in 45 minutes.
5	Have been going here for 10 years and never disappoints. Great happy hour, great pizza and killer lasagne. Also reasonable prices, try it.
5	This is our new favorite Italian place! I can't believe we'd never been here before. The restaurant was clean, the ambiance was nice and relaxing, and the service was top notch. We ordered the Carbonara and the Sweet Potato Ravioli and both were amazing! It was a little pricier than some other italian places we have been, but the quality of service and food made it well worth it. We will definitely be back!
5	This Is what a nice Italian restaurant is supposed to be.  We were so happy to find this gem is chandler!  Great food, though a little pricey, but well definitely be back!
3	Wine was great and the food was even better. Service was definitely lacking some attention, but overall great food, good atmosphere.
3	Not too bad!! Would go back!! First off this place is located in downtown Chandler, which I love the area and it fits right in. It's located on buffalo street right across from San Marcos hotel. It's a small little restaurant with a warm feel.  Right off the bat I was very surprised by the ambience. Staff was extremely friendly so no issues there.  On to the food.  I ordered the Cavatelli Pasta with Sausage, broccoli, in a garlic sauce.  While the dish was decent it didn't blow me away.  It didn't meet the standards not the wow factor that the decor gave me.  It left me wanting for more.  Not more food as the serving was sufficient just  more flavor.  Prices wasn't bad as my meal was 10.00. But it was more on the bland side and the pasta itself was a little tough.  I left full but not entirely satisfied.  Overall I would visit again and perhaps just order a different dish as my friend had the salmon and mentioned it was delicious.
