3	My friend and I were looking for a certain Vietnamese restaurant and stumbled upon this one by accident . We had some kind of pan fried noodle dish which tasted alright but nothing I would rave about . The bun bo hue was alright too .. I liked that it was kind of spicy . But they put so little noodle in there !! I'm serious .. I've never had a bun bo hue with such little noodle . What a rip off !! lol . However, the grass jelly with coconut milk drink was pretty good .
4	Stopped in here for a semi-breakfast last weekend, my friends and I were looking at going to another place but the marathon was running and blocked us, so my one friend with here swift iPhone skills got us here!I get my usula pho tai and it was perfect, I, as usual, put too much heat in and wind up a snotty mess, PERFECT!Two other friend ordered fresh coconut, I have never seen this before.  They pop open a fresh coconut for you and they just dug in, I noticed they had a scrape the meat out but all seemed as it should.One item that was selected was beef wrapped shrimp, it looked real impressive!  Unfortunately I'm not a shell fish eater so I had to just go on their reaction, which was mmm!I'm digging that I always find something new and tasty in Vegas, this place get placed in my list of places to return too!
5	Looked on Yelp for a place for Pho - found several, and narrowed it down to Da Lat.No one has mentioned Pho Ga in their reviews - so I was prepared to be disappointed. At many Pho joints - Pho Ga almost appears to be an afterthought.I was traveling for work and fighting Bronchitis - I really wanted something healthy - good for my immune system - and a broth with jalapenos and lots of Sriracha to at the very least give me some temporary relief from the congestion I was experiencing.I visited Da Lat two evenings in a row. Both times I ordered the same thing: Pho Ga with white meat.The trimmings (bean sprouts, lime wedge, Saw Leaf Herb (as it is referred to by the rustics) Basil, and Jalapenos were fresh and crisp.The broth was very aromatic - it was indeed a chicken broth and had nice hints of star anise and I think a hint of cinnamon. It had bolder flavors than two of my fave Vietnamese Pho joints in Virginia - but that was not a bad thing - just means it was different - and in a good way!I added all of the trimmings and dug in - of course with liberal applications of Sriracha - to both individual bites and to the broth. Everything was awesome! The noodles were not clumped and cooked perfectly, the broth was rich and delicious, and the chicken was tender and succulent.Service was good - water was refilled several times.Da Lat is not very big on the inside - there are 8-10 tables. And as others have stated: "cash only."I will definitely come here any time I am in Vegas!
5	Vietnamese coffee.... Mmmmm, raw beef, man this place is heaven compare to most vietnamesefood stores I've bin in. Next time I return to vegas, I will go eat this again. THx Lisa pizza for the great suggestion. *cash ONLY*
5	Tried this after finding it on yelp. I went with my girlfriend and between us we ordered Pho Ga (Chicken) and Pho with the Vietnamese meatballs & rare beef. We also got the shrimp spring rolls, a Thai tea, a fresh coconut and for dessert the grass jelly with coconut cream.  All this was ~$30, the portions were huge, fresh, tasty & flavorful.This was our first time ever having Pho or Vietnamese food so we don't really have anything to compare it to but we both feel that any future place we try will have a hard time living up to the food we tried here, especially considering the price and great service.Can't wait to go back!
5	I'm giving this 5 stars.... although I've only ever eaten one thing on the menu.  So take it as you will.  Lately I've been in the mood for soups....  must be the cool Las Vegas weather.  And they do a great job with Pho to go.  I call when I'm leaving my house... and 5 minutes later it's waiting for me as I arrive.  I always get pho tai and it's delicious.  Totally filling, doesn't leave me hungry for more of anything.  They're very generous with the "fixins" and everything stays plenty hot when you get it home.  The service is great.  The girl regularly there during the day always recognizes me as soon as I call.  Very friendly service... and always offering suggestions if you want to try something else.  Maybe one of these days I'll have to.  If they were open 24 hours.... I'd probably order from here 5 days a week....  instead of my typical 2 to 3 times.
4	So who would have guessed that July 4th weekend is the weekend where 10,000 Vietnamese people from all over the US gather to watch Paris By Night (a rip off of MTV's Music Awards in Vietnamese). Wrong weekend to crave Pho indeed because all the Pho places I'm familiar with in Vegas were jammed packed. This place is the definition of hole in the wall. My kitchen in Vietnam was bigger than this place. But to find a nice diamond, you have to dig through all the coal. Hands down the best Com Tam (broken rice bbq dishes) in Las Vegas. You want to stick with the pork chop. Moist, tender, smoky and beautifully charred marbling. The rice is soft and buttery. The egg rolls have this taro meat combination that is quintessentially Vietnam. The Pho is definitely top notch. The slightly oily broth has this homemade feel to it that only people who have actually made Pho at home can understand. Fresh Pho will have these floating oil micelles because it hasn't been strained over and over and over like typical Pho places. This type of Pho will sing to some and scare others. I'm a native, so this type of Pho holds dear to my heart. Conclusion:Everything is fresh and HOT! Yes HOT! I can't stress enough that temperature is key in Vietnamese cooking. Every dish that is cooked with fire needs to be served HOT! Steamy! This is the only place in Vegas that has that concept down. I just wish the decor is nicer; then I can bring my friends. next visit - order Bun Bo Hue (Spicy Noodle Soup).
4	We were in Vegas for a friend's wedding this past weekend (July 10-11th) and I was craving some noodle soup (pho). Checked out Yelp for local vietnamese restaurants and the reviews on this place was good not to mention the 4 and 1/2 stars it got and also the Grade A on the wall inside the restaurant. I had pho with the raw steak slices and meatballs. The soup was good. All the right flavoring was there. I recommend this place for those who are trying to get over a hangover (mind you in Vegas, you're more than likely to have them) or just simply having a craving for some noodle soup in the morning.
4	Whoa! okay first of all if you love heat then go to Vegas during July, because it was super hot! Anyways as you come in it's a bit small, but comfy. The staff were super friendly and the atmosphere was nice. Everyone at the table ordered Pho and unique me wanted a rice dish. So I ordered the pork chops. YUM! OMG! it was flavored just right and the presentation of this dish was clean. The portion was great. I had rice, veggies, and the pork. I also ordered soup on the side. This was a great deal. The dish itself cost $4.50. So tell me that was not a deal. Shoo... I loved every bite of it. I'll make sure to come next time when I'm in town, which happens often; since everyone in their momma's house loves VEGAS! haha! So see you next month.
3	We went and had the pho. While it was good, there are just others that are better.
4	Really good pho. Quick cab ride on Flamingo, by the Palms.
5	My friends and I came here for lunch after a long night of partying at Rain Nightclub. This place was introduced from a buddy, Davis Duong (master yelper), he chose this place because it had the highest rating on yelp...figures. The place had great parking (lots of spots) and was very average in size, it could probably fit about 25 people max? The price for the pho was around $7. Now the portion wise, it was pretty decent. It doesnt compare to the OC/Westminster/Garden Grove money-proportion, but for Vegas, it was pretty good. The food was delicious, didnt seem like it had too much MSG (usually i knock out from food coma after a bowl). The soup wasnt too heavy, and the noodles werent too soft and mushy. My favorite part of the bowl was the meat...the meat tasted especially good here for some reason. Even though I only had one bowl, when I really wanted 2, this place is my favorite so far in Las Vegas, Nevada.Great Service, the lady who worked at the cash register even told me that a lot of customers found out about this place from yelp.UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
5	After seeing the reviews on Yelp, decided to give this place a try since we were visiting Las Vegas.  This place was very good.  My hubby and I both had the Pho Tai and the broth was very rich with beefy goodness.  I also had the goi cuon and these were excellent.  The decor is plain and typical of most vietnamese places but the food was very good.  Will definitely eat here again next time we come to Las Vegas for my vietnamese fix.
4	Been wanting to try pho for sometime, finally gave it a whirl this afternoon for lunch. Da Lat is minutes away from my office. I called in an order for Pho Tai, it was ready to go when I arrived. Minutes and $7 later I was back at my desk enjoying a yummy treat. Broth was flavorful, beef was tender and veggies were fresh. I don't know what's taken me so long to try it, but it won't be long before I return. I'm thrilled to have another great lunch option nearby.
5	Hands-down, the BEST Vietnamese restaurant I have ever been to. Menu & Pricing:The menu contains traditional Vietnamese dishes that can be found in almost every other Vietnamese restaurant (Pho, Vermicelli, Rice Dishes, Noodles, etc.) Prices for most dishes are under $10.Favorites & Recommendations:Pho Tai **Grilled Pork Chops w/ Rice = So flavorful. My favorite dish =]Service:This place is pretty small, and sometimes pretty packed during peak lunch time (noon-1pm). However, every time my boyfriend and I have gone, we got seated right away. Service has always been good also.Wrap-Up:Da Lat will always be my go to place for my favorite dish (grilled pork chops w/ rice) and for some good pho. I suggest any tourists looking for a good Vietnamese restaurant off the strip to come here - it is only 5 minutes away from the strip.
1	Well...what can I say about this place? My fellow Yelpers led me to the wrong Pho restaurant! There were a few things wrong...1. The eggrolls were extremely small! A little pricey ($4.25) for 4 little nubs.2. I got the Pho with rare steak and after the steak was cooked in the broth it had some weird green stuff on it. 3. My friend got the pho with well done meat and he said the meat was cold. Umm...precooked meat? Eww. 4. The pho comes out so slow! In San Diego we get it in like 5 minutes or less!5. Their water pitcher was a coffee pot. Uhh...anyone want coffee water?I guess they get a star for trying. I'm scared to try other pho places in Vegas. I think I'll just stick to pho in San Diego.
4	This is a really small Vietnamese restaurant run and operated by mostly the members of a Vietnamese family.  The dad works in the kitchen, the daughters work the front (waitress, busser, cashier).  Counting the number of seats available, the capacity is probably 34 at the most.The menu is full of pictures to help you with ordering, if you are not familiar with Vietnamese food.  The price is pretty reasonable, not the cheapest and probably not the most expensive by off-Strip Vietnamese restaurant standards.Most items are under $10.Their Chicken Wings (comes with 3) is pretty good. It has nice flavor and has crispy exterior.  It is served with some salt and pepper, which you are supposed to squeeze some lime juice to form a very traditional Vietnamese condiment.  I think the chicken is good on its own, but the salty citrus flavor gives it a new depth of flavor.I also tried their combination pho on this visit.  The broth was good, on the mild flavor side, but not greasy (I like that!).  The tendons that was in my bowl was very soft, indication that it was simmered for hours to get that nice texture.  The herbs and bean sprouts served with the pho is also very very fresh. It is just a minor detail, but it is all of the little things done right that makes something as pedestrian as pho to be elevated to the next level.  Gotta love that.And I was told by one of my friend that this little restaurant is considered the best Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas by other Vietnamese!  And after trying some of their food, I can see why.  I will definiately be back for the delicious food and friendly service.
4	Despite the small seating area, the food is better than average.  I got the bun bo hue and it had great flavor.  I threw out the pigs blood, knuckles and some other oddball chitterings floating around.  Service is A-OK, but very welcoming.  I like how the topping's plate you get shredded red-cabbage on top of jalepenos, lime, basil, & mint.
4	Pho: Probably the best hangover cure to mankind.And Da Lat is the perfect and convenient haven to alleviate that nasty headache of yours.My friends and I woke up from an epic night out in Vegas, and upon getting up, my friend instantly requested pho. Finding Da Lat was actually a bit of a challenge, since it's hidden in a plaza and it's a small family owned restaurant. But lemme say... it's worth the troubles!The food was absolutely flavorful and delicious! The food took a really long time to come out, which was quite torturous. It was weird that the pho came out last, since it's usually the first. Some highlights:- Their raw meat appetizer was pretty good. Interesting... since it's my first time trying it.- Got a dry noodle dish but switched out the noodles with rice. Yay! The waitress was so nice about it!- Waitress was really friendly and quick on her feet- The pho you order comes with a lot of meat (huge tendons!)- Apparently they ran out of some type of meat for my friend's Bun Bo Hue, but replaced it with other goodies and more meat- everything was gooood AND cheap!- they accept credit cards! A+!- be prepared to wait awhile for your food though..My only disappointment is that their rice dishes are smaller than other Vietnamese restaurants, but I'm not complaining since the deliciousness made up for it. I got the chicken, eggroll, salad combo... eggrolls were seriously baby-sized... and I ate every single grain of rice since the portions were pretty small. Oh well.If you wake up with a hangover and hating yourself from drinking too much, head over to da lat - you'll love yourself afterwards.
4	Looking for quick and easy, tasty pho while in Vegas??? This is def the closest spot to the strip for real pho! Had this on a Sunday afternoon and it hit the spot. I got the beef bowl and my lady friend got the chicken and we shares some fresh spring rolls. All of it helped the hangover and we left satisfied. If you need pho while in Vegas make this your choice!
4	I came here with some friends on New Years. The pho not only cured my hangover, but it also helped me get my voice back! Although this small mom & pop restaurant was hard to find, the waitress was very friendly and the service was fast. Plus it's close to the strip! Best pho place in Vegas hands down!
4	A nice find away from the strip. Great for hangovers.Small family owned restaurant with great home cooked meals. A bowl of Pho is $7and you pick and choose your items.I also tried some of their rice plates. I recommend the diced beef $10.50 and traditional plate $7.50
4	went back as a happy customer on a cold night..a rice, meat & eggroll plate for appetizer.. then pho and another plate for dinner.nom nom nom!
4	I had never thought of finding a Pho place in Vegas even though I have been known to venture far off-strip for groceries, food, pharmaceuticals, etc.So I turned to my trusty Yelp community and chose Da Lat for my next trip to Sin City. The perfect hangover cure, I thought!So on Saturday morning, after a night of boozing and schmoozing, my friends and I hopped in my car and drove the 3 miles to Da Lat expecting a refreshing bowl of noodle soup. One of my friends opted for the Subway next door and brought her foot long club sandwich over to Da Lat to join us. She had finished it before we even received our Pho.Reviews on here made it sound like a crazy, busy place so I was worried that we would have to wait in line forever. Luckily, when we arrived it was nearly empty except for one group of 8. We sat down and a very nice, young, teenage girl took our drink orders. She returned quickly with our drinks and took our food orders.We ordered fresh spring rolls to share, fried rice to share and each of us ordered a large bowl of Pho. I also ordered an iced Thai tea. The tea and spring rolls arrived quickly. The tea had a funny taste (more than usual) so I only choked down half of it. The spring rolls were delicious and very fresh. We devoured them. Then the fried rice came out and I took a chance and ate it. I didn't feel sick afterward so it must be GF safe. The rice was VERY salty and greasy. Good fried rice will always be greasy but it doesn't have to be salty. On the plus side, it was loaded with different veggies and meats. The salty rice filled us up and we were slowing down and getting tired by the time our Pho arrived.My friend's Pho arrived about 5 minutes prior to mine. Presumably because my broth had to be hotter for the rare beef. The bowls were MASSIVE. I always order the biggest Pho a place has, but these were just crazy. Each of us finished about 1/8 of it before the salt caught up to us. The add-ins that were given weren't as varied or abundant as many places I have been, but they still did the job. The broth was probably the oiliest I have ever had. The entire surface was covered in oil droplets. Not appetizing. Regardless of its appearance, it still hit the spot and we went home for our MSG induced nap. I awoke and ate the remainder of my Pho. Somehow it was better at room temperature. I am not giving this place 5 stars because the teenage girls who served us did not wear their hair in ponytails and it looked like they had just rolled out of bed. I understand that it is a small, family restaurant but a little bit of hygiene goes a long way. I don't want to think about hair flipping in my food every time I watch the server rush back to the kitchen. I can only imagine the cleanliness level of the cooks.
4	Pho was delicious.  The rare beef was excellent, the brisket (fully cooked beef) had just the right amount of fat and was cut very thin.  There was a good proportion of beef to the soup, and at 7$ it was amazingly inexpensive.  The taste of the Pho rivals any restaurant I have eaten Pho at.  It's not an impressive place, more of a coffee shop atmosphere, I'm pretty sure the server was the son of the owner and he was filling in on a non-school day, it took a very long time to get my Viet Coffee (he forgot) but the Pho made up for any little serving issues.Looking for amazing Pho at a cafe price?  Go to Da Lat!
5	I came to Da Lat and food was great and so was service waitress was very attentive loved the charbroiled ribs i got, comes in 2nd to pho Ha in Pomona, Ca., but when ur in Vegas its a MUST!!!!!!! Will be coming back on my next visit.
4	Came here for breakfast before we departed Las Vegas!I was craving for some pho and that's what I got. I AM really GLAD they have sate for pho (spicy sauce). Most pho places don't have sate that just dissipates in your bowl. Makes my pho all red, spicy and deeeeelish! The server doesn't quite understand Vietnamese so he brought me onions instead of hanh dam (vinegared onions)...oh well. Can't win everywhere!Large bowl of pho was $7 bucks! A great deal in Vegas. My other friends bought the banh canh and bun bo hue which came out to about $8.50 a bowl. I would pass on that because I can find it for much cheaper AND better back in OC. But the pho and sate?! You have to try it while you're out there in Vegas.Service was great and pleasant. Servers were really nice and made sure we had all the appropriate accommodations.To get to the restroom, you'll have to go to the back of the restaurant....yeah pretty weird, but they're trying! Wait till they expand, which I think might be a possibility! :)
4	Im so glad we yelped this place before we left Vegas. We were all pretty much grungy but so were the rest of the people there.. haha. Im sure the owners know why.. it is like five mins away from the strip.. Anyways! Super friendly owner lady!! She was willing to give us more of other things cuz none of us wanted meatballs. Yay! even though she forgot and messed up my friend's order.. Tasted "authentic." I put that in quotes because I'm not sure what authentic pho tastes like really but it was different from the regular Korean owned places I'm used to. In any case, even though I prefer Korean owned places I thoroughly enjoyed the pho here. It may have been cuz I was slightly hungover.. but still.. when else would you come here right? (As a non Las Vegas resident). :)) The only thing I was a little errrr about was the fact that you have to walk pass the kitchen to get to the bathroom. Eek. I don't like that.. :((
3	Too much MSG, that pretty much sum it up. A friend and I ordered Pho and a noddle soup along with some chicken wings. The soups were tasty and a little bit on a sweet side, and you can definitely detected MSG taste in the broth. The chicken wings were a little bit salty when eating by itself, it would be great if there's some veggie to munch along with it. By the time I was done eating, I got headache and my mouth dried up, which confirmed the MSG suspicion. The headache lasted through the next morning. I can handle a little MSG, but not when they use lot lot lot of it. The restaurant itself is clean and people working there are very friendly. The parents run the kitchen and the daughter works up front. She was very friendly and attentive, which is a huge plus. Overall, if (a lot of) MSG doesn't bother you, this place can give you tasty (MSG makes everything tastes better) food. Another options would be trying their rice or dried noodle (bun thit nuong) dishes, which I will do. Will provide update after I try it.
5	The best pho in town! Been getting my hangover cure here for a very long time! Than, the sweet cashier girl is always so nice and remebers you everytime! My favorites are:Shrimp chips and spring rolls as an ap.Large rare beef pho, beef on side and extra limes.yummmmmmmmy!
2	If I was rating this place for how sweet the girl that works here was...then I would give this place 5 stars. Unfortunately, though, the food did disappoint a good bit.The iced coffee was standard fare, rather large (which was great) but it wasn't made at the table, which always makes me sad.The spring rolls were alright, but the peanut sauce was sickly looking and the fish sauce had nothing swimming in it. So sad...The pho itself was decent. Nothing that stood out about it or not. The sizing was very reasonable and there was plenty of meat for my pho tai.
2	Small Pho $6.50Large Pho $7.00Eggrolls $4.50 to $5.25 ?? READ 5th Paragraph.  We walked into Da Lat hungry and had a major craving for Pho! We were greeted with a smile, and seated right away. The server was really nice. We ordered 3 Small Combo Beef Special Pho, 1 Large Brisket Pho, and Eggrolls as an appetizer.The eggrolls arrived and there was nothing special. The eggrolls just came with lettuce. There were no mints, pickled carrots/radishes, and cilantro. I was extremely disappointed. But, I was super hungry and ate it anyway.The Pho is just OKAY. I added a bunch of sauce to make my Pho taste just right. There was plenty of meat and it filled me up.The Bill came and I saw the Eggrolls were charged at $5.25. On the menu, the price was $3.50. I asked the waitress about the price, and she said it cost extra for lettuce. I was kind of annoyed that she didn't let me know ahead of time. Therefore, this incident ruined my experience at Da Lat and I won't be going back. Sorry! After I found out, lettuce was extra. I made sure using my credit card didn't cost extra just in case I was SURPRISED again. I don't care I got charged 75 cents. I just thought it wasn't right for her not to let me know I was going to get charged while I was placing my order.
5	Another successful Yelp find and another pho place to add to my list.Da Lat is a no frills Vietnamese restaurant. The decor is sparse to non-existent. As soon as you enter, you are welcomed and directed to a table. Tony T is right - there is only room in there for about 34 people (I counted the chairs). The service is very quick. I always go for the combination pho whenever I'm at a new Vietnamese place. The lady brought out my water quickly, took my order quickly, and before I knew it, my bowl of pho arrived at my table.The first thing I noticed was that the soup was piping hot. I went straight in and tried the broth before adding any hot sauce. It was bursting with flavor and felt very full-bodied (for lack of a better term). I like how they have the homemade chili sauce as opposed to just Sriracha. I put in a spoonful of that and went to town. My T is right. In addition to being piping hot, the soup has a certain oiliness to it and this was also evident in some of the meat. It's something that I neither loved nor hated. It was just there. I did enjoy the pieces of tendon and the tripe. The tendon was very, dare I say, tender.Overall, it was a highly enjoyable bowl of pho. I rank it towards the top on the list of places I've tried in Vegas. Based on the soup, the quick and friendly service, and the place's simple charm, I'm inclined to give it 4.5 stars and generously round that up to 5.
5	I really loved my bowl of pho here.  The noodles are so fresh and delicious. The texture is just as it should be... delicately chewy, and not at all sticking together in a clump like lots of other places. The rare beef in my pho was silky and melted in my mouth.  The servers were also really friendly and attentive. And the restaurant was nice and clean.  They had a really big menu with pictures of each menu item which really helped.  Everything looked delicious.  Very pleasant experience.  I will definitely come here again the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Just sooooooo good!!! Service is great. Just perfect.  :) :) :) :) :D
3	Da Lat Restaurant is located in a small plaza and the restaurant itself it relatively small as well. Da Lat offers a variety of vietnamese food, but we found it to be great. I ordered "Banh hoi thit nuong" which is a vermicelli pads with meat and the portion was small with lots of meat. I didn't felt full until I started finishing up the leftover meat. Pho had a good review from my boyfriend and the Bo Luc Lac (Rice with cube-shaped beef) was just average according to my sister. If you want a variety of vietnamese dishes and don't mind the small restaurant, give it a try! I found my portion of my order to be small, so don't be surprised. Also, the bathroom is located in the back which you get a preview of how they run their kitchen.
4	After a hard weekend of clubbing, drama, barfing, crying, yelling, barfing, and more barfing, some girls in our group decided we needed to finish off our weekend in Vegas with pho.  We had a long drive to look forward to so right before check-out, we Yelp'd the closest pho spots OFF the strip.  That is how we found ourselves at Da Lat.  It's a small spot in a strip mall past the Palms.  It looks like it's a family operation and it did take a little while for our food to come out.  No real complaints though bc it did it's job.  I ordered the large pho tai and it was tasty and filled me up.  I think we all felt rejuvenated after a meal that didn't cost an arm and a leg in Vegas.  If I were to return to Vegas (not for a LONG LONG time I hope), I'll most likely visit Da Lat again.
4	Came here on a whim this weekend away in Vegas. We had a serious craving for pho to soothe our souls. Decided to try this place because of the reviews. It was pretty good. We ordered the beef combination pho which had every meat on the pho menu swimming in the yummy broth. We were kind of in a rush because we had to make it to a pool party so I didn't really get to sit and enjoy it for as long as I would have liked to. The spring rolls were really good too. They have some of the rare beef and shrimp rolled up in them served with that amazing peanut sauce I love so much. Only gripe, they didn't bring out raw onions with pho. Should have tried asking but my boyfriend told me to spare the people at the pool party dragonbreath from the onions.Its not on spring mountain road like all the other asian restaurants. Its worth giving it a try!
3	I live in Garden Grove - right on the border to Westminster. I know that doesn't mean much to you if you're reading this and you're not from Southern California but what it does mean, is that I have access to some really frickin' good Pho places all within a few square miles. Anyway, I'm in Las Vegas for the holiday weekend. My luck, there are passing thunderstorms thru the valley which means I'm in the mood for some type of soup dish. Ramen or Pho. Ramen lost.The place wasn't too bad - small little hole in the wall joint not too far from the strip. Not walking distance but still not that far. The service was OK. The girls, yes plural were friendly enough. Very helpful but forgetful. I had to ask them to remove a Thai Ice Tea that I ordered but never received. They were genuinely apologetic which was nice.The food wasn't too bad either. I ordered the Dac Biet as I like "the works" when I have Pho. The broth was flavorful. The noodles were consistent and the additional ingredients were plentiful. The only thing - the price was more than I'm used to paying for the portion size I was given.All in all an OK experience. I'll have to visit again to see how the rest of their menu holds up to what I'm used to.
5	came here to while while at Vegas, the pho was good, the soup base broth was better then any of the pho places back in SF where im from imo. the soup had a taste that was like honey it was very interesting and good. the waitress was nice and funny. i also orderd a redbull because i was tired and sleep deprived. the waitress was like, REDBULL??? whaa HANGOVER? ....lol
4	One of the best authentic Viet food I've had in a long time. I had Bun Bo hue and it was so good, it had a good amount of spicy. I didn't eat the pig feet though so I wouldn't be able to tell you how that tasted like. The egg rolls were delicious as well, didn't really care for the failed attempt of the garnish though. The place was small, nothing fancy. I thought this pho place was kind of pricey though. Ive been to many Pho  places and I got way more for the price. But my bf and friend were all hungry and we were happy with the food and service.
5	Epic place, feel like home when I am here. the Pho is perfect made the fried rolls too...Service is awesome, if you're having a bad day and just want some damn soup this is the place to be its small but yet the environment is epic. I am always here the Pho is good and hot and I'm telling you service is big plus here with cheery Server and waiter and everything, she does everything. I'm just saying Da Lat is a good local hide out come try it yourself
4	I'm very surprised. The food here is quite decent. Small typical Vietnamese restaurant family owned. Not too far from the strip. It sucks that they closed at 9pm.
3	The spring rolls are really fresh and were my favorite item of the night and at $4, it was definitely a bargain.  I also had the raw beef topped with nuts, salad, and lime juice.  It was ok, but at $6.75 it was a pretty good bargain too.  The last plate I ordered was this shrimp and beef salad and I barely ate it.  First off, this dish did not look appetizing at all!!  I figured maybe it tasted better than it looked, but it turned out to be really bland and extremely lacking any flavor whatsoever.  Moreover, the salad was basically the same salad that was served on top of the raw beef.  I felt like I dished out another $6.75 for a side of more salad.  I would not recommend the salad.The environment is just like any quick service sit down restaurant.  It was well lit, relatively clean, and sorta cramped.  It's not a big restaurant.  Service was friendly enough.  Overall, this place was ok.  I think it's worth paying a visit if you love spring rolls.  I would like to come back and try some of their rice dishes and pho, but until then I still prefer pho kim long as my go to joint for Vietnamese food.
3	FYI, Chuck Liddell fans, he likes Da Lat. Random!I was in the neighborhood, cravin' some pho, so I decided to give Da Lat a try. It's in a small, clean spot located in a nondescript strip mall adjacent to the Palms.  The menu, unfortunately, wasn't that exciting --there are some broken rice, vermicelli, and seafood dishes, but nothing too unique.  Their pho options are good, chicken and shrimp were an option that I've rarely seen.  However, the broth wasn't as flavorful as I like--it lacked spice and oomph.  The bean sprouts, herbs, lime, and jalapeno, however, seemed really fresh, which was great.We also ordered egg rolls with lettuce, which were "blah."  The lettuce that came with the rolls was fresh but I wouldn't recommend ordering this particular dish.Also, while eating, Chuck Liddell (UFC, if ya don't know) walked in and took a seat.  I always imagined UFC fighters eating plates of raw meat for instead of spring rolls with jicama. Apparently he likes reasonably-priced Vietnamese food, just like the rest of us.
5	Good service and good food. Happily surprised.
4	Da Lat is and exceptional Vietnamese restaurant run by a very kind family with and extensive and authentic menu and kind understated service. We enjoyed a huge lunch here on a recent trip to Vegas in late September. The Pho here is the star, and rightly so, with most people opting for it, but I was equally impressed with the wide menu of regional dishes from Vietnam. Whomever cooks here is very gifted and it's easy to see why this place was packed at lunch on a week day.We enjoyed the following:Appetizers:Fried Egg Rolls - Hot, Crispy, filled w/ Shredded Pork. Served w/ a side of Fish sauce.Entrees:Banh Xeo (Half Moon Crepe) - Vietnamese Crepe filled w/ Shrimp, Beef, Scallions, Bean Sprouts & Fish sauce. On the side it was accompanied by a garnish tray w/ Carrots, Radishes, Thai Basil & Lettuce Wraps to combine all of the ingredients in one mouthful. This was HUGE! I loved everything about it but it was somewhat messy to eat. Pho Dac Biet (Special Beef Combination Soup) - This included Meatball, Tripe, Tendon, Rare & Well Cooked Beef along with Vermicelli Noodles in Beef broth. Served alongside were garnishes of Jalapeno Peppers, Bean Sprouts, Thai Basil & Lime. The flavors were smoky, beefy, and rich. This Pho was absolutlely stellar.Com Bo Cuon Tom (Shrimp Wrapped In Beef) - An elegant and delicous little Vietnamese Surf & Turf combo served w/ steamed White Rice, Cucumbers, Tomatoes & Lettuce.Everything we ordered was at least very, very good while the Pho Dac Biet and Banh Xeo were amazing.  The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is that try as I might I couldn't get past the fact as mentioned in some previous reviews, the floor was really, really dirty! Old food, dust and dirt littered the floors underneath the tables which was hard to miss. Kinda gross even though the tables were very claen and they had and A health Code rating displayed.That being said I would still return to have another bowl of that addictive Pho Dac Biet and to explore this menu in greater detail. I just won't be looking down near my feet at all.
5	best pho ever! i had pho dac biet, soooooo goood!!! we also ordered chicken wings which were pretty good the chicken was nice and plump hehe. I really really really liked their pho soup, it was soo clean and good. It totally hit the spot, you know that "thing" you need to make the super annoying hangover to go away. even though i didnt drink i was with my friends who had the "hangover" which made me feel like I had one, and after my bowl of DEREESHUSS PHO i felt like superwoman again! YUM YUM YUMMMMMM!!!
5	This place was an amazing find -- we were in Vegas for a couple of days, craving Vietnamese food, and gave this joint a whirl based on the good reviews here. Spot on! It's a couple miles off the Strip, in a small strip mall, very unassuming. But it's really some of the best Vietnamese food we've ever had, plus the service was friendly and the prices dirt cheap. Gigantic portions, everything exceptionally fresh. I'd say if you're wanting Vietnamese like we were and you're within 25 miles of Vegas, this place is well worth the trip.
2	I am a huge fan of Vietnamese food, so we decided to look up a place to go on Yelp while we were in Vegas.  I thought with the amount of Vietnamese Restaurants in Vegas, there would be a really great one!Well, sorry to say.... this is NOT it.  I don't understand where all the great reviews came from, but I thought the food here was terrible!  The soup was 'warm' at best, the broth was tasteless, the noodles were a mushy lump in the bottom of the bowl, the meat tasted 'off'', and the service was terrible.  They got our order wrong, and didn't care. Didn't even ask.  We certainly won't go back.  I had an upset stomach all day after that place.
5	The food is delicious, the prices low & the service friendly.  5-stars in my book & so far my favorite Viet restaurant in Vegas.
3	The last time I was here I paid $19 for my chicken pho and extra chicken. I asked the waiter is there a mistake. He said chicken is little more expensive because out of season.  Seriously?  WTF.  Make sure check the price when u guys order. They might add a tourist fee on your bill.
5	So good ... but portion ... ehh ok ...
5	They were very busy when I stopped by to try this place out with family. The food was very good and the service was friendly and very accommodating. I asked for a fried egg on my BBQ pork rice dish and asked to have it without peanuts. They have a wide variety on their and we ordered diversely. Everyone's order came out perfect. My mom even called after to see if my dad had left a scarf there and they were really nice about it. My dad found his scarf in the car. I highly recommend this little restaurant and will definitely repeat next time I'm in Vegas. I went to a comparable Viet restaurant nearby with less on their menu and had a terrible experience. Da Lat rocks!
4	The oho was great. My one criteria for good pho is the soup. A second criteria is the quality of hte meat and on both counts they came up 4 stars. The egg rolls were also great.  The Vietnamese coffee however was not drip coffee and came without the condensed milk. Overall still worth a visit when in Vegas.
3	Da Lat is a relatively small restaurant, but it did not disappoint. I tried their pho while my friend ordered bun bo hue. My friend was skeptical to try Vietnamese food again because she had a bad experience with it in the past, but she was pleasantly surprised. I enjoyed this place compared to other Vietnamese restaurants because the vegetables were very fresh and not wilted. The servers were also very sweet and kind. Overall, I am pleased with my visit here, and I will be returning!
4	After two days of reception food at CES, my body craved the restorative properties of a bowl of pho. I drove past Da Lat and had to double back--I assumed it was in Chinatown but it's much closer to the Strip, right past the budget casinos. That's good news if you should happen to be in a cab.I asked for extra jalapenos as usual but didn't need them--the broth was plenty spicy and kicked my butt. Some greens and sliced scallions were floating in there, nice quality meat if a bit stingy. Only real complaint was, unusual for a pho place, not enough broth! But that's ok, I lived through it and will return next time I am in Vegas and need pho.
4	Came back and brought my friends.. they are happy! they like the Bun Bo Hue!!Thanks again! =)
4	My bf and I came over when we were visiting Las Vegas. We got hooked first by the name (you could kinda tell if they wanna keep the name authentic), and later the food. We ate here the first day and came back the last we were in Vegas. My bf loved the rice dish and ordered the same dish for the 2nd visit. Mind you, he had been craving rice dish since his last visit to San Jose. And yeah, he was so satisfied that he had to take a nap after eating here before we could get going...I ordered Bun Bo Hue and the broth was good. Tasted a bit stronger than most places I've been too.This is a 4 1/2 star. Would give this another 1/2 if the boy waiting on us could give us a few mins to look at the menu instead of asking what we want to order the second he sat us down. And the music... too bad it wasn't my taste.
5	This place was great!!!  The stock is amazing and they give you a lot of meat. I ordered the Raw meat pho.  The service was great since I'm use to the waiters not being so friendly at these types of places.  It was clean. I will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas and need a cure for my hangover.
4	Very authentic place.  If you want a super authentic pho place with fresh ingredients and nice service, this is the place for you.  I am pretty forward thinking with my food choices but this was almost too authentic for me.  :)  We definitely wanted to get some spicy soup and we found what we wanted.  The boy got a crab soup and loved it, I ordered a spicy vermacilli beef soup.  I asked what was in the soup and the servers response was "beef."  So I ordered it.  It was extremely flavorful and was spicy and delicious and we were happy.  But it was not just "beef."  I suppose it was mostly beef of sorts...there was a whole beef knuckle bone and several blood cakes and then some pork pate.  It was delicious but the blood cakes were a little bit much for me.  Like I said, delicious, service was nice, if you aren't very adventurous, just get the pho with rare beef :)
5	The owner Quan is extremely nice and helpful. We are white with average experience with Vietnamese food so he made many suggestions .  The mother is the cook and if you do not finish everything her feelings are hurt and you never know, she just might come out and scold you. The pho is great, vermicelli dishes are epic, i cant wait to try more.
3	after reading all the great reviews, we decided to give this place a try. being from orange county, i came here with very low expectations as i know that all the vietnamese restaurants that i am close to at home will not be comparable. first bad impression, service was exceptionally slow. there were three tables when we came in that hadn't receive their food yet. one party actually left because it took THAT LONG! There were two young guys running the show that day and they seemed really lost and flustered. The vietnamese coffee tasted like nestle coffee--it didn't have the strong aromatic taste with savory sweetness that I'm use to. When our bun bo hue and pho sate FINALLY came 30minutes later, we were starving. My pho sate was great and it was much tastier than the bun bo hue (although it wasn't bad either). They also skimped on the veggies. So many asian restaurants are popping up in Vegas--I probably wouldn't come back here unless I'm craving pho sate.
5	Best pho in Vegas! I always crave for a bowl of hot noodles when it's rainy and cold out. Usually when I have pho I go to pho so 1 but there's always a long line and the waiters arent really friendly. Found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try. Ordered a rare beef pho. Generous portion of meat and the soup is very flavorful! My boyfriend ordered a well cooked pho and he loved it as well. Waiters are pretty friendly compared to other Vietnamese restaurant.   Both of us were very full after eating our pho. Will definitely come back and try other dishes!
3	My family loves coming here every time they're in Las Vegas. Their favorite dish is the BBQ Korean ribs with broken rice. I tried and agreed with them. The ribs was tender and flavorful, not salty nor fatty. Definitely, I'd recommend to those who crave for good Vietnamese food if they're in Las Vegas.
5	My gf and I are in Vegas for some R&R and got sick of the Vegas strip food so we yelped a vietnamese restaurant and Da Lat looked like a good spot to hit up.  It looked liked a little hole in the wall and the interior was simple but the food was excellent! Their bo tai chanh is amazing and the price is half of what i paid in SF! I ordered the bun bo hue and it was a major hit! The chef is probably the mom because she brought the bowl to my table.  My gf had the egg rolls to roll up with her vegetables and she enjoyed it. Great place, will definitely hit up Da Lat a couple more time before we head home.
2	Terrible service. Food was barely OK.
5	Coming from California, I have REALLLLY high expectations for pho. This is especially true when you wake up in Vegas with a pounding headache due to high levels of alcohol consumption the night before.Looked up the nearest pho place from the strip on my phone and wah-lah! We arrived at Da Lat.Hands down, best pho I have had. And this is coming from someone who lives twenty minutes away from Westminster. Service was great. Food was great. I'll definitely be returning if I'm in Vegas.
4	So here I was in Vegas... lost in a sea of over-priced celebrity chef restaurants and stuff yourself silly buffets. So I was really craving something different. I know that downtown has a very respectable Chinatown so that got me thinking I wanted authentic Asian.  Da Lat is truly authentic. They are not just a Pho joint.  I had my fave bahn xeo and they had frog legs (pass),5 flavors of beef and bun pork leg - which I really wanted to try. Next time. Their Pho stock is my perfect balance of salt, anise, marrow. It was worth the 6 mile walk from Mandalay Bay. And, the family that owns it is very friendly. Next time when I'm staying by the strip, I'll cab it.
4	Once you get over the fact that the service is more or less non-existent in this place (10 minutes til a server even stopped by our table; difficult to get someone to bring glasses of water to the table, even more difficult to get them to refill it; impossible to flag a single waiter down when you need to ask for something..anything)... the food is actually surprisingly good. I had the Bun Bo Hue which was really tasty. Only wish it was slightly spicier. Friends all ordered the rare steak pho, and they all seemed to thoroughly enjoy it judging from their empty pho bowls by the end of the meal. So for a post-apocalyptic-Vegas hangover cure, Da Lat certainly has a satisfying remedy.
5	This is TRUE vietnamese food. This is an underground place that has food that is definitely a winner. The staff are extremely sweet =)
4	Came here for a late lunch around 4it was not too busy so we got seated quicklyOrdered pho combo beef was good, tendon was good, soupe was hot ordered bo tai jun it was tasty!!only thing was serving was a little small but its cool keeps you from getting fat!!Service was goodI'll be back!!!!!!!!!
4	After a weekend in Vegas, we decided to cap off the weekend with some Vietnamese food since we were craving it and also to nurse some hangovers. Between 3 guys we ordered the following:1. Pho Dac Biet2. Bo Tai Chanh3. Goi Cuon4. Com Dac Biet5. Pho Ga Slight over-ordering? Nah, not at all - YOLO!Both varieties of pho were good. We asked for some ginger sauce for the pho ga, which made the dish super delicious.  The broth for the regular pho was surprisingly really good.  The bo tai chanh, goi cuon and com dac biet were decent but nothing to write home about. All in all, a good dining experience.If you're looking to cure your inevitable hangover from the chaos from Las Vegas, I'd definitely recommend Da Lat.On a side note: The waiter recommended the Bun Bo Hue  - I'll definitely try this next time.
3	We went by Yelp's recommendations and shared one bowl of Bun Bo Hue and a side of 2 spring rolls.The broth was delicious! I was expecting to add a ton of hoisin sauce as I always do, but ended up finding that the soup didn't even need extra flavoring. The soup came with pieces of liver, some weird fish tofu meat (which I later found out to be congealed FISH BLOOD), a meatless oxtail, and two pieces of beef shank. Looking back, I should've ordered a pho. We only ended up eating the shank and noodles. Somewhere between finding this restaurant on Yelp and ordering our food, we missed the memo about the suspicious meat.The spring rolls were very fresh and the peanut sauce is one of the best I ever had.Total order came out to exactly $16 including tax and tip. We probably would come back to try out their pho next time.
5	Da Lat is one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas. All the food I've tried here has been fantastic. I love the rare beef pho, consistently fresh and delicious. The service is fast and friendly. Highly recommend the pho!
4	This is by far... my favorite pho-What's better is that I don't have to travel all the way to Spring Mt. for this little hole in the wall gem of a pho place! We started with the spring rolls... which were huge!  You get the typical 2 pieces cut in half and each piece was the size of a full piece you would normally get at other places.   .. they were fresh and super good.Me and my husband decided that we should each order something different to share... and my choice was the Bang canh seafood I think it was... with extra cilantro... they did not skimp on the fillings.  There was plenty of seafood and just the right amount of noodles.  The broth was delicious, and the best part was I didn't to add so much to get flavor.  The broth was full of flavor!  I also did not leave feeling like I needed to be rolled out because I had to add so much crap to my soup!   His choice was the hong kong crispy noodles type.  Don't remember the name of the dish at Da Lat, but it was large and delicious!  Aside from soup my son got the bbq pork rice plate which was a good portioned meal.   My daughter a typical beef meatball pho with shrimp-  which she enjoyed.  When it gets cold again and we need our pho fix, we will definitely be coming here more often.  It's a small place with very minimal seating.  It says it's open late, but late I think is a little before 2 am... maybe even earlier.
4	It's a family owned and run restaurant. So the food is really good and savory. We had the egg rolls and beef pho with rice noodles &  beef pho with chicken and egg noodles. We ordered One more pho and another order of egg rolls plus 4 sodas our total bill was 36.00 not bad and food was well worth it. Don't expect much for decor or tables it is a really small restaurant. It was pretty busy for the one guy running the front of the house. There is a bit of a wait for the food which is really unexpected for pho but the wait was well worth it.
2	I was lured here by all the extraordinary reviews this place got from fellow yelpers. In my opinion this IS friggin NOT the BEST pho in Vegas..Cmon now fellow Yelpers,I look to you guys with blind faith to give me the inside scoop and head's up about the best places to try or worse places to avoid. This place falls somewhere in the middle ground.First off the pho is Meh ok. definately not the "Best pho I've had in Vegas!" as some yelpers write and also the restaurant itself is pretty "ghetto" for lack of a better word. Pretty small restaurant and the big question is "Does this place even have a Restroom?" Uhh, what's up with that? I could not locate one at all! I had to wait till I got out of the place to find one..  the first in my books.I did give this place 2 stars because it does have free wi-fi available to its customers. (Password = vietnamese) If you don't want to ask. And another star because it wasn't the WORSE pho i've tried in the area.Mehhh..
1	Food is horrible here!!!! The meat in their com bo luc lac are super salty and the meat itself did not look like your typical cubed beef, but instead it is the thin sliced beef that are used in pho. It came with 2 pieces of lettuce that's about 2x3inches. I should have taken a pix! Their banh hoi tom cuon came with nothing but a plate full of old veggies and mints and maybe 8 pieces of banh hoi, 4 shrimps, and 5 pieces of meat. At a whooping $22 for nasty Vietnamese food.
4	What a great lunch on the way out of Vegas!  This is a very clean pho restaurant, with friendly service and generous portions.  Imperial rolls - Crispy and hot.  Not particularly special, but hit the spot if you are craving egg rolls.Papaya salad - A large plate with lots of shrimp. Not as spicy as I'm used to, but I really enjoyed this as a starter.Combo pho - The broth was very rich and a little bit on the dark side, but very tasty.  The noodles were chewy, and there was a lot of meat in the soup.
2	I think I am spoiled by all the Pho places in LA and OC. The pho here was fine but very skimpy with the meat and veggies to add to the bowl. I ordered the combination bowl which is suppose to be comprised of 5 different meats. There was 1 piece of tendon in the bowl and no tripe. Not really a combination. Pretty sure it was suppose to include tripe. If this is the best pho in vegas then the pho offerings in vegas are pretty sad. I've never paid $7.50 for a bowl of pho. And all pho places I have been to offer large and small bowls. Not here, they only offer one size. I dont go to vegas often but I dont think I would return.
2	wow, this place does not make good Bun Bo Hue, I try Bun Bo Hue everywhere I go, and this place doesn't even make it to average level...a bit on the expensive side for mediocre Vietnamese food, and their boba drink is $4.50, WTH.....Hubby ordered Vermicelli with eggroll and pork, he asked for substitution, but they wanted to charge $1 extra, I thought chicken were cheaper than pork.....
4	Great cheap food in the Vegas area within walking distance from the Palms Place and the Palms Hotel.. The food is authentic but the service is quite slow as they are short staffed at this restaurant.. There are only about 8-10 tables so it's not a very big place but it's never really packed so you get seated right away.. I'm used to getting my pho within 5 minutes of ordering but this place takes forever! The only reason we returned again and again was because it tasted great.. The waiter has a bit of a language barrier so communication is a little difficult but for the most part we were able to let him know what we wanted after a few tries.. He was very accommodating when it came to our multiple requests for extra cilantro, lime, and bean sprout.. Everyone loved their food during the three times that we dined here this past week and we would return again for sure!
3	I was in Vegas celebrating a bachelorette party, and the girls were pretty hungover the next morning. So back in San Diego, we always went to a Pho place because Pho is the best hangover food ever. This place is decent. kind of expensive for decent quality food. It took them forever to bring out the food and the service was not very friendly. Overall this place is alright if you can not find any other Pho place that is better.
2	What I want to know is WHERE IN THE HELL are the old owners??? This USED to be the best Pho in Vegas, but since the new owners came in sometime ago, they lost that title. Service wasn't attentive, but not terrible. The texture of the chicken in my pho ga was similar to jerky. i am still on the quest to find where the old owners of Da Lat went. I think it was somewhere on the east side. If anybody knows, PLEASE contact me! I need the quality of old school Da Lat.
1	would give this place negative infinity if i could. decided to give this place another shot and still kicking myself in the behind for it. my family of four came in, the restaurant full. The waiter at the counter ignored me, so i went up to tell him that i needed a table for four. we waited 15 minutes, another party of 3 comes in. after one table leaves, they wait FOREVER to clear the table, but the waiter was going to seat the party of 3 first before my family! NO YOU DON'T! Needless to say, I got my table. We sat down and I told the waitress that we didn't need the menu as we already know what we want. She replies, "you still have to wait", and walks away. 10minutes later, she comes back to take our order. So it took 20minutes for two pho sate and one mien ga (clear noodle chicken soup) to come. It took 30 minutes for a pho combination to come!!!! I've NEVER waited more than 10minutes for a pho. The porportions have shrunk, the food saltier and more oily. Found some bugs in my soup too.  the chicken in my clear noodle chicken soup was so tough--worst than jerky (like it's been refridgerated for weeks). The mints for the pho were all wilted (like reused veggies),While we were waiting, I was able to witness how inefficient and unsanitary these people were. the waitress at the counter (the same who took our order) was preparing ice water--She actually stuck her entire hand into a pitcher of water to remove a big junk of ice. Then when she poured some ice on the counter, she picked it up with her hands and placed it back into the pitcher. GROSS! Then we witnessed a mother and son party come in, they waited 15minutes, but instead of sitting them when a table was ready, they sat a table of 3 that just came in. The mother and son approached them and all they said was sorry, can you wait a little longer??? When she got piss and left, they just smiled and said, "have a nice day". Idiots!Is it so hard to have a waiting list? They had plenty of cooks in the kitchen, why did it take forever for the food to come (it's not even cuisine food!) The food has declined drastically and the portion shrunken, not to mention how unsanitary things are. The service is SLOWER than before--there is absolutely no organization. This place needs new management. Fortunately I will never be back to see that day.
5	Great place to eat, prices are decent, and the food is superb. Definitely come back. The staffs are also really nice and polite. and the business hours are also great. Its PHO-tastic ahahah, I like theyre litte puns.
5	We had the combination Pho and the lemongrass chicken. 5* it was just excellent! We will def come back :)
1	The waitress seem too busy to assist our group. Even though there was my group n one other . So I end up.leaving .
2	decent broth, left me a stomach ache later that day.
3	I am a pho-natic (cough cough), and though we stumbled into this place kind of by accident, I'm sure glad we did!  It's in a strange sort of plaza, but the broth was really really good.  The summer rolls are decent, and the meat portions, while not HUGE, are also not stingy.  Overall, for the price, I'd say this place is worth a try.  They don't give you a huge plate of vegetables, but if you ask for more, they happily oblige.**One kind of unsanitary thing is that you have to walk through the kitchen to get to the bathroom.  Yech.
4	We stopped by here on our way home from Vegas. I think one of the things this place has going for it are its late hours and good pho (which is the best post-drinking faire, in my opinion).The broth is well made, albiet a bit greasy, and the meat is tender. All pluses in my book!P.S. The boba in this place is a bit stale (hard rather than chewy), so if you're opting for a smoothie or a tea, nix the boba.
1	Let's get something quick to eat, yeah? OKAY!Pho is supposed to be fast. Just ladle that soup broth over the noodles and meat and you're fricking done. Right? NO, NOT HERE.My friend ordered spring rolls, which were 2 tiny rolls cut in half. That took a good 40 minutes to make. (BTW, there were barely any other customers, so it's not like they were busy making other food!)The rest of us ordered pho, which took nearly an hour for it to come out. We would've bounced the fuck outta there if we didn't feel so bad for doing so. So we just stayed because we were hungry and waited that long already.When we finally got our food, it wasn't even that good! The broth was piping hot, which was nice...but that's probably what they were doing this whole time...boiling the soup. My friend mentioned that they "forgot the flavor." Yup, the broth had little to no flavor. Plus, my rare steak tasted sour, which meant it was probably old and should not be eaten!People who have rated this restaurant anything better than 2 stars have not eaten GOOD pho before. Also, if you were drunk/hungover when you ate here, I'll excuse you because of the lack of judgment.Lesson to be learned: Don't eat pho in Vegas!
3	Decent off the strip pho if you just happen to have a car at your hotel and you need something to bring you back to life.
5	Great Food!!! The meat on rice plate is good and Bun bo hue is great!!!
5	Tasty and flavorful! I often just order on the website menu and pickup the food in 20 minutes to save time and energy.  I recommend the beef spare ribs and the beef stew noodle soup.  Pretty good family owned place
5	Great Bun Bo Hue, good on cold day....spicy soup. Rice plate with pork is very good, love the way they marinate the meat so flavorful !!!
3	Pretty juicy vietnamese restaurant In LVI didn't order Pho so my review is based on the rice dish which I thought was pretty good. Price was decent. Service was decent. Drink was not good. The bathroom goes in back of the kitchen which I think is gross since you see all the kitchen mess. But the food itself is pretty clean and flavorful and a good stop for a hangover. I wouldn't mind coming back here again when I'm in Vegas. It's definitely better than a lot of the Vegas Pho joints and cheaper too.
5	Bun Bo Hue: AwesomeCrab Noodle Soup: Really awesome, and rare! I've never seen this at a Vietnamese Pho place! The broth was amazing, and you will love this.Pho: Above averageBeef Stew: Very thick broth, so be ready. It's good, though!
4	Since pho 8 is closed, we decided to give Da Lat a try. Da Lat is a hidden gem on Flamingo Rd; very close to Palms hotel. They seem like a family owned business. The Chef spoke fluent English, Chinese, and Viet! Unfortunately the waitress  spoke limited english but still understandable. She tries hard to help; very nice lady. Check-in thru yelp to get your free egg rolls!!! or Text to get $1 off your order. We ordered the egg rolls of course, special combination pho, and bun rieu. Both soup were very flavorful. Love their bun rieu, they don't put pork blood in them and that's how i like it. They give you huge portion, which I can't finish. I think I've found myself a new fav in SinCity.
5	I found my new go-to place for Pho when in Vegas. I had the Crab Noodle Soup, and it was great! I've never seen that dish at other restaurants so I had to try it, and I was not disappointed. The waiter was super friendly even at 2AM, and explained to us the differences between all the soups, including the background and where in Vietnam it came from. All of my friends were happy with their food. Look nowhere else for good quality Pho, Crab Noodle Soup, and Bun Bo Hue!He also lets you go to the mini mart and get beer to drink there. :)
5	great price and close to the strip! and definitely the best hangover food ever!!!
3	I'm from out of town and came on a really cold day craving some pho! This place had good reviews compared w/ other Vegas pho places nearby and I was not going to try the supposed "pho" in some of the fancier Vegas strip places. It was really crowded in this tiny restaurant and there were several tables not cleaned off yet. The poor cashier/waitress was overwhelmed and had to go back twice to ask for help out front. No biggie, I'm pretty chill. The girl was super friendly though and I was able to use my Yelp offer for two eggrolls. The eggrolls were hot and delicious. I got pho with rare beef (pho tai) as my main dish. It didn't take that long to come out and tasted pretty good. Seemed to be a lot of soup and not as much noodles as I would like though. The beef quality was pretty ok. The bean sprouts, mint, etc. were a bit sparse. Compared to other places (I'm from SoCal so I have eaten at lots of pho places), for what I got and location/look of the restaurant, I'd say this place was priced about $1-2 too high for their dishes. The bowl of pho I got was super basic and was $7. However, they did have $1 off offer w/ a text so that was cool too. It was a basic place for very basic pho. I may or may not return in the future when I'm in town depending on what else I can find.
5	I live in CA, and this restaurant is really one of the biggest reason I go to LV.  Everytime we're here, we try to eat at this restaurant at least once a day.  This is the only restaurant that both my mom and me agree on have really good food.  We've eaten a good number of items on the menu and every single item every time have been superb.My special favorite is how they grill the meat and shrimp to perfection where the fat melt off just enough and is slightly crunchy to the tongue and yet is completely tender that you can just bite if off without really needing a steak knife.The staff are always friendly and helpful, and their prices are incredible.  For just an extra dollar or two you can get tasty high qualify restaurant prepared food here compared to how much you would have to pay for a combo meal at any fast food chains.Out of every single restaurant of every type that I've eaten at, this is my favorite one and eating here is the biggest thing I look forward to whenever I go to Vegas.
4	DA LAAAAAAAT!!! Pho bomb pho sure!Hahahahaha the signage in this place is amazing. You'll crap your pants, I kid you not. Aside from that, the food is great. My Vietnamese friends say that this place is the best in town actually, and it's still relatively undiscovered by the masses. I give this place high marks because they serve tripe and are open until 4:00am. If you wanna be "in the scene" and are trying to "hang out" while you eat -- keep going to Pho Kim Long for late night pho. If you care about better and cheaper food, DA LAT should be your new #1 spot.
2	I've heard good things and hoped we had a new place to add into our late night eats but I'm gonna skip out. We ordered: Free eggrolls with check - in (2 of them) was pretty tasty. They don't give you herbs and all that like a full order but give you a lettuce leaf for each which was nice since I prefer cha gio with greens. Pho with rare steak and beef ball - they ended up giving us brisket, not rare steak and beef ball was like a beef ball, cut up into small pieces. The broth was just okay, the noodles a bit too soft for me as my chop sticks were breaking them too easily, well done brisket is okay for me, but the BF least favorite thing so he just ate noodles and I ate some of the meat. BBQ pork rice with casserole and shredded pork - they ended up giving me BBQ pork with eggrolls and shrimp instead. It was decent seasoning on the pork and eggrolls are good  Since we got the free eggrolls though it was redundant in a way. The food took a long while to get to the table and then it was wrong. I was tired so I did not want to send it back. Service was okay. It was weird in ways like she kept trying to give the BF room temperature water because he ordered hot tea, but she gave me ice water. I kinda get her though process, but other than that odd attentive detail service wasn't attentive as we would like on top of the kitchen not paying attention at all to the order. We ordered with the name and the number and I point to menus by habit so that it is not written wrong so I don't think it was a issue of being heard wrong unless the server of course really is a ree and still didn't write it right. Just a note that there is not a "public restroom". I guess maybe you can use their restroom inside the kitchen? Maybe?.... I didn't know places were allowed to be restaurants without bathrooms that are accessible to guests. I like to eat eggrolls with hands and wrap lettuce, I had to cut it up and it was hard to shred my basil with a fork because I couldn't wash my hands. It's a irritating experience with average food. I will go back to my regular late night pho spot.(Yelp 100 Challenge 16/100)
3	DUH! After a night in Vegas you only need pho because thats the best hungover food for you and they have a sign inside to say so!If you check in they give you free egg rolls which were really good because they use real meat instead of cabbage.  The waiter was really sweet! I had some pho that was peanut butter-y or thick, I really don't know what I ordered.  I should have not gone outside the traditional pho, so my bad.  But the portions were huge with tons of meat!
5	So good!
3	I loved their sign. Pho is the best hangover cure. But nothing special about this pho. Hits the spot after a crazy night on the Vegas strip but was a standard bowl of pho. I loved the checkin tip to get free eggrolls though. Another interesting tip is that you have to go through the kitchen to get to the bathroom. Glad they have nothing to hide I suppose...
4	Pretty good! And another great late-night option for the eats. My wife and stopped by after most everything else was closed. The place isn't too big and is located in a small plaza a bit further away from the strip. We checked-in to get the free eggrolls, I ordered the bun bo hue, and my wife ordered pho tai. The bun bo hue was pretty good - they put a lot of good stuff in it (pork blood, pork leg, flank, etc). My wife thought her pho broth wasn't as flavorful as she's used to. The eggrolls were OK. I also ordered a lemon soda... it wasn't very soda-ey though. My wife noticed the server running around trying to find the ingredients to make it. She said that, at one point, he pulled some Mountain Dew out of the fridge and asked someone in the back (in Mandarin) if he could use that to make it. Apparently, the cooks in the back seemed to understand Mandarin and speak Cantonese. Not sure if Vietnamese is even their first language (there was another Vietnamese couple who had to ask the server "Do you speak Vietnamese?" and proceeded to speak to him in English).I was surprised at the prices - more expensive than the pho places in Irvine! I guess that's the price you pay in Vegas, and for some late-night eateries. They had a sign on the wall saying something along the lines of "Pho...the best food for a hangover" - nice... I think we were hungover from the 15 hour Grand Canyon tour that we had just gotten back from 30 mins earlier. Well, now I know where to go when I'm starving for pho in the middle of the night!
3	Loved the peanut sauce that came with the spring rolls. Good place to grab some pho when you want to avoid the traffic of China Town.
4	Groupon in hand, my fella and I came here after a pretty hard workout. Not in the mood for a sit down meal, we ordered our meals to go. I ordered the combination bun and they packaged i quite nicely. Everything was in it's own little compartment and there was no spillage during our drive home. Bonus points for that. I wish they had given me more hot sauce for my bowl, but was quite happy with all the flavors. The noodles were a nice texture and so was the meat and shrimp. not overcooked and well-seasoned. My fella enjoyed his meal quite a bit too. I'm interested to try more of their menu and am surprised I haven't tried this place before considering it's pretty close to where I live. Service was adequate and attentive. Be sure to check in on Yelp for your free eggrolls.
4	Legit Vietnamese food off the strip. Conveniently located by our hotel Palms. I didn't expect much from this small Vietnamese joint but I was impressed by their tasty pho. I don't know where they get there fresh ingredients being in Vegas.
3	Not the best pho place I've had in town, not the worst either. Good selection and they let us order our food to go, which made was cool. I didn't order a traditional Vietnamese dish, but it was still good. Worth a visit with a coupon. Might try a rice plate next time.
3	I ordered a Vermicelli bowl and it wasn't as tasty as I would have liked.  I had the shrimp and pork combination vermicelli and was disappointed in the pork meat; rubbery, fatty, and not as flavorful as other Pho restuarants.  The shrimp was good, and the side of egg rolls we ordered were fairly large and tasty.  But meat is a big deal and when its rubbery, it rubs me wrong!  But 3 stars for great shrimp, egg rolls, and super tasty broth!
3	Service is a bit slow but bun bo hue is good. Had the egg rolls and they are not good, not worth the calories.Go for the bun bo!!!
2	I walked in after 8 pm on a Saturday night with a $16 Groupon.  They were located in a strip mall on W Flamingo Rd near the Palms Casino in Las Vegas.There were only 2 other parties dining and the rest of the tables were dirty with empty plates.  I sat down at a table for two against the wall.  The server apologized and wiped the table down.  She handed me a menu.I ordered the Beef Short Ribs and the Vietnamese Egg Rolls.  The 4 fried Egg Rolls came out in less than 10 minutes.  There were about 5 large crisp lettuce leaves piled on the plate for garnish.  I ate them with the sauce as a salad.When the server brought out my Beef Short Ribs, she couldn't get to my table due to the customers' chairs back to back and they couldn't scoot in.  The server had to reach over a customer's shoulder and hand me the plate.  I was blocked in both directions.There were about 3-4 strips of thick tender Beef Short Ribs and a big scoop of rice.  The cucumber and tomato garnish were sparse.  I was given a sharp steak knife to cut my meat.  The meat was very good.There were still dirty dishes on tables all around me.  Every time new customers would walk in, the server would move the dirty dishes to another table rather than get the cart and clear the dishes.  One party came in and walked out after not being seated at a clean table.Customers were taking soup spoons off other tables because their suppy on their table was empty.  They were also putting their empty plates on other dirty tables because their plates were not being cleared.I felt sorry for this young girl.  I know she was trying her hardest.  The computer was down and she had trouble verifying my Groupon.  She also had to ring up the bill by hand.  It took over an HOUR to get my bill.  Even when I finally got her attention for the bill, she continued to take new orders and not bring me my bill.This was a very popular place.  They were not hurting for business.  Customers were all speaking their native tongue.  I'm not sure if every one was Vietnamese.  The food was quite good.  The service, or actually lack of service SUCKED!!!I think the bathroom was through the double kitchen doors.  I saw some customers walk in the kitchen and then back to their table.If I did return, I would order Take Out.
2	We came here because we saw how many reviews people were leaving, so we figured, it must be good right?  I think I know why because its conveniently located not too far from the strip.  The people that have left reviews must of came here when they were either done partying, or coming here the morning after.  Pho always tastes good after a good night of partying, so the reviews are mostly for pho. I didn't do pho since it was a hot day, and I like to get my pho from a particular restaurant anyway.  I did the grilled chicken vermicelli and got my 2 cute little egg rolls that came complimentary for checking in on Yelp.  When we walked in, most tables were occupied.  We couldn't sit down right away because the restaurant had lots of dirty dishes still on a lot of the tables.  There was only one server so I had to keep that in mind.  BUT even before we ordered, ate, and left, there was still dirty dishes on the table.  Food was alright.  Nothing that made me say wow.  There are a lot of Vietnamese restaurants in Las Vegas, but I don't think this one will be in my rotation.  Only plus is that it stays open until 4am.  Still, it won't be in my rotation.  I got totally disgusted with the tables not being cleaned right away.
1	Everything is wrong with this restaurant:  service, food, beverage, decor, convenience, etc.  My family came from CA to Las Vegas on spring break, and it happened I bought a Groupon for Da Lat Restaurant, near where the Palms, where we stayed.We thought why not try this restaurant since it had a 4 star rating.  We were wrong !!!  We came in and were seating promptly, but we never had a server again to take our order until 10 minutes later.  We had to flag the server down to take order even though the restaurant was not at all busy.The menu items we wanted to order half was not available.  No coconut !  They sold more than 1000 Groupons, I expected them to be ready for a crowd.  There was another item on the menu that I ordered was not available, but I forgot what it was.  Anyway, we ordered four items:    egg rolls (soaked in old oil), Vietnamese chicken noodle soup ( had a strong sesame taste, which kill the flavor of any chicken), beef noodle soup, which was fine, and a rice dish with pork meatloaf, shredded pork, and charbroiled pork ( never came until half an hour later that we reminded them that we were missing a dish). There were 2 servers  with around 10 tables in the restaurant.  They have to serve, make drinks from scratch, buss tables, bring out the order, etc.  Now when new guests came in I had to tell them that "you have new guests coming in," that was when I knew this restaurant was way unorganized.  I could feel that other guests were disappointed too.  Most guests had to wait so long for order taken.  The decor of this restaurant filled with sceneries from Vietnam, could have filled with lots of photos from Da Lat.  We had to literally walked through the restaurant kitchen to get to the restroom (filled with cleaning chemicals and open electrical outlet).I wished that this restaurant would have run by a Vietnamese family instead of Chinese because the food didn't reflect Vietnamese, at all.
4	Visiting LV and staying at Palms Place, I simply walked 8 minutes to the front door of Da Lat. Definitely a no-frills dining experience, the food was good and the staff was very friendly. I had the combo Bun (which is pho but without the broth - a lot less soupy this way!) and the fresh spring rolls, which were great. Those two things and a soda and it was less than $16. Sure beats any deal I could get for a meal at the Palms! Definitely worth checking out if you're a Vietnamese food fan like me. Plus, they're open til 4AM so they're there when you are!
5	You won't be wowed by the decor...and you have to go through the kitchen to get to the restroom...but the food MORE than makes up for it. I got the vermicelli combo (beef, shrimp, noodles and veggie roll). My girlfriend got the pho. I personally think mine was better! The fish sauce on the table only made it better. This will be my spot when coming to Vegas from now on!
4	I've avoided trying pho in Las Vegas for a long time after two less-than-stellar experiences. However, with my mom in town and a Groupon conveniently available, I felt that this was the right occasion. So was the third time the charm?No, but it was probably the best pho I've had around here yet. It still doesn't quite measure up to San Jose or SoCal, but it was pretty satisfying. They even provided ample amounts of the Asian basil, sliced lime, and bean sprouts that you'd expect. The broth was heavy on the anise though.However, I did experience some of the service issues that are prevalent in other reviews. For one, the lady in front didn't move to take our order or otherwise mention that we might have to wait or walk up to the register. I went ahead and did the latter. The subsequent wait for the food felt pretty lengthy - maybe in the vicinity of 15 minutes? To be fair, apparently they were filling some sort of giant to-go order in the back before we had arrived, but they've gotta be able to churn out pho faster if that's one of their mainstays.Other than that, $12 was pretty darn pricey for my large (xe lua) bowl. But I guess they're all overpriced around here, and this is a reasonable quick fix for a homesick California boy.
5	It takes big balls to have a bathroom through your kitchen!  Check it out!Pros:The place is super cleankitchen well maintained! Prices are great! Food is not greasy and good tasting. Good parking, great convenient location. Very pleasant inside.Cons:listen if you are a bitchy negative person, like some folks who gave it a 1 star, you can always find something wrong with everything around you.  Bring a positive minded spirit back to the restaurant and you'll give it 5 stars. or maybe you just had a bad day...
4	Ok, I am upping a few stars. I wasnt feeling well the other night and my wonderful honey went and got me my medicine (the cure all we all know as pho). I ordered Pho Ga for take out and it was tasty. I cannot comment on the service or speed, just on the taste. The Pho Ga was acceptable and I would order it again, if I ever need Pho that's in the vicinity. They didnt put in the extra lime I requested though, which is a bummer. 3.75 stars- I' m being generous and rounding up today. :)
4	My extended family recently made a trip out to Vegas to celebrate some birthdays. One of the days we were in Vegas, we went to Da Lat for lunch. It's a small spot, so my family (about 30 of us, and yes we're Vietnamese) pretty much took over the entire restaurant. There was only one guy working the front of the restaurant so a couple of my aunts and uncles stepped in to help get us all water and utensils while the one guy took everyone's order. Considering that we filled the restaurant, I think the food didn't take too long to come out. A number of us also checked in on Yelp and he honored the free egg rolls for all of us who checked in. The menu isn't as extensive as the Vietnamese restaurants I'm used to in San Diego. I ended up getting a rice dish and thought it was pretty good. My family and I really appreciated that they accommodated all of us, so although the service may have been a little slow, I think it was expected with such a large group of people. Everyone ate all their food and we're Vietnamese...so that must mean the food is good!
5	One of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants in Las Wegas.  Too bad it's far, it's in between the Palms and the strip.  Great nearby stop for people on the strip that are craving some pho.   I love a pho with nice cuts of meat btw, and this place has just that.  Their beef short rib and their mango salad are money as well.Open late, staff is VERY friendly.  I will be back!
3	During my grandmother's visit to Las Vegas, she requested to have Pho for dinner one night.  I asked my cousin for a great recommendation and she suggested this place.  I knew this place was close to Marbella where I've visited before.  Since we were downtown, this seemed like a good choice. The place is a small, cozy location.  Two columns of tables, no more than 4 rows of tables deep.  There are laminated pictures of the menu and other pictures on the wall, made it seem very cheap.  There's a server stand in the back, however, it seems too high and cluttered.  The server was patient with our family which goes a long way in my books.  She allowed us to bring in alcohol from the nearby liquor store, as long as we had the receipt.  What really turned me off was the bathroom situation.  They directed me to the back of the kitchen.  You literally had to walk through the kitchen, while the cooks were preparing food in order to get to the bathrooms.  What was worst was someone was already in there.  I had to wait outside the bathroom, in the kitchen, with the cook.  OMG.  When I got in, it was cluttered with supplies. Aside from that, here's what we got for our meals:Grilled pork chops for $7.50:  Marinated grilled chops, served with a scoop of rice and tomatoes and cucumbers.  The pork chops were sweet and although the chops were a little on the thin side, it was still juicy.  Special combination beef pho for $7.50:  Beef noodle soup with a combination of beef meatballs, beef slices and tendons.  Served with sprouts and basil on the side.  This soup is super flavorful and they give a lot!  Noodles were soft and plentiful :)As you can see, the food is very inexpensive.  It's actually super flavorful and probably will bring me back if I'm in the area.  I don't necessarily think I would go out of my way to come back.  The first experience I had there was a little bit of a turn off.
4	Da Lat is a great Vietnamese restaurant with reasonable prices.They have decent Pho here, but I actually prefer their rice dishes and Vermicelli here! Some of the freshest and best tasting I have ran into so far!Took my Dad here for lunch, and we tried a few goodies, including the Spicy Lemongrass Chicken :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/da-lat-las-vegas?select=AiTFoRXVYgHmGsAEt1oVxg#AiTFoRXVYgHmGsAEt1oVxgThis was great! Had a nice flavor, although it was not spicy at all. One of the better chicken dishes I've had for a long while!Also tried the Pan Fried Beef Vermicelli :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/da-lat-las-vegas?select=AiTFoRXVYgHmGsAEt1oVxg#tq4B20D1P_uyxWCtkuwdUgYummy! It was a great version of this dish. Hits the spot on a hot day, when Pho seems unbearable at times!We did the Yelp check in for the free egg rolls :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/da-lat-las-vegas?select=K-ubUa-sdOl4iFacqmSf5Q#K-ubUa-sdOl4iFacqmSf5QThey were ok...the server forgot about them actually, but after being reminded, they came out quickly.  I wouldn't recommend paying for them....their spring rolls are much better.Give them a try! The prices are reasonable, and the taste and portions are there!
4	Small little Vietnamese restaurant with a decent menu. I've been here twice and had pho both times. The broth and noodles were good, and they seem to put a lot more meat compared to other places which is a big plus. The veggies that come with the pho are kind of slimy which was the only downside to my meal here. Each time I ate here I tried an appetizer: the 1st time I got wings and the 2nd time I got pork skin spring rolls. I enjoyed both of them, although I would probably recommend the wings over the spring rolls. They also serve specialty drinks such as Thai tea, bubble tea and Vietnamese coffee. I tried the Thai tea this last time I was there and it was perfect. I've had Thai tea that was way too sweet, but this one was made flawlessly.
2	How did this place get 4 stars?I don't think I've ever been so disappointed in a restaurant with 4-star ratings from yelp. The service was okay, but the food--a whole different story.  I was disappointed first because they ran out of banh hoi for what I wanted to order, but that happens--you run out of an ingredient, I guess.  My boyfriend and I ordered their Bun Dac Biet (Special Noodles) and Com Tam Dac Biet (Special Broken Rice Plate. The rice isn't broken and the shrimp is dry from being overcooked. We also ordered a Che 3 Mau (Tri-colored dessert) for each of us (WHAT A BAD IDEA) that ended up being a complete waste of money. Keep in mind that this is a dessert; the coconut milk was NOT sweet and extremely chalky/powdery (meaning it was very old and just sitting there) and the beans were not even sweet either.  The only thing that wasn't premade was probably the shaved ice that sit on top of the cups. After one taste, we didn't touch it the entire time we were there. We had to tell the waiter and then had to talk about how gross it was on the way back home.You could honestly go get Vietnamese food somewhere else in Vegas, for cheaper most likely. Overpriced mediocre food does not deserve another try from me. If you thought this place had great Vietnamese food, you're missing out. Hell, I should have cooked Vietnamese food at home instead of being lazy tonight. :|
4	On a Monday afternoon we ordered Pho (well done beef) and Combination Vermicelli for $3 (Used the $8 Groupon for $16)- Da Lat is a city in the southern part of Vietnam- Dirty tables but friendly service. Go to place for the drunk. Advertised! haha. - Lots of beef with pho! Although, not enough veggies. - Coming from OC, i enjoy seeing diversity in viet restaurants in vegas! lol- Combination special came with eggrolls, pork, and shrimp. - Egg rolls uncooked. Fried at high temperature and raw inside. - Average taste and portion for LV! The deal make it better than some Viet restaurants in OC.
1	food isn't that great. fried rice tasted weird. also ordered the salt and pepper shrimp, shrimp was over cooked. yelp had a special for checking in to get free egg rolls and they said they don't do that anymore. overall I'm not going back here.
3	Followed the Yelp reviews for Vietnamese food in Vegas and headed to Da Lat. We ordered the BBQ pork and shrimp wrap, veggie Pho, Bun Bo Hue, Hainan Chicken, and the Beef Carpaccio salad. The place is small and located in a strip mall. Plenty of parking. We got there around 11:45 am and when we finished the place had people waiting. The raw beef salad was the highlight of the meal. Good portions and flavor.Hainan Chicken was the worst I have ever had, DRY and pre-made then re-heated. The veggie Pho was OK, veggies were imitation crab meat, broccoli, carrots and cabbage.The Bun Bo Hue was bland, but had lots of toppings such as sliced beef, blood cake, pork hocks and noodles. BBQ pork and shrimp wraps were very flavorful and goes well with the lettuce leaf wrap.Ice Vietnamese Coffee was smooth and creamy.Service was good, and the Food was just OK.
3	I went here once before my yelping days and never went back. But groupon had a deal for $8 for $16, and the budget savvy person in me just could not resist.So I went and told them I had a groupon. They asked me for the coupon and no issue at all. It was one waiter in the place and he was actually very on top of his job. He made sure that I was doing okay and had everything I needed. However, I just wasn't feeling the place. I was quickly reminded once I started eating why I never came back.special combo pho with extra tendon - The noodles were just too soft. Way too soft, I felt like they were extra soft for a child or senior citizen. That is the best way I can explain it. The broth wasn't bad,  but it just had this flavor to it that I wasn't fond of. papaya salad -  I don't know what I was expecting but this wasn't it. It was just plain shredded papaya mixed with shredded carrots and sliced shrimp. They served it with shrimp crackers and the server just told me to use the fish sauce at the table. But I wasn't sure how to use the nuoc cham with it. So I never finished it. I did eat the shrimp crackers though.pork sausage patty roll - probably the best thing I ate. Or maybe not. The sausage looked a little under cooked. Other than that, it was pretty tasty. So in the end, I really wanted to give this place a two but it wasn't horrible. I just didn't care for it. So this should be like a 2.5It's a pretty small place so if you come with a big group it just might be a little crowded. The restroom is back in the kitchen. Just a little uncomfortable for me.
4	I was feeling like trying something new so Da Lat it is. I pass by this place everyday on the way too work and always been meaning too check it out. Today was the day. Pho not exactly beautiful thing on excessive heat warning day but they have bunch of rice or vermicelli dishes. I wound up trying the spicy lemongrass chicken rice dish. I really ENJOYED! I like the little kick in the chicken, lemon grass flavor just hint of it not much, and compliment with sauted onions too green onioons along with the chicken. It came with nice portion of rice and some slices of tomatoes/cucumbers for garnish. The prices are very reasonable on all there dishes, great size portion for the price, and if any item gets confusing most or all comes with picture. So whether fan of vietnamese food or not Da Lat has something for everyone. Place that would come back too again.
5	Excellent pho just down the street from the Rio.  Reasonable prices and attentive service.  Tried their chicken wing appetizer and combination rice dishes.  All were really good, but the combination pho is the real star.
4	This place was great! I got a groupon for our trip to Vegas, and thanks to all the good Yelp reviews we checked it out. Otherwise I would never have found this place! It is located off the strip but well worth our trip. The place is small, we had to wait just a little for a clean table. I ordered the grilled chicken and my boyfriend ordered the spare ribs (thanks to the only waiter there). My chicken was cooked and seasoned perfectly on a bed of Pho noodles with fresh veggies. My boyfriends ribs fell off the bones and were delish! I also got fresh coconut water, which was a whole coconut with a hole hammered through and a straw. It doesn't get much fresher than that! All and all a great place to check out. Don't let the outside of this place fool you, their food was amazing!
4	Came here during EDC week on a Thursday night after clubbing at Tao. My lady wanted to get some Vietnamese food, weird especially after clubbing and so we head out to Da Lat, which happen to be open 24 hours. There was only one customer and so we seated and ordered as soon as we walked in. Shared a fat bowl of pho with my friend, had the free egg rolls (which was fried and had a decent amount of meat in it). The pho itself was pretty good for a 24 hour place, they must be boiling those bones for days. We then finished our food, had a good night sleep and was ready for EDC's Friday lineup.
1	Not sure why this place received a 4 stars.  My family went here when we visited Vegas and was looking for some Vietnamese food.  I notice there were only a few customers in the place on a Saturday dinner hours and they all looked dissatisfy.  I should have take this as a cue to get the heck out, but I had two kids with me and moving them in and out of the car is a lot of work so I decided to stay...bad mistake. I live in OC so I know what is good and was is mediocre.  This place was sad.  It is a mom and pop place and the owners are not even Vietnamese.  They were Chinese who knows how to say a few Viet words.  The waiters try to mimic some of the food name but it was obvious that they did not understand any Vietnamese; why even try to pretend you know Viet?  The Pho had no flavoring and may satisfy the non-Viet but believe me when I say it taste nothing like Pho.  I should have went to the other true Viet places in town.  The 3-color desert was also sad...I couldn't even finish 1/4 of it. Don't trust the reviews you get here on Yelp, try another place if I were you.  There is a reason they have Goupon deals here.
3	Open until 4am = win plus $5 to deliver and $4 for a whole fresh coconut! The pho was ok, plenty of meat although not as good as some of our restaurants in Melbourne (Australia). Have tried the egg rolls, spring rolls, grilled chicken on vermicilli and grilled pork with rice combination... all in all it was ok enough.. i've been back 4 times this trip. Check in to receive some free egg rolls. (It's still weird that in Australia egg rolls are actually spring rolls, and spring rolls are actually rice paper rolls but hey... we probably have it backwards..) LIke with most asian restaurants.. don't expect good service.
5	One of the best under $25 meals we had during our week in Vegas. Our first time eating Vietnamese, and we were very pleased. Very tasty, the on the table hot sauces were full of flavor. We both left stuffed and will be back.
2	I was excited when I found this place and was hoping for an authentic experience, BUT my expectations fell short....the staff was nice. That's about all I can say that was good. The menu was horribly put together! You can't sell your food if your menu looks very displeasing to the eye. As for the food..........they need to bring in a waaaaaay better chef or kick the person who gave them the recipes that are currently being used. Nothing tasted like how it should and everything was cooked below amateur level. I really wanted to like this place, but just couldn't. Plus Da Lat is where my entire family is from...so I definitely would know what the food should taste like.
2	Hole in the wall with mediocre food would not go back!
1	I have no idea how this place got 4 stars.  The fresh rolls were made with wilted lettuce.  We got the vermicelli combo and the chicken combo. Meat was fatty and they did not use vermicelli... Gross fat rice noodles that turned to mush. The service was awful as well.  Bad bad bad all around.  Deeply disappointing.
1	Great service but food was ok sorry I won't be going again
3	I have visited this place twice.  The first time, hubby was in tow and not too pleased with the restaurant choice.  The meal was not too enjoyable, we got the chicken wings and beef and vermicelli dish.  We used a Groupon, so we figured..."You get what you pay for!"  Since I purchased two Groupons, I went back alone, when hubby was OOT and got the lemongrass chicken dish.  It was better than our first visit's dishes, but nothing above average.  The egg roll was nothing special either.  There are a few shady characters hanging around, so be on the lookout!  The prices are reasonable and the service is OK.  Just consider this a quick dive for when you are desperate for a quick, cheap meal.  Don't expect anything special and you'll be OK.
4	Great choice if you prefer traditional Vietnamese food. I'd advise against Da Lat if you are a picky eater, or prefer Americanized Vietnamese food. I enjoyed the Lemongrass chicken and my wife had a personalized Pho combination. Both entrees were satisfying and full of flavor.  We also received 2 complimentary egg rolls for checking in. All in all, the food is great and you get the feeling of dining in a small mom & pop shop. The only concern I'd pose is if have a delicate palate or you require a server that caters to your every whim; the service can be a bit slow at times.  However, I enjoy the change of pace and welcome a slow relaxing meal from time to time.
5	Food is excellent! Service is great too.  Whenever we are in town, we pay 30 bucks to and from just to have our meal here!!
3	Great place to grab lunch when in the mood for an Asian noodle dish or some pho, especially if they have a deal up on Yelp- grabbed the $8 for $16 deal before heading out last week and hitting this place on vacation.Went with bf and a friend and shared the spring roll and egg roll appetizers, then had 2 phos and the combination vermicelli bowl. The portions we received, as well as those we saw going to other tables, were enormous- none of us finished our dishes, even after sharing.The phos had a very flavorful broth and plenty of meat, and the vermicelli bowl included both BBQ pork, shrimp, and additional spring rolls. All dishes were hot and fresh, and the rolls were crisp and not soggy in the least, as at other places.Also had two Vietnamese coffees, both super strong and delicious as well. The menu also boasts a huge selection of smoothies and bobs drinks, if you come thirsty or feel like dessert afterward.Service was attentive and prompt, despite multiple tables and a single server. Combined with the great good quality and the great Groupon deal, make this place a great place to try.
5	Amazing Crab Paste Soup, Chicken Wings, and Rare Beef Plate
5	When I'm feeling blue and just need a pick me up I go here.  I love it.  Great Pho and killer spring rolls.  Plus the staff is great, service is fast, and the prices are low for what  you get.
1	I came here again expecting the same experience I had before. However, service was super slow this time and tables were dirty when we walked in. When ordering I told them multiple times to not put certain things in my pho, which they acknlowledged. However, when the food came it was made incorrectly! I asked them nicely if they could re-make it or kindly cancel that bowl from our order. They insisted they could fix it...when the bowl came back 10 min later it looked like they had just scooped out the items that I had asked them not to put in when they could have simply made a new bowl for me. I barely ate my food because I could still taste the cilantro and other things that had been soaking in the soup. I would not have gotten mad had they simply just made a new bowl after admitting they screwed up. Restaurants should not be so stingy when it was their fault in the 1st place. I will never be coming back here due to unprofessionalism and lack of customer service!
3	We did a yelp and decided to give it a try after reading the reviews.  It's up past both the Rio and the Palms in a strip mall.Hubby and I both ordered pho.  Good broth and meat and noodle portions.  If you check in on yelp, you can redeem the deep fried two spring rolls offer.  Lots of locals so it's gotta be good.
5	Dishes ordered: beef wrapped shrimp, crispy fish, vermicelli combo, fish spring rolls, thai milk tea, coconut smoothy.Literally everything was delicious.  They were out of mango and papaya tea, boba, and crispy noodles, but it didn't bother me or my girlfriend.  Everything was amazing.  Most dishes come with a heap of lettuce, mint leaves, and various other foliage, which make a delicious addition to the already tasty main dishes.We'll be coming back soon for sure.
5	great food great service! The owner is cool. Always give free stuff to the customer if its a special day or special event! I like the short rib beef so bad!!! Real fried rice with chicken wings the bomb!!!!! After I try the food I decided to work for this place because I can eat good food everyday now!!!!!!!
4	I eat mostly raw food but once in a while i cheat and have a vegetable pho,The broth was super delish ... I know the owner reads the reviews so my question is .. are you guys using any MSG ...
4	I used to go here a lot when my friend lived at Palms Place. Convenient location and a 3-minute walk from the condo. If only great Viet food was within walking distance from my house T_T.I've tried the Pho, Bun Bo Hue, Vermicelli Bowls & Broken Rice Plates. It's still not my favorite in town for any of the aforementioned. However, it's still an excellent place to eat and one of my regular stops in the area. It's super hole-in-the-wall. To get to the bathroom, you walk through the kitchen. This is a no frills kinda place and pretty small--just good food and get out sort of joint.The pho here is heavier on the fish sauce than most places. I've brought people here and they either love it or hate it. But they always have quality slices of meats and never overcook the noodles. They have an excellent pork chop + I'm in love with any of their vermicelli bowls. All of their meats/seafood are tasty so you really can't go wrong here.
5	I found out about this place through Groupon, and I'm glad I did!I love how they have a lot of unique items on their menu that not a lot of other Vietnamese places have - like fried quail, bo thai chanh (raw beef with lime sauce), nem cuon (pork meatball summer rolls), bun rieu (shrimp paste soup), and mien ga (clear chicken noodle soup).They include generous amounts of meat with their soups.The bun rieu even had real crab, not just the kind from the can. I could tell because there was a whole crab claw in the soup.The vegetables seem pretty fresh.Their portions are a good amount for the price.Everything I've tried from their menu tastes really good.I will definitely be back!
2	Verdict: Good before, but "meh" now. This place was pretty good and always gave us exactly what we ordered, but now they give us half the portions of what we used to get. I don't know if maybe they recently changed owners, but we won't be coming back here anymore.
3	Food is good but do not come if you are in a rush. The staff are nice but cannot multitask or are drastically under staffed. The walk from the Rio, sober, is a lot longer than it seems.
3	Da lat was just that.  Simple and okay.  I would not send a postcard from this location raving about the pho.  I will try it again someday but for now I found an amazing Vietnamese restaurant.
4	Really enjoyed the service and the food at this venue. Go in and give it a try!
1	This place has gone downhill since it's changed new owners. The service is poor (the little kid working the dining and cash register does not belong in people service), there were baby roaches on occasion and the kid said "that's strange cuz I just sprayed recently) and now I phone in a coffee to go cuz I'm late for work and when I arrive 10 minutes later he starts making my coffee and says "sir it takes a few minutes to make this coffee so you'll have to wait." Also they change the way some of the dishes are made so I'm off to find a new place
4	Not related to the San Jose establishment, but pretty good never the less. Open to 4am and there's a check-in special for 2 free egg rolls. Great price.
3	Came here during the summer of 2013 in the midst of the EDC craze. We only resorted to coming here because there were no other pho restaurants nearby and our entire group needed sustenance for much raging happening that night for the last day of EDCLV13. Coming from a small island of Oahu, I was surprised to see so much dry deserted land with no restaurants in sight. When we got here, I had very low expectations because there were no other people in the restaurant besides our large two table group. I ordered a Thai tea and everyone ordered different combinations of pho. Our pho came out quickly and it tasted all right. Not sure if MSG is used in the soup base, but it filled us up anyway. I enjoyed the tea more.
5	Great place.  The restaurant is small but the service and food is good.  The seafood banh canh is day bomb.
5	I love this place. I've been going here an embarrassingly amount of times per week for the past year and I guess I'm too busy wolfing down food to write a review. I'd consider myself a pho connoisseur and I can say without a doubt, best pho in Vegas. Well best pho broth in Vegas. I always get the veggie pho. I'm far from a vegetarian I just don't like meat swimming  in my soup. I'm a big fan of their other items- favorites are their shrimp papaya salad (BEST I've ever had outside of Thailand), house friend rice with scrumptious Chinese sausage and shrimp, the shaking beef melts in your mouth, beef wrap shrimp are better than Christmas morning and their egg rolls. OhThose egg rolls. If I were to find out the filling was in fact not pork, but old tires and rat feet, I would still gladly inhale them. Their vermicelli with pork, pork skin and shrimp is also delectable. I dump coconutCream on top to make it a real party . Very cute inside after the recent remodel. The staff is very friendly and kind. They know me by my voice when I call to get to go which is great and embarrassing. I don't care.
4	I've had pho two times and it has been good, much better than last year. Don't forgot to take advantage of the yelp checkin for free egg rolls. Also got the crispy wings and dumplings which were served lukewarm but the flavour was still good. Took so long for the dumplings to come out we couldn't be bothered sending it back. Had the same young server both times and it was only his 2nd day the first time and he improved slightly a week later. Tried the Korean BBQ charbroiled ribs and they were tasty! Definitely getting that one again! Will I be back? Most definitely.
3	Vermicelli is good . Egg rolls okey . The Pho not so much , portion is small and soup is missing that bold flavor. Just kinda taste like water down soup with some salt add.
4	When I walked in I expected something a lot less... nice. I had to hide my surprise that it was modern looking and clean. There was a menu of boba-style drinks on the wall as well. There is limited seating. It's that rare hole-in-the-wall place that actually cares for appearances!With check-in (at the time) there were a couple of free egg rolls. This is nice. Crispy without being burned. The contents were a little mysterious but far from skimpy.Things!- Spicy lemongrass chicken. A generous pile of white meat chicken in a lemongrass sauce, served with a side of rice and a couple slices of cucumber. Simple and delicious! Unlike a lot of things that say "lemongrass," this had very distinct flavor in it without being overbearing. You'll want to mash the rice right in there to soak it all up.- Rare beef pho. I'm not even a pho lover and I was instantly a fan. Something about the broth was appealing to me over other places I've been to. The beef was tender. Everything else was as you'd expect. I'm not going to pick this apart anymore because I don't know what else I'm talking about.- Black sesame and avocado smoothie. I've had similar to this before but the version here was even better! Creamy and not to sweet (though that's likely because I asked for it to be that way). A little mismatched with the rest of the meal but... whatever!For my next Viet craving, this is definitely my go-to spot now... and it's open late!
4	Good clean tasting pho tai, large portions with lots of meat, 2 crispy delicious egg rolls for free with yelp check in, excellent customer service, nice modern clean decor, good thai tea and tons of drink selections, and fresh veggies.
5	The spicy noodle soup was delicious and the ambiance of the place was great! Love!
4	(TL;DR - After hours eating can be limited and sometimes disastrous. Luckily it doesn't have to be, with Vietnamese gems like this place that's open until 4am! Coming from a Vietnamese chick, the Vietnamese food (for late night) is good! Plus, they have a full boba, milk tea, smoothie, dessert drink menu! (The boba isn't good, but the drinks are promising!)My boyfriend and I got here at 3:30am. There was a nice gentleman from Greece that came out from behind the kitchen and seated us - we wondered if this was a Greek owned and run Vietnamese restaurant? That would be a special experience! But then we saw that the chef was in fact Vietnamese and we learned that the owner is also Vietnamese and interestingly enough, he actually supplies a lot of the boba shops (not clear on which ones) on Spring Mountain with their boba supplies.  Our server had a very, very strong accent, but that didn't cause any real problems, we just needed to clarify a few times with him and it was all good. We checked in on yelp and received the free 2 egg-rolls - they came out freshly fried, very crispy and not oily which is great! It's full of meat filling, but more on the dry and bland side. I'm not hating though, it's free! Here's what we ordered:Spicy Lemongrass Chicken - Yum! The first bite reminded me of the comforting Vietnamese home cooking I grew up with, from my mom and my grandmother. I can really taste the refreshing and bright flavor of fresh lemongrass and a hint of coconut milk and that makes me so happy! Also, the coconut milk helps create the ideal consistency for the bold, sweet and savory sauce (it's not spicy in our opinion.) Luckily it was extra saucy (and bossy), they don't skimp on it at all.Ardie Y. said it best, "Mash the rice in there and soak it all up." - Words of a wise man! That's right, get it all-up-in-there! It's just the right sized portion to share between 2, plus it's under $9? That's a great value. Minor annoyances: - I had an issue with how dry the rice was. It seems like it was sitting in the rice cooker since the early morning, so the rice grains were dried out and hard. - The chicken cuts were weird, it wasn't all tender white meat, there were pieces of chewy cartilage here and there and cut into awkward oblong shapes (yup it's edible), but just not what I personally prefer in my stir-fried chicken dishes. Hey, don't let that sway you, the flavor of the sauce totally makes up for it - it's delicious! Plus it seems like they made it with great uniform cuts of chicken on Ardie Y.'s and Shawn H.'s visit. I was drawn to their gigantic chalk board of drinks! What really caught my eye from their expansive drink/boba/slushy/smoothie menu was the sea cream (!!!) iced black tea or green tea! We have that all over the place at boba shops in CA and it's my ultimate favorite, but this was the first time I've ever saw it offered here in Vegas! I couldn't contain my excitement to try it! Unfortunately, I wasn't able to try it this evening. Our server explained kindly to us that he is still new and he hasn't been trained to make that drink yet, so it won't taste good. Lol. I'll be honest, I was disappointed at first, but I can't be too mad at him - he was honest and a very nice hard working fellow, so I can totally understand.We decided on the sesame milk tea with honey boba. It's beautiful to look at, plus I loved how many crushed sesame seeds I saw floating around in the drink and the flavor was rich, very nutty. The seeds did cause the texture of the drink to be gritty and it would tickle my throat a few times if I drank it too fast, plus the little seeds got stuck all in my teeth the majority of the time, but hey, I didn't mind it! I wasn't trying to impress anyone anyways at 3:30am. My boyfriend and I enjoy weird and unique textures, plus it's something different, so it was right up our alley. The milk tea was tasty as well. It didn't taste like powder and it had just the right amount of sweetness. I would strongly urge you to get a milk tea, or even a smoothie without any boba. The boba was sitting precooked (not sure for how long) in a container and the consistency wasn't desirable, they were a bit stale with firm boba and mushy boba. They also have a nice little selection of traditional Vietnamese deserts! - Che 3 mau (three color drink) $3.95- Che thai (fruit with milk) $4.50- Suong sau nuoc dua (grass jelly) $3.50- Rau cau dua (coconut jelly) $3.50I'm excited to come back to give them a try. 2 hungry adults left very stuffed for less than $15!
4	Open late, with great service!I got the combo pho (came with all the meats)  and I got to say, it was pretty bomb.  I live around little saigon so I know a thing or two about good pho and this is good pho!
3	OPEN TILL 4AM EVERYDAY!On my most recent visit, I was sadly disappointed by the decrease in quality of the pho. My first time here was summer of 2013, and it was deee-licious. But I came again about a year later, and it was just not the same. Broth is too sweet and meat is less tender. The plus side is you can customize your bowl of pho to have whatever type of meat you want in it! Wish they had that option for all pho places haha. To my surprise, it was renovated and the inside became much more modern and clean. The seats have been updated to cushiony sofa like chairs with a bright red color. Tables are a sleek black, much better than the old ones. Verdict...Not the best pho, but doable if you're looking for that hangover cure in Vegas!
4	I love, love, love this place !  When I moved back to Vegas I brought back with me an addiction for pho, boba & egg rolls. I had searched around the Spring Valley area, coming across Jenni Pho Grill, Saigon 8 and little Saigon 8 but nothing compared when I came across Da Lat.   At Da Lat you have a selection of different kinds of boba , jelly boba and pearl balls (that burst with different kinds of flavors) to go with your slushie / smoothie. It seriously is the best thing ever when I am sipping on my mango slush.  Their combination pho is on point! They offer every meat from rare beef to tendon with just the right amount of veggies and noodles. My main thing is the noodles, but the flavorabl broth fills me up and I sometimes leave noodles hanging.  The egg rolls are way more crispier and have more flavor in the fish sauce than any other pho restaurant I've been to in Las Vegas. The only downfall I have is the fact I was spoiled in San Diego with 6 egg rolls for $6. Ahaha. But still, I love Da Lat. Their staff is friendly and helpful whenever I go in and that's usually around midnight - 2AM.
2	I was so heartbroken that Yelpers let me down yet again! Okay, that was a bit dramatic, but the whole experience was odd from start to finish! First off, we unlocked the offer for free egg rolls which never came out. We had to remind the guy mid experience and didn't get it until after we had finished our meal. Upon being seated, we were offered the menu, but the server seemed so confused all the time. Every time someone would want to order something, he'd have to go check about something with the dish. It was really weird! He also tried schooling me on what kind of noodle dishes were what and the herbs to eat with it. Honey, I'm Vietnamese. I know what to eat with my food and what's supposed to be in the dishes. I guess my proper pronunciation of everything didn't give my ethnicity away? It was just an awkward vibe all around. I ended up with Bun Bo Hue, which they no longer serve with the pork blood cubes! Womp womp. I was really looking forward to that. My beau ordered the Pho Tai with Bo Vien (meatballs). The Bun Bo Hue was flavorful, spicy, and definitely hit the spot. It was a generous portion and had a lot of meat. The pho, however, was NOT pho! I don't know if it was an off day or something or people on here just don't know what good pho tastes like, but what my beau had to eat tasted nothing like what I grew up on. That was extremely disappointing since this place had such great reviews for their pho. Oh well, onto the next establishment!
2	I ordered the Bun Dac Biet-Combo TO-GO and I was quite disappointed with the wait time plus they did not give me the fish sauce when I asked for it. The guy gave me hot sauce instead stating that the sauce was on my food already. I thought it was weird. Other than that, the meat was cooked great, the egg rolls were tasty... I'm not sure if I'll be returning.. I was there almost 45 minutes for my food... :(
5	This place is delicious! My nail tech suggested it & said Must try the grilled pork! It's a hole in the wall but so good. I had the combo Vermicelli & I will be back to try the Pho!
4	Recently renovated. Open till 4am. Food tastes good and servings are generous.  Prices are also reasonable.  It is near the Palms and Gold Coast casinos.  Do not eat at the Vietnamese places inside the hotels as they are overpriced and not as good. Eat here instead.
5	I highly recommend this restaurant.  I had a bad experience at a Vietnamese restaurant about 10yrs ago and never tried again.  I recently opened a small business next to Da Lat and after 5 months I finally decided to give it a try.  THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!   I've had a few different things on the menu.   So far my fav is the pork chop, veggie and rice plate.   You must also try the Boba tea.  They have many diff flavors and all are great!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
3	Slow service, awkward stares when you enter.Mind, we came at 1 AM, and it was empty - but not a word was muttered, and I feel the workers eyes on us for most of the meal.The pho's noodles were a bit too soft, and the broth not as flavorful or filled with MSG. Most likely because they have "hangover pho" haha.It's alright. Opens till 4AM
4	The service is a little  slow but the food is worth it. My friend took me to this hidden gem and I haven't found anything on the menu that I don't like. Pho: It is so full of flavor,  you can tell the broth is boiled with bone marrow.Da lat combo : vermicelli bowl with bbq pork, grilled chicken and two egg rolls all for $8.95. Lemongrass chicken : everyone recommend it from other reviews and trust me it  Sooo good...They even have milk teas, smoothies and Italian sodas to end your meal.Plus check In gets you 2 free egg rolls!!!
5	My favorite vietnamese restaurant in Vegas!  Not the nicest place but generally all I care about is the food and it's great here!
5	Great Egg Rolls cant go wrong! Great specials! Nice place to eat during late hours;) one of my few Vietnamese restaurants I choose  to go to.  Late night specials start 10 pm to 4am. Hidden away next to subway.
1	HORRIBLE! I ordered my food at 7pm and as I am writing this review still have not received my food for delivery (8:33pm) so pathetic . Never order from this place !
1	And not to mention I waited downstairs 30 mins waiting for them and they never showed up !!!
4	This place is 4 stars pho sho! Actually its pronounced "fa" strangely enough. I stopped in for lunch last week and was greeted by a super bubbly server. I didn't catch his name, but he was very friendly and upbeat. He was very attentive as well considering he was the only server in a full dining room. He showed me to a table and brought me some water and a menu. The water comes in a carafe that sits on the table so you can refill your cup as many times as you want. I love that! I browsed the "morning menu" (they have another menu after 11pm)  for a bit and decided I wanted to try the nem nuong, which are pork patty rolls, and the rare beef pho. Within 10 minutes of ordering the nem nuong came out. I have never had anything like this before but they were quite tasty. It was similar to a spring roll, but instead of shrimp there was pork, and it was warm, not cold. Not long after a huge piping hot bowl of pho came out with all of the accompaniments. There was a good amount of beef and noodles and I happily ate myself into a food coma. Good food, good service, and they have an extensive smoothie/milk tea/boba menu, so I will for sure be back for that.
3	I felt the need to update this review because after 3 visits of having terrible customer service it has annoyed me. Still a fan of their pho and egg rolls, but their staff has been lacking on making their drinks consistent and even making the visit seem warm. I miss the guy I use to see, he had glasses - very bubbly - always helpful and ALWAYS smiling. BRING HIM BACK TO NIGHTS PLEASE. I recently betrayed my mango slush with strawberry pearl balls and turned to a peach slush with mango jelly kind of gal. The first guy (different from my fav) who made it had me hooked, my boyfriend (who is hard to get off something) even loved it. I thought that new combo tasted like li hing mui candy, but after last nights drink I realized it wasn't the peach combo with mango - it was just the mango. Sadly enough the drink has not been consistently delicious. Last night I realized that I will never come in on a Friday night, around 10:30PM, again. It was packed. They even took out their lounge couch too, boo. We walked in to a very uncomfortable/awkward atmosphere. One of the workers, that I had a problem with before due to our drinks being made, was just glaring too. My boyfriend said its his face that is like that, but I always feel uncomfortable around him. ANYWAYS, after we ordered two drinks (Mango Slush with Strawberry pearls/Regular Boba, Peach Slush with Mango Jelly = $8.50) we were awkwardly waiting for the drinks to be made. We sat at a table and waited for what seemed like 10 minutes until we heard the blenders start. I felt bad for the young new employee who was on the floor so I did not get upset one bit. He was doing the best he could in a tight, cramped place. He accommodated a table of two, two table of fours and then a table of seven had walked in half way through my boyfriend and I's wait. Da Lat needs to hire more workers on the floor during busy nights. The guy who makes me feel uncomfortable was helping out but not enough for the poor boy to easy up. He messed up on our drinks because he was hurrying along and I do not blame him with hungry customers waiting after hearing dings after dings after dings.The mango slush tasted powdery and my boyfriend noticed he added the wrong ingredients to the mix - my peach didn't taste like peach .. it was too foamy. This place was my go-to and I was a faithful customer, but I will be on the hunt for another place that sells boba drinks around the neighborhood.
5	The best casual pho and Vietnamese joint in town.  I had their house special vermicelli with BBQ pork, shrimp, and egg rolls for $8.75.   This place is a lot cheaper than most and the food and portions are substantially better.  It has a small but very clean and updated dining area.  I highly recommend this place for a late night fix.
