5	This restaurant was excellent. Best Italian cuisine ever. The staff was very friendly, their wine selection very good. Oh! and lets not forget the delicious desserts...yummmmyyyy.I am definetly going back to this place if I am ever in Phoenix again.
5	Great Italian food and served in a super cute atmosphere.  The service was good and our waiter was very attentive to our table. The food was great...we started with the Gnocchi which was wonderful! I had the Chicken Marsala and also tried some of the Lasagna...both were fantastic.  The best part of the night was the wonderful Chianti that was suggested to us and the shot of Sambuca that was brought to us after our dinner, compliments of the house.  i would give this place a try if you are looking for a great Italian dinner...everyone that has been from my recommendation, LOVED it. :)
4	I love this place -- very romantic and great food. I had to laugh at janette e.'s review --- "Titti Santi?"LOL!!!!!!!!!
4	Tutti Santi is one of our valley jewels. Nina is so wonderful, I hope you can meet her -- her hospitality and joy in preparing a feast for you and your guests is very hard to match.I went to celebrate a friend's birthday, so I started with a bottle of champagne. I know it's very Reunite of me, but I like Spumanti. And there it was on the list. Excellent. Followed with a bottle of Pinot Gris, but it was too cold.Linguine with Clams was divine. Didn't have the creamy thickness of the lavish dish I had in Venice last month until I dumped half the shaker's Parmesan on top (ok, it was closer to 3/4 of the shaker), but oh, SO good. The sourdough bread was hot and fresh -- mmm, my favorite.We finished off with a flaming shot of licorice liqueur. I wasted so much time taking a picture of it, the glass burned my lips when I actually got to tasting it. LOL.Tutti is not pretentious, just very good food and excellent service. A must try.
5	I went here a few months ago for my mom's birthday and I have to say it was great.  I live right by Tutti and I had never been inside.  I loved the appetizers the wine and that great hot food that was served to us.  The best part was the birthday shot that my mom, dad, myself AND the server took.
4	Went to Tutti i Santi with a group of friends.....the hostess was very nice and we got seated right away even without a reservation. The server was extremely attentive... we got water and the wine arrived at the table a few minutes after we ordered. The group started with the fried calamari with a side of marinara, which I didn't care for. I ordered the linguine with clams in white wine sauce, very tasty, although the pasta was a little overcooked. My wife had the eggplant parmigiana which was good, but not the best she has ever had. The desserts were Bindi desserts imported from Italy. We had the torta della nonna, a lemon cream pine nut tart, which was very good.  We finished the night with a shot of sambuca flambe'....nice touch.  Overall I like Tutti i Santi, it always feels like you are in an old restaurant in a " piazza"in Italy.
3	The food was alright, but the service at the bar was great.  The people who worked there were friendly as well as the patrons.  Small bar, but it seemed to be a place where some of the locals used as a place to hang out and catch up with one another.
3	I ate at Tutti Santi while in Phoenix for a business conference.  Met up with a co-workers father-in-law who happened to be in town and he suggested Tutti Santi, which he had visited on previous trips.  Had it not been for that recommendation, I don't know that I ever would have found this place.They were quite busy that night due to a special promotion and it seemed that they were not quite used to it.  It took quite some time to place our order.  We ordered a bottle of wine for the table and I ordered a salad and gnocchi.  We started sipping the wine while waiting for our appetizers.  The salad was decent and the bread they brought for the table was actually very good.  However, due to the slow service, our wine bottle was empty long before the food came.When the food arrived, we ordered another bottle of wine and began eating.  The gnocchi was very good, and everyone else seemed to enjoy their order as well. Unfortunately, our second bottle of wine never arrived.  When we mentioned it, the waiter apologized, but that was it.This would have been an easy four star review but the sub-par service killed it for me. They may have been busy, but 15 minutes for drinks and 30 minutes for salads is still pushing it.
1	You can't fake diarrhea. These f*rs gave me VEAL parmigiana when I'd ordered CHICKEN. Until then, I'd never eaten veal and had no desire ever to do so. I was so upset and the best both the waiter and manager could do was apologize, say they'd take it off the bill (they better!!! I had two bites!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!), then launch an explanation as to how, on a busy night, the kitchen could make a mistake. I don't care WHY it happened. That's the restaurant's business. I care THAT IT HAPPENED. Unconscionable.  To top it off, I had total food poisoning that night and the following morning. Yes, I was completely nauseated that I'd consumed veal, but this wasn't psychosomatic. Like I said, you can't fake diarrhea.
5	This is the spot for some of the best Italian food! Hands down, THE BEST RAVIOLI, with a  lovely marana and a touch of cream, it melts in your mouth, like nothing I have ever had before, it is one of their specialties, made fresh every day, it is A MUST... The veal marsala is FANTASTIC, tender and tasty, the marsala sauce is smooth and sweet. Linguini w/ Clams is just DELICIOUS, you can taste the freshness in the clams( Hard to find in Phoenix)  They end each meal with a sambuca lit on fire, Nice Touch!!!  They have a great wine list and a full bar. I love it, have been going for about 6 years, It is a little pricey, so the visits are not as frequent as I would like.
2	Food ranges from delicious (elegant and lovely beef carpaccio) to mediocre (bland chicken rollatini and what might as well have been frozen vegetables).  The servers are lovely and attentive, and sort of distract you from the distinctly geriatric feel in the place.  My husband and I felt like the youngest people in the restaurant by at least 40 years.  I have no idea where this best ravioli nomination came from - they are abysmally forgettable.  I am hard-pressed to believe that a better ravioli cannot be found in Phoenix - there are just way too many good culinary adventures in the area to consider these bland, oversauced pillows of flavorless ricotta worth ordering.  Unimpressed by everything, we were bowled over by the bill.  How could a meal so forgettable come out to $150 for the two of us?  Was the wine that expensive? No.  Did we order anything extraordinary? No. Are we going back? You already know the answer...
5	I have been to this tutti santi numerous times over the past 5 years. Last night we decided it was time to indulge once more. We ordered the gnocchi as well as the daily special, lobster ravioli. I normally scarf a plate of gnocchi as they are handmade and delicious. Needless to say, I was scared to venture out my box.The gnocchi were divine as usual...handmade daily, with the perfect mix of white sauce and bolognese. The lobster ravioli were delicious. Also, freshly made topped with an awesome vodka sauce. Furthermore, the lobster was so fresh, as if it was still swimming in the ocean.To put the finishing touch on our wonderful dinner experience, our server brought over the signature shots of flaming sambuca, including the "three flies" (as they are called), symbolizing the past, present and future...If I had to predict the near future, I would say that we will be back soon.Finally, our server was awesome and friendly. After all, you can't have a perfect dinner with shitty service.
5	WOW!!Some friends of ours invited us out to dinner this past friday. She told me it wasn't far.. LOL!! We live near Anthem.. so to me this was a serious hike. However!!! It was SO- SOOO worth it. I am NOT a big italian fan... or so I thought. My husband had the ravioli, and with every bite he would tell me how incredible it was. :)I went with the salmon and veggies. WOW!! The lemon butter sauce was devine! I rarely am a member of the clean plate club, but I seriously found myself wanted to lick the plate clean. (don't worry I did contain myself) So I have to say... I thought I was not an italian fan. Apparently I just haven't been lucky enough to find some GREAT italian food. 2 thumbs WAY UP!!Warning.. it is a little on the pricey side. The ambience is very nice and it is worth it.
3	This is a comfortable neighborhood Italian restaurant.  All the staples are here including pasta, veal and seafood. I had the veal marsala which came with a side of fettuccine alfredo.  We also ordered a couple of bottles of reasonably priced sangiovese wine.For dessert the tiramisu was large enough that the four of us could share.The service was prompt and friendly.  Overall it was a nice experience.
5	I love this place. The best ravioli in the city. The gnocchi is also amazing. They are really kid friendly. They prepare a wonderful chicken breast and vegetables for my son with allergies. The decor could use some sprucing up.
2	Had a "company" meal here. The foot was decent but I would not say outstanding. The chicken dela casa OK, the asparagus was cooked about perfectly but the dinner salad was pretty boring. --just lettuce and tomato, nothing else. The dressing was pretty bland too. I don't think I would return on purpose. The only really positive things I can say are 1. I did not have to pay because I was on company business and 2. It was better than Olive Garden
4	Wow!!  This is amazing... my new favorite place.  I went with my mom, brother and his wife to celebrate my sister-in-law's birthday.My mom had been raving about the ravioli and she was right - they are amazing!! I had looked at the menu and was torn between ordering the homemade ravioli (cheese & spinach filling) with a cream/tomato sauce or the homemade gnocchi with the same cream/tomato sauce.  So, I convinced the table to order the gnocchi appetizer (a small version of the gnocchi dinner).  It was amazing!!!  The best gnocchi I've ever had.  Really light and melts in your mouth.  And the cream and tomato sauce is really fresh and creamy at the same time.The garlic bread that comes with the dinners is good - even better dipped in olive oil and balsamic (which they will bring you if you ask).The dinners all come with either soup or salad.  I had read on Yelp that the soups were really good.  So, my mom and I got their soup of the day - a cream of vegetable soup - cauliflower, brocolli, carrots, potato.....  Really, creamy and flavorful and light - it was amazing!!!!  My brother and his wife both got the salads.  They both ate them but said they were just so-so.  Nothing special.  They should have gotten the soup!Then, we all ordered the ravioli except for my brother who must have loved the gnocchi as much as I did and he got that.  We were all suprised he didn't go for a meat dish - he's usually a pretty big eater.  The ravioli were just like the gnocchi - light and just perfect - in a cream and tomato sauce.  For dessert, my sister-in-law picked the creme brulee.  It was a good size, with sliced strawberries on top.  Our waiter brought it out with a candle on top and it ended up being free (nice touch from the restaurant).  It was very good. And the little shots of flaming sambuca (black licorice flavored liquor) at the end is a nice and fun touch, too.The service was excellent as well.  The atmosphere is fine - very cozy, dim lighting and traditional with white table cloths, etc.  The decor is a pretty outdated but I've seen worse.  It wouldn't deter me from coming back.  But, I would probably go even more if it was updated.I'm so excited to have found it - my new favorite Italian place - and really reasonable prices, too.
5	When reviewing a business I generally like to give them some room for improvement.  I'm not sure how Tutti Santi can improve on perfection.  Their wait staff is excellent.  Our waiter, I think his name is Brian, was perfect.  He checked on us just enough to be sure we were happy without constantly interrupting our conversation.  The other wait staff never allowed our water glasses to be less than half full and they did so without really being noticed.  The salad was exactly as Brian (Sorry if I got your name wrong) described, greens and tomatoes with the house vinaigrette.  I knew exactly what to expect so wasn't disappointed by a boring salad.  Oh and the Garlic Bread was perfect.   I don't usually like garlic bread.  Theirs was crispy and chewy at the same time and not too garlicy.  I almost asked for more, but didn't want to fill up on bread.I ordered the Lasagne and my guest ordered the seafood pasta special.  My lasagne was excellent, the noodles were very light, the cheese and sauce delicious.  I ate every bite and was sorely tempted to lick the plate.  I did manage to refrain but just barely.  Fortunately someone came and took the plate before I succumbed to the temptation.   My guests seafood dish was quite pricey at around $35 but he said it was delicious and full of all kinds of different sea creatures.  He managed to eat all of the fishy stuff but couldn't finish his pasta.  He was also very happy with the wine he ordered, which Brian suggested.  Even though I was about to lick my plate and he didn't finish his dinner we still ordered the Tiramisu to share and an espresso to finish our meal.  It was the perfect ending.  The Tiramisu was light and delicious and the espresso was dark, slightly bitter and very strong.  I've had better, but my guest said that the espresso was very typical of what you would get in Europe.  Love, Love, Love everything about this place, can't wait to go back again soon!
3	ATMOSPHERE: Dimly lit. Classical style decor. High ceilings with neat looking light fixtures. Crowded on a Saturday night. Crowd was mostly elderly but I also saw a family dining there with kids. Patio and indoor dining available. FOOD: We ordered:1. Complimentary bread - already garnished with garlic butter and herbs. Crusty, white bread. It was tasty.2. Escargo - first time I've ever had this! Very heavily doused in butter. It tasted like butter.... with consistency of mushrooms.... nothing spectacular.3. Shrimp fettuccine with cream sauce - wow... this is soooooo heavy. Almost tooo creamy. It was overwhelming. I prefer something a little lighter. 4. Seafood special - tomato based sauce with mussels, clams, white fish, shrimp, squid. Nice flavors but nothing spectacular.PRICES: Entrees run ~$20 and up. Appetizers ~$10 and up. Extensive wine list.SERVICE: Spectacular. No complaints here. PARKING: Plenty available in the shopping center parking lot.CONCLUSION: Wasn't too impressed with the food... maybe should have tried the ravioli and gnocchi that everyone raves about. Great ambience and service though.
5	It's simple............. I don't believe I've given 5-stars to an Italian restaurant since Yelping, until now! I can only hope that if you're in Phoenix, and you try any of their locations, your meal will be as great as our's.And for us, the revelation of why this meal was sooo good, went back to the source; fresh ingredients. And how do we know that Tutti Santi cooks with fresh ingredients, like fresh picked basil from their own garden? Because Nina, the 80 year "young" owner shared that, and a few other secrets with us, at our table.  It might have been the comment that the gnocchi was absolutely as good as my wife's....... and THAT COMMENT was made in front of my wife! The word must've gone from our lips, to the server, to the kitchen......... to Nina herself! Because from then on, it was more than just a great Italian dinner experience. It was a great Italian dinner experience with "Nina." She left the kitchen, and came to our table, sharing some cooking, and life, experiences, and also sharing how she comes into the restaurant as early as 4am, just to make their fresh pastas..... and that great gnocchi. I couldn't believe her energy and spunk! Waiter........ I'm having whatever Nina's having for breakfast!!!And yes, we started by ordering their "famous gnocchi appetizer." You've got to order the gnocchi; either the appetizer or the entree! Enough said on that. We then followed with one of the specials; Penne pasta with chicken and Italian sausage in a pink sauce. It was DELICIOUS... and I could taste the very traditional Italian sausage, which was perfectly seasoned. And the chicken? It was white meat strips that had an incredibly fresh taste, and wonderful texture. Our other dish was their eggplant parm. And just how good was that? My wife commented that it melted in her mouth; the best version of eggplant parm she's ever had. And it came with a very generous serving of spaghetti pomadoro. The pomodoro is a basic red sauce, and in this case, a very "Roma tomato" fresh tasting sauce. And because I asked about their meat sauces, the waiter brought me a soup bowl filled with the Bolognese sauce, which I liberally put on both their garlic bread and some of my penne pasta. That could've been a meal in itself. Nina's kitchens prove the adage that, "...there's no substitute for quality and freshness!" And she also proved that her affection for great food extends to her affection for her patrons, as she brought us a huge serving of her "in-house" tiramisu. It was such a well balanced dessert; "almost as sweet as Nina!" Enough said.
4	Excellent food and a great atmosphere. The tortellini in cream sauce is close to the best in the city. The eggplant parm is slice very thin which makes it A+. A must try!
5	This wasn't the first time, but we went to Tutti Santi for a family Christmas Eve Dinner.  All I have to say is that everything was simply perfect.  Not only the food, but the service.  Which to me makes a restaurant with great food go from good to great.  I ate the lamb shank- Angello Dorato, which fell off the bone and was delicious. I cleaned the plate. Dad had the veal marsala with fettuccine alfredo.  The veal was fantastic and the alfredo was just right. The sauce was not too thick-not to thin.  Dad cleaned the plate.  From him being in the food industry for 30+years and eating in many italian establishments both here and Chicago, believe me that says more than alot.   Mom had the special of the night, which was a cioppino with tons of seafood.  When most italian restaurants serve this dish at least one of the seafood items will be rubbery or fishy tasting (not in a good way) especially the mussels.  Not here. Everything was the way it should be. I felt this was the plate of the evening out of 3 great dishes.   Mom didn't clean the plate, she has a small stomach.  But I will be eating the leftovers in about two hours after I sleep off my meal.Everything from the bread, the calamari fritti, to the tiramisu was fabulous.  I'm glad we couldn't get reservations anywhere else for this special meal.  Gratzi and Buon Natale.Oh yeah, I didn't get the raviolis this time, but if you've haven't had them it's a must try.
4	I often crave the ravioli.  Little pillos of cheese in a tomato sauce splashed with a hint of cream.  Delicious.  The rest of the menu is standard Italian fare.  They restaurant is friendly and kind, desserts are good and the bread is always hot and garlickly.  (A plus in my book).  Give it a whirl, I always called it my "compromise" restaurant when I didn't want to spring for Marcellinos.  It's not as tasty, but not nearly as expensive either.
4	I just moved to a neighborhood close to this restaurant about 5 months ago and didn't even notice this restaurant in the corner of a shopping center. It was actually Yelp that guided me to this restaurant. We went for New Year's Eve and had their Special NYE menu. Ambiance: romantic, dimly lit with balloons EVERYWHERE! The waitstaff and the customers were getting tangled in the balloons, but it was fun. If you wait in the lobby for a while, you will see tons of celebrity photos of those that have been here including Jennifer Lopez, the Diamondback Coach, Charles Barkley and more. Customer Service: was good, but we went during their shift change, so they almost forgot our eggplant appetizer and didn't ask my husband how he wanted his steak (rare, med, etc). We would have just skipped it and just eat the main course, but the new waiter asked about it and apologized and gave the appetizer to us free of charge and made sure my husband's steak was rare. His efforts helped and we are so glad he brought it out because it was so very good. Food: garlic bread was dry, minestrone was fabulous, dressing on salad was tasty too. The Eggplant with ricotta and spinach appetizer was to die for. Veal Scaloppine was tender and the Steak was juicy. We will definitely visit again.
4	Always good- the pastas are generous and flavorful. The veal dishes are very traditional without being heavy. Cappachio chilled , thin and tasty. I think this is a great place to meet friends or bring out of towners. I have been a fan of Chef Nina and her restaurants for many many years.
5	The best ravioli I've ever had.  And the gnocchi was wonderful as well.  The pasta is all so fresh - anything must be good here.  Great waiters - and flaming shot of sambuca with coffee beans to wish on at the end...nice touch.
3	Decent food that was just down the street from the hotel where I was staying. I got the ravioli entree and it came with garlic bread and salad. They could afford to spruce up the house salad a little bit, but the raviolis were tender and pretty good, even if the sauce left something to be desired.Attentive service and plenty of seating indoors and outdoors.
5	Friendly, attentive staff and amazing handmade pasta make this a winner!
5	This place is a little hidden gem. The food was fantastic. A little bit of Italy in Phoenix. Everything we had tasted fresh and perfectly seasoned. I'll be back!
5	Some of the best Italian I've ever had! It was pleasantly surprise! The place doesn't look that great from the outside, but the food makes up for it. The martini's were expensive and not that great. Pasta is made right at the restaurant. Highly recommend getting some pasta! Staff was friendly.
4	Had a birthday party here, and it was great! We all enjoyed our food, and the servers were very nice when we stayed so late!
4	From the pastoral wall mural and the wine bottles lining the shelves to the vintage ad posters, Tutti Santi is exactly what you envision when you think EYE-TAL-YON. And by that, I mean the decor is a little cliched.What isn't cliched are the authentic homemade pastas and attentive service.Without a reservation, we were greeted and sat immediately on a Saturday night. The server told us a bit about the place and seemed near bursting with pride as he described the house specialties. I almost expected him to bring his fingers to his mouth and make an exaggerated smacking kiss. He didn't, but that would have been awesome.We started out with salad greens and cream of asparagus soup, both were simple and flavorful. The gnocchi and ricotta spinach ravioli that everyone on here is raving about? The best I've ever had. We couldn't decide between the two, so our server offered to do half and half- brilliant.We also had the special of the night, Veal Oscar (veal cutlets in a Marsala sauce topped with fontina, asparagus, and crab meat), with a side of penne pomodoro. The pasta outshined the veal for me, but I thoroughly enjoyed both dishes. The portions are on the generous side and left us unable to even contemplate dessert- still we left with enough leftovers for an entire meal.I'm not sure when I'll be back, it's a bit pricey for a casual dinner (for my pocketbook), and the ambiance was a little too lacking to make it a special "date night" spot. I do know I'm going to be thinking about those ravioli for a long time, though.
2	First of all, everything in Arizona closes hella early, so as a last resort at about 9 o'clock we went to this fancy schmancy joint for dinner. Little did we know that the food would not be as up to scale as the dimly lit decorations. My sister and I got chicken Cesar salads with chicken that was very dry and seemed and tasted like end of the day scraps. Also my brother-in-law's salmon and muscles tasted like sea water which resulted in bubble guts later that night. On top of all this, Tutti Santi is also pretty pricey. $15 for a minuscule could-have-been-rat-for-all-we-know Cesar salad. Good luck dinner goers.
3	First, I'm a tough reviewer.  A five or even four star review is not common.  The restaurant is nothing to write home about from the outside.  Very dated entrance and setting.  It's a bit like stepping back 30 years to a local Italian eatery.Service was very good.  All staff were efficient, friendly, courteous.  Food was good.  Not exceptional, but solidly good.  Wife started with the soup of the day, which was okay.  I had the house salad, which was okay.  Nothing special so far.  I liked the basket of bread, my wife thought it wasn't very good.Had the muscles in a white wine sauce as an appetizer.  It was very tasty.  The sauce was exceptional.  But relatively small portion, and relatively high priced.The calamari, as you would expect in a higher priced Italian restaurant, was very good.  Lightly breaded, perfectly cooked, it was tender and tasty.  Decent portion.  I would definitely order this again.For dinner, my wife had some variation of veal scallopine.  My wife thought it was tasty, but the portions were very very small for a $24 entree.  Sauce was good... a common theme here.I had their seafood pasta ($25).  It was a medium sized bowl of pasta, didn't taste fresh (boiled dried), with a good red sauce and a fair portion of good seafood.My wife had the cheesecake for desert.  Very thin little piece, nothing fancy.All in all, we felt that the food was good.  Service was excellent.  Setting was fair... a very dated but still nice setting.  What we had a harder time with were the prices.  We just felt that everything was about 30% more expensive than it deserved to be.  They obviously don't spend much on the restaurant setting.  So I don't see how they can justify it.  If I had paid $16-17 for my bowl of pasta, then it would have been fair.  But not $25.  Not for the portions or the ingredient cost.Perhaps that is why they were near dead empty on a Sunday night (not a busy restaurant night, I know, but still).In other words... I enjoyed my food and time here, but not the check.  And so, as a whole, this place gets 3 out of 5 stars.   It's very likely I won't be back, but if someone else was treating me and wanted to take me there, I'm sure I would very much enjoy my meal.
5	I am so grateful to Deal Chicken for featuring this place, otherwise I never would have come here. I visited here tonight with my husband and another couple. We had SO MUCH FUN!!!!  It may have been the wine, it may have been the euphoria of having real Italian food, I don't know, but the conversation was so wonderful, the ambiance was great, and the service was all I could have asked for. I have never had "authentic Italian food" (my only experience was the Olive Garden) and now I know what I was missing. The food was so delicate and quaint, yet full of flavor. I upgraded my penne pasta for the infamous gnocchi, and am so glad I did. The Chicken della Casa was wonderful and I have enough left over for lunch tomorrow! My friend had the lasagna, and it was nothing like any type of lasagna I've ever had in the past. There was more than enough food but I didn't walk out of there feeling weighed down, instead we enjoyed several courses over a period of 2 hours and I felt like I truly could have been in Italy.
5	I love Italian restaurants, and this one did not disappoint. The atmosphere was outstanding - quiet, quaint and relaxing. The service was great as well. Our server was friendly, knowledgeable and right there when we needed her. And the food was delicious. Our appetizers, entrees and desserts were just to die for. I honestly can't wait to go back.
5	OMG. I have not been to this restaurant ion over 3 years and it was always good but never really think about it much. Tonight I visited and it received 5 stars for a number of reasons. The first foremost is the food is outstanding! we sat at the bar like we do at most places and weer quickly greeted by the giddy bartender. I ordered wine husband a lemon drop martini. The bartender made the lemon drop and added a splash of Rasp liqueur in at the end to make it "extra special. Quickly a hot basket of garlic bread arrived. Yay luv garlic bread. We ordered stuffed mushroom to start. Not my choice but hey they were good. It was so difficult deciding what to order due to their amazing menu. I finally decided on a shrimp fettuccine dish that was prepared with cognac, cream, wild mushrooms and shrimp. Orgasmic doesn't cover it. These were huge lump shrimp that tasted like lobster. By far one of the most memorable dishes I have eaten in years. Husband ordered Gnocchi. Wow amazing delicate covered in tomato cream sauce, made hrs before our arrival. The company of the staff mixed with the amazing authentic food bring me back to this place prob in the next week. I advise to to go this place for some amazing hands down top notch food.
4	Surprised by unexpected North Phoenix location.  Attentive but not bothersome service. Antipasto platter shared among 3 people plenty for all.  The Chianti was splendid! The entre arrived piping hot, very impressive.  The food was delicious.  Lovely intimate dining. Reccommend. Only down side was it became so dim, had a hard time reading menu.  A bit more uplighting, please.
4	What a great find! We purchased a deal chicken for this restaurant as we had never tried before. We had an absolutely fabulous dinner start to finish. We started with Caprese salad and stuffed mushrooms both were very good, then for entrees, we had Chicken florentina and Pasta romantico. Both sauces were the best we have had! The atmosphere is like you are in Italy. I would have never figured from the location but we will be regulars.
3	New Year's Eve: crowded, lively, decent food. The live guitarist was a little tacky and annoying--sloppy and loud Brazilian and Spanish ballads (not especially Italian, or charming). The service was quick and friendly, though. Not bad for a fun family dinner.
5	I went tonight alone for dinner.  I stayed next door at the Hilton and waled over.  I had a Salad with a good italian dressing.  They brought Garlic Bread.  I  had a Soda and water.  Each beverage was filled as needed.  My main course was Eggplant and Pasta. It was very good.  Owner came over and said hello.  They brought me a shot of Sambuca after dinner.  All for $18 dollars...a great value.
4	Had dinner here tonight with my husband, who had eaten here previously. The decor is old style Italian, and the food is amazing. I had the snapper and it was superb. It was served with linguini in a red sauce that had a slight kick. Pasta was perfectly prepared. My husband had the orange roughy which was in lemon caper sauce and was delicious, neither of us had eaten roughy before and we were pleasantly surprised. The desserts were traditional Italian desserts, so we decided to share a canoli, which was a great choice. The shell was crisp rather than soggy as some cannoli's can be. The filling had a hint of sambuca flavor. The only thing missing were the chocolate chips. Delicious meal and very attentive service, we would definitely go back. I would recommend calling for reservations as it is not too big a place and fills up quickly.
5	Looking for a place to dine with friends from California that was not overly expensive but good food was easy. The reviews of this place were great and when we did arrive a couple at another table were cleaning their plates to the last drop. We asked them what they had and they raved about the ravioli and gnocchi.  So that's what we ordered and we were not disappointed! Service was exceptional and food was wonderful. Unfortunately, we did not have dessert since the portions were more than satisfying. Can't wait to try the one on Greenway closer to our home.
4	Drove by many times before dining in one night with 2 kids, and a mother in law. The place is small but well appointed and has dim lighting, just like you'd expect for an Italian place.  The house ravioli is excellent, the recommended starter.  I think I had the tortellini, it was good, big portion, flavorful. After desert, the trimisu and chocolate gnash desert, our waiter dropped off a round of sambucca on the house.  They must do this for everyone, their way of saying thanks.  The service was above average and the cuisine hit the spot with me, so I'll be back again.
4	I've been told for a long time that Tutti Santi was a must-try for authentic Italian food in a romantic setting, and I finally got to try it.The Phoenix spot on 16th St. (there are five locations) is indeed romantic, since the restaurant is darkly lit with candles on linen-covered tables, with Italian decorative touches in its paintings covering the walls. The restaurant is divided into three parts-a main dining room, a smaller private area and a small bar area. If you mention you're having a romantic evening, and the place isn't too busy, they might even put you in the smaller room all by yourself, which is thoughtful.The service is top-notch. Not only was our server friendly and engaging and made us feel like his main focus, but all the other servers who came to our table were friendly and professional.We started with the Mozzarella Caprese ($11.95), which had thick hunks of mozzarella and sliced basil atop thickly covered tomatoes, smothered in diced tomatoes. I've never had a caprese dish where diced tomatoes were on top, but I love tomatoes, so I definitely didn't mind! It also came with some spicy peppers and olives, and all the factors complemented each other well.For my entree, I ordered the Homemade Ravioli alla Nina ($15.95), with ricotta cheese and spinach. I was able to get a combo of the tomato sauce and cheese sauce, and you could really tell the pasta was homemade. It was so delicate and almost melted in your mouth, and the sauces were amazing. I felt like the dish was a little too watery and would have preferred the pasta to have been thicker, but I'd rather have thin homemade pasta over pre-made stuff any day.My pal got the special, the orange roughy, which looked and smelled amazing. I really wanted to try it even though I don't eat fish, but the aromas were enough to make me know it was a tasty dish-which he agreed on.We of course had to try the tiramisu, my favorite dessert ever. There was so much mascarpone cream in the giant piece of dessert, and it was served very traditionally, covered in cocoa powder. The ladyfingers were soaked heavily, and the cream was amazing. It was a really, really good piece of tiramisu.Besides the scrumptious food, I loved that Tutti Santi had something for everyone, whether you want a romantic date night, an evening out with a big group or just want to chill at the bar and talk with the bartender. No matter what you go there for, it feels warm and friendly.
5	Tutti Santi superb food, ambiance, very attentive waiters!! They gave one in our party a free dessert as it was his birthday!! Just love that place!! Been there twice!! Never got anything less than a memorable experience!!!
5	Amazing food, amazing service, great atmosphere ! Always have an enjoyable experience every time we dine here.
4	Genuine italian old-style restaurant where the food as well the service lived up to my high expectations. Well worth the relatively high prices. I'll be back!
5	I love Tutti Santi on 16th St! The service is always top-notch. The setting is authentic Italian. It is the one place in town where I can get orange roughy-my favorite fish. It is prepared in the most divine lemon/caper sauce with artichoke hearts-truly spectacular. I love the flaming Sambuca at the end of the meal.
4	Stopped by after a Pilates class in that strip mall and was so pleasantly surprised by this unassuming restaurant. Great service and they were happy to cater to our picky dietary requests. I had a sea bass special and replaced the linguine w perfectly steamed veggies. Delicious. A nice and reasonably priced italian Pinot noir and a complimentary after dinner drink. Oh, and did I mention the garlic bread? Perfection. My friends had a chicken and mushroom dish and a penne dish. Even the caprese salad was special enough to pack up the leftovers. I will definitely be back.
4	"Great food and service. Would be good to have a kids menus to make it 5 stars.
5	Came here for a graduation celebration.  The family has been coming here since the owner has opened - 17 yrs I think he said?  We came as a party of 30 people and we had the place to ourselves for lunch since they are only opened for dinner.  They knew the owner that well.  Everything was great.  The owner is definitely a people person and was on top of things.  Even his staff was great.  We started with appetizers.  The ravioli was ok.  Think it was handmade.  I'm not a fan usually so just ok to me.  The calamari was good - pretty standard though.  I liked the mozzarella caprese b/c they had it with sauteed peppers and olives.  Bt those 3 and the bread, we had a meal right there.For the entree I had the Chicken Imperiale with Mixed Vegetables - chicken stuffed with fresh crab and shrimp topped with a light mushroom sauce.  This came recommended by the mom.  It was SO good!  The chicken with the crab and shrimp were done well but it was the mushroom sauce that had me.  It wasn't too thick or overwhelming.  So flavorful.  I could just eat that with the bread and I'd be happy.  I had leftovers and asked the server if I could have extra sauce.  He didn't think so since they make it fresh.  When he brought me back my food wrapped up, I found out that they had MADE me extra sauce and put it in my container.  BIG BONUS and BIG PLUS for them on customer service!!!  Oh I was a happy camper.  Hence why they get that 5th star.Had cheesecake for dessert that they make fresh there.  Yum!  Simple.  I looked at their website and saw they have other locations with dif. menu.  It seems like all the others have the same menu where they do fresh pasta.  This location is the only that is different. Will have to try it somewhere else.
3	For years, I've heard how good this place it. Maybe I didn't order the right thing, but I wasn't that impressed. The garlic bread was good, very buttery, so if you're dieting beware. My lasagna was just ok. The salas was very good and I compliment their use of leaf lettuce, not plain old iceberg. Service  was pretty good, but I wish they would have come refilled drinks more often or had larger glasses.
4	Get the Tiramisu! Light and delicious.
2	Can't review the food as we didn't stay long enough to order. We were there for dinner on a Friday evening and the place was empty.  My wife smelled Pine Sol and stale smoke as we got to our table.  We felt it better to go elsewhere. I've been to the one in Scottsdale on 90th St and it was great.
5	We found Tutti Santi on Yelp.  We are from out of town and were looking for a place to eat on the way to the Phoenix airport.The place was lovely.  My daughter had the gnocchi in a light cream sauce.  She loved it.  My husband had the spaghetti in bolognese sauce.  He said it was wonderful.  Of course portions were too huge!  I had the pasta and vegetables.  I ate the entire portion.  I can't believe I ate the entire portion!At the end of the meal, the friendly and oh so helpful waiter brought my husband and I a complementary shot of lit Sambuca with three coffee beans.  The beans were to symbolize past, present and future.  My daughter had the chocolate cake and I had the creme brule for dessert.  We had a wonderful experience and the meal was great.
5	Thank you Yelpers for your review here. I took your advice and had a fantastic meal. Service was excellent and the food was wonderful.
1	My main course of the tortellini was delicious, that being said, everything else was bad. I think it was because they did not seem to want our large party if 11, that on multiple times they let us know was an inconvenience (the restaurant was only 1/3 full), and when our napkins were mildew smellingand we politely asked for new ones, they treated us like we were rude, smelling the napkin and saying the entire bag came back from the laundry like this (hello, why would you out them on thetable then!) We also asked for new glasses because the store the napkins in the glasses. It was just horrible after that. The bread I was excited about was cold, wrong meals and drinks were brought with no apology. There was a good 30 minutes we saw noone, and we went through 4 different waiters. They over charged the gratuity and when we showed them the math they denied it only after asking for the manager they wrote in a new price. I will never go back. Even after all that we were standing out front at the benches saying our goodbyes when 2 different waiters came out and walked around the group. They seemed like they were trying to get us leave but I can't be positive.
5	My lord. The food here has got to be the best I have ever had. To start, the bread was to die for and to kill for. So crispy yet not burned, each bite melted in ny mouth. Their Lasagna was so perfect and flavorful. The tender Lasagna topped with a mozzarella so perfect words cannot describe could easily be called the crown jewel of this restaurant. The spinach stuffed ravioli was second to none. Each bite was a teip to heaven in a buick le sabre driven by God himself. The service was easily the best I've ever had, anywhere. The waiter was hilarious and a other staff was friendly and helpful. Before we left I believeit was Mama Santi walked me out and pinched my cheekies! I am absolutely in love with this restaurant and highly recommend that if you live in or are visiting Phoenix, you must visit. This restaurant really does make you feel like family.
5	Looking for some Italian food after the cardinals game and found this place on yelp. We were not disappointed at all. This place was beyond good. The service was more than I expected and the food was so delicious. The waiter was great and not to mention hilarious. We left there full and happy. Definitely a must have if you're in the area.
5	The entire experience was exceptional.  I travel a lot for work and try new places and gamble on a great experience. Let me tell you, this place was a winner.  The host was awesome from when I walked in, the service was awesome.  Not to mention the food, it was perfect.  I tried a variety of appetizers, the lasagna OMG delicious! And ravioli is to die for.... Dessert was great and had a surprise from our server, a flaming shot a some Dort of liquor with coffee beans inside.  A truly great experience, this is my first review but every time I get to Phoenix this is my first choice for dinner always.  Love this place
5	Homemade fresh Pasta!!!! Great... outstanding food from the beginnings to the grand finale!!!!!!!!! One of our favorite Italian Restaurants in the valley
5	This restaurant was recommended by the hotel staff where we stayed while out of town. The place was packed and seemed like it was worth the wait. The food was delicious and everyone at our table  enjoyed their meal. Nina, the owner, greeted all the guests and was lovely. Great meal and ambiance. We liked it so much we went back the next night!!
5	Great food! Friendly welcoming and fun staff. This food is incredible and the servers are so knowledgable! I've eaten here so many times! I know when I'm dining here ill always get the best authentic  Italian food In town. My family has eaten here for years we've celebrated birthdays and other special occasions! It's the place you take someone who you want to impress! It's fine dining at its best. We've taken business colleagues to out of town family and plan to continue to recommend it for years to come. Thanks for great experiences! Ralph and Courtney
5	If you are in Phoenix and want a great Italian meal this is it. We are staying at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak, this place is in walking distance of the hotel in a strip mall. What a fantastic meal and the service was as good!! We have a two year old and came in on valentines day. Not only were we welcomed in by a wonderful lady, I assume she is one of the owners but she took a liking to our daughter and made us feel so welcomed. Awesome...Awesome...Awesome
4	It's a hole in the wall place with big personality.  Don't judge a book by its cover.  In a strip mall same as gallaghers sports bar but tucked away in the corner. We had Seabass special, grilled chicken special and the tortellini rosa.  The Seabass was phenomenal.  The service was fast, attentive, and old school Italian with good humor.  The owner came over to visit and she chatted a while too.  No need to order appetizers as the salad came quickly, fresh hot garlic bread too.  The meal portions are hearty. Pleasantly surprised.  Concierge at Hilton suggested and was dead on with this one.
4	Dinner at the bar.  I've visited the other Tutti's and enjoyed them,  but this, the original,  is my favorite.  An attentive, accommodating bartender gave me glasses of a wine I love,  even though it isn't listed on the menu as by the glass. This immediately won me over.  Had the house salad with their own very good balsamic vinaigrette.  Opted for the special that night,  a ciopinno that was chock full of seafood and a flavorful broth. Didn't eat the bread,  but fellow diners told me it was great. They also raved about their pasta dishes,  one had gnocchi and the other ravioli.  Convivial atmosphere.  I enjoyed it very much and would go back.
5	A+ service the most Real and authentic Italian restaurant . The best ravioli in the world . Vincent took good care of us!
5	Wonderful food and service. Vincent was awesome.  May be the best Italian we've ever had.  We had the gnocchi, sirloin lasagna, sea bass/calamari/shrimp special. Found on yelp and trusted the reviews. You should do the same.  I guarantee you will not be disappointed.
5	I've been several times and had a great meal every time. Quite formal, table cloths etc but good quality food in appropriate portions.
2	I would say everything was okay.  Nothing special.  The service was a little awkward. We would have different people showing up at the table asking if we had been served our salad or if we needed anything. That is nice but to have to answer it over and over to different people got old.Past the time I thought we should have been served they came by to tell us that they were out of one of the dished we ordered. They asked us to let them know what else we would like.  We had to ask them for a menu to help decide. They guy brought us a menu and disappeared.  I flagged down the next available employee and told them what we wanted. The food was fine. My son got the red snapper as an alternative. It was very mediocre.
5	My husband, son and I just had dinner at Tutti Santi. We read the positive reviews and upon seeing that it was right near the pointe Hilton where we were staying we went there for dinner. The ambiance with the low lighting and an intimate setting was lovely. The calamari appetizer was very good and the dinner salad was simple and delicious, the main course was excellent. My husband and I each had veal dishes and my so had pasta. The pasta was perfectly cooked. The veal was tender and very tasty. The service was excellent and they even had a magician to entertain the guests. I would highly recommend this resteraunt for dinner.
5	I have been coming here with my family since it opened, years ago. The food is consistently good. All of their pasta dishes are excellent. If you like soups like the kind served in fine dining, they are known for their excellent soups of all kinds,  particularly their lentil vegetable, stratetella soup, and minestrone.  On rare occasions they have Osso Bucco roasted veal lamb shank. It is superb.  If you are unsure what to try first on the menu, be sure to order the Penne Bolognese.
1	I was staying at the Pointe Hilton and figured to give this place a try after reading all the great reviews and seeing it was close.  I had the Chicken Al Momento , with salad and a cup of cream of  mushroom soup .  The salad was a balsamic vinigerette and it was pretty lame. It only came with one small tomato slice and no onions or pepperincinis like you get at many Italian Restaurants. The soup was ok and the Chicken Al Momento was ok , but it was served on a very small bed of spaghetti , I mean a box of pasta is about a buck and a half , put some more on the plate. The menu at this Phoenix location was very limited and being from Chicago I had higher expectations.
4	We ate  there last night- we are vegetarians and had the ravioli and the eggplant parm. Both were delicious! We had Tiramisu for dessert and it was great!  Our server was attentive but not intrusive.We will go back!
5	I was craving Italian food while on an anniversary trip with my husband.  Decided to try this place since it was within walking distance of our resort.  Glad we did!  I had the ravioli, which was not what I intended on having, but I'm glad I did.  I normally steer clear of anything with ricotta cheese but decided to go for it.  The ravioli was homemade with ricotta cheese and spinach.  It had a mixture of white and red sauce and was delicious.  The sauce was just enough to cover the ravioli but not over-bearing.  The hubs had the chicken florentine and it was also very good. I'm not exactly sure what kind of sauce it had but it tasted like a wine sauce of sorts.  It came with two decent sized chicken breasts covered in spinach and topped with sauce with a side of penne pasta that had what I assume was a tomato-type sauce.  Very good!  They provide you with a basket full of delicious and plentiful garlic bread.  The service was great and the atmosphere was very nice.  It's located in the corner of a strip mall.  We wore jeans with nice shirts, I saw some people in shorts and others were dressed pretty nice...dresses, collared shirts, etc.  If you're looking for good, authentic Italian food, this is the place!!
5	This place is a home run every time!Always a nice spot for a date or intimate dinner with close friends and family, Tutti Santi is our go-to for authentic Italian.  The service is top notch.   Their gnocchi is, in my opinion, the best in the Valley.  Try it with their pink sauce (you need to request this as the menu lists a cream sauce with a splash of marinara).  My husband loves the Ravioli alla Nina.  It's so good. Sometimes ravioli dishes are so darn heavy, but not here!  Nina's sauces achieve the fine balance of lightness and flavor and this dish is a prime example.Finally, try the tiramisu.  Light, fluffy and packed with flavor, this dessert is a great way to end a wonderful meal.
5	Honestly this is the best Italian food I've ever had. The only bummer is that it's ruined Italian food for anywhere else I go.  Pretty much anything you order is incredible. The ravioli and eggplant parmesan are my 2 favorites and my husband loves the lamb. Whenever we do go out for Italian, it's only to Tutti Santi.
5	One of the masseuses nearby gave us this place as a recommendation for dinner over the weekend. WOW was it delish! I got the Chicken Imperiale and my friend got the homemade ravioli. Both dishes were incredible. Our server Marco was lovely (anyone who calls me "bella" is :) ). Tutti Santi is tucked away in a corner in the small strip area at North 16th Street and Morten, near the Hilton Squaw Peak. I get my nails done in here and somehow had never noticed this quaint restaurant. I can't wait to come back!
5	I'm not sure that I've ever post a 5 star rating before. My wife and I decide to have out anniversary dinner at Tutti Santi.  The reviews were positive so we gave it a try. We were not disappointed. The meal started with warm garlic bread. The waiter built a rapport immediately. The drinks came promptly. Our food order was the house specialty of ravioli and a veal dish.  Both orders were exceptional. What topped off the experience was Trace, the waiter. He brought us sambuka the was lit on fire with three espresso beans in it. He directed us to drink the shot he while leaving one bean in the glass. He explained that one bean was for the present, one for the future and one for the past. You are to leave the past in the glass. The Rocket was successful but I was unable to leave the past behind me. We finished with tiramisu, coffee and espresso.  It was a great meal but went well beyond that with the service provided to make a special night epic.
5	Found this place tonight after searching on yelp for a local restaurant. When we walked in we were greeted warmly by the staff. Vincent was his name and he was quite the gentleman, quite the character, and quite the  waiter. Our food was fantastic. We tried everything from escargot to a couple of desserts. None of it disappointed. Given it's location in a strip mall, you would never expect to find a gem like this. It is one of the top rated Italian restaurants  in Phoenix and one taste you will see why. Make sure to try this place, you will not regret it!
5	Let me start this by saying we have been into Tutti Santi for a couple years... and a couple weeks ago were inspired to brag. The Carpaccio ap is wonderful- if there is a prosciutto melon that is just as good. Don't skip on the garlic bread and olive oil...it pairs perfectly with a Caesar with anchovies. Robbie- stop giving us such wonderful super Tuscan's ... or don't... the wine is wonderful as is your hospitality. Have been in the industry for over 15 years and we can't thank you enough for our experiences there. Try the house penne- artichoke and watercress with plenty of garlic... and order the tiramisu ahead of time with your ouzo! It runs out fast. Bon Appetite! Angela
5	Excellent    Great food   Strong drinks   Excellent service   Homemade lasagne was tremendous     Definitely worth the drive !
5	Amazing Chicken Fiorentina and the Agnello is their lamb shank where the meat fell off the bone. Great time with friends and Sambuca after completed the night. If you ever been to Italy, this was home.
5	Excellent service and food!! The Raviolis are a Must!  I order the chicken farm, which isn't on the menu.  Best I've had.
