3	I like the interior and location of this Starbucks.  I used to work at the Home Depot across the street -- so I got used to this place before work.  Anyway, besides applying here and not even getting called for an interview, lol,  I liked this place...pretty large and comfortable seating inside.  Fast and friendly service...and with a drive-thru.  Parking is horrible though...as it shares it with like 4 other businesses...and there is also a Dennys right there.  Oh well...nice Starbucks never-the-less.
4	The only 24-hour location in the SouthWest.
1	Here's the thing: I love Starbucks. I get at least 3 lattes everyday and use the Internet access. At this Starbucks the Internet wasn't working, the electrical outlets didn't work, and it was so dirty I didn't wanna sit down. I went to the starbucks down the street and was much happier.
2	I had just arrived to Vegas when I got to this Starbucks. I needed to get online and do some stuff before hitting the town. Much to my dismay, this place was really busy and packed! I couldn't believe how crazy it was in there. I didn't have a choice though, I had to wait it out until someone got up from their seat. There's a good amount of room to sit...if you can find a seat! So if you're looking for somewhere to go and get some work done, find a different Starbucks. I went here on two different occasions and it was the same both times. That said, the guy who took my order was cool, but the baristas looked like they wanted to shoot themselves. No personality, no interaction. I don't know if I blame them though because they must be going non-stop in that place. The guy dropped my panini on the floor, but he got me a new one no problem. Just the icing on the cake for this experience.
4	Some people go to coffee shops to study, work, socialize, whatever...  I go to them get some caffeine, and it is usually when I am headed to work. So for me, the faster I can get in and out, the better... This is why a Starbucks with a drive-thru will almost always get more stars from me then ones without. And this location has a drive-thru. This location also has cheerful employees. If you do want to go inside, as other reviewers mentioned parking can be rough if you try to park up front... There is ample parking in back though.
3	One of the few Starbucks that are open 24hrs.  No matter what time you come here, it's always filled with people.  This is not a place where you can study unless you're one that can study in an active and noisy setting.  I came here at 3am and there were still a good amount people.  Free WiFi but more of the concern is finding a seat where you can use your laptop.  Would have given this a 2 star but I kinda have a crush on one of the barista in this joint. She's cute, cool funny personality...oh i better shut up, i'm going off the subject. So yea, this place is very active and crowded so I recommend another place if you go during the early hours because this place gets crowded.
4	I LOVE that this Starbucks is open 24 hours AND it has a drive thru.  Definitely needed in Vegas.  The staff was friendly, efficient, and timely and that was at 11pm.  It was refreshing to see such hardworkers that enjoy their jobs.  Nothing is wrong with having fun as long as you're working at the same time.
4	This has to be the busiest Starbuck's in the Southwest Valley. This cafe has been hyper-jumping both times I have been here. It feels more like being in a party than a cafe.  It also looks like it was recently refurbished. There are.various seating arrangements. The neatest seating are the three stools at the counter. This Starbucks is the Southwest version of the Eastern at I-215 Starbuck's. It is hyper jumping. Open 24 hours, with thr exception that it closes 1-4 on Mondays. And adjacent to a Fitness center.
1	Super slow service. Don't come here. They had five people working on a Sunday morning. Zero people in the drive thru. Only one person was working the dine-in customers with 8 people in line. Three workers were waiting for the drive thru line just talking and doing nothing. The exact same thing happened on Saturday as well.
4	The coffee was hot and it was right around the corner from the condo. Grande bold every morning and didn't have to wait.
4	Great service and very friendly. The gal from Yakima, WA was fun to talk to.
4	Needed to kill some time one Saturday afternoon. Found this on the map. Rather roomy with multiple spots for electronics, but it may be full. Oh, and if the bathroom is locked make sure someone didn't just lock it on the way out.
4	24 HOUR STARBUCKS! Not too far from the Vegas strip. Plenty of seating, plenty of plugs for laptops, etc. They even have plugs under the long couch/bench thing. This place is busy all night, which is probably the reason why its not the cleanest of Starbucks. Easy fix, hire more barista's, or ones that do not think they are too good to come out behind the counter and wipe down a table or two. In their defense, I could not see how the 3 working could find time to clean or stock the display case. Needs at least 4 people on staff at all times. Upper management needs to pay more attention to this location. Right now @ 12:30am, the line is 10 deep. Who knows how many in the drive through.Nice mix of characters walking through. If your looking for an asian girlfriend or boyfriend, this is the place to be.  Kris Kristofferson walked in while I was there. If it was not him, he has a twin. Chris D. - 70 year olds on laptops talking about breast implants is WHY I WANT TO BE HERE. I love quirky, different people.
3	This Starbucks gets my order wrong at least 1 of 4 times. This is the closest one to my office so I go here often. My biggest gripe is that I don't want to have to check everything I got before I leave the store, if I get stuff for co-workers I am sure they don't want my gems in their drink.
4	Sniff sniff Aahh nothing like the smell of coffee. I'm not really crazy about     starbucks, but I am a caffeine addict, and now that I took the first step on accepting my Addiction is time to take the second step...... I'll have a  medium caramel frappuccino with an extra  shot of espresso please! ( guess my nationality).    This location is open 24 hours and has a drive thru. the place is very spacious, it has a few couches and tables. People using their lap tops taking advantage of free wi fi, talking to friends, enjoying their pimped up cup of joe. Only a few blocks away from the strip it gets a little busy.  My coffee was good, can't complain, the secret is in the coffee. Anything with coffee tastes good. Service was also good, the Batista was fast and attentive. It may seem like an easy job to do but is very hard to deal with customers going through withdrawals and in need of their quick fix. The only problem I had was that  I ordered a medium and got the grande, (lost in translation) no big deal, other than that it was a great experience! I'm sure I'll be back for more!                p.s. Always tip the barista. They're in control of the caffeine. If you know what I mean.
1	This place is probably one of the busier Starbucks in town wing open 24/7.Although I love the fun personality of the baristas at Starbucks..Asking me if I wanted a hot or cold frapp and proceeding to get annoyed with my response is definitely not funny."I'd like a grande pumpkin spice frappucino.""do you want that hot or cold?""I'd like the pumpkin spice frappucino please?""I heard you the first time do you want it hot or cold?""... Cold?""ugh next window please, you have no sense of humor"And no I don't have a bad sense of humor, you have a bad way of earning tips.Insulting your customers, not apologizing, and having an attitude= bad for business.
4	This is 1 of 2 24 hour locations (not in a casino). The other is on Eastern. I love going here on my way to the strip. This is a very busy, but very efficient location. Great friendly service and my favorite drinks all night long. Free wifi too!
3	Well what kinda stinks about this place is made up for with really great tasting drinks. Most starbucks I go to, I engage in a chat with the baristas. As busy as this one is, you can forget about chatter and just watch your drink become another cog in the machine. Speaking of machines, this starbucks uses that nifty label printer that makes a sticker on the side of your cup. Kinda cool, depending on your mood.This location has long waits too and it is a happening spot. You probably will have to go into "stalker status" just to get a seat. 3 stars simply because it has goods and bads. Good tasting drinks. Bad place to engage in random chatter or meet with someone to catch up.
3	excellent barristers, great clientelle, all Asian and Ethiopean customers, a few Arab nation people, at midnight all the young Japanese and Chinese girls with beach blonde hair come in wearing spike heels and the latest fashions, many of my fellow students from UNLV also. Homeless people and meth-addicts have a bad habit of using and holding up the rest-rooms., coffee could be better (stronger) some of the barristers have a habit of brewing it rather weak to their liking. All the employees are the best instead of the short fat guy that is rude with no personality on the later shift. dont go for the free wi-Fi..its the slowest in the world, One big problem they have is homeless people sleeping in the recliners and snoring loud. The employees never wake them up or are too busy to go over and shake them. Lots of free sleepers. so you wont be able to get a chair.
4	I try not to review every single Starbucks and Coffee bean that I go to because probably it will be about 80% of my reviews, but I came to this one this morning for my regular coffee and this place is very nice. Nice location and parking. The place is large (or maybe because I am used to the ones in Los Angeles, which are very small) and has a lot of chairs and sofas, so even when they have a lot of customers , the place doesnt feel that crowded. The staff is very friendly (again, probably because I come from LA so I am not used to that). Free wifi (although you get that everywhere nowadays). So nothing else to add..just enjoying my Cinnamon dulce latte and writing reviews!! Enjoy.....
1	I can't believe I am giving a Starbucks a 1 star review.That being said, I stopped in at this Starbucks after a meeting with my photographer for my wedding and before I had to be at work. It was convenient for me and in the area. There's a drive-thru, but because I had plenty of time before I had to be at work I figured I would just go in.The place was full of people, but there were some free seats. I walked right up and put in my order. Mocha, iced, non fat, no whip. Doo doo doo.... So I figure I'll go sit down at a table and wait. Surely I will hear them call my drink. NOPE.Not once did I hear my drink called. NOPE. DIDN'T CALL MY DRINK. So I walk up to the bar (mind you, it's really only been about 4 minutes, but there was ONLY 2 people who ordered after me) and I see my drink, just effing sitting there. As I see it, the barista starts to take it away and gives me this "WTF do you want?" look. And then he snottily says, "Are you waiting for a drink?" And I said, "YES" and he says, "Well we've been calling this one out for awhile."YEA. CUZ I TOTALLY DIDN'T HEAR YOU CALL MY DRINK IN THE QUIET, SMALL AREA WE'RE ALL IN RIGHT NOW.What a little bitch.
5	Love my Starbucks, but it sucks sitting outside, to many pan handlers.
5	Great crew at grave yard shift! The rest are ok they get a 4 star.
5	There is a lot of Asian over here ;) always a lot of plp overs here 24/7 ;) love it anyway service are good plp r nice, great store
4	This is the closest starbucks to my work,  so its where i head for my last minute hot chocolate in the morning or if my boss wants one.  This location is great if your on the go because of he drive-thru featured at this location. Because it is on Tropicana, you are gonna have a small wait in a cramped location. The staff is super knowledgeable and pretty quick, but since it's on a main drag, visible from Tropicana, next to about 10 store's and the gym, and across the street from the park..it is constantly backed up. Because of the small layout and limited seating, this is not the ideal location to sit and just enjoy yourself with your friends-if you would like that type of scenario you should probably get your coffee to go. The staff makes good small talk if there not too busy, but it seems like the staff is always changing. They always make my order correctly, but I don't have a very challenging order - Hot Chocolate most of the time. Sometimes pan-handlers can take away from the experience, but eh whatcha gonna do?Cheers!~MikeB
4	One of the only Starbucks I actually LIKE to drink at. They're very consistent, most likely due to the huge number of customers they get on a daily basis. This place is always packed. Aside from the consistent drinks, the abundance of outlets, its close proximity to my house, and 24 hour opening hours make it a great place to study. However, it's often TOO packed. The outside seating is always full of taxi drivers and Asian international students. It's impossible to walk into this Starbucks without wading through a thick cloud of cigarette smoke. The seating indoors is pretty abundant, but the number of single patrons taking up tables that fit 2-4 people are equally abundant.I try to come here after midnight for late night studying if I really can't concentrate at home.
4	It is a Starbucks. Enough said! ... well, kind of  - this is a super high volume - 24 hour - non-stop machine!   Good service, good employees, but still Starbucks.
5	Coffee...... What can I say? They are great at their jobs and at 2AM  I NEED COFFEE.. I am spoiled and cant drink the Circle K Crap, so a 24 hour Starbucks is what I need.  I have been going here for over 7 years. I have seen staff change, managers change, but they always make my drink right and are pleasant to see when I go into the store.
5	I like this place because there are lots of people here. The internet connection is pretty good. I like to come here and work on my business. Thank you starbuck
5	Fast drive through.....awesome customer service.....great pumpkin spice frapp.....this Starbucks is on a very busy corner was very impressed with there quick service....will def. stop by again
2	Drive-thru, good, customer service, good. However, i always order one type of coffee and they never taste same. It shows me that the training is very poor.
3	On Saturday morning, at 10:00, there was only one person in line in front of me. The building was packed, however. I ordered my usual Vanilla Latte, but it tasted slightly burnt and under flavored. I was in a hurry, so I didn't ask them to fix it.
3	Usually less busy at 8am than the other Starbucks locations in Spring Valley and the drive thru is open again! Free wifi as usual and lots of place to sit.
4	Ok I know thinking what is there really too add too another Starbucks review. It not as though its major chain and seen one seen them all. It not often that you find ones that stay open 24 hours. I did notice that they do close from one hour in day 3:30-4:30. I still remember the first time heard them staying open 24/7 like YES Frappuccino urge good too go! Naturally I had too order one. I went with one of the newer (on my menu brought it back) ones Mocha Cookie Crumble. Good. Honestly think next time would stick with the safe or my favorite just straight up Mocha or Caramel. I never got much of hint of Cookie in it, Mocha definitely had nice flavor, and Crumble no idea where that was in it. Still any Frappuccino on hot Vegas day is a beautiful thing. The interior design talk about completely updated or really has been years since the last time stopped by this location. It felt like night and day for me. Now you have whole deli section with sandwiches, other drinks besides coffee (bottle water, fruit juices, and lot of different selection can choose) can purchase, and like the fact its separate rather then in front of the register area. Still have nice display of baked goodies like normal. Instead of all stand up tables or tables. They still do but have one long rectangle table more like family table can sit down with lap top get stuff done and have your coffee. The artwork hanging all around the walls really modern too the lighting fixtures. All creating great ambience too kick back with coffee chill do some reading, talking stories with friends, or going on lap top do whatever. The only negative is this location is pretty busy all the time.. I go too the gym all the time in the same shopping plaza and always people going in and out or hanging outside little patio area. The service was great! I did find it odd that she never mention about HH price on Frappuccino from 3-5. I was wondering why my grande was so cheap. Unfortunately only promotion till next week. If looking for a laid back Starbucks one that nice size, great place too people watch too since so busy, great ambience, and relax with friends. I would recommend coming too this location. Hopefully able too find spot too sit down can be a drawback.
1	I really don't like leaving bad reviews but this place has horrible service, dirty bathrooms, always out of paper towels and the heavier set lady who's name i forgot is always in a bad mood and giving me dirty looks every time. She either hates her job or is so well established in this place that she could care less about the service she provides. I go in the restroom and it is pretty filthy. Dirty floors, no paper towels, it didn't seemed like they were under staffed but maybe they are if they can't get around to it enough in such a busy location. I could easily cope with all that if the service was good but the employees here need an attitude adjustment. It wasn't just her, it was also one of the darker skin gentlemen who's name I also can't remember. I guess it's for the better but next time I will get my coffee in town square where the energy is good and employees treat you like a real guest. You can even taste their bad attitude by the burnt coffee they're make.
3	1 star by default for being a mostly reliable chain cafe1 star for great wifi and chill atmosphere1 star for being open 24 hrsMinus 2 stars for rude baristas who don't understand the first thing about customer service. Customer service tips for the baristas: Acknowledge your patrons, especially when there is a long line forming instead of having a prolonged conversation with your friend/coworker. Make eye contact with customers (etiquette 101). Don't act like customers are impinging on your time and everything they ask for is a nuisance. You are there to serve not be served on.  We all understand that this is a busy location and that you have to deal with a lot of people. However, it's no excuse for dropping the level of customer service. If you want decent tips, then raise the bar of your service.
1	Terrible drive through experience.  Terrible service.  We were prepared for a long wait the line at the drive-in was crazy but we weren't prepared for every food item we ordered to be out, after specifically asking if it was available. To top that off the substitutions we were offered were also out.  Insult to injury this is the second Las Vegas Starbucks I have been to that refused to make items off the secret menu. Really?? Every other city I have been to will serve a grasshopper frapachino... I will not be back to this store and I am filling a complaint with corporate.
1	I've been in the line up so long I thought I would write a review!!!! Smell is very odd and even though there aren't a lot of people we have been here forever, just waiting.....
2	Drive thru is slooooooow, inside is slooooooow. I could roast my own beans by the the time it takes to get a drink here.  There can be 4 cars in the drive thru and its 10-15 min some days!
4	TLDR: renovated facility; 24 hours (except 2a-4a) excluding drive thru sometimes), always busy, iffy customer serviceStarbucks is attempting to go above and beyond the norm by upgrading its facilities and food options. With the new decor, added seating, and new grab and go island, this location is meeting the new norm with its chains. I love how this facility is 24 hours for my late night coffee fix or study space. Sometimes they close the interior from 2a-4a for cleaning, which is smart for any business, but they keep the drive-thru open. Because of their operating hours, I'm able to maximize my benefits for my gold card by getting copious amounts of coffees and teas with my free refills. The service is par and I get mixed reviews, but I mostly get great service. I always approach with a smile and I'm often reciprocated. The restrooms do need attention, but I guess it's just so busy in the drive thru that it's neglected. Maybe it's fixed around that 2am cleaning time. One thing I enjoy about Las Vegas is it's diversity and I definitely see the melting pot here. With its location close to the Strip, I always see a group of Ethiopians ritualistically drinking their coffee, the group of Koreans meeting up, and those group of flight attendants and taxi drivers. There are people from all walks of life enjoying a shared space. It makes me appreciate how far we have come as a society and what privilege we are allowed to enjoy.
5	Never too busy at the drive thru so in ever have a long wait time which is always a good thing!!
3	This location is convenient and has a good amount of indoor and outdoor seating. I came on a Sunday afternoon for a few hours to work on my laptop. A mistake was made on my drink (but for the record, they probably would have remade it if I asked them to).My bigger concern was that while sitting there, I oversaw at least 3 guests screaming at the counter for various issues. The employees didn't empathize or apologize, they actually seemed to be completely disinterested. One employee was even laughing in the face of an upset guest (wrong).I didn't have any big problems here and I hope I never do because, as I have witnessed, there is a big chance the employees wouldn't give a damn.
4	I come here all the time on my lunch break to do homework or just escape from work for a bit. It is a great atmosphere and keeps people coming back, and it shows! The place is always packed and sometimes I even have to leave because there is no available seating!!! The only thing that keeps me from giving it full stars is the attitude of some of the baristas some times. It can be harsh. I understand that it must be hard sometimes dealing with this crowd though so I never let it offend me.
4	Open 24 hrs except Sundays closes at 4 am for cleaning.Helpful happy employees , clean , ethnically diverse patrons and plenty parking unless you are one of those people who must park right in front. They don't seem to mind when tons of people ask for free ice water.Indoor seating gets filled during peak hours.NOTE : late at night the outside area can attract pan handlers and people who will approach you with "emergency situations" that need your financial help.
4	I've never been crazy about Starbucks when compared to a mom and pop shop but this is one of the few Starbucks that is done correctly the baristas quick and efficient and when you ask for light ice it gives you light ice
2	I am a regular at about 3 Starbucks' locations here in town and this is by far the worst one. Yes, they are very busy, but this does not excuse the mediocre service and dirty tables on a regular basis. This location seems to be the preferred spot for local cabbies and you can almost always count on a 8-10 person line, which is fine and does not factor into my 2 star rating for this Starbucks. What DOES affect my rating are at the following1) Consistently dirty tables, floors, and restroom. You can almost always count on having empty cups, spilled milk/half and half, sugar, etc both on the tables and on the straw/napkin area. Seems like perhaps a lack of proper staffing and/or lack of awareness.2) Compared to other Starbucks, staff seems extremely smug and unhappy except for 2 or 3 employees. Yes, we know it's busy and this location is probably more difficult than other locations, but you have a great job and are consistently busy. 3) Regardless of how complicated your drink is, you are PAYING good money for it. My drink is almost $7 and I have at least 5 per week. No other location has ever had an issue making it, yet here, "Ben" the barista, seemed to have a problem with how the drink was ordered and when he called it out at the bar, he used a very smug and sarcastic tone which is NOT appreciated. If you don't like your service job, don't be in service buddy.
1	This is the slowest service. After waiting 20mins or longer, the barristas still get orders wrong 90% of the time..We stopped going. We rather drive 3 more miles down rainbow to get a decent  statrbucks coffee.
3	This is a funky Starbucks, but the closest to my work. Not my favorite one, I have to admit.The crew is always smiling and pleasant enough. But they do seem to be training people a lot. Maybe high turnover?
1	This place. I've tried to give them so many chances. Such a convenient location. But their drive thru takes at least 15 minutes each time. Very inconvenient.
3	A-OK Starbucks located on Tropicana. The location is open 24 hours which is great. Staff is neutral (not rude but not overwhelmingly friendly). I did notice some peddlers outside the shop though, which is not great.
