5	If you like pizza by the slice you must go to Ian's, whether it's for lunch or after-bar food.  Ian's sets itself apart by being anything but normal.  You will find such pizzas as mac and cheese, Philly cheesesteak, chicken cordon bleu, etc.  Whenever I am back in Madison I stock up on pizza and bring it back to Minneapolis because you simply can't find anything like it anywhere else I have been.  If you're ever passing through the Madison area it is worth the stop.  Check out their website for more information.http://www.iansdelivery.com/
5	As soon as I clicked on Ian's, my mouth started to fill up with saliva. It's THAT good. Their mac and cheese slice is uh-maz-ing! But their lasagna slice just might be my favorite. I filled up my frequent buyer card more times than I'd like to admit. Oh, and Ian is just so cute.
5	This is the place to be at 2am.  Their mac and cheese pizza cannot be beat.  Great place to hit up if you're craving a quick slice.
5	I dream about Ian's pizza sometimes now that 3,000 miles tragically separates me from their $2.75 slices of perfection.  *Sigh.  For those still in Madison, you must try:  BBQ Chicken pineappleChicken pestoMac & CheeseChicken ParmThe best cure for that feeling you get when you just start to realize that last shot of Jose wasn't such a great idea....
5	I remember when this place first opened with just Ian working behind the counter.  Thankfully, over the last 5 years people have caught on to his ingenious and delicious approach to pizza.  With so many creative combinations your mouth is never bored.Ian's is truly one-of-a-kind.  If you've never been there you're doing your mouth and stomach a great injustice.  Go there.  It's fantastic and cheap.And get the mac and cheese slice.
5	WHO COULDNT LOVE THIS PLACE???  THE LOVELY DECO, PIZZA AND PEOPLE!  MAYBE SOMEDAY I WILL HAVE ENOUGH MONEY TO BUY IAN'S AND EAT IT ALL BY MYSELF! WELL MAYBE I WILL GIVE A SLICE TO MY SISTER...AND MY MOM...AND ALL OF YOU YELPERS OUT THERE!LUV YA IAN'S!
1	I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it. But I don't like it. I don't get the appeal, especially of their "specialty" slices. Most of them look like triangular barf - and when I've been out drinking for hours and want drunk food, I definitely don't want something that looks like barf.
5	Super ridiculously delicious and fast; they always feature a nice array of vegetarian options. Often they play loud reggaeton at 1 AM, which is a nice way to re-invigorate and head back out to keep drinking.
5	Big fan of Ian.  And his pizza.
5	I went there only once, but I love it. I sometimes crave for their steak & fries pizza. Madison is so far away from here. *sigh*
4	Easily among the best slices in Madison.
4	Yum with a capital "y" here.  I tried their steak BBQ pizza (which sounds sketchy but it was fabulous) and was very impressed. It gets another point, because it shares the same name with my boyfriend that also happens to be quite wonderful. The crust on the bottom stayed crunchy and it didn't get soggy. It only loses a star because their regular plain cheese slice could have be improved because it put too much cheese on it and not enough sauce.
4	Uber innovative flavors a la mac and cheese, philly cheesesteak, etc.  Bonus: all flavors available by the slice so a group can choose a myriad and sample each others'.  However delectable the toppings the crust is nothing to complain about--crispy without being burnt.  There's another location on State Street as well.
4	How anyone doesn't get the appeal of Ian's is beyond me. I'm with Kate - living 3000 miles away makes you want your college days back., specifically so you can hit up Ian's at 2a.  The mac & cheese pizza is amazingly good. Oh sweet Ian.
5	They just have lots of tasty crazy-ass pizzas. Or maybe everyone else is crazy for not doing what Ian's does.Ian's is one of the places I miss the most about Madison. If you're looking for a plain slice of cheese or pepperoni pizza, don't go here. Go here if you're looking for creative slices and want to try something different.In the several times I've been to Ian's, I've always enjoyed their macaroni pizzas. For some reason, it just works, although I'd like to see them work in some spiral macaroni in there. I just had a slice of black bean based pizza with feta and avocado, and it was good - not something I would fantasize about during alone time, but good. The other one was macaroni and chicken. Oh baby. That was definitely too-much-information-but-yes-I've-thought-about-this-slice pizza.Their slices are pretty large too. Normally, I'd be happy with one, but they look so good that I always have to have another.My least favorite part about going here was the lack of seating, but then I found out that they added another location on State, and I think that has alleviated some traffic.
5	Got the mac and cheese pizza!  Man, was it tasty.. and you would think it's too many carbs, with the mac plus the pizza, but the pizza is super thin and flaky.  I actually wish I could have tried the caprese pizza (basil, moz, and tomato), but i was too full!
5	Best pizza in town. The Kalamata Olive Pesto Pie is so amazing, we have called ahead, and if you ask, they will make it so that there are fresh slices to buy when you show up.The staff is really nice, friendly and helpful. An added bonus to go with the perfect East Coast Style Slice.
5	where else in the world can you get mac n cheese pizza, or steak and fries. every magical time i was able to go here i loved it. the spinach feta pizza is awesome. pretty much anything you see will be good. and it's not just a gimmick! the pizza is genuinely good and I'll eat every last bite of crust. i hope that one day i can tour around again and come back for more pizza!
4	I still don't have the guts to try their mac/cheese pizza ..someday :)
5	I know it isn't the greatest pizza in the world, but it isn't really about being pizza. This is more like a streamlined delivery device for everything from steak to mexican to classic comfort foods.  Ian's is quintessential part of being a UW student, especially with the demise of so many other of the campus area's late night pizza joints.Craziest slice I ever had there was a one-off they had created at lunch. It was poached pear with walnuts, brie, and microgreens. I think. That's close at least.
5	I LOVE Ian's pizza!  I will say that 99% of the time when the girlfriend and I go to the Saturday farmer's market.  I've not had some of the more crazier slices that they have there, but hey, the pepperoni pizza is still good, too!
4	There is simply nothing better than Mac & Cheese pizza when you are drunk at 2 a.m.  Nothing.  Ever.  In life.I like their other slices (some more than others), but not enough to warrant 5 stars.  The Mac & Cheese pizza can have 5 stars, though, and also my first born child.It gets crazy busy with drunk people late at night (biiiiig lines), but they're good at paring down the line quickly while dealing with drunken hijinks.
5	I lived on the west coast for 5 years and dearly missed my mac and cheese late night pizza. Good after bar food.
4	So, I hate to say this, but this is not a 5 star pizza joint. People just think it is because people only ever eat here when they are blasted out of their skulls after bar time.This place turns into a mad house after 2 pm. It is the campus after party I swear.I used to live three houses down from this joint. If you ever hear the story about the guys that used to dance naked in front of the giant plate  glass window, that was us.This joint is the reason freshman girls go from hot to chunky.The mac and cheese pizza is a Madison must have after a night of binge drinking.Poem time....My god what happened ?Where the hell is my right shoe ?Pizza saves the day.Talent Level ? Hot and Hammered.
4	This is a great place to go and get full on some pizza, particularly after a cold evening of enjoying the bars and tromping around in the snow. You'll read about the creative pizzas they have (Mac'n'Cheese).It is a bit crazy with drunken university students, but if you get past that bit, it's an enjoyable and warm stop on the way home!
1	I don't even like this pizza when I'm drunk.  I eat it, but I don't like it.  I know everyone thinks Ian's is great because they make such wild and crazy pizzas, but some things were not made to be together.  I've had much better renditions of some of their other pizzas (i.e. pesto pizza) at other restaurants (and in my kitchen) and Ian's finishes dead last.
3	I'd give it 3.5.  They have some different pizzas than you'd normally find but nothing spectacular.  If you want to try something different or can't decide between pizza and steak, go here.
4	Great place to go after a visit to the Children's Museum.
5	Amazing and fun pizza. If you go here expecting deep dish or traditional pizzas, you will not like it. If you're an adventurous eater and want to try different pizzas, this is the place for you. Need to try the Chicago location.
4	I love Ian's. Having moved to Madison from the Northeast, where pizza-by-the slice is a staple, I was thrilled when Ian's arrived on the scene. I am also very happy for Ian and how well his business is thriving. I am familiar with Ian's conceptual mothership, Antonio's Pizza in Amherst, Massachusetts, so I appreciate inventive pizza. I know Ian's caters to its Midwest, beer-guzzling undergrad crowd with mac 'n' cheese and other heavy slices like the shepherd's pie. But I love Ian's for its 'fresher' recipes, such as black bean-avocado-feta and the kalamata olive tapenade- based mediterranean slices. Lately, I have been somewhat disappointed by the limited availability of these 'fresher' options and especially by the designation of certain of these as "seasonal." I wonder if Ian would consider resurrecting perhaps one of these recipes at a time to rotate throughout the off-seasons. Regardless, Ian's is my favorite quick-eat near campus.
3	If you want a mid-western cultural take on the good ole college town stand-bye, this is your joint.  Their unique selection, as other reviewers have mentioned, is what makes this place worthwhile. If you just want pepperoni, aint' nothing different here than at Papa Johns or any other chain, it seems.   Their location(s) right by campus also help their popularity.
4	Ian's is launching Frozen Yogurt!!My bf and I happened to be at their product launch event and got to sample the tangy, refreshing sweet cream (plain) and salt caramel. What amazed me was Ian's commitment to use local products (Yogurt from Sugar Valley) and eco-friendly fro-yo cups. I think at least 4 stars should be awarded to their healthy attitude. The frozen yogurt itself was OK - I would say 3.5 stars. I loved the all natural, really yogurt tangy taste, but the texture felt bit waterly. I'm looking forward in tasting more varieties in the future.
4	I know many people consider Ian's overrated and costly, but for the options, inventive slices, and fun crowd I dont think I have much to complain about other than somewhat pokey delivery. The mac n cheese pizza is obviously delightful, but the others, including mozzarella/tomato/basil is a great take on the traditional margerita, the guacamole burrito, and many others are great.  Also, they offer you the option to build your own and this is a great deal for getting exactly what you want. Not only have I never had a bad slice, but am still in awe of just how cheap the 20" cheese, pep, or sausage pizzas are....
4	Love the Mac and Cheese.
3	I think I have had some of the world's best pizza - John's Pizzeria in NY, Mozza and Abbott's in LA and I gotta be honest, Ian's doesn't really measure up. That said, I get why this place is so beloved in a college town like Madison: unique flavors, eco-friendly products, late hours, and cheap prices.  The mac 'n cheese slice is good, how can cheese, pasta, and pizza crust be bad?, and I tasted the weekly special - crawfish, spicy sausage, and peppers. It was just okay. Overall, you could come here to try some stomach-churning flavors of pizza like BBQ steak and fries, Chicken burrito, and BBFAT (black beans, feta, avocado, tomato) but if I come back to Ian's, I'll probably stick to the simpler fare.
2	The pizza itself is not very impressive, but they do put pretty good ingredients into their weird concoctions.  Its just that I don't really see the point of eating steak and fries on top of a piece of cardboard.  But it is good sometimes (i.e., when you're hammed).
5	The best and most interesting pizza in Madison, a city with a lot of good pizza.  The mac and cheese pizza is justly famous, but there's a long list of great pizzas here you'll find nowhere, or at least hardly anywhere, else; plus a great lineup of weekly special slices ranging from kung pao shrimp to chicken pot pie.  Not every experiment works, but most do.  Standout slices here:  the mac and cheese, of course.  The Philly cheese steak.  Chicken cordon bleu.  Anything with the locally-sourced bacon or pancetta.  I'm told that the steak and fries pizza is second in popularity only to the mac and cheese, but even for me french fries on pizza is a bit much.$3.50 a slice sounds expensive, but these are big slices; two is plenty for lunch.
3	Ian's is fun the first few times you try it, but it gets old fast.  Basically, it's fun because they've got all kinds of 'cute' pizza toppings, like mac n cheese, or burger and fries, or taco.  The reason why it gets old is none of it is really very good, and the pizza itself is shitty.  I mean, I don't even know if they do a plain old cheese slice.  The novelty value runs out fast.  But if you're just out with friends on state street looking for some food after a night of drinking, then it's a lot of fun.
3	Packed and loud with quick service and nowhere to sit is the best way to describe this place. The pizza is satisfying and the selection is huge...but with all the toppings and sauces and dressings and chaos, it is best enjoyed while drunk.
5	I really love Ian's and went there probably more than I should have this summer! I'm a sucker for their "smokey the bandit" flavor, which is bbq chicken with cheese and a hint of ranch dressing. The staff is friendly and helpful. The pizza is very tasty; it's perfect for those nights when you just want a quick snack!
2	Ian's has to be one of the most overrated pizza places I've ever been to -- Heck, I think most of the restaurants in Madison are ridiculously overrated. Maybe I am in the minority as a couple others might say, but some of Ian's "unique" pizzas are pretty disgusting (take the Cordon Bleu flavor for one, I couldn't even eat a bite of it without gagging). I also have an issue with the price -- The slices are rather small, but then again, I'm not sure if I want a big slice of Mac and Cheese pizza anyway.The only charm to this place is the novelty of the awful pizzas (and the fact that they can make a halfway decent traditional pizza), but if anyone wants Ian's again, I'm running out!
3	They have mac and cheese pizza at this place??  How did I miss that?  Crazy.  Ugh, I'm disappointed in myself.  We came here after a late Friday night, just beating the huge rush of people by a few minutes.  The line was moving so quickly that it was difficult to carefully analyze the pizza, but I settled on what ended up being a piece of barbecue chicken.It was OK.  I'm not a huge fan of it, but it was good, and I appreciated the free cups of water next to the pizza.Best part of the place: a guy getting sucker-punched in the face while in line.
5	I drove across town on a hot tip from my brother.  He said I had to at least get a slice of mac-n-cheese pizza, but that I should also try others.  On my first trip, I had the mac-n-cheese and the specialty BBQ pulled pork.  Both of these slices were just down right delicious!  The thin crust was crispy and the toppings were abundant.  The second time I went, I had the Chicken cordon blue and a chicken penne pasta... both delightful slices.  When I had to opportunity to go with my brother, he said that he chooses his pizza by picking the most colorful pie.  I found that to be unique and helpful advice.  They have 10oz plastic cups and a water dispenser for free beverage.  They also offer other drinks from the cooler.  I enjoyed seeing the sign that bragged about the biodegradable pizza boxes.  Truly a unique pizza joint.
4	The mac and cheese pizza is only tasty of mac and cheese if it's fresh.  Otherwise it's dry, like regular mac and cheese.The pizzas of the week keep this place fresh.
4	Its good, albeit sometimes weird pizza.
4	I hate the long lines on busy nights but I LOVE the mac & cheese pizza.  They have such an awesome selection of unique choices.  Definitely a staple of downtown Madison.
4	Great place to go for an A-bar.  Interesting cheap tasty greasy food.  Very fast and it has an atmosphere, simply because they are so popular
4	It's the place all the drunkies go. It's full at bar time and oftentimes, you get stories from just coming in here. See the guy fall over? Maybe a fight outside? You know the drill. Besides that -- this is a mecca of awesome food. It has a variety of flavors with lots of new crazy ideas coming in week after week. The service is fast if you go in and pizza by the slice is quite ideal for the stop-n-go snack.
2	Maybe I'm not hungry enough or perhaps I've had too much to drink but I think Ian's is overrated. While they do have very unique pizzas, I just never got hooked on mac n cheese pizza or any of the other "special" flavors.They do have they seasonal flavors which can sometimes be good, but I'll usually take a pass if given the option.
4	Ian's Pizza is non-pizza. Don't get me wrong... I love it, but it's not really pizza. Even though it's non-pizza, Ian's rules at the pizza-by-the-slice concept. The slices are big (expensive nowadays, but big), they have crowd control in place (necessary in Madison at 2:30 a.m.) and the employees are really patient when your drunk self can't choose between mac 'n' cheese or chicken quesadilla pizza.When I am craving their buffalo chicken or that one with olive tapenade as the sauce, I'm glad Mesa Pizza in Minneapolis is around to stand in for Ian's. Problem is that it tastes the same, but it's not the same in my heart...
4	Ian's is my favorite place in Madison to grab some lunch.  I sometimes get the buffalo chicken, or the cordon bleu, but whatever the flavor I seem to pick, I always pick Ian's when I'm in town.  Can't wait to head back in this summer after Drums on Parade!
4	I was hesitant to try Ian's but am pleased (and somewhat surprised) to report that their pizza is quite excellent. I have a feeling the quality of the 'za is directly related to how busy they are - with busier being better as the pizzas will be fresh.A very solid NYC slice recreation; slightly chewy crust with hint of char. Easily foldable, perfect amount of cheese, and just a hint of grease (not excessive but you'll see a drip or two).Tried three different slices at 2:30am (and I was the DD, so I was 100% coherent and sober) - each was very good.The place was packed with extremely obnoxious college kiddies, all of whom were greedily inhaling their slices and discarding their paper plates everywhere. Line moved quickly and pizza was reasonably priced.I'd go back again. I don't think the pizza would be as good at like 3:30pm as it was/is at 2:00am, so keep that in mind.
4	Now this was a tasty change from local favorite Glass Nickel Pizza. In fact, I think we'll make the drive to Ian's from now on. The crust was cripsy, but not dry. And we left feeling full but not gross. There's definitely something for everyone. The salad was delish too!
5	They need to bring this to California!! Visited Madison with the boyfriend this weekend and had a great time -- Ian's would a one of the sober highlights.  I didn't try the mac and cheese slice--def should have, but the steak and fries pizza was AWESOME and the portabella/pepper/spinach was darn good too.  For ~$3.50 per slice of amazing specialty pizza..I give it 5 stars.
5	MAC & CHEESE PIZZA!!!! Who would've thought??!?!?!This is something that you must try if you are in the area!!  It's actually really good.Also good - Steak and potatos pizza & the Philly cheesesteak
3	My friend who goes to Wisconsin told me that I had to try this place because it was the best. If that is true, and it really is the best, then Madison must suck (which, I must admit, is not the impression I left the town with). They had a nice selection of interesting pizzas. Many looked tasty. I asked for a recommendation and was told to try the Nachos Supreme Pizza. I ordered a slice, at an OUTRAGEOUS $3.50 per, and chowed down. Now it was good, but that is the best adjective that I can give it. Good. I am no stranger to creatively topped pizza. It was good. Eh. I would rather have Dewey's, or Yellow Brick, or even Wing's & Brew (all Columbus, OH references).If you are visiting and would like some adequate food for a price than go for it. I just wouldn't go back.
2	overhyped...
5	Great pizza, friendly staff, quick service and they go out of their way to use local and organic ingredients!! Locally owned too!!
5	Ian's has this discount deal where if you buy 9 slices, you get the 10th free. Now, I've been through maybe a dozen of these cards, so there must be something about Ian's that keeps me coming back. Except on a weekend night, because the line goes out the fucking door and around the block.There isn't anywhere on campus that you could possibly get more bang for your buck. $3.50 for a complete meal. I was devastated when I went abroad and came back to find that they had raised the price of a slice from $3.00 to $3.50, since it puts up much more of a psychological barrier when you break $3. I've bought much less pizza since and never go for 2 specialty slices anymore. Fortunately, they did this because it basically came down to the choice between cheaping on the pizza dough, or raising the prices. The fact that there's still anywhere that I can get a meal for this cheap is a testament to the steadfastness of Ian's during an economic beat-down.As you're probably already aware, the premise of this place is that you can get a pizza slice with anything from black beans and guacamole to ham and apples. Every slice comes smothered with soft, delicious, authentic Wisconsin cheese. I highly recommend the Philly Cheesesteak. One of their signature slices, and definitely my favorite.
4	Ny pizza, inventive toppings, really, very nice, and good.
1	No offense to Dianne O but if you serve a "Mac and Cheese" pizza, there is nothing NY about it. This is not NY pizza. It is pizza with interesting toppings and unique combinations. Is it good, not really. Its different, and if you have been drinking, it tastes better.
5	Smokey the Bandit is the best!oh and Mac n Cheese!
3	Maybe I was still dizzy from the foodgasm Tom's Red Pepper gave me last night, but I found myself on University right near Ian's and I decided to stop in for a slice. This time, I stuck with traditional, pizza / sausage and a tomato pesto slice. They were good!!! Dammit! I had to write another review because I dissed this place the last time because of their mac and cheese slice, but I had to be fair and say this is pretty good pizza. Not great, not outstanding, nothing that would make me purposely come here for the pizza, but it was good.
5	Amazing pizza by the slice with creative choices and great use of sauces. The price is right, and the service is great. I would come back any time.
4	I've been here many a times after the bars close and it's delicious every time.  This is where I had mac n cheese pizza for the first time & I think it's the very best place to get it.  The staff is also always very patient and friendly, which is amazing considering the level of obnoxiousness their customers possess.
3	We headed here after the bars on a Friday night. Really great staff- friendly and welcoming. Being from Chicago, I asked them to give me the best they had. They served me up a piece of their Mac n Cheese pizza. The crust was delicious. Super thin and crisp- just the way I like it. But macaroni on pizza? I must be getting old. I'd go back, but I'd make sure to order something else. The mac n cheese was just a little too much.
5	As Far as the Franchise goes, this is probably the busiest location of them all. It can get obnoxiously busy around bar time when about 100 drunk people sprint to this place. yes Madisonian's understand why, because Ian's is SPECTACULAR! They practically have any type of pizza that you want. The other thing is that they area reasonably priced too. They may seem like they are a little on the expensive side at $3.40 - $4.50, but I think that is a fair price. The decor and such of this particular location isn't anything special, just some places to eat and get out. Yeah they have the same theme as the Ian's Franchise but it goes un noticed. I'll have to give this location 5 stars mainly because of the employees. They are so kind and make you feel like one of their friends who came over to a barbecue. I have never had a bad experience here because of them, yes that could change but I am hoping not. Well, keep up the excellent work Ian's Pizza - Frances St.
4	If you come to Madison with friends and they don't take you to Ian's, don't consider them friends. (joking..but come on!) There's a large selection of pizza to order, which are normally ordered by the slice and are placed in the oven. Popular choices include macaroni and cheese and steak and fries. The people working are really friendly and helpful in suggesting good slices. There's usually good music playing. Perfect place to visit for a late night munch, post-bars. Seating at times can seem limited because the seating area isn't too big. They also make salads..but come on who's coming to Ian's for one?
5	Best pizza. Number #1 place I take friends from out of town. Steak and fries & bbq chicken and bacon are my favs! Super awesome!
5	Ian's Pizza is PHENOMENAL!!!  The barbecue chicken bacon ranch pizza is to die for.  They have about 30 options for pizza and we have tried about 10 of these.  The mac & cheese pizza that everyone raves about is really bland, but the buffalo chicken ranch, buffalo chicken, chicken cordon bleu, barbecue steak and french fry pizza are delicious and have plenty of taste.It is really cheap for what you get.  $3.50 for a slice from a 20" pie is a great deal.  For around $22-26 you can get a specialty 20" pizza that will make you forever think of pizza differently.  Ian's turns pizza into edible art.And the crust is absolutely amazing!
5	You haven't lived until you have sampled the mac and cheese pizza at Ian's Pizza in Madison, Wisconsin!! Ian's offers two convienent locations, both merely three blocks away from each other. Although they are located extremely close to one another, each restaraunt receives the attention and popularity that it deserves. As stated before, I thoroughly recommend the mac and cheese pizza, but truly anything on the menu is exceptional. The slices they offer are creative (lasagna, bacon ranch, buffalo chicken) and also have the reasonable price of $3.50 a slice. The service is quick, the workers are friendly, and the place is always good for some drunk people watching. Ian's is the perfect place to hit up at 2 am for some 'drunchies', or even to take Mom and Dad to when they are in town for lunch with their college student. Sober or drunk: this place is where it's at. ENJOY! :)
5	This place rules!  Awesome food, fun atmosphere, great beer selection and amazing attention to details.  I was so impressed by their unwaivering support of the protestors at the capitol.  These are stand-up businessmen who know how to take care of their people.
4	if I could sum up my late night eating throughout the latter years of college, it would probably all include memories of Ian's Pizza. While there's one location on Frances Street, there's another near the capitol, which tends to be a hair less crowded during peak times (game nights and bar time). Everyone raves about the mac and cheese, and frankly, I dig it too. What's not to love? Dreamy, creamy, cheesy mac stuck to a crispy piece of carb! It's what dreams are made of. Other favorite options include buffalo ranch, eggplant parmesan, and taco. Expect to pay $2.50 for a standard slice and $3.50 for a specialty slice. This shows some major inflation from when they first opened...either that or I'm getting really old and have been away from a daily Ian's craving for too long.
4	Real Good Pizza for Real Good PeopleI am not sure you can go wrong by grabbing a slice of za from Ian's. I have now been here a couple of times and loved it. You have to try the Mac 'n' Cheese slice mmmm.....yummy.Ian's has done a good job at hiring HAPPY, FUN, ENERGETIC employees. You can tell that it is a place that takes a little extra effort and cares about the staff and the customers.You simply have to check this place out.
1	I'm in Wisconsin for a month for business and the first place I intended to go was Ians, based purely on Yelp.  I've gone to a few other places but finally decided to go down to see Camp Randall and get some Ians and see if it really is what many people call the best pizza in Madison.  I arrived and despite the fact that the shop was practically empty was ignored for about 10 minutes by the guy making the pizzas.  Yes he obviously saw me but didn't so much as say "Be with you in a second" or anything.  Some young college students came in and a girl came out and waited on them promptly.  It was as if they knew I was from Columbus and Buckeyes were second class citizens or something!  I even joked about this later and they did not find it funny.  Despite me talking about how highly they were rated and the like they pretty much were very standoffish and very unwilling to talk.  Ok, so much for customer service, but hey even the best food places can have totally rude help if the food makes up for it right?  Well not here my friends.  I had one slice of the famous mac and cheese pizza.  I LOVE Mac and Cheese and I love Pizza so it seemed like a hard thing to mess up...but it was not what I thought it could have been.  Looking at pictures on Yelp the recurring thing I kept thinking by looking at the Mac and Cheese pizza slices is how dry they looked. I hoped that once I bit into it that there would be cheese sauce or something that would prove me wrong.  But the slices just looked dry and not very cheesy at all.  However, photos can be deceptive, it's the taste that matters.  Well biting into the Mac and Cheese pizza I realized all of my worst fears.  It was tasty macaroni but the slice was very dry and did not taste cheesy in the least.  This is not Mac and Cheese pizza so much as Mac and dough pizza.  As you can see from my picture I sprinkled a dash of hot sauce at the end at the advice of the woman at the counter.  I found out why after tasting the slice that she recommended I do that, because it added some much needed moistness and taste to the slice.  The bottom line is that I threw away about 30% of the slice.  I *NEVER* throw out food, you can ask my girlfriend and/or look at my waistline for proof of that, heh.  But that indeed is what I did in this case.  In hindsight I guess I should have just coated the whole slice in the hot sauce (which was great tasting hot sauce btw) but I didn't want to dilute the purity of the taste of it by doing so and skew my review.  I really wonder if maybe you do have to be kind of drunk and in the moment at 2am for this pizza to taste good because to me it made me question how this place stays in business.  It's certainly not their friendly employees or their tasty food if the Mac and Dough...er Mac and Cheese slice, is any representation.To be fair Ians does have a LOT of other combinations and I'll bet if I were to try some others I'd be much more impressed but at $3.50 a slice I'm not going to be trying that anytime soon.  Honestly if I lived here I'd probably give them one more chance and that'd be about it.  Maybe I'm too old, maybe I'm too much of a pizza traditionalist or maybe Ians just is highly overrated.After throwing the last part of my slice away I got into my car and drove back over to Pizza Di Roma, a place that has vastly superior pizza in my opinion.  Sorry Ians, you may be a landmark but you're not on my places to visit if I return to Madison anytime soon!P.S. - One reason I waited to try this place for so long is I knew it was on campus and I wondered if there'd be a place to park within reasonable walking distance.  There are plenty of places to park in front of the building (about 8 to 10) but they are all metered so have your change ready.  So don't let the fact they are on campus stop you from visiting here if you do want to give them a try.
4	During my weekend visit to Madison I was informed that I must try cheese curds, a Brat, beer, cupcakes from Madison Sweets and Ian's. Throwing caution and my diet to the wind I fit them all in to 3 days. Ian's was great!! I had the mac and cheese and the steak, french fry and bbq sauce pizza. Both were nothing like I expected but really good. The guy who took our order was nice and they were just about empty so ordering was pretty easy. Overall it was a great experience and I will be back!
4	I was excited to try Ian's since I lived off Mesa in MPLS for most of college. We went a little before 1a & the place was already packed. They had limited choices at that time of the hour but all of them still delicious. I was jonesing the Chili Cheese Frito pizza but settled for Chicken Taco since they were out. Just as good as it sounds! Going to Ian's this weekend made me appreciate that we have Mesa so much more!
5	This was my most frequented restaurant while I lived in Madison.  Sadly, there is nothing like Ian's here in California (psst, Ian, please open up a store in Los Angeles).  At one point I was completely addicted to Ian's.  I have walked two miles in a snowstorm during Thanksgiving week just so I could get an Ian's fix for the day.  The pizza is always good since the staff do a good job in reheating each slice in an oven before serving.  They offer a variety of condiments.  They also have ranch in a fridge behind the counter if you need it.  The staff is always super friendly as well, and most are students or were students at UW-Madison. My favorite pizza is one of their specials:  The Rajin Cajun Shrimp.  If you see it coming up on their menu, it is a must try.  I special ordered this pizza on my graduation day, and my mom said it was the best pizza she has ever had.  Ian even came out to congratulate me, and they gave me the pizza on the house (I guess it's one of the benefits of being one of their best customers :P).This is not to say that their other pizzas are not good.  Quite the opposite, in fact.  There have been very few times when I've had a pizza there that I did not think was amazing, and even the sub-par ones are still good compared to other pizza places around the United States.  They have weekly specials, so there is always something new to try.  You can also request dessert pizzas such as the S'mores pizza.  I would have never believed that dessert could taste so good on a pizza until I had it.I would warn you not to get too attached to any specialty pizza though, since you may love it but it would not end up being popular with the general public.  In my six years eating there, Ian got rid of the breakfast pizza, which was one of my favorites.  I also harassed them for the better part of two years to bring back the "February Fruitacular," which was a dessert pizza with a peanut butter base, strawberries, kiwi, and bananas on top.  It was deliciously sweet and savory with a little honey on top, but sadly they never brought it back.Their regular specials are all creative blobs of pizza-goodness.  From the traditional Mac N Cheese to their BBQ Steak and Fries, there is always something to fulfill your taste buds at any given time.  I recommend the Philly Cheese Steak with some ranch on top.  Yum!Note: This place gets really busy late at night and for Kohl Center events.
4	In IC we have Mesa Pizza, which I'm pretty sure must be a blow-by-blow ripoff of Ian's pizza.  Or maybe the other way around?  I'm guessing the former.Me and my labbie visited this place as a diversion from worm conference.  I have to say that this place has an excellent cheeseburger pizza, which I find to be a rare feat.  The half dollar pieces for change are kinda fun, but as I get further away from my visit I am increasingly pissed that they enjoy giving out such worthless change.
3	Mac n Cheese pizza!!!!!! What else do you want me to write?This place is good. Not awesome. I think they get so much attention for the ridiculousness of some of their offerings. I mean, Chicago Dog Pizza? Really? I love me a Chicago Dog and I love me some pizza but I'll keep those two separate. I dont need a sliced up hot dog on my pizza. Great job on the mac n cheese pizza though. Very original and pretty damn tasty. When I wake up from my carb coma, I'll write more......
5	This (today) is my first visit to Ian's and at the moment of my first bite of their "European Style" slice, I was really surprised, in a very good way!And this came as a surprise even after unpreparedly hearing one of their "cooks" saying "Yang Rou" (authentic Mandarin/Chinese, meaning lamb meat) in order to explain to me what it was in the toppings.What I liked most at Ian's is their crusty and always freshly tasting flavor, even after they reheated the slices.  My friend and I ordered four types in the end, and none of them let us down.  We ordered EU style, BBQ, Mac & Cheese, and one whose name I don't know but that came with a kind of meat similar to Cantonese style BBQ pork.So have a try sometime and you won't regret it.
5	Philly cheesesteak pizza. Enough said. Add a little bit of barbecue sauce and a sprinkle of parmesan cheese. Then repeat.  You might as well buy two and skip getting back in line. If you're not a fan of cheesesteak, or prefer not to eat meat, grab a slice of Mac and Cheese, and Portabello Pesto and add the same treatment.My boyfriend is partial to Steak and Fries, which is just as it sounds with barbecue sauce, which is my former favorite. Just go and check it out. Ask for the special of the week, if you are really feeling adventerous, the Ian's guys are really fun and friendly and will show you the way.
5	Want unusual pizza? Then you have found the right pizza joint. Friendly welcoming staff. Who will show you the ropes if its your first time. My favorite is the Mac N Cheese. It brings me back to Grandma's house when I would  eat mac n cheese(with Ketchup) for lunch every Saturday. Who doesn't love it when a place brings back childhood memories? A Must Stop!
3	I am not a huge pizza fan so that may influence my review a little bit. I have only been to Ian's once, around bar time on a weekend night.  The line was of course out the door, and filled with drunk people.  I didn't mind the wait at all.  The pizza was good, nothing I crave or anything, but it was good.  The workers were frantically slaving away in the kitchen.  The pizza I wanted was taken by the man in line in front of me so I quickly chose some Hawaiian style pizza that caught my eye.    Either way, I was hungry and wasn't about to have them make me a slice specially for me. Great for drunk munchies.... not sure I would go here sober.
3	You must experience Ian's at least once! Yummy pizza with large slices and awesome flavor combinations. I've had so many slices while in college including Mac & Cheese (awesome!), steak & fries, BBQ chicken pineapple, buffalo chicken, penne pasta, Florentine, cheese and pepperoni. Mac & Cheese used to be my favorite, but now it is Florentine.When I was a freshman, I would have rated this place 5 stars, but it has since lost its novelty. I've just eaten here too much.
3	WOW really......carbs on carbs on fat on carbs....if you want super junk pizza and a huge slice within 5 minutes of ordering than this is your place. They have tons of options for you like a pizza with avocados, beef, sour cream....a burrito pizza if you will.Their Mac & cheese pizza is supposed to be super popular but really Madison, really?
4	Great Midwest pizza. Who thinks to put Mac n cheese on pizza??? But it's so good! Definitely recommend if you're ever in Madison.
4	It's the best pizza I've had in the Midwest. PERIOD! The slices are huge and thin like one's from New York but without all the grease. The crust is thin and light without all the dough. The toppings are creative and fun. I had a slice each of the Philly Cheesesteak, the Gyro and the BBQ steak with fries. All we're tasty. The staff is young and fun. You can buy drinks or there's a water fountain. A great college place to get an amazing slice without all the pretense. Just great pizza at a good price.
4	The guy serving me up slices of pieces said that this was the original Ian's Pizza location. That's always exciting. It was weird though, as soon as we came in, we saw a scraggly looking man at the corner table shouting at the two employees that were towards the back of the establishment. Nothing vulgar, but dude, shhh... there are only 3 (now 5) people here. Why are you yelling? The two employees seemed to act like that was a normal occurrence.As I looked for a slice that I wanted, I told the guy "I can't decide, there are too many options!" To which he replied with, "that's a good complaint to have!" Indeed it is. $2.50 for cheese or pepperoni. $3.50 for any other slice. Deal!My younger brother stole the last mushroom/pepperoni slice by ordering just before me, haha. So I asked if they had anymore and he said he could put mushrooms on any slice. I saw him take a plate of mushrooms and cook them along side the pepperoni slice. But as he piled the shrooms on the slice, he had extra that he just threw away (*insert sad face). I would have totally had all the mushrooms on that slice! Oh well.The other slice I went with was the buffalo chicken slice, a favorite of mine. My brother loved his Mac & Cheese slice. Regardless of this strange experience, I like Ian's pizza and will continue to frequent any of their locations (I first had them in Milwaukee, and went a lot!). No one has near the selection by the slice that Ian's has.
5	Everyone should really get the opportunity to experience Ian's pizza. It's work of art...to be devoured, likely at the darkest hour of the night.If you're looking for traditional slices of pie, I'm sure you can find one or two here. But the real draw to Ian's are the creative concoctions. I think my new fav is the mac n' cheese pizza, which is their best selling slice, and for good reason. Loaded with cheese, this is your slice if you're from Wisconsin - or just a cheese lover. Other candidates for my hunger include the sausage penne alfredo, any of their BBQ slices, and the fajita. They also do monthly special creations such as the gyro or Chicago dog.Enough reading of my ramblings and go grab a slice. And eat one for me - I'm 971 miles away.
4	Definitely my favorite pizza place in Madison. Very fast, and every time I go in, all the employees are enthusiastic and make amazing pizza! Smokey the Bandit and their Mac N Cheese pizzas are the best by far! If you are trying to go on a Friday or Saturday night, beware of the long lines!
5	After living in Madison for over a year and standing in line at Ian's pizza at bar close time too many times to count, I have to say I still haven't found anything like it. There is something about that place around 2 AM on a Thursday-Saturday night.Their pizza is awesome, but maybe tastes even more like heaven simply because of the mass amounts of alcohol consumed prior, who knows. What I do know is that Ian's mac n cheese pizza is hands down the best mac n cheese pizza I've ever had. I've tried other kinds, but let's be honest, when you're drunk it's all about the carbs and the cheese and nothing hits the spot like Ian's mac n cheese with some hot sauce on top!Plus, standing in line for pizza at 2 AM makes for some serious stranger bonding. I recall everyone in line joining together to sing "In the Jungle" along with probably the entire soundtrack to The Lion King once upon a Friday night. And you always know you've been to Ian's when you have $1 coins that they always give out as change :)
4	Whether I am inebriated or sober, I always am jonesin' for a slice of Ian's creativity. The staff are a bunch of young hippies who keep it real and are really nice (unless they are annoyed by the overwhelming falling-all-over drunk freshmen girls with water bottles full of vodka, but I don't blame them in this case). I often find myself thinking about things that can be added on top a slice of triangular dough and then I find out Ian's has already done it. Be sure to try the mac and cheese if you're a first timer as well as coming prepared to be bombarded by college kids if you are coming in around bar time.
3	Bought a full pie last night and they charged me $28. I ordered only two different varieties, so they charged me $3.50 for each individual slice in the full pizza. I asked how much just a pepperoni pizza was and he said $14. I said wow, you kinda just ripped me off just because of the way I stated my order and he responded, "yeah we kind of did." I've been to both locations multiple times, and I would suggest going to the one by the capital over this spot. Fresher pizza it seems and much better workers and service.
4	Only a slice and I am already a fan.This pizza was the closest I got to the one you get in places that sell it by the slice in Milan. Actually it is slightly better that the average Milanese place.Now if you ask a true Neapolitan he might think this is not real pizza, but to me this is pizza. The kind of everyday, slice-for-lunch sort of pizza, not  the special, whole pie dinner kind of pizza, but still I am very happy I will have this place close to work! It will save me when I crave a slice of carbs topped with awesome melted fats!
3	Want unusual pizza? Go to Ian's. Want good pizza? This isn't the spot. Sauce tastes like Ragu and the crust is more bread than pizza crust- probably as good as Dominos or even some frozen pizza brands...
5	The owners went all out for our event, lots of delish food, fun and ice cream..thank you.
5	A perfect slice for $3...it had lasagna noodles on top! I was late arriving into Madison - typical delay on the airline- and it was late and our cab ( bunch of us crammed in a cab since it was late and time to ride share) stopped across the street to drop off someone. i spotted Ian's and asked if I had time to go get a slice. My cabbie said he would drop off another couple & swing back for me. I bolted from my cab, not EVEN getting the cab #, license plate # or driver's name...seriously. I was that hungry. Left my triathlon bag with helmet and my suitcase in the cab. When I went into Ian's, it was packed. I was greeted by an employee who actually said, " you can't come in unless you bring college boys with you." Cracked me up. Especially since I could be his mother!Place had lots of energy, everyone eating slices. I loved this place. Ate my slice and right after the last bit of crispy crust was devoured, here comes my cabbie. Amazing. Madison is a pretty cool town!i did go to the Ian's on State Street as well a couple of days later but I was disappointed in how little cheese was on my slice and it didn't cover much of the crust near the edge - kind of bummed out. I prefer the one on N. Frances Street.
5	Don't let their "sit and reheat" business model fool you- this is some of the best fast-food pizza I've had outside of Chicago. The staff on Frances St. are super-friendly and attentive, and mystically keep the 1am feeding frenzy line moving at a brisk pace. I've eaten 17 slices out of Ian's so far and have yet to be disappointed with a single encounter. A+
5	This pizza is amazing!  We ordered 6 different slices and they were all so tasty!  The friendly staff also helps to make Ian's a great pizza place!!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Ian's Pizza. Smokey and the Bandit is my favorite.
4	Ian's is a Madison staple - and I enjoy my $3 slice whether I'm eating it as my dinner at 6 p.m. or just a booze-sponge around 2 a.m.Those looking for an authentic Neapolitan pizza might be disappointed. I mean, my last order at Ian's was for a slice of Mac and Cheese and a slice of Chicken Bacon Ranch. Enjoy the biz for what it is: a buffet of affordable, bizarre pizza slices that actually taste pretty great. My one complaint is that Ian's doesn't label its pizzas - so I have to try my best to listen while the guy behind the counter rattles the names off like an auctioneer. Invest in some paper and a sharpie, Ian's.
5	I'm from NY originally and I have to say that Ian's by the slice seriously rivals most pizza places I've ever eaten at. I wish I had taken some pictures, but admittedly this was a post bar stumble back to the hotel kind of evening so I wasn't in a picture taking mindset. I had the buffalo chicken slice and another with meat and French fries. They were both the most incredibly delicious things I've ever eaten, and that is not just the drinks talking. I wish I had an Ian's by me because I'd be there right now.
4	Hoorah.This place is late-night-drunk-delight for thousands of Badgers.  Also it happens to be good pizza at any time of the day or night.  Their creations range from lasagna to gyro slices, pepperoni to BBQ cheeseburger... Yes, I am still talking about pizzas.For reasonable prices, this by the slice (also you can call in orders for whole pizzas) pizza palace will suit your flavor fancy.  Be prepared to stand in line, but its 100% worth it.
4	I had no idea this location was here, but we spotted it recently and it adds another option when we're looking for something quick before a women's hockey game. Coming in from the beltline and getting off on John Nolen, the options for food are slim and none. I can have Noodles and Co. I can drive way off course for a Culvers. Dig that this Ian's is walking distance to the LaBahn, quick, clean and easy. Had tons of options ready at 6 ish on a Saturday, something other locations can sometimes lag on. But I had my Smokey hot and ready in about 2 mintues, so I was a happy camper!
3	Definitely nothing gourmet about it. Don't go expecting great pizza. Don't go expecting anything remotely traditional. Ian's is basically built for late-night college crowds, and they have positioned themselves brilliantly. Ian's will put anything on a slice. Beef pot pie, sweet potato and chorizo, Mac and cheese, gyro, Reuben pizza, etc. At $3.75 per slice, it's definitely overpriced, but they serve a niche market and have good locations so they can get away with it. It's sort of a "must try" in madison, but again, it's nothing too special.
5	mac n cheese pizza is the pizza for you and me. (channeling my inner Spongebob Square Pants if you catch my drift, if not: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0i6RUN9Akuo)mac n cheese not your thing? (weirdo). go for the chicken fettucine alfredo. it is one mighty fine medley of two oh so delicious things. feelin even more adventurous, check out a slice of the bbq brisket tater tot pizza. yeah, that just happened.Ian's certainly gets pretty creative, but I'm still waiting for this to go down: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaExAJItfnoone day, one day.
4	COME FOR VEGAN NIGHT! It happens every Monday and they always have great options for the veg-heads among us. If they don't have one in the case, they will whip one up while you wait. The Frances location has done this for me three separate times and each time asked if there was anything in particular I wanted. My favorite was a recent night when they whipped up a pepperoni and cheese plus an artichoke/olive/roasted red pepper. It doesn't hurt that it's around the corner from Vintage, which has $1 beers on Mondays!
4	Love love love. Not just the pizza, as usual, but the location!  I have never ventured to this location and it was SO empty!  The selection was not as large, but who cares if you don't have to wait in line?The people were friendly and I love the new check outs on the iPads. Love love love.
3	This place is pretty good. I came here because everyone rants and raves about it. I don't think they're nearly as good as Pizza di Roma. They are more convenient though. Ever since Pizza di Roma started carrying the mac'n'cheese pizza I haven't been back.
5	Ian's, you are as good as I remenbered you to be!! Its been 8 years, and your mac n cheese slice is still the best slice ive had!!! Keep it up! More years to come!
4	Great spot to grab a slice before or after a Badger (insert sport) Game or after sampling the many wares of State Street area bars.Sometimes the best part of this place is the people watching, as one is guaranteed to see someone drunk do something worth remembering and laughing about later.As for the pizza, there are plenty of better slices out there, but few for a comparable price. I usually stick with a simple pepperoni and sausage, but the philly steak pizza is pretty good, too. I am not big on the macaroni and cheese pizza, but most people I know love it. I'm a toppings and sauce guy, so it holds no particular power for me. I want to try the brisket and tot pizza, but they have never had it when I was there.The only reason I don't give the location 5 stars is that the service can be a little uneven. Obviously I am being a bit harsh, because trying to serve a population of drunkards can be challenging at 3am.
4	I prefer this location than the one on State St. The slices seem hotter, fresher, and greasier (YUM) here. Can't say anything bad about the food at all. (+) Good, greasy, cheesy goodness
1	My co-workers order from here ocassionally and sem to like it.  I just don't  get  all the positive reviews for this place.  In my opinion this is the WORST pizza in Madison.
