4	This place used to be "Not Your Average Deli" but now its a burger joint.Decided to try this place out for lunch today.  The deal that they have right now is a 1/4 burger combo which includes fries and a 12oz can soda or bottled water.  I ordered two combos for my friend and I.  The burgers are all topped with mayo, green leaf lettuce, tomato, American cheese, mustard, pickle and red onions.  I added a fried egg on mines. Nothing too fancy, but overall the burger was good.  Both my friend and I enjoyed it.  I also got their Tuesday special SinCity hotdog for $0.99.  Nothing too fancy about that also, just a regular hotdog with ketchup, mustard and relish.All in all. I would go here again.
5	Tried their SinCity Burger Combo..pretty good! I love their bun. The burger is pretty big so it will fill you up!Their fries are good as well!I'd give this place a try!
3	UPDATE: Sin CityBurger has since moved, I have no clue if they have the same promotions, or how the food quality may have changed...I am always on the lookout for a new place to try for lunch, so when SinCity Burgers opened up down the street from my office I knew I was going to have to give it a shot sooner or later. When my coworker told me she wanted a burger for lunch recently, I knew it as time to give SCB a shot.I had the 1/4 burger combo. It was not a bad burger, but it wasn't really anything exceptional in my mind. It was well cooked, no hockey puck here. The lettuce tasted fresher then what you'd get on a burger at other places. Perhaps I just needed to order it with an egg or one of the other extra toppings to make it stand out? My coworker said that she liked her turkey burger, and I like that they have that as an option. The fries were really thin and crispy.$5 for the burger, fries and a drink did hit the spot though! There are specials on Tuesdays (99 cent sliders or hot dogs) that I think I will likely take advantage of soon.
3	I love supporting small businesses but I dont understand how this restaurant is going to survive. The location is behind a popeyes.....literally behind it. So it is hard to see from the street. The staff is pretty nice but unfortunately the burgers are just as good as in n out. Why would i want to go to SIN city instead in n out when there is a price difference?
4	a nice solid burger place right off of the 215 and decatur (in the "popeyes" shopping center across the street from rhythm kitchen). prices are way reasonable for what you get.  currently, they are running a 5 dollar 1/4 burger special with fries and a drink.  why go to a fast food chain when you can get a quality burger meal for less money?the sincity burger is classic.  meat is well cooked, toppings are abundant and fresh, and the bun is good too.  be sure to be clear when your ordering about the toppings you like/don't like as it comes standard with onions, pickes, lettuce, tomato, mayo, mustard and ketchup.  they have a number of different burgers to choose from, hot dogs, chicken wraps, and also milk shakes on the menu too.  their fries are quite good as well - very crispy - just the way i like it.  i imagine that this would be the perfect place for a quick and tasty lunch.service is good.  the owners of the place were very friendly.  the place itself was super clean which i appreciate!we'll definitely be back when craving a good old fashioned cheese burger.  its always good to support you local mom and pop business!**EDIT** i went back here again and tried their signature burger.  freakin delicious!  very flavorful (like a garlicky dripping with cheese type of flavor)  and definitely moist.  try it!
4	I'm originally from Chicago and at every corner you can hit up a fast food joint that serves burgers, hot dogs, italian beef, and different kinds of sandwichs.  SinCity Burgers definitely brand themselves as a Las Vegas burger joint and luckily it's right in our neighborhood.  Everywhere you look in the small little place is some sort of Las Vegas paraphernalia.  From the Las Vegas posters to the SinCity Burger rug when you enter.Now, on to the food.  I got the 1/4 cheese burger combo.  At $5 you get a cheese burger with fresh ingredients, a good amount of fries, and a drink.  The burger was delicious.  It wasn't anything crazy, cause I like my burgers pretty normal.  If you are a little more adventurous you can add bacon or a fried egg.  I think next time I go I'm going to try the Signature Burger.  Also, I'm a huge fan of fries.  I like trying and critiquing fries every where I go.  If you like In-And-Our fries you may not like these as much.  I am a big fan of McDonald's fries and I would say SinCity Burgers' fries are right between McDonald's and Burger King.  Can't forget to mention they also have chicken sandwiches, wraps, hot dogs, and breakfast sandwichesMy first experience here was awesome!  SinCity Burgers is owned by a really nice couple and I'm happy a mom and pop place has lived up to such good standards.  This place has definitely earned my trust because the prices matches the product.  I am pretty psyched that SinCity Burgers opened up so close to my house.
3	Came here on a whim!! Have to say we were quite impressed. Friendly service everything was fresh and the meat was definitely not preshaped or frozen. I have been to all the burger joints in town and this a a good place to come to for a quick bite and a burger craving. I'm not a pinky out kind of eater.. I drink wine cuz of the taste I don't swish it around, I don't chew my burger and spit it out... So the thought of going to Burger Bar and paying $20 for a meal is dumb. This place sells just as good burgers without the pompous attitute.. but if your into that, that's all youUpdated: SinCity Burgers is in for a challenge now that 5 Guys has popped up all over the place. SinCity Burgers provides more options for toppings. The huge difference is the grease. SinCity's burgers are far more greasy than 5 Guys. So if you like the grease sliding out of your burger down your forearm than this is your joint
4	If you are in the market for a fat, juicy piece of meat, loaded with melty cheese and fresh toppings...SinCity Burgers is the place. Their signature burger is loaded with grilled onions, melted Swiss, crisp lettuce, and tomato. You decide how big the meat should be...1/4,1/3,1/2,1, or a whopping 1 1/2 lbs. The onion rings are breaded and golden brown delicious. The fries are thin cut and crispy. You can get a combo deal...burger drink and fries, all at a great price, depending on the size of meat you crave.Don't forget to check in and get a free 24oz soft drink with burger and onion rings.The price of a sinfully delicious burger is cheap compared to your other sins.
5	I think this guy has a good start to a good thing. The location is terrible but I guess the rent is as close to free as you can get. Small businesses like this one are what eventually get big. The burgers here are a notch above fat burger but not in n out. As compared to in n out by another reviewer this IS NOT IN N OUT. Two different types of burger and fry joints. Sin city you rock and I hope to see you with more locations soon.
5	Amazing!!! Hard to find a place with great customer service and great food at great prices!! Try the $5 combo but upgrading to a shake is a must... Bacon is made to order, you can watch them make your food fresh, clean bathrooms and dining rooms, and a great selection on the menu... You'll have to come back because you can't try it all at once!!
1	If your in the market for a jailhouse not fresh patty this is your place. Very underwhelming and not worth the price. Portions were large but even though we were hungry we didn't want to finish.  The staff was friendly but the food wasn't worth it. There are many burger places in town that we will visit before we ever go.back even though it is right around the corner.
1	FLIP FLOPS ON THE COOK IN THE KITCHEN!!!! That is inexcusable, this was my first time going to this place and it will now be the last time. If they can't even get the cooks to wear the proper attire then what other corners are they cutting. As for the food it would give it 3 stars but seeing flip flops made me think of toe jam and not sending her home to change has made me change my mind about ever returning. The flip flops are against health code.
3	I still get excited when I come across a new place that no one has told me about in the hopes that I've discovered some gem in the city. But I guess my rule that if no one mentions a place it's probably for a good reason, or it's at least located in a part of town that no one would ever find it. In the case of SinCity burger (yes it is one word); I think the latter would apply, although the former is equally questionable.The location is definitely not the greatest; right next to a gas station at Russell and Decatur where no one really lives and only a handful of office parks exist.  The interior is a bit sparse and needs a slight retouch; the handful of small 'vintage' Vegas posters really gets lost on the walls. The menu is painfully complicated; with options including a Sincity Burger, 1/2 Burger, 1/3 Burger, 1/4 Burger, Dbl 1/2 Burger, Triple 1/2 Burger...that's just way too many choices. They also have a Sin Sandwich with chicken, wraps, hot dogs and plenty of add-ons (the menu amazingly adds an apostrophe to the word on's).I tried to keep it simple and ordered their Signature Burger which is a 1/2lb burger topped with Swiss cheese, green leaf lettuce, tomato, sin sauce, grilled onions and grilled mushrooms. As soon as I ordered I saw the cook reach into a drawer and pull what looked like a pre-made patty off a piece of wax paper and drop a perfect circle of meat onto the grill. Not encouraging. What arrived at my table a few minutes later looked better than I anticipated though. The bun was really soft, deliciously grilled, buttery and great. Although the meat looked generic, it had good flavor and was seasoned with lots of pepper it seemed. The mushrooms were really good along with the onions, although they might have been a bit overpowering. The Sin Sauce was decent too, maybe a chipotle may or something with a bit of a kick to it? Overall this wasn't too bad considering all the variables.The fries sadly lived up to the non-hype; they were extremely generic and reminded of carnival fries. It's such a common gripe of mine, and apparently the hardest thing for most restaurants to get right with a burger meal. As a whole this meal was ok, I enjoyed the burger and would have a lot more if the fries were halfway decent. The price wasn't too bad either, $9 for what you're given isn't out of question, and again could be even more reasonable if the fries were good quality. I don't know if I'd tell you to go out of your way for this, and now that I think of it Farmer Boys is down the street and a much better bargain.
4	Positively Sinful!!!! This is NOT diet food! Meaning it is the yummiest, messiest all around best burger I have ever consumed. They do have healthier options for those that want to eat lite, but why hold back?
4	Came here a few weeks ago on a Friday night and we had a super large party. We took almost all the tables in the place except maybe 1 or 2 small ones. The owner is super super nice and accomodating for my friend's large party. He was constantly checking up on us. Luckily it wasn't busy other than our super large party, but then at the same time it's kinda sad that it's so slow on a Friday night. I ordered the 1/4lb or 1/3lb burger and split fries with my husband from his combo. My husband ordered the SinCity burger and in retrospect I probably should have tried that one, since it's the "special". Overall, the food was great, very tasty and fresh ingredients! Reasonable prices. Let's just hope they can make it in this economy especially since they're somewhat new.
4	I come here about once every two weeks for lunch and its decent. I have tried most things on the menu and in my opinion the grilled chicken sandwich is the best. The place appears to be owned by a small family and they work hard and are very friendly. That being said I prefer to support small businesses.Give it a try its not going to be the greatest food you ever tasted but it is certainly good enough for lunch if you work in the area.
4	uhhhh im so fat! i got the double combo to cure a bit of a hangover.  i couldnt finish that bigass burger but i tried. it did cure the hangover, so now im waiting for the no.2good burger.
5	We came here because of a restaurant.com deal.It was MUCH better than I was expecting! The grilled chicken sandwich was great! The buns are so buttery and delicious. Hubs liked the burger very much too! We will be back again.  Great family owned joint. Support them! Hard working family!
4	So this was an awesome find. The burgers are great and well priced. Unfortunately, the owner said that they will be moving to the Northwest. The owner was super friendly and took great care of us.
5	Super good! Delicious burgers, and in my opinion, WAY better than 5 guys. Unless you like a dry, flavorless burger. These burgers are juicy and delicious! Everything is extremely fresh, made on the spot. And don't let the name "Golden Nuggets" on the menu fool you! These are no ordinary nuggets. They're fresh juicy chicken pieces and the batter is so light and crispy. We loved it! Cool menu options, too. Sweet potato tots w/ marshmallow sauce. Different desserts. And the owner/staff is awesome.
4	AWESOME BURGER...  I had a badass burger, wife had a sahara burger, and Javier had a slider and we all walked away stuffed and happy.  Toppings on the badass burger were great, but you could have a burger any way you like.  The best part, is the patty, juice, huge and cooked right.  Not the cheapest place, but worth every penny.  Not too pricy either.  Oh wait, did i mention deep fried oreos///  now i dont have to go to freemont, i can have an inexpensive tasty desert, near by  A MUST GO
4	Where to start.  We ordered the bad ass burger and frontier burger combos.  The burgers are seasoned beautifully.  The toppings were amazing.  The burger as a whole was just amazing.  I was only slightly disappointed because the fried egg on my burger was hard fried instead of soft but that is a personal preference.  I am sure that if I asked for them to make it soft they would in a heartbeat.  The milkshakes were amazing as it is so hard to find a true old fashioned milkshake made with hand scooped ice cream.  The fries were fresh and made to order.  We spoke with the owner and they have the ice cream imported from the south which we thought was cool that they uphold their standards by using a known and good product even if it cost a little more to get it here.  The staff is amazing and friendly.  We were there close to closing.  A family came after the doors were locked and the staff unlocked the doors and served the family.  That says a lot for SinCity Burgers...in our book anyways.  The burger was reasonably priced if you bought just the burger.  We thought the combo was a little pricey but well worth it for the quality of food.  They have an amazing standard of food that they stand by.  We can't wait to go back.
2	There is no sign at this location. Since it is behind a large column, it can be hard to find.I ordered the 1/4 pound combo and my boyfriend ordered the bad ass burger. When they took our order there was no choice for how to cook the burger. Well-done is the only option.I thought the fries were okay but the burger was gross. It was a yucky gray color and had no flavor. I live so close I was really hoping to like this place but I will not be going back.
5	Awesome! Chicken burger was great, juicy and seasoned well. Sweet potato tots with marshmellow sauce were so good ;-) Good deal for students after school. Cool place. Cashier was very nice and delivered the food. Will definitely come again !
4	I love the fries here
4	They have turkey burgers!!! I was so excited that they have turkey burgers because I perfer it from beef. However, I didn't notice it was on the menu until I was done ordering. I ordered the 1/4 pound burger combo with extra mushrooms. The burger was amazing. I can't wait to try the turkey burger and veggie burger because I'm still in search for the perfect veggie burger and still haven't had any luck. I will definitely be coming back here!
5	This is a great burger joint! The French fries are the best I've had in ages & the fried pickles were to die for! The pickles were absolutely awesome, they stood out on the burgers too! I had a 1/4 pounder my husband had the bad ass burger (fried egg, bacon, grilled onions, & mushrooms on a cheeseburger). Pretty good burgers, but it was the sides that really stood out. Next time we will have to try the fried Oreos! The food is a little pricey for a burger joint (think red robin rather than Burger King), but well worth the price. We also had a chocolate shake, Oreo shake, & onion rings, can't find a bad word to say about them, the shakes were pretty thick. Only complaint is that they should have napkins more easily available considering how much fried food is on the menu! Seriously, try the fried pickles, can't wait for twinkles to be available again, I love a good fried Twinkie!
5	Bought a Groupon for here. The food was really good. Reminded me of Five Guys, but with shakes! The Oreo shake was amazing. Of course all Oreo shakes are amazing, but this place did not skim on the Oreo's! (That's what made it amazing.) The place was cute and clean and it looked really nice. I will definitely be going here again.
1	Went on a groupon $20 for $10 deal, I was disappointed even having spent $10. Ordered a burger and salad. Menu stated "mixed greens, red onions, carrots, tomato, cheddar cheese, wonton strips", I received a handful of iceberg lettuce, a tiny bit of grated cheese, and an under-ripe tomato (no carrots, onion, wonton strips etc.) Salad came in a styrofoam container with a plastic fork, even though we dined in; I don't expect fine china, but you can't do any better than styrofoam? I didn't have huge expectations, burger was decent, on par with a in and out/five guys but at 2X-3X the price. Manager (owner?) seemed to be trying, but I can't imagine this place will be long for this world.
5	YUMMY! Went in to try with the groupon they offered. Very good food & very reasonably priced! Loved the Frontier burger. Fried pickles were to die for & Oreo shake was delicious! We'll definitely be back!
2	I came here because I had purchased a groupon... and quickly learned it is nothing more than glorified fast food. I had a turkey burger... Talk about a nasty processed patty even had the dots in it. I wish I took a photo. It had a bad after taste too. It reminded me of a Weaver Chicken Patty Italian Style, just more rubbery minus the breading. The bun was a darker bread, looked like pumpernickel... that I was happy about. But I didn't ask for that, I think it should be an option on their menu for all, it shouldn't depend on what burger you order (my boyfriend's beef burger had a white bun.)The fries were very similar to burger king, maybe step up... My boyfriend had a Sinner burger (three thin patties). He was content but he said it was nothing to write home about.The people that worked there were nice and the place was clean, no complaints there.
1	just had burgers at sincity.greasiest burger I have ever eaten.taste was lousy.disorganized eatery.never been to when ya walk in not sure if your waited on or what? no menu's on tables or big menu so everyone can read.instead menu is on the counter where you order?pretty stupid so now person at counter deciding what to ordes while everyone behind them waits??even with the coupon wasn't worth the money.plain lousy.
4	Pretty  good burgers, we had the badass burger & chicken nuggets, I actually loved the nuggets more. 1 star down for the menu being ONLY placed on the countertop :-/ doesn't make any sense and the blonde cook really looked miserable, maybe she had a bad day?
4	Yum, yum, yum, yummy!We tried SinCity Burgers recently and really enjoyed the food.  We found it because of a Groupon deal we were given.  Thank you Groupon for giving us good places to check out for cheap!My hubby and I both got burgers and really enjoyed them.  The meat was juicy and flavorful.  The buns they use are unusual, but really tasty.  The were slightly sweet, chewy, and so soft.  The SinCity sauce was really good as well.  It made for a nice difference than your usual ketchup, mustard, mayo (even though there is NEVER too much mayo) combo from other places.  I can see us visiting this joint regularly because I do believe I am addicted!  My daughter had chicken nuggets and they were tasty as well.  They are hand breaded and have a nice flavor.  They definitely are not just your frozen chicken nuggets.  They are tasty, even in a grown up's opinion.  We also got a milk shake and it was AMAZING!  The shake was so creamy and delicious.  It was a little pricey at $5, but it was a quality shake if I have ever had one.  They also had deep fried Oreos, Twinkies, and marshmallows on the menu.  We were too stuffed to try any of those options, but we will be back to sample them.  It is a fun option to have on your dessert menu.So we WILL be back and eat more yummy burgers for sure!
3	Food tasted good. My turkey burger was made wrong (I wanted it without sauce/mustard) but they took it back and prepared me a new one without question. Not many people were there, it feels kind of awkward being the only customers. The sweet potato tots with marshmallow sauce are really good though.
4	Went here on a whim.  I was in the mood for a burger, but wanted to try something new.  The burger was great, and reasonably priced.  When I went in, there was no one else in there, so I was a little skeptical.  The fries were nothing too special.  But the burger tasted fresh, and the service was pretty good.
3	Pricey, so-so burger.  I like the variety.  I was very happy to be able to order a maple bacon malt, fried marshmallows, and a loaded burger in the same spot, but nothing stood out.  It's worth stopping in if you are nearby, but if you are searching for something experimental or top quality in the burger realm, keep looking.
1	Worst burger I have ever eaten. Went here on a groupon and would never go back. The burger on the overall just tasted bad/funny. I think it was the sauce and lettuce. I deconstructed the burger and still only ate half of it. The meat really had no taste. Sucks to say but on my burger journey this place was rock bottom. The only redeeming quality for this place was the maple bacon shake. Now this was tasty. Don't see myself going out of the way for it. Definitely a skip over this place for me.
2	Nothing special.  The service was slow.   The burger was OK, the bun was the best part.  Fries were hot and crispy but not overly flavorful.I prefer SmashBurger.
3	We went here because we found a groupon. There is NO way we would ever pay full price for this place. Poor quality meat, terribly unfriendly service. We waited 2 minutes and had to start yelling "hello? Hello? Is anyone here?" To get someone to come out from the back and take our order.The place is filthy. The rugs look like they haven't been vacuumed in weeks and the floors are disgusting. After we sat down I noticed the window sills had piles of dirt and dust in them. If I had noticed earlier we would have left. Burgers are so-so. Fries were soggy, even though they were just pulled out of the fryer. Onion rings, while not from frozen, were super disappointing and lacked any flavor. My daughters corn dog was the only thing we ordered that was worth eating. I won't return, and it's a shame because I'd like to see more small owned restaurants in centennial center. For the price, we will go to smash burger next time.
2	I really wanted to like this place, but just can't.  The good:  burgers were above-average and the milkshake very good.The bad: fries, onion rings, service, and the price tag for above-mentioned milkshake (ouch!)Fries were mealy and bland.  I couldn't even swallow the onion rings.  For half the price I'll stick with In N Out and Smashburger down the road.
4	Definitely worth the groupon. No complaints !
1	I enjoyed the feel of this place but became disappointed as I received my food. I ordered a two sliders since they are typically smaller and some fried pickles. The sliders were the size of a small cheese burger which typically wouldn't be a compliant but I did in fact order sliders for the feel of them. My fried pickles were completely saturated in grease, even leaving a small puddle. Needless to say I did not eat them. The burger was good, but the fries were my favorite part. Probably would not go there again.
1	I can't even think to give this place a one star let alone half. The most gross food I have ate in Vegas!!they say angus meat and fresh patted daily, big ass lie! Seem the lady pull it out of a plastic bag. And it tasted awful. The service is rude dirty looking people. The table was sticky, floors looked dirty.Save yourself the energy, gas money, and time go somewhere else I think health department would shut this place down!
5	I LOVE their burgers! The price isn't bad, because your getting the BEST burger in Las Vegas, it's worth it. I would refer this to any burger lovers out there. I give it an A+++!
1	Used a groupon. Would never come back otherwise. Much better off going to red robin, smash burger, or in and out down the street. Burger was mediocre. Wife compared it to bowling alley food. All beef Hot dogs and fries are pretty good. The pickles were disappointing. Have had way better at any other place that sells them. Onion rings were straight out of a freezer bag. Crappy drink selection. Most selections were out of order (wtf?). On top of that, I think the AC wasn't on cause we were sweating inside. Save your $ and go anywhere else.
5	Got their standard specialty burger and wow it was so good. Had a nice moist and meaty patty and fresh toppings.The fries were the type I like kind of like Mickey D's but thicker. I finished off with fried Marshmallows, yum!Price was right too! Used a coupon!
5	Great food at a great price!  Will def go again!   Deep fried marshmallows to die for and fried Oreos too!!!  Food hot and cooked great!!!
4	Since I'm school-bound right now, I'll rate it like a quiz. Haha! I give it a C or 3.75/5. Frontier Burger was good but too much BBQ sauce. It was dripping! Burger was so juicy & tender though. Bacon & fried onion strings were crispy but the winner was the bread. So pillowy soft & chewy. I've never had that before. It's different, good different. Wish it had lettuce though, my only suggestion. Boyfriend had the Badass. It was piping hot. That's the good thing about this place. Cook-to-order so a little bit of a wait. But he loved everything. He loves any burger with egg. The Oreo Shake was super delicious and I'm not an Oreo girl. Fried Twinkie was batter Twinkie goodness. Atmosphere could improve though. And napkins. You have to ask. There are no napkins around. Prices are a little high, so use the Yelp deal or Groupon!
3	SinCity Burgers is not in my neck of the woods.  However, I am known to drive around town in search of the best burgers or whatever else I happened to have a craving for at the moment.  So when I read Mike C's review about their signature burger, I thought I would give them a try or two.SinCity Burger is a mom-and-pop's burger joint inside a strip mall, surrounded by many big box stores within the greater commercial shopping/entertaining campus (A.K.A. Centennial Plaza) in the NW part of LV.  Every item that requires cooking on the menu is cook to order, so that is a plus in my book, but you also have to allot for the time it would require for them to prepare your order (although I am sure they are more than happy to take your pick-up order over the phone).So here is a quick summary of my personal experience and impressions on the items I tried:Sahara Burger (option to go up to 3 patties, starting with 1 patty (Angel), 2 patties (Saint) and 3 patties which they call Sinner), which is topped with Pepperjack Cheese, Grilled onions & Jalapenos, Guacamole, Lettuce, Tomato and their Hell Sauce.  It is a decent burger and with all the toppings and sauces, can definitely get all over your hands and face.  The Hell Sauce has a little kick, but not enough to make most people that does not have a Capsaicin sensitivity crying home to their mama via Facetime(TM).  3/5 stars for me.Badass Burger (I went with the 3 Sinner patties option again and I had to unhinged my jaw like a boa constrictor preparing to swallow a fully evolved Raichu), topped with Swiss Cheese, Green Leaf Lettuce, Tomatoes, Grilled Onions & Mushrooms, Bacon, Fried Egg and their Sin Sauce is good.  The combination of ingredients and the Sin Sauce is badass!  4/5 stars.  [ Recommended ]Grilled Chicken Sandwich - Big meaty juicy grilled chicken breasts in a bun.  I would recommend it if you want to skip the red meat.I also tried their Chocolate Shake, which is okay.  Their Maple Bacon Shake is one of those off the wall, I-dare-you-to-try-it item that was different, but not something I would default to ordering, but the salty, crunchy, chewy bits of bacon in creamy shake is not even a level 2 Fear Factor(TM) food challenge (unless you have a dietary restriction against consuming pork).  Size of the shake could be bigger for the price tag.Homemade Onion Rings - it is served piping hot shortly right after its torturous hot oil bath, but I am personally not a fan of their onion ring batter.  Currently they have a $5.99 burger combo promotion, which is pretty good if you work or are shopping in the vicinity and wants a upgrade from the typical fast food burger, plus it is staff by friendly & helpful people.*Ask for napkins if you dine-in (I did not see a napkin dispenser) but they were generous with napkins on my to-go order.  Use your Yelp check-in promo discount.
3	I wouldn't go here without the groupon because it is expensive. The shake was good, and the burger was okay. It had too much BBQ sauce. The sweet potato tots are great! I didn't enjoy the fried pickles because they were cut too thin with too much batter. All I could taste was batter and no pickle.
3	We came here on a Saturday evening and ordered the1. Badass burger - Saint, 7.99Swiss cheese, green leaf lettuce, tomatoes, grilled onions and mushroms, bacon, fried and and sin sauce2. Crispy chicken salad, 6.99Mixed greens, red onions, carrots, tomato, cheddar cheese, wonton strips, and Caesar dressing3. Oreo shake, 4.49 Hand scooped4. Onion rings, 3.99 Handmade fresh daily for 3.74 (Used the $10 Groupon valued at $20)- Near Walmart. Centennial Plaza.- There are 3 signatures to chose from and you can get it either angel, saint, or sinner meaning 1, 2, 3 patties respectively. - 100% angus beef patty was thin and lacked flavor. Barely any mushrooms. Bacon cut thick and not thin, making it not crispy. Ironically, the SinCity Burger at SmashBurger, IMO, taste juicier and more flavorful that the name of this restaurant. - Burger presented nicely, but difficult to eat and gets sloppy. Put a toothpick! To balance, we used the lettuce and tomato from the salad with the burger- Lackluster crispy chicken salad. I eat better prepared chicken salads at Fresh and Easy. Even the McSalad is better. Salad here is prepared like the pre-made bagged salad you can pick up at Smith's next to the vegetable section! Chicken was far from crispy. - Onion rings were a bit too flaky. When dipped in ketchup, the batter would fall off leaving only  onion between my fingers, an oily onion. - Oreo shake was thick and creamery throughout the last drop. Good recommendation. Although, I still think the Carl's Jr Oreo shake is a bit better bc it taste the same, but cheaper. - No ready napkins. No small container for sauces. Everyone uses same greasy hot sauce bottles. haha. - Redeeming quality was that it was a enough to adequately satiate 2 for about $14, which is great when comparing to casual fast food (smash, 5 guys, fat burger etc)
3	Tried this place today for lunch. We are in town visiting and there was a decent groupon deal. There was only one other couple in there when we arrived around noon after a morning hike. It was small but clean. Menu selection was ok.Prices were good. Hamburger was flavorful, juicy, and had a large selection of "toppings".The maple bacon shake was amazing!!I easily could've just ordered that and been content.I didn't care for the sweet potato tots-gross! And I love sweet potatoes so something was wrong there.Also, the music was kind of annoying. It was a little loud and one song in particular must have been titled "f&$k it" cause it was blaring and every other word was "f&$k"It was almost uncomfortable and I can cuss like a drunken sailor, so I'm not some old prude. It was just over the top for a place of business with a wide range of clientele.Probably would never go back. But for a one time lunch pit stop it was 3 outta 5 stars.
4	Had a corn dog and onion rings. The batter on both were excellent. The onion rings were a little undercooked. I would have liked them a little crispier. Prices were reasonable. I'll go back again. Love the jukebox music!
2	Worst burger I have ever eaten, or attempted to eat. Walked in and the smell of old fryer grease should have been my first clue to turn around. I ordered a burger and asked for no onions or condiments - meaning I still wanted lettuce and tomato, and I added cheese. I got the burger to go.I got home, unwrapped the burger and first thing I notice is that it was just cheese, and if must have been shredded cheddar because there was just a glob of  something melted adhered to bottom of patty. I saw on a yelp pic that they used fresh angus, always fresh, never frozen and I have to say I hope they took that banner down, because if that was fresh angus beef then they got ripped off!!  The meat had a funny texture and weird flavor like it had liquid smoke added...after one bite I inspected the patty itself, and wound up throwing it away. Fries were good and the staff was nice so I will give an additional pity star for those factors.
1	I have never posted a review before. This place is so bad it made me post. Worst customer service in the valley.
3	I was on this side of town and was doing some shopping. A craving for burgers hit and I thought that I would give this a try. Would I say this is the best burger I've ever had? No, but it hit the spot. They do a combo that makes it around the price of fast food.
5	The burger was fresh, as was the tomatos and lettuce. Very happy with the meal. Owner operated, and works to deliver the best service possible. No drive thru, so it's not "FAST FOOD", but it is worth going in for. Fries were hot and fresh just the way I like them.
1	I really liked this place.. but the last time I went I watch the lady in the back make my food after handling a raw beef patty and raw bacon. I was in such aww I didn't really know how too tell the owner what I saw. They both seemed too be irritated but I'm sorry that's just gross and dangerous, I will never go there again after that.
5	Great Burgers, Great Fries - I'm happy.
