5	Excellent food!! Super good pork fried rice! Big chunks of pork and really flavorful. Tried the Mongolian beef and orange chicken. Both were very tasty. Prices very reasonable. They have dinner combos between $8-$10 and you get very large portions! Will definitely return!
2	I know I'm a chinese food snob (see other reviews), but this wasn't really that great.The steamed rice was very obviously not fresh; was a little bit stale. Had the chicken with broccoli lunch special and a small order of potstickers. The potstickers were halfway decent, but the chix/broc was horrenibadawfulgross.You know when you get the dietetic version of chicken and broccoli? No? Just me? Shit. Well, that version comes with no sauce. It was like this place inadvertently gave me the diet version. Trying to tell me something? Fuckers.Anyway, upsides are that they deliver, the price isn't that bad, and the potstickers were fine. I'll have to try it again and write a review update, but for now, not impressed at all. Stay away from the chicken and broccoli and maybe you'll be okay.
4	Have to change my mind here.Excellent dinner tonight!Had dinner with my family, got the garlic shrimp lo mein, sesame chicken, sweet and sour shrimp, boneless ribs, potstickers. Everything was on par!The boneless ribs were out of this world good. Reminded me of NY chinese food, except better! My dinner was delicious, the sesame chicken was tender and flavorful, and my mother loved her sweet and sour chicken. Also, the fortune cookies were hilarious. Mine told me that I would be a good lawyer (I dropped out of law school), and my mother's said she would take a vacation (she's on one). The other two were blank. Sidenote, wtf, blank fortune cookies?Anyway, good dinner. We'll try one more time to see if this is 4 stars or 2 stars :)
3	Decent fast food Chinese. I got the cashew chicken (my go-to dish at all take out places) and the mixed vegetables. The cashew chicken had huge pieces of chicken and plenty of cashews, along with some veggies. Pretty tasty overall. The mixed veggie dish wasn't bad either -- good variety of veggies, nice and crispy in a garlic sauce. This is one of the better take out Chinese places in southwest Vegas (at least compared to China a-go-go and Jackie Chan).
5	LIKE. I've tried a few other Chinese places in the area, but this one is by far the best. Portions are generous and there are some specials that are even good for delivery! Also, plenty of vegetarian options--enough for me to have to sit and make a decision. I tried the lo mein, which was delish. Will definitely order again!
4	Right down the street from our house, so it gets one star for being the quick, I don't feel like cooking we need to eat fast because I'm starving place. :) Friendly staff, fast turn around for call in/pickup orders. Star. The food is consistent and good. We order from here about twice a month so we are always trying new items. Hands down favorites because they are full of both veggies and meat are the Szechuan Hot Garlic Beef and Kung Pao Chicken. They have great Singapore Noodles and Combo Lo Mein. The Combo Fried Rice has large meat pieces and whole shrimp. Star. Honey Walnut Shrimp. Star. And earlier this year when I came in to place and wait for my order the lady working gave me a small sample of the Hot and Sour Soup. Yum. Salivating now just thinking about it. Good food, reasonable price, friendly service, close by the house = winner.
4	I finally tried this place after driving by it 8 million times.  I got a to-go order of the lunch special, chicken and broccoli for $5.95.  Everything was made promptly and packaged up in a styrofoam container.  I dove into the meal when I got home minutes later.  The chicken was all white meat lightly wok-tossed in a thin brown sauce with broccoli, sliced carrot, and pieces of green onion.  Pretty good but not quite as good as Rice N Noodle (they have a thicker, tastier brown sauce in their chicken and broccoli dish).   Their lunch specials all come with an egg roll and choice of fried rice, steamed rice, or lo mein.  Decent value and I'd like to return to dine in.  The restaurant is located in the middle of the strip mall.  On the inside, the decor is contemporary-modern, clean, and the counter staff can speak fluent English (not Chinglish)!
5	Talk about the ultimate meal for that rough time that comes twice a week aka day before payday!  It's cheap, it's tasty, they deliver, they're fast, and you will be full.I'm slowly drifting off into chinese food coma, with leftovers in the fridge.  Things are looking up... Tomorrow's Friday, I got some tasty leftovers for lunch, and it's payday!*Put on speed-dial.
2	Not very tasty.  I ordered a spicy garlic dish, which had no spice or garlic.  Fresh veggies were good, but it didn't make up for the blandness of the food.  The female at the counter was not so nice to deal with.  I will avoid this place, even thought it is on the way home.
1	I don't know what happened. I looked up Chinese food on my mobile Yelp and this was one of my two choices. This place got better reviews then Jackie Chan so I went with it. The Hubs and I ordered Chicken Lo Mein, Spicy Garlic Broccoli, Szechuan  Shrimp and Chicken Curry. They said it would be 45 min to an hour. Got there in 20 min. Great, we left them a big tip and got ready to dig in. Where did the meat go?? Considering I try not to eat many carbs, there was no meat in these dishes. I didn't try the lo mein but the shrimp and chicken curry had a few bites of meat and all veggies. Needless to say, I went hungry because I don't eat rice. The curry had a weird flavor. I haven't had tons of Thai curry so I am basing my comparison on Pin Kow which is yummy. The spicy broccoli was the only thing that didn't disappoint. When I am paying 9 bucks for a chicken dish, I expect there to be chicken in it. I will never order from here again. Waste of 40 bucks.
5	Let's talk about Xo Chinese Food..... The food was a delivery to my place and I was absolutely blown away by the quality of the food and the service.  My girlfriend and I ordered War Wonton, Rice, Chow Mein, Healthy steamed veggies and Chicken, and Orange Chicken...... The kicker of the meal Thai Ice tea - a favorite of mine!On to the review, first, the food got delivered before the 30 minute time referred to us on the phone; always a plus.  Second, The food was neatly sectioned down to the broth used onto the chicken so those of us who like our healthy food super duper healthy need not worry; another plus. All the food ordered and paid for was included except..... the Thai Ice Tea :(This is normally where I wouldn't include anything other than the food tasted fantastic and it was another three star place for having prompt service and great tasting delivery, however, no less then 10 minutes later a secondary driver.... Yup, second delivery person came to our door with my wonderful Thai Ice tea.  I understand the place is across the street from my complex, but that is above and beyond customer service.  It's five star Yelp and Mike P service.  Great job Xo I cannot wait to order from you again.
3	So after reading reviews on yelp I wasn't sure if it was good or not. My desperation of being hungry and sick lead me to order delivery. I have to say I was impressed given I didn't have high expectations. The food was OK for the Price. I ordered the family meal deal with Curry Chicken, Beef Egg Rolls, Eggdrop soup, Fried Chicken strips on a skewer (I don't know what they're called), steamed rice and a side order of BBQ boneless pork ribs. The ribs were the best of them all. The egg rolls were too greasy and had a very stale texture to it. Their sweet & sour sauce was tasteless and probably just gelatin and red food dye #4. I have to admit they packed the food and soup very neatly. The delivery was within the 30min. window and a friendly guy. It's close by and I don't like Jacky Chan it's disgusting food so I would say I would order again if I was desprate and lazy to drive further to get something better. The soup was good, after I added chili to it. Overall, I wouldn't go out of my way to order from them. How can you mess up Chinese Food? I'd hate to say it, but Panda Express was way better than this, and it's not a huge nationwide chain for no reason, they got their Shhhht right whether we want to admit it or not.
4	XO Chinese food is awesome. For take out, i cant recommend a better place. My personel favorite dish is the pineapple shrimp fried rice. Prices are great and they deliver fast. Thumbs up to XO!
5	We were looking for a convenient pickup meal on the way home yesterday from work and decided to check yelp for some highly rated chinese food in our area. Up pops XO. Now, I have to say I definitely use yelp more and more now to determine where I am going to go and what I am going to do when I get there. The reviews for this place were high and XO did not disappoint.We ordered a family dinner, so we could get some appetizers to go along with our meal and be more cost effective. So we ordered the BBQ pork fried rice with dinner which was excellent, won ton soup (also really yummy with lots of won tons unlike other places where with 2-4 ppl you get one won ton a piece usually), egg rolls, and chicken skewers with a nice lemony sorta sauce. We also got the Orange Chicken and the Crispy Almond chicken by Yelp recommendation as well. Id say the Orange Chicken was my fave in the dinner as unlike most chinese restaurants, the chicken was super crispy and covered in the orange sauce. My bff loved the Almond Chicken and sauce.In addition to the food being awesome when we got home, it took less than 10 minutes from ordering to get our order. They also deliver so we will be checking that out next time. Thank you yelpers for such a great suggestion. PS me & my dog loved it - see Isabella Y's review ;)
1	I ordered Kung Pao Chicken, but that was not what I got. No Peanuts, just a ton of bell peppers and huge chunks of chicken with no flavor and no heat. Kung Pao is supposed to be small diced chicken and vegetable. I also ordered combination fried rice, this tice tasted like like a wooden spoon had stirred it for a week. I will never eat there again, disgusting, try Rice and Noodle instead.
1	I was on yelp trying to figure out whats good and close by when I saw xo. Everyone either had a good food experience or bad, unfortunately mine was horrible. The only reason why I gave it a one star was because the gentleman at the front desk was nice.
3	Got take out and had them deliver a few times.  If your in the mood for Chinese takeout this place isn't bad.  Delivery added one star to my rating so keep that in mind when ordering.
3	So my boyfriend and I tried this place last night and I thought it would be better then it was. I order the orange chicken because everyone was raving about it. My chicken was dry and you couldn't really tell that the sauce on it was orange didn't have any flavor really. Chris order the Beef and Broccoli and it was very bland. The wonton soup was ok but have had better. I did like the chicken on a stick and the crab rangoons and the egg roll. I am going to try this place one more time just in case maybe they were having an off day!
1	Terrible chicken was old texture was odd and the food smelt foul!GROSS!!!!!
4	I've been here about 4 times in the past two weeks because the food is tasty, CHEAP, and prepared quickly.So far I've gotten Orange Chicken, General Tso's Chicken, and Kung Pao Chicken which all include white rice, fried rice, or lo mein and an egg roll for about 6 bucks. The portions are HUGE! They give it to you in a jam packed styrofoam container as you can see in my pics. There's so much that it normally takes me two days to finish. No problem there because I love me some Chinese leftovers. The Orange Chicken is all white meat which makes it a little more dry than normal, but I still like it more than most other places because I prefer white meat anyway. My brother likes the General Tso's Chicken more though because he says it's less saucy than the Orange Chicken. The Kung Pao Chicken I tried today had way too many veggies. I know it's suppose to have a lot of veggies, but there was hardly any meat at all in there; I might as well have just gotten a vegetarian dish. Pros:CheapBig portionsFree wifi!Slushies and Thai TeaTasty foodLocationNice staffCleanFree refillsCons:Too little meat in some of the meat dishesOrange Chicken can be pretty dryOverall, I like to come here for their Orange or General Tso's Chicken lunch specials because you get a lot of bang for your buck and the food is yummy. It's an added bonus that it's less than a mile away from my house ;)
1	Ordered delivery for the first time on a Tuesday night at 5pm. Told it would be 30 minutes, it took 40. Ordered pork fried rice, sesame chicken, and kung pao chicken for $25. When the delivery guy arrived, he informed us it was cash only, which would have been good to know when ordering. Everything was bland. There was literally no flavor to any of the dishes. The kung pao chicken had hardly any chicken or peanuts, all vegetables. I have had bar Chinese food that tasted better. I would never order from here again.
5	Excellent restaurant! VERY tasty, fast and cheap. I live in Mountain's Edge and this is truly an awesome alternative for lunch/dinner if you are not in the mood to cook. The orange chicken, sweet and sour chicken and mongolian beef are excellent. I normally order the family special (rice, two entrees and a bunch of appetizers) which is enough for three people, and the BEST part is they deliver it within 15 minutes! DEFINITELY TRY THIS RESTAURANT!
5	Love this place!  Great food and service.  We usually get the food delivered to the our house, but have eaten in.  Absolutely love the Orange Chicken. Nice large pieces of fresh white meat chicken with very tasty Orange Sauce. The Crab Rangoon's are to die for!
4	I'm assuming if you're reading this you most likely live in the neighborhood. If you do then you should order from these dudes. Super quick food and actually pretty damn tasty. I usually order the pad thai which is very good and comes jam packed in the box its served in. Their food is really well cooked and not the usual greasy or shiny sauced stuff you would get at another place that may or may not be a few doors down in either direction. When you order for delivery just be sure to ask for chop sticks and extra sauces. They are super fast so if you order be on stand by. Seriously I barely have time to pop a brewski and change out of the ol work clothes before I have some pad thai getting its chill on at my front door.
5	This is a great place for dine-in, delivery, or take-out Chinese food! The restaurant itself is clean, casual, and provides a comfortable environment to hang and eat for however long. The prices are reasonable and portions are generous.My favorite is their Szechuan garlic chicken extra spicy with white rice. They provide plenty of meat so that you're not fishing through too many veggies to find it. The chicken fried rice is also good because it isn't too greasy. I'm normally not a big fan of fried rice but I enjoyed the one here. I also recommend their wonton soup... hearty and comes with quality wontons (not the yellow, Americanized kinds), and the broth isn't too salty like most other places.Staff is friendly and helpful... (we all know this is not the case for most Chinese restaurants). They're also lenient with menu modifications so if you like your dish extra spicy or enjoy baby corn the way I do, they will not have a problem making these adjustments. :) Overall I definitely recommend this place for a meal that's quick, cheap, filling, and enjoyable.
3	It was ok. My fried rice wasn't evenly cooked and the seating area was pretty dirty.
2	Apparently there aren't many good Chinese takeout places in Vegas. So putting this into perspective, I guess this place is okay. Good for lazy days when you don't feel like cooking or going out to get food, and are sick of pizza.
2	I just ordered some wor won ton soup and egg rolls. How disappointing! The won tons had very little meat and they had a really dough-y texture. I'm not used to that at all and didn't care for it one bit. The prices weren't bad but I just wasn't impressed with the food. Maybe I should have went to Jacky Chan down the street..
3	fast cheap food yes its here ! great good amazing not so much. But if you are in a bind and need to grub fast this is the spot. Its worth the money
1	Hate to give any place less than 2 stars unless I think something is seriously lacking.  Well, in this case something is seriously lacking.  The Mongolian beef I ordered was made with the cheapest, chewiest beef since I bought beef jerky at 7-11 a few years back.  The fried rice option for the combos is PORK fried rice only.  You can't get regular fried rice.  The pork didn't really go well with the beef, although I'm not sure it was beef.  The fried rice itself was very dried out.  The combo meal consists of a choice of entrees for lunch, plus pork fried rice, lo mein and one other option.  You do not get soup with the combo, and a drink is separate......so much for the great prices.  If you got the Mongolian beef, with an order of soup, and a drink, the price of lunch would be well over $10.00....hardly a bargain.
2	Meh is right... lets start on a positive note. The service was friendly, very friendly. I ordered take out the General Tso Chicken with Lo Mein and Edd rolls. It came out pretty prompt (7ish minutes or so) But when I got it home i opened the bag only to notice the guy hadn't closed the lid all the way and the sauce and lo mein were every where. it drenched the egg rolls and made them soggy. It also made everything taste the same. And the noodles seemed to be over cooked, they are so soft... yuck! And for 10 bucks you can get much better. Ill stick with my Grand China on Durango & Warmsprings...
4	I always order take out and it is fast and hot and delicious :)
4	Good, fast Chinese food. I think the owner is the one who takes order, very polite and answered questions about some dishes offered.
4	Orange chicken from this place is really good.   Also tried the BBQ pork fried rice and was not bad at all.  Food is ready within 10 minutes of calling it in.  Will be coming here instead of China Go Go.
2	Since last Saturday I have the bowl of chic curry seated on my refrigerator. It was the worse curry i ever tried. I order delivery at 10:50am it arrived at 11:40am PS: IT is 5 min from my house, but bc of personal reasons I could not go there. House fried rice/fried chic wings and red curry...The only good thing of all was the wings, everything else I couldn't eat. The rice was undercooked, and the curry tasted terrible.
4	Certain dishes are good, others are not. You have to try a few different things and see what you like. Their sweet and sour sauce is quite terrible but not really a concern to me. I wish I could give a half star to make it 3.5 but it is what it is. The service is actually what makes this place. Always a pleasure to order.
4	Just tried this place tonight.  Service was good and fast.  I had the Singapore noodles and edamame.  Both were very good.  Not usually into Chinese fast food, but this place was pretty good.  I'll go back if I need a quick fix of something Asian and am too lazy to drive a bit further and get sushi or real Thai.
5	This place never fails to amaze! I brought my brother here and, although the were almost closing, the food was fresh and very tasty. The best Chinese food in the southwest!
5	Great tasting Chinese and Thai dishes! They have an extensive menu and their food isn't nearly as oily as other Chinese take-out/ delivery places I've been to- they even have a 'healthy menu' which has fresh steamed options instead of fried or sauteed.
3	Middle of the road chinese food. I've had most of the chicken dishes and Thai soup. Satisfied with both but doesn't blow me away. They are quick and the portions are big for the price. I'd take this any day over the fast food Chinese place.
5	I do like this place a lot. Its across the street and is always there whenever my stomach is in the mood for some spicy Lo Mein (you have to ask for it Spicy but its delicious if you do)My GF and her daughter love the place as well and always fight over the leftovers they have.We will be back and who knows I may just try something other than their Lo Mein.
4	My go-to spot for Chinese take out!  The BBQ Pork Fried Rice and Egg Drop Soup are my favorites, but the Thai Curry dishes are yummy too.   Service is always very friendly and delivery orders arrive in no time!  So happy to have this place just minutes from my house.
1	One of the worst Chinese food I have ever had ...very greasy and really doesn't have any taste to it
1	Gross. Greasy. White chicken meat did NOT even taste like white meat. Mongolian Beef (?) was that actually real beef?? Veggies were even disgusting. Rice was crunchy and resembled maggots. None of us (4) could tolerate any of the meals we chose we threw it all away!!! Never again. Even if it were free AND the only food left on earth!!!
1	I wish I could give zero stars here. Not sure what happened to this place. Maybe they have new ownership but the food quality is now just horrible. Im pretty sure they just microwave their orange chicken. I also ordered chicken pad thai for delivery and when i got it it was litterally a box of chow mein noodles. I called to ask what this is about and she said they put the order in wrong however I am welcome to purchase another order of pad thai..... I dont get it. You know you messed up my order then offer me to pay again for what I originally ordered. I dont whine or go out of my way to post crappy reviews but seriously save yourself the time and money and go pick up something from the frozen isle of Vons before ordering anything from here.
1	After spending the day at the hospital with my baby I called this place on my way home to order General tso-chicken to go. 5 minutes later I was there to pick it up. When I got home excited to have a meal what a nightmare, it was the most disgusting thing I have ever tried I can't even describe what kind of chicken they had sold me. We ended up eating white rice with NOTHING ELSE.. It was 8pm so I decided to stop by on the next day as it was already a long exhausting day to me and my family. Next day (Sunday) around noon I went there with my baby and just told the ''gentleman'' that they had served me something else instead of GTC, he immediately started screaming at me in front of all his customer ( Even when I tried to make it as discrete as possible). He said that if I hadn't returned it at the same day it was my loss... He wasn't going to refund my money or anything. I told him  that I was giving him the opportunity to make it right but as he was so ignorant I wasn't going to waste my time instead I was calling my bank and disputing the charge (Exactly what I did). Anyhow, this place should have been closed a long time ago. PS: Drive few more minutes and go eat something tasty, affordable and with an excellent service Rice and noodle on Rainbow.
4	I was very pleased with my meal here. I have the Mongolian beef bowl and it was delicious. Also got some pot stickers on the side.. They weren't the best I've had but dipped in some sweet and sour and was good to go.
4	I work in the southwest and this location is very close to my office.  The food is really great here. My favorite is the orange chicken and the mixed veggies. The staff is friendly and helpful. I frequent this location often when I am craving Chinese Food.
1	I had the general tsos chicken and it was sour and disgusting. I also had the refried pork rice very bland. I will not go back.
1	Never again! I thought id give this place a try and I regret it. I eat often at jacky chans but I wanted to try fried rice since that is hard to mess up. I also purchased wonton soup for my husband since he had a sore throat. The soup was not good and the portion I got for the price I paid was not worth it. The rice was too stale. Won't be back!
1	Not very good beef and broccoli tasted off. Orange chicken was okay. Don't think I would go back though.
1	I've lived in Mt. Edge for about 9 months, finally decided to give this place a try with an order for delivery. I ordered chicken egg foo young, they gave me chicken fried rice. I was too hungry to call and complain and wait an additional 40 minutes for the correct order to arrive. My fault for not checking my order at the front door, didn't really think it was necessary for such a simple order.
4	Pretty good! I'll definitely be back! I'm not even a Chinese food fan, and this was good! Portions are good size, chow mein is solid, and the garlic broccoli is a must! Not a fan of how they cook their Kung Pao chicken, but it was still good. Prices are very reasonable also. Glad they opened up in my neighborhood!
4	Love the pork fried rice. It reminds me of the pork fried rice I used to get back when I used to live in NYC. I always order from them especially after long nights out with my friends, XO Chinese has a delicious, hot, light soup called Wor Wonton Soup which contains veggies, chicken, shrimp, wontons and pork. Mmmm. Great hangover remedy. Until I move out of mountains edge, XO Chinese will always be my spot.
1	My good friend got discriminated against by the general manager. What a shame.. Just lost a big number of clients.
1	I wish there was a 0 star option.  I will admit it was my mistake for ordering the "Thai Chicken Curry" from a Chinese place.  This dish was horrible.  Not even suitable for my dogs.  The alleged curry sauce looked and tasted a lot more like a bland powdered mix of store brand gravy for mashed potatoes.  After a few disappointing bites I quickly went for my white rice and threw the gravy and accompanying vegetables in the outside trash can.  This meal was an abomination.  This is my first yelp review.  I've eaten plenty of crappy food so, that says a lot.  Roaches wouldn't eat this plate.
2	For Mtns. Edge? It fulfills the Chinese food craving. Def a fast food type place. It was clean and staff friendly. I had the pad thai, I am used to it having a bit more of kick but good. Figured since it was the first time I couldn't go wrong with it. The best was my edamame. Yummmmm. Will prob go back because when you live in BFE Vegas and want Chinese fast, this will do. They deliver and you can call in your order too.
1	Absolutely awful!  They have really gone down hill.  The brown rice was more like minute rice.  The teriyaki chicken was like the frozen pre-made you find in a grocery store.  The pot stickers you could definitely tell they didn't care when cooking them, they had a quick burnt fry on the bottom.  Never again!
1	I won't go back. The noodles were greasy, the orange chicken had a lot of soggy batter with flavorless bright orange jelly with a combination of fatty brown  meat inside I'm started to doubt it was actually chicken. I wouldn't be surprised if it was goat meat or neighborhood kitty cat. The meat was gross. It was over priced. And bad quality authentically masked with a fast food flavor. It reminded me of casino workers employee dining room free food offered. The kind of good that makes you violently ill.
1	I dont know about the other dishes, but their "pad thai" is absolutely  atrocious. I have never tried noodles as sour as sour patch kids  candy until now. Also, enjoy their fake sriracha sauce and chemical hot mustard. If that doesnt get you  hospitalized  i dont know what will. However, enjoy the fortune cookies!
4	Not sure why all of the bad reviews. It's not the best Chinese food in the world, but it's not horrible. I've had all of the following at various times: both the chicken and veggie egg foo young, chicken is better. egg rolls are egg rolls, crab rangoon is decent.  Both the cashew and kung pao chicken are decent, and the chicken and pork friend rice are decent. I'd take this over PF Changs, but I would take Panda over this.
