5	5 Stars and two snaps!!! All I'm gonna say is if I was a cocktail I would be the Serrano Martini. I felt the heat from the tip of my tongue to my toenails and let me tell you, it was HOT and oh so delicious! The restaurant itself has been revamped for the better and the staff was friendly and the music was on point. Perfect bar experience in my book.I haven't tried the food yet, but if it's anything like the smooth and spicy martini I will be sure to be satisfied.
5	Traveled the distance after hearing rave reviews of this restaurant all the way from Los Angeles. We were not disappointed! You are treated like a rockstar by the cool Hard Rock Hotel staff, very modern yet welcoming decor, and incredible service. I only wish the restaurant's music had more of a classic rock soundtrack. My menu: Dirty Girl Scout martini, filet mignon with a surprise delicacy, to-die-for mac and cheese, and an Elvis Presley-inspired dessert. This is now a definite stop every time I'm in Vegas.
5	Nice staff all around that went the extra mile for my girlfriend's mom, I had one of the best NY strip steaks ever!
4	I wish Yelp would allow  a 4.5 star rating, this place is not a 5(close)but better than some of the other places I have given 4 stars to. We arrived for our reservation and we had a couple of additions to our party, our party of 6 became a party of 8 and they accomidated us with  no problem even though the place was quite busy when we arrived. The decor and atmosphere is awesome, upbeat with a lounge feel. They have an outstanding cocktail/martini list. Our waiter arrived promtly to take our cocktail orders and returned shortly thereafter with drinks and a couple plates of complimentary appitizers courtesy of our Hard Rock VIP Casino host. This is a steak place and everyone ordered steaks/fillets. Everything was prepared to everyones liking and we had orders from rare to well at our table and everyone got the prep they requested (impressive). The sides were all delicious as well. Service was above average. My only few small complaints were that the coffee we ordered with our dessserts was cool (barely luke warm) and by the time our waiter came back by to check on us again we were all done with our deserts but he did take the coffee and deserts off our bill. My only other teenie tiny complaint is the menu was lacking much variety in addition to steaks. Don't get me wrong,  I know it's a steak place, but I like to be more adventerous and the non-steak/non-beef entrees that were on the menu looked plain and boring in my opinion. If you are staying at Hard Rock this is a convienient spot for excelent dining without having to leave the property. I will definetly go back and I recomend this place for anyone who wants not only a great fillet or steak but a great overall experience.
4	The bread basket & complimentary chef's chips with the dip were delicious and the mac and cheese is amazing! My salad was okay, the service was very good, the place is cute and trendy...
4	Watch your tongue!  It might end up with a hot pepper on it!This was the first stop on Jaime W.'s and my spicy drink tour of Las Vegas.  She already sold me on the serrano martini in her review, so here we met.First, Jaime seemed to know everyone who works there - not just the restaurant but the casino!We had 2 amazing bartenders - forgot their names but the feisty curly haired brunette made our sizzlin' hot serrano sippers and gave us house made potato chips with French onion dip for free!  The male bartender (J name I think) kept refilling our waters and checking on us- wow!I LOVED the drink - it was a blend of muddled basil and serrano with a floating slice of HOT PEPPER.  I bit into it and got watery eyes - YES!  We had a nice time here but opted to have food somewhere else (we were just gettin' started!)The tour continues as we hunt for spicy drinks in Vegas!
4	This Is a very nice and quaint restaurant that would be the type of place you would like to bring someone to purpose and where you can expect everyone to turn around, cheer and clap in excitement. They have a whole wall dedicated to they're fine wines, a wooden platform by the bar and beautiful lighting fixtures. The name of the steak house originates from the 35 day dry-aged prime steak they prepare. Try The crab cakes :-)
2	We did have a travelzoo deal so this may have been the reason we had such a poor visit, but:The food: all of our steaks (4)were dry as a bone.  I am not sure if they were overcooked or if it was the salt rub on them or both, but they were really dry.  I ordered rare, but the steak i got was medium at best.  I sent it back and received a new steak that was maybe medium rare, but still not right.  At this point i decide to just eat it.   I expect so much more from a steak house, and even at the $100 for two deal i would not eat here again.The service:  Its as though we didn't exist.  It took a while before i could get the waitress' attention and send back my steak.  Also our drinks went empty for quite some time before being noticed.   the host was also snotty when we mentioned travelzoo.  *if you hate the deal then dint have it!   I would have tipped a good amount on the fully value of the voucher had the service not been so horrendous.Overall with badly cooked steaks and horrible service there is no way i would go back.  There are simply too many good restaurants in Vegas to waste your time trying this one.  I was disappointed as I do enjoy staying at the Hard Rock from time to time.  Looks like I'll be cabbing it for dinner.
2	Let's make the difference between strip restaurants and off-strip restaurants clear.Strip restaurants have a captive audience who usually don't leave the casino.Strip restaurants revenue-share with the casino in exchange for valuable foot-traffic real estate.Because of this, they can and need to charge high prices for food and beverages. Off-strip restaurants do not have a captive audience. Either they attract locals, or they attract tourists who can travel away from the casinos. Off-strip restaurants need to work harder to attract a clientele than strip restaurants do.Because of this, they must offer something that strip restaurants do not. The thing that works the best is the equation of: Food and beverage as-good-as strip restaurants + a meaningfully lower price = business.That gives us some extraordinary off-strip restaurants like The Barrymore, Vintner Grill and Lotus of Siam, plus scores of restaurants in Chinatown, to mention a few.I'm sad to say that this "Vegas restaurant business 101" strategy has been entirely lost on 35 Steaks.Their prices are as high, and in some cases, higher than strip steakhouses, and the quality of meat is lower. The menu even makes it clear that some of their beef selections are "choice" and not "prime"; in other words, meat any of us can buy at a good butcher shop, not the best cuts reserved mostly for high-end restaurant buyers.I had the "Rossini" which is a nice piece of center rib-eye with some foie gras on top. I ordered it medium-rare bu it came out medium-well. Usually when a kitchen gets a steak wrong, it's a matter of one level; medium-rare to medium for example. Two levels off is simply shameful for a "high-end" steakhouse.The Hard Rock has enough trouble attracting people away from the strip, what with their casino being about the size of a video arcade, and an oddly claustrophobic layout. What would possess them to open a restaurant that has little or no chance of attracting diners away from the dozens of other choices that are better and in many cases less expensive?Ya got me. Which is more than I can say for 35 Steaks + Martinis.
2	Travelzoo seems to bring out the worst in some restaurants (read the NOVe reviews). If the food & experience was less than desirable paying at a reduced price, its safe to say it's not going to get much better when I pay full price. We got the 3 course meal which on paper was great. We chose the Salumi platter as an app and won't order it again. The watery french onion soup smelled of rotten cheese and sweaty socks. After sampling and enduring it's smell we requested that it be immediately exiled from the table. I had the wedge which was just unassuming. Not even worth writing about actually. The Filet was tasty. Cooked correctly and nicely seasoned, which amplified the flavor. I could cut the Filet with a fork it was so tender. Use the chimichurri mixture to elevate the steak. The cauliflower gratin was a complete disappointment. Actually, it was an utter failure! You ever keep tasting something just to make sure you tasted correctly? I kept doing that and every time I was surprised it was that bad. The cheese sauce was watery and the whole dish lacked depth of flavor. It was the low-fat version of a basterdized  classic French dish.  I expected much more. The asparagus was perfect, but I half expected them to bring us the woody stems. The service was great, but the server recommended a terrible sounding artichoke app., which was brought to us when we ordered the Salumi. The cucumber and gin drink was crisp and refreshing. Also, they have a martini happy hour (bar only) where 7-10 martinis are about $7. They aren't your typical martinis, but a list of reasons why you never drink martinis with more than two ingredients. I didn't expect much from this restaurant, it seems neither did anyone else.
5	The restaurant's ambiance is great, its very simple but chic. The waiter we had was amazing, we asked about the $5 martinis on tuesdays and he told us it was only in the lounge but that if we wanted to we could go get drinks and bring them back to our table. We started off with the crab cake, which was one crab cake for $15, it was VERY good just wish it came with at least 2. We then ordered the tomahawk chop, OMG AMAZING! The presentation was amazing, the flavor was perfect, no sauce needed and it was cooked perfectly. We also had the asparagus as a side which was a great compliment. We shared all 3 (crab cake, chop, asparagus) between two of us and we were beyond stuffed at the end of our meal. As for martini's we had the 35 gimlet which was very refreshing and we has the saketini which was OKAY!
3	Food: i had the porter house steak which by far one of the best ive ever had. Service: pretty much like any other steak house nothing stands out at this restaurant side notes: we went for new years eve celebrations thinking we could order their NYE special and regular menu like their ads stated. but apparently its by table only so everyone has to do the set menu. we decided not to do that.
4	We were lucky we went for an early dinner. We had a large group that eats on the healthy side, and the waitress/chefs were kind enough to allow for substitutions on quite a few of the meals without hesitation.  Crabcakes were very good, like most high end steakhouses, the sides are always excellent, including the mac n cheese.
4	After a whirlwind of gambling, drinking, and eating strange meals late at night my guy and I decided we wanted to go to a nice dinner. We switched hotels and were then staying at the Hard Rock (which I loved). Anyways, we walked in on a Tuesday night and were seated immediately. They brought out bread I believe and I had their house cab which was very pleasant. We ordered a wedge salad (the first one I have ever eaten) and it was delicious. The thickness of the bleu cheese went well with the crispness of the lettuce. We both ordered the filets cooked medium rare. When mine was brought out - it was medium at least. I sent it back and had them prepare it closer to rare. It came back perfectly. It was so juicy and tender. It was a great steak. We also had the asparagus which is hard to mess up but was delicious. The only weird part of the meal was in between the salad and the meal they brought out these potato chips. In my opinion they clashed with the atmosphere and vibe they were trying to set.
4	the service was excellent the food was good not 100% amazing the prices are very high and I will definitely say when food is worth it and I think it was semi worth it. Great ambiance very romantic. I dont think I would go back but I do think it was a good experience
4	Small portions but good. Service was OK..our waitress was not the one actually serving us. Steaks average is about $50 per person but it was good.
4	Somewhat pricey but for the high quality and service, I don't mind paying higher.I ordered aged prime rib, asparagus, and creme brule. The prime rib was perfectly cooked and super tender! It melts in your mouth! Usually prime rib steaks contain lots of fat, but the one I ate wasn't fatty at all. The chef even came out to ask how I liked the steak (I was so surprised).I don't remember the waitress' name but she was pregnant the time she served me; very friendly, nice and classy girl.The creme brule was amazing as well! The best I had was at Capitol Grille but this is the 2nd best!Highly recommend this place if you like high quality steaks and service! One star off because they don't open for lunch.
4	Ate there tonight. Oh my goodness, what a treat and a delight. I had the lamb chops, daughter had the ribeye with foie gras. Both were spectacular, and cooked just right. The chef himself came to our table to ask how was everything? Then he addressed himself to me and said he knew that when someone orders lamb they are very particular and very fussy about the preparation, so he wanted to make sure mine were ok. I said more than ok, they were spectacular. And he was right about the fussy. Would and will definitely go back. Didnt give it 5 stars as I am from Tampa, FL..home of Berns and thats some tough competition.
1	I rarely drop a one star but this place did it.I stay at the Hardrock when I am in Vegas and was excited to try the new steak joint. This restaurant location seems to be cursed as both AJ's and the place after it didn't quite seem up to snuff. Went with a group of 9 guys on a bachelor party. There were 2 other groups there both under 10 people and maybe 4 or 5 other tables sat. In total, there were around 40 to 50 people there. This will come into play in a second. We sat down and service was fine. We ordered right away. Appetizers took 45 minutes to come out and our steaks came out 75 minutes after ordering them. I asked why it took so long and the server said it was because we were a big group. If a restaurant that seats over 100 can't service 10 customers when they are only half full, they need some major changes to the service.Then there was the food. I got the crab cakes which I would give a 3 out 5 for the crab cakes I have had in my life but at $15 for one very small crab cake, it should have been better. I split the tomahawk chop, ordered medium rare, with a buddy and ordered the the spinach as a side. Spinach was simple steamed spinach and was average at best and again I would have expected something more for $8 but this is my fault for not asking if it was just straight steamed spinach. The steak was bar none the worst $100 steak I have ever had. It would have been the worst $20 steak I have ever had if it didn't cost $50 a head. It came out medium well which I should have expected I guess since it was on the grill for so long. I would have sent it back but I didn't have another hour to wait for a replacement. There was no flavor to the meat at all which might have been from the overcooking but it was very fatty (which rib eye should be) and somehow still devoid of flavor. Our entire group had similar feelings with some of the guys feeling it was not bad but just mediocre.I have no problem dropping $100+ on a good dinner but that is not what this place had to offer when I was there. I hope they turn this around because I will be in the hotel again and hate having to drive somewhere to get a decent steak.
5	I was in town on business and needed a place to unwind after a long work day and this was a great choice. There were 8 of us so the host decided to put us in the back private room. The service was fast, courteous, and knowledgable. Our server knew exactly which sauce paired with which steak along with the proper wine to accompany everything. All the sides were delicious (corn is great!) and I appreciated the TV in the room as well.  All of their Signature drinks were praised by my group (Girl scout martini tasted like candy and the blueberry ginger fresca was so fresh!).A great finish to the meal was having the manager come back and greet our group and thank us for coming in.I will be returning to 35 Steaks the next time I'm in Vegas. Great job Hard Rock Hotel.
4	Excellent steakhouse.  Generous sides.  The martinis were more than generous.  Low key.  You can actually have a conversation with your guests.  I will return!
4	My friends and I got comped cocktail & appetizers here. We didn't get a chance to review the prices, so I can't comment on that, but the appetizers were superb.  The fig wrapped bacon was absolutely fantastic.  The breads were baked to perfection.  This is a must try place if you want a light bite & yummy adult beverages.  The waitresses were very friendly & professional. Clean atmosphere, but the ambiance wasn't quite there yet;  not for Vegas, at least.
5	Wonderful service and great food priced appropriately (in great contrast to the other 3 restaurants we experienced in the HRH). The bread basket, particularly the pretzel bread, was probably the highlight, but the food was also delightful.
1	Very sad! Cold lobster, dry nasty steak . Veggies were extra and cold. Appetizers were boring average, crab cake and shrimp cocktail, ( 4 dry shrimp with jar sauce)Drinks, small martinis and expensive. Stupid  money for a poor boring meal. Manager floated around but never visited to see what was wrong!Noise from pool competed with music in restaurant. Horrible, save your money!
4	A happy hour in the hotel I'm staying at from 5-7pm every day? I'm there!!! 35 Steaks and Martinis used to be called Rare 120, which had a happy hour on select days and I enjoyed myself a couple of times there. It was never as good as 35 Steaks + Martinis, though! hands down my favorite happy hour in Vegas thus far! They offer 8 $5 martinis, so there's guaranteed to be something for everyone in that mix, as well as several beers and wines by the glass for $5. The happy hour menu also includes 9 appetizers for $5 each.Drinks: Pink Dragon (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/35-steaks-martinis-las-vegas?select=DhJBa7UcMIWmNrknuuz_tQ#K4QHZqhzm7TfR10vDJd_Vg): Belvedere Pink Grapefruit vodka, red chili, lemongrass, mint, mandarin juice, lemon juice - AMAZING & SPICAAAY! This drink almost knocked me off my bar stool and I was instantly alive again (I usually hit a low around 5pm after all those pool cocktails and sun exposure). This martini was so good that I didn't even want to drink anything else. I had 3 of those and was in very good spirits (= I stumbled out of there after telling the bartender that I loved her) after happy hour. Minted Man (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/35-steaks-martinis-las-vegas?select=DhJBa7UcMIWmNrknuuz_tQ#ezc-wijtpaIQ8MRh2OE82Q): Ketel One, fresh lime juice, fresh mint, simple syrup - refreshing, but I couldn't taste too many flavors in this martini since the Pink Dragon's fresh chilis had already set my mouth ablaze. Should probably start with this one next time. Food:Dayboat Scallop and Ahi Poke (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/35-steaks-martinis-las-vegas?select=DhJBa7UcMIWmNrknuuz_tQ#z0-8AVQR0e-L1VL3nYWqIg): wasabi, sweet soy, crispy won ton chips - amazing silky texture with both the ahi and the scallops, the won tons were crispy but not greasy, this was a delicious and sophisticated appetizer.Cheese Dip with Pretzel Rolls (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/35-steaks-martinis-las-vegas?select=DhJBa7UcMIWmNrknuuz_tQ#JHhdyl62MmfzT1VrewoxmA): Vermont white cheddar, gruyere, newcastle, served with warm little pretzel rolls: Who doesn't love dipping carbs into melted cheese? The dip was explosive in flavor thanks to the aged cheese varietals and the rolls were crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. Great to soak up all that booze!Applewood Bacon Wrapped Dates (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/35-steaks-martinis-las-vegas?select=DhJBa7UcMIWmNrknuuz_tQ#YWAG7x5neSk2gtvD0uxYDQ): almond stuffed and topped with sauce bordelaise - I had such high hopes for this dish, but it just did not deliver. The bacon was chewy (instead of crispy) and the dates were overcooked giving the dish a super mushy texture. The sauce bordelaise was great, but we sent this back after trying a bite as it just wasn't prepared properly.Sweet Chili Chicken Lettuce Wraps (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/35-steaks-martinis-las-vegas?select=DhJBa7UcMIWmNrknuuz_tQ#n3NWjBItqyeiMPMNrQrzLg): candied pecans, fresh mint, scallions, crispy noodles -  there was a great spice kick to the chicken and all the flavors and textural contrasts worked really well together. This was a winner!Black Truffled Deviled Eggs - the truffle flavor complimented the hard boiled eggs really well, but I wish the yolk mash would have been a little creamier.Heirloom Tomato Basil Brushetta: tomato, basil, garlic, olive oil, grilled baguette - the bread had a perfect crunch to it and the garlic and basil notes were great, but I wish there would have been more tomato topping on all of the pieces, it was spread very scarcely. I ended up pushing the mixture to one half of each baguette slice and left the rest of the bread on the plate. Vegas calls for gluttony, so we had to have dessert and went with the "The King" of Desserts (inspired by Elvis Presley) (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/35-steaks-martinis-las-vegas?select=DhJBa7UcMIWmNrknuuz_tQ#DhJBa7UcMIWmNrknuuz_tQ): caramelized bananas on a crunchy peanut crust with peanut butter ice cream and topped with chocolate covered bacon - this was simply awesome! The bananas, peanut butter, chocolate, and bacon components all worked in harmony to create a fun and hearty dessert!Our bartender, called Sunshine, was amazing and made great drinks and stayed on top of everything the while night. She remembered me when I came back solo the next evening and delivered wonderful service again.I'll be back on my next trip!
1	My husband and I love good food.  We were very excited to try 35 as we had heard the steaks were fantastic. We ordered the Tomahawk Ribeye($100) along with sides, soup, salad and wine.  The food was mediocre at best.  The service was very lacking.  Our server quickly took our order and then promptly ignored us for the rest of the evening.  We made reservations stating we were celebrating our anniversary.  No mention of our special occasion was made.  We had to beg to order more wine.   It was so disappointing after the great experiences we have had in Vegas.  My husband spoke to the manager, who was clueless as to what real service is.  She just looked at us like we were morons.  I would not recommend  this establishment.
3	I've been surprised by the other reviewers who have either loved or despised this restaurant.  It was good... maybe on the side of good/average.  The problem here is that there are so many other better options in this price range in Vegas that I can't see myself ever returning.  The Filet Mignon was served perfectly and was very good... the rest of the meal sides and salads were average.  The wine list, again for Vegas and the class of restaurant they are competing with, was subpar.  This might have equated to a 4 star rating if not for the service.  Lack of knowledge of wines was an obvious shortcoming by the staff and you'd expect more in a higher-end restaurant that they are attempting to be.  The ladies in our group did seem to enjoy the martinins, so that is something.  If you go, get a steak and don't get too high expectations about anything.
4	The Happy Hour is wonderful  We ordered the Bacon wrapped dates. The best ever. The cocktails were made perfect. The server was friendly and attentive. The man sitting next to us had the oysters and the presentation was nice and he said they were fresh. Looking forward to returning soon for dinner
1	Simply put, the food was less than mediocre and the service was absolutely APPALLING.  Our reservation was for 7:45pm.   We got there at 7:41pm.  Instead of saying something like, "Why don't you sit at the bar while we get your table ready"..or even "We are running a little behind, we apologize!  Sit at the bar and we'll let you know as soon as it's ready," the hostess says to us, "You're early so there's no table available.  If you want to sit at the bar, you can, or we'll let you know when one opens up."  I was confused and irritated but didn't want to let it ruin our night so we sat at the bar and waited...and waited...and waited....30 minutes later they finally seat us.  To my suprise, there were at least 5 other empty tables, which by the way, never got sat the entire time.  The first server who took our drink orders gave us prix fix menus.  I asked if we can order off the regular menu and he said no, they were only serving the prix fix menu, which I can't believe they didn't tell us when we made the reservation.  But again, I didn't want to be a brat so we just said okay since it was New Year's Eve and we were already there and had a concert to go to and didn't want to have to go hunting for somewhere to eat. It was way more food and money than I wanted to pay, and trust me, we don't mind paying money for good food, but I didn't want to spend $125 on a 5 course dinner when all I really wanted was a steak and maybe some mac & cheese.  So the watier took our drink order and never came back.  Somoene else came later to take our food order and we asked him about the drinks we had ordered 15 minutes ago.  He said he'll check and come back.  He leaves as well and never comes back.  15 minutes later our first course comes out.  I ordered crab bisque, which was okay.  My boyfriend ordered asparagus salad, which tasted like drowned plants.  At this point, I'm looking around and trying to wave down anyone who looked like they worked there to find out where our drinks were.  Finally, the a different waiter comes back and asks what we want.  I said, can you find our server for us, we are just wondering where our drinks are. He says in the rudest tone, "Just tell me what you want, I'll get."  So I told him I had already ordered a glass of champagne and my boyfriend had ordered a dirty martini.  He left and came back with them within minutes.Our main course arrived then.  I had ordered the filet oscar with lobster mac & cheese, and he had the rossini. My steak was just okay nd his was more medium than medium rare.  When I moved aside the "oscar" stuff on top, I could see that it had been completely over-seared so that it literally was a quarter inch BLACK on top, and there was a slightly burnt taste.  I had to cut off that part and just eat the middle.  The lobster mac & cheese was completely overcooked so that the macaroni was soft and mushy.  It was inedible.  We were pretty much done at this point and didn't want dessert - hence NOT wanting to do the stupid prix fix menu.  I asked the waiter to box up our left overs (treats for the dogs) and to skip dessert.  His response, "fine."  He boxed it all up and gave me my check.  As I'm looking at it, a runner brings out dessert.  I had to tell her we had already informed our waiter we didn't want our dessert.  She rolled her eyes and just turned around and left without a word.  WTF!  So I look at the bill and see that he had autogratted 25% already. I waved him down and asked why and he said "because it's new year's eve."  At this point, I just wanted to get out of there.  We had an awesome evening planned and I was already so irritated by his attitude and the shitty food that I was starting to feel that if I didn't just leave it was going to ruin my night, so I signed the check and left.Needless to say, I hope this place goes out of business, as I know it inevitably will.  Both the food AND the service sucked.  I've been there when it was Rare 120 and I had thought the food was okay then, but at least we had gotten good service, and yet that place closed down quickly.  This place is not worth even half of what we spent. I  would rather have eaten at McDonalds for dinner.
1	Absolutely TERRIBLE service. We arrived at the restaurant, which was nowhere near busy, at 8:20pm. By 9:45, we had still not received our food. By this point everyone was getting hungry and upset. When we questioned the waiter about when our food would arrive, he promised it would be out in 7 minutes. Exactly 7 minutes later, they proceeded to deliver ONE appetizer of the 12 that we ordered.Not recommended to anyone. Ever.
3	I rarely go to the Hard Rock but over the last few months they've been sending me coupons to gamble and eat there so what the heck - I'm up for a free meal ( or at least a greatly discounted one .)the GF and I opted to use the $200 comp at 35 steak + martini's.  Nice looking restaurant.  In the bar/lounge area they had an acoustic guitarist playing some great music we could hear at our table.We passed on the martini's and other "old school" cocktails listed on the menu.  I went with a Fat tire beer ( $8 ) as the gf was still shivering from the cold so a coffee/baileys ( $8)  props for providing a large separate container of the bailey's to add at her leisure to the coffee.We ordered :The Wedge with extra blue cheese dressing and blue cheese crumbles ($11)Rossini ( rib eye steak topped with foie gras and black truffle demi ) White Cheddar Gratin($59)NY Strip topped with blue cheese ( $43 - can't recall what they charged for the added blue cheese ) Lobster tail ($35)Mac n Cheese ( $8)Salt and vinegar fries ( $8)The highs :Rossini - perfectly cooked, coated with what we believed was black truffle and mushroom - great taste.  And a nice chunk of foie gras !!!Lobster tail - large tail yet tender and perfectly cooked.Lows :Mac and cheese - you can tell they haphazardly mixed the elbow mac with the cheese sauce and did not thoroughly bake it.  cheese sauce flavor ok but overall, substandard.The wedge - the lettuce was partially frozen but the blue cheese crumbles were delicious.Service was above average at the beginning of the meal but fell off around dessert since the dining room was at their peak occupancy.We ended the meal with the "king" of desserts ( inspired by Elvis ) Chocolate mouse, peanut butter mousse, chocolate coating with a banana ice cream ( $10) - the mousse was amazing.  Overall a decent meal but in a town of stellar steakhouses, the 35 is somewhat run of  the mill .Will eat there again if i have a discount/comp.pics included
4	My Salmon was cooked perfectly. Definitely one of the better restaurants at the Vegas Hardrock.
5	The texture of the 8oz lobster tail was one of the best I've had, cooked to perfection. I only wish the accompanying butter was a bit more rich. Nice easy to drink balanced and not too spicy Serrano martini featuring Belvedere Intense. Great service in the cocktail lounge, my waitress was helpful and friendly. Likewise the hostesses were friendly and eager to help find answers to my questions. I've enjoyed each song so far, Sweet Dreams is currently playing. Great decor, chic & modern as the rest of the hotel is. I would definitely return to try their steak next time.
2	Our group of 20 or so friends & family were in town for our annual Superbowl weekend trip. The hubby & I always do "date night" with a nice dinner & dancing the Saturday we arrive. We'd last dined at the Hard Rock a couple of years ago prior to attending the Santana concert, when this place was known as Rare 120. We had a great experience then & figured we'd return. Unfortunately, along with the name & decor change came a serious decline in service. We arrived 5 minutes early for our 9 p.m. dinner reservation & were told we couldn't be seated due to the fact that we were early. I mentioned to the hostess that we were only 5 minutes early & asked at what time should we return. That's when she said they were behind & it would be at least 20 minutes. She seemed distracted & turned & left without offering to have us wait in the bar nor mentioning how they would be notifying us when our table was ready. We waited a few minutes more & when she returned my husband asked her if we could sit at the bar, at which point I had already decided we would wait in the bar, as there was clearly availabe seating there. Once we were sitting in the bar area, my husband asked if I'd like to eat there. I said no, that I hadn't made a reservation for the restaurant to have to sit in the bar. I also wasn't sure they'd let us order off the regular menu if we sat there. Long story short, we should have probably just stayed in the bar as the dinner service was atrocious. We were finally escorted to our table at about 9:15 p.m., drinks delivered & order taken at 9:30 p.m. & dinner FINALLY delivered at about 10:30 p.m.! Our server was attentive & checked in with us often, but all we wanted was our dinner! Another gentleman who appeared to be the manager also came by a few times only to mention that our server was new (what did that have to do with anything, unless he was the chef too!), but no real explanation as to why our food was taking so long. My husband had the rib eye steak which he said was good, but not the best he's ever had. I had the filet mignon which was delicious & the only reason why I gave this place more than one star. Overall, we were disappointed...this is not the place it used to be. TIP: Don't go hungry...better yet, DON'T GO AT ALL! We will not be returning & will do our research next time we plan our big night out.
1	Terrible service. I came here with a few of my girl friends to have a nice dinner we waited for our food for 45 minutes to an hour. We decided to leave after that time and I would definitely not recommend this restaurant to anyone in the future.
4	It's a stupid name but this spot was really good. Both the streaks and the sides were wonderful. Good service. Stylish place. Pleasantly surprised.
5	Great service, fillet mignon was amazing! The Serrano Martini was tasty
5	I only found two GREAT restaurants in Vegas, and this was one of them. It was a huge plus that it was in our hotel (HardRock) and the food was great. I had bought a travelzoo for the meal and it turned out to be a great deal! Even if I did not have the travelzoo, after eating there I would pay full price.
5	OK - You must know I am only rating the bar/deserts as we didn't eat dinner here but the restaurant we did eat at had no deserts to speak of and we heard this place call as we passed.That said, I yearn for the day I can hit the lottery so I can afford to eat at a good steak place in Las Vegas again.  35's prices seem reasonable compared to others but still make for a pricey night.Back to the matter at hand, dessert.  We used our free champagne coupon and ordered the oreo cookie cake dessert and the king dessert.  The oreo cookie is awesome.  Well presented and extremely delicious.  The King dessert was a bit of a let down as it seemed small and had only a subtle hint of peanut butter.  Still it was more than edible, just overhyped on the menu.The service was amazing, both in looks (everyone, women and men was gorgeous) and in friendliness as they recommended their favorites and attended to us quickly.There are three other items on the menu that look awesome including a cheesecake with a berry compote and a chocolate chocolate cake.Till next time, now back to the diet.
4	This place was good and I'm going to recommend it.  Pretty waitresses, good steaks, and their mashed potatoes were great.  Service was good too.
5	The filet here is mouth watering and literally melts in your mouth!!Try it!!Everyone working here is super nice!!
5	We like to go to 35 Steaks + Martini's at the Hard Rock Hotel Casino for dinner. We can go loud, have a few drinks, dinner, and laugh a lot, or we can go quiet and romantic with a bottle of wine and a long slow dinner. So, when we decided to have a "Celebration" party for family and friends, it was the first place we thought of to provide everyone with a good time.We used the vast knowledge of Manager Servando, Assistant Manager Melissa, Chef Steve, and Waiter Joe to orchestrate a dinner party for Tuesday night, (04/02/2013). Our party would take over the upper-level area of the restaurant for the 43+ locals and East Coast folks. We decided to have cocktails with an appetizer buffet from 7 to 7:30 PM and then a sit-down dinner with a choice of five entrees. Side dishes would be served family style so everyone could try the various offerings. Bottles of red and white wine were available on each table. That way, our guests could partake as they wished. Since the beautiful bar area with 35 Steaks + Martini's Master Mixologists was only a few feet away we allowed for an open bar during our entire evening. It should be noted that we provided a stand-by car service and insisted that our guests avail themselves of it or a room at the Hard Rock if for any reason, they were unable to drive. We didn't have a problem as our regional friends had all named "Designated Drivers". Our out of the area family and friends used the great local taxi system for easy access to and from the Hard Rock.All the food that was placed on our tables was fresh, hot, and high quality. Everyone ate hot food at the same time. Are you shocked by that? The Waite Staff here are serious professionals. With Joe leading, everyone worked hard to make our event like something fit for royalty. We had staff assigned to our party yet, we noticed that other members would come and help serve and clean up when they were not taking care of the customers in the lower (public) area. The Servers here really work as a team.The restaurant provided a guitar player who also sang while our party was going on. He was actually in the bar area for all to hear. The added entertainment was really nice.After dinner, there were pots of coffee and tea put out and desserts for everyone. Chef Steve and his staff worked extra hard on the amazing assortment of mini delights that tempted every sweet tooth. Our entire dinner party of three hours was a fine success. Servando and Melissa take their work seriously. They were always watching and changing the operation to fine tune our party. I will use 35 Steaks + Martinis again for our next affair, and we will continue to go to this great restaurant at the Hard Rock for a "night out".
4	Great Ribeye, probably would've been a great Porterhouse if it wasn't 86'ed while I was there.  Service staff was great and I would've added one more star if they hadn't asked me eleventy billion times to remove my plate even though I wasn't done with my food.  Otherwise, if you are willing to pay for it, great food.
5	Amazingly seasoned, perfectly cooked, delicious and succulent steaks. Her filet melted in my mouth and my strip was juicy and full of flavor.  The crab cake was just the right amount of flakey and tender.  Berries and cream were delightful.  I can't say enough good things. I'll be visiting this establishment again the next time I come.
3	Good meal, good service. Went for a work dinner with a party of 10. It was a Wednesday night and besides our table, it was pretty empty. For Appetizers we had the Artichoke which was good and the Ahi Tuna Tartar which was delicious. I had the Potato Leek Soup which I highly recommend if you are a white truffle oil fan, wonderful with a nice presentation with the pancetta. My Kansas City Strip, Bone in was cooked medium rare like I ordered. First time I had a Kansas City Strip and enjoyed it. We had several of the sides since it was a large group. All were good with the "35" Fries standing out, tossed with truffle oil- yum! Although there are other steakhouses that I think are a little better for the food and price- I would recommend and would come back.
4	There are few things that the Hard Rock is doing right these days, but this restaurant offering located off the beaten path in the old corridor leading to the parking garage never disappoints.    Last evening, while sitting at the nearly empty bar, I received exceptional service and a very well prepared meal.The food:  The 8 oz filet was cooked to my liking perfectly and was very tender and seasoned just the right amount.  No steak sauce required!  Success!  Steamed dry asparagus was crisp and served in a plentiful amount; a quick dash of salt and pepper made this perfect.  The baked mac n cheese was a solid side dish consisting of large elbow pasta cooked perfectly and smothered in baked cheese.  The bread basket was so-so; maybe some work here but nothing to get all fired up about.  The drink selections are fairly abundant however I had a hard time selecting a beer to enjoy, but that's just me being a beer snob.The service:  Always great service at the bar...no experience with the dining room.  The bartender who is usually there, the one with just a few too many tats to work at stuffier locations, is always happy to see me and provides great service.  Famous words..."No worries, I got you".  That makes me feel special and that he cares.  Of course then the bill comes and nothing is comp'd, but hey you're running a business not a homeless shelter cafeteria.All in all a solid 4 stars.
5	Great food, great staff! Had a wonderful steak with a nice cabernet... Manager was extremely tentative to all patrons...I would definitely go again.
4	Good steaks, great service love the staff here...
3	More like 3.5 stars.The service here is great.  No complaints there.The food sort of missed the mark.  Though my wife really dug her steak, mine was overly salted.  It was cooked well, otherwise I would have sent it back.I also ordered a baked potato, but wasn't quite fond of the tiny plate it arrived on.  This made it difficult to eat without making a mess.Overall, not a bad joint.  I have recommended it to others as I think the knocks are minor.  I just can't, in good conscience, give this four stars.
3	Pricey for the quality of food. Steak was decent... But not $60 quality. Fancy atmosphere is strange combo of sports bar and high end steakhouse. Service was good. Hostess was snooty.
4	Ate dinner here with a group of friends and had to write a review. First off, even though we were late to our reservation, without hesitation, preped a table very quickly and had us eating complimentary pretzel buns and deviled eggs before we knew it. A+Secondly, our waiter (forgot his name) was a very friendly and talkative fellow. Took care of all our needs even though one of my friends left before the food got here. They packed his food to go. No problems. My New York strip with smashed red potatoes and asparagus was very well cooked and tasted excellent. It was 46$ for the steak but it was worth every penny. Plus, it's Vegas after all.
1	My rating is based on no service. We arrived in Vegas for our honeymoon and the hostesses were very sweet. The restaurant was beautiful and had a handful of open tables. After ten minutes of waiting we were given glasses of water. Four different waiters passed us but we never received service . We finally decided to leave when we noticed another table (that came in after us) being waited on. When we informed the hostess on the way out she had no issues with our complaint. She quickly told us "that's too bad and have a good night. "We do not feel that they deserve our service with a outlook like that. The menu looked like it had many good options but unfortunately I would rather spend my money where it's appreciated.
4	Just needed a quick snack to keep me moving along. So i ordered the crab cake. Delicious with a spicy mango garnish and a crunchy topping on it. Hand's down one of the best and the most different crab cake I've ever had, spicy and moist it was worth the experience. Definitely try it.
4	We were staying at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino and were just about to head out Mastro's at Crystals for a little snack when we walked by 35 Steaks and Martinis. We took a look at the menu and decided to switch up our plans and try out this new place. I ordered a light dinner with lobster bisque, salad and wine, and it was absolutely delicious. The ambiance is really sexy, and even sitting at the bar/counter my bf and I enjoyed ourselves thoroughly. Mainly in part because of Jarrod our bartender/server. Super super cool guy, was very attentive and fun to talk to - he made our dinner experience a grand one. I had a few special food requests and the staff went above and beyond to satisfy my expectations. Fantastic experience, will be back!
2	It's Wednesday. I am not sure how credible my reviews are or even matter with my Yep history. I have ate at almost every top tier restaurant Vegas has to offer. I have not even ordered my food yet and I am disgusted by the service. I was told that there were no tables available. I understand. I sat at the bar with my party. I was informed by the bartender that I shouldn't eat at the bar and was instructed to get a bar table. WTF?. ok I guess.... very rude far. I can get a good steak anywhere. Why should you eat one here?
1	I've had better service from a pimple faced enthusiastic kid from taco bell... we asked for a table on a Wednesday evening and we're told no way possible without reservations, but the bar had full menu service. So we went to the bar. As soon as we asked for menus the bartender asked if we wanted to be seated at a table. We said we already asked and they were booked. She then suggested a high top table at the bar so we took one of those. We waited at it for about 15 minutes before being helped. Once the waitress came over we were ready to order dinner. We then waited about 45 minutes... no bread... no waitress... no nothing! We took the bread off another table that left due to lack of service because we were starving! Steaks finally came out after an hour... no silverware and overcooked.  Big surprise... my baked potato came out about 10 minutes after I finished my fillet. Not a standard desert, but I was hungry so o gave it a whirl... pretty much raw. I wouldn't of been happy paying $20 for this shit let alone the $70 ot cost. DO NOT COME HERE! EVER!
1	service was awsome    BUT food was terrible we spent 700 dollars on over salted steak and burgers.   4 out of the 8 people got sick so we didn't even have time to drink.  very disappointed to see such a terrible restaurant in a awsome hotel.  will not return and will tell all my travelers sway away.
2	My service was good but found this very pricy for what I got :(My sister and I each had a ribeye steak, shared one baked potato and a side salad. We had ice tea .. No alcohol , no dessert and dinner including tip was almost $200Really?? I felt it was too expensive for what we received.
3	Ribeye with bone at 22oz very good once they got my order right. I like mine cooked medium not well done. There is a reason for the name. The meats are ages 35 days. It's not the best I've had but still quite good.
4	Pretty good eats! The hubbs ordered the bone - in fillet and I ordered the chicken with sides of mac and cheese and asparagus. We both loved the main dishes, my husband loved his perhaps even more than myself. The mac and cheese wasn't really anything to rave about and the asparagus was cold and looked withered although, they were seasoned well. The lemonade was also really good but at $4 a glass, we'll pass next time. The waiter was very friendly and super nice but slow as hell. We ordered at 9:45 and didn't get our food until 10:30 and between that time he came to the table probably once. Spending $150+ I expect a little more attention. Other than that, it was nice.
5	I really enjoyed this steakhouse.  Having moved to Vegas fairly recently, I have been enjoying the process of trying out all of the different steakhouses in the area.  I've been to many - Stripsteak at the Mandalay, Craftsteak at the MGM, Strip house at Planet Hollywood, etc. - probably 10 or so in total.  I found this one to be clearly the best in any of the hotel/casino properties.  Everything from the drink selection, side selection, choice of cuts, service and everything else was phenomenal.I ordered a filet and a side of asparagus, along with one of their 35 martinis.  It was all prepared perfectly and tasted great.  One thing I liked in particular was that the steak was cooked evenly, medium-rare all the way through.  Too often these steakhouses, even the pricey ones, will leave it brown on the first quarter and raw in the middle.  Not here - this steak was cooked to perfection.To top it off, they had a lounge singer who was excellent.  her name was Nieves.  She had a pretty simple setup and sang a variety of songs.  Was very nicely interjected between the background music during her breaks.  I thought that created just the perfect ambiance.  I'd not only go back for the steak, but also just to have a drink and enjoy Nieves' singing.
5	Sooooo delish. I got the 8oz filet, my husband got the ribeye...yum. Both cooked perfectly. Service was impeccable. Got a Dirty Girl Scout martini, had a mint flavor I didn't like, none of the described liquors had a mint flavor.
2	Note - I did not eat here.But I did stop in for what I thought would be a great martini.Service was fine, I had a quiet seat at the bar.But, this martini bar has a selection of only 4 major market gins, which is awfully lean.  I ordered a gin martini (not dry) and got gin shaken with ice, no vermouth.  At least I was asked whether I wanted the blue cheese olives or regular.  Although the olive pick didn't clear the rim of the glass.I'm sure the signature cocktails are fine, but that martini was evidence of an overall unserious attitude towards martinis.  Which would be excusable, if the restaurant didn't use "martini" in its name.  I was a little disappointed and confused.
1	For a high end steak house, this place was inexcusably mediocre.The service was incredibly slow. We had a group of 6 and waited an hour and a half for our food. They weren't slammed or busy. Nobody apologized for the wait and we literally had to flag down a food runner at some point to ask if our food was almost ready. Needed a refill on my $14 cocktail for awhile but that never happened.When our food finally arrived, it was lackluster at best. I got a New York strip steak. It was just plopped on a plate by itself, no garnish or anything. It was sooooo chewy and rubbery. I was working up a sweat trying to cut through it with my knife. I've had a bad steak or two in my life but when I'm paying $43 for just a steak, no sides, I expect a great cut of meat. I couldn't even finish it. No one in my party was overly impressed with the food. My foodie friend ordered scallops with forbidden rice but they served the dish with regular rice hoping she wouldn't notice. She's not an idiot. She called them out and they stammered and flailed saying they just ran out. Why wouldn't they just tell her that beforehand? She would have ordered something else. My other friend ordered a side of asparagus and they weren't cooked properly and ended up being hard and bitter.Every single one of us felt gross after we left. The greasy sub par quality food just sat in our stomach like a brick and we ALL ended up paying for it later. (Sorry but we did!)When I opt for fine dining, I expect to pay higher prices for the entire experience. Paying as much as we did for what we got felt like a total rip off. If I wanted a crappy steak that would haunt me all night, I would have just gone to Ellis Island and paid $5.
3	Good food, good service, but way overpriced for what you get.
4	My wife and I have made 35 Steaks + Martinis our place to go before a show at The Joint in The Hardrock Hotel and Casino. It is a little pricey, but we have always had really good service and the food has not disappointed us. (If you want to talk about WAY, WAY OVERPRICED FOOD, try Nobu. We dropped $300+ for two people and were still hungry!) The last time we were there was before The Offspring show in August. It was a Wednesday evening, so probably the most quiet visit we'd ever had. Our reservation was for 5pm, pretty much as soon as they opened. I think we were the first or table to be seated. Getting there early is definitely the way to go! If you go in knowing that the menu is ala carte and that you will be paying separately for individual items such as salad and sides, all the better. Give yourself plenty of time to enjoy 35 Steaks + Martinis. It is worth the price.
5	My boyfriend and I came here for our anniversary, bought the groupon for the Prix Fixe menu. Contrary to other reviews about 35 Steaks, we had no problems using the groupon and don't feel like service was witheld because of the groupon. Location is convenient (right near the elevators to the garage)  and the restaurant is easy to find. The ambience is great, lighting is low enough but not so low you can't see your food. Also contrary to some reviews, the service was excellent from the hostess to the servers and everyone in between. WHEN YOU VISIT A RESTAURANT LIKE THIS, SERVICE IS "SLOWER",  as they are not trying to rush you out so they can use your table. You're dropping some good money on your steak, they actually want you to have time to enjoy it!  The food was great, wonderful flavor with everything. It was a little richer than my stomach is used to, but my boyfriend was fine and I don't think it fair to drop a rating down because I have a sensitive stomach.  Bottom line, 35 steaks is great. We would definitely visit again
5	Absolutely Fantastic dining experience last night! I have been wanting to try this place for some time now and I'm so mad that I procrastinated for as long as I did! I booked a reservation through opentable for a 9:30 dinner reservation and once we arrived we were kindly greeted by a nice young lady! Not too long after being seated our wonder waiter Steven came over to greet us! Talk about great interpersonal skills and just overall above par customer service! He was an example of what providing world class customer service to guest should look like! Very informative about the entire menu as well as the cocktails! I was recommended the pomegranate blush martini and boy was it Good! As for our appetizers we went with the signature crab cake and that too was made to perfection! They even split the crab cake into two so that me and my partner could share :-) The ribeye we ordered medium with a blue cheese crust and Oscar style! AMAZING!!! The chef even went out his way to come out and greet us which I don't think I've ever had happen and that sure does say a lot! I will most definitely spread the positive word about this place as well as share how delicious the food was! If you're in the mood for a great steak and wonderful service then don't hesitate in treating yourself to 35 Steaks! Signed, a happy customer :-)
3	Dinner date at 35 Steaks a couple of nights ago, it was my first time there. The ambiance was nice, the place feels like a venue where one might brush elbows with celebs. It wasn't uber fancy or exceedingly intimidating, the service was excellent. In the bathroom, there's a sign that says they don't tolerate prostitution (yes, they spelled it out), or the use of drugs. We were each given a goat cheese amuse-bouche (complimentary bite-sized hors d'oeuvre), various artisan bread, & herbed butter in a small ramekin, all complimentary. The bread was a bit chewy -- most probably not because they were made that way, but because they were about 2 days old, according to hubby (who's a chef). The herbed butter was good, until we found pu**c hair in it.Well, OK, it's probably not fair to assume that it was pu**c hair. Really not sure where it came from, but as I stared at it, I couldn't help but wonder why at any point during our supposedly nice dinner at this posh-ish steakhouse, we had to find ourselves wondering where this strand of hair came from. And why the lady at the next table had an inflatable unicorn head. Random.We didn't notify the server about the pubed butter. I'm not sure we should have, but I tried to console myself with the thought that many restaurant patrons probably end up eating (careless or vindictive) restaurant workers' hair every day. That didn't turn out to be a very comforting thought..it was just weird & gross. Whatever. I guess when you go to a place with a $130 item on the menu, you do kind of have some expectations with regards to basic hygiene.We ordered a bunch of stuff, most of which (taste-wise), I would give a rating of maybe 3.75. The lobster risotto was a 4.75. Hubby's scallop wasn't properly prepared, & still had this 'muscle' on it, he said. The desserts (creme brulee, chocolate torte, lemon cake), I would give a rating of maybe 4.25. They were good, but possibly a tad pricey.
3	Food Five StarsService ZERO StarsI loved their food and would consider coming back here again except their service sucked. We had a Groupon so that may have been some of the issue but I am just dumbfounded at how stupid these businesses are. If you are going to treat Groupon customers like S*&T then prepare for the backlash. I am a local and low and behold have money to spend on food. Unfortunately your savory steaks can be matched somewhere else.
5	Amazing dining experience tonight! Service, food, drinks, decor, all very good! The new York and the bone in filet mignon.... Yes! oh and the chipotle creamed corn! The GM Mario came by and made sure everything was to our liking. Would definitely come back here.
