4	OK, given it's pretty small this can't be given 5 stars, but then again, it's in the middle of a hotel for God's sake, so to me, that's just awesome!! Being a mom, I like nothing better than having my child entertained, and this definitely does entertain.Lil guy wanted to go to see the lions every time we stepped into the hotel. There was a huge crowd every single time we went to see them so it takes a while before you can get your turn in front of the thick glass walls to watch them roll around, chew on a piece of something, or even, just nap.Great, cheap fun for the whole family.
3	The one thing people need to realise before they go to see the lions - you're much more likely to catch them sleeping than you are to catch them awake and playing.  Lions need something like 17 hours of sleep a day, so they're not the liveliest of creatures most of the time.However, when they are up it's kinda neat to see all that cat push your way to the front to see them, you'll be lucky.
5	Have made it during feeding time, a few times ... very cool to watch them cruise around and fetch the meat balls the trainers throw.  Usually somewhat active after the feeding for a while as well.
3	FAQQ: Lions should be free to run around in the wild! Why do they cage 'em up like that?A: I know, I agree. Hence, 3 Stars. But guess what? They're lions. They're awesome. It's not very big but it's a well-maintained exhibit. Big-time Vegas casino-resorts don't spare any expense.Q: I banged on the window a bunch of times but they didn't move, what gives?A: Are you a moron or are you 9 years old?Q: Shark Reef was better.A: Guess what? You don't have to pay to see the lions.FYI ... http://www.worldwildlife.org/
3	Half of me is screaming, "Awesome!  Lions!  They're just on the other side of this glass!  You're not so tough now, are you Mufasa?  Huh?  Huh?  RAWR!"The other half is realizing truly how little space these animals have to move around and how they are surrounded 24 hours a day by crazy tourists that they would eat in retaliation if they got the chance.Overall it's sort of a cool idea, but I feel pretty bad for the lions.
2	Ok it is a cool sight, but I felt bad for the lions. The habitat is inside the casino is pretty small. I read somewhere that the lions spend most of their time somewhere with 8.5 acres  when they're not in the habitat, so maybe it's not so bad but still...Who knows if that's actually true? I would hope so, but how do we really know?http://www.mgmgrand.com/entertainment/lion-habitat.aspx
4	I've been to see this exhibit and to show it to friends whom I 'tour guide' through Vegas plenty of times.  There are usually between 2 and 5 cats in the exhibit, depending on the day.  When they're not on display, which they usually only are for 6-8 hours at a time according to their handlers, the lions are transported outside the city to a bigger habitat.  They aren't forced to live in this tiny glass box all the time.  As a matter of fact, considering the number of lions they have to rotate through, somewhere around 20, most of the cats only get to the hotel three or four times a week.As for the people saying "Well, how do you KNOW that they aren't there all the time?"  Easy enough to answer.  When I stay at the MGM, I go to see them every day, usually multiple times.  It's really easy to tell lions apart if you know what to look for:  a notched ear here, lighter tail there, a dark spot on the chin like a goatee, etc.And don't be a dick who bangs on the glass.
4	These lions were adorable.  And loud - you could hear them throughout the casino.  And seemingly cuddly, although I know it's not true. You can get closer to these lions than in other zoos I've been to.   It would seem risky to have multiple trainers in with the lions at the same time - I do wonder if there have ever been any incidents.  I do wish, very much, that the space was larger, but there is consolation that the lions aren't always there.  I did like learning that the lions who are 'on display' at the MGM don't live here on a daily basis, and also have a life-span at least twice those not in captivity, due to regular feeding, better diets, and health care.  The lions were charismatic and beautiful, and aside from the assholes who thought it was funny to pound on the glass, it was definitely a cool thing to see (and hear).
4	The lions are exercised daily and treated like kings.  The trainers are friendly and love the cats and the crowds.I don't know about you, but there is something pretty awesome about coming down the elevator first thing in the morning and being greeted by huge lions (behind glass of course.)
4	Always great fun to watch the lions play ball and look at all the people taking pictures with their faces to the glass. Beatiful animals.
3	The lion habitat is definitely one of those cool free things to see on the strip though the lions are generally lazing around and not doing anything exciting. They did spoon while we were there and one lion bonked the other on the head, so cute!
3	Lions sleep for 20 hours out of the day.  If you do the math, that means that you only have a 17% chance on any visit to see a lion walking around and doing something.I'm not bashing the Lion Habitat at the MGM per se, just the whole concept of staring at sleeping lions.  Still, the MGM's little zoo is free, and worth a gander if you're just wandering through.
3	well it's free. And if you want to best experience try to avoid the crowds, so that might mean the morning. Or a weekday. It's cool when you walk in and you look up to see a lion paw bigger then your head. The last time i was here you can take a photo with a cub. Which I'm regretting not getting on because those cubs were so cute! Also i believe if you buy one of the souvenirs part of the profits goes to the habitat and the saving of lions. So buy that cute little stuff animal for some rascal in your life! :)
4	so close....if you want to see lions up close and personal and all for free, head to the lion habitat at the MGM.  The reviews and pictures speak for themselves.
4	I stopped by here a couple of times and it was great (and free)!I felt a little bit weird about the whole idea of lions in a habitat in the casino, but I felt much better when I learned that it's super-fancy so it's perfect temperature/clean air, they don't hear or smell us, and that the ranch that they're coming from has a lot of lions so each lion is only there for about 5 hours a week. Not sure how much they like being loaded up and transported, but.... it made me feel better.The first time they were sleeping (which apparently they do 18-20 hours a day, especially when in a comfortable place) and/or being lazy, but the second time I was happy to see one awake and moving around.I love how they seem to enjoy laying on the see-through(ish) portion where the walkway for the humans is. It's pretty crazy to be standing right under a resting lion!
5	Roar!  This I forget is among the coolest FREE attractions besides the Bellagio fountains.  Come on, you can look at the Lions for Free!  It is sooo cool.  These are like pussy cats, they play ball with the trainers and just lay around.  In the back if you have money to drop, you can pay $200 to bottle feed baby lion cubs.  How cool.  I so wished that I was rich when I saw a father and his daughter feeding the cubs.  I used to work at a zoo, so this was a treat for me.  Kind of like the old days when I'd walk around on my breaks looking at our animals.
5	When walking through the MGM casino, suddenly there were lions walking around a giant rocky waterfall enclosure. Great free exhibit that had a few lions lounging around in the middle of the day when I was there. Walking through the glass enclosed walkway was really fun and there was a lion resting on top of the glass which let us see its giant paws. The gift shop had some great looking stuffed lion toys that I ended up purchasing as well.
4	I can't wait to read the headlines,"Trainers mauled by pissed off lions..."But I'd honestly have to say, like the Volcano at the Mirage, you've gotta see these cats at least once in your life.  There's not a lot of places you can see a 400 lb feline from the underside while it's sleeping.
3	Walked by here, and right smack in the middle of the casino is this lion sanctuary. A 9 million dollar sanctuary, that apparently the lions can hear or smell us, thank god! They'd go crazy from hearing the slot machines and the cigarette smoke. The lions don't do much, seriously. They sleep most of the time, and the trainers are just there sitting there chilling with them. There's a walkway from the store out where you can take pictures if the lions are sleeping above. Yeah its good to be a lion, you get to sleep about 90% of the time. Its free so snap some pics.
5	The MGM wouldn't be the MGM without a fair representation of the grand lion.  No, not the gold one out front.  No, not the other gold one in the lobby (right now, surrounded by Christmas trees and poinsettias).  I'm talking about the real living, breathing, glad to have that thick glass separating you from them lions.  Or in this case, lionesses.  Three of them.  This is an amazing display that is apparently soundproof and scent proof - so that the lions (37 of them in rotation daily) don't get into a frenzy over all the commotion on the other side of the glass.  One lioness was very playful and we had a fabulous spot right in front of her where she chewed on something that was once a ball.  She was gorgeous.  Most of the time, these creatures are sleeping over a glass walkway - so you can see them from underneath - but we were lucky one was feeling active while we were visiting.  Free entertainment for any animal lover.
5	Made it just in time for the lion feeding today. The trainers throw meat against the windows and the lions come around and eat off the windows while you take pictures and gawk. There's also a walkway where you can walk right underneath the lions. Inside the walkway is another little room where you can take a picture with a lion cub for $25 (!!). It's a really cute cub though. ^_^The presenter said that the lions sleep 18 hours a day, and the lions are changed about every 6 hours or so (rotated in from a ranch off the strip that has some 20+ lions).Definitely a must-see when you come to Vegas.
3	The lion habitat inside the MGM Grand casino is kind of an under-regarded attraction on the Strip. You want to go at feeding time (late afternoon, I believe) when you see the trainers interacting with the lions--otherwise the cats mostly lie about (lions are mostly nocturnal--but they aren't in the visible habitat at night). The habitat is set up so you can see it from all sides (even walk underneath), and moving around to see different vantage points is definitely recommended. Yes, you will probably wish that it was bigger, and that it was part of a larger animal sanctuary (like Sigfried & Roy's dolphin and tiger Secret Garden), but hey... it's free. As in FREE.
5	Some fun facts I learned about the lions at the MGM while I was there: *The lions live on a ranch about 12 miles away and are transported in special vans with rolling cages to a special entrance. *There are 24 cats that rotate through the MGM. They come 1, maybe 2, times a week for 5 to 5 1/2 at a time. *The habitat cost $9 million dollars. It is fully sound proof and the plexiglass reflects the flashes and other bright lights *Lions can open their mouths 11 inches wide. They have a 35 foot horizontal jump and a 13 foot vertical jump. *Lions can run at speeds up to 40 mph. *The trainers that hang out in the habitat have worked hard to be considered a part of the pride. They use vocal commands only.Highly recommend a walk through if you're in the area of MGM.  It's free.
2	It's quite appropriate that something in Las Vegas would choose to host a $9 million habitat for lions. Even more appropriate that it's in that one resort with a logo of a gold lion. Sure, it would attract spectators who might potentially spend time in the casino and other attractions at the MGM. Except, there are people who've been to the MGM a great deal of times and yet never felt inclined to visit the Lion Habitat. (Me?)It seems I'm one of the few that was unimpressed by this extraordinary display of wealth & kitschy attempt at grandeur. When I last went in January, however, I was with a friend who hadn't been to Vegas for 15 years and stopped as we passed it on our way to the Rainforest Cafe. We saw one very bored looking lioness. Awesome.If I really wanted to see lions, I'd go back to one the few wildlife habitats located around the world, especially those I've visited a number of times as a kid: the conveniently located Taman Safari in Indonesia, the Night Safari in Singapore, or the Wild Animal Park in San Diego.
2	I love it how people say this place is a MUST SEE, when it's more like hope and pray you see something.  I've been to Vegas 3 times and I got to see a Lion one time out of all of my trips and he looked extremely bored.  Also it's just an akward exhibit.  Yes, MGM Grand has a giant one out front, but this is a little bit away from the casino floor and the sports book.  Just could be a better presentation. If you haven't made it around to checking it out yet, don't bother.
5	LOOOOOOVE!The first time I went 2 years ago, they were sleep :( but this past weekend, one woke up and was walking back and forth in front of the glass. He was sooooo pretty! I love lions..i wish I coulda pet one lolIf your in that area (the buffet is right by there by the way), definitely go see!
3	The young cubs were playing with each other on the top tier so we felt pretty fortunate to catch that.  We promptly headed to dinner.  :p
2	The lions are lazy and boring. They just sleep most of the day. this place is way over hyped. Meh, At least its free.
3	At first I thought this was going to be intirguing, and I admit it was for about ten seconds...the habitat is so small...and there were only two lions, the intriguing part were the little cave tunnel you walk through had lions on top sleeping, so we got to walk under these heavy lions and thats about it. Then you're just led about tewnty feet and then the gift shop....talk about a sight to see, but hey there are lions and it is free....you should like it if you have time and on a budget....lots of smoke in MGM though...just in case anyone's wondering.
4	See these lions in action at the MGM for FREE- playing (the toys  created is interesting), interacting with each other and the habitat help (brave souls- recently one was in the news for his leg getting bitten, but wasn't serious). They're beautiful, well taken-care-of animals and we must've watched them (mesmerized and amazed) for a good hour. There was a pretty big crowd and at times, we had to move (remember, I'm short), to get a better view of these gorgeous cats. We didn't bring the camera so we took some pics on our phones- not the same. (Taking pictures with the cubs- must be a new marketing scheme to part with $25- hmm, I'll pass.) Next time, we're bringing the camera. Family-friendly and free, open 11am to 7 pm, daily.
3	Not much to see here, but oddly cool anyway. The lions were sleeping on top of the glass tunnel tonight with two handlers hanging out in the enclosure.
4	My favorite part of the trip! It was a long walk from the Mirage hotel but my boyfriend and I took the monorail back so it wasn't too bad. Although it made me insane once we were in the free exhibit all the people taking photos of the lions who would come close to glass and their bright camera flashes would go off. Be courteous to the animals people! Other than that fun times!
4	I visited the lion habitat a couple of times while staying in Vegas. Both times I visited it was lion cubs in the enclosure, so they were actively chewing on toys, playing with each other, and trying to get their trainers to play with them. The overhead announcement explains that the lions are only brought to the air purified sound proof enclosure four hours a week. I kinda envied the air purified part of it. I took several photos with the flash off - I would recommend that not only because it will bother the lions but also the enclosure is glass so taking a picture with flash will only give you bright white spots in your pictures. There's plenty of light for a good quality shot without flash. It does get crowded, so be patient and you will have a chance to get close to the glass for optimal viewing.
4	Love the fact that the King of Mammals is the Lion. Fantastically able to view these beautiful animals in an African-type surrounding encased in acrylic glass enclosure, is a one-of-a-kind habitat in MGM Grand Resort & Casino. "MGM" stands for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It is the most powerful movie production studio in Hollywood since 1915 that produces major motion pictures, have vast studio sets and very famous top-grossing movie stars. Its films open with a roaring lion which is known as Leo, the Lion. As MGM's trademark, it is fitting that the MGM Grand Resort in Vegas houses these beautiful lions for public viewing. On its hotel frontage is the largest gleaming bronze cast statue of the mighty King of the Beasts looking out over the Las Vegas Boulevard called "The Strip" by the corner of East Tropicana Avenue. It stands out at this very corner for all to see. But the beauty of these amazing animal can be appreciated and photographed in the hotel's central enclave, at the Lion Habitat.Watch them as they play, walk around, listen to their growl, do some play with their trainers and simply just lazing around on their bellies or sometimes as they lay asleep. Photography is allowed. A walk-thru tunnel can bring you much closer to these beauties. This habitat is great for all ages and people from all walks of life. I have seen lions while living in Africa in my teenage years. African nights are common with lions' growls heard from the distance, or sometime seen crossing the "bush" road. I have always been captivated by their beauty. At this Lion Habitat, everyone can "oooh" and "aaah" without the fear of its wild instincts. Belonging to the cat family but larger and wild, Lions are completely amazing and fantastic to behold.
4	"Hands down the closest you'll ever get to a Lion; without getting mauled " This habitat is amazing you can actually see 4-6 lions at a time running wild in this big giant glass African like environment and it is just an awesome site. The lions seem to be very tame and friendly. On multiple occasions the lions would come right up to the glass and even motion as if they wanted you to "petted" almost like giant house cat. Definitely an great way to see these amazing animals close up. The trainers come out and would talk about the different lions and how well feed and treated they are, almost like royalty. How true that is I honestly don't know, what I do know is the lions were beautiful and they didn't seem emaciated or as if they hated being on display. At some points it seemed more like they were confident and proud and enjoyed showing off. Seeing as how the attraction is free it is surely a site to visit on any trip to Vegas whether traveling with kids or with a party of young adults, everyone becomes entranced by these amazing animals. The fact that the habitat is rather small is my only complaint with this exhibit, 4 lions seemed almost over crowded.
3	It's a free exhibit at the MGM, so why miss out? It's just mainly seeing lions at their habitats at the MGM, but most of the time they are sleeping, so it's a hit or miss if you catch them awake. First time I strolled by, they were asleep, which was cute to see two lions hugging each other to sleep. We happened to stroll by there again, which they were actually awake playing with their trainers. It's more like 5-10 minutes just observing the lions and they're cute!FACT: Don't be surprised to catch these lions sleeping, since they spend about 19 hours sleeping in a day!
3	If you ever want to see lions up close and personal without having to go to a zoo, then this is the place for you. Unfortunately, when I was there, these majestic animals were just dozing and didn't do much else. The way that they designed the habitat, there aren't that many places where you can get closer to lions. The staff is very knowledgeable and the habitat is kept very clean. It's definitely a must-visit spot whenever you are in the area.
3	I thought it was entertaining, especially for the price (free lol).  If you get bored walking around the casino by yourself or want to show the kids something cool, you should stop by and learn a little about lions.  One even came right up to pose for a picture!
3	A neat exhibit in that you can see a lion sleeping while the trainers are chatting with each other.   Other than that, not much goes on here though there is a nice and pricey gift shop with all sorts of lion related stuffed animals and other things.
3	We went at noon and the three lions were all sleeping!
4	I thought the animal rights activist in me would get pretty pissed at this place, but they actually take care of the lions very well. In total, there are about 27 lions, and they get rotated out. They stay at a ranch for most of the time, and a lion spends up to 6 hours in the habitat. They have trainers in the habitat with them and the lions seems very happy. its completely sound proof, climate control, purified air, serene environment. The only bad thing is all the damn flashes, but at a zoo, you would get flashes too. at least here, they don't hear anything except the waterfall. It can be hard to get a good view, but the lions seem very relaxed, and are usually sleeping. They sleep like 18 hours a day, just like house cats. Plus, the lion habitat is free, can't get better than that!
4	I am a fan of this exhibit because my boys love it.  Twice we were able to see the lions being fed by hand and one time the trainer was playing with the lions.  We have only seen the female lions in the habitat and a few months back we were lucky enough to be there when they had a baby lion available for pictures.  I believe it was $20 but I thought I would seize the opportunity because the lady I spoke with at the gift shop said they did not expect any new baby lions any time soon and they actually went three years without a baby lion being born.  My boys loved having their picture taken so right there it was worth the price.  The glass is also sound proof to the lions I was told which I really liked.  I actually spoke with the guy in charge and he was telling me about the sanctuary where they live and how they rotate out the lions.  He also reassured me that the lions love coming to the habitat, I don't know how true it is but I have seen animals in zoos that look so depressed and these lions actually looked spoiled.
4	The lions sleep a lot.  I also rarely see multiple lions.I'm giving this 4 stars because I still like lions and enjoy it when they're awake. Plus its free.
2	It's tough to review this. As much as I loved seeing the cute lions up close, I do think it's obnoxious to take them out of the wild and separate them from their natural habitat just for some MGM mascot or whatever you wish to call it.Very sad.
3	It's fun to walk by and see. Yesterday there were two people in the display with two lions. One person was sitting up and clearly dazed in boredom. The second was lying down and spooning a lion.I couldn't help but wonder; how long you have to sit in a cage with two lions before you can become that bored?
3	The Lion Habitat, an attraction that is essentially maintained by that $20 resort fee, which means you might as well check out the Lions while in the MGM. You will encounter several things at this exhibit. You'll recognize your nearby if there is a large amount of people packed around one place attempting to take photos of the Lion playing with his toy (by toy i mean some form of animal hide or food). It is a great scene to watch as a person is often inside with the Lion supervising it and occasionally tossing around its toy. In addition, it was cool to see that there were two lion cubs that were in a separate part of the room. At a price of $200 you are able to take a photo with one of the cubs, but for $200 for one photo with a sleeping cub? That's pricey. Either way, if your in the area, stop by and see if the Lions can provide some entertainment.
4	It's pretty neat to have an animal habitat inside a hotel like MGM. I would love to have one in my house, that's for sure! There were two trainers/caretakers there inside with them. Too bad both the lions were sleeping. I think you can see them any time from 11am to 10pm.
2	Yes, the lions are cute and furry.But they are also lazy, lazy, lazy.I've stayed at the MGM at least once a year for the past 6-7 years... and everything I walk by.. these things are playing dead.  I've seen them awake just once... and it wasn't doing anything exciting, it was just sitting and staring at me... probably thinking to itself when was the last time it had chinese food like me.Anyway, maybe I go at the wrong times or what not... but there's always lots of kids and older folk crowding around to watch a bunch of cats sleep.Just doesn't do it for me! If they would actually do something I'd give it 3 to 4 stars.
3	It's fun to walk by and see MUFASA. In the habitat there were two people in the display with two lions. Not as entertaining as it sounds but they have baby lions! Theres two baby lions and at a fee you can pet/take pictures with them.
2	First of all, I wouldn't really consider this an "attraction" its more of a "curiosity". If you find yourself in the general area and you have 15 minutes to kill, stop by.  Otherwise you're going out of your way to see  a few lions sleeping. I admit, lions are not something you see every day and the opportunity to see even one (despite the fact that it's sleeping) is fairly awesome. But you arrive, wait patiently for a spot close to the glass to catch a glimpse of one, take a photo and then you just kind of stand there. And then after a minute of that you start think "Wow, these are seriously beautiful creatures. It sucks that they're stuck in this artificial environment getting gawked at all day."  I felt a little dirty afterwards. I will say the habitat itself is beautiful! 9 million dollars worth of beautiful.There's also an informative recording that plays every 5-10 minutes. It tells you about the habitat, the lions and gives helpful factoids. One of which was: Lions sleep 18-20 hours a day. They are not dancing monkeys. To view the exhibit itself is free, but if you wanna shell out $25 bucks you and one other person can get your photo taken with a lion cub. I'm not gonna lie. They were reeeaaalllyyy f***ing cute!
4	FREE (score) exhibit inside the MGM Grand Hotel. Thank you MGM Grand for spending all that money on this exhibit (cough cough I'm referring to the extra thick one and a half inch thick glass) which is also soundproof (sigh of relief for safety!)They change out the lions every day so you never know who you'll get to see feeding, running, chilling, or sleeping.I like the facts that are displayed around the habitat. Pretty interesting to read... you learn something new and you keep yourself occupied... for instance...When we went they were all sleeping. So we read facts... and more facts... and walked around and came back... to read more facts... and wait, and wait, and wait..  ummm damn Vegas never sleeps I thought?! Oh wait the lions didn't get that memo... so I took a few minutes to watch in awe at these huge beautiful creatures as they caught up on their beauty sleep... And then I was on my way. I swear one of these days when I visit I will see them AWAKE and doing something! Anything! If you're lucky enough to swing by and see them NOT sleeping... awesome for you!
4	I'm sorry I'm getting around to this review just as the habitat is about to close.  I spent much time watching the lions play with their trainers or gnaw of the large play balls they have in the habitat.Although they are in captivity behind plexiglas, I always find looking at big cats to be relaxing and great fun!I will miss this habitat when MGM folds it and replaces it.  It's just one more free thing that will be gone from the Strip.
4	The lions are so cute! It's nice to see them walking around doing their own thing and not caring that we are there. They are lovely creatures and I'm glad I got a chance to see them before it closes down. I think people should take a chance to see this exhibit if they are near by! It's just a 2 minute joy to your day! :)
1	Holy crap these cats are boring... they sleep like 23 hours outta the 24 of the day!Do something!!I was told that feeding time was going to be soon, waited like 10-15 minutes because I really wanted to see them actually move... NEVER HAPPENED! Instead I walked around and gambled what I had in my pocket and lost like 2 bucks... cool.
2	They're rather boring. They never do anything and it's always crowded around the cage. This is a free exhibit though so can't complain much. Just don't waste too much of your time waiting for them to move.
4	I am disheartened that MGM Resorts is folding the Lion Habitat. It all comes down to the money. I recently read that MGM Mirage was analyzing replacing some free attractions to maximize their profits. I would argue that in a resort the size of a small city, that MGM Resorts could afford to keep a well done attraction in a small area of the casino. If anything MGM Mirage should make filling in their empty spaces in City Center a priority. A.K.A the Harmon Hotel and Crystals.  The Lion attraction is a neat attraction for animal lovers like myself, that brings me into the MGM Grand WHERE I WILL SPEND MONEY.  It will be a waste to describe the Lion Habitat since it is closing. The closure of the Lion Habitat brings two things to my mind: 1) Corporations are getting just a tide greedy. 2) Las Vegas really needs a major zoo. This review is just one man's opinion.
3	If your timing is right you can catch a glimpse of these cats while they are out playing or feeding. Otherwise it just looks like a rock formation with a waterfall. My friends and I were eager to see these big cats once more before they leave the habitat. Yes, that is right, the lions will be leaving the MGM. Until then, it is worth a peek. The two young felines are not bashful and with the prompting of some food, by their handlers, they come right up to the glass for photo ops.
5	This is one of the coolest free things to do in Las Vegas.Unfortunately, I just heard that it is closing. I'm very glad that I had a chance to visit before it went away.When I was there, the lions were sleeping on top of the glass walkway, so you could look right up at them just a few inches away. There were two human trainers resting with the cats in the habitat, petting them as they slept.I can't say that I'd want that job.
5	we stopped by MGM purposely to see the lion habitat. there wasn't a line but there were a lot of people surrounding the case to take pictures of them. there were 2 young lions eating/jabbing at the bone. i was told they swtich out the lions every day or so just so that the lions can rest. i saw the two lions without a mane.. so i didnt feel like it was the real thing. however there are 2 baby cubs that are separated. they are both separated which reminded me of simba and nala! super cute!! and such a great stop to visit on the strip for free! i believe you can pay extra to hold them for a photo op!
4	Sad to see it go. This one of the must see sites when you come to vegas. Nice free attraction that is now gone. To see a full grown lions and baby cubs walking around thru glass inside mgm was cool. Didn't have to go to the zoo or pay any one to see it. Just walk up and take a couple pics. Guess this is just another sign of the times. Cant be cheap to maintain the lions they had, especially when this attraction is free.
3	I've got to see it before it closed. It's a big part of MGM and what's makes them MGM. It crowded all the time. One of few things where parents can bring their kids to. It was free so nothing to complain about. It sucks that it had to close.
5	Just realized the lion habitat is now closed! So sad. :0(  This review was from last year but I'll still review it.Loved it!!! We got to take a picture with a lion cub and it was the best $20 or $25 bucks I ever spent, even if you only touch the back of the cub for like a couple of seconds. I would do it again next time I am in Vegas. If you can't take a picture with the lion cub it is still a cool place o see the lions lounging around.
3	So what if this place is closed... I do miss it. I always enjoy being up close and next to dangerous beasts... I mean look at my friends and enemies... Hell perhaps they are frenemies...  but yeah back to the subject at hand...I have never seen these lions ever move from a sleeping position out of having seen them like 15+ times. I think the exhibit was closed years before but no one told anyone anything and the lions were mummified by the dry desert air... purportedly they did move now and then at feeding time... or were there strings attached... did anyone see if someone was working a marionette inside the cage?None the less I do miss gazing upon these magnificent beasts. I do love big cats quite a bit so I am sad that they removed them. However I am happy to be out of the danger zone at the same time... perhaps someday they will return to the Metro Goldwyn Meyer casino...
