2	Came in here on Chinese New Year, they were pretty busy and we sat near the front.  The food was pretty good, I've had better dim sum the food wasnt as hot as I would like, maybe it is due to the fact by the time it got around to us it was cold already.  The decor was nice and the servers we did encounter were very nice.  Main complaint they never brought us anything to drink.  We had to search out our waiter, we would ask the servers with the carts for water and they said our waiter would be around but that didn't happen.  We saw the waiters were cleaning off another table and we got their attention and asked again for water.  Needless to say those waters were not refilled either until we tracked someone down again.  We were never offered tea until we were already halfway though our meal.  The highlight was the coconut buns for me but they were not hot and I think we would have been better off going across the walkway to the buffet which when we were there had no line.
5	This is my new favorite dim sum place in Las Vegas. First experience, went with my parents. The wait for a table was maybe 10 minutes as I went during prime time for lunch (around 12pm). After I was seated at my table, I ordered the usual things you'd usually get when you go dim sum. Siu Mai, Steamed chicken feet , and sticky rice wrapped w/ lotus leaves. Very fresh, flavored well, and steaming hot ! When even I say hot, its HOT. The chicken feet were flavored well. Not over seasoned, though tendons still a little chewy (could have used a few more minutes in the steamer) but still pretty well done. The pork siu mai was topped with some masago (capelin roe). Steaming hot. Flavor was good. The pork was "chewy", not in a bad sense but it has a slight resistance that shows it was made properly. There is a fairly decent size shrimp piece in there as well, that was not over cooked. The sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaves was nice. Wrapped normally with a few lotus leaves. Did not fall apart as i was taking the leaves off. Flavored well, good amount of ingredients inside the sticky rice. After a few other items were ordered, ranging from a few different buns, shrimp rice noodle, pan fried chives dumpling, and egg tarts. There were two types of buns i had ordered. One was called (directly translated) leaking sand bun which was made with i believe a salted egg yolk mixture which when you pull apart the bun, the rich, egg yolk mixture oozes out. perfectly made. that's the result you'd look for when you get this bun. hot from the oven, before the bun itself soaks up this yolk mixture. very delicious. the other bun (directly translated) is called the snow mountain bun. Has a white crust on top with i believe a lotus filling. Very good. Nice and hot off the cart. The shrimp rice noodle was well-made also. Good thickness to the noodle and a good sized shrimp lined in the middle of the noodle, topped with a soy sauce that was prepared to be slightly sweet. The pan fried chives dumping is one of my favorite items to get. Parts of the outer skin layer crispy due to the pan fried technique while the size is still nice and soft. The filling had ample amounts of Chinese chives, shrimp, and pork. Seasoned really well, not overpowering the natural tastes of the chives or meats. Last but not least, is the egg tarts.. Fresh out of the oven, nice flaky golden crust with a glimmering, shiny egg filling in the middle. The crust was warm and flaky but still unable to taste the butter? they use to create the flaky crust mixed with a bite of the the slightly sweet egg center. One of the many favorite dim sum items or snack items among the chinese communities. Unfortunately this was my first meal, so I didnt get to order much before I was stuffed. I will not hesitate to come back again for another round of dim sum. A little suggestion, try going with 4-6 people in your party if you want to try a good amount of the dishes they offer during lunch. Lunch is served between 10 AM and 3 PM. Don't hesitate to go early or late ! They will specially prepare the item of your choice even if you don't see it available on the cart. The prices are very reasonable, especially considering this restaurants sits inside the Rio Casino & Resort. The prices are as followed:Small: $2.28Medium: $3.18Large: $3.98Special: $4.98*edit*I went again recently. One thing to note was the service was quite lacking. Forgotten orders or took a while to serve us.
3	The Dim Sum here is comparable with Cathay House and Chang's. It's average.  The plus at KJ's is that everything wasn't cold when served.  Another plus it that it's new and clean. It was extremly busy on a Tuesday afternoon and we waited about 20 minutes for a table.  The prices here are a bit higher than Cathay or Chang's.
1	We dined at this restaurant which is located in the Rio.  Poor experience!  The service was very poor and not much better than the food.  Few, if any, of the wait staff could speak English and they appear to cater to mostly Chinese tourists.  Had difficulty getting our water glasses refilled.  My wife requested another bowl of rice, but it took them 10 minutes to deliver it.  We requested a second dish of an item and after 10 minutes, they finally told us they ran out and had to cook some more -- we cancelled and left.  Servers came by with carts twice, then we could never get them to come by again--worst Dim Sum ever!
5	Had a free room at the Rio, so we used it (not why 4 stars). 49ers broke my heart that night.49ers lost. To themselves. They would've won the superbowl.UGH.So we went down to KJ. The line for Carnival was horrendous. We got seated immediately.It was just my fiance, our three year old, and I. So we got some chow fun, some dim sum, and..... duck feet. I actually just changed this to five stars thinking about the duck feet.The chow fun was great, exactly how you'd expect it. The dim sum (I grew up in Hong Kong) was great, exactly how you'd expect it (if you know what to expect). The duck feet. Oh. My. God. The duck feet is why I'm going back, it's an appetizer so not tooo pricey but they perfected the flavor. I didn't win (I only play poker-against people, not casino) at the Rio on my free stay,the 49ers lost because of themselves, but I consider the trip a God Send because of KJ. And yes, we had breakfast, and dinner at Carnival, which was really good. I dream of the next time we goto KJ and try the Sea Cucumber.If you haven't been to KJ, in my opinion. Try. This. Place. Don't settle for the Dim Sum. Try. This. Place. Order at least one dish from their MENU, not the dim sum menu. Their menu.... (So, my advice is TRY MORE than dim sum. Hell, they advertise themselves as a seafood restaurant!!)The ambiance was great. It's so awesome to actually have Chinese servers in a Chinese restaurant that all speak English you speak respect, or humanity? Towards them first... I was slightly intoxicated and stumbled upon open kitchen doors, and are you kidding me? There were Chinese cooks!There is a really great picture of recent Hong Kong Island on one of the walls, my son loved that as we have smaller versions in our house.Food was 5 star service 4, in our three person experience. Maybe because I'm a white guy that speaks Cantonese? I'll be going back. Soon.
2	We were here for the carnival world buffet, but line was terribly long. This restaurant located right across from the buffet, so we made the wrong wrong decision to fill our stomach.Service: We waited for some time until someone came up from the restaurant to assign us a table. The dinning area wasn't full at that time, so obviously they were  understaffed. It was also very hard to get waiters' attention *any time*. I asked for something not on the menu to get a vegetable dish and also asked how much it would that be. The waiter told me it would be $10ish. Then he suggested Treasure Island Pea Sprout. I assumed it would have a similar price and didn't ask further. However, we found that this dish costed $10 more expensive. They also forgot our dimsum order, which was also printed on the bill. Given that this restaurant didn't even have a line waiting at the door, this mistake is not acceptable. Food: Their food was on the salty side, such as seafood eggplant in a claypot, Cantonese style beef. They taste good with rice, though. The green bean dish we got was half raw. Chow fun and Yang-chow fried rice was good. However, they are not even par to average in the line of Chinese food IMO. It could be that I am spoiled by SF  Chinese food. There's no free dessert, but there are fortune cookies when checkout. Price: This place is overpriced given the food quality and service. If you are craving for Asian food, I would recommend dropping by the Asian food court around Chinatown mall on Spring Mountain Rd. Food/price is much better/more reasonable there.
5	Overall, Kj dimsum is an average dimsum place. But I have to bump its ratings up because it is in a Casino and the service was excellent. We went on a Sunday afternoon and a few tables were occupied at the time. We basically had 4 carts chase us to our table as soon as we were seated which was great. The prices are fair and the quality was what you would expect. I think this is better than PingPangPong over at the Gold Coast.
4	Visited LV during the end of Feb. 2012.  Had visited other restaurants in "Chinatown" Spring Mountain Rd. area but were not impressed with what we had in the past ( FYI Sam Woo is the worst !  Very expensive and just plain bad).  Being from Toronto Canada, we're use to good authentic Chinese food.  When I came across KJ DS based on an Internet search, decided to give it a try, and we're glad we did.  In the end, we ended up at the place 3 times during our 5 day visit and we weren't even staying at the Rio hotel !First visit was actual Dim Sum.  Compared to Toronto, the prices are very reasonable/similar.  Selection at times can be tricky since it all depends on what cart comes by your table.  Within 5 mins of being seated at our table, we had tea & food on the table and we were munching away. Flavor and presentation were good and what you would expect.  We were especially impressed with the BBQ roast duck (skin was really crispy !)  In total our bill for 4 people including tea & tip was around $55.We also went two nights for dinner.  We ordered off the regular and Chinese menus. (You might need to ask for the Chinese menu).  The size of the dishes was good and very tasty.  The selection was also quite impressive and we managed to order dishes which suited all tastes.  Along with our dishes, we received complimentary soup of the day, rice and dessert.  In total our bills were in the $55 range, including tips. The service on all occasions was really good without being too pushy.Based on our experiences with this level of food and service, we will definitely be back on our next trip to LV. Give them a try - you won't be disappointed !
5	The best dim sum in Las Vegas! Park in the west lot and it's a 2 minute walk.I knew it would be good when I saw that the place was packed with Chinese people at 1 in the afternoon on a Wednesday.I've been back several times since it opened in January, and the service has greatly improved. The food is hot, the waiters come by and refill water/tea, carts make their rounds enough so you never run out of food options. Not much more you can ask for!Highly recommend! Must try!
5	As a bay area born and raised local Vegas resident, I would say the dim sum is not comparable to that of California, but it is one of the best in the city. Food: Sure it's not as good as Cali, but they don't take shortcuts here. The food that comes out of the kitchen taste and looks like what its suppose to be. The texture of the food tastes like what's it is suppose to. Most of the dim.sim is hot like It's suppose to when it is served to your table. I cannot vouch for the plate dishes as I've only had the dim sum. Atmosphere: It's clean, spacious, nice air conditioning, great service, and there's four LCDs for you to watch while you eat. They have TVB MwhahahaCome back? Yes, and I would recommend this place over places like Orchid, East Ocean, and even Ping pang pong. I would still recommend Chang's if you are on a budget, but you get what you paid for and your experience won't be as great.
3	We decided to get food here before going to watch Penn & Teller, we originally wanted to try the Buffet but after seeing half of Utah (and an hour wait) in the line we decided to find somewhere else.This place looks swanky from the outside but is hidden by a wall of slot machines and despite you the fact you can't readily see it is actually pretty good. Our waitress was really amusing and was one of the best parts of the dining experience. We shared a whole Peking Duck between 4 and it was very good. Instead of the little pancake type things you get in the UK, this duck turned up with "buns". It was all very good and I can recommend it. We had a selection of chicken and beef dishes and again they were all pleasant but nothing amazing.If you're not staying in the Rio or have a good reason to be there I wouldn't beat a path to their door for Chinese food. If you happen to be there then it makes a good dining choice.
4	I have to admit before I visited this place Ping Pang Pong was my number one dim sum spot in Vegas. KJ actually has better location in my own opinion. It's really close to Rio's parking lot! (no need to walk all over of casino and stuffs) Both their food and deco are more delicate than Ping Pang Pong. Service here was really good. We constantly had waiter checking our table even when they pretty much had full house of customers. price is very friendly too (small dish:$2.28 / med dish:$3.18/ large dish:$3.98 / special dish:$4.98) I definitely recommend their dim sum time!!
4	Had dinner at KJ dimsum & Seafood before going to Penn & Teller when our scheduled dinner choice was unexpectedly closed.  Pleasantly surprised, nice setting, despite being across from the Carnival World Buffet.  Menu had good breadth of selections, quick and good attentive service, excellent value (cheapest meal we had while in Las Vegas!)  Food was excellent.  I'll have to come back and try the dimsum too.
4	Finally, a Dim Sum place clean enough my gringo friends can enjoy! This sprawling restaurant possibly seat hundreds at a time. And they probably do. I like the open air style because I tend to get claustrophobic in Chinese restaurants. No new items here that makes it different from Cathay House, Chang or Orchid Garden. But I can guarantee cleanliness! That in itself makes everything taste better. I know you're thinking it's in Rio Casino so there must be an up-charge. Rest assured one dollar dollar sign baby!
5	My mom is an old school Chinese lady who would eat Chinese, more specifically, Cantonese food, everywhere if she could choose. On this recent mother-daughter trip to Vegas, I knew I had to find a way to include this somewhere in the itinerary, and luckily my Vegas local friend pooky b highly recommended KJ.  Located inside the Rio, across from the Carnival World Buffet, this Cantonese cuisine restaurant that's been opened for only two months offered just what we needed: delicious and better yet, reasonably-priced dim sum for lunch. I'm very impressed by how the steamed items were seriously piping hot and fresh, with a good amount of variety to choose from. Of the things we tried, shrimp dumplings, pork dumplings, tripe, beef wrapped in flat rice noodle, tofu flower dessert, pan-fried shrimp and chive dumplings, they all tasted absolutely fabulous, maybe even exceeding the flavors of some dim sum restaurants in San Francisco. My only gripe is that if you are a solo non-native diner, the cart ladies may easily pass you up. You really have to be assertive if you want them to stop by your table. Other than that, service was pretty good and I'm sure my mom really enjoyed it, which was the most important thing. She liked it so much that she even took a stack of business cards to bring home to distribute to her friends!
5	KJ Kitchen in Rio is arestaurant with an upscale, very comfortable decor but moderate prices for absolutely delicious Dimsums and other Chinese dishes! If you like the original KJK in Chinatown, you'll love this NEW one in Rio.The YELPY Version:Yesterday afternoon, my friend and I decided to give the new KJK a try, and was delighted by how good its dimsums (we had 4 different kinds, at $1.50-$3.60 each) and the "Seafood Noodles" ($15) tasted! Happy to report that our dimsums were as good as those we had in the best of Chinese dimsum restaurants, and the noodle dish the same quality as that from the ORIGINAL KJK in Chinatown. For our wonderful afternoon meal, the tab was $28, including Tea and Tax.By the way, the quantity of the dishes was pretty good, too. After all those tasty dimsums, as delicious as the plate of noodles was, we could not finish it, we flipped a coin for the leftover, and darn, my friend won the toss and took it home!This huge restaurant was ~80% full around 2pm, and we were not surprised. My friend and I are regulars of the original KJK, and we will definitely frequent the NEW one as well - when we have a craving for dimsums and/or want to dine in a more "plush", upscale setting.Although this NEW KJ Kitchen opened only very recently in Rio Casino, its ORIGINAL location in Chinatown has been a favorite for local Asians (and some smart and some "Well Informed" Westerners) for years - for its very tasty Chinese dishes at reasonable prices. That small, popular (thus) crowded, original KJK in Chinatown was not well known to most tourists other than those lucky Asians from Los Angeles, however, perhaps because it is NOT listed on the TripAdvisor Network? Now, the NEW KJK in Rio will be a TREAT to the TOURISTS, as well as to the LOCALS! In addition to its traditional, great tasting Chinese dishes that it is famous for, the NEW KJK also offers a variety of delicious dimsums, all at moderate prices, which the original KJK does not.Peterskis, Apr 2012
3	Pretty large portions at this spot.  It was only my first time, so  I have to come back and try more dishes.Har gow = fresh, good size, and tasted good.Fried Meat Ball = huge here.  A little more of a tang to the meat, but the outside fried mochi was nice, thick, and oily; just the way I like it.Shrimp wrapped in big noodles = wasn't warm enough; and didn't taste fresh.  Not enough sesame oilPreserved Duck Egg & Pork Porridge = a little on the thin side, i like my porridge thick, but flavorful w/ no soy sauce needed.Pork buns = yuck, not too my taste at all!I will be back to try more!  This place is a fairly large establishment where you are able to come and not have to wait very long.  Although, I did come on a weekday, so I'll have to check it out on the weekends; probably on a Sunday.  Will let y'all know!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (42/365). I have a lot of catching up to do!
4	Came here for a quick Chinese good fix and the food was surprisingly good!  It's hard to get authentic Chinese food inside a casino, and I have to say this one meets the standard.  As for the service, most people here were pretty nice.  However, maybe because they are fairly new, the speed is still kind of slow and it does seem kind of chaotic sometimes.I like it overall and will definitely come back!
3	Not bad for dim sum.  Very clean and new. Food is pretty decent. I would give it 3.5 stars. Big open space with many large tables for your large dim sum groups.Doesn't seem too busy until the weekends.  Parking right in front of it sucks.
5	FINALLY, good dim sum in the LV.  About freakin time!  It's located across from the buffet inside of Rio.  The food is good, but the service is fantastic.  I've seriously never had this level of service in any Asian restaurant, especially dim sum.  My ice water never reached the half way point.  They even came by and asked how I was doing and if there were any dishes that I would like to request.  Everyone there is super friendly and accommodating.  Another big shocker..  their prices are super reasonable.  Our party of 4 indulged, and our bill came to a whopping $72, which at similar places would have been well over $100.The food quality is very high.  While I would love to give detailed descriptions of each dish, as a white girl I have no idea what their proper names are.  They do have a pretty decent selection of all of the standard fare and even some additional taro choices that are banging.Dim sum isn't served all day long, only 10a-3p.
3	We came here for Dim Sum on Sunday at about 11:30am.  The wait wasn't too long to get a table to ourselves.  They did ask if we wanted to share a table with others, we declined.  It was weird to have a Mexican waiter asked us what kind of tea we wanted to drink.  We sat for over 10-15 minutes and only two carts came by our table with nothing of interest to us.  We were really disappointed with their food service or lack of it.  The dim sum was okay, but not a very wide selection of dim sum to choose from.  There were a lot of items that were missing from the usual dim sum fare.  We didn't see any desserts carts at all.  The taste wasn't bad, but definitely not as good as those dim sum restaurants in L.A.  So only 3.5 stars from me.
4	I was surprised that the Rio opened a dim sum place, but I was excited about trying it out.I loved the interior. It's probably the nicest cleanest dim sum place you might find in Vegas. Not that others aren't nice, it's just been remodeled very nicely!As for the dim sum, I'd have to say it's A-OK. Even the prices, I believe probably a tad higher than most, but I didn't mind if I'm sitting in a place I enjoy. The service, probably much the same as other Chinese dim sum restaurants, semi-friendly (?), efficient, but very rushed and a bit frantic.I'd recommend KJ's for your next dim sum lunch :)
4	This is the nicest looking Dim Sum restaurant in all of Vegas.  It also provides the best service (I've read a few other reviews that say otherwise) but I have no complaints.The waiters even come by to serve you tea.  This is unheard of at Dim Sum's.  You don't even need to do jumping jacks to get their attention to refill the tea because they will on top of it.  Since it's located inside Rio across from the Carnival buffet, the prices are a tad bit more expensive than your Spring Mtn options but it's still super cheap unless you are just a cheap ass AzN. All of the dim sum is really fresh, hot, and delish.  I recommend going super early to avoid the traffic and to get the food right when it comes out.  I've been here about 5 times since it opened.
5	My new favorite Chinese restaurant in town. Owned by the same folks of KJ kitchen on Spring Mountain. This location at The Rio is even better. I didn't think it was possible! The food is incredible, amazing service.Warning, it is pricier because it is more upscale and in a "casino", but worth it!  It's brand new, thus very clean, the decor is gorgeous, the ambiance has a romantic, gourmet feel. 20% I you're a local. I'm in heaven here
5	Wonderful service, not only were they quick, but also very polite and efficient. Plenty of carts and every item seem to be made fresh and hot.
5	Food is good, true flavor!!
4	I said it before and I'll say it again... if you walk into a Chinese restaurant and all of the patrons and servers are Chinese, I would say it's a good sign.  And it was.  This dim sum place reminded me of a famous dim sum place in Hong Kong.  So many options and the servers were around often with the carts so there was no waiting at all.  They had a lot of authentic dim sum.... on the day we went, they had a special duck egg bao.  My friend's Chinese mom was quite pleased.  And those egg tarts... wow! And I've read some of the other reviews about the prices, but I thought the prices were very reasonable.  In fact, there were 6 of us dining and the bill was only $75!!!  Amazing!  And we even ordered a noodle dish off the menu!  And FYI, they don't have their liquor license yet, so BYOB!  We had a little cooler of our own beer and it worked out just great!
5	Quite possibly the best chinese outside Shang Hai i've had. its that good.  Inexpensive, high quality, Go. Now!
4	Came here with the family and it wasn't a bad place for dimsum. Surprising for sure! I didn't think to expect much but the food and selection was pretty good!Nothing really stood out but everything was really good. Wouldn't be surprised if I came back if I was craving some dim sum.
1	WORST RESTAURANT EVER!!Hands down this is the worst place I've eaten at. My friends and I had dinner here last night and I couldn't have been more disappointed with the service.Here is why:1. Our waiter was a tall, older looking Asian gentlemen and couldn't be bothered with actually taking care of us like waiters are supposed to! Thankfully there were 2 other men that saw his crappy attitude and took action. 2. At the end of our meal, one of my friends politely asked for a box so she could take the remainder of her food home. Our jackass waiter proceeded to put my friend's plate in the bin with other dirty dishes, then put her left-over food in the box and handed it back to her. THIS ACTUALLY HAPPENED. I SAW THIS WITH MY OWN EYES AND WHEN I CONFRONTED HIM ABOUT IT, HE DENIED IT. I asked to speak to a manager because I was so appalled, but all they did was say "sorry." I was FURIOUS about how they treated us like dirty street rats instead of human beings.3. If reasons 1 and 2 didn't already convince you not to go here, here is another: 2 of my friends had explosive diarrhea this morning after eating food from this place.IF YOU WANT SHITTY SERVICE AND EVEN WORSE FOOD, COME HERE. If you're smart, you will stay away and find another restaurant that is cleaner, less expensive and that has a welcoming atmosphere.
2	I really utterly do not understand how this restaurant has such high reviews......we came here on a whim because we had a show to catch (the chippendales heheheh) and we didnt' want buffet. The place was empty when we came in, but there were plenty of servers. My gf and I split the shumai appetizer and a garlic scallion chicken. the other two girls in our group ordered a beef pan fried noodle and the other ordered a seafood pan fried noodle. This is how the convo went down:Girl #1: "Hi, I'd like to have the beef pan fried noodle"Waiter: "Ok"Girl #2: "Hi, I'd like to have the seafood pan fried noodles"waiter: "Beef pan fried noodle?"Girl #2: "No....Seafood pan fried noodle"Waiter: "Ok"first the garlic scallion chicken comes out first....almost halfway through eating it, we had to remind the waiter of our shumai. He clearly had forgotten about it and ran to go get it. Fortunately, the shumai was DELICIOUS. the second i bit in, my mouth automatically went MMMMMMMMMM. it was uncontrollable. then our gf's pan fried noodles FINALLY come out.........guess what comes out? TWO beef pan fried noodles!!!!!!!my gf pointed it out that she ordered the seafood noodle........and it was hte most awkward exchange ever. the waiter pauses "OH No my mistake......." pauses and looks at her.......and did not immediately even offer to take it back........and my gf is just like it's fine don't worry about it (she obviously didn't want to wait while we were almost done with our food) and he has a sigh of relief an djust leaves it.NO one comped her meal and he didn't even offer to take it back and just looked at her to see if she would just accept it! Thank goodness she even eats beef!terrible service, decent food (shumai helped, the chicken was too salty).
2	when having dim sum, you've got to have the proper service to go with it in order to enjoy it.  If the right variety of carts don't come around to your table it can totally affect your dim sum dining experience.  I usually don't write reviews based on the service but during a dim sum experience its all about the service.  It was also hard for us to enjoy the dim sum especially since we had to wait so long for the soy sauce/chili oil to get delivered.  The dim sum was not bad but they lost a star and 1/2 due to the lack of service.  The only plus is the location at the Rio, which is one of my favorite hotel/casinos. =)
5	We went to KJ inside the RIO Hotel and Casino.  I think they have couple other locations in Vegas.  We were looking for a place for dimsum and the Chinese dealer at Bally's recommanded KJ.  We were there around noon on Monday and waited for about 10 minutes for a table.  There were a dozen people before us and the wait wasn't too bad.  Once inside and seated a waitor came and asked what type of teas would we like and we order the usual iron buddha tea.  The seating is confortable.  Tables ae well spread out.  Did not feel crowded although the place is pack.  The dimsum was suprisingly good.  I think better than Ping Pang Pong at Gold Coast.  The food tastes freshly made and flavorful.  Once thing I noticed that set this place apart from many others is that the waiters come to check on the tea pot quite often which is a good thing because usually you have to call them to refill the pot.  Didn't have to at all at this restaurant.  Service was fast and courtesy.Did not go there for dinner so can't say if the experience would be the same.Next time in Vegas, definetely will go there for dimsum.
1	Consistent with past reviews, their food was decent, although service was mediocre at best. When we arrived, the hostess was on her cell, after she ended her call, she proceeded to pick up and read a newspaper. We had to call to her attention that we'd like to be seated (she did notice us when she was chatting away), she then mumbled something to a server who clearly didn't hear her. We went ahead and seated ourselves since we weren't getting anyone's attention. We noticed a few other groups arrived and were getting much superior service, they appear to be frequent visitors or friends of the waitress, as they greeted each other. Guess you need to be in the inner circle to get any decent service.We then ordered tea and requested chili sauce, the waiter had forgotten our request and we had to request them a second time. Right off the bat we were put off by the poor service. Likely won't return again. These restaurants need to learn the lesson that poor customer service can be costly, as I've seen time and time again. Such a shame.
4	I liked this place a lot. Besides the fact that its SUPER cheap, the food is pretty decent. After reading some of the other reviews I would suggest you take someone that is really familiar with dim sum or is Chinese. Otherwise who knows what you will get because most of the staff does not speak English...
5	This place is inside the RIO. I was pleasantly surprised and thought they did a pretty good job. Customer service was superb as compared to other chinese dim sum places and these guys spoke English! I had a delicious meal of chicken feet, pork su mai, basil clams, and garlic greens!
4	Very good! I come from Los Angeles' lovely area of dim sum and this place was surprisingly delicious. The price range is $3-6 per dish, with $3-4 per plate for the classics shu Mai and har gow.This is reasonably priced considering its a restaurant inside the rio hotel.PS. They do charge $1 per person for drinking tea. :)
4	It's NEW! Dim Sum inside the RIO casino!  After so many yelpers raving about the dim sum here I just had to try it for myself! Thanks to all the wonderful yelpers out there, I wasn't disappointed. Good quality and freshness made the dim sum items taste pretty good. There was always a good amount of food circulating on the carts. I really recommend ordering the rice rolls here! They are probably the BEST rice rolls I've had in a LONG time!! My only complaint is that there wasn't enough variety of dim sum items and the portions were kinda smaller than what I'm used to getting in LA. I didn't try dim sum anywhere else in Vegas, but I'm going to trust the other yelpers and agree that for the quality of the dim sum items here, the price wasn't too bad. The bill came out to be around $50 for 4 people, which is more than what we are used to paying in LA but it is Vegas so I guess it's expected that it's a bit more. Overall: I would totally recommend dim sum here!
4	I was thinking of giving KJ 3.5 stars, but I rounded it to 4 because of the great company with whom I had brunch here on Saturday.The carts came around often with good selections.  I am happy I got to go again for dim sum with a Chinese speaking friend.  There's no language barrier and they often know what to order or what to avoid.  Such was the case Saturday with Li Ly, our friend who is moving back to San Francisco and the reason 7 of us got together for brunch.We had shrimp dumplings, pork dumplings, sesame balls, sweet buns, and some good shrimp balls.  I don't know the Chinese names for any of these, but they were generally good.  We had fairly good service although Li Ly had to dig her heels in and get the service we needed.I like the room.  It's well appointed and the decor is bright and roomy.
4	I have been going to KJ's on Spring Mtn for years and even was a fan of them when they were all at Food Express on Decatur.  I went here just to check it out and get some different scenery.  If you like the one on spring mtn this will not disappoint.  It is not as crowded as the other one and has the same great food.  The only downfall is that it is priced slightly higher since it is in a casino, but locals get 20% off the bill, so I guess you almost break even (what more can you ask for, but to break even in a casino).  This KJ's does however have dim sum...please try the taro bun pastry...soooo good!  Same great food & alot of the staff from the one off the strip.  Enjoy!
1	Worst service ever. Went there on a Saturday night for dinner at about 6 pm. We got seated and waited about 15 minutes for someone to come ask us what we wanted for drinks so we tried to order food at the same time and the server just walks away. We ordered 4 dim sum plates, roasted duck, and beef chow fun. The dim sum plates came out first. The ribs undercooked with the meat pink, shrimp was also undercooked. As for the beef chow fun, they half assed cooked it, from what it looked like they cooked the noodles separately and the beef, vegetable and sauce just getting dumped over. Sorry I'm not stupid, I eat it enough at other places to know that the noodles aren't white if it has been mixed with the sauce. Roast duck was super dry. HORRIBLE SERVICE and FOOD preparation. I couldn't even get a refill on water either. No racial but my gf and I were maybe a few of the couple asians(like 7) in there with the majority being white. When it came time to asking for the check it was like waiting in line at the dmv. C'mon now half the restaurant was empty and these fools can't even get me a bill? We really thought about just getting up and leaving. This place must treat people like this all the time cause they probably know tourist will stop by once but sorry I'm a LOCAL and not going back. NEVER AGAIN.
3	My husband and I met one of his friend's here for dinner. We did not do dim sum, I believe the carts are only pushed around during lunchtime. First impressions mean a lot, and Kj made a good one, the decor is beautiful. The tables in the dining area are spaced out well. It was easy to carry a conversation in the room. Service was attentive and friendly. My husband had the Mongolian Beef, spicy. Wasn't very at all spicy, but the meat was tender and obviously good quality. I had the chicken with cashews, which was excellent. We also split some tasty desserts. I recieved 20% off our bill as a local... which is cool but I could have sworn that lady that gave me my rewards card for the Rio said I'd get 25% off all the restaurants... The website also states locals get 25% off:http://www.riolasvegas.com/casinos/rio/casino-misc/locals-home-detail.htmlFor 3 people we only paid $50, and that was with a tip... I'd like to return sometime for lunch to see how the dim sum carts are. Until then I am sticking with an A-OK, 3 star rating.
2	Let me start by saying that I am a poker player and have thus spent way too much time staying at casinos.  I know that chinese restaurants in casinos usually serve okay food at outrageous prices with subpar service.  I am okay with this fact.  I tried KJ twice while staying at the Rio and had the same experience both times.  I was eating late on both occasions and did not go for dim sum brunch, so I can't comment on the dim sum on carts.  My wife ordered dim sum from the menu and I'm pretty sure it was microwaved after being frozen.  I ordered a dish both nights.  The taste was pretty good, but the shine from both dishes almost blinded me.  Holy MSG!!!  My wife had a reaction both times after eating just a few bites of my dish.  I can handle the MSG a little better, but I also felt a little weird after my second meal (swollen tongue).  I won't be making a return trip.
3	Countless times I have waited in the Carnival buffet line wondering why I am waiting when I could walk in to that great smelling dim sum place across the way. First of all, just because you sell appetizer sized portions of certain foods does not make you a dim sum restaurant.  Having eaten in San Francisco at some of the best Dim Sum locations where the food arrives on carts and you choose what you want for small prices, I was a bit surprised to find that this is nothing more than a chinese restaurant with some unusual items on the menu like clay pots.  The prices, while good for chinese food are not great for dim sum and you won't be able to try 20 different selections unless you want to spend a ton.    The food we ordered was mixed.  The lobster spring rolls had decent chunks of what appeared to be lobster but had no lobster taste to it.  In fact, they were ultra bland.  The walnut shrimp was tasty as was the sizziling seafood which included scallops, calamari, an unidentifyable fish, shrimp and more.  The sweet and sour pork was also lacking in flavor but was not overly soggy.  They are less than generous on the rice portions.I agree with other reviewers that services is lacking and there is absolutely no atmosphere in this place so don't expect a romantic meal.  I am sure there are better Dim Sum locations within 20 miles of this place.
4	If you are craving dim sum while in Vegas, well then KJ Dim Sum & Seafood should more than satisfy your craving.I came here with a big group of friends for a friend's birthday lunch. We were staying at the Rio and I was pretty surprised that they had an actual dim sum restaurant there rather than off the strip near Chinatown.  The carts went around pretty frequently with a vast variety of hot and freshly made dishes.  Everything was pretty tasty. My favorites were probably the shiau mai, fried turnip cake, and tripe.  Of course, I also enjoyed their pork and thousand year old egg congee-this always helps cure a hangover. Their portion is prettty small for the congee, so if you're not feeling so well, I suggest one congee per person.We also ordered their duck and barbeque pork fried rice and fried noodles, all which were fulfilling as well.  Coming from the San Gabriel Valley and having had my share of Dim Sum experiences, I would definitely recommend this place.Check it out and see for yourself.  Our group left with massive food coma-satisfied and ready for a nap in prep for the evenings debauchery!
2	I really wanted to like this place. I came here with my mom for a quick brunch one day and I was less than impressed...Out of the 8 little plates that we ordered, only the shu mai was really worth raving about. We got egg tarts, bbq pork buns, steamed shrimp rolls, and some other things I can't remember.The service was pretty good, the carts came around multiple times and there were plenty of waiters walking around with separate plates of food.I may be too biased, having had dim sum in California, but it wasn't any better than the other places in town. The only difference is that this one just happens to be nicer looking and more pricey, which does not make up for the very ordinary food.I might come back and try some of the other plates. Like the fried noodles or maybe the congee, but I feel like I going to one of the two near my house would be a better choice instead.
4	We came here on a Monday afternoon, during a lunch break.- Fast service. They seat you immediately and food is aleardy waiting!- Very spacious. Usually in a dim sum restaurant, the tables are really close together and it gets pretty intimate, very loud and noisy, but not here. haha- All fresh and hot. We came at 12pm, so I'm sure most were just made.- I would definitely get the shrimp rice noodle and crystal shrimp dumpling! My FAVES!- For desserts, get the egg custard and tofu pudding! DELICIOUS! - Pricing can be pretty steep. Although expensive, this place is WAY BETTER than Orchids. - If you want dim sum in LV, KJ is a for sure HIT!
3	Family style food. The meal it self was great but they had no dim sum and the ordering process was a bit confusing.
3	So my new husband and I decided to try out a dim sum place close to the strip because it's a novel idea, dim sum in Vegas!When we got there the place was busy and most patrons were asian, great sign! We were seated right away and got bombarded with carts (of course).Here's a breakdown of what we ended up with:-har gow-shu mai-rice noodles with shrimp-mushroom dumplings-char siu bao (steamed pork bun)-sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf-xiao long bao-scallop dumplingsOf what we got here's what I would recommend, xiao long bao, har gow, and mushroom dumplings. The rest where okay and some were not that great. The notable bad dish was the rice noodles with shrimp, which was definitely off. For the noodle dish, usually the shrimp is especially sweet and the noodles are wrapped up but separate. These noodles seemed overcooked because half of the noodles seemed to have fused together.We get darn good dim sum at home, so this was a little bit of a let down. I'm also tempted to take away another star for service because even though we were seated promptly and got our food quickly it took FOREVER to get our bill and after getting it for someone to take it. However, I am in a generous mood so I'll say that they get a 2.5 and round up to 3.Kj Dim Sum will definitely satisfy a dim sum craving, but it's not that great. Not sure what else Vegas has to offer in terms of dim sum, but hopefully it's better than this.Star #1: Flavorful food. Some of them were good, some not so good.Star #2: Food causes cravings. No, not these ones.Star #3: Price worthiness. Yes, decently priced dim sum.Star #4: Decent service. It's okay.Star #5: X factor (ie amazing service, ambiance, creativity, etc). Not really.
4	YAY! This place is amazing, i have absolutely no complaints except for the decorThe food was amazing we ordered the Cantonese steak, the steak was a good cute and cooked medium to medium rareordered the honey walnut shrimp, it was really good, it's really hard to get that wrongHouse style rice noodles, amazing, it was one of my favoritesBeef and Fish fried rice, SOOOO goodBBQ Pork buns were really good alsoThis is by far my favorite Chinese place, by far
5	Chinese food in Vegas? come on are you kidding me, why bother? Well we were short on time so we decided to do it anyways. I was blown away, every dish i had was very well done. Their pastries were fabulous. I don't think I've had ever had a better egg tart, and their custard bun was mind numbing delicious. The other thing that is always a disappointment is service in a Chinese restaurant. our tea was always taken care of, plates bussed away quickly. only 1 of the 3 times we were there that they weren't as attentive. And yes you read that correctly, i ate there three times because it's that good.
4	I have never had Cantonese before and was taken here by a friend who was born and raised in China. This helped a lot, as he could speak the language (only with a differen dialect). I loved that they walked past with carts, so you could actually see the food. They would explain what each plate had and what was in each dish. I liked the shrimp (don't know how else to say this, so excuse me) balls. They were cooked well and very tasty. There were things that looked like wontons with chicken and spinach in them, that were very good. The tea was okay, but the servers were definitely on their job; constantly checking on my drinks, but not in an annoying way. Tried this rice that was in a giant leaf thing, didn't care for the flavor. Had this dessert that was made with sweetened egg, and it was delicious! I also liked that the portions were small, so you could try multiple things. My friend said that there was some pressure from the women with the carts, so I'm not sure if they work on commission, or maybe they need to empty their carts in a certain amount of time, or what. If he were not a confident man, I'm sure this would have made for an uncomfortable vibe, but him and I laughed it off. Will definitely be coming here again.
4	I stayed at the Rio multiple days for a conference and found that this was a tasty and refreshing change after eating at their All-American Bar and Grille one time too many. Don't get me wrong the Grille's food was good, but the thought of eating another burger was nauseating.  The food at KJ is authentically Chinese and they serve a good variety as any restaurant in the San Gabriel Valley. The couple times I ate here was for lunch and dinner so I didn't get any dim sum, but the quality and tastiness really hit the spot for someone who grew up on Chinese food. There are also favorites that are suitable for others that are not too familiar with Chinese food. I recommend the Beef Chow Fun and Won Ton Noodle soup.  They even accommodated my dining partner who was allergic to some ingredients, when requested to not add any sauce to a shrimp dish and to simply steam it they complied.  The only reason why this place is not getting a 5 star is because of the price of their dishes. Everything else service, decor and food is up-there. I know there are many options to dining in Vegas, but not for Chinese so maybe that's why this place can profit from increased prices.
1	Not satisfied, service was poor and could tell the host was lying to us.We ordered "dual-shrimp and chicken fried rice" and  "beef pan fried noodles". The beef wasnt all to bad, but nothing to get excited over.Not sure if our other dish even had shrimp in it with small bits of chicken here and there, not worth the price for that dish what so ever. This place is right up the street from chinatown. Go there instead.
4	Never thought I would find decent dim sum and cantonese food at a Las Vegas hotel/casino but, we did. Even my in-laws liked the food here and that says a lot. We are all from or eat regularly at Chinese restaurants in the San Gabriel Valley so we know what authentic Chinese food taste like. The place looks pretty nice and the service was pretty good. Wasn't hard to get the attention of the wait staff. The dim sum was pretty decent. The only problem we had with it was that it wasn't piping hot like we would find at NBC in Monterey Park. We also had dinner here as it was about 50 degrees outside with a bracing wind and didn't want to take the in-laws outside. We were pretty satisfied with the dinner too. The pork chop with spicy salt was good as I had at any Sam Woo and the sauteed pea shoots were very tender and delicious. The prices were of course higher than anything in the San Gabriel valley but, they weren't as bad as I thought they would be. However, it you want a bargain, just drive a couple blocks north to Spring Mountain Rd. and try one of the many asian restaurants there.
3	I was skeptical about trying a dim sum place in a casino, but my friend really wanted to try it so I agreed. The place was packed with mainly Chinese people, so that was a good sign. My friend had arrived before me, and had already ordered a bunch of food, so I dug right in. The dim sum places in Vegas aren't spectacular compared to other places I've been to, but are still pretty decent. KJ's is no exception. The food was mediocre but service was better here than any other dim sum place in Vegas that I've been to. So, while the food was alright... I don't see myself coming back here anytime soon. I would rather stick to the ones I already go to. Mainly because there wasn't anything that really wowed me enough to want to have to deal with tourists and the rio parking garage.
5	Becoming ever more popular as diners are discovering the huge selection of fresh Dim Sum at reasonable prices in a very pleasant, modern decor. I am now a frequent diner at lunch time. May have to check out dinner sea food menu.
5	We were pleasantly surprised to find a traditional dim sum house in Las Vegas, let alone in the Rio.  The food is exactly what I remembered when growing up and the atmosphere and service were spot-on.  We dined there twice during our recent trip and plan to do so again when we're next in town.
5	Excellent Cantonese dim sum! Fast and very inexpensive. Why no bottled water?
4	Great service and best dim sum in Las Vegas! Beats the ones in Chinatown!The waiters here are PSYCHIC! They know exactly what you want and they make it their duty to make sure you're the first to get it when it's ready!! ok, jk...they're not psychic, BUT they do get you what you want if you mention it, even if it's a whisper. I softly mentioned a few items that I was waiting for, at different times, and all the waiters seemed to overhear me. AND AHOY, off they went to find me my treasures! yum yum yum! Quality of the dim sum here is SO much better than the ones in Chinatown, so why bother going far off the strip? Food here actually reminds me of eating dim sum in hong kong! and it's on par with other authentic dim sum restaurants in San Gabriel Valley, where all the asians are. You must get the melting custard bun! Don't hesitate, just grab it because it sells out within a minute, no joke!! Don't repeat my mistake of just ordering one and realize it's sooo good that you want more. THERE WON'T BE ANY LEFT and you'll have to wait another 20 minutes :(The only reason why this did not get five stars because I'm too cheap to eat here all the time. Prices are really high for dim sum; for example, it costs $30-40 for 9-11 dishes, depending on size of the dish.
4	Dim sum palace close to the strip in a casino!  Very authentic, I heard that the casino hospitality president wanted to do a Chinese restaurant right so he got HK restauranteur Danny Leung Nhan and gave him considerable liberty and funding to repeat his successful formula.  That entailed stealing some talented Chinatown chefs to bring that authenticity which they aren't able to have otherwise.  So did it payoff? The Good:Shrimp hargow: Checkpork ribs: Check (Yum!)Sticky rice in lotus leaves: Check Rice noodle in shrimp: CheckFried tarot root cake: Check (Yum!)Egg custard tarts: Check (Yum!)Mistranslated menu: CheckThe Bad:The price (?): a little more than SGV or chinatown (though not much) but you should expect thatService: Really nice for the most part, except the hostess asked if I wanted a lunch menu and never came back with one though she did apologize after remembering 20 min later.  Also, they added jasmine tea to my bill then removed it after I told them I didn't order or receive any teaOverall a really impressive experience for a large Casino Chinese place, though I don't really mind driving to Chinatown and I hardly go or stay at the Rio so it's not that more convenient.  It was nice to see a place "get it" though to cater to their Chinese gambling clientele, and looking at the menu I'd come back again to try their seafood dinner.
4	Dim sum service had nice variety. Service was great. Usually go to Ping Pang Pong. This was a nice option also. Like them both but ambiance here is nicer and so are the people.
4	This is a pretty good place to go if your  craving Chinese food. I have been here for dim sum and dinner.Dimsum: selections are small compared to others dim sum places I have been too. The food was served from the carts, which is personally my favorite. The food was good and flavorful. Dinner. I ordered the fried rice with beef. Yummy! String beans:wowzers Fried tofu with shrimp: okay Chicken : can order whole or half. Pretty delicious. All the food came in a generous portion. The price for the food is expensive but it is the way it is bc its in a casino. Overall delicious
5	This is my favorite place to get dim sum in town.  I've only had their dim sum, so I can't comment on their regular menu.  The restaurant is very large, airy, and clean.  The dim sum menu is pretty extensive - I can't think of anything that I missed that they don't carry.  Sometimes you just have to wait for the cart to come around.  Every time we've gone, the food has been piping hot.  Service is excellent and much better than some other dim sum restaurants that I've been to.
5	Overall very good quality Chinese food. The service was very good (tell me another Chinese place that actually has people pouring your tea for you!!!). It took a while for our food to come out but it was worth the wait. We ate the corn soup (very delicious!) and we also got the seafood chow mein (so-so), the Kung pow chicken (the best dish of the night!), Mongolian beef (very good as well!), and the Chinese broccoli (lacking in oyster sauce but still good). The prices were what you would expect from a Chinese restaurant (overall we paid about $90 for five family style dishes). And the decor was nice! :) I would definitely come back~
5	After reading several positive feedback about this place, I decided to drag my husband and kids to KJ Dim Sum & Seafood. Service: service was excellent. several times the waitress/waiter came to our table to make sure that we were doing fine. they even poured my husband's hot green tea for him.Food: I fell in love with this place the second after tasting their mongolian beef. We also  ordered half a crispy duck, walnut shrimp (a must try...and my new fav dish!), shrimp balls and shu mai dim sum. They were so good!Price: We ordered 3 main course and a few dim sum and our total came out to $64.Overall--excellent service and delish food! The ambiance was very homey and relaxing--even with 3 small children! Will definitely come back again!
4	KJ was decent. We had Dim Sum here on a Saturday morning and it wasn't crowded at all. Typical Chinese Dim Sum dishes were ordered (Ha Gow, Siu Mai, chicken cfeet, Gin Duey....) The staff was nice and actually kind except  for this one incident. We asked what she had in her cart but she was too busy talking to another employee. I believe the other gal was the hostess. All 3 of us one by one asked her and she just ignored us. Too bad that happened because she was actually nice but was distracted. Not cool to ignore your patrons. Just saying.
4	Went there with a couple of my buddies today for lunch. Everything that we sampled from the cart was delicious, and the three of us waddled away from the table, stuffed to the point of pain, for only $36. I will DEFINITELY return.
1	Maybe they were having an off night, but if so it was a REALLY off night. There was nothing authentic about this place. Everything was bland and the textures were off. In fact, the only thing that had a flavor was the shrimp clay pot I ordered and that's only because the shrimp were spoiled! It was so disgusting I couldn't get the pungent taste of off seafood out of my mouth the rest of my night. I was so scared I'd spend the rest of my vacation with food poisoning I ran straight to the rooftop bar and immediately downed a huge shot of vodka and prayed that would sterilize what was undoubtedly festering in my stomach. I've had gas station food that was fresher than this. I know my dim sum and this stuff was not even close! Also the server was very rude. There are so many fantastic places to eat in Vegas, don't even bother with this health inspector's nightmare.
3	6 hr flight from NY and starving for lunch so what better way than to quench my hunger quickly then with Dim Sum, Hong Kong cart style. Problem is, food was just alright.As typical of cart style dim sum, your attacked as you sit and all at once your table is full with plates of dumplings, rice dishes, pork dishes and more.The food wasn't bad, just a wee bit too salty, a wee bit too greasy and wee bit too much too fast for my liking.Best of the meal was the Dat Tam dessert. Piping hot, sweet, creamy and a nice flaky crust. Worth a try if your in the mood but would not be my first stop next time.
4	They offer dim sum in mornings. Dim sum is pretty good. No wow factor but on vacation and dim sum when i wake up is a plus! Shu mai, chicken feet, shrimp ball, spare ribs! It was like chinatown in there. Everyone speaking chinese! It was so good me and the gf came back for dinner. Delicious. The fish with spicy salt is delicious. Also the clams with black bean sauce. Very good. Service is nice and extremely fast. So if u want some good chinese food in vegas, this is the spot!
5	New Favorite Dim Sum Spot in Las Vegas.....I have been to them all with my friends & colleagues and we all agree that KJ @ the Rio is by far has the best in LV now.  The quality and dim sum variety is awesome, the items are consistently hot & tasty  dim sum carts moving about with no lag time, great service, and beautiful restaurant.....the only down side would be the wait time on the weekends but since they are so good it is worth the wait!!!!
4	A great dim sum place near the strip at the Rio.  You can get here from the strip from the free shuttle bus from Bally's or simply take a cab.  Brightly lit, clean interior with great service too.  In my opinion the dim sum here rivals those of Seattle and San Francisco Chinatowns.  Even the tea (goke fah or chrysanthemum) was fragrant  and high quality.  Our total bill before tip came to about 70 for seven people, and we ordered lots.Some standout items included curry fish balls, sticky chicken rice, beef balls, Siu Mai, black bean spareribs, and fried bean curd filled with shrimp.  All of these items had just enough salt and weren't too oil - in fact all still had good texture.A minor miss is the beef chow fun.  Beef was seasoned well and there was plenty of "wok breath", but the chefs here sliced up the rice noodles.  Most of our group were used to llonger wide noodles, and I tend to agree - it would make the dish better.  Imagine eating pasta with spaghetti sliced up and you'll notice the difference!Still, extremely good quality to price ratio and authentic dim sum.  Service was great and the food does come out fast!
4	Don't Valet at the Rio! 45 minutes to get our car back!The Dim Sum was quite good, the best I've had so far in Vegas! The selection was a bit small, but what we ate was great!More reviews at http://www.TheVegasEvent.com
2	Went to this place in the Rio (not the one on Spring Mountain) for dinner. Pricing was high, but food was good tasting. Service kinda sucked though. Pretty much was ignored. Difficult to get drink refills. It was not the stereotypical "rude" wait staff, it was plain being ignored. I would give 4 stars for food quality itself, but price/value and being ignored gets a significant knockdown in my book. Think I'll go back to the original KJ on SpringMountain.
4	KJ Dim Sum & Seafood serves mouthwateringly good dim sum at a very competitive prices (S $2.28, M $3.18, L $3.98, SP $4.98).  The restaurant is large with high ceiling, which is nice and gave it a cavernous airy feeling. It is located right across from the Rio's Carnival Buffet, so if you paid too much attention to the line of people waiting for the buffet, you might have to bust a U-ey like I did earlier today.The dim sum selection is pretty vast.  They have all the usual popular dim sum items and some rare gems (highly recommend #32 Baked Salty Egg Yolk Cream Bun is a nice dessert to finish off your meal, but we also used it as our intermission break).The food were hot every time we ordered it off the dim sum cart and the servers were friendly and timely in refilling tea pots, getting us extra hot sauces and napkins, and clearing away empty plates.Overall, the food was good. Perhaps not as great as the top dim sum destinations up and down California. However, their Baked Salty Egg Yolk Cream Bun (it is so good I am mentioning it twice) with their golden liquidy center is reason enough for me to designate KJ Dim Sum & Seafood as my reigning Las Vegas dim sum spot.  (Review was based on dim sum experience only, but they do have a regular Chinese restaurant menu offering as well).Ambiance:  4/5  Airy, dining environment with pleasing decor.  Food:  4/5  Overall good. Value:  4/5  Competitively priced.Service:  4/5  No complaints.Parking:  4/5  Parking garage, valet at the Rio.  Might have to stalk some pedestrians back to their car when it is busy.Cleanliness:  4/5  Pretty clean.Solid 4 stars in my book.
5	whoever does not like this place is crazy. The best dim sum in town.
4	Dim sum is an art to be mastered. Not just the making of it, the timing on when to get there is important as well. Do not come to early because the all food might not be ready yet, do not come too late otherwise there might not be anything left. That sweet spot when it is busy enough for fresh turn over is the sweet spot. Around here, it is sometime between noon and 1:30. Beware of the flood gates. When you do come around the before mentioned time, the thongs of antsy Chinese people will bum rush the hostess stand. Get your number and back away slowly. No one needs to get hurt. Stand too close to the podium and you will get stampeded. It is hard to go wrong when you come with a group of eight people, load up the lazy susan and still walk away with a relatively small bill. The food is good and was steaming hot when it hit the table. The taste was some of the best in town. The only complaint is that they ran out of so many dishes. By the end of our lunch, the meager pickings would not satisfy the avid dim sum goer. The food: all the classics are solid. Har gow, shu mai, chicken feet, veggies in bean curd wrappers, pan fried noodles, and veggies sauteed with garlic are all tasty. The desserts are the star here. We were warned to save room for all the sweet treats. In the end, half of them were out and we were disappointed. No sesame balls, no soft bean curd, only eight sad faces. Like Tony T. mentioned, the Baked Salty Egg Yolk Cream Bun is worth mentioning.
4	The restaurant is large, which is nice. It is located right across from the Rio's Carnival Buffet. The Dim Sum was quite good, the best I've had so far in Vegas. Not too expensive.
4	My new obsession for this place can be equated to these words: Baked Salty Egg Yolk Cream Bun. When I went to KJ for the second time in about a week with a friend, my husband made me get three orders of the mouth watering treat to go. He said don't bother coming home without it. True story.KJ Dim Sum is located in Rio, across from the Carnival World Buffet. Tip: Prime parking is if you turn on Valley View, there is a parking lot and garage that is MUCH closer than if you enter through the main entrance.The restaurant is large and can accommodate large groups. Just be prepared for a wait if you go during prime hours. The wait staff is good. They kept checking that our tea pot was full every few minutes.They have a great selection of dim sum, a lot of the usual that I get in other dim sum places in town. Surprisingly, the prices are very good for being in a casino. I wish I knew the names of the items I love... I just point to whatever looks good! I love this fried seafood ball that comes with a mayo dipping sauce. Their shu mai is also very tasty. But like Tony T. said twice, and I will also mention two more times, the Baked Salty Egg Yolk Cream Bun will win you over!
4	The real deal and not expensive if you stick to the carts.  For good grub in a major (well, big and sorta old) casino, it's a great deal if you're hungry.  I'd come just for the excellent egg custards and tea even if I wasn't.  Sui mai, bean curd, shrimp noodle-- all the favorites-- were well prepared.  Spare ribs weren't great but weren't bad either.  For folks that don't know, menu items and anything on a tray usually cost more at dim sum places, so stick to the carts-- they're frequent and well-stocked.  Also, know that dim sum is not veggie friendly and probably not good for you at all unless you just want a huge plate of Chinese broccoli.  Once that's established, bring your friends and expect to be well full for $12.
4	The servers here stand near your table and anything you need they are ON IT!! It's a lot different from their first spot, obviously because this one is inside of a casino. Both places serve delicious food but I think I would stick with the original place because it's CHEAPER and just as good.
1	Ate there Saturday, March 16th - 13. Checked yelp for reviews - all good. I did not have that experience. I found the offerings bland and uninspired as well as very expensive for dim sum. When I asked for Saracha sauce - a staple item in dim sum restaurants, they told me they didn't have any. I asked for whatever hot sauce they had - they had none. The food - stir fried rice noodle and cabbage - flavorless. Pressed and fried shrimp and pork dumplings - flavorless. Chinese Broccoli - cooked perfectly. Bill for these three items - $23 - all cart items. I'm not new to dim sum - have it once a month for years. This was the worst excuse I've experienced.I should note that the service was excellent and friendly. This is a management issue.
4	Not bad for a non-SoCal location! The prices are similar to the places in Southern California and really weren't marked up like most places in Vegas. The dim sum was decent for the most part, some of the classics needed some work, but not bad at all.
4	AWESOME DIM SUM!!!! Good price and amazing selection. My only complaint is that it's a mystery at times what you are getting as some of the server's are not good with speaking english. Maybe some pics with explanations would help. I highly recommend eating here.
1	If someone think that their dim sums are actually good and tasty, then we have a serious palate issue... This is awful! I felt like I was eating a dim sum out of a frozen box. I have traveled through China and I know what a good dim sum tastes like, this is not it my friends!Then had the Peking ribs, which resembled to fat and bony pieces of pork drowning into a sweet and sour sauce. Ridiculous! Sorry, but if you want really good Chinese food, this is NOT the place!!!
5	Great service - prompt, friendly, knowledgeable.  Delicious food - authentic.  Dim sum is all very yummy!
1	Horrible waitress, horrible management (as in there seems to be only one manager that does not work a full day so I haven't been able to contact him from 3PM-7PM to report the problem.)  I ordered the lobster egg rolls.  Waited 15 minutes before (I think) waitress told me they were out of lobster egg rolls (not exactly sure what the reason was her  English wasn't great..but she blamed the chef.)  My partner was almost finished eating his mongolian beef meal by that time.  My vegetable order- which was placed less than 3 minutes after my partner placed his Mongolian beef order- was also delivered 15 minutes after he was served (again she blamed the chef.).  The final nail on the coffin was I asked a half an hour before my check came to have a mango pudding saved for my dessert. The pudding was on the dim sum menu which ended at 3PM.  Waitress said she would save one.  Then half an hour later I was given the check with no mango pudding.  Had to track down the waitress who said she was already over her shift time and was supposed to leave at 3PM and she said she was told pudding was sold out. I asked her why she didn't save me one as she had promised and she just made excuse after excuse that everything was the chef''s fault and not hers. She didn't want to pull one until I was finished with my meal.  I wasn't offered any discount for the lousy service.  I was told the manager leaves at 3PM for me to make complaints and it was 3:15 at that time. It is now dinnertime and I have again been told the manager isn't there and to call back tomorrow.  Although my baby bok choy in garlic sauce was delicious, both the spring rolls I had substituted for the lobster rolls and my partner's mongolian beef were awful.  The beef was very chewy. The only thing great about the place was the ambience which is much better than KJs original restaurant on Spring Mountain Rd.  Same bad, uncaring  service though. Save yourself the stress.  If you are not Asian and can't speak or understand their lingo it's nothing but frustrating.  Only one person there spoke English well enough to understand and he was outta there by 3PM.
4	So far the best dim sum we've enjoyed in Vegas but still nothing close to what we've been spoiled with in LA and SF.  Located in the Rio, the decor is much nicer than Ping Pang Pong, Chang's, or Cathay.Dumplings, pastries, noodle dishes, and rice dishes are pretty large and tasty.  My only real complaint is their hot sauce.  They only offer one type and its not the chili oil type.  It's not quite as spicy which is a problem for somebody who likes a kick!!We've been here several times and it's our first choice for local dim sum.  However, we'd be quick to change if a new spot opened in town.
4	For a little over $40, Earl and I enjoyed a delicious dim sum lunch, and some food leftover for breakfast the next day.The servers were attentive, and the cart ladies were not pushy and remembered our turnip cake order.  We got there at 11:50ish on a Sunday, and we only waited for 10 mins before we got our table.  Within 10 minutes later, there was an ocean of people that came in and had to wait. We ordered all of our usual items and they were very good.  KJ will be our go to when we want some delicious dim sum.
4	You'll find all your dim sum favorites here so never fear! I find that other places lack certain things like the fried taro, fried shrimp balls, sticky rice, and the steamed tofu wrap filled with chicken. Prepare yourself for an MSG-induced food coma because this meal will knock you out no matter how much tea you knock back.Of course, given that they're located inside a casino, their prices are higher than a typical dim sum. Their spacious dining area is clean and decorated well, yet still has the atmosphere and buzz of a traditional Chinese restaurant. With all the waiters and pushcart ladies quickly making their rounds, their service runs as smooth as the wheels on the metal carts. Be sure to park on the west side of the Rio so the waddle back to the car is shorter!Though it's a tad more expensive than usual, the scrumptious food and tip-top service solidify its claim on the best dim sum in Vegas in my book. Now if you'll excuse me, it's time for me and my happily full stomach to rest and digest.
2	Come here if you want terrible service. Food is decent but the service and quality of people working here is ridiculous.
5	You ever have the problem of finding nothing but oil filled dim sum? I did until I was introduced to this magical place.I grew up on dim sum as a kid, so you could say I'm a connoisseur of the sort. Not only does this place have the classic dishes (i.e. shumai, spare ribs, etc.) but they offer a variety of dumplings I've never come across.Items to try:1] steamed scallop & mushroom dumplings2] panfried pork, mushroom & spinach mini pancake looking things3] steamed veggie dumplingsHave at it at this place! I know I always do.
4	There is something very comforting about dim sum... it's fast, it's cheap, it's warm and savory and it gives you the same freedom of variety as tapas does.  I love dim sum, and I have been used to the best in Manila because of our proximity with China.  But when we moved here to Vegas, it's been quite a challenge looking for good dim sum.  Thanks to the suggestion of a dear friend, we've decided to give it a go.  The first thing you immediately notice is the vibrancy of the place.  High ceilings, uncrowded tables, red walls, soft lighting and very clean/crisp table cloths.  So often you see dim sum places pay little attention to details. (The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)  We came early thinking to avoid the crazy rush hour which we did, but unfortunately could not order anything off the dim sum menu since the chef arrives at 11:15am.  Make sure you go after that time of you want to enjoy their fried rice, noodles or other entrees.  But you will have plenty to choose from the dim sum carts whizzing by - from congee/rice porridge with century egg, silken tofu, fried shrimp wantons, egg custards, taro cakes, pork buns and dumplings.  Our favorites were the steamed pork buns, hargaw or shrimp dumplings and the sweet spare ribs.  They tasted like they were all freshly made and although they still do not quite compare to the stuff we grew up with, esp from Binondo (Chinatown)... they are the best dim sum I've had so far in Vegas.If I had one small quibble, it's that the soy sauce in their Kikkoman jars did not taste like Kikkoman.  Heh.
4	We've tried some dim sum spots in Las Vegas and KJ at the Rio is our favorite. It still doesn't top what we're used to 2,500 miles away in NYC's Chinatown, but it's close enough and satisfies our appetite.They have a good variety of dim sum and it's served hot like it should be. The soup dumplings are one of the best items, though this past Saturday they weren't very tasty. Maybe just a bad batch? Other favorites are the sesame balls, egg custard tarts, taro buns, pan-fried chive dumplings, and dumplings with peanuts inside. I wish they had sticky rice, the kind *not* wrapped in a leaf. We tend to go early to beat the crowds, so I'm sure we might be missing out on some variety that tends to come out later as mentioned by other Yelpers.What makes it stand out for us is the restaurant is clean, stroller friendly, and the cart ladies are nice, unlike NYC! I guess some might consider that part of the experience but I'm over it. There's always a lot of Chinese patrons, always a good sign.We haven't tried enough of the regular menu to comment on it yet, but I've had the beef pan-fried noodles and they were excellent!Some things I don't like are how they charge for tea. Getting your check added up can take a while. We just walk it up to the back desk ourselves and pay there.Chinese food is generally supposed to be cheap, so when I see outrageous prices at Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas (for example: bowl of won ton noodle soup in NYC - $5, Vegas Strip - $15!) it makes me nuts. KJ is a little pricey but worth it since it's currently the best place in town for dim sum.
3	A little bit of China inside Vegas, at the Rio. Peking Duck, don't ever forget the bun and hoisin sauce. Watch out for the market price on seafood. Our party of nine split a crab for $202.50 although it was a mighty full size crab and quite beautiful in presentation. High rollers and authentic Chinese tourists will dig the regular and special menu. It still doesn't beat the wonders of Monterrey Park, however. #crabbywhiteguy
2	The food was tasty & much fresher than I expected. I was also surprised to see that our party of 6 could be seated right away considering we were there on a holiday weekend during peak dinner hours.However, what really bothered me was how scatter brained the wait staff was. The table next to us was waiting most of their meal for their order of fried rice to come out. So much so that when we got our order, they thought that it was their order (so did we...and even the waiter wasn't sure so he had to go back and check). We also asked for our sweet & sour soup to come out first (as it should) and yet it came out 2nd and only after we asked our waitress where it was. This just seemed to be the place's MO. On several occasions we saw servers come up to our & others' tables with food in their hand not sure if they were to put them down or bring them to a different table. If the are able to straighten this out, this restaurant would be a great place to check out while at the Rio. However, until then, if I want some good Chinese food, I'll just drive down the street a bit & visit Vegas' Chinatown.
2	The ambiance is nice and welcoming. The  food was good but the service was really slow and the waiters never really checked up on you to see if you needed a refill for your beverage . It took forever to get a hold of someone for that. It also seems that they need more food carts because all of the tables around me was waiting for their food also.
3	Ok, my main issue with this place is that the words Dim Sum are in the name!   Every time i have been here, they don't serve dim sum!    That is enough to get 1 star less from me.    I did very much enjoy the food that I did get, and I felt the service was good.   Prices were a bit high, but it is Vegas.     steamed dumplings.  Very good.         Roasted Duck I ordered both times I was there.  Very tasty.     Sweet n Sour Pork, was good, but I have had better.FYI....They don't serve rice with your dishes, you have to order/pay for it separate.
5	I went here with a family member. We were at the Rio to see the MJ Live show and asked the box office person to recommend a good place to eat. He said he had just discovered this restaurant was at the hotel and said they had amazing Dim Sum. It is rather hard to see although it is right across from the entrance to the World Buffet. It seems to get dwarfed by it's surroundings. If there is one issue with this place I would have to say it's in the communications area.We asked how the Dim Sum came since the menu did not say if it was priced per piece, two pieces,etc. The current waiter ( we saw three total in a little under an hour) then told us Dim Sum is only served until 3 PM ( maybe they should change the name of the restaurant !) We decided we would just order something else. The menu is quite extensive. We landed on Mushu Chicken appetizer and Shrimp Pan Fried noodles. Waiter #3 came back and asked if we wanted the Pan Fried Noodles Cantonese style...crispy dry noodles on bottom and sauce on top? I said yes, that's the way I like it.The Mushu came out very quickly. It was love at first bite. I can honestly say it was the best tasting Mushu I have ever had. Flavors were perfectly balanced, sauce was light and both the meat and veggies tasted fresh. A delight! Waiter #3 returned to ask if I was sure that's how we wanted the Pan Fried Noodles reminding me it was dry at the bottom and sauce on top...I said I was sure. Then he came back one more time to ask if we needed silverware...we said no, we are fine with chopsticks.The Pan Fried Noodles came out rather readily thereafter. They were wonderful as well. The noodles were tasty,slightly browned on the bottom and crispy throughout until the top sauce softened them. The sauce was again perfectly balanced in flavors and very light. We told the waiter that everything was really good and he nodded politely. They are not big conversationalists here but are quiet and polite. Either way, the food was superb. I heard quite a bit of yelling in the kitchen and they seemed to be well staffed with servers and runners and it did look like maybe they were putting forth managerial effort to keep the kitchen from getting backed up. There were a lot of Asian diners and I believe the wait staff is trying to make sure that non-Asians know what they are getting. Some people are upset if it not like American take out Chinese food...and it's not...much more authentic...and it is really good...and I will definitely return.
5	My friends recommended KJ restaurant on Spring Mountain to me for dinner which I love.  Then I heard that KJ had opened a dimsum restaurant inside Rio.  I tried it and I love it too.  I am from Hong Kong so I grew up with dimsum.  This restaurant is very authentic and has a good variety of choices.  The restaurant is very spacious and clean and allows the dimsum carts to roll by you without bumping into anything or anyone.  The dishes are always hot, which is extremely important.  I have been to other dimsum places in las vegas but after I went to KJ, I wouldn't go back to the others.  KJ is the one for dimsum in las vegas !
5	My new go-to dim sum joint!Depending on what time you go on the weekends, there might be a wait. I've never waited for more than 15 minutes. The staff there are all on top of their tea-refilling and bussing of the dirty dishes tasks. I never had an empty tea pot or an empty dim sum tin for too long. The food is awesome and the prices are competitive to the other restaurants on Spring Mountain. Order the pork sui mai, beef rice rolls, egg custard tarts, pork spareribs, and the XLB. This restaurant had carts that roll around but since the restaurant is so big I always have an anxiety when they get to me, they would run out of the dish I want. Not to be afraid though because I found out that you can ask for specific items and they will get off the cart for you!
3	Located in the RIO hotel and casino.  Its a traditional Dim sum restaurant.  They only serve the dim sun from noon till 3pm so get there quick.  If they run out of something, they won't make more.  The dim sum was good and a little sweeter than the dim sum I am used to where I am from, but still good.  The staff and service were exactly like every other dim sum place, so don't be upset if they arent up your rear ends the entire time.  A simple raised hand will suffice and they will be over right away.
5	Good food.    Dim sum is awesome.   Dinner is also very authentic.   Can tell they used very little msg.  Of course their price is a little high being inside a casino.
4	This is the place for Dim Sum.  We come as a family and we all leave happy after a good meal.
1	i usually go to eat dim sum on Decatur of las vegas, and the reason i come to this restaurant is a lot of people tell me they have the best dim sum in las vegas.first, i don't make any common on the taste of food, because since i start to eat dim sum, i think every dim sum restaurant make the food same on taste. i  didn't eat any dim sum that is bad on taste, i also didn't eat any dim sum that is perfect.i wont say don't go this restaurant to someone, but i will not suggest this restaurant. their service is too f**king slow. i am OK if a popular restaurant get a little bit slow. but if a restaurant can make me mad because they sooooo slow, then they do have big problem on their management.  if you have eaten dim sum, you know every serve is a little tapas style plate, you don't eat a lot on on plate. i started to eat at this kj restaurant at 10:30, and i f**king only ate got 4 plate in 2 and half hours!!!!!!!! finally, i asked the server if they can order my food for me, they say, go check the food cart, but where is the f**king food cart.!!! i finally take the to go, because i cant sit at here any more.
3	Dim sum is my go to hangover cure, and I'm writing this review after stuffing my face and feeling considerably better, cured by the healing properties of salt, fat and a lot of green tea. Nice big room, buzzy vibe (11am - perfect timing) and food is generally ok. The cart ladies are great (more friendly than average) but had to flag down miserable waiter for tea which took quite some time (c'mon guys, its all about the tea!), so minus a few stars.
3	Good Dim Sum joint in the Rio casino.  Wait time could be an issue since it seems to be popular.  Hospitality is below average here.  Servers are not really friendly and try to push everything.  They don't know how to explain what's in the dishes either.  Depending where you sit, you may never get some of the popular items since they are gone on the first several tables.  However, the Dim Sum is pretty good and the meals I've had were relatively cheap.
4	You know what, it's decent Dim Sum.  It'd actually be the best Dim Sum place in all of San Diego if this place existed in San Diego (that says more about how crappy san diego dimsum is though). Had all the standards..XLB, cha siu bao, shrimp har gow, siu mai, etc.   They had a decent juk as well.  Overall not too bad.  I wish I could recalibrate all my ratings, but honestly, this place was ok. This is probably a 4 to me by San Diego standards (even though this is vegas... this is definitely a 3 star place by LA standards)
1	Wanted to check this place out for dinner because I heard their food was really good. Our party of 7 walked out of the place after waiting 30mins for service. No one came over to check on us! No tea!!! No water!!! No drinks!!! It was about 5pm and the place wasn't busy at all. There were 5 other tables with people in them besides ours. The staff paid more attention to cleaning and setting up tables than waiting on the guests. My husband kept trying to wave at them to get their attention. I'm pretty sure 2 servers saw him, and we still didn't get service! Then an older couple came to the restaurant and got seated and 2mins later a server was getting their order. We still don't know why they didn't come to our table. -.-
5	I like this place a lot. I normally never eat at a casino but when my mom brought me here for the first time, it's the only place ill eat dim sum at now. Sometimes the service is quite slow and you don't get any carts to come to your table. There's been a few times where the items I want is not available at the time I go which is fine cause there are other dishes. Pricing is about the same as restaurants off the strip. Just make sure to double check your bill at the end. Last time my mom got someone else's bill because the waiter gave our bill to someone else and they wanted us to pay for their bill but their bill was more expensive than what they actually ate.
4	I get to know about this restaurant from local Las Vegas Chinese restaurant waiter. She told me when I visited the restaurant that Rio dimsum is the best in Vegas. Ii have not gotten so much luck with dimsum in LV. We used to go to seafood harbour in Speing Mountain but after today visit, I'd start going to KJ dimsum because it is so much better (tastier, fresher and better service).This restaurant used dimsum cart that made it more traditional feeling. I quickly grab the traditional dimsum like BBQ pork bun, siew may, ha kao, chicken feet and spare ribs. Cooking dimsum spare ribs and chicken feet are few of the more complex task and this restaurant did well. Overall it is delicious ... I added extra portion on chicken feet as a result.The porridge is good and tasty as well.Their chilli sauce is rather unique (unusual than the normal Chinese chilli oil), but it tastes good.The service is VERY good, as our request is executed flawlessly and timely. The only opportunity of improvement is in the variety of the food, few we need to order separately.
5	Not quite better than the best dim sum restaurant in Chinese enclaves. Used to go to Changs, Cathay, then Ping Pang Pong for a while, until KJ at Rio opened. I heard there is a new one at the Palms which I have yet to try. Food is always hot here. The tripe is soft and not chewy. All the basics look perfect, never sitting too long, and always soft, no stale edges. This might sound stupid but I love this place because they are nice to my girlfriend who is American and not Chinese and they don't bring the forks anymore. We like to sit by the kitchen door.I read reviews on here about service. Never eaten dinner time here but who needs service for dim sum. Bring tea, that's it. In China we have to get up and get our own dim sum, no carts.
4	After eaten at most Dim Sum joints in Vegas, KJ at Rio was definitely one of the better Dim Sum ventures in town.  For travelers like me, the logistic was convenience from the Strip, and the hotel was less rundown than triple P one block west.  The interior beautifully decorated in a big dining area with different sizes of table in column formation.  They got about four different TV on the wall playing sports and Chinese dramas on mute.For Dim Sum, they got the flavor right with carts flying all over the place, they do seems a bit lacking on the grill stuff, and they are using metal baskets instead of bamboo, which retains excessive water in the dim sum.  However, quality wise still decent for what they got in this town, definitely cannot compare with California level.They open until 2am, but they do not seem to have any late night special after 9-10pm like most locations in town.  Regular dinner was ok, nothing exciting about it.  We got some Black Bean Beef Chow Fun and a Seafood Tofu Pot.  Both were very good compare to my home state, but just ok if you use Vegas standard.  The bill came to about $50.KJ Dim Sum at Rio was a solid Dim Sum place with some flaw for their dinner.  I would still come here again for Dim Sum brunch, and probably not dinner.
5	Hands down the best trolley served dim sum in Las Vegas even better quality than some places in Hong Kong.  I'm used to dimsum at Maxims City Hall Central Hong Kong and this is on par. Fresh and flavorful in an attractive and comfortable environment.  Did I mention its much cheaper than Hong Kong and great value for money . I wish the fried items were a bit crispier but when I mentioned this the manager promptly apologized and took it off my bill .  Really a great experience friendly service too.   Las Vegas
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Lack of booths. Not as much of a selection offered in carts (though you can order it from the kitchen).LIKE  The classier atmosphere (than most dim sum restaurants). The cart attendants were friendlier than your average dim sum server. The Shrimp in Rice Noodles. The Sticky Rice in Lotus Leaves had egg yolk. The Pineapple Buns. The Har Gow. The Scallop Dumplings.LOVE  Nothing.
2	The food is still good...but the service is atrocious.  We went for dimsum on a late Sunday morning (11am) and the restaurant was 1/4 full.  We asked our server for some tea, hot sauce, hot mustard, soy sauce, and ice water...but he left halfway through our order and we were yelling at him as he was walking away from us.  He didn't even turn around to acknowledge us as he was waking away!!!I've been to my share of dim sum restaurants around the world, from Hong Kong, NYC, SF, and LA, so I get that good service isn't considered to be important to most operators...especially to non-Chinese customers.  However, being in the Rio Casino, I would think that KJ would make more of an effort to elevate their level of service.  At the least, I would think that the Rio would demand a minimum level of service standards to uphold their rating as a top level hotel.  KJ fails in the level of service, but there aren't many dimsum restaurants in town to compete with so they probably get away with it.  It's disappointing but hopefully somebody else decides to open up a dimsum spot that provides the same level of food but focuses on a higher caliber of service than that found at KJ.
3	Both the Shu Mai and Ha Gow had a very strange taste, not bad, just different from the norm. Nice place to eat, give it a shot.
1	Do not come here!!!! The worstttt service EVER!!! They charge you for freaking tea!? We had 6 people and it was $6 for tea. Wtf is that!? If I could give 0 stars, I definitely would! They do not care about their customers. We didn't get to eat much because no one came around to serve us. Avoid this horrible dim sum place. Their food isn't even good either. STAY AWAY!
4	Authentic dim sum, reasonably priced. Food service excellent, getting the check was a bit slower and never received water to drink. Overall great place though.
5	Excellent food. Salt & Pepper shrimp is very good here. Also enjoyed  fried rice and kp chicken!!!!
4	Yay for Dim Sum! We were pretty excited. Both myself and my friend were on the hunt for good Dim Sum, having eaten it in SF and NYC. So, after asking for suggestions, I decided it was time to give KJ a whirl.We were seated immediately and offered beverages (water and hot tea). The carts were slow to visit our table, but it was forgiven after I finally got some food in my belly. It was a bit difficult to understand the employees describing items, but fortunately I knew what I wanted. It did create an issue when I asked questions or requested specific items and I received the wrong information or wrong items. I asked three times if the cart had TURNIP Cake and I was given Taro Cake without realizing it. I asked for Shrimp Shumai, but I was given Shrimp Ha Gao. I asked for Char Siu Bao and I got a confused look. It felt like they weren't even listening or attempting.Anyway, we really enjoyed the Char Siu Bao, Shanghai Dumplings, Shrimp Ha Gao, Fried Shrimp Wanton, Turnip Cake, Beef Rice Noodle, Chow Mein, and Baked Salty Egg Yolk Cream Bun. They were all SO, SO delicious. Extremely filling, but I could've just kept eating.The prices are wonderful as well and just such a fun atmosphere. I love small plates type of eating, no matter the cuisine. Yum! I would highly recommend the dishes above and go with at least three people since most of the plates have 3-4 pieces. Also, you're able to try even more!
5	The dim sum here was delicious.  They have a special chile sauce that compliments the food well.   There is no need for soy sauce since everything is already very flavorful on its own.  All of the great dim sum places we have been to (in the US and in other countries) don't have soy sauce on the table when you are seated.  In fact, they get quite offended when you ask for soy sauce.  We will definitely be back next time we are in town.
4	Definitely in my top 2 of favorite dim sum list. This is located near the Carnival World Buffet inside Rio so take that into consideration when parking. We ended up parking on the opposite end. It's busy here but we only waited 10 minutes to get a table (on a  weekend). This has got to be nicest, fanciest and cleanest dim sum restaurant I've been to.There were carts that would pass by every 5 minutes. I didn't see my favorite dim sum items though like the roast pork and deep-fried minced pork/beef dumplings. We were there for at least an hour so, I doubt we missed it.We got har gow, siumai, chicken feet (I don't eat feet of any animal), roast duck, shrimp wontons, baked cha siu bao, steamed cha siu bao (BBQ pork buns), crispy shrimp roll, salt and pepper shrimps, egg custard, shrimp balls, calamari and sweet tofu. My favorites were: roast duck, shrimp balls and sweet tofu - they have the best version of these dishes in town. I've had sweet tofu that has a strong ginger flavor...KJ's version is just right.Gimme sum dim sum!
4	I thought I researched this place adequately beforehand, but I totally messed up--dim sum is only served during the day!  At night, the restaurant only serves a very small (8 items) dim sum menu.  It almost broke my heart.Even so, we still had a great dinner.  Very authentic Chinese menu.  We loved EVERYTHING we ordered off the dim sum menu, and since each item is served with 3 to 4 pieces, we made some repeat orders of our favorite things.  Great food, attentive service, great prices!
4	My first real dim sum experience was just the other day at KJ Dim Sum and Seafood.  I must have looked lost to everybody I was with.  I didn't know what was going on.  I sat down with a group and the next thing I know the table was filling up with little tins of food.  It all looked great but I did not know what most anything was.  Luckily I was with people who did.  They were telling me what everything was and translating some for me.  I am not even going to tell you what I had by name because I honestly don't know and don't want to insult those who do.  I can tell you that everything was very good.  There were so many little dumplings each with their own uniqueness.  I tried one with mushrooms, one with pork, one with soup.  There were buns with BBQ pork.  Some sort of muffin filled with custard.  Beef and/or shrimp wrapped in noodle sheets and topped with soy.  It was all so overwhelming and delicious.  I would love to go back but I fear I would be just as lost as before without the help of my Yelp friends who made this a fun experience.
1	Walked in to see two tables in the restaurant sat. Hostess walked my friend and I to our table, took our drink order (hot tea and water) and waked away. A young guy brings us our tea and water and says our waitress will be back to take our order (we were ready with our dim sum order). 20 MINUTES later after flagging down the hostess (seated at another table ignoring us) and "drinks only guy" we walked after getting no service at all, we walked out. I stress the only other tables had finished eating, the other just got their food.
5	We thought we were disappointed because we missed the Dim Sum serving hours but we decided to order Chinese off the menu and were really surprised at how excellent the food was.  This was the best meal we had in Vegas.  Highly recommended.  Try the Chicken and Ginger.  You won't be disappointed!
1	Go to Orchids.This place is not good.The worst: cold eggrolls and greens. Had to ask for them to be reheated????Had to beg for napkins.We ordered chow mein and they burned it.Then they charge for tea, very unusual for dim sum restaurant, and especially concering when you don't order or drink it and it mysteriously appears on the bill.Plase save you time and money and go to orchids. Farther drive but well worth it.
3	Every time I go to vegas to visit my mom, it always ends with dinner at the other KJ location.When I came to visit again and only had time for lunch, I was surprised when she asked me to meet her at the KJ located in the Rio for dim sum.Surprisingly, the Dim Sum here was not bad. A bit pricey, but decent.They have all the regular selections: hai gow, shu mai, lotus wraps, shrimp noodle, chicken feet, spareribs etc.The portion sizes were comparable to most dim sum places and the ladies pushing the carts came by frequently.It's definitely not up to par to the dim sum in LA/SGV or SF...but for vegas, I have nothing to complain about.With a table of 9 people, the bill came out to be a little over $100 and we were all stuffed.I only wish that they had a bigger selection than the usual and standard fare. I guess they covered all the basics. Decent food. Good service. Comparable prices. Nice alternative to Pho.
5	5 star dim sum in my book!There were some "BEST-Ive-had" dim sum items here!For example, the Roast Duck. Easily the best I've had at dim sum! Skin was crispy, meat was tender and flavorful. Awesome!  You can find better if you look REALLY hard in Chinatown, but for dim sum, there has been no close second!The Fried Shrimp Balls. These were easily the BEST I've had! I really don't know how they get ALL that flavor inside, but they are awesome!  Seriously, I have NEVER ordered items to take to-go...usually dim sum is oily and gross reheated....THIS was my first time, and surprisingly, they were actually good the second time around too LOL!Salt and Pepper Squid. Another winner! This was soo good...so much flavor here, and much better than the shimp version!  If you like this kind of dish, do yourself a favor and order it :PShu Mai. This was very tasty and better than the others I've had before. Lots of flavor in the shrimp!  Cha Siu Bao. These were tasty, but very small compared to all the others I've had before. Still one of my favorites! Egg Custard Buns...So good!  Again, very small portions, but they pack tons of flavor inside! This version was a little more "runny" inside than most. And remember to finish off with the Sweet Tofu! It is a tasty rendition here :)Got a new favorite in town!Pics :
4	My last night in Vegas started with dinner at KJ Dim Sum. It was absolutely amazing but the service was a little rocky. Not enough though to steer anyone from the experience. I will eat there again.
1	NO STARS ACTUALLY!!!   DO NOT COME HERE FOR DIM SUM!!!!  I REPEAT...DO NOT!  My family and I frequent this place regularly for dim sum.  But yesterday was the last and dual final time I will be coming here.  1st - they now charge $1 per person for tea, which normally I wouldn't mind, I understand tea gets expensive and can add up.  But the jasmine tea tasted like hot water with a hint of color to it, no Jasmine taste what so ever. Service is slow and servers all looked unhappy. I'm Chinese, and trust me I'm used to Asian restaurants with bad or no service, it just comes with dining at an Asian restaurant. Especially Chinese.  But this has got to be the worst I've had in a long time. Sat down, was asked what kind of tea would you like. Not aware $1 per person. I ordered the stream rice rolls with cilantro n green onion with the server.  15 minutes went by, not a single food cart. Entire restaurant 4 carts, steam cart, congee cart, miscellaneous food,  and Chinese broccoli cart.  The ladies were pushing them like the wheels were broken or something!  Finally the stream cart came by. We ordered 8 dishes my Mom, boyfriend, n myself) figured we load up since it took so long.  The same cart with the same food came by 3 times after that, no new items.  I asked for steamed tripe, and shrimp rice rolls and she looked around at the other carts and said "I don't have it."  I finally get my order of cilantro and green onion rice roll, only to see a plan ol' plate of steam rolls, no herb. I told the lady I wanted cilantro n green onion. She walked up to the waitress that I placed my order with and told her next time not to write the word white in the order, white means plan. The waitress then comes over to the table and says, "the lady just started working a few days ago so she made the mistake. We have to make your another one."  In the meantime, no other carts came by but the 4 carts that had nothing that sparked my interest. Asked for egg custard tarts, nothing. Not a single one to be found. As time pasted, I got more and more frustrated as I watched the lady bring out cilantro green onion rice rolls to all the other tables that were seated AFTER us!  The table next to us had 5 orders of egg tarts delivered to their table.  So I decided to place one order and ask for the check...we were fed up at this point. The waitress took the check to tally up and added the order of egg custard to the bill.  She came back and said 15 minutes wait for the egg tarts.  So damn frustrated I said NO!  I can't wait anymore, I have to leave now (by now it's 90 minutes).  She walked away, went up to the cashier, came back n said ok 6 minutes ok because she already added the tarts on your bill.  I finally said fine and agreed.  15 minutes later...no tart in sight and the waitress kept dodging our table because she knew I was trying to get her attention.  Finally got her attention and she went to get them. I felt played for a fool.  $50 later and we were all still some what hungry. Because of this almost 2 hour lunch, I was almost late to work.  NEVER EVER EVER AGAIN!!!!!!!
1	Oh man.  I would not want to go back here again... where do I begin?$1 charge/person for tea... that's actually average so I didn't dock points for that.Food...  sigh.  This is where the problem is.  Being Asian and knowing what dim sum is supposed to taste like... sigh.  There were a lot of Asians in here (Asians, not Asian-Americans... yes, I mean fobs :P)... but that's probably because they were craving food from the motherland.The shu mai... bland, small, and the texture was just kind of weird.   Rather than small chunks of shrimp/pork... it was like they just threw pork and shrimp in and processed it together...The chicken feet was not bad.  But it wasn't as soft as I like.  Maybe that's a preferential thing.  It felt like it wasn't that fresh.  Maybe that was the problem with the texture.Spare ribs with black beans.  Again, flavorless.  It was the typical meat:fat ratio you get at most cheap dim sum restaurants (read: cheap, high fat, low in meat).  But again, the meat itself was very bland.My buddies had the rice noodle wrapped in shrimp, i opted to just try the rice noodle wrapped in bbq pork.  The rice noodles weren't bad, but the meat... lets just say I think the meat:fat ratio was again off (read: STOP FEEDING ME SO MUCH FAT!!!)  This was also very flavorless.We got the bbq pork buns.  My buddies did not seem to enjoy that either... and they eat anything.To sum it up:  I think this restaurant was catered towards non-Asians.  Food lacked bold Asian flavors typically savored and it was a huge disappointment.  I think the dim sum that they offer in the Rio World Buffet would've more satisfied my craving.  And no, I'm not exaggerating on that.
4	My wife and I were a bit apprehensive before going to KJs because of some of the lower-star reviews posted.  Many of those reviews seemed to be based more on the staff than on the food, quality, or quantity.   My wife and I were greeted and seated within 30 seconds of arriving.  Tea was offered and brought to our table in under one minute.  We did have to request water, but refills were automatic and timely.  Multiple carts were always in motion and accessible.  The english of the wait staff was a bit difficult to understand, but it added to the ambience (and was much better than my Mandarin or Cantonese). Staff smiled, made recommendations and remained friendly throughout the meal.  Prices were based on food portions, small medium or large, ranged from $2-5.  Overall, very reasonable.  Favorites were any of the dumplings, shrimp, pork or chicken and the pork stuffed sticky buns followed by the sweet tofu dessert.  We left, completely stuffed like good Americans, for a total bill of $42.  Highly recommended.
3	Before heading off our separate ways home, my friends and I decided to have some breakfast. After eating at too many buffets over the weekend, we went with a controlled portion breakfast.My friend suggested that we eat at his favorite dim sum spot. Apparently, when we got here, he wasn't the only one who thought  this was his favorite dim sum spot in Vegas. Our party consisted of 11 (10 adults and 1 toddler). We were early enough to get seated right away. This place reminded of some dim sum spots back in the Bay Area, but on a smaller scale. Waiters still pushed carts from table to table up selling items we wanted or to pass up. Our table came to order the following dishes:- Pork siu mai - Calamari- Chinese broccoli- Pan fried noodles with chicken- BBQ pork bun- Rice noodle wrapped with beef- Roast duck All these items were very tasty. The rice noodle wrapped with beef, calamari, and the pan fried noodles with chicken were my personal favorites. The rice noodle dish was something new to me, but reminded me of my love for beef chow fun. The pan fried noodles were semi-crispy but soft and paired well with the tender chicken.Service was not the greatest. It gets busy to a point where your table maybe forgotten. One of the waitresses spilled water on my friend and apologized. Overall experience: 3.5 stars
1	This place is terrible. We went there for din sum, but it turned out ther was no more din sum then. We stayed anyway and ordered five dishes for 4 persons. One of the dish, steamed fish, was recommended by the waiter. We asked about the price and the waiter told us it would be $38, about 2 lbs. So, we said ok. The fish dish took a long time and we were joking that they must have gone fishing. When it finally came, we were mostly full. Then came the bill, and there was a $104 dish! We were really surprised and asked what it was. It was the fish! It was supposed to be $38/lb, and the fish weighed 2.7 lb! The fact was none of us heard that it was $38 per pound. The bill was presented to us by someone we had not seen, and the waiter was nowhere to be seen. When we questioned the bill, another person came up and said something like "of course it was $38 per pound..." No apology even for confusion or anything like that sort. We paid the bill, feeling cheated. Now coming to think of it, the fish could not have weighted 2.7 lbs. I often steam fish myself and a 2 lb fish is already pretty big, and our fish that day was at most 2lbs.I would give it no star if possible.
1	Not to be a hater but - This is one of the worst dim sum experiences I have ever had. From the Har Gow's lack of freshness to the overpriced $18 snow pea leaves, this place is just ridiculous. It's brand new so I would assume this is them at their best and their best stinks so much!This place obviously is biased towards Chinese speaking people. I asked the server if I can order some snow pea leaves, and she said it wasn't available. OK, well, a short while after I see a table getting exactly what I ordered delivered to a Chinese family. I then hailed the server and pointed at it. Well, they served it warm not hot and also it was $18.... Later I checked the menu and it should have been $12. Vegetable fiasco aside, the dim sum was so bad. Even ruined my dumpling experience. BOOOO. Go next door to Ping Pang Pong cause that's where the good dim sum is in Vegas. This place STINKS!
3	While many of my Chinese food experiences in Las Vegas have been mediocre, I was pleasantly surprised by KJ. Their dim sum rivaled some of the places in LA and definitely beats any of the places in Las Vegas Chinatown. I haven't tried the KJ in Chinatown for dim sum but their dinner is pretty decent.  The place is clean and the waiters are respectful. I like that even though they are in a casino, they kept the traditional food carts on the floor. That's what makes dim sum, dim sum. Food comes around pretty often and they have a good selection. You know this place is good when Chinese people are eating here and they went out of their way to come to a casino to eat.
1	I just got back from KJ Kitchen. I am still upset with the service. Especially the restaurant name is on total rewards gift card participating outlets LIST BUT they did not take it. One of girls said because the card has Discover card logo on it. It is the hotel gift card. I explained that but the manager and others just ignored me. Very rude. They forced me to pay in cash. Maybe they just wanted cash? I am contacting the Harrahs group they belong to now.
4	Everything was DELICIOUS. Definitely one of the best dim sum I've ever had. They charge $1 for tea per person which it's pretty expensive in my opinion. Service wasn't great. They probably took over 30 minutes to bring us our shrimp noodle and the waiter we asked to check on it was to lazy to check and just brushed us off saying he doesn't know when it will be out. I assume service isn't always like this therefore I would come back when I want dim sum while visiting.
4	I must be the only white guy that likes dim sum.  There was one other than a table of 4, with older heavy set guys that looked out of a mafia movie, scary.  But mark my word, don't serve me dim sum and there's hell to pay, and I will happily break a couple of knees.Just inside the Rio Hotel, the place was filled and loud at 1230pm on a Friday.  Dim sum is served 10am-3pm everyday.  Find me there from 10am-3pm.  Hoo yah!  (I wish)Service is pretty quick and efficient, once one gets going.  Getting started is a bit of problem.   I sat there for 10 mins before someone took my drink order, then the ticket was set...and the old ladies with carts started flowing.The Xiao Long Bao were near 4.5 amazing, and the Potstickers and Shu Mai was a flat 4.0 star.  Price was a little high, as I was out the door for $20.  BTW - you must ask for "Xiao Long Bao", as "Juicy Pork Dumplings" will get you nowhere.Hit the spot in the tummy labeled "dim sum only".  All the chips are in, this is a giddy-up!
4	We ordered duck and orange chicken.  They were high quality for about $12 each.  the service was great but we were one of the handful of tables, so slow night.  this was one of the only places that was still open to eat late at night.
4	KJ is located inside of the Rio. It's a little fancier than your run of the mill dim sum joint. It's clean, well-decorated, and the service is excellent.! Feel free to bring your non-Asian friends here--they'll be comfortable! I'm a big fan of small plates. You get to try everything without feeling like a total glutton. But I can remember coming here a few times (ok, maybe more than a few) where our eyes overestimated our stomach. Perfectly steamed dumplings, chicken feet (yeah, I said it), pork ribs, tripe, and vegetables rolling around on steel carts. Excellence!My favorites being the aforementioned + the shrimp noodle, Shu Mai, shrimp dumpling & leek dumplings. Basically, you can order anything and be satisfied. I can truly say everything is excellent except for the temp that the food comes off the carts. Some days it's steaming hot. Other days, lukewarm. Either way, it's a small sacrifice for Chinese restaurant servers that actually want to serve you and a place you feel comfortable bringing your friends who would be mortified by the hole in the wall down the street. :) enjoy!
4	Servers were quick with getting food to your table. Waiters were very good at getting orders down.Only downfall is paying the bill. Be careful using Total Rewards along with other credit cards...they might not b able to understand how you want to split the bill. Make it CLEAR!!!
5	If you're ever in Vegas I totally recommend this restaurant. They have excellent authentic Chinese food. The food portions are huge and the prices are very reasonable. The service is fast and efficient. Very convenient to the exit of the Rio. Plus the restaurant has late hours too!
5	Fantastic value and even better food.  The house soup is to die for and desserts (during dimsum) are phenomenal.  Go there.  Now.
3	Items selected:Egg CustardDuckCrispy ShrimpCoconut PuffsShrimp BallsBaked Salty Egg Yolk Cream Bun Taro PuffsCentury Egg and Seaweed CongeeBBQ Pork BunsSteamed Egg Yolk BunsMost certainly not a connoisseur of dim sum but having now visited a handful of the reported 'best' in North America from Toronto to Vancouver/Richmond and down to the San Gabriel Valley it was with high hopes that I entered KJ Dim Sum at The Rio alongside a friend and with the restaurant packed to overflowing with Asians both local and visiting the carts and service that awaited rendered an admirable effort the sorts of which many would have you believe cannot be found in Las Vegas.  Admittedly a 'standardized' menu featuring solid renditions of the classics but little innovation it would be easy for me to dock points for issues such as tepid duck or small, slightly overcooked shrimp but taking into account the nature of cart service compared to the menu style common to the elite of the SGV or BC nearly every dish we selected was nicely prepared and ample in portion, the total bill for 11 selections ringing in at $45 before tax and tip.  Speaking to specific must orders, particular favorites particularly well done would include both the baked salty egg yolk buns and the even more impressive steamed version of the same, but most of all the golf-ball sized crispy shrimp balls served along semi-sweet Chinese mayo sauce - the rich, supple interior so good a second order for 'dessert' proved mandatory.
3	It's located in Rio and across to the seafood buffet. Parking you need to park in the resort garage.In the morning you need to wait around 20 minutes to get in. Service is as fast as most Cantonese places and the food is pretty good. Almost as good as in those good places in LA.  Recommending chicken feet, egg tart, tofu nao, shrimp with needle mushroom and sandy bun, which is soft yolk bean paste ish inside, smelling really good and taste really good.The tea, we ordered Xiang Pian, one kind of green tea. The quality is bad, the water is not clear looking and it doesn't smell as good as regular Xiang Pian, it's a big disappointment.But it's much more expensive, 2.8 ish for small plates. 3.39 for medium plate and 3.99 for large ones. And for kitchen made plate it will be 10.95. It's really pricy for dim sim. I might come again bc the food is good and I no longer live in LA. Otherwise, based on the price and tea, I don't really want to.
5	Didn't order dimsum since it was dinner. Ordered a couple of items from the menu, food was fantastic and delicious. Portion was great too! I highly recommend this restaurant if you're looking for Chinese food.
4	A very good dim sum. But a few items here and there were down right inedible, so you'll have to pick and choose with a discerning eye. My breakdown:2 stars for food1 star for dim sum service1 star for chili sauceYes, 1 full star just for their own homemade condiment. That's how dang good that chili sauce was. Pretty much order anything that can be dipped into that sauce ... Your dim sum will magically taste better. Don't believe me?  I even took a picture. In fact, it was the only picture I took!  And it is also the only reason I am writing this review. KJ's chili sauce. Everything else is for dipping only.
4	We waited about half an hour on a Sat morning to get a table. Many Asian American locals frequent this place. Dim sum is good, but they do run out dishes sometimes. We had to 'special order' a couple of dishes that we knew they had but did not see wheeled out in carts. Unlike other restaurants you do not have to share tables at KJ. Don't know how I feel about that since sharing = less waiting, but I suppose they don't want to make tourists uncomfortable. Otherwise, the food is solid and I would come back again.
2	Same ole, same ole dim sum in a loud cavernous space with all of the charm of a DMV. The food was rather blah, the carts were frequent enough, and the drink service was non-existent. Plus, it is inside the Rio - a casino as fresh and energetic as a morgue. But hey, there was one spinach-shrimp(?) dumpling thing that was tasty. So, if you hate drinks and love mediocre food, make sure to get the spinach-shrimp(?) dumpling thing. You'll thank me later.
2	Food is just ok nothing to write about and service is lacking. I can't recommend thus place to anyone.
4	I really enjoyed this place.  So far as I can tell, it and Ping Pang Pong are the lone restaurants inside casinos that serve dim sum daily.  We had gotten in on a Sunday and missed dim sum at Bellagio, where we usually go, so on Monday we went to KJ's at Rio.  We arrived at about 11:15 am and the place was already packed.  The dim sum here is very fresh and they offer a wide variety.  My only complaint is that the service is kind of bad, but it's what you expect in a typical chinese restaurant.  Prices were very reasonable and you can get twice the amount of food here for the same money that you would pay at a strip dim sum restaurant.
2	It's open until 2am, which is cool because Dim Sum sounds like a good idea at about midnight. But I go in around 10, the place is really dead, and I try to order. The guy looks at me like I'm an idiot and says Dim Sum is only mornings. "We're authentic" he says with an attitude normally reserved for the French.Fair enough, I think. I've been to China, I know the drill. This is traditionally a morning thing, although they didn't give me grief when I was in Hong Kong asking for it for a later lunch, but whatever, we're going authentic here.It would seem that the authenticity ends with the serving times, because the food was about as authentic as Panda Express. I'll say it falls more between PF Changs and Panda Express, but I don't think you'll find any Chinese willing to use the word authentic to describe any of those establishments either. To be frank, the food kinda sucked. And the service was practically non-existent. The food came out quick, which is good, but keep in mind no one else was ordering. But then it got dropped off, no asking if everything's cool, and the guy then heads back to a table where the servers seem to be eating their dinner. It's cool, I know everyone has to eat, but I don't think I'm being overly snobby to say that if our waiter is taking his dinner break, give us another waiter. After a 5 minute attempt to politely get his attention, I finally got up to retrieve a bottle of soy sauce myself. Not the end of the world, but not the type of service one would expect for a $60 dinner for two. Getting the check was a near similar hassle, but thankfully I was able to divert his attention away from the big TV long enough to drop that off. Oh, and you know how when you get fortune cookies, not here, they're to "authentic" for such Tom Foolery, but at other low quality places? You know that thin strip of paper inside the cooke that was your fortune on it? That's about the amount of lobster in their "lobster" egg rolls. The place blows. If you're in Vegas looking for a decent Chinese place, as a local I'd recommend Red 8 in the Wynn. It's not really any more expensive, it's much nicer, the servers are top notch, bordering on hovering, and the food is genuinely authentic, and fantastic. Tell them I sent you, and get a free blank stare of non-recognition. But seriously, that's the place for Chinese here in town.
5	I was so impressed by how authentic their Chinese food tastes like.When comes to food, I am more focus into taste than the decoration or quality of service.  You can give me so so service and serve me good food I will still give you 5 stars.Located inside Rio Casino. This location is more expensive than its Chinatown original location.  However, the menus offers more choices.Went there three days in a row during the recent Vegas trip.Must get - Roast Duck, Fried Rice, House special daily soup, Beef with Vegetables.Must try - shrimp dumpling, shumai, chicken feet (for lunch/dimsum).Usually the waits are not too bad except lunch times for dim sum.  It is cheaper or on par with the dim sum restaurants in LA.  Very competitive prices!
1	They were out of dim sum to start...and believe me that was not the worst of our problems. Issues we had:-They had NO appetizers, completely out apparently-Nothing came at the same time, but apparently that's the Chinese way, that's what the manager argued-We kept asking for soy sauce, 3 times, and we never received it-We had to ask multiple times for rice that we ordered-The worst part was when we asked for the manager he argued with us on every complaint we had.Yes I know the customer may not always be right, but arguing is not okay.I would not recommend this place is you are looking for good service.The food was so so, I was hoping to get dim sum and was highly disappointed. God awful.
1	If it were possible to give 0 stars, this place would get it. First, we ordered dim sum but they were out. The restaurant has dim sum in the name... Well, okay fine. We then tried to order potstickers - nope, completely out of all appetizers. Then we order our food. Each dish comes out 10-15 minutes apart, which is fine... except for the rice which by the time we got it I was full. The last dish we ordered never even arrived. We asked 3 times for soy sauce and never received it. And the soup needed it. Finally, when we asked to see the manager he argued with us, saying the dishes coming out at different times is a Chinese custom. Okay... Really you're going to argue though? We declined the final steak dish as we were done eating by this point and they made a huge show of "we'll pay for the steak for you." Maybe if you had brought it out ever we would have wanted it. All in all, it was a very uncomfortable experience and I couldn't wait to get out of there.
5	Whenever I come to Las Vegas, it's a must that I stop by KJ Kitchen for some dim sum. I've been to other places in Vegas for dim sum but this is by far the best. The wait is never too long here, but even when there is a line, it is well worth the wait. All the dishes are fresh and come out steaming hot. They have a wide variety of dim sum dishes, from shrimp dumplings to pineapple buns. They are moderately priced and comparable to other dim sum places. The wait staff is attentive and friendly. You never have to ask for a refill. I always leave KJ Kitchen satisfied and with a full stomach.
5	I don't know what people are saying...I'm from LA & their service is no different from Chinatown. The cart foods are superb and is a must try! Prices for the carts are pretty cheap and is the same price as I would get at any other dim sum restaurant ($3-$10). Overall great food, service & would definitely go again!
1	just past opening hours...large dim sum cart pushing restaurant...rio casino floor closer to self-park structure entrance...standard small plate bites...expecting fresh food near opening...but, very questionable...dumpling skin thick, dry and chewy...meat bits just fatty oily boney...worst bland watery porridge...donut sticks cold oil chew...stopping after $eighty worth and leaving to eat elsewhere...
3	The Skinny: okay dim sum, okay prices (3), service: IMHO, it's okay, comfortable seating (3) value: it's not bad for dim sum(3).We don't really eat dim sum in Las Vegas. The reason is that the dim sum here ain't that good in town. Considering the number of Chinese tourists, you'd expect things to be a lot better than they are. That being said, if someone has a hankering for dim sum, we generally come here for the more comfortable seating arrangements and the slight edge it has on the food.Don't get me wrong, it's nothing really special. I'll be the first to admit that the meatballs have been mixed with too much cornstarch. The cheung fun has way too much rice noodle compared to the meat filling. All the meat items kind of taste the same. Oh and the XLB come in little foil cups which = not good in my books - and the fact that they serve XLB in the first place but that's another story. The pinepple bun/runny egg yolk buns often leak too and they look exactly (suspiciously) the same as the ones that you get @ East Ocean. Hmmmm....I'll be the first to admit though, their sweet tofu is a guilty pleasure and I usually get an order of this because I'm a sucker for fresh sweet tofu.Shove all that aside and consider where that we are in the dim sum desert here in Las Vegas. All things considered, this place gets a 3-starred review - it's okay for what it is, it's reasonably priced and it's more comfortable than other establishments.
3	Pricey, mediocre at best.Homemade potstickers are OK, not amazing.Clams with ginger-scallion sauce are good quality, but the sauce is a too oily and unappealingly thick and not usable as a sauce you would actually eat on your rice. If you must, get the black bean sauce and request 'low oil'. You'll probably get 'high saliva' ha ha ;)House Lo Mein comes out kind of oily as well. Again, ask for 'low oil' if you gotta get it.Management is a bit odd, a holdover trait from the original Spring Mountain Road location where you get a completely different menu w/no specials (and a fork) if you don't speak Chinese.Dim Sum here is pretty average - it may even make you realize that you don't actually like Dim Sum. Kind of like jazz. We're told that it's good and that we should appreciate it, but the nuts of it are that it kind of sucks. Eating lukewarm food that was cooked 5 hours ago off of a rolling cart is just dumb.If you're hankering for Chinese and are staying in the Rio, you're probably better off hitting the Rio Buffet and at least getting some crab legs out of the deal. Free tea is cool. Good on them. I was expecting to get snuck for at least $2 per tea drinker, but didn't.
5	Dim sum in Vegas?! Yes, please! The service here was really good. Some of the ladies pushing the cart actually spoke the some dialect as me, so that's a big plus for a Chinese place. The food is also pretty good. The egg tarts are a must here; they are delicious. I could eat a whole entree on my own. Pro tip: come early for dim sum on the weekend. If you wait until 12 ish, there will be a line.
1	This is the worst Chinese restaurant I've ever eaten at in Vegas.  The food was subpar, portions were small, ridiculous prices, no free refills on soft drinks, and the waiter was a little rude.  No wonder when we came for dinner, the place was empty.  We should have went down to Spring Mountain road, where the REAL Chinese restaurants were.  Three thumbs down (if I had a third thumb).  Beware of this place and avoid at all cost!!
5	Nom! Stopped by here on my way back to the strip because I'd heard good things, and I was not disappointed!I'd always thought pho was the best hangover cure, but dim sum might be another contender. I only tried a few things but my faves were the har gow and the EGG TARTS! Good times, I'll have to make this a regular stop on all my Vegas trips.
2	Their Dim Sum has no chicken dishes.  only pork, beef, and shrimp.  The food is very very oily, even if you order off the menu.  The tastes are uninspiring.  They are catered to the American palate, and those used to authentic chinese will be left wanting.  I would skip it altogether.
5	As a Cantonese, I think their dim sim are very authentic, fresh, and delicious. Every time we went to Vegas, this is the place we must go to. Highly recommended.
3	Stopped by here to get some early dim-sum. This place opened earlier than any other dim sum place in Vegas at 10:00am. All other places opened at 11am.The quality of the dim sum was okay. For some reason, their har gow was small in comparison to what Im used to. The flavors were not bad. Prices were reasonable considering it was inside a casino, albeit the kinda run down Rio Casino.I think I'll wait until 11am next time I'm hankerin for dim sum in Vegas....
3	This review is for dinner service. I pretended I didn't know Chinese and I was treated very differently. There is a Chinese menu, only given to those who ask. Otherwise an English menu is provided. We chose the walnut shrimp and the chow fun without gravy. Very small portions and guess what your dish doesn't come with rice .  I have never been to a restaurant where your dinner entree doesn't come with rice. Make sure you order that! Food pics attached . 4 star for food and 1 star for service, waiters treat you different if you don't speak Chinese! Learn it before you come!
5	Forget what you've heard, this is the best dim sum restaurant in Las Vegas! We enjoyed every single item that we grabbed off of the carts and have no complaints. KJ Dim Sum is my absolute favorite place in Vegas to get dim sum.I consider myself to be picky when it comes to dim sum, we just moved here from California and we were spoiled with many heavy hitter dim sum restaurants close to home. Since we've moved here, we've tried almost all of the popular dim sum restaurants in Vegas: Orchid Garden (2/5), Chang's (3/5), Cathay House (3/5) and also Ping Pang Pong (3/5). Yet, I would still easily recommend KJ dim sum as sum' of the best dim sum in Vegas! It's located inside of the Rio, right across the way from the Carnival World Buffet. We arrived around 1pm on a Saturday. They were bustling but we didn't have to wait, they were able to seat us right away. They were quick with rolling the carts by and were quick to grab us our drinks and tea. I was extremely pleased with the service here. Now let's get on to the best part, the food! Shumai - they were very moist and had great flavor. A nicely done shumai for sure. 5/5Har gow - so much yum! They make them amazing here. Super delicate clear wrapper and steamed to perfection. The shrimp inside tasted amazing. I can eat 10 orders of these! 5/5Fried taro puffs - these were little fried fluffs of taro. The taro filling tasted good and the exterior was fried well and flaky. 5/5Bbq pork bun - the buns were small, glazed and sticky. The bbq pork filling inside was just enough but super flavorful and moist. We enjoyed them! 5/5Bbq pork bao - (the one that looks like white clouds) it was piping hot and steamy, very fluffy, and the filling was moist. The bbq pork flavor is great! We devoured these little morsels and also saved some to eat later as well. They were still amazing after siting in the container and at room temperature. 5/5Shrimp noodle rolls - these were perfect! I enjoyed the soft, moist and tender noodles. The shrimps inside were flavorful as well. 5/5Egg custard tart - I was completely taken back by how they stayed warm at our table the entire time! It was extra custardy, super crazy moist, velvety buttery, and very flaky. I was in heaven! Omg. It's the best egg custard tart we have ever had! I grew up eating these babies in California, but man these win them all. 5/5 Total damage with a coke was $25! That's a good price for 2 hungry adults. We love this place!
4	Not the best dim sum but it's still dim sum and it's Vegas! Two of my faves haha. I never knew they had an actual dim sum place in Vegas and not like the ones in the buffet. I'm excited I found this place (well my PSis did, we went for her graduation lunch). I'd def come back!
2	We decided to come here for Dim Sum because my friend was informed by Rio that there would be a 25% total rewards discount for all restaurants in their hotel. After we received the bill she was told that the 25% does not apply, although the hotel still continues to tell people that it does. Instead of making the effort to check with the hotel about correcting the information that they are giving guests they continued to argue with my friend and refused to give her any kind of discount. Although the food was pretty good and the carts came around continuously, the meal ended on a sour note because of the argument..
1	Service sucks!  I cant believe service can get this bad.  We got seated and was super hungry.  All the server tries to ignore helping us but 1, and her name is Queenie.  Many people there was hungry and many walked over to the dim sum cart but got yelled by dim sum cart lady to tell us to be patient and go back to our table.  Other server, especially Matthew (unbelievable, totally ignored us) refuse to bring us some orders and told us to wait until dim sum cart came.  We only got a chance to order few items.  End up most food was brought over by Queenie.  Reallie didnt want to tip anyone but for Queenie, we did.
2	Maybe I'm a dim sum snob because I'm from the Bay Area and am fortunate to have eaten great dim sum. Other than in the Midwest, this may be some of the worst dim sum I've eaten. When frozen dumplings from Trader Joe's or the Asian supermarket taste better, you have a problem. Unless you really have a hankering for dim sum and can't get it anywhere else where you live, I would recommend eating something else.This is located inside the Rio, across the from the buffet. We didn't have a problem getting a table for 7 when we arrived around 11 am but there was a wait when we left around noon.The service for the carts was extremely slow - I don't know if that's normal, or if was a function of where we were sitting.Best Dishes:Har Gow - Shrimp Dumpling - This actually tasted normal, and 4 pieces per order. The size of each dumpling was smaller than you usually get elsewhere.Crab & Shrimp Dumpling - This was one of my favorites from what we ordered.Mediocre / Nothing to Write Home About: Sticky Rice in Lotus Leaf, Steamed BBQ Pork Buns, Chinese Broccoli, Shrimp in Rice Noodle (the rice noodle portion was a bit on the thick side and the shrimp was a little sparse)Pass: Fried Calamari - this tasted like it had been deep fried yesterday and nuked in the microwave. Not fresh at all. Veggie Dumplings - These actually have shrimp in there, but the veggies and shrimp didn't taste very fresh.The one saving grace was that it was inexpensive - our bill pre-tip was $65 for 7 people, but you also get what you pay for. The food was edible, but I wouldn't crave this or make a special trip to go here. There are far better places to eat in Vegas.
1	Terrible service. Food was so-so but why would you come here when China Town is literally 2 blocks away & has WAY better options that are more affordable.
1	Bummed.  We took our family here for Christmas and the food was good, the service was ok.  Recently went back for my sis's 30th b-day and the service was deplorable.  They got our order wrong and before they had even fixed the issue, the staff was eating and counting tips. When we asked for a specific soup the waiter refused, saying we would not enjoy it.  When I asked him why, he couldn't give me an answer.  The wine selection is embarrassing.  We won't be back.  The dim sum and service is better at Beijing Noodle 9 at Caesar's Palace.
5	Kj Dim Sum was great. The service was very good too. I'd recommend the restaurant to tourist(s) who would like to stay close to the strip.
4	My favorite place to have dim sum! Food is hot and fresh and the servers are always coming around making sure we have enough to drink and eat at our table! So delicious!
4	Strictly stuck to dim sum in the morning/early afternoon on my last trip and was pleasantly surprised. The dim sum was delicious and the prices were quite reasonable. Service, as far as dim sum restaurants go, was excellent.
4	I was craving for dim sum while in Vegas. So my friends and I ended up here for brunch. The dim sum was delicious and fresh tasting. This location is spacious, has good food and service. I would definitely come back here if I am ever in Vegas again.
3	KJ's was the surprise of our trip to Vegas.  We were feeling unmotivated to leave our hotel (as unremarkable as all the other food we've had there was) so we headed down to what we thought would be a safe choice - the buffet.  You can understand our reluctance to leave the relative comfort of a standard breakfast/lunch buffet to try a Chinese restaurant buzzing across the way from us.Hubby dug up a nugget from his memory bank and suddenly remembered that a coworker of his had mentioned this place and said it wasn't bad.  I guess "it wasn't bad" was good enough for us to defect from the buffet line.And honestly...it wasn't bad.  It's exactly the same as all the other dim sum places we've had in Orange County:- Hit or miss dishes (some dishes were overcooked so the skin on the dumplings were way too soggy)- No service for the meek.  Speak up (raise your hand) or you'll sit there without hot sauce, soy sauce or iced water the entire time- Semi-aggressive sales ladies trying to get rid of their waresNo one dish really stood out except maybe the stir fried rice noodles which didn't come with much except scallions and onions (no meat) and cost $6.95.  We happily packed up the leftovers and had it in front of the TV later.Just be prepared to see people jump the line.  The hostesses seat their friends first (no number required).
3	3.5 starsDecent dim sum joint, but nothing spectacular. Typical dishes you would expect from a dim sum joint. Located in the Rio. Service was a little slow at times.. But could be due to the large room and many tables to wait on. staff was friendly.Things I enjoyed:- Sauteed pea shoots were good (order with waiter)- Fresh egg tarts (made to order)- turnip cakes were warm and fresh, but were not served with the brown sauce
2	Food was nothing spectacular, fairly bland for chinese food....   most of the food was cold... service was actually not that good....   they didn't expect us to understand Chinese....    SMH...   waiter was surprised when I spoke Chinese to him... they asked each other why they didn't get us high chairs...   but it might be the best place to get some decent Chinese food
4	This place was very good.  We came for lunch for the dim sum. There were three of us, so we ended up with a $60 bill, which averaged $20 a person. Not bad for tons of food. When it comes to Dim Sum, I like the fried taro the most, and theirs did not disappoint. Other items worth mentioning were the duck, fried rice, shrimp wontons, pork BBQ bun, and the taro donut and egg custard desserts. I don't know all the authentic names, so forgive my ignorance. I just know they were good!
4	My husband and I decided to take a weekend trip to Vegas. Since it was only a couple days, we didn't stay at the Westin at Lake Las Vegas. Instead, we chose the Rio, a good second choice, off the strip, and not a total party spot.After poker, my hubby came home as most restaurants were closing. After a bad experience at the All American (see my review on them), we decided to try KJ's. Hubby had never tried dim sum and I am always in the mood for some.Lets just say impressive!The food was on point. I have never been impressed by dim sum before, since its usually hit or miss (too soggy, not cooked enough ect), but this place was on point. I do wish they had a bigger night time menu, but the helpful employee explained that it was the off season, so they only had the traveling dim sum tray during the day. I ordered what was available and waited.The only reason this is not 5 stars is because of the staff. I understand it may be a cultural thing, but I don't need to be watched while eating. And setting the cloth napkin in my lap for me made me feel like I was 5 years old again. Other than that, amazing food.
1	My wife and I ate here twice. The first time, it wasn't that bad. The food was okay. Nothing spectacular and nothing special. The service was just okay. We ordered some fried rice that they never put in and we had to inquire repeatedly about it. It finally arrived after we were full. FLASH FORWARD to today. We dined there with some friends. It took FOUR servers to come to our table to get our drink orders and then another few for us to FINALLY get some water, soy sauce and some orders in. Was it because we weren't Chinese. Yes, I'm using the race card because all the other Patrons who were Chinese got waters without having to repeatedly be ignored and passed by. Lastly, although we were done, not a single person came to even ask if we're ready for our checks, refill waters, ask us if we're alive!! WORST SERVICE EVER! AND THE FOOD... well it's not worth the service. Not even a small bit!! Never coming back to this joint!
4	Loved it!The complimentary soup and dessert were really nice. A little salty on dishes with soy sauce. But we had a great time there
2	I haven't had dim sum in a while so my husband and I came here to satisfy my long-awaited dim sum craving. We went on a Sunday before noon. No wait. First impression - I like that the restaurant feels inviting. One spacious, modern, open room, not a hole in the wall.To my dismay, my feelings changed as soon as I tried some of the dishes. The food was disappointing. I regretted my craving choice. Most of the things we ordered were cold or just awful. The worst one was the beef spare ribs. So greasy, fatty, gummy, and boney. My shrimp wontons were cold. Chow fun were short pieces and dry, just the opposite of how I like them. Those ribs left a horrible taste in my mouth the whole day. The only thing that were decent were the shu mai and the shrimp flat rice noodle.Other saving graces were the decor, no wait, and the excellent service even though I'm not Chinese. The dim sum ladies were nice, explained what some of the items are, the server checked up on us, etc. Our bill was $38 for two before tip.
3	A medium sized place for a Chinese Dim Sum Restaurant.  This place is inside the Rio casino across from the Buffet.  Food wasn't bad for this area.  Some waiters can speak Cantonese and some only understands Cantonese.
3	The dim sum was amazing, but the service could have been better. We went on a day that wasn't very busy, but we were left sitting with the check until we finally walked it over to someone.
4	The restaurant is located inside the Rio. I hadn't had dim sum before in Vegas, and this was a good experience: many dishes to choose from, fast service, great for large groups, and reasonable prices. Although I ate only the shrimp dishes, I enjoyed them all. Other people in the group ate different kinds of things. No food was left untouched.
2	The decor was nice although a little too open for me. The restaurant smelled spicy and interesting. We asked our waiter, once he finally arrived, to recommend something and went with his suggestiins. The lobster egg rolls were pretty good. Watch out because the center stays hot for a long time. The rest of our meal was quite ordinary,  not bad, just nothing special. I will pay good money for a good meal and this was either over priced or under flavored. All in all, it was ok.
1	RUDEST PEOPLE EVER- RIO, get another Chinese restaurant !I had a COMP due to my endless Slot Play, lol, and was told to go to any restaurant other than Burger King. I had only 25 dollar credits but according to the Card Services is good for dinning in any restaurant.I walk into KJ dim sum and the lady tells me " ohhhh, i don't know" and then says "fine fine do you want take out?"  I say no i want to stay in and eat.She then proceeds to tell me that she can't look up the amount and the answer is NO.I went to another restaurant and they had no problem giving me the 25 credit towards food.NEVER AGAIN- KJ SUCKS AND YES, I AGREE WITH THE OTHER REVIEWER that they need to LEARN ENGLISH
4	We were in Vegas a couple of weeks ago for a Seminar and wanted to try some authentic chinese Food.We tried out KJ Dim Sum at the Las Vegas Rio Resort and boy was that an awesome Brunch. Everything was so delicious and well prepared with a super nice staff.Go try this place, you will love it.When the Bill came I could not believe how inexpensive it was for that quality of Food.We'll be back for more next time when we are in Vegas.
3	We've been here 3 times, and the food is generally salty. It's good, but it's salty. If you like your food on the salter side, you will like it. The service is pretty great considering it's an Asian place. No one is screaming at you or giving you a look of death when you refuse a dish. None the less, I prefer Ping Pang Pong over KJ.
2	I've been here a few times before and it used to be better.  My shanghai dumpling was hard on top and mushy at the bottom and the shu mai had tons of cartilage in it. They get the 2 stars because of their delicious chrysanthemum tea and I love their chili sauce. Too bad the food isn't what I remember. My search for quality dim sum continues for Las Vegas. Sad!!!
4	Great Chinese food dim sum was ok hoc gow was kinda off but Sui mia was on point also had the fried rice fun was good and the fried noodles with chicken I would definitely come back for more...
5	Chinese people love their dim sum. I took my entire family, including my 90-YO dad Chuck, to KJ Dim Sum at the Rio for my birthday. It wasn't cheap, but the food quality was off the charts. We had all the usual delicacies plus specials like chicken feet, beef balls and a full steamed red snapper fish. Absolutely delicious. It's in the Rio casino-hotel near the race and sports book. Easily one of the best dim sum restaurants in Las Vegas.
5	WONDERFUL DIM SUM DURING A WEEKDAYService is pleasantly and surprisingly prompt.  Shrimp cheong fun, hom suy gock; steamed watercress roll, preserved egg rice porridge, steamed rice flour cake; green tea buns, shrimp with leeks rig, sweet tofu all piping hot delivered in roving carts.Good or bad... Majority of diners are overseas Asians. We coincidently parked at the Masquerade Village garage as an excuse to walk off the fulfilling and most satisfying  dim sum lunch. Momo's newly found favorite is the amazing green tea bun !!
4	Kj is probably the best dim sum spot in Vegas. I can say that for a fact. After dining here, and other dim sum restaurants in town, Kj is the only one I regularly return to. This also ranks up there with some of my favorite restaurants in the city.After sitting down, I recommend that everyone orders the hot tea. It's not complimentary, I think it's like 3 or 5 dollars, but it's unlimited refills, and nothing goes better with dim sum than hot tea.So there are carts rolling around the place that are loaded with goodies that you can just pick and choose which dishes you want. Definitely if you are going here, I would recommend ordering the har gow (shrimp dumplings), shumai, pork bao, and coeng fan (rice noodle rolls). And, save some room for dessert, their egg custard tarts are fantastic, as well as their green tea and taro buns. But, always be open to trying new things, that's the key to dim sum.Not everything I thought was stellar. First, the XLB or "soup dumplings" are not very appetizing. There is hardly any broth inside, and it's basically all wrapper. And, the char siu baau is pretty average, with it tasting more of sauce, rather than pork. And sometimes another issue I have, not all the dim sum are piping hot, which I feel should be.Overall, this place is really great, with the positives greatly outnumbering the negatives. Some people have told me that this place is comparable to some of the best dim sum spots in cities that have a large dim sum presence. I believe them because I really like this place, and will continue to come back here!
5	This was the highlight of our eating experience in Las Vegas over our Christmas stay at the Rio.The food and Service was outstanding.  The prices were a little a bit high but in all fairness the quality of the seafood was worth the money. I can't wait to try this Asian gem again my next time in Las Vegas.Wish I had this place here in San Diego.
1	We were party of six. We were kinda worried because the server got an attitude.  We ordered our food. Server asked us if we want tea we said sure why not.... First of all he didn't tell us it cost $5 for the pot second of all after we filled our cups he took the pot without asking us, when it was still has tea.  He brings our food it was good. Than charged us for the tea that we were not able to finish and for the rice which we didn't order he just brought it with our food!!!! Before we left there was another table arguing about the same thing the rice and the tea. They didn't know they were being charged for those items as well.
4	Been to so many different places over the years and I'm sure later on this place will be like the rest. As of now it has the best tasting dim sum in town. This is the only place I go. It cost a little more but worth it.
4	KJ Dim Sum and Seafood Restaurant is one of the better dim sum restaurants in Las Vegas. However, it's not on the Strip so you have to either taxi or drive there. The restaurant is decorated with floral, koi, and city scape prints. There's several tvs to watch sports. They have really good Chinese pastries such as the Pineapple Bun (which was served warm, sweet, and coconutty), BBQ Roast Pork Pastry (which is triangular, sweet, savory, and sprinkled with sesame seeds), and Egg Custard Tart. Other favorites included the Crystal Shrimp Dumplings, Shumai, Beef Balls (which consists of beef, water chestnut, and parsley and served with Lea and Perrin sauce), Chicken Feet, Crispy Beancurd (which was wrapped with shrimp and parsley), Beef Crepes, Shrimp Crepe (which was filled with large shrimp), and Chinese Broccoli (which was served with oyster sauce)I don't recommend the following dishes: Vegetarian Spring Roll (as it wasn't warm) and Beef Ribs with bones (as there were bone fragments everywhere).
