1	I took my car to Cobblestone for an oil change and car wash combo because I had a coupon to save a couple bucks.The moment I pulled up to the service center the employees started to try to pressure me into additional (expensive) add-ons.  No man, I don't want to buy an $80 pre-paid card to get my car detailed, I just want it friggin' washed and I want to go home.I talk to the guy in the shop and he tried to sell me crap to go along with my oil change too.  I say no, I don't want to get my coolant system flushed today, so he offers to knock $10 off the price.  That just makes me realize how much he was overcharging me to begin with.Let me be clear, the car wash service was excellent!  I got what I paid for, but it wasn't worth the hassle.------------------------EDIT:I go to this place to get gasoline because it's near the house.  The other day, while I was filling up, I watched as Cobblestone employees took gas from the pump, dumped it on the ground and lit it on fire.  My god!  Fire and gas stations DON'T MIX!  I hope they all explode and remove themselves from the gene pool!
1	I understand the hassles.Its annoying when all you want is a $10 car wash and every time they want to charge you for any number of sealants and crap.  And "no thank you" isn't good enough.  They have to give you their situational anecdotes and keep hassling.  Go to Danny's, they understand that no means no.
1	Horrible service and it took forever!!! Never going to use them again. I tried to like them because they were close to my house but now I will drive further to go to Danny's.
2	My husband and I went here to get the car washed before we headed to some nearby dealers to try to trade it in. As many people have already said, the nonstop sales pitches from the moment we pulled in were really rather irritating. After iterating several times that we were not interested in getting the car detailed or waxed, the sales guy returned at least 3 more times to our vehicle saying that his boss had "authorized" him to lower the price "once again." We didn't give in to his pressure, but it felt very frustrating to have to assert ourselves so many times. The wash itself was satisfactory, but as Jake mentions in his review, the "hassling" and sales pitches made me not want to go back.
1	I stopped using their services in March 2007 because everytime I went there, they would give me grief over the slightest dings on my windshield just to upsell and high-pressure me to get it fixed when it didn't need fixing.  After I stopped going there, they started pressuring me at home by calling me several times, despite the fact that I told them several times not to call me anymore.  I called the Phoenix Police and they suggested that I contact my phone company and it turned out that I had a feature to block specific phone numbers from calling me.  I blocked them and haven't heard from them since.
3	I stopped here while waiting for someone nearby to get ready. the have tv's inside to kill time. nice!!
4	I bought the Groupon for three supreme car washes. I've already used two of them. My second experience was MUCH better than my first. I waited in a long line to pay on my first visit and the cashier was a snappy bit**.The second visit went much better and my car windows were completely streak free. I even bought an insulated refill mug from the attached Dunkin' Donuts. As mentioned in many of the reviews, the guy who took my car when I pulled up both times started to upsell me, but stopped when I said I wasn't interested. Both times my antenna was inside my car and not reattached. Is that the norm?I have until July to use the third and final Groupon, but I'll probably use it before then. I wish there was a Cobblestone closer to me than this one. I have to drive 16 miles one way to get there. Because of the distance, I won't buy this deal again. There's a Danny's just down the road from me so I will go there.
4	I have been to this car wash three times now because of purchasing a Groupon for discounted supreme washes.  Each time has been a good experience with a good car wash and friendly service.  I have experienced high pressure up-sell attempts at car washes in the past but I found these guys to be really good about backing off when I say "no thanks". Perhaps it's the way I deliver the message, but I haven't had trouble with them being too pushy. The general manager at this location is amazing.  He's the most energetic, hands-on guy and seems to be everywhere at once. My last vist, I had an interior detail done and they did it very well (I'm pretty picky) and they also finished my car when they said they would (very important for me and not too common at car washes).I will definately make time to go back to this particular location.
4	I come here a lot.  I have a wash pass, and am here at least once a week, often more.I must say that my experiences are overall rated at 4-5, with a smattering of 3's.The are always friendly, and consistently clean my cars well.  I have left my cell phone in the car a couple times (OOOOPS!!)-- it's there when I get it back.  Change left in the drink holder?  Still there when I get my car back.  Once my antenna was not reattached and when I came back a few days later I let them know (I didn't notice- my husband did).  The employees l made note of it and when I got my car back, it was installed.  They said it was under the car seat, someone forgot to put it back after last wash.  But~~ I got it back.I have occasionally purchased an additional service (mini detailing, carpet shampoo'd, etc) and have been given a very competitive price, and good workmanship.I have not had any problems with these employees or contractors, selling extra services.  Occasionally I am approached, but they leave me alone when I tell them "not interested".  My kids actually enjoy coming here with me-- the inside of the store is LOADED with goodies- computers with free internet, a bunch of big ol' TVs, playing games, a Dunkin Donuts, and enough junk food ruin a Monk's Lenten vow ( I just made that up, 'ya hear?).Bottom Line:  It's a car wash- they make their real profits on the "extras".  If you aren't interested, just be firm with your "No".  Based on my experiences thus far, I am a loyal customer.
1	Car wash poor. Left waterspots all over. Lazy employees.  Refused to clean rims properly after being told it would not be a problem.  When spoke with manager he stood behind his lazy employees.  1 star is being generous. I immediately threw away wash card I had signed up for. Not this or any other cobblestone carwash will ever see any of my vehicles again.
4	The customers service could be better in the store.....but the guys who take care of my trucks on the outside are great. I bought the Groupon deal to receive 3 months of unlimited express car washes for 20 bucks....there is not a better deal in the state of Arizona....maybe even the nation....LOL. The guys here get my trucks squeaky clean....and I am out in 5 minutes or less and that includes hand drying it. I will be enjoying this great deal until late October.....but even without the deal the wash is only 4.99 which is very cheap for what you get. So if you need to get your car or truck clean in this Arizona desert....head over to Cobblestone....and remember to Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
4	Very efficient and quick way to keep your car clean. I got the fast pass from groupon. The deal I got is gone, BUT check in with Yelp app, and unlock a FREE 1 month pass for unlimited exterior car washes! Start up was a bit long, but once I was set up, its been a breeze to pull in and access the car wash. And did I mention this location has a Dunkin Donuts inside? Score!!!!!
4	This place is pretty good.  I mean, getting my car washed isn't exactly a chore I look forward to completing... I usually view it as a "time suck" in the middle of an errand-filled Saturday.  What I like about this Cobblestone location is that you can really multi-task!  The inside is loaded with extras, including a Dunkin Donuts outlet (the rest of my errands are more productive after I get a coffee boost).  There's also ample indoor seating with CNN and sports, and a huge kids' play area a la McDonalds -- which I imagine is very convenient if you have family in-tow.  The quality of the car washes is average, but this is my car wash of choice when it comes to spending time waiting.TIP:  do not use cash for the exterior-only fast pass lane unless you have exact bills!  If you insert a $20, the machine will give you a receipt and force you to go inside the store to get your change -- which completely defeats the purpose of "fast pass."
1	What a poor initial visit!  Car was washed quick, but they left car in finishing area for 15 minutes before I gave up and took the unfinished car.  No apologizes and I was not alone, many others frustrated standing around.  Poor staffing!  Would not go back.
2	Wow what a sloppy car wash.  I got the ultimate because I said I wanted everything done.  Of course I was offered great detailing prices, but passed on that.  The Ultimate honestly isn't worth the $25.  My truck wasn't dry, there still was dirt and bird droppings, and the indoor/outdoor dressing was slopped on.  I have large spots of dressing that wasn't spread evenly and spots with none.  The edges on the windows, mirror, and well any edge is missed completely.  I felt like I should have saved my money, driven thru a cheap car wash and finished it myself.  The only reason I gave it a second star is the stellar pricing and work the window guys did on my multiple chips.I will not be back to this place.  Not worth the price.  I have had better done cheaper.
3	"The art of selling vs. the art of saying no"It is one of the most tricked out car wash places you'll ever go.  Leather seats while you wait, free wi-fi, variety of flat panel TVs to watch, children's play area, and even computers for surfing the web while you wait.  Albeit that this is free, this isn't without a cost.After you decide what service you will get for your car, you'll have to endure and overcome the high pressure sales prior from the lube extras to upgraded fancy washes.  I'm surprise they don't have a little old lady in a wheelchair coming out to ask for a donation.  I have to commend them for their resilience and lack of fear of rejection, but if you want a low key wash this is not the place. Before you decide to come just practice the art of saying NO, because they have definitely master the art of selling.I would suggest to management that there
4	All car wash spots love to up sell . . . and we got the chip in the window one yesterday, but I have to say, they didn't high pressure sell us. They gave us information we didn't know, and we ended up using their service for the windshield not just for the car we brought in, but also the one at home! We were totally amazed at how great my husband's windshield looked after they cleaned and filled a nasty chip. The wash was great as well.  No streaks, no water drops left behind . . . We bought a package of four top of the line washes from an on-line discounter. Not knowing what to expect of the quality of work, I shuddered when my husband bought multiples, but we were very pleased with the wash both inside and out.The service people were so polite, from Sean who handled our windshields, to Jason, the manager, who checked out the small details before handing my husband the keys.I actually don't think the up sells are so high pressure . . . dine out and servers always push appetizers, drinks, desserts . . . this isn't any different.
2	I used to like coming to this car wash because it was the only one near me. Now, their car wash prices are a lot higher for lousy cleaning. Also, when you first pull up to select your car wash, I feel as if I'm at a used car sales lot. The employees are incredibly pushy to upsell you on a simple car wash. I can't say I will be returning anytime soon.
2	Wish I'd read these reviews before I went there, but I was getting my phone fixed down the street, and decided a quick car wash would help kill the time. The previous reviewers are right on the money when it comes to the ol' up-sell. You would think with all these reviews saying the same thing it would be looked into, and trust me, I understand the value of a good up-sell...but THREE times with THREE separate people? It's a little much. Plus, if I come in there initially inquiring over the $4.99 price and asking if there is anything lower than the $32 price (which to be fair, yes, there is) what in the world makes you think I am going to want to spend upwards of 60 dollars? Honestly. And it shouldn't take me 10 minutes to convey to you that I really am not concerned with my windshield right now...that's right, I'm gonna take a gamble on that one, I live on the edge like that....You did do a pretty good job cleaning the car, but leaving a car wash of all places feeling frazzled is not my thing. Not to mention, I fell for the $4 "Supreme Upgrade" and you forgot my vanilla air freshener. Dang it. Had no idea what kind of negotiation would occur if I went back, so I will look at it as a lesson learned and go on with my life....:)
1	They put packing tape on my brand new car! It doesn't have pieces blowing in the wind, so the tape was unnecessary and left adhesive on the paint around the back wiper and the tire cover. To add insult to injury, it took nearly half an hour even though there was no line, and the employees let the car dry completely before they pretended to wipe it off, so there were water spots everywhere. They also didn't even attempt to wipe off the adhesive from the tape. It seems reasonable to expect that your car will be cleaner after a car wash than before, but not at this place.
4	May want to watch your credit card charges made to this place.. Had a car wash a few days ago.. Credit card charge got posted twice on my credit card statement..1/31/13 - Issue resolved by Cobblestone, RyanC thank you for your efforts!
2	To begin with, the only reason this place gets 2 stars is because it has Dunkin Donuts that my children like to eat before I allow them to play in the (usually dirty) play area. I took my car there today thinking the bad service I received last time was just a bad day for everyone. I wish I had not given them a second chance. I went because I wanted an oil change and car wash. No, I don't want my transmission fluid flushed. No, I don't want my coolant system flushed. No, I do not want you to replacement my windshield wipers. No, I do not want you to rotate my tires. No, I do not like Green Eggs and Ham. I find it extremely frustrating to have someone try to up-sell me on a constant basis, even when you were suppose to start work on my truck 20 minutes prior. I don't appreciate being mocked when I say that the extra $80 you want to charge me today is not in my budget. I do not appreciate having my window broken because they accidentally knocked it off track because the idiots locked my keys in the car... twice. Their cashiers are bitchy and all their stuff is over priced.Save your self the hassle, don't use Cobblestone.
2	The car wash is good but man I tell you everytime I've been to this place the high pressure up selling is totally annoying.  You mean I can't even get a car wash without up selling pressure?  Man, I no longer go there.  Danny's is less pressure.
5	BEST LOCATION IN THE VALLEYI am writing this review today because I just want to thank the entire team there for correcting another location's awful mistake. I will reference you to my post on the FLW & Hayden location http://www.yelp.com/biz/cobblestone-auto-spa-scottsdale-5#hrid:Xg1jTgxRJziItNvlMjauVgNeedless to say I was completely mistreated and dissatified with my experience @ the Scottsdale location. I was informed that my regular location here on Bell was actually the corporate location so I went there after my horrible experience with the FLW location. I explained to the managers (who recognized me as being a loyal customer of 7 years) about the situation at FLW and they went above and beyond to make sure that they corrected the other locations mistakes. Not only did they help me figure out who to get in contact with regarding my complaint but they took the effort to rewash my  car also they went ahead and detailed, vaccumed and sprayed my car with the air freshener. The fact that they went above and beyond to help me out I more  then appreciate. This is the location i typically go to and I regret not going here in the first place (then I would have avoided the awful service and experience I got from Shawn @ the FLW location) If I could give this location more then 5 stars I would because they always provide me with excellent customer service. The manager's Guillermo and Larry are absolutely fabulous and great examples of what a manager should be and how to correctly handle the situation. Again I want to thank everybody at this location for making things right and continuously providing me with excellent customer service and treating me with nothing but respect. AVOID FRANK LLOYD RIGHT & HAYDEN LOCATION AT ALL COSTS!
4	Let's face it: nobody cleans your car like YOU would if you had the equipment! That said, I have to report on my recent experience at Cobblestone and hope the people in charge see this and reward this employee accordingly.... I made an unplanned visit on Monday because I got into my van and found it crawling with ants! EWWW.. I hate ants! So I raced up there, explained that I didn't have time to empty 3 car seats and all my fishing gear, and could they vacuum it anyway, reallllly good? THEY DID! Then, after sitting on the misted patio for awhile, I thought someone had called that my car was done. It was on the far side of the lanes. I hobbled over there with my cane only to find out it wasn't quite done. By now, it was getting pretty hot...I sat back in the mist and in about 8-10 minutes, the young man who was finishing up my van, DROVE IT OVER TO THE PATIO FOR ME so I wouldn't have to walk through the hot sun back over to my car. This is AWESOME customer service and I tipped accordingly. Thank you so much for going above and beyond!!!
5	These guys and gals do such a great job!  I had a great experience other than the lady that was sitting in front of me.  Not sure how her husband deals with her non stop complaining.  My car however was good as new when I left.
4	I've been coming here for years. Think at least 4. And I have to say I think a lot of people have complained enough about their hard sell tactics of trying to get you to upgrade that I've noticed recently the staff is much more easy going. Which for me as a costumer, makes my experience more enjoyable. I've gotten their express wash to their extreme wash and I have to say overall I've been happy with the cleanliness of my car and how fast it gets washed. Even if I have to wait I don't mind as they have free wifi so I generally take the time to check my emails or watch a movie. The guys and gals working there are always friendly and helpful. The only I don't like is years ago when I would get a car wash here wiping down the interior upholstery was part of the wash but now it's an extra charge so my exterior is clean, it's vacuumed but my seats are dirty and need to be wiped down and cleaned!  I wish they had a package where they offer to clean the upholstery at a reasonable price. As I go there at least once a month, if they offered a service like that, my car would be like new and I would be a completely satisfied costumer!
4	Yup, an update so soon. At this point, I don't know who has trained who. It seems like they don't try to sell upgrades as hard to me which I like and after coming here for years I know how clean my car will be. This time, I actually cleaned the interior of the car myself before coming to get it washed. What little that still needed to be vacuumed, I told the guy and yup, sure enough, when I picked up the car, the area that needed to be vacuumed . . . still needed to be vacuumed. Lol. And I still come here to get my car washed. What can I write- I think at this point I think Cobblestone is like a comfy pair of shoes to me. Lol.
5	Great service and honesty. Completely compensated for minor damage to my car. Great work Daniel!
1	I don't even want to give it one star, they are a big rip off! They used to be good, now they no longer care about customer service.. Just how much can they make while you are there...
5	Outstanding!!! Best service, good people friendly fast and efficient.Go find out for your self. For 3.99 during happy hour my cars was super clean :D
5	I went in today for a Supreme wash.  I had a short wait and expected to have a sloppily cleaned car when I came out, but it turned out to be the best wash I've had in the valley.  I had brought in a Groupon to use and wasn't sure what to do with it.  A manager (Chuck/Charles?) personally walked me to the cash register to get it sorted out.  From start (when the initial guys greeted me) to end (when the gal rang me up at the register), I was impressed.  They made me feel like a VIP guest, like they really appreciated my business (not just management, but every employee on the line).I usually wouldn't rave on Yelp about a car wash, but today was exceptional.  Five stars for Cobblestone.  I'll definitely be back!
5	Had a small problem in the car wash. Had some slight damage to the wheel of my car. Called the management Guillermo, and he took care of everything. Purchased a new wheel for my car that was very expensive. Great customer service on his part.Thank you!Pamela
4	This auto spa us conveniently located at the 51 and bell rd. Out of all the washes I've tried this one will accept larger trucks with oversized wheels for the same price as a car. Attention to detail is pretty good. My vehicle is always clean inside and out. The other thing I like is they do oil and tire rotation for a reasonable amount of money.
4	We ran over some road garbage on SR51...complete blowout.  Hobbled our car off the freeway and bell and luckily cobblestone was right there. Before we could even think to dial triple A, Pedro and his crew ran over unsolicited and changed our tire and we were back on the road in less than 15 minutes.  Crisis averted!  Thanks guys!
5	This is the only place I take my car to have to cleaned. The service is friendly and professional and there quality of work has ways been superior in my opinion. The waiting area is comfortable and clean, not that I have I use it much....at the right time of day you can get in and out fairly quickly. I recommend this location!
1	If you want to throw your money away go to this carwash. I paid $35.00 for Ultimate plus. When I went to pick up my car, the interior was dirty. There were cig ashes on the seat, dashboard had dust on it, mats were not vacuumed. Mind you I don't smoke. When I brought it to the Managers attention he told me that their packages don't cover vacuuming inside the car. The guy who sold me this package when I got there promised me the dashboard, doors and seats will be polished. Nothing was polished. Manager said the guy lied and they don't do it. Left with a dirty car even after paying $35.00
5	The most outstanding customer service and extremely efficient wash, details, and oil changes! Anything and everything I need exceeds more than my expectations. I go to this wash at least two times a week and I leave happy every time!
5	Great service from Ahmod at the counter it's really nice to find great customer service this day and age. Nice job cobblestone team! Especially Ahmod!
5	I have to give this place 5 stars!!! I went today to get my oil changed after work around 430.  I had never been to this location and I left happy.  I pulled up and the young guy working was so helpful and kind.  They took my car and were done in 5-10 minutes.  I literally went inside to pay (20 dollars by the way) cheapest oil change I have paid.  I walked inside to the cashier, where there is a kids playground inside(who knew) The two people working were smiling and seemed to be super happy (even if they were working on a Saturday)  The man gave me a receipt and said now that you have this you can come in next time and get a free car wash and also today you get free popcorn.  I laughed and was surprised by the popcorn machine near the entrance (fresh popcorn).  I left after spending twenty bucks with popcorn, a free car wash and an oil change under 10 minutes.  I will be back :)
5	Best experience at a car wash in a very long time treated the kids fantastic treated my car like it was their own.  Nice job team, MJB
1	Was waiting for my vehicle in the outside seating area.   A man rode up on a bicycle and sat in the seats and lit up a cigarette. ... in the common area. He wasn't even there to get a car washed.   I went inside to ask if that was allowed, being where everyone was sitting.   I was told,  "no, he shouldn't be smoking in that area".  I asked if anyone was going to something to him. .. And as told "probably not". Wow. You just lost my business.
5	This is one of the only spots I bring my car because they do the best job by far! I had an issue with a major "spill" let's call it (vomit) in my back seat. I have a brand new Mercedes so wasn't to happy. I brought it there to see what they could do. They detailed it for me and shampooed it. A few days later I still picked up a whiff of the odor. I brought it back and they shampooed it again for free and were so nice and accommodating. No charge. Big thanks to Jaime and Guillermo! Very professional and really nice guys! Recommend this place as they have always done an outstanding job.
