3	This place is unlike other Lollicup locations I've tried. The consistency is not as smooth. The kids that make it here do not blend the milk teas very well, and supposedly don't use that fast machine that stirs it. For example, when you take sips from it, you could taste the powder texture, and can even see it all along the sides of the container. GROSS! The only decent one I tried was the TARO snow (and possibly all the other snows are probably ok), but they are pretty sweet! Their frozen yogurt was alright too, and might be an option to try here.The only reason I would go here is because it's in Town Square. It's also located in the middle of the whole place (more on the Town Square East side). It's also a kiosk, so there are only a few tables in the area, but you can always sit at the nice grass area! The wait is long for a drink, since the place is understaffed, so expect a WAIT!
2	The milk tea boba here sucks. It just taste like powder mix. I am usually a huge fan. All the other locations I have tried seem to get it right. Another sucky thing is they don't have the option for mini boba or popcorn chicken. This Lollicup is a gigantic FAIL!!! Corporate needs to whip this location into shape.
4	We bumped into this place by accident when eating lunch at Sam Woo's. Yeah my family loves Sam Woo, but really surprised they have not eaten the ones in Toronto. Anyways I really do like Lollicup it is really good, but the only problem is not a bunch of selection.  I still love Tapioca Express though =) I guess it was the first place I tried.
3	There was a surprisingly long line and the staff seemed shorthanded. I ordered a Taro milk tea w/ boba and had to wait quite awhile before I got my drink. The drink was okay could've been better.But like others said before if there's a line, expect wait time to be loooonnnnnnnnnnggggggggggggggggggggg
1	this place makes me want to kick someone in the face! how can it takes 2 workers 15 minutes to make a passion fruit ice tea with NO ONE in line?! or ... are they really making my ice tea in the back....?! this place is horrible! horrible service, horrible tea! my passion fruit ice tea tastes like water with a drop of passion fruit flavor, ugh! never again!
4	I am no expert on boba. Prior to my trip to Lollicup yesterday, I had boba once while on vacation in Hawaii. I am more of a smoothie fan, usually. I had to stop at Town Square yesterday and it was your typical 106 degree July afternoon in Vegas, so I needed something refreshing after my shopping. Refreshing and different.  Town Square is an open air mall. Lollicup is a shack-like building in the middle of this open air mall. This means you are outside when you order your drink, outside when you receive your drink, and if you want to sit down to consume it... you guessed it, you will be doing that outside too. And yes, it gets hot in Vegas. Thankfully Lollicup offers lots of frosty beverages to choose from.There was only one girl working, but it was a weekday afternoon, I would have been surprised to see more then one employee on duty. I decided to go with a Honeydew Milk Tea, with boba added. The wait wasn't long at all... There were 2 people ahead of me and it was still less then 15 minutes from the time I got in line to the time I got my drink. Again, I will say that I am by no means an expert on boba or milk tea or anything similar. I know what makes my taste buds happy though. Honeydew milk teas with boba make my taste buds very happy. I am almost certain I will be back to Lollicup the next time I shop at Town Square.
4	Every time I'm at Town Square, I hit up Lollicup Cafe. I usually get either Boba Mill Tea or Thai Tea with Boba. Both drinks are quite tasty. The wait time is definitely a con. Even without a line, it takes awhile to get your drink. If there is a line, expect to be there for awhile. They usually only have one person doing both cash register and making the drinks. If you don't mind the wait, though, it's definitely worth checking out.
4	Made another stop at Lollicup today, this time I was with a friend/coworker that had never had boba, or even knew what it was for that matter. A very friendly girl working heard her ask me what I was adding to my drink, and proceeded to explain and answer her other questions. There was a second employee working this afternoon and no one else in line, we had our drinks very quickly. I got the same thing as my last visit, honeydew milk tea with boba. She got a mango slushie with boba. And loved it. Another great visit.Edited to add: When my co-worker arrived to work today she said she wants another one of those 'yummy slushies'. Hooked!
4	I was sooo thirsty & hot when I took my little one to the play area @ Town Square and I looked over and there was Lollicup!Ran over and ordered a yummy watermelon slush. It was so refreshing and cooled us down.Next time I have to try the boba..
1	Worst service ever! So the boyfriend and I were at Town Square on a Friday afternoon. We were really really thirsty, I suggested we go to Lollicup to get some kind of flavored iced tea. There was no one in line as my boyfriend and I were making our way to the order window. However, another couple got there right before us.. so we got in line behind them. There were 3 girls working, so we didn't think it would be that long of a wait with only 2 people before us and no one around waiting for their drinks. This was definitely not the case. The couple before us apparently knew one of the girls that was working there and proceeded to have a personal conversation for several minutes without even ordering anything. We ended up just leaving for the clear disregard the workers had for their customers.NEVER again will I try to order a drink from here. I'll just wait until I go to Florida to get my Lollicup fix.
5	this spot HAS to be my favorite place to get boba out here. you would think somewhere in china town would have really good boba, but not so much.as much as i hate parking at town square and just being there in general, i make it a point to stop here whenever i want boba and i know there won't be too much traffic [another plus point - it's right by sephora!]its a small kiosk/stand in the center of town square. service is always great, even when they're busy. however, the last time i was there she made a small slush instead of a large [good thing i kept my receipt!]. she made another one for me right away, so it wasnt that big of a deal.absolute favorites here - watermelon slush [they use real watermelon, not the fakey syrup] and hawaiin sunset.
5	This is by far the best boba in town (unless told otherwise) but i love the original milk tea with boba and lycee jelly (light on the ice please)
3	I have to say, there slushie/snow drinks are awesome. One morning where my friend an I got a bit thirsty and was just wondering around Town Square. I've ordered a simple watermelon drink while my friend tried out the wild berry snow drink. It was the most refreshing drinks i've had during my mini-vacation in Las Vegas. Next I'll definitely order their other drinks which i didn't get to see since i've ordered on top of my head.
5	Fast friendly service.
2	After two years of being deprived of so many delightful foods and drinks, I have come back full force. Although, I am beginning to think that I could easily live without these indulgences that add onto my ever growing waistline. Boba is one of those drinks that you get every time you pass by Chinatown. It is one of those quintessential stops that makes for a good Asian experience. There is a large influx of boba places sprouting up all around town so you can get it anytime and anywhere. The service is a bit slow, but the girl was polite and made it a point to address us while she was preparing a large order. My criticism is aimed towards the drink recipes. I ordered the mango green tea with lychee jelly and my friend ordered the almond milk tea with boba. The mango was sickeningly sweet and way too orange to be natural. I like Volcano better because it has the tint of real tea. The almond milk tea tasted like I was drinking marzipan. These drinks were ridiculously sweet. I am starting to get this tingling on the sides of my tongue. Should I be afraid? Diabetes is not something I want to get diagnosed with in the future, so I will not be going back.
4	Lollicup Lollicup Lolli Lolli Lollicup....I don't think I've ever had this many cravings for Boba Milk tea before...somebody help me please!!!  This is the closest boba place to me from work and since I had a craving I need to fulfill Lollicup it was. Today was probably one of the hottest days of the year so far and luckily Lollicup was efficient. By the time I ordered and paid, my drink was out a minute later. Since it's just a lil shack in the middle of the sidewalk, I can see how in the summer it can be a pain in the butt. The boba is a bit hard, but other then that I think it satisfies my craving quite wonderfully. I will be back! =) =) =)
1	Yuck, yuck and triple yuck, this is literally the worse boba place I have ever been to. Not only the drinks suck, they lied too. Before I ordered, I asked the cashier if the avocado smoothie is made from powder or real avocado, and she said it's made from real avocado. Oh boy did she lie. I couldn't taste any avocado in the drink at all and it was sooooooo sweet, it was just like drinking liquid Splenda sugar. Taro milk tea, yuck yuck, way way too (artificial sweetener) sweet with absolutely no taro flavor at all. We took like 2 sips and had to throw them away because it was basically undrinkable (even though we were thirsty). It's not cheap either.
5	i love lollicup!  why can't one move to honolulu?  they make the best peach iced tea ever!!  from now on, whenever i go to vegas i will be sure to stop by lollicup and buy the biggest sized drink!
4	So Lil Man and I attended the 1st Asian Food Festival yesterday. We had a great time there even though we did not get to try everything. One of the booths that we stopped at was Lollicup Coffee and Tea. They only had a selected few choices to choose from. So we had ordered the mango teas with extra Boba. We paid $7 a piece for our teas and extra Boba, but they were well worth it since we had been walking around for awhile before we decided what we were gonna do. Thanks ladies for the teas.
4	High-quality boba milk tea at fair prices. Ask for no ice (for more milk tea)--it's free!
1	Strawberry boba Drink was so disgusting ,Too Sweet,...Never again
3	I was looking for a place where I didn't feel guilty about grabbing a cold beverage on a hot day, and while the Coffee Bean and Dairy Queen in Town Square has some sweet options, I was looking for a better option that didn't load on too much cream, chocolate, and coffee. Lollicup is located in the center of Town Square, in the grass park area by the gazebos. I was delighted to see they carried boba here, and while China Town is quite a fair distance from Town Square, I instantly gravitated to getting a mango iced tea with boba. The prices are decent, and my favorite flavors out of the iced teas were mango and peach by far. From what I seen on the menu, there are different varieties and flavors of milk tea, both hot and cold, so whatever the weather is like outside and whatever taste you have at that moment, you've got a pretty great list to choose from. I give it three stars not because my experience was A-OK, but it's one of those decent boba milk tea shops that's convenient when you are having a craving for it in Town Square (I have to give them props for being in Town Square, just in case the boba crave hits while I'm there!)
4	fresh watermelon being cut right in front of your eye for your slush. I'm not a fan of boba so i got a "virgin" one. It was a very refreshing slush on a hot day
4	During summer, in town square, it is so hot. Everytime i pass by the lollicup, i cant resist to go and wait in line and get a boba milk tea. I ask them to put less sugar everytime and they did. it was a perfect and quick fix when you are thirsty and hot in townsquare las vegas!!!
2	Not impressed. I ordered Taro Milk Tea w/ Boba. Cons:1. When I went to shake it. Part of the seal lifted and it splattered everywhere. 2. It wasn't cold enough. I like my drinks, especially Boba Tea to be chilly.3. The Boba clumped together blocking the straw a few times.4. OVERLY sweet! I couldn't even finish it.
3	I wanted to try this place after reading mixed reviews about it. I mean after all, I can't judge for myself if I've never tried it. Plus, I was really craving some Thai tea (guilty). So my friend and I were going to Town Square anyway and I figured why not try it. When I found the place, there was only one person ahead of me but the cashier seemed preoccupied with something and didn't service them till a few minutes afterward. I didn't mind waiting at all seeing as there were a few people waiting before me to get their drinks so it seemed like it would be a good place to test out. The service was fairly quick for having two people on shift. One criticism though is that when they sealed my cup, the plastic was not sealed flat and I was afraid my drink would spill. I felt that the service was lacking a bit because I was cheery and they both seemed a bit dull. Oh well...can't expect too much I suppose. I would go crazy too locked in a little box like that. I felt their drink quality was mediocre. But for the price, I can deal with it.
5	Best place for a boba fix! Great milk tea with decent price. Drinks have the right amount of ice and syrup comparing to other Boba places (which give u almost a whole cup of ice with either too much or too less syrup). Location is central in town square and easy to stop by, pick up a drink, and continue shopping or whatnot. Workers are friendly and drinks don't usually take too long to be made and served. Overall, if you are looking for a quick boba fix, lollicup is the place to go!
5	I've been here about 5 times already and every time the boba was really delicious. I'm totally pushing the fresh watermelon slush  right now, it isvery refreshing and DELISH!!!!
3	So I went to townsquare and I had this very bad craving for boba, and there it was, a lollicup, back in california, i always went to a lollicup so i didn't see why it wouldn't be good here. wrong. I ordered a large mango tea with boba, and the total came to 4.60 not bad, the tea was delicious, but damn, it took forever to get it out, and i was the only person there. well whatever so I downed that whole thing in 4 minutes since it's hot as hell and im dying outside hahah. well the boba was not so great, hard and flavorless, I couldn't even eat it anymore, i just drank the drink, and then threw away the boba.  I miss california boba
5	I've had some items here that I would easily have seconds on. Lately it's their watermelon cooler, frozen watermelon all blended up and frozen. Fresh watermelon too, I've seen them hauling a bunch of em in by hand. Good stuff for summer or whenever you need some tasty smoothies.
2	the drinks were decent. but the boba was not consistent, one day it would be sweet like honey , then other times it was bland. also there was a time when they ran out of boba, what a shame. but the main reason why i won't be going back was because of rude service. i called and asked a simple question and instead of giving an answer, they just hung up. i understand that it may be busy, but even if the customer is not there at the window in front of your face, that kind of service should not be tolerated.i will spend my time and money at tea station from now on. the quality of their boba is more authentic than this powdered place.
4	I live in SoCal, so I'm spoiled to have some of the best boba places around.  My friend and I, we love boba and it's somewhat surprising that there's not more boba places considering the hot weather of Vegas.  Anyways, Lollicup has been the only spot (so far) that has the same quality boba as SoCal.  I've only had the coconut (really sweet), jasmine, and regular milk and they tasted great!  However, I do wish that they have popcorn chicken and some more food options to snack on.
5	Great place if you need youre boba tea fix. Always hits the spot.
3	I personally love boba, but I'm very picky when it comes to the perfect consistency. I've been to places that serve boba that's too hard, other places serve boba that's too soft. Haha. Now I sound like Goldilocks. I guess I just didn't realize how difficult it is to cook boba. Apparently, it isn't as easy as I thought. Lollicup is one of the few places that serves perfectly cooked boba and the drink flavors are good as well. My favorite flavor is the Taro milk tea. I wouldn't say theirs is the best I've had, but their Passion iced tea with mango jelly is pretty darn amazing. That drink will keep me coming back for more.
3	Me, Terri R, and Alicia R recently hit this place up for dessert.  The original plan was Claim Jumper but since we were all tired out from dinner, something light like boba was good enough to hit the spot, catch up on the week, and hang out.  Nothing beats dessert and great convo with some of my favorite people (i.e. the Wonder Twins). I had their Cappuccino Blast with double boba.  The boba was consistent and the drink itself was pretty good.  For a Lollicup, I was actually surprised that there was a little coffee kick to it.  Usually their drinks are just okay and powdery.  But not on this visit. This Lollicup has your regular after lunch and dinner treats like smoothies, milk teas, and boba.  I prefer my boba from places like No 1 Boba, Icy Juicy, and the Perfect Scoop.  But when you're in the mood for a cold refreshment with boba and you're in Town Square, then Lollicup is one of those places that needs to be visited.  The drinks here are average, but will still hit the spot. What makes this Lollicup different from the rest of the Lollicups out there is the that this one is a basically a little stand meaning there's really no place to chill.  You simply put your order in and wait for them to serve it.  The drinks here aren't bad at all, just not the best I've had.  I'm not giving Lollicup 3 Stars because it was bad.  It's just average to what you'll find around town. Cappuccino Blast w/Boba:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lollicup-coffee-and-tea-las-vegas?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ#Wj5nK6zMi1zi92pQ8hks3Q
4	I remember the days when you could only find boba in Chinatown.  Thankfully that is no longer the case and now there are boba places in almost every Vegas neighborhood. If you ever have the craving while at Town Square, you can stop by the Lollicup hut near the playground.  It's a nice refreshing option to have if you want to avoid the pretzel hut or the cookie hut.  I'm a fan of the Strawberry slush with extra boba, but I've also enjoyed the honey milk tea.  The young kids who work there are always nice and give good service.
5	Every time I'm at Town Square I go and get a honey milk tea with boba  , so yummythe prices are a bit much for the size of the cup.. but its that good! yes , its really that great..  some time there is a line for all the tourests but it can be fun to just sit and people watch as you sip pure pleasure.
4	My boyfriend and I visited Lollicup for the first time during the middle of the day in 115 degree weather. We were near heat exhaustion and needing a drink. We both got a bottle of water, which we instantly downed and a watermelon smoothie- the one made with real fruit.OMG- The watermelon smoothie was the most amazing, perfect thing on a ridiculously hot day. I can't remember the last time something tasted so good or so refreshing. It just hit the spot.Service was a little slow at Lollicup. We had one couple in front of us, but waited about ten minutes. It felt more intense because we were so hot!I would definitely go here again and will seek out the chain in my local area. Loved it!
1	I was already irritated after I paid for my drink because I thought it was extremely overpriced, but almost lost my temper completely when I literally waited over twenty minutes for two smoothies.  There were several drink orders in front of me but it did not warrant a twenty minute wait.  My husband and I ended up missing the movie we planned on watching in the movie theater upstairs.  My mango smoothie that cost over five dollars tasted nasty too.  It didn't even taste like mango, and there was a weird after taste. Never again....
5	The only place I go to for quality boba tea! They're friendly and the place is a great place to hang out!
5	Always a staple for good boba tea! Friendly staff, great drink! Love this place!watermelon slushy it was amazing! So refreshing ! My friend has honey dew slushy is very good too!
3	This has got to be the only Lollicup in town! When I lived in Texas, we used to frequent their stores for my boba tea fix. I was in Town Square the other day feeling extremely thirsty after some shopping and rememered that this place was here so I decided to stop by. There was already a crowd waiting for their drinks so I went over to the ordering window, where there was nobody there. I waited for a minute and saw staff on the other side making drinks. 2 people looked over at me but neither of them acknowledged me so I kept waiting and waiting. Finally they were done making an order of drinks, handed it off to customers and came over to take my order. I decided to try an Almond Milk Tea w/ boba which came out to $4.81, which is a little pricey...but I guess it's because this place is inside a mall. The tea was good and creamy and the boba was chewy and not undercooked or old. I would come back again but only if I were at Town Square. If I wanted boba any other time, I'd just go to Chinatown
3	Another average boba place to get your drinks at? Lollicup! Yet, it is the only place to get your boba fix in Town Square mall!! Lollicup is a small location located in front of the entrance of the children's park. It is a bit overpriced, but boba always is! It has a list of cold teas, slushes, and snows that you can get with boba tea balls. They even have a list of hot drink items that you may order! Flavors are so-so. It's not the best boba drink in town. A lot of it is too sweet or too odd tasting. Just today I ordered a Honey Milk Tea with boba. It tasted as if I squeezed a bottle of honey into my mouth! It was pretty weird! Even their avocado is just okay!One of the things that I do love about Lollicup is that their boba balls are squishy and soft. It's some of the best tasting boba balls in town! ;P The -boba tea balls- have always been consistent. But like I said earlier, I can't say the same for the actual drink! To order again and get your boba fix, I would just stick with regular flavors like Milk Tea with boba. Also, cold boba is more satisfying in the summer!! Otherwise, try a hot drink if you're feeling cold! Sooo.. quench your thirst with boba, but if you don't like sweet things, don't waste your money!
1	I was willing to accept the expensive, mediocre boba tea. I was also willing to accept the 20+ minute wait both times I ordered.What I'm not willing to accept is that the cashier told me they were out of boba. I ordered tea anyway. The people who ordered before me got boba, which makes sense. However, the couple that ordered after I did got boba too.So they were only out of boba for my drink?
1	Rude!!! Went to the window at 8:53 and no one was around, a minute later a girl comes up and says they're out of boba and no hot drinks because they're about to close.  I said, "ok nevermind" since it was such a burden to her.   As we were leaving, she was actually happier that we weren't getting anything, which would've caused her to actually work.
2	Meh. Exactly how I feel about it.Okay, I'll admit I'm new to this boba game.. I'm no expert on it.We were in town square yesterday, and decided to have a small snack before dinner. I'm not into the tea, I like smoothies with my boba.First of all, you can get a much larger, and better blended smoothie at jamba or tropical smoothie, for about $2 less....and if you want to add boba to a smoothie, it's .50 cents.We were the only ones in line, and it did feel like I waited a while for it. When I got it, I just felt it was lackluster. It didn't have a fantastic taste, and when I'm being charged for something I want added, I kind of expect it to last through the entire drink. I felt that I barely had any boba.... There was a single row that lined the bottom of my cup. The smoothie wasn't really blended either, it had large chunks of ice, making it very mehh.
1	This needs zero stars. Where is the management for this place! The customer service is severely lacking , non existent , and why are we put in a position to have to get attention to take our business. PASS!
2	Boba was good! But I do have to mention the ants crawling all around the inside of the "pick up" window!! Ahh so gross
4	I'm not actually a fan of Lollicup as a company, but this one is better than the ones in southern California. There was a huge variety of drink options not available in California. I tried the Strawberry Kiss - strawberry peach tea with strawberry and peach bits. It was pretty good. I could taste the tea flavor, and there were lots of fruit chunks. It's a little on the expensive side, but what do you expect if you're paying for a drink. This Lollicup is more on par with the likes of Cha for Tea. Very surprising, considering it's literally a little shack. Well done Town Square.
5	Who can say no to a cup of yummy boba milk tea when shopping at town square? The boba is always cooked perfectly and the fruit smoothies r great too!
1	Boba here is disgusting. Vegas got nothing compared to California's Lollicup.. Or any boba places for that matter. Vegas needs to step their boba game up.
