5	This is where it's at! If you are looking for really good, cheap and somewhat late night (I think they are open till 11pm) mexican food, you've got to try Rosita's. I absolutely loooove their mole sauce-- best in the Valley. Try the beans and rice burro, enchilada style with mole.  Pair it with a nice cold Pacifico-- Sunday afternoon Heaven! Their salsas are to die for, and both the red and green pack some serious punch!  You've got to pay a dollar for chips, but it's so worth it. The tamales are also muy delisioso!The little old ladies who work here are absolutely adorable in their little matching dresses. They are no nonsense, too. There's a sign posted that says "Please control your children!" I love it. Plus, they have a kick-ass temporary tattoo machine at the front where you can buy "Dogz" tattoos, with realistic looking dogs in gangsta settings. Classic.
1	In my constant search for newer, faster, and more interesting routes on my commute to work from CenPho to Tempe, I've been passing by Rosita's a lot recently, and coerced my husband, who came home the other night and said, "Carolina's?" to try Rosita's instead. Boy, was I sorry. Let's start with the mariachi musicians who stood so closely behind me that they completely invaded my "stranger bubble" and I was forced to move my seat at the table. Next, there were the chips which were just ok to begin with, and ended with gobs of congealed grease after they had cooled a tad. Then, hubby's machaca chimi was fine, with decent flavor, but my pork carnitas was so dry it was literally inedible. You could look at it and see that the sliced pork was so dry it was like the dessicated flesh at the Body Worlds exhibit. Gross, I know, but so was this meat. It simply should not have been served by a conscientious restaurant. Next time, I won't contest it when Hubby suggests Carolina's (who serves the best chimis and by far the best tortillas in town).
4	I drive by Rosita's all the time-- and have never stopeed to go in... until 2 days ago and I am so glad I did.  It looks really tiny from McDowell but actually it is a pretty decent size.  I ordered the good ol standby: beef taco and cheese enchilada and rice.  I was very pleased with my meal.  It was affordable and tasty.  I will go back again.  The only drawback is the pond inside-- things like that skeeve me out. Service was normal, food came quickly (like most Mexican food places) and the chips were good- warm when delivered and the salsa was great!
5	I've lived in the Phoenix area for eight years and have eaten at dozens of different Mexican places looking for the best food. Rosita's Place has consistently come out on top. Their refried beans are the best I've ever eaten. Let me say that again: their refried beans are the best I've ever eaten. I like their carne asada burrito and their green chili is also good. The building looks a little worn from the outside, but inside it's very clean and the service is always good. I wish they had other locations because it's a long drive from where I live in Chandler.
4	Their chips and salsas are excellent and very spicy.  I always get the same thing on the menu... it is a combination plate with a beef taco and cheese enchilada.  The beef taco is yummy... I think they mix potato in with the beef.  I really like this combo although some people do not.  Everyone I have brought here absolutely loves it.  I told my mom about this place because (she is a local restaurateur) and she loves this place too.  That is saying a lot coming from her:)
5	So there I was, unknowingly scaling the sometimes greasy, sometimes nasty, always treacherous mountain known as the pinnacle of Mexican Food in Phoenix. And when I finally trudged past the swill near the bottom, (you know who you are, Garcia's, Macayo's, etc) Past the others that were"good" but not memorable or noteworthy.There you were, alone at the apex of my appetite of desire... Hello my jewel Rosita's.Fresh traditional Mexican prepared fast and warm...Like the menu claims "Their specialty is good tasting food." I would swap good with great. And have a margarita too.
3	I don't know how many Margaritas some of these reviewers HAD becuase these people were ANYTHING but fast!!The dining room wasn't even full and there were 3 servers and yet it took them nearly 30 minutes to take our drink order! I wanted to leave, but my friend wanted to eat there soooo bad so I decided to give it a try. After our food was ordered, it took ANOTHER 30 minutes for the food to hit the table... Our server then brought a round of refils and the check and we didn't see her for the rest of the night! I did enjoy my dinner, the food was better than good. I had menudo, which wasn't anything great. I've had much better menudo on the rez! OH! and they didn't have any cilantro!! I was shocked! so my menudo lacked soul. :( I got a side order of beef  taco which was good. :) I liked it. The salsa is KILLER!! I kept trying to eat it so I'd get used to it... no such luck! But it definatly released the endorphans! And cleared my sinuses... and brought a little water to my eyes! And that says a lot, cuz I can handle a lot of hot food!Over all, I dig the food, the place was very colorful and festive. Which is always a plus. I could do without the mariachi band. oh DUDE! the band almost got into a fight with one of the patrons!! The patron was all drunk and kept requesting songs, and I guess he didn't know it was $3 a song, so they wanted their money, he didn't have any and that's when things got U-G-L-Y!! It was funny cuz the guy was drunk but yeah - it's $3 a song! But yeah, I dig that rough environment. I honestly think it was an isolated incident, overall it was a nice place. I recommend sitting by the window and just enjoy your self while trying to handle the salsa!!
5	I absolutely love Rosita's Place. This is the definition of real Mexican Food. I have gone here for years i tell everyone i know who loves Mexican food that they must go here. I am still surprised so many people in Phoenix still don't know about it. Also it is one of the best Albondigas i have ever eaten at any restaurant. Since i have moved out of state this is one of the places i miss going to on a regular basis.
5	One of the better mexican places in central phoenix - and there are no shortage of them.All the standards are great. The chips are always fresh. The salsa is HOT. Yum. Their guacamole is freshly made. You can't go wrong. So go. Some of my favoritesCheese crisp w green chilesAlbondingas (mexican meatball) soupShredded beef tacoGreen corn tamalesSome of the items on the grill menu are superb! Pork chops (with fries and beans - ask for cheese on beans!)Short ribs You really can't go wrong. It's inexpensive, fresh, home cooked, clean, and delicious. Only downside - the margaritas are kind of weak. On the other hand, they are cheap, so you can have 3 and it won't hurt you too much. :)
4	Rositas has grown with the city of Phoenix, The first location was originally downtown and the restaurant slowly made its way to just West McDowell and 24th St.   Mexican Food is taken a serious art in the Central Phoenix area.  Rositas is a dominate location that keeps people excited to return.
4	I'm not going to say there are alot of Mexican restaraunts in the valley. I believe that has been mentioned before. I ended up at Rosita's Place because a co-worker was meeting someone there. I doubt I would have dropped in on my own. Upon walking in, I was turned off by their signs about what they will not do. They will not split the check. They charge for the chips. I was prepared for a bad experience.Rosita's Place is now on my "A" lunch circuit. I agree that the service was not world class, but the portions were generous and the food was delicious. As seen on other reviews for Rosita's, both the green and red salsas packed a heck of a kick. Unfettered, I ordered the Camarones a Diablo (Devil's Shrimp). It came after a longer than average wait, and it was a spicy, tasty meal. The chips came out very hot and fresh, and my lunch partners dishes looked equally appetizing.Give Rosita's Place a shot, you will not regret it.
2	I read the reviews on here, so I was excited to try this place especially since it's so close to my house.   After eating there once, I doubt that I will ever go again.  I always judge a Mexican restaurant by the beans, and theirs didn't taste good.  I ordered the machaca (shredded beef with onions, bell peppers and tomatoes) tacos.  They came without any cheese.  WHAT?!?!?  How can you give me a taco without cheese!  The meat was OK but the taco itself was very greasy.  My husband ordered two enchiladas, one machaca and one chicken.  He liked the machaca but took two bites of his chicken and didn't like it.  I have to admit their horchata (rice milk drink) was good and a good size.  I know there's better Mexican food out there, so I'll keep searching...
3	I was honestly shocked at how absolutely amazing the food was at Rosita's because it is in the Ghetto (which happens to be less than two miles from my place ha ha).... and I was honestly shocked at how bad the service was. Normally Mexican restaurants have the best service, but man... it was literally a 2 hour dinner only because it was 20 minutes in between times where we saw our waitress and it took FOREVER to get the food even though they were not that busy. I had the Mexican eggs with beans.. DELISH. I was eating slow waiting for my delayed tortilla to arrive and I was over halfway done when it finally got there. I must say, a warm, fresh tortilla makes everything better! Honestly, the food was really, really good and if it we-rent for the REALLY bad service I would have given this place at least a four... maybe a five.
4	Tried their take-out the first time, it was great - good food, fresh meat, and big portion.Went there for lunch at the second time, very good food and it was cheap too. BUT, never order the spicy beef burrito - accidentally ordered it since the waitress spoke Spanish to me and my co-worker(time to study spanish now..), and we both got caught in this spicy dish. Couldn't finish the plate, and stomach did not like it. But in one word, good Mexican food. If you happen to be in that area, worth to go.
2	After an online argument with Julia T. about what constitutes Mexican food, I decided to try Rosita's Place, since she gave it such high praise. Upon walking in, I was actually pleasantly surprised at how clean the restaurant was. I was expecting more of a Carolina's type atmosphere. The lady who brought us our menus and sat us was very friendly. I thought the fish pond, while extremely odd, was a relaxing touch in the center of the dining room. We ordered a half-pitcher of margarita, some chips (since they were raved about) and it all came pretty much right away. The salsa was good, not great, but good. The red being the more flavorful, though hot, and the green being comparatively mild and bland. Margaritas were tasty, but verrrrrry weak. We went through the pitcher and wondered if they had much booze at all. I like the taste of tequila a lot, especially over margarita mix, but I could not taste any tequila in these. Then came the entrees, Chicken Enchiladas for her and Red Burro Enchilada style for me. I ate my food, as I will never leave something on my plate, but I was telling my girlfriend the whole time that it smelled like canned dog food. I didn't say this because I thought it was bad, or gross, but actually smelled identical to dog food. She agreed. I thought long and hard and today it came to me, it smelled like Pedigree brand. Overall it is a clean restaurant with great service, but unfortunately somewhat questionable food. I want to know what drugs people are on that makes them think this place has any type of quality. I'll probably go back and try something else, because it had a few things going for it, but the food is NOT one of them.+1 for cleanliness+1 for service-3 for food
4	Good food, great HOT sauce, nice interior, great wait staff, good chips.
5	I've been in DC for nearly five years now and every now and then, I still get an incredible craving for Rosita's Place.  I miss the salsa verde.  I miss the albondigas soup.  I miss the bean and cheese burritos enchilada style.  Sigh.  Nothing on this coast even comes close to the quality, authentic Mexican food this joint offers.  It's the first stop I make whenever I return to the Valley.  Get past the surly wait staff and the worn exterior.This place will not let you down.
5	i've only been here a few times for take out, so i can't speak for the service.  my food was TERRIFIC-- especially the carne asada burros and guacamole-- and ready for me when i arrived.  the salsas (i loooooved the green) were good as well.  i've eaten a lot of mexican food in my day, and this was top notch.
5	Rostias Place is the best Mexican food place in Phoenix.  They have amazing machaca and the salsa's are always great.  Sometime's the salsa's and chile are so hot I fear my stomach might explode, but in a good way. It doesn't get any better than Rosita's.
4	The food at Rosita's is great, the service fine. Their salsas set the standard for the area. The only issues with Rosita's have to do with the neighborhood and the parking. That aside, Rosita's is hard to beat for a balance of price and overall quality.
5	Rosita's Place is a Phoenix institution. Everyone who's anyone eats here, from former governor Bruce Babbitt to nobodies like me. My father used to tease me that I was "born with a spoon of Rosita's refried beans in my mouth;" I have been eating here for 40 years, and the waitress I remember from my childhood still works here.From their humble beginnings on Buckeye road to their "new" (they've been here quite awhile) location on McDowell Rd near 24th street, the owners of this restaurant have won more accolades for delicious home-cooked Mexican food than anywhere else in the Valley of the Sun. The huge portions of food are cheap and consistently delicious, based on family recipes. You're likely to encounter a live mariachi band on weekends. The red sauce is hotter than the green, but not by much - they'll both smoke your brains out of your skull. Everything is good. Keep returning until you've tried all of it. My favorites: chile relleno with rice, beans & flour tortilla, albondigas soup, carnitas plate, and the refried beans in general.Maybe it's because I've been dining at Rosita's Place regularly for my whole life, and they know me, but I never get slow service as has been mentioned in other reviews. Also, if you think this place is in the ghetto, and you don't like that you have to park in back where you can't see your car while you eat, you're too sheltered - in case you didn't notice, there is always a paid attendant keeping an eye on the parking lot!
4	Consistently satisfying. You know it's going to be good when the tortilla chips (1st basket comp., nominal charge for add'l.) are delivererd too hot to touch at first, lightly salted, with 2 choices, red or green salsa. The combo plates are generously portioned, flavorful, perfectly-balanced, complex in seasoning, comfort food. STRONG margaritas. Watch out! Never get "adverse side effects" from eating Mexican food here. A little pricey, but worth it. Take relatives visiting from out-of-state here for an authentic Mexican restaurant experience.
2	Based on previous yelp reviews, I was hoping to find another phoenix gem but alas I was dissapointed.The one thing about the reviews that was correct: service is not great.Here's the simple lowdown:Food is a solid 3Chips and Salsa were decent - chips were nice a warmGuac sucks - its the kind that they make every so often and put in refrigerator (try los somberros or bario cafe for real gauc)Taco - good flavor on the ground beef - but taco was luke warm, like it had been sitting 10-15 minutesFood Smell - I'm not sure if this was because I read on previus review...But I did notice a wierd smell to the enchilada.
4	Great atmosphere, good service. Excellent food. I ordered the taco, enchilada, tostada combo. Very delicious. Loved the beans and rice.
4	Pretty authentic and they have menu items that other restaurants don't. The posole, vegetable soup, and menudo are available on certain days...all pretty good. On weekends, it gets busy, so it's best to get there early. When I'm craving a sit down Mexican meal, Rosita's my first choice when I'm in Central Phoenix.
4	Rosita's is alright. I wouldn't file it under authentic Mexican food, but I certainly wouldn't call it Americanized either. Their beginnings were likely with authentic ingredients and recipes, but over time, things change a bit. I would say the best thing at this restaurant isn't on the menu: chips and salsa.
4	Rosita's Place Rocks! It has the right amount of dive atmosphere with just excellent food. The green & red sauce are both pretty hot and spicy Chips are fresh and fried on premises. All entrees are quite big and enough to feed two. It draws interesting crowd. I was there with some folks from work after a conference and so were in suits. There were some families, retired folks, emo-kids and bubbas. Try the combination burro with enchilada sauce. Can't go wrong with that. Beer and tequila is reasonably price.
4	Wow! every dish I've tried here has made me wiggle in my seat with happiness.  Love the sauces.  Delicious. Homestyle goodness.
5	This is one of the best Mexican food restaurants in the city. The food is authentic and the carnitas is excellent!The location isn't in the best part of town but it's well worth going because the food in amazing and priced great. If you want good Mexican food with large portions this is the pace to go.
4	Another great spot on the McDowell Mexican Food Expressway.  The other reviewers were dead-on and I appreciate the Yelp community for getting me prepped for waiting times.  I will agree and state that it is totally worth the wait - I had two enchiladas in red suace - one machaca and one pollo.  They were both excellent and I would highly recommend them to anyone.  It is slightly annoying that the chips have a cost, but seriously it's just a buck!  The salsa totally makes it worth it as well - I think the red salsa there is some of the best I've had in recent times.The atmosphere was great.  There was a little cantina towards the back and the place was a lot bigger and nicer than I was expecting.That pesky service is the only thing that keeps Rosita's from making the leap to great from good.  As I said, if you head in assuming things may take a while, not so bad; but I could see that becoming a problem in time-sensitive situations like lunch.One last quick tip - they don't split the bill, so make sure people in your party have cash or owe money to the person who ends up paying with the card.
4	I went here again yesterday.  The food as usual is very good.  The chips are right out of the oven (fryer.....where ever they come from) and are fresh.  My three year old son was with me.  He got a kick out of the koi pond in the front of the restaurant.  I normally do not associate koi with Mexican restaurants........The food was delicious.  I had the chicken mole enchiladas which were made just right.  The guacamole was as fresh as it comes. The ambiance matched the atmosphere.  In addition, a designated parking area in the back.My only concern was the lack of service in general.
2	Service 4Food 2Cleanliness 3Atmosphere 3Value 3Pros:Great BeansFresh Tasting GuacamoleLarge DrinksCons:Parking lot exit dangerous to large vehicles healthSlowish ServiceLess Then Stellar FoodDishes Worth The Calories:Salsa Red/GreenBeansGuacamoleFull Review:This is one of those times when "Meh. I've experienced better" fits perfectly. I was so excited to come eat here :( Like Los Compadres it had been on the list for a long time. A 4 star Mexican place with very few bad reviews seemed like a safe bet. This place also showed up on Chow Bella a few days ago. I was prepared for another kick ass meal but figured I was in for meh service based on what I read. Seems like I received the complete 180 of an experience.Got there about 7:30 Saturday night. The place was 65% capacity at most. This surprised the heck out of me considering the time/reviews and recent writeup. Figured I was doomed for a night of waiting. We were at out table within 2 minutes and the waitress was there to take our drink order and drop off salsa in less then 5. She quickly returned with some HUGE glasses of water an a basket of chips. I was ready for these amazing hot from the fryer chips I had read so much about. What I got instead was room temp chips of which 1/2 had a nice freshly dipped in grease then cooled coat on them. I'm a good sport so I tried one of the greasy ones and all I could taste was room temp oil from a fryer that needed fresh oil in a bad bad way.. Blech :(The salsa however was very tasty. The red was far from burning hot that I had read so much about. It was warm but far from spicy and was one of the best things I would eat all evening. The green was also very flavorful and masked the gross chips well.We ordered a huge pile of food including a cheese crisp and guacamole which hit the table quickly. We were then in for a good 20 minute wait before the rest of the food showed up.Food Details:Guacamole:Very simple prep here. Avocado, Onion, Salt and 800lbs of tomatoes. I absolutely HATE fresh tomatoes but that's just a personal preference. The quac was fresh and tasty. There was nothing "wrong" with it there's just much better at countless places.Rice:So far from exciting I don't specifically recall. I just remember having a bite and moving on. Was a little greasy and bland :/Beans:Just went I thought dinner was a complete waste I took a few bites of these and WOW! some of the best beans I've ever had. Pretty sure there is a huge amount of lard but who cares. The texture was perfect.. the flavor was perfect.. I could have been satisfied with a side of quac, couple tortillas and a huge bowl of beans. Half of it was smashed/creamed and the other was whole beans. I'm not even a bean person and it was the only part of my plate that had been scrapped clean.Cheese Crisp:No real crisp at all. Just a tortilla with melted cheese and a major pool of grease.Green Chili Tamale:The texture was very rubbery but it was at least spicy. This was another "not bad but far from great" items.Ground Beef Taco:The shell was nice and crispy and didn't taco fail. The meat inside was this super fine texture but did not have a lot of flavor.Chili Relleno:Oh man.. I've been trying to figure this one out. Terrible is the only word I have for it. There were two of them on the table and they were both the same. The batter was literally water logged and there was nothing on the plate to do that. They weren't greasy.. they were watery. I'm nearly positive these were made in house, frozen, and heated to order. There's no other way they could get a spongy soggy texture like that any other way.Enchilada:Suffered from more cheese on top of my enchilada then inside of it and a serious lack of red sauce. Don't get me wrong.. I like cheese but it was 10% red sauce and 90% cheese. I couldn't even really taste the red sauce to see if it was any good. The enchilada was a corn tortilla with a sprinkle of cheese on the inside. It was literally flat on the plate like someone folded it then smashed it down that's how skimpy the filling was.Red Sauce:Don't know.. there was not enough of it on anything to actually taste it.Could this have been an off night? I guess its possible but I order so much variety that it pretty much rules out having a bad experience because a single item wasn't good that night. Is this the worst Mexican in town? Far from it.. But there are so many other great places I feel sorry for anyone who might call this their only Mexican stop when they have a craving. They are missing out on some real good food out there.
4	Mole, Vicente Fernandez, and Walls Full of Tavo Barrios paintings. It will be Volver for Me! My boss made me eat here today. And it was good. Mole in Phoenix Mexican restaurants is not common. I'm sure a true foodie could tear up the mole chicken enchiladas at Rosita's Place. I rarely order enchiladas but had to try the mole. I found it slightly sweet, neither chile hot or ingredient/cooking bitter and I found my choice for lunch very good. The chips were light, unsalted, fresh and good. The red and green salsa served with them hot, but not too hot. Would I have a Canadian Phoenix newcomer eat Rosita's salsa and chips? It would depend on the Canadian. The beans and rice were good with no points to down them. I was offered a to-go cup for my ice tea as we left. Nice touch. Background music was Vicente Fernandez. That might have been the juke box choice. It gave a classic touch to lunch and wasn't too loud. We had company with us, and got a lot of talking and future cooperative efforts put together. Be careful of the fountain!  We heard stories of three unfortuante souls who weren't, two of them sober!  And that was during the minute it took to pay our tab and get out.  No split tabs by the way.  Yes, I'll be back.
4	If you happen to drive a long way just to find yourself at the Barrio Cafe, on a Monday afternoon, and then notice the sign that says they are closed on Monday's, then I've got a great solution for you.Head south-east my friend, over to Rosita's.  This is a great little 'hole in the wall' eatery.  I wasn't disappointed, and neither was the group I had in tow.  Their re-fried beans were so creamy and flavour-ful.  Yeah, that's right, I used a 'u' in flavour, because they're that good.Next time I'm in the area, I plan on giving the frozen horchata with coconut rum a taste.Be forewarned, the place is small, so if there is a group of cackling hens at the table behind you doing tequila shooters, it will make for a vexing dining experience.
4	I'm from New Mexico, and being right next door, you think it would be easy to get some familiar grub. Not so! Unless I'm headed over to my mom's for dinner, my quest for food familiar to my taste buds has pretty much been a bust.Although it's kind of weird to have a bunch of koi fish in a too-shallow, too-small space right when you walk in, that (and the fact that Rosita's is, indeed, in a sketchy part of town) is the only detraction.The food isn't New Mexican, but it is yummy. I've eaten here several times. The tacos are okay. The chicken flautas come loaded with tons of sour cream and guacamole.  A friend of mine says that you can tell the quality of a place by their rice and beans, and Rosita's doesn't disappoint.Where Rosita's shines, though, is in its soups and green chile meat dishes. Go starting in October for the best posole. Or order the green chile burrito, enchilada style. The chile isn't for wimps, and the meat is tender and melts in your mouth.
1	We've been going here for 25 years and I had my first BAD meal recently. A rotten chicken tamale, the corn meal might have had rancid fat in it or the chicken was rotten, either way it was stinky. The wait staff didn't seem outraged and shrugged it off as though this has happened before.  I may go back here in another year, but Rosita's Place is off limits for me now.
4	The only spicy Mexican food I've had in the valley.  More please.
4	I really wanted Chilaquiles when i got there but i also wanted Menudo.  I ended up ordering the Red Menudo and it was really good.  There was no fat in it and most places give you a lot of fat in your bowl.  I did need to use the restroom seeing as i am pregnant after the meal, but the stahl was locked from the inside. I told the front desk but they didn't do anything about it at the moment so i had to stop somewhere else.  The food service was great otherwise.
2	I come regularly with my family. Over all the food is good but they charge for tortilla chips and I have never seen that before. I had the chicken flauta combo, the rice and beans were delicious but the flauta didn't have any favor to it. The guacamole would be better if they didn't add tomatoes to it and just kept it avocado only.
3	Tremendously spicy salsa, my mouth was burning but it was so good I kept going back for more. I ordered the bean and cheese burrito (that was no burrito, burro muy grande) enchilada style. I could actually taste the lard in the beans. I ate half and took the rest home. Healthy? No! Cheap and delicious. Si! I will be back.
3	Very welcoming staff with great service. The refried beans here are among the very best restaurant beans I have ever had. The chili rellenos are good. Overall very satisfied and will be back.
5	This is the real-deal Mexican food in Arizona. (Not to be confused with Rosita's local chain of restaurants.) Home-cooked goodness. Freshly cooked chips, spicy red and green salsa. Try the chicken chilie relleno or a green chili burro enchilada style.  For you meat purists, check out the sauteed beef burro or the carnitas burro(!). It's all soooo good - not a bad item on the menu. Go to Rosita's Place - you'll be glad you did.
5	I've been dining at Rosita's Place since the 80s.  It's probably my favorite Mexican restaurant overall.  Here's what I love:Green corn tamalesRed sauceGreen sauceChili rellenoWait staff (often the same waitresses who served in the 80s!)MariachisInsanely large glass of iced teaAtmosphereI think Rosita's Place is the real deal.  It's not healthy food; it may not be particularly inventive food.  But it is done well, in a friendly environment.
5	Love this place.  If I wasn't on the opposite side of the continent I'd go there all the time.  They start you out with a basket of smoking-hot fresh chips and salsa that's spicy enough to hurt but so tasty you can't stop eating it.  Everything I've eaten there has been good.  My favorite thing to get is a machaca burrito.  Excellent rice and beans come with it.  I go every time I'm in Arizona and I wish I was there right now!
4	Came here my accident was starving and wanted Mexican. This place is awesome. Authentic, great tasting and priced well a lunch/dinner for 2 is about 18 dollars. Will come back!
4	great menudo. enough said.
2	ok mexican food, but the best chili relleno w/ cheese!
5	The refried beans are better than chocolate!  Worth the drive!
4	Freshest ingredients, authentic recipes and reasonably priced!!
4	For a good hang over destination, Rosita's is the place for me. Bean and cheese burrito with green chili is the perfect stomach soother. Chips are a little to greasy for me, but the salsa has the perfect temp. I like it a little hotter ie (los dos molinos). The only other item I have had at Rosita's is the chimi. Also good, but if you are a bean and cheese fan, the beans are some of the best in town. That probably also means they are some of the more unhealthy beans in town.
1	We have a contest going on at work. We choose a type of food we like, then go out and find 5 different restaurants to try that type of food from. Whichever restaurant we rank highest is where we'll go when we're in the mood for that type of food. There are 4, sometimes 5 of us so the winning restaurants get a nice sale each time we go out. I let the cashiers/owners know about our contest up front so they know we'll be back (plenty) if they win. We've done Gyros (Z's Greek wins), Burgers (Chicago Hamburger Company wins), and now we're doing hard shell tacos.  Today we tried Rosita's place. I walked in and let the lady know about our contest. She asked what restaurants we planned to try then mentioned that we shouldn't include franchise restaurants because their food will be cheap and sub-par and cannot touch a family restaurant like hers. I appreciated her opinion. I started my order by asking if I could substitute one of the ground beef tacos in the combination plate for chicken and was given an emphatic NO. She said it costs them extra for the meat so it was only fair to charge us extra. So, I kindly paid an extra 2.50 to get a machaca and chicken taco in my combo and continued the order. I asked for mild salsa with one pair of tacos and was told "we have red and green and everyone will get both". 4 of us ordered a total of 8 tacos, 1 combination plate, and an order of chips and salsa. Total sale was around 33 bucks.  I get back to the office and hand out the food and this is when we realized that we got CHIPS AND HOT SAUCE, not Chips and Salsa which was a very unpleasant surprise. Many of the chips were chewy and soggy and we threw most of the bag away because of this. I expected white meat in my 3.00 chicken tacos but received dark, greasy meat. I thought a family restaurant will always provide quality meat?? The machaca was so overloaded with grease that the lettuce turned gray and slimy and the hard taco turned soft and mushy. I literally had to POUR the grease out. The chicken was flavorless and we didn't get cheese on any of the tacos. Let me guess, only fair they charge extra for cheese?? Not all of our tacos were as bad as mine but we all expected better flavor, cheese on our tacos, white-meat chicken, the ability to mix and match taco choices, and salsa with our chips; after all, a family restaurant will always be better quality than a franchise, RIGHT? The beans and rice were pretty good and while I do like my hot sauce hot I feel they substitute flavor with spice. All in all, I give Rosita's Place 3 out of 1000 stars (for the rice and beans and that's sad). I also found it offensive and absurd that they would openly slam on franchise restaurants when a Filiberto's or Chipotle taco blows the doors off of Rosita's Place. All of us agreed that this place would be at the bottom of the list come time to choose a winner. This is obviously not saying any other entree they have is just as bad; I'm only discussing their tacos. I was waiting all week to get some good tacos and am highly disappointed. It's safe to say I will never go to this restaurant again.
3	Can you say SALT?  Yep, lots and lots of salt.  Don't get me wrong, I have been frequenting Rosita's for more than a few years and I have always loved their bean and cheese burrito enchilada style...oh yeah..and of course their chips and salsa are pretty tasty - as long as you don't take a big bite of cold harden grease on your chip.  Totally blows the meal, as you could understand. Pretty much only go if you have to have some sodium after a  heavy night of drinking heavily or in dire need of some good ole hip widening comfort food.  You'll probably see me there on a Sunday afternoon with the biggest pair of sunglasses I can get my hands on while popping Advil.
3	Rosita's has some of the best Mexican Food that I have ever eaten in Phoenix, and has a great atmosphere. That being said, you might wonder why I am only giving it three stars. I have been going to Rositas off and on since 1998. I have had some of the rudest disconnected service there over that time period. Many of the wait staff seem to think that they are doing you a favor by waiting on you, and at points I have actually felt like a bother. I usually go back once every year or two to see if things have changed. Most of the time it hasn't. The only reason that I have ever wanted to go back was because of the food.This all being said, the last time I went there was a decent experience. The food was great as usual and the service was noticeably better. The waitress wasn't as disinterested or rude like I have experienced in the past. She wasn't super friendly, but I didn't wish I had gone someplace else. Like I said, the only reason I go back is the food, so I was happy to see better service this time. This was a good and welcomed improvement. I'm not picky, check out my other reviews. This is the lowest one I have done so far. Rositas would be the Mexican restaurant of choice in the Phoenix area if the demeanor of the wait staff was better. I am happy to see that they are at least hiring people with better attitudes. I hope this lasts.
2	We have been going there for years, and putting up with poor service because the food was good.  Our recent visit was our last.  The waitresses all act like they are exasperated that they have to wait on us, bordering on rude.  We try an experiment every time we go in.  We watch numerous customers come in WAY after us, and order AFTER us, and get their food BEFORE us.  We chalk this up to only one thing.  We are white, and the others getting better service are hispanic.Now that the food is not satisfactory, I see no reason to go back.  My beef taco was a mixture of mealy beef and chunks of potato.  It was so disgusting I couldn't even eat it.  There has been a definite change in the food from years ago.  Yuk.  There are plenty of better places out now that have better quality food and GREAT service.
5	Dined here 200+ times. **My parents have been dining here for three decades - my review is prejudiced.  Rosita's is the anti-Macayo's.  As the above asterisks indicate, Rosita's is my "Best Mexican Restaurant in Phoenix." I cringe at the use of the word "authentic" when discussing cuisine, so it won't be used here.  What I can say to supplant that generic word is that their food is unapologetically spicy, they don't cater to vegetarians or finicky diners, and their entire operation - from service to the "security guard" in the back - is unpretentious.  I've known the most of the staff for my entire life, and for what they might lack in their eagerness to interact to the common diner, they make up in genuineness. Please Have - machaca plate, green chile burro/chimi, albondigas, chips and salsa. M. Flowers.
1	Drinks are weak & from a mix, food is less then desirable & the waitress we got is so cranky that even my spanish speaking friends couldn't get her to crack a smile! skip this joint!
3	The food was great and I would go back for this reason alone.  The service was not good. The waitress was grouchy and we tried to be friendly but she wasn't buying it.  She wasn't accommodating to our friend that was with us, who only wanted carne asada by itself not on a tortilla.  The request shouldn't have been a big deal but the waitress would not offer any alternatives.  I felt like I was bothering her, as if we interrupted her break to order food. The burros and salsa were fantastic, if you can deal with the rudeness and long wait then I would recommend this place otherwise order take-out.
5	Went here for the first time today and I have to say that they have the best menudo I've had so far in the valley.Service is a little slow but I kinda like that for a Saturday morning breakfast place... never feel like you are being rushed out the door.I would like to come back and try some of their other food but for now I'll be coming back for the menudo
5	Great food!  Service was quick and staff was nice!  Very authentic mexican food and some of the best tamales I've had!  Definitely try the green tamales!
5	Don't let the seedy location fool ya, this place is the bomb, serving up some of the most authentic Mexican I've ever tasted.Your experience will begin with parking in the rear of the place. As you make the long walk to the front entrance, you'll disregard any conversation with others in your party as you worry whether or not your car will be there after dinner. It will and here's why.As you make your way to the front of the parking lot, you'll notice an old Mexican man, (actually a cliche or sorts, complete with sombrero and serape) sitting, vigilantly keeping an eye on your vehicle and everyone else's. This should calm you down, enough so that you're able to re-join the conversation. Now get inside and get ready for a cold Mexican beer and a pitcher of Margaritas. Their chips are gratis and served warm. A nice treat,. They offer red salsa, hot sauce, and tomatillo green sauce which is spectacularly hot.Every item on their menu is delicious, but my preference is either the Machaca burrito, or the Chicken Mole. Their mole sauce is off the charts good. Not too much chocolate, not too much chile, just right. What I really love is the black and white photos of old Mexican bandits, governors, rabble rousers, war hero, ex-Presidents and others. Here's my suggestion.Go on a weeknight when they're not busy. In this way, you can make your way around the room and get a close up look at the images, which in my opinion are worth a look,.The food, ambiance, service are all superb. This is the place where I take out-of towner's when they say they want 'real' Mexican food. This is also the place where your butt-hole will curse you the next day if you don't listen to him and ease up on the salsa.
4	Location, location, location...  Yes, the type of service you receive at Rosita's all depends upon where you sit.  My experience:  4 visits sitting in the bar = great service.  1 visit sitting in the dining room = painfully slow service.  So, the bar is definitely the way to go, and not just because it offers closer access to the margaritas.  ;)Now that we have that out of the way, let me tell you about the three main reasons I love Rosita's:Hot, salty tortilla chips with spicy salsa - the perfect starter that sets up the appetite perfectly for...Powerful and potent margaritas - the super nice female bartender is not skimpy on the tequila in these!And, best of all, the most wonderful carne asada burro I have ever experienced.  This is not your average burro with a bit of meat and lots of 'filler' - rice, etc.  No, this is an enormous tortilla packed with meat, meat and more meat!  If you get it enchilada-style like I do, it will be topped with a delightfully messy mix of cheese and red sauce.  Bite after bite of goodness!So, clear your afternoon (those margaritas pack a kick!), grab a friend or two and get going!
5	There aren't a ton of restaurants and are ABSOLUTELY PHENOMINAL.  This is one and, dare I say, is the best mexican food in AZ.I've written a fair amount of reviews and this one is likely to sound gushy enough to make my wife jealous.Their chips are made fresh.  Not made fresh that day.  MADE FRESH FOR YOU, right when you order them.  They charge $1 for a very large basket.  Salsa is free.The only thing I am not a fan of there is their red salsa, but thier green is so damn good and so damn hot.  I pay, but its worth it.Ok, now the beans. Oh my God!  They are so creamy and perfect.  I highly suggest you order a side to go along with your chips.  I live a solid 30 miles from this place and will drive here JUST for the beans.  My wife loves beans so much.  Its almost unnatural.  She could seriously sit down with a plate of beans, thats it, and be happy.She get absoluely giddy when she knows we are gonig here.Rellenos.  Oh my God AGAIN.  I can't even describe how wonderful they are.  They really are unlike any other restaurant's I've ever had.  First off, they are huge. Secondly they use a batter that fries up so light and puffy.  So you have this slightly crisy, kinda fluffy exterior surrounding strips of relleno pepper with the most luscious, ooey gooey cheese in the center.  I dump a ton of their green salsa on top and just go to town.  All you'll here from me are moans and sighs or delight once it is put in front of me until I'm done.  They actually continue a god 30 minutes after I leave as I replay the feast in my mind.  WOWThe chicken enchiladas are perfection, the machaca is oh so good, tacos are cripsy goodness.Here's my order...  Chips with green salsa and a side of beans while I wait for my a la cart cheese relleno and either a chicken enchilada with green sauce (not salsa) or a machaca taco.  Depends on what mood I'm in.If I eat the whole thing for lunch.  I don't eat dinner.There are only a couple places that really deliver every time like Rosita's does.MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMDAMN I LOVE THIS PLACE!!
5	Brian's favorite place where we always came before the ASU football games. How can a dinner with eight women not be great !Just another place missing Brian.
4	I'm in town for business and the guy at the front desk of the hotel recommended this place and it was a definite winner!Drove up, and frankly it's not in the best neighborhood but the guy in the parking lot keeping watch over the cars in the lot with a "Security" t shirt on put me at ease. Sat down and was welcomed immediately and offered the fresh chips and incredibly hot red and green salsa.  Although, I'm kind of a pansy when it comes to hot and spicy.  I Just ate the chips plain and they were wonderful.Had the Chicken Mole Enchiladas which were undeniably the best I've had.  The mole sauce was perfectly made with just the right amount of chocolate.  I have the stains all over my shirt to prove it!  The beans and rice were nice accompaniments.  Everyone knows the traditional "Mexican" restaurants where you go in and order the # 13 and they're all the same right?  Rosita's Place is NOT this type of eatery.  The food is authentic as authentic comes and should not be missed.
5	This is my husband's and my all-time favorite Mexican restaurant. You have to like spicy salsa though because they only have spicy green and spicy red salsa. Both are good if you can stand the heat! The chips are good: thin and hot (although you might have a few greasy ones at the bottom of the basket). I've never had better green corn tamales or refried beans than I can get here. My husband likes the egg burro with green sauce all over it. Yum, yum, yum!!!
5	I can see why this place has such high ratings.  The staff were really nice, the service was outstanding.  I didn't find it slow at all, especially since what you are waiting for is fresh food.  The interior was spacious.  There were gentlemen playing guitars in the corner. The prices were good, particularly considering how much food you get.  I ended up taking more than half of my food home.  The food was delicious!  The two kinds of salsa were both fresh and delicious.  The red was my favorite of the two because of its smoky flavor.  They make their chips on the spot when you order them, so they were hot and crunchy.  I ordered the machaca. I had never had it before and it was phenomenal.  I also ordered the green chile, which I expected to be spicier since it had an * warning, but I could have handled a little more heat to the dish.  I can only imagine what they put in the refried beans to make them so good, my arteries probably should not inquire.  They serve homemade tortillas, hot and fresh.  They can bury me in one like a shroud one day.  I will definitely go back to try other things.
5	Listen this is true old school Mexican cooking.  If your on a Diet stick with water with lemon or leave it at the door pick it up on the way out.  We eat here all the time but today was the bomb so good their green mix all green enchilada style OH MAN ITS GOOD staff is always very friendly the owners and her family are very accommodating their menudo is some of the best and not to many restaurants have good menudo this place is very good and you get a lot for your money affordable
2	Disappointing.  We decided to drive across town and try it based on the Yelp reviews and it was definitely a letdown.  Not horrible but not particularly good either.On a Friday night at 7:30, it was less than half full. The people at the door were not particularly friendly but little did we know that it would go downhill from there.  Our waitress was one of the most surly servers I've ever had anywhere.  No greeting, no smile, no eye contact.  Just a look of pained exasperation.  We asked her a few questions and she simply ignored them.  It was not busy.  Seriously, the unfriendliness of the staff here is hard to overstate.  They just don't give a damn.The food was all over the place.Salsas - excellent, both red and green. Nice and spicy just like we like it.Chips - fresh, but greasy.Chicken enchiladas in mole sauce - quite good. Humongous portion.Steak Tampiquena  - just ok.  Not really a traditional Tampiquena.   About four ounces (or less) of pounded round steak with no topping of any kind.  Not bad but a bit pricey for the eleven bucks or so they are asking and not up to the standard that you get at most Mexican joints around town.Beans - Awesome, as many reviewers point out.  Some of the best refried beans I've ever had. By far the highlight of the meal.Guacamole -  Overwhelmed by the flavor of what I can only guess to be powdered citric acid instead of fresh lime juice.  Very odd and not really nice at all.  What kind of Mexican restaurant doesn't use fresh limes?  Mariachis - insistent and annoying.  And a bit much for a place like this really.$35 with two cheap drinks and a totally unwarranted tip.
4	I'm used to paying double for less than what I got at Rositas; so that alone is a big plus. I tried the carnitas burro and it was delicious -- tender, flavorful, non fatty meat and I had a few sips of their mango margarita with chili powder which was quite amazing as well! I will definitely come to Rositas the next time I'm in the mood for Mexican.
1	While the beans are tasty as other reviewers have said (they use lard in them; mmm mmm!) and the portion sizes generous, I just can't recommend you eat here based on the fact I found out they fry their nachos, and probably by extension other things using the fryer, in hydrogenated oil. You can "feel" it on the nachos, as they have a waxy coating when cooled.I know not everyone knows or perhaps cares about the deathly spectre of hydro-oils (most commonly referred to as trans fats), but believe me: they're highly dangerous.It's a damn shame, too, as most of the offerings at this place seem solid and they even have three-person mariachi bands at the ready to serenade you. In my short time in PHX, this looked like it was going to be the best Mexican place I had found yet. Oh well, back to the drawing board.
3	First impression walking in was definitely how clean it was. The food was good and didn't taste like every other Mexican food restaurant out there but had a more authentic taste to it. The drinks were really good too. The service was not the best but it wasn't bad. I recommend trying this restaurant at least once to form your own opinion.
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants when visiting Phoenix. The place doesn't look like much, but the food is really good. We have a lot of good Mexican and Tex Mex places in Dallas and I still rate this highly. I recommend either the chicken burrito or if you are up for it, the chicken chimichanga. There is something about how they make the chicken there that is the best I've ever had at a Mexican restaurant. They don't put anything but meat in the burritos, so get them with the green chile sauce and definitely order it "enchilada" style (melted cheese). The refried beans are great too. Others I've gone with love the pork carnitas.
5	Just for the two salsas alone I give this place 5 stars:  that wonderful green and also a maroon salsa------both with a good kick!  I've eaten at Rosita's Place a hundred times and I went again last night.  Honestly, sometimes I can tell when a different cook is in the kitchen, but my cheese enchiladas with the GREEN sauce was the old, wonderful recipe----you've got to order to green sauce.  The diner behind me was orgasmic about his dish, so I had to ask what he ordered:  STEAK PICADO; he gave me a sample and it was mighty tasty with intense heat.  As long as they can get that cheese enchilada right with the green sauce i will be forever devoted-------heck, if they served nothing but the unique green salsa and chips I'd dream about this food!Don't go here for the tacos or the chimis, but stick with the enchiladas, or cheese crisp or steak picado.  To go to some place like Tee Pee or Don Carlos or Milagro is just silly when you can go to Rosita's Place------this is the real deal, folks!
4	I was in Phoenix for a business trip trying to find a place to eat one night I decided to do some research.  Since I was in the SW I thought about Mexican. So I found in several articles and sites as well as Yelp that Rositas had the best Chile Verde. So I  got done with work early one night so I made my way to Rositas. It has an interesting parking lot, not really near anything, more of a neighborhood or lunch place. I order the mixed plate (half red, half green chile) rice, beans, chips and salsa, and a drink for $10!!!  The red chile and the rice was very good...the green chile the best I ever had!!! Very clean, very good service.  I enjoyed it so much a few nights ago I managed to squeeze it in before I caught my flight back home...this time, all green chile dinner!!!  Attention all Phoenix visitors, its conveniently close to the airport car rental facility!!
4	This place has really good Mexican food!!! I went for lunch and had the chicken burro enchilada style with green chili sauce. It was excellent!!! The chips are very good also but the red and green salsa are a little bit spicy. Overall a very good place and good prices.
4	#2 Rosita's is another place that is always busy! Rosita has great fresh tortilla chips and salsa, a mole that is to die for and a chili relleno that has to be the best in town. The atmosphere is so so and the crowd is not as friendly.. Service is good and the food is affordable like it should be! Stiff Margs too!
5	I visited Phoenix a few years ago for a gig (coming from LA). Had another musician friend who lived there turn me on to this place - awesome! Love the food and the divey ambience. If you're looking for fancy go somewhere else. If you're looking for authentic quality food this is the place. Absolutely delicious and I remember it still after 5+ years.
5	My favorite spot for Mexican food in the valley. I've been going there for years specifically for the white menudo. Their ground beef/potato tacos are incredible and I love that some of the servers have been there the entire time I have been going.
5	Lol don't let fellow yelpers get you down. This place is great. My family and I have been coming here for the last 10 years or so and have never been disappointed. I feel the staff is friendly, generous, and very helpful. The food makes me feel like I am back at home. Very authentic and just the right amount of spice (for me). I usually order the machaca chimichanga or machaca enchiladas. Both are excellent. They have some of the best cheese enchiladas in town and my family loves their tacos. It's quite a drive from our East Mesa home, but we always find time to make a trip down there.
4	Pros:  Chips, salsas, beans, green chili, BIG tacos, great prices/value.Cons:  Ground beef was mush, rice was meh.Bottom line:    In my longstanding quest to find a go-to Mexican joint in central Phoenix, Rosita's emerges as a leading contender.   The chips are made fresh to order ($1 for a big basket) and go great with the salsas, and even better with a side of beans.  About the beans:  they're as good as advertised, with a salty/creamy (but not textureless) combo that's bliss.  Too bad the rice was so ordinary and bland.  But no one has big expectations for Mexican style rice, so only a small knock here.The green chili burro ($5, additional $3 for beans and rice) is top notch, near Rito's in quality, but with a better construction.  Tender and spicy and not too soupy to soak through the tortilla.  Generous portion, too. For kicks I also ordered a crunchy taco with ground beef and potato.  On the good side, it was BIG for $2.60, and full of goodies, lots of cheese and a good but not excessive helping of lettuce.  Good value.  On the downside, the flavor and texture were very disappointing.  They blended the beef and potatoes together to make it a pasty mix.  Not appetizing at all.My friend got a chicken taco and enchilada and said the chicken was particularly flavorful and tasted like it was braised, which is uncommon in a town where most Mexican places boil and shred their chicken.The atmosphere inside is perfectly respectable for this kind of restaurant.  The neighborhood isn't great, but it's a well lit parking lot and there's an attendant watching the premises and the parking lot.  So there's that.
3	I went after I arrived to Phoenix for 1st time ever.  I eat a lot of Mexican so I feel I have a palette for good food.  It was good, chips were fresh but could taste the oil on them.  I ordered the green chili enchilada combination and it was HUGE.  It was good and I would definitely return especially after only paying $10.  I have a hard one believing its the best in Phoenix.  Service was excellent.
5	I absolutely love this place! I drive 30 miles from Mesa to eat at Rosita's Place every chance I get. Been coming here for at least 10 years or more. Best Mexican food in the valley. Their green corn tamales. Yum! Cheese enchiladas, red or green are the best....and not to forget the awsome refried beans.
3	The food here is delicios, but it takes forever. From the time I ordered to when I was served 25minutes. Come only if you have time to spare to sit and wait.
5	One of the few places that tastes like your Nana made it. AUTHENTIC!
2	It was my first time here. I ordered two cheese enchiladas and soft chicken taco, it was too salty and greasy. Lemonade was delicious, but personally, wouldn't be ordering enchiladas again. Overall, nice interior and they do play nice music and staff is friendly.
4	Stumbled on this after a fantastic day bowling...the neighborhood may seem sketchy but be a risk taker! Once inside, this place will leave you speechless. Where else do you get salty, spicy hot, cool, and crunch in one seating? The peach margarita definitely will make AZ's hot temps bearable without sacrificing the alcohol content like most frozen drinks. Besides, the more you have their homemade chips and salsa, you would want a pitcher of that concoction. The carnitas were different than I expected; partly because I didn't realize I would get a hunk of meat to configure my own burrito! The machaca was hands down the center stager of oohhaahh! And not to mention, I wanted to steal our service - happy, fun and all about making us happy!
2	The first time I went here, everything was absolutely spectacular. No complaints at all. Went here for the second time, last week and found myself far less satisfied than my first visit. There are not many vegetarian options, which is normally ok for me. I'm not difficult to please. Unfortunately, if I'm ordering a vegetarian dish, I'd really prefer not to find meat in it. This distinctly tainted my views on the place and I will not be going back here.
4	my fiance and i are huge fans of mexican food and there's rarely a time that we're not in the mood to eat it.  when a friend told me they served a speciality frozen horchata drink, i knew we had to check it out.the frozen horchata is served as a cocktail, and you have the option of getting it with either rum or vodka.  we opted to try both, and they were amazing! i definitely preferred the drink with vodka since it didn't take away from the flavor of the horchata like the rum did. after finishing his drink, my fiance ordered a jamaica margarita with chili on the rim.  i had a couple sips of it and it might have been better than the horchata! chips and salsa can really make or break a mexican place for me, so i really appreciated that their chips were hot and salty while the salsas (red and green) were spicy and delicious.  i ordered the chile relleno, and it came out super hot and covered in tons of cheese. i really enjoyed the flavors of it, and was sad that i could only eat about a third of the meal.  the standard bean and rice sides were also really tasty and better than i've had in a while. i will be definitely adding this place to my regular mexican restaurant rotation!
5	We stopped here after visiting Cosanti and the food is really good.  I had the carnitas tostada and it was loaded down with tender meat.  The salsa and chips were great and I ordered the agua fresca in tamarindo and it was delicious.  The regular size agua fresca is HUGE!  Great spot for Mexican if you are in town.
4	What a find!I found this place thank to my trusty Yelp app. I wanted some good, spicy Mexican food and Rosita's Place seemed to fit the bill.In all honesty I was planning to go to Los Dos Molinos, but they are closed on Sundays...You park behind the restaurant and walk around the front, dodging a few cars along the way.Walking in, I loved the atmosphere. It was bustling and full of life, but not overwhelmingly busy. We were seated at a table just past the indoor fish pond...hmmm.The service was prompt, the chips and salsa came right out. The salsa...oh the salsa, it is delish, full of flavor and lots of heat, but in a good way.I ordered the chicken enchilada plate one red and one green. My companion ordered the green chili tamale plate (out of this world good).They arrived glowing hot! The plates and food were so heat hot we could not start eating for about 10 minutes, (which allowed us to enjoy the ice cold beer). Once the food finally cooled to a manageable temperature it was amazing!!!The flavors were spot on, the chicken was super moist and each sauce was great. The refried beans here are like crack. I was so full but could not stop eating them. Yum!I'm pretty sure I have found my go-to Mexican spot in Phoenix.
5	I went to eat lunch a saturday got a seat right away.  I had fast service.  The Server was nice.The food was delicious.I recommend this place it was a great experience.
5	Good Food, Nice People!
5	Rosita's Place is one of my favorite Mexican restaurant in the Valley. I usually get the same thing everywhere I go and base my judgement on that one item. I order the green chili burro enchilida style. Rosita's offering was so good that I sometimes crave it and drive from Scottsdale just to get one. The salsa is always hot, and sometimes hotter, but very good. Just make sure you have your water in front of you before you try it. Any time I have out of town visitors, this is the place I take them.
4	Yum: perfect homemade beans, ranchero breakfasts, tacos, tortillas, chicken mole, and menudo. Homemade chips and original spicy salsa. Folks, there is SO much to love at this consistent, satisfying restaurant. I've been known to do take out for evening cravings...Service is friendly and professional.
4	This place is really good! The food is all super yummy :) I had the machaca and it was amazing! My boyfriend had the green chili chimi and he liked it as well. The service was very friendly however pretty slow. I'm sure we will be back before another game.
5	I've been coming here for as long as I remember. Since 1995 at least. Their food has always been consistently good.Service has always been a little on the slow side, but that is typical in the Mexican Restaurant way. I find the slow service forgivable because the food more than makes up for it.
4	I eat here 2-3 times a month after visiting the DBG. This is the real deal for Mexican food. Pozole and menudo are very popular. My favorites are chicken enchiladas with mole sauce and the chile relleno.   Rosita's has been family owned for 30+ years. The service has always been friendly and attentive. Regarding some of the comments: 1) This is not a fast food restaurant, go to Taco Bell if you want that. 2) This is not a vegetarian/vegan restaurant.
2	After reading the other reviews, my friend and I went to try this out wanting good Tex-Mex. I was surprised how mediocre it was. I had the enchiladas (my typical go-to dish at Tex-Mex restaurants) and just found them very ordinary. Even the margarita just wasn't that flavorful. After having some other Mexican that was outstanding places like Milagro Grill earlier in the week, this was not up to par.
5	Loved this place. I've had menudo in Tucson, El Paso and home made by my ex-mother in law, Mexican from Juarez, and I liked this one better...The chips were made to order, the salsa was really good and the place was clean, including the restrooms. Staff was friendly and good prices. Too bad I don't live in Phoenix.
4	I first learned of this place by invite. Two of my closest friends suggested Rosita's Place as a place to meet for lunch and since my first visit, I was hooked and with any luck, you might be too.
5	Best green chicken enchiladas I've ever had in my life!! The side of guacamole can get a bit pricey but it better be award winning because the flavor is unmatched by any other guacamole I've tasted. Have a mango margarita with a chile rim to go with your meal and basque in some if the finest Mexican food this state can offer!
5	I had a chicken burrito enchilada style with mole sauce. It was absolutely huge and delicious. I also got the rice and beans with it and the refried beans were literally the best I have ever had.
1	I sat down at 2p saw server she gave me salsa no chips. Ordered food at 210 and 230 rolled around still no food told server I had to go she said she would be right back 5 minutes later she comes with my food. I seriously had to go so I asked for a box 5 minutes later.box comes. Horrible experience.
5	exceptional customer service!!!  The cashier was very patient and friendly as well ! great menudo!
5	It was awesome. I was just passing through Phoenix and found this place on Yelp, I would suggest you go.
5	Amazing Mexican food!! If you're in the mood for great Mexican food, look nowhere else. Chips and salsa are nice and spicy. Plus, this place is in the hood so that in itself enhanced my experience.
5	Had a wonderful lunch.  Excellent.
4	Good solid mexican food.  Big portions and small prices.  If you order a burrito or chimi get it wet, I made that mistake only once!
1	I write this as I sit awaiting for my food.  I've been waiting for an hour now.  At a table with 10 other people, and the food is brought out 1 or 2 at a time.  This will be my last visit.
3	The Barrio Cafe was really busy, so I decided to accept Yelp's recommendation for Rosita's Place. The portions were generous, the prices were fair, and the food was good - but nothing special. The neighborhood seemed a little marginal, so I was glad they had their own parking lot in back.
5	How have I driven by this place so many times? I never knew such good food awaited me inside this little shop as I drove by.Wow, when my girlfriend was really sick a few weeks ago her close friend took us Rositas for some spicey healing food.Chips and salsa were really good. Fresh hot chips,that they make right there in store.Along with 2 delish salsas.We got the best Chicken soup I have ever had in my life. Yes, better than my Mothers. But, do not tell her. I don't want to hurt her feelings.Each of our soups had a full chicken breast inside. The broth was amazing.Our meal was amazing and more than I could eat. By that night my girlfriend felt like a new person, it really was the healing food.Recently I stopped in a little short of time and got an order to go.Again fantastic ,hot ,delish food.The ladies that work there are so sweet as well!This is so good and so inexspensive as well. I sort of hate to share my new find,because, it will get really busy and I won't find a seat. But you will love this place.
5	Me and the wifey came to have breakfast early Saturday morning.....was craving menudo....so I ordered menudo n the wifey the flautas plate. The waitress who attended us was very sweet n friendly.she took our order n brought us or drinks (large glasses which I like) another lady brought us chips n salsa.....chips were piping hot!!! There was a green n red salsa...I liked the the red better. My menudo was delicious just wish they had pata that day...ordered a small refried beans with cheese,  yummy!!!! All the condiments for the menudo was brought n available..Wifeys Flauta plate looked delicioso!!! She loved it..Gonna come back n try other menu items soon.Over all food was delicious...service was awsome n friendly...and the price was great!!!
5	Hey Yall...i knew i would find EXACTLY what I was looking for...I want to tell me peers when they fly in, but I want to keep her a secret....I LOVE ROSITAS...Carmen was my prompt and courteous server...i I ordered the carne asada burrito enchilada style with rice and beans it came with a side of guacamole and a little lettuce salad. The Carne Asada Steak inside of this burrito was totally undeniably freakin awesome, awesome like a FOODGASM in my mouth the meat was tender, flavorful, juicy, and I could see & taste the spices WHERE IN THE HELL do they do that at well let me tell you ROSITAS. This has to be one of the best things I've ever eaten since I've been in Phoenix, Arizona. The mom and pop setting remind me of home the loud crazy people didn't bother me it's a small restaurant it's time to be expected. Don't do yourself an injustice by leaving if it's crowded what are your items to go. I love guacamole but I didn't enjoy this one because I could tell they add Southwest spices and I like mine plain.
3	Food quantity was good, the meat on a chimichanga that i got was Salty as hell i told the waitress she pretty much ignored my concern and kept doing her business might not go back there again.
5	This is not only the best Mexican place in Arizona but the best Mexican place we have ever run across in the van (which is hard to admit as Californians raised on exceptional Mexican food - except Dave, the Phoenix native who discovered this place, and delights in its dominance). Chips and Salsa are top notch, always a good sign to start a meal. The menu suffers from the common Mexican restaurant problem of offering too many dishes. Sometimes you just want to know what they do well. and the giant Denny's menu is not usually a great sign. But to their credit, everything is always delicious. Highly recommended!
5	Oh my god I wasn't sure about this place pull in up but I should have after deein its a hole in the wall Mexican food restraunt this place is AMAZING the food is Fenominal the salsa is tasty and spicy and the food is out of this world first time here and everything looks soo good I wasn't sure on what to order I will be back to have more mmmmmmmm mmmmmmm good When u come here no matter what u get u need to try the Guacamole hands down the best Guacamole ive ever had in my life & im not exagerating its extremely fresh & addictive
4	Okay, so it takes a bit to get food but if you have a talkative group you won't even notice. The waitresses are very nice and attentive which I like. The food I ordered a chicken enchilada with a soft carne asada taco.. It was amazing. I ate it very quickly not only because I was hungry but because it was good. The only reason why this place did not get 5 stars is due to the wait for food.. Other than that I will definitely come back!
5	I've been going to this Mexican food restaurant for years! This place has by far the best green chili in phoenix! Also the staff, and service is excellent! One more thing, if you like menudo... The red menudo is by far the best I've ever had!!! This place is a staple!
4	Great food.  I ordered the chips and salsa.  Costs a buck but was worth it.  They came out hot.  And I loved the house salsas.  Only negative was that the chips on the bottom were covered in grease.  They should shake out the grease more but otherwise fantastic. Then I ordered the Carne Asada burro with a side of beans.  It was heavenly. Good flavor.  Tons of meat,  good guac.  Again,  I knock a star for the grease. It was dripping out of the burro. The beans were the best I've ever had. I'd recommend this place in a heartbeat.  They just need to cut back on the oil and I'd love it even more.
4	I won't say much as there are enough reviews already to give you a pretty good idea of the place.  One thing I didn't see mentioned too much was that compared to a lot of  mainstream mex restaurants this place generally has  much spicier food and salsa.  So if you don't like your mex food "hot" this may not be the place for you.  It's not overdone hot like a few places but definitely a step up from mainstream.  At least ask when you order how hot the particular dish might be.  Their salsa is way hotter than most places.  I have taken out of town guests here and it's been too hot for several of them.
5	The hours are wrong for Sunday. Beware. The food is wonderful but yelp is posting the wrong hours on Sundays. I'm here at 7pm and this amazing restaurant is closed.I am sad
4	We stopped here because it was on the way to the airport and boy did we luck out! Heard about it through yelp. The geography was right, the reviews were great,  so we thought let's give it a shot. Now if you're a fan of Mexican food from chain restaurants like manuel's or ajo al's, this is not the place for you. this is AUTHENTIC Mexican food. Probably the best in the valley. I was a die-hard via delosantos fan and shouted from the rooftops about how great that place is. I will still say that. But there's a new numero uno on my list! The green salsa is nice and spicy the way I like it. I don't like having to pay for chips. They should be complementary. But paying the $1 for these is worth it. They are fried to order so they come out crisp and hot. The guacamole is creamy with nice chunks of avocado throughout. I ordered the chicharones because I was feeling adventurous and had never tried it before. Looking it up on Google described it as fried pork rinds so that's what I was expecting. Unfortunately I got soggy pieces of skin. Maybe that's the way they are supposed to be. I don't know. The flavor wad good but the texture wasn't appealing. The menu also states that this dish is "very hot." It was the complete opposite with hardly any spice to it at all. I won't be ordering that again. The bites I had of my nephew's carne asada chimichanga was to die for though! Everyone raved about the beans here being the best ever... and they got it right! Delicious flavor. Probably made the authentic way with lard, but does it really matter at this point? I'm eating pig skin anyway! Service was great! We were waited on by a lovely older Hispanic woman that has been there for over 20 years. She was so pleasant she kept bringing a smile to my face. This is definitely my new favorite Mexican joint, not just for trips to and from the airport. It's worth driving down there just for rositas place :-)
3	The food is good and decent for their attempt at authentic Mexican food, but I was more concerned with their staff and they are not very courteous. That's actually the main reason why I have never gone back up to this point.
5	Another fellow yelper on here stated it correctly with some of the negative reviews...first world problems! The food took too long, it was greasy and another I saw said it wasn't as good as Ajo Al's (gasp! Btw my friend and I got food poisoning from there so I'll never go again). I've been eating at Rosita's for a very long time. When I graduated from ASU 10 years ago, where did I go after my ceremony? Rosita's! Mother's day, my birthday, a job promotion, just because... all at Rosita's throughout the years and it has never failed me. The chips are always hot and their menudo and posole is just like mom's. The beans too! Mmm! I know many friends and family who frequent Rosita's. If you're in a hurry go to a chain but for me, I'd rather wait for my Rosita's. Thanks for over 10 years of good food and memories! I'll see you soon!
2	I came here a few months back and the food was really good. I came again today and that was not the case. The food was oily and the service sucked. Our waitress barely even spoke to us and it took her 20min to bring us out check after she glanced at us when we were done. She seemed super unenthusiastic to be at her job and definitely took it out on us. I don't think ill be back.
3	This place was ok Rice and beans were delicious the burrito was huge but the meat was not the best choice. Although the flavor was good the meat killed it for me I like my green chili with a different type of meat not shredded beef. The shrimp cocktail was big for an appetizer and the price for it was good too. it was lacking   In flavor but still good. Overall the flavor of everything was just ok not a huge wow for me except the rice and beans they were amazing. Would prob come again because the price was good and overall it was pleasant place to eat
3	I went to Rosita's Place yesterday after reading the Yelp reviews. I have to give this place 3 stars. The food was great. They give you a great portion of food. The waitress was friendly and attentive. The only issue I had was upon initially walking in, the hostess sat me right near a large group of people. I was alone and didn't really want to eat near a lot of people,  especially when there were other areas that were empty. I had to ask to sit somewhere else. She let me pick. I found another spot, but I was initially overwhelmed by the smell of bleach. I guess they use that to clean the tables. It went away. But I thought that was worth noting. The food was good though:)
5	This has been my favorite Mexican restaurant for many years.  I usually get cheese enchiladas with the green sauce, and also a machaca taco on the side.  You can't go wrong with the two salsas brought to the table----both hot, a green one and a red one alongside warm chips.  But if you want something really spicy (delicious) try the steak picado.  The ambience, the vibe, the food----its been the best for a long time.
2	Food is still great but the service was terrible!!!!!! We have been their many times and we have never had service so bad before. It was the older lady with short hair and I just can't believe she totally ignored us. We were very disappointed.
5	What can I say? The best Mexican food restaurant in Central Phoenix!The service was phenomenal and the food was even better!Parking was behind the building in a very spacious lot which was being guarded by several security guards who went up and down the rows, I felt very safe!!Upon entering I was greeted by a young man who greeted me and seated me rather promptly. My waiter came within five minutes and brought chips and salsa! I ordered the Chimichanga and a michelada. WOW! The meat was seasoned perfectly, not too much like some places and the frying was good, no excessive oil. I will definitely come back!Give it a try if you desire REAL Mexican food!
4	I have been going to this restaurant for several years, and probably always will come back. The food is wonderful with large portions, definitely going to have left overs. Slight complaint, they are always very busy, and with the place being small it can get pretty loud and tight. Also, a lot of the staff are hard to understand, the language barrier is noticeable. Worth the drive to try it out, I highly recommend it, just get there before your starving in case there is a line!
5	For my money one of two or three best Mexican restaurants in the valley. Work downtown eat lunch out 5 days a week. Always go here at least once a week. Some of the best green and red chili I have ever had. Also great beans made with bacon grease. Also has menudo and posole which are wonderful. Try this joint do not let the appearance or location scare you a way.
5	Our last night in Phoenix and we decided to try Mexican.   Decide on this place based on Yelp reviews.   I had the combo with a beef taco, bean tostada, and cheese enchilada because I couldn't decide.  Usually not a fan of the enchilada sauce but this sauce was excellent!!  Beans and enchilada were my favorite!
4	I like Rositas. They are affordable, and the food is always consistent. The lunch specials are awesome, I recommend burritos enchilada style. The chips were a little stale, but that's par for the course for most Mexican restaurants.  The waitress we had this past visit was amazing. She was engaging, but not intrusive. Our drinks were always full, and she even offered "To Go" drinks... My mother and I were catching up after a while, a she didn't chase us out of the booth, and even continue to offer refills on our iced Tea after we closed out the tab. One of these days, my husband and I should split something, so we have room for desert because I saw a plate of fried Ice cream walk by, and it looked delicious.
2	I've been going to Rositas for probably 10-15 years and mainly at lunch during the work week. The tacos are great, the enchilads are chessy and taste good but also a gut bomb that makes you want to take a nap. Unfortunately this has always been one of my go to places and would normally give it 4 stars; however, I finally took the family this past Sunday and the food was OK not as good as usual and the service was awful. The waitress did not seem happy to be serving us, got one of the orders wrong (which we couldn't fix because we didn't see her for 20 more minutes), we got the tortillas for fajitas 20 minutes after the fajitas and the check took another 20 minutes to wait for. I would typically go here every month but hadn't been in a 3-4 months so I am hoping this was a one off and the next visit will be better and not that the place has gone down hill.
4	Came here for the menudo. Chips were hot and fresh tasting. Red menudo has a good taste. I still think Caramba's in downtown Glendale has the best menudo although this one is right up there. B-
4	So much food!! I felt stuffed after eating here. This was one of the top Mexican places, off the Basis of being restaurant style mexican food.Great portions, service is okay, food is delicious, but not to the type that I like. I love/prefer Mexican street food, so yeah. This wasn't my absolute favorite for Mexican food. I would go again though. Don't get me wrong
5	Really good menudo and salsa and fresh chips are a must .. The prices are great and the food is real mexican home cooked meals ...
5	Been coming here since the original building wad located much closer to sky harbor. I've even driven family here from tucson as I feel there is nothing local to compare it to.Whatever is ordered is sure to be a winner.  My personal favorite is the taco toscada and enchilada with rice and beans.  No visit would be complete without the cooked to order tortilla chips with the house made red and green salsa
4	New times said this place had some good menudo, I came by to see for myself.  I must say it didn't disappoint.  I tried the Red while my girlfriend had the white and they both tasted pretty damn good.  Aside from that I had a taco and enchilada combo too and that was pretty decent.  The ground beef in the taco was mixed with potato which gave it an interesting consistency, good yes but different.  I'd definitely come back and try the rest of the menu and maybe one of them supersize margaritas I see around flowing around me.  My only negative review I would say is they should definitely have the toilets checked out, I didn't lay anything major but it didn't wanna flush. Also the water tasted like it was freshly from Mexico, maybe it boosted the food a bit but it didn't quench my thirst.
3	I tried this place for the first time for the raved about menudo. I had the white menudo bowl and it was good. Not spectacular, but it satisfied my pregnancy craving for menudo. The only set back was that it took FOREVER to get the menudo. My mom was already almost halfway thru her meal and the chips were starting to fill me up a bit. But I really wanted the menudo I came for so I patiently waited. That and the service was not good. The server barely came around or not at all to check on us. We didn't speak Spanish but that's all they really tried talking to us in. I could understand some but my english responses were still answered in spanish. I thought that was pretty funny. I may come back during the day although the time we went was at night, it really was not that busy or packed  for a Saturday.
5	The food is great and there is not a long wait. The portions are HUGE so come hungry! Only down side is no kids menu but they have a great cheese crisp for them!
4	The food was really good but their beans and rice side for a plate is ridiculously priced. The service was horrible! Waited forever get a table because it said please wait to be seated then to be told go pick out what table you want. Took almost 15 mins to get chips. And our waitress was rude and didn't check on us once until it was time to pay. She didn't ask if we wanted refills or a box for the 3$ beans and rice we got.
4	I have to give this place 4 stars the food is just really good. Every time I have gone to this restaurant it was delicious however it is very old and even the tables do not match you would not want to bring a large group of people because there is really only a few tables for large groups however there is also some nostalgia to the place because it is so old other than that it's definitely worth 4 stars and worth trying because of the food
2	You get what you pay for, which is not much here. The chips and salsa was great, but the entree (tacos and chimichanga) was dry and flavorless.
3	This place could have been four stars, but the service was so God awful. It took several minutes to be acknowledged and seated. It then took about five minutes to be acknowledged by a server and a drink order taken. Five minutes later she comes back with the drinks and takes our order. She brought out salsa with the drinks but no chips. I asked about them and she said they'll be right out. It took about another 15 minutes to get the chips. The chips and salsa were very good, not the best, but well above average. The food followed about another 15-20 minutes after the chips.I ordered a carne asada burrito enchilada style which was excellent. My daughter got a machaca taco with beans and rice. My daughter didn't like the machaca, which I tried and figured out it was really carne seca. The waitress noticed my daughter didn't like it and I pointed out it was carne seca and not machaca. She apologized and removed it from the bill, which redeemed her some. My daughter ended up having some of my carne asada.The ambiance is divey and it wasn't very clean, but not unhealthy clean.I probably wouldn't go back if in the area again, but mostly due to the bad service.
