5	Really some of the best wings I've ever had. Their batter is crisp and thick without being unnecessarily greasy. I had 6 wings smothered in honey bbq and dipped the other 6 in bleu cheese dressing.Their wings are pretty huge too so get a bunch but don't be afraid to share! the staff is also super nice
5	A young Rex...a young taught schoolboy Rex...was once a star athlete. I was good at all of the sports the other boys wished they were. I was great at shooting dice, 3 Card Monty, pick pocketing and loan sharking. I was the envy of my entire 3rd grade class. Very few kids that age can play the shell game on a street corner for 8 hours and then kneecap some deadbeat over a 20 dollar debt at night.  I was a machine...a well oiled, tight bodied machine. The girls...oh the girls...nap time was a special time. A young Rex surrounded by his prepubescent harem.  It was magical. I was on top of the world.  My aunt Eunice would see me come back with some old man's pension check, because he owed 3 weeks of the vig after betting on the Giants, she would beam with pride.  We would go to our special place...and then he would take me for food. I deserved it...believe me. She would buy me fried chicken. I loved it. It washed out the taste of low tide. Bribe sweet bribe. Bribed my silence.  As an older man I look back on those days and still cringe. Sure the money was good. Sure the chicken was good. The rest...not so much.I tell this tale of woe and want for one reason...all of that great chicken was almost blotted out of existence from a combination of court ordered therapy, LSD, electroshock, and Kenny G Therapy...my own creation...not for the week of heart.  I discuss it in detail in "Kenny G: How the Devil Gave Us Therapy."  Those great chicken dinners would be lost to the recesses of my mind...just flickering images...like the ones I see of me standing on top of a building, naked, wearing a beer hat and smoking a cigar...images of meaningful nonsense. That was until I went to the Chicken Shack. Oh, sweet Chicken Shack. Let me hold you. Let me kiss you. Let me call you aunt...wait...never mind. Chicken Shack does what it does...and it does it amazingly! Chicken Shack chicken is never frozen. The breasts and the wings are huge...like Busty Dusty big. Ah, memories...I almost suffocated at a club in Pittsburgh once. The 5 strip lunch/dinner is more than enough for the biggest eater.  It comes with fries and a drink for under 8 bucks.  Fountain drink for unlimited soda. I saw these two huge fat guys mowing down a 5 piece. They looked full. They looked content. They looked like they had hypertension. God Bless America. The wings are excellent but I recommend the strips. More meat. Tender. Juicy. Delicious. Same price. The sauces. The sauces are key to a place like this. Like having weed on you when trying to sleep with Jennifer Aniston. Mandatory.  Well, Chicken Shack doesn't disappoint. Recently I had the special Habenero Honey. It was sweet. It was hot. It hurt a little bit after 4 pieces. It hurt the good way...like being dumped by Amanda Peet...that body can only keep you happy for a long time...then you are just praying for a stroke.  The BBQ sauce is excellent. The Garlic Parmesan sauce is absolutely amazing. The chili lime isn't very good, sorry. Too limey...like Hugh Grant. If chicken isn't your thing...then you think that Rex will tear into you for going to THE CHICKEN SHACK...but no...not at all...they have a burger there that is amazing. A single. A double. A triple. You can add cheese and bacon. Yes...triple cheese and bacon.  Oh is it good...it's really good. I ate it. I cried. I ate it again. I cried harder. I threw a chair out the window. I ran. They have an all you can eat chicken wing and 1 dollar beers. If that doesn't sound good to you then you are a loser. I say that with no hesitation. No remorse. No second guessing. You are the type of person who would hold up a bank but leave the stuff in the safe.The atmosphere is great. They have funny slogans on the wall. Cute. Sickeningly cute. Rex is sarcastic. Rex hates it. Others will love it. The bottom line is that this is obviously a family place run by people who actually care. Rex is very happy to find a local business that prides itself on quality and building an ongoing local relationship with customers. Nice owners. Great food. Local. Cheap. Quality. When Rex dies please batter and deep fry him. He deserves the honor. Take a bite. Take a big bite. You love the way hate tastes.
3	I went here ever so eager. My eyes went wide at the menu - so many possibilities and so many sauces to try.I opted for the standard wings. And went with trying 4 of the sauces - hot, damn hot, chili lime, and habanero honey. Blue cheese and ranch for dipping. Also ordered fries with fry sauce and potato salad.The wings themselves are nice and plump. Very good quality. And the wings are actually breaded, which can be hard to do well. But the breading was nice and crisp and had a good flavor. So all is good with the actual wings.The sauces, though, are lacking. The hot was actually more like a mild. Zero heat and little flavor. The chili lime was similar. I could barely tell it was chili lime there was so little flavor. The habanero honey also had zero heat and was too sweet. The damn hot, however, was fabulous. It had heat and flavor, but wasn't hot just for the sake of being hot. So, with the exception of the damn hot (which is the hottest on their menu), if you don't like heat or lots of flavor in your wing sauce, this might be the place for you. This is where they lose major points. The sauce is the most crucial part of the wings.The blue cheese and ranch were ok, but not great. They didn't add anything to the wings. They're just sorta there.The fries are really good. They are shoestring fries that are crispy and non-greasy. The fry sauce was just average. They do also offer chili cheese fries.The potato salad was edible. And that's pretty much the best I can say about it.Good service. Props for the $1 drafts and all you can eat wings.Overall, if they could just get some better wing sauces (or my taste buds suddenly deteriorate), I might be back.
5	Move over Hooters and Buffalo Wild Wings cause I found the best chicken wings ever!!  The size of their wings are so massive that it beats out all the other chicken spots I've tried.  Yes they're full of flavor, too!  So far I've only tried the garlic parmesan and habanero honey with ranch dipping sauce and it was so good!  Prices are great, too!
5	The wings are awesome. Nice big meaty breaded wings just like Hooters!!!
4	This is our new go to wing joint, and let me just get this out of the way...This place serves some big ass wings!!! My husband and I crack up every time, wondering where the hell do they get these chickens?!  Soo.. big juicy, crispy well cooked wings and delicious sauces. (we've only tried a few so far) The chile-lime was yum, the habanero honey was sweet/spicy heaven for me. Both kids like the honey bbq, and occasionally we order the dry spiced wings for when we don't feel like getting down and dirty. They have lemon pepper and garlic parmesan, both good. The fries are super skinny, and that's a nice change...very crisp.So why not 5 stars? I hate that they offer big packages, 25, 50 or 100 wings but you may only have 2 different flavors in those packages. I don't know if it's like that at other places or not, but regardless, I think it's lame. The second reason is that there are always dirty tables. Every time we've been, we've searched for the least dirty table and watched the other ones sit there un-wiped for the duration of our stay. You may be  understaffed due to the economy, but the tables have to be wiped down. No one wants to sit at someone else's mess. On the bright side, you can phone in your order, walk in and pick it up and bypass the dirty tables.
5	Yummy...omgosh...fries are awesome with mild sauce. The boneless chickens are huge and delicious. Like this place alot. Can't wait for my boyfriend to try and get his input. =]
4	great for wings
2	When you walk in and view the menu, you think you are in "Chicken Heaven". There are a variety of flavors and various seasonings you can choose for your fries. However, I was not impressed. I ordered the chicken wing and chicken strip meal with a side of fries. The chicken was cooked to a golden crisp and served hot. I ordered the garlic Parmesan, and thought it was waay too salty. Also, a few of my pieces of chicken were undercooked. The restaurant is small, so I had to get my food to go. I have heard mixed reviews and though my experience was not the greatest, I am willing to give Chicken Shack a second chance.
3	Their chicken is on steroids! I was thinking about getting the All You Can Eat special for $11.99 but I was stuffed after 5 wings. I tried the BBQ, Habanero Honey, and Garlic Parmesean. I think the Habanero Honey stood out the most and it's probably my favorite flavor there. I also got a side of cole slaw which tasted like KFC's (which I personally like). I also got a side of fries but it wasn't memorable and it didn't enhance the meal. Hence, I would probably opt out. As much as I like getting a bang for the buck, the unnatural plumpness of the chicken was bit disturbing. Though, I enjoyed the meal the breading was a little bit too thick. If they would refine the breading, I'd give them 3.5 stars for great price and the Habanero Honey flavor.
5	Awesome place. My friends and I got the 4 person deal. We got 25 wings, a gigantic basket of fries, 4 sodas, and 1 lb of potato salad. The wings were huge and they were very tasty. We had different opinions of what flavors to get, but we were happy with our choices. This is definitely recommended and we will come back to eat the "all you can eat wings".
5	these are the best chicken wings I've had.  Now, my scope is limited to hooters, bars, and such when consuming chicken wings but, I have eaten many many chicken wings.  These are really crispy, good wing sauce, good blue cheese dressing.I also ate the chicken fingers.  My friend didn't like them naked.I believe these are the best chicken fingers I ate as well.  I liked the chicken fingers naked.These fingers were thinly battered and just super fried.  Once again, you may decide that you like a whole bunch of batter on your fingers.I haven't tried anything else. I plan on going back and finding it out.If you are in the hood' this is the place for wings.
4	Located near the intersection of Sunset Rd. and Mountain Vista, which I like to think of as "old Green Valley." This place is definitely a beaut that contributes to the other mom and pop owned places in the area. Chicken Shack was a typical eating spot for me while I was attending USN because my classmates and I would come here during our lunch breaks or after school before we would get our study on. And yes, all the raving reviews are correct. From what I've tired, probably the best chicken wings in LV, so this place is a MUST TRY! I've noticed that I am a tough critic when it comes to the breading because Raising Canes is a little thin, while KFC is so thick I just opt to peel all the breading off. However, Chicken Shack has the perfect amount of thickness and also has nice crispy texture. Seasoned very well and they offer different types of flavors too like Wing Stop or BBW. The fries are also delish, thinly cut with extra crispies (almost the same as Yard House fries). They also have an all you can eat chicken option for $12.99, but I don't exactly know what it comes with. But I found that interesting because I've never seen such a thing at a chicken place. The only down side is you have to pay extra for ranch or blue cheese, which in my opinion kinda sucks. I really like the mom and pop vibe of this place with the friendly staff and decorations.They even have their specials written on a chalk board. All of it really makes everyone feel welcomed.
5	The Chicken Shack, not to be mistaken for Chicken Bonz. Although almost everything taste the same.You may think 6 wings, fries, ranch and a drink for $9.12 is pricey, think again. These wings are huge and they give a generous amount of fries.  I recommend getting the 3 fingers and 3 wings combo, way worth it, the fingers are huge pieces of juicy breast meat.  They also have an AYCE special going on all day everyday for $11.95 ($1 dollar cheaper than chicken bonz).  I still have yet to try it.  They also have $1 drafts!As for the inside, it's small and it's maintained pretty well, they got two TV's hanging on the wall, two arcade machines and limited seating on the inside, but there's a couple tables on the outside too.Overall, flavor and quantity is what Chicken Shack has.  That's really all you need for a good place to eat right?
4	Mmm!  I was in the mood for chicken wings, and I wasn't disappointed.  I got the 3 wings/3 fingers combo for $9.  I tried the honey BBQ and teriyaki sauces on the side, and both were delicious.  I don't think the chicken pieces are necessarily huge, but it is quite tasty.  In my opinion, Hooters' wings are a bit bigger and tastier, but I will definitely be back to the Chicken Shack.
4	I've been coming here for 5 years. Food and service has always been good and the owners really are cordial. Feels like family almost. You HAVE to try the lemon pepper!
5	Had another craving for good chicken wings...thought I'd update my thoughts.There's something about the batter on the chicken pieces that makes it taste so good...it's also spattered all over the fries.  It's just a nice, greasy, deliciously unnutritious meal.  I have to slightly recommend the wings over the fingers though, as the fingers are a little thick and dry.  I tried the BBQ and mild sauces this time, and the mild was nasty.  I'm not a hot wing guy, so I'd definitely recommend sticking with the honey BBQ or teriyaki sauces if you're anything like me.TIP: The fingers taste better if you let them marinate for a few minutes in the styrofoam "to go" box on the way home...a lot juicier and tastier than dining in.
4	Shopping next door at Smith's for some time, we had seen the signs for Chicken Shack for some time. One day, our preshopping hunger was going to cost us way too much money in the grocery store, so, we decided to give the Chicken Shack a try.We both got the chicken finger and fries, with a fountain drink for both of us. Looking at the menu, if I was a fan of wings (too much work, not enough food) I could see myself diving into their AYCE wings. With such a wide selection of sauces available, you could eat your fill and still not have tried all of their sauces (maybe).Our food came out pretty quickly, and tasted quite good. My main complaint is that the fryer oil appeared to be very old, as our fingers were dark and a bit tough. The high level of grease soaked into the batter was bordering on being too greasy.That won't be our last visit, I hope to give them a shot, and see if we can time it to be near when they change the fryer oil.
5	Wings are soooooooo yummy! Not ghetto, its just pretty laid back.  :) Had to mention this because I took a few friends here.  They told me that they haven't tried this place since they assumed it was...shall we say.. "Urban?' lol.  Not the case...Way cool decor.  The statement on the walls are cool.  If you read them, they describe chickens but if you know the individuals that "said" these quoes, you'll find them funny! :) They offered a pretty decent variety of flavors of wings and Chicken strips. My fav: The Habenaro flavored wings.  Pros: Can't stand soggy wings.  They fry these wings up and then cover the wings with flavor. Comes out fresh, crispy and hot.  If you come here with a group of 4-5, order the 25 wing special which comes with two sides (I order the celery/carrots and fries), the wings and 4 drinks.  We don't ever finish this.  To go time! Cons: They could only offer you two flavors when you order that order.  I've tried the "hot"= don't like the Tabasco twist to these wings. I've had better.Seating is sometimes limited because its a small joint.  I keep coming back. If you love wings, you are missing out on great wings if you haven't tried this place. :)
5	Enjoyed Chicken Shack so much my second trip was only three days after my first! They have a sauce for everyone (try the jerk) & wings are the size they're SUPPOSED to be (big)!! They even have salad & burgers if wings aren't your thing.  They offer a really good ayce deal I'm not prepared to take advantage of...  yet.  Located in the same shopping center as Ross J's Aloha Grill  & a Roberto's this is a delicious food run adventure waiting to happen!
4	Great wings... WAY better than BWW and cheaper too.  Very small place so be prepared to share a table or get it to go.
3	We've been a few times. Love the "Happy Hour" Special: 12 wings (one sauce choice, 1lb of fries and a pitcher of beer for $16.99. Chicken is crispy (we get our sauce on the side), fries are kinda thin for my liking but tasty none the less. Only concern...last weekend (Saturday 10/29) it made my husband sick. I dont think we will be back for a while.
5	I've passed Chicken Shack many times but have never came close to coming in.  Same center as Ross J's Aloha Grill. It is next to a Smiths and doesn't have a sign that stands out.  So I didn't expect much other than another chicken place.  Was I mistaken. First thing that caught my eyes were all the various quotes and license plates all over the walls, NICE.  Even saw a license plate from Hawaii that started with a 'K'. I'm 100% sure that a 'K' means it's from Kauai, my home.  They most have known I was coming LOL.  They have 2 flat screen TVs and two arcade games, PAC-MAN and Marvel Super Heros vs Street Fighter.There wasn't anyone there when I arrived around 2-3pm.  But I just missed the rush, as I was waiting for my food it started to pick up and it was filled.I ordered the #4 which was 3 wings, 3 fingers, fries and drink for $7.95. LOVED IT.  The wings were good, cant really mess that up.  But the fingers were AWESOME must have been a rhino's fingers, they were plumped, crispy and crunch on the outside, and juicy on the inside. The fries were different, it was prepared like how you would fry calamari and salty but really good, not your regular salt combination.  Something that I've been doing lately and recommend is having the sauce on the side.  My sauce of choice this time was the Hot Teriyaki sauce which was a perfect complement to the saltiness.  I left full but really wanted more. After talking to one of the worker I found out that Chicken Shack or at least this location has been open for 8 years already. I wished I found this place earlier, especially now that I don't live in the area, this would have been my regular eats.They have a HH special which is actually all day everyday, its 12 wings, bucket of beers, and a basket of fries for $16. Which might be a good deal.  They also make burgers, sandwiches, and a fried or grilled chicken salad. I'll be back soon definitely.
5	I have gone to the Chicken Shack for years even when they were called Bones. I used to compare them to Canes, but they are different. I love the fingers. I've never had the wings because I'm more of a finger guy. Their sauces are great. I love their fries and their beans. The portions are generous. The staff is GREAT. If youlike fingers, don't miss out.
5	Best Wangs In Town!!
4	Was cruising around looking for somewhere to eat and saw the line inside this little joint in a strip mall.  Thought I would try it.  Boy was it good!  I decided to get takeout and I was not disappointed. I got the #4 combo - wings and strips with fries.  They had many sauces to choose from and since no one was in line behind me, the counter guy was extremely accomodating by letting me taste a few sauces to see which one I wanted.  Good price for a quick, delicious meal!  Enjoy the Chicken Shack!
3	We ordered the chicken wings and fingers.  Tried a few sauces - hot, lemon pepper and habanero honey.  Hot was standard buffalo sauce, lemon pepper was TOO salty and the habanero honey was great (not too sweet with a slight kick at the end).  The hot and habanero honey were sauces but the lemon pepper was a dry rub.  I like my wings and fingers crunchy so next time I will ask for sauce/dry rub on the side.  Chicken was not dry and the portion size was good.  The only negative thing was the cashier made a mistake on my order.  He offered to correct my order, but I would have to pay the difference.  No thanks, it was your mistake buddy.  Overall, the food was good and I liked the decor.  I don't expect mistakes to be made all the time so I think 3 stars is fair but my true rating would be 3.5 stars.
5	Forget all the chains ,Forget the Bars, Forget Canes They can't compare to the chicken shack.They have a top quality product and they deliver the goods every single time.You have read the reviews and they are all true. If you order 5 fingers and fries you better be hungry there is nothing frozen here and the quality of the chicken is amazing!The fries are like shoestring fries seasoned lightly and you get a big portion of them with your combo.The wings are just as large I ordered the 3 fingers and 3wings a great way to try them both.Better choices of types of sauce too but the best way is plain with sauce on the sideCome Hungry and Enjoy!
5	Great service and nothing beats an air conditioned quaint place. The bf and I had a "half & half" of 3 wings and 3 fingers with shoestring fries. Tried : Honey bbq, hot teriyaki, garlic parmesean, and lemon pepper. Gotta say the lemon pepper was my favorite since there was this kick to it at the end. Ended up eating just one of each because we were curing a hangover... Their sweet tea is excellent! Brought it home for dinner and dipped it into spinach dip which was surprisingly good. Will definitely go back again
4	We really liked this place. Order the sauce on the side. We tired the fingers, wings, fries, and potato salad, ranch, bbq and fry sauce  It was great and we had it to go which is so not the same as eating in!  Defiantly will go back!
3	This place is not bad. My wife were on vacation in Vegas and wanted some wings. Tired of buffets! So we went here, the place is not far from the strip. The place is in a strip mall. We walk in and didn't know what to expect, we found this place on yelp and decided to give this place a try. We ordered some wings, fingers, fries and coleslaw. The wings were good but a little salty for my taste, the fingers were bad had to chew on them for hours before I could swallow the darn thing, will not order fingers again! Coleslaw was bland nothing to rave about. The fries were good, string fries. The tables were not clean. The hot sauce and ketchup bottle was crusty. The workers looked high from smoking weed. This place has good wings but I guess it's a hit or miss with the sauce you choose. Will I go here again, probably yes. I will give them another try.
3	I was really hoping to find a suitable replacement for WingStop, since the closest one to us is across town. WingStop back in Cali was my favorite go to spot for crispy well seasoned wings, but I have yet to find a place out here in Henderson near home that can compare.I ordered the #4 which comes with 3 boneless wings and 3 regular wings all in the Lemon Pepper flavor.The fries are pretty tasty - well seasoned super thin shoe string fries, but the wings were too much on the salty side compared to what I'm used to getting with WingStop's lemon pepper wings.Plus, as one Yelper pointed out, they keep their back door open, which you can clearly see from the ordering counter.  That somewhat worries me, for obvious health hazard reasons....The place is real small, untidy and not as inviting as some describe it to be.It was an okay visit, but I'd rather go elsewhere - even contemplating just sucking it up and travelling across town to get my WingStop fix.
4	I used to come by when this placed was called Chicken Bonz and the name had always fascinated me. So I decided to stop by with a couple friends and we were not disappointed.The place definitely has that mom and pop feel to it. The walls are decorated by license plates and 'why did the chicken cross the road' jokes. They even have a couple of arcade machines if you get bored. The menu is pretty standard for a chicken place. They have wings, fingers, fries along with several sauces. They also had a burger, coleslaw, and some other stuff but I mean c'mon who gets the cheese burger and the chicken finger restaurant?The fingers were great, juicy and moist and good size. The shoestrings fries were just like the ones you would find at other restaurants but a good addition to the meal. I had mine tossed in the hot bqq which had a perfect combo of spicyness and bbq flavor. The honey bbq and the lemon pepper are also great. While I thought the food was great I did notice that the service was pretty slow. I understand they really focus on fresh food, but it should not take 25 minutes to get chicken fingers out. It's a fast food restaurant and even some sit-down places are quicker than that. I also think its a bit pricey for chicken fingers, a 5 finger combo is close to $10bux. Still def worth checking out if your into chicken.
4	Great Quality Chicken Strips!!!They have a great selection of dipping sauces that can be drizzled over top or on the side for dipping. The batter is light and salty and the chicken is 100% breast meat.Very tender.The prices are reasonable and there is a sauce for everyone.For an alternative to "Fast Food" that is a bit more healthy than the chain stores give Chicken Shack a try. I prefer them to Canes.We were told the name change occurred when the original Chicken Bonz owners wanted to increase margin with frozen chicken and lower cost recipes and preparation. Regardless of the name Chicken Shack is a solid pick for some Good Fried Chicken in Las Vegas.
4	I thought the comments "chicken on steroids" and "unusually plump" were funny,,,, and yet true!  It is plump n tender, batter can be a bit more separated but overall a good chicken strip.  Habanero honey sauce is tasty, tried a few other sauces but they were ehhhh... U gotta find your own sauce! Cole slaw was a bit below KFC level, a bit soggy and minced, they do have $1 drafts! (12oz)For 5.95 you get 3 strips, fries n soda, not a bad deal... And free chicken quotes on the walls....
5	Chicken Shack.I'll keep you my dirty little secret. Don't tell anyone.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aqwn3jdQLCWnb59gHK4nAw?select=RdNqQUC1ycmedKx6NWD0Rg#YUmHZ0Wy3sIY5w6H0OZDKwWho has to know?Best fingers. Best fries. That's all you need to know.
4	Best chicken fingers in town, noisy always crowded at noon but food is good hot and plentiful!! I'm never disappointed plus they take good care of regulars!
5	Not to much of a chicken person, but decided to join in with some friends. Chicken Stack is actually very good, I was pretty impressed. Got to bring my family here to try it they love chicken wings. This place is hidden in shopping center only way we knew about this place was through yelp.
5	Took a bit of a drive to visit Chicken Shack and I am glad I did.I walked in and looked at the menu and thought to myself that I could put down a 5 piece chicken fingers easy so I better get some wings to back them up. The portions here are huge and they also have the best fingers I've had in town so far. I was delighted. I love Fried Chicken so much that I drive to L.A. just to eat at Roscoe's, The Chicken Lady, and KyoChon. I am happy this place is here because I would have to drive to L.A. for it too.Thank you Jaime W. for letting me in on your little secret. I'm hooked, I need to come back here again.
5	Try the chicken salad with some sauce on the side. Can't beat it.
5	Had a very enjoyable experience at The Chicken Shack. The food was quick to be served and tasted great! Not to mention the service was an A+!
5	I think I've been here enough times that I should finally be giving it a rating.So far, I've pretty much only had fingers and fries combos. Three fingers is the right size if you're alone, unless you're super hungry. Five is a bit high unless you're sharing with a friend or two, Sometimes, they'll throw in an extra finger if they think that your pieces are a little small.I have to start with the fries. They are the best shoestring fries I've had anywhere. There's just something to the flavor that draws you in. Don't put ketchup on them though. I don't know why, but that destroys the flavor for me. You can dip them in sauces (see below).And of course, the chicken fingers are the main point of the restaurant. They are large. They are crunchy. They are tender. And they come with dry or wet sauces (note: get wet sauces on the side if you don't want to destroy the crunchy texture of the fingers). Come back multiple times and try many sauces.I have no darn clue why there isn't a lemon-lime soda option here. That's the only negative that I have to share. I would probably just get a small cup for water if I could, but a drink comes with the combo.
4	Why'd the chicken cross the road? To go to Chicken Shack...duh! ha haI've been to Chicken Shack a few times now, and it's been consistently good. For about $6.00, you can get fries, 3 chicken strips, and a soda - Combination #3 on the menu...they also have beer (on tap) for around a $1.00, but the selection is limited. Both times I've been, the place has been packed with people. It's a small space, but I've always been able to snag a table. I like when a restaurant has some personality, and this place is anything but boring! The staff is friendly, the patrons are lively, and the walls are covered in funny phrases that reference chickens...on top of that, the service is usually pretty quick.Okay, now for the food. The star here is the chicken. It's crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside...it's surprising that with no bone they are able to keep the chicken so tender and juicy, but somehow they manage to do it. I should mention, too, that these are NOT little chicken strips...they are plump pieces of all white meat (their chicken is the antithesis to McDonald's ha ha). Every time, my friend thinks that he needs the 5 piece, and although he finishes them, he always says it was too much food! Everyone is different, but the 3 piece combo has always been plenty for me. I get the Habanero Honey BBQ sauce on the side, and also order a side of blue cheese. One of my pet peeves at restaurants is when they nickle and dime you, and here the blue cheese/ranch/extra sauce is an extra $0.49/$0.35...I'd rather them just factor that cost into my food. The fries are good, but after eating my chicken, I find that it is salt overload...The reason I come here is for the chicken. They execute it well, and they're consistent. If you're craving some fried chicken, skip KFC and check this place out!
4	If I eat any more of their strips, I will grow feathers.This unassuming small eatery has great strips.  I am the kind of person that tries to eat things I wouldn't normally cook, and chicken strips is one of those  things on my "don't buy it if you can cook it" foods.  I gave in to my hubby's begging to try this place one day after work.  We drove from the southwest to Henderson just for these strips, and I told him, "these better be awesome for the trip."Fortunately, he was right--the strips are awesome.  They are huge (I'm wondering what size these chickens are) and juicy.  Their coating is great and the sauces are wonderful.  I love their shoestring fries, but I was honed in to those strips and downed three on my own.  I even gave the wings a try, and they are quite tasty.  Overall, a great place to stop for some chicken.  I will drive down to Henderson just for these strips despite a closer competitor.  They're awesome.
4	good chicken, good service!!
4	We were missing our favorite chicken fingers from OldChicago restaurant back in Colorado. We truly hit the jackpot with The Chicken Shack. The chicken tenders here are huge, and very tasty.I just wish there was more room to sit and eat. All tables were full. But when every table is taken, you have to know this place rocks!
2	I am not a huge fan of this place. The food is way salty which is good for some people at some times(the bf loves salty ass food), but my firm belief is if you sell food, don't nickel and dime for stuff that makes YOUR food better. For example, making me pay a side price for some (veggie sticks)celery and carrots, ridiculous. Celery is literally a dollar for a giant bunch. Charging for ranch? At a dedicated chicken wing place? Wha??? I mean, where is any logic there?? If you want more than one type of sauce, charge. I mean really...I am a frequent craver of chicken wings, fingers, anything crunchy and salty with some hot sauce and celery. The celery is a must. I still think it is  a travesty that some fast food pizza places have the audacity to serve wings and yet do not carry celery. I frequented this place a lot at first, but after a while spending over ten bucks a pop for a single meal just so I can get some celery and ranch with my meal is ridiculous. Now I just head over across to (casino takeout)...which is good but I would rather support small business.
4	Yummmm is all I have to say.  The chicken fingers were delicious. And I'm not sure of what they do to their fries but they were really good as well. I wasn't a huge fan of their new bourbon sauce or their chipotle bbq (very watery) but everything else was good. I'll definitely go again!
5	I've been coming here for the past few years whenever I need my wing fix. Their wings are delicious, but I always opt for their strips just for the mere fact that I never like getting my hands dirty.  I usually order the combo, their fries are so yummy and their wing portions are huge - I can always get away with just three pieces to feel full.  Lemon pepper is usually my go-to flavor but they've got many others to choose from, all of which are just as good.  Definitely better than all the other wing chains in the city.
5	Best wings in town, without a doubt. Fast friendly service. Awesome fries.
5	I've been coming here for over 5 years.  Amazing food!  Wings, strips and chili is the best in this city.
3	Good but Raising Canes chicken fingers are better IMO. Fries are the bomb!
5	This place is great I give it five stars total. Its a small place its always full and that means hot food. Nope you wont get any cold food here. They have wings, strips and fries. They have strong good soda pop with a extra clean soda pop machine. Rather you eat it inside or take it home you will be hooked on they chicken. They have cool quotes on the wall about chickens. This place is also not over priced so it wont kill your budget if your like me and your on a budget.
4	good "hole-in-the-wall". great chicken. a touch salty, but still pretty damn good, hand-breaded and fresh. i give it an overwhelming thumbs up!
2	Ok so I gave them a 2 instead of 1 because the fries are good. Ordered Cajun wings, got buffalo. The manager Frank wanted to argue on the phone that we just don't know their favors because he personally made it. After 5 minutes of going back and forth he mentioned the color of the wings and he didn't know what to say when we told him that they are orange (buffalo wings!) then he said (knowing we live over 20 minutes away) to bring the unbeaten ones which should be 12 since its not  what we wanted, and he would remake them. When we told him it would be next Friday or Saturday that we would be in the area again, he said ok, then save them, because they don't give food away.... So when I said my husband ate one but we a saving the rest to bring him, he said he would only replace the 11 since we ate one. I have never been treated so poorly by a restaurant that made a mistake. Plus it is against health codes to have a customer bring in food the establishment. Waiting on a call from John or Melissa (owners). Wonder if they will get my message?????
3	Place was good enough that i'd come back. Chicken was just a little salty. Really enjoyed the fries with that fry sauce. The dude who was runnin the desk seemed like good people, other than being a Cubs fan lol. Gotta support local mom and pop joints like this though!
4	It was no red meat day for me and I wasnt really enthused that Mr. B wanted some chicken fingers (again!) for lunch and I didnt care to go to RR or RC ...ugh no, Im not chicken fingers fan and if I was going to have chicken Id much rather have wings.   So l suggested this place that had both. I had it bookmarked "to try" from when trusty Jaime W. did a review on it. The place was familiar to us as we used to come here years ago when it was another name (Chicken Bonz!) Then Ross J's moved in the same area and I was all over their plate lunches.The crunchy coating of their chicken wings is what won me over. I tasted hints of garlic seasoning in it.   I got the #3 wings & fries dealie.  Chose mild flavor sauce topped with more garlic parm seasoning.  The wings were pretty good size, real meaty, and the coating was nice golden brown. Just fried up so they were really nice and hot and juicy when I took my first bite.  I like the fact I can substitue the veggie sticks instead of having fries. But for this time I got both since it was shoestring fries.  The thin cut has just the right amount of potato to satisfy my starchie food craving.  The chicken fingers must've met Mr. B.'s approval since he got up again and got another order to go. The place was busy the whole time we were there during mid afternoon. Their dining area is pretty casual and had some fun wall decor with "why did the chicken cross the road" jokes. Four seat table and chairs accommodated everyone easily since alot of orders were "to-go"  We chose to eat there, so we placed our order at the counter and our cashier took it to our table when it was ready.  Staff was  friendly and service was pretty good. The wait time in line was short and our order came out in the fair amount of time since it was cooked to order.  So for this side of town, forget the chain places! Im making Chicken Shack our go to place when the family wants to drag me along for chicken fingers. Im down for their chicken wings for sure.
4	Nice little joint you guys got here tucked away in a plaza off of East Sunset Road.I ordered the number 1 combination which consists of 6 Wings, Fries, and a Drink for 8.29 plus tax. I chose chipotle honey barbeque sauce for the wings which has a nice combination of sweet and spicy. The wings themselves has a slight breading on it which gives it more of a crunch to its crispiness.As for the fries, SHOESTRING! I dont think I have had shoestring fries that good in a long time. If anything, I would go out on a limb and say it was even better than the wings! I can only fantasize how good their chili cheese fries might be. They also have chicken strips, burgers, and a salad with your choice of grilled or fried chicken. Now for the downers. Their prices are bit high for your basic chicken wings. The biggest thing I think that doesnt make sense is that they dont serve you any sauces with your wings like ranch, blue cheese, etc. Of course you can have your choice of dipping sauce but only if you wanna pay extra. Also if you want veggies like celery or carrots, that is also a separate charge. WHAT? When you think of wings, you see a plate or basket full of wings, fries, veggies and dipping sauce. That right there is perfection. I can think of many other places that give you dipping sauces and veggies included with your meal or at least free when you ask for it. With everything mentioned, mostly good and a little bit of bad, this warrants 4 stars. To the owners, if you are reading this, a little bit of sauce and veggies goes a long way.
3	My family and I had dinner with Jaime W. and Shirley B. It was quite lovely.I got what most people would get. Chicken fingers and fries. The fries were da bomb diggity. Dip them in ranch, perfection. I would want to be buried in these. The fingers were decent as well. Dip them in ranch as well, they will be tons better. (I am in an open relationship with ranch.) It was pretty grimy there though. Doesn't see like they clean the tables. You sit, you clean up your mess, with the exception of a few crumbs and papers. You order at the desk, so the staff probably doesn't see the nastiness of their tables, other than a quick glance when they bring your food. It was sticky. You can get over it once you eat though. Just wash your hands after and you'll be as fresh as a daisy.
4	Group of co-workers wanted to try out this place and figured I joined in  on this lunch venture. The place was little busy, great to have gotten there before the lunch rush. I ordered the first combination (6 wings, fries & drink). I got my wings Habanero Honey and it was so good! I will definitely be coming back during lunch or dinner.
5	Awsome wings and chicken, plenty of different sauces,  1.00 beers!
5	Hands down, THE BEST CHICKEN WINGS IN TOWN!  We've been a loyal customer since we moved here!My husband and I are big fans of chicken wings.  When we moved to town, it is one of those necessary food items to find for football Sundays.   When we first found the Chicken Shack, we were pleasantly surprised by the very quick service and the friendly staff.   I don't think we had to wait over 5 minutes for our food to be ready.  The wings were giant as compared to Buffalo Wild Wings, Hooters or any pizza place.  The hot sauce had a great flavor with the kick that we love.  DON'T FORGET THE FRIES! There is something about their shoestring french fries that are so addicting!  They are delicious!The great moment is when we walked in for only our second visit and they remembered us!   That was incredible to me.  Almost like Norm going into Cheers!  From then on, every Sunday that I called our order in for football, I didn't even have to leave my name.  He would hear my voice,  ask me if I wanted our usual order and said he'd see us in a few!  Great Food! Great customer service!  Great little restaurant!
4	Great food, fast service. The only concer was with cleanliness. The floors were filthy, the tables had some kind of rubber mat on them that seemed greasy. The business was hopping. Good food pevails. The sauces were wonderful. Great fries.Will keep coming back!!!
4	This place was good. Good price for wings, fries and a drink. Two of my boyfriends chicken fingers were overdone but overall will be coming back. Place stayed busy
1	Wow! It should be called CheapSkate Shack! We are obviously regulars here (ashamed to say Dukedom) and they wouldn't let us have a water cup...basically accusing us of trying to steal soda. My daughter drinks water or soda. If she wanted soda today, we would have bought a soda like all the other times before. But to hassle regular customers about a stupid water cup is RIDICULOUS!! Being the greasy dive you are CS, you will attract the less than savory crowd who take advantage of water cup privileges. Solve the problem without insulting your regular paying clientele!Also from the lack of cleanliness in your dining area...you could do for a health inspection.
4	Before the movies today, my work team decided to have some lunch at the chicken shack.  I've heard some good things about their chicken so I was excited!When you get there, you'll notice two picnic tables outside for additional seating.  I don't know if the tables are constantly cleaned, but it looked sticky and dusty.  When you get inside, there are tables on both sides of the restaurant:  two tops, four tops and 6 top tables. The inside seemed the same type of cleanliness as the outside tables.  Just looked sticky and a little dirty.  It looks like a small place, however, they seem to be efficient.  A lot of people were there but we fortunately got a few tables fast.  The staff was really nice, a guy and a girl in the front.  They were really busy but kept professional and nice.  For the food, we literally got about 150 pieces of chicken:  100 wings and 50 chicken tenders and a bunch of fries for about $150.  We got a lot of different flavors and sauces on the chicken.  Mild and medium heat chicken wings/tenders, lemon pepper wings and my favorite, garlic Parmesan wings.  The wings are super crispy and juicy inside.  I ate a bunch of wings and they were all cooked perfectly.  The garlic Parmesan really had a lot of flavor and no overly salty.  ON POINT!!!  The lemon pepper flavor wasn't overpowering and managed to still shine through.  I REALLY liked the chicken.  Definitely would recommend the food to someone else!All in all, we ordered way too many wings for our group of people today.  We literally ended up wasting a bunch of wings because we were going to the movies right after and didn't want to leave the food in the car during the movies.  Aside from that, I was definitely a happy customer and think the wings were great!  Will be back for more :)
4	This review is truly a 3.5, BUT everyone knows how I feel about good service and they had it. I could really make this one short and sweet. Better quality chicken than wing stop or b-dubs, not better sauces. Similar concept, but more mom and pop style instead of chain food. To me you can taste the freshness, which made up for the "just so-so" garlic parm flavor. Also tried spicy teriyaki and I expected more spice. The spicy ranch however was AMAZING. I think their dips are up to par if not better than the rest. I upped it to 4 also because I haven't tried all the sauces yet, and I will for sure return based on quality N service. Another good local Hendo spot! Check!
3	First  things first - the chicken strips.  Big, juicy, crispy, greasy deliciousness.  I got them plain with bbq on the side for dipping.  Yum.  Shoestring fries also good, the price for the combo is very fair.  Why only 3 stars?  Well, I hate to pile on but previous reviewers are right - the tables/eating area is a dump.  Come on Chicken Shack, either hire someone to clean up the place or have one of your current workers spend a few minutes out of each hour wiping down tables, emptying trash and mopping up.  My shoes were sticking to the floor it was so bad.  I told myself that the cleaning problem was probably just limited to these areas, since I wanted that chicken, but it's not hard to extrapolate and think that the kitchen might not be so great either.  These aren't the kind of thoughts you want your customers to have.
4	This place is down the street from me so I decided to try it. The fries are scrumptious, thin & crispy the best! The fingers are large, the sauces are yummy! It could use a real good cleaning inside, but it is, what it is and for a yummy quick bite to eat, I like it! I have to try some other items next time! I will be back.
4	Delicious chicken! Hot and fresh. I recommend the three piece meal which comes with fries, not too big but enough to fill you up. The fries are shoestring and are very tasty and the sauces you can choose from are all good. I recommend the spicy ranch.
5	EVERY time I visit Las Vegas, this is my first stop.  There are few food items in this world I would choose to eat over the Chicken Shack chicken sandwich.
4	Thinking about wings to hang with my son and instead of Buffalo Wild Wings, we to Chicken Shack based on yelp review from Bethany E.  She gave it a five star and I am glad we tried it!a.  Location - In a funky odd strip mall near to the great Ross J Aloha Grill!  Plenty of parking and space.  This is a very small place that can seat perhaps 30 people approximately.b.  The fare - Here you can get hamburger, chicken strips, chili and the famous chicken wings.  You can buy by quantity or in combos.  We decided the 25 piece for 22.89 and also the fries. c.  The taste - Nice and plump wings with a crispy textured coating. Very nice. Not greasy or anything, just right. The sauces come in a variety of flavors that are given to you free based on the quantity you order. d.  The extras - If you want something like ranch or blue cheese, this will cost you like .39c per small cup.  Odd, but okay.  The veggies of carrots and celery cost you and is considered a side.  They have small and large side portions including macaroni salad and potato salad.  I am sure there were other things I am missing here as I was focused on the wings.e.  Speaking of wings - Further to my comments, I did like the wings, however, the ratio of drum sticks to the wing portion was about 3-1 and I prefer the wing portion with the two bones.f.  A following - When we walked in, we were the only people here. After five minutes, the place was packed!  I say, check this place out. It is not bad at all and for the good ole wing craving, this is a well priced and tasty place.
5	Without a doubt some of the finest boneless chicken in town. There are a lot of options in terms of flavoring of the wings so you don't get just boring plain or hot wings. My wife absolutely love the fries and sometimes just orders that from the place.The staff there is top notch and the atmosphere is great. Love the feeling of eating at a sports bar without the smoke or rude customers.The only thing I dislike is the size. Wish the place was bigger but I'm sure that will happen somewhere down the line as the place becomes too popular for their current location.
5	One of the best local places, they serve big and juicy pieces! And not to mention their fries! They might be a bit thin but they're really good and taste fresh.
4	I looove their fries! I'm a shoestring fry kinda girl. I got the garlic parmesan wings and they were pretty good. Not much to complain about.. good price, good food. Just the woman working the counter seemed a little bit too busy and didn't provide such great customer service. Everything else was good!
3	Wish I could give 3.5. I work right across the street from this little joint and had to try it on my lunch break. The service was good,  the woman hat took my order was very friendly and knew it was our first time. Prices are a bit high but no too bad. I got the fingers plain with fries, I like to try stuff like this without all the bells and sauces to really get a sense of the food. The fingers were big and hot (temperature), but they weren't very crispy and the actual chicken part was a tad dry. The fry portion was huge and tasty, nice crispy little fries. I really want to try their wings, sauces sounded good and wings other patrons had looked pretty good. I'll try it again.
4	I use to work near by so if I was getting lunch this was usually the 2nd place I would pick. When I would go I usually got the 3 piece finger meal, believe me it's enough to make you full without being over stuffed. It comes with 3 large sized chicken fingers, shoestring fries, a sauce, and drink.  I don't know what seasoning they put on the  fries but the are the most scrumptious fries I've ever had, and I hate shoestring fries. I always get the sauce on the side. I get the honey mustard sauce, which costs a bit more but I don't mind because its like crack!  I'm really not a fan of their buffalo sauces something is off putting about them.What I love most is that it's quick, tasty, real chicken fingers, AND they have sweet tea (that alone pulls at my southern girl heart strings)
3	This is a small chicken place that I thought must be worth a try considering I still love a good chicken finger meal.  The shop itself is small but really cute.  I enjoyed the "chicken" sayings that were painted on the walls throughout the shop.  Definitely good for a laugh while waiting for your food. The shop certainly wasn't clean as a whistle.  But the service was nothing to complain about.  I didn't enjoy my chicken fingers.  Breading was not as crispy as I prefer and the finger itself was just... eh.  I did enjoy the shoestring fries.  It's not exactly the same but while I was there I just kept thinking, "If a Raising Cane's were closer I would have just gone there."  I'd go again and try more stuff but it probably won't come to mind over other lunch joints.
3	A huge amount of food for a relatively cheap price. But the tenders we had were on the dry side. I'll have to give this place another try and see if they redeem themselves. If it's good enough for chumlee, it's good enough for me
5	Taste like moms fried chicken Yummy! And who could beat the $1 draft beer, great baked beans and mustard potato salad. (Why do most people make it mayo? It's just not right.) The family was divided on which sauce is the best. Top picks: chili lime, honey BBQ, Jamaican Jerk. Oh and my daughter believes the tea rates right up there with good southern tea.
2	Not impressed... The wings are WAY to greasy and chicken strips are too dry. I've been here twice, hoping I'll feel differently the next time around but no... A selection of sauces is nice but the wing and strips are lacking. As you bite in, you taste old oil, ew.
5	Chicken Shack is a great restaurant! It's a real mom & pop place.I can't eat any thing breaded due to my gluten allergy. They make me the chicken tenders but without the breading and it is delicious! You can really tell it's good quality chicken. They also make a great chicken salad.This little spot is great! Stop by and see what you have been missing.
4	Wow good.  Not to diminish the Chicken, but the French Fries are out of this world.  Hardest choice in ordering is what type of sauce for your wings and fingers - there are so many choices.
4	Love their chicken fingers but they need to really work on service. Each time I call to place order the order taker never repeats order and then they feel annoyed that you expect them to...Sorry but I too worked in fast food establishment and was taught to repeat order with customer. Sometimes they are not clear with their own menu. But good enough to go back.
5	Best chicken in Vegas! I have been coming here for 10 years and the staff make you feel right at home. Their salads are fantastic and don't forget to order the fries. Go here and you don't want chicken any place else in Vegas.
4	I do love me some chicken shack. This place has some really great fried chicken, but what sets them apart is their expansive sauce selection. My personal favorite being the honey bbq and hot bbq. Their fries are also just amazing. My only one complaint is that the chicken isnt always consistent. At times their chicken can be very chewy, and not so easy to eat. I would say I experience this about  one out every three or four visits. Thus why I have not been dining there as much lately. When their chicken is good its a 5 star place, but with the inconsistency I can only give them 4.
4	Thanks to Bethany E. for turning me on to Chicken Shack. To my surprise after I checked in and was seated Bethany came over and introduced herself. It was a pleasure to meet you finally Bethany!It was the lunch hour and Chicken Shack was rockin although I had no problem finding convenient parking. I opted for the six wing combo which included shoe string fries and a beverage. Service is prompt - within minutes my entree was brought to my table and I was taken back of the size of  the chicken pieces served. I chose chipotle sauce on the side which was tasty and the fries were also yummy. The portions are generous here and I couldn't finish all  the fries.I would definitely return to the Chicken Shack.
3	Nice location... Service was good but nothing major. From the look and smell of the garlic parmesan wings I was expecting greatness!! The crunch and seasoning on the wing is excellent! However, one bite of the chicken and you wonder what happened. There is no flavor in the actual chicken... Such a sad find. It doesn't take much to season chicken... If they did that it would put them above the national franchise. The fries are cut thinner then most places but are so good! My disappointment comes when the signature item lacks flavor. I'd eat there again but I will definitely be trying something else.
4	This is a little hole in the wall place in a Smiths parking lot. I would've normally just overlooked it if a friend hasn't give me a gift card. Chicken Shack does chicken justice. I had some of the best chicken strips I've ever tasted. Their grilled chicken sandwich was similarly tasty. The choices of sauce are add nice variety and flavor. Further, the portions are generous.However, the Chicken Shack's strength is also the major weakness. The focus is on chicken such that there aren't many non-chicken selections. There is salad and burgers, but it seems to defeat the purpose of going to a chicken specialty restaurant.Take home point: if you're craving delicious chicken, this is a good place to satisfy that hunger.
3	I used to work at Sunset Park for Clark County. So, I've been to the chicken "shack" since it was Chicken Bonz.The blonde lady who runs the register has been there since I remember. She really didn't smile, or seem to have any personality at all. I remember ordering chicken tenders in habenero honey to go, with fries. The meal that I got was six pieces of chicken, and included a drink. Somehow, this ends up close to $11.$11...? That's like charging me a dollar for every piece of chicken. Then charging $2 for a handful of fries, and then $2 for a drink, plus tax. I just think that's a little steep.I get home, and I didn't have tenders, I had wings...and they are wimpyyyyyy!!!The sauce was good, and so were the fries. I just think that the prices are steep, and the feeling of the store isn't very welcoming.
5	The best chicken fingers I've ever had! Very juicy/ moist white meaty! Chicken! Had the damn hot sauce on the side! I personally give it a complete hands down!
3	Had some honey BBQ chicken fingers and fries. They were a bit over cooked which made them very dry. The fries here are good but fries alone are not going to make me return.
5	I am absolutely in love with this place. I don't know what they do or how they do it but I find myself craving their chicken strips all the time. I would like to try other things on the menu but I feel like if I don't order the chicken strips I will regret it. The habenero honey is my favorite. Also, this place is reasonably priced. Chicken strips, drinks and fries usually come out $6/person.
3	This place is "A-OK" as the 3 star rating indicates.  I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but it's a better alternative than, say, gnawing my own arm off.The shoestring fries would be very tasty, but they were so covered in salt that I couldn't eat more than a couple.  It must've been a heavy-handed day in the kitchen based on everyone's otherwise rave reviews.I had chicken fingers and they were tasty.  The breading was good and they were cooked well.  The ranch was runny, but yummy.It's expensive for what you get, but not highway robbery.  Also, the woman at the counter needs to relax a bit.  Honey, you're not running a Fortune 500 company.  It's the Chicken Shack.  Take a chill pill sister.
5	I LOVE CHICKEN SHACK! And I love it even more because it is so close to my house. I have only ordered their wings (honey habanero are my favorite, but all of the flavors are excellent) because they are just too good to pass up on every time I go in. Sauces are unique and do not taste like any other wing place in town. Strongly recommend!
4	Some of the best wings in Henderson, and the best take-out wings I've ever had. They are cooked perfectly and their sauces are delicious. My favorites are the honey habanero, Hot, spicy teriyaki and sweet chili. Shoe string fries are addictive, how do they make them so good ?!? Dip them in their crack sauce, I mean honey mustard and OMG. I literally have to throw them away to stop eating them. Their coleslaw is also really good. So why 4 stars? They charge you for sauce ?! I have never had wings that don't come with Blue cheese ( ranch for the west coasters) on the side. It's annoying is all it is. No celery and carrots either?! This you also have to pay for. We always pay extra for these things because you're eating wings and these items are necessities. For the cost you would think it would be built into the price. I would come here more often if it wasn't for the things mentioned above. Other than that, you won't be dissaointed.
5	This is an awesome little chicken wing/strip joint. The decorations are clever and cute. The food came out very fast. I order the 5 piece chick strip combo with medium sauce on the chicken and blue cheese dressing on the side with fries and a drink for $7.95. Love this place. Definately coming back!
4	Based on my first experience I this place gets four stars. It could swing either way though. The chicken sandwich was very tasty. The fries are the second best I've had next to Sammie's LA pastrami. It is a little pricey $8.10 for my sandwich. The honey BBQ actually taste like it has honey in it. Once I've tried more I will probably change this review.
5	Love this place, it's close to work so we are regulars. Chicken is awesome and they are big wings. Only warning is, if you want to dine in get there before 1130 the place gets packed
5	Great fast friendly service.  The chicken is amazing. Super fresh and tasty.  I had the medium wings "flats are the best" with the Parmesan garlic sprinkled on them.  Absolutely delicious.  Also got to try the fingers with sweet and sour sauce and hot BBQ.  Also wonderful. I'm not usually a big fan of white meat. But these fingers were so juicy and tender I couldn't help but to devour them.  Fries. Don't get me started.  The shoestring fries are fantastic. I recommend having them with tons of pepper.  They were great.
5	One of my new favorite spots , the service , the food , and especially the ranch were perfected ! I couldn't ask for more ! Keep doin what your doin
3	Yum! Chicken is tasty and love the sauces, although two of the BBQ sauces tasted exactly the same. The honey habanero sauce was excellent; should be called honey habanero BBQ sauce though because that's more what it tasted like. Great for a chicken fix since I don't have Chick-Fil-A! Fries are good, too. Nothin to make a big fuss about, just a solid take on a staple. :)
5	These wings are the best.
5	I go there with my girls and mom. We love it! I dont like honey mustard that much but theirs is really, really good. Chicken is excellent!  My mom loves the fries! It get really busy at lunch and the place is small. So plan ahead, i would say
5	I love this place.  The chicken is so good that you don't even need sauce but you want it!  Every sauce I have tried is good but I love the medium!  Lemon pepper rub is also good.  Portions are really good sized and most times when I ask for extra fingers, they give me more than I ask for for free!  The fingers are the way to go although you also can't go wrong with the wings.  Better than canes or any other chicken place around.
5	I absolutely love the chicken here.  I've had both the wings and tenders and highly recommend both.  The garlic parmesan and lemon pepper dry rubs are full of flavor and I am also a big fan of the honey habanero.  If you want a sauce and you don't like it too saucy I would suggest getting it on the side, as they slather it on here!  Fries are really good too....not to mention they have inexpensive draft beer.  Great place all the way around!
5	Phone order your food ahead of time.. The batter they use for the wings here are amazing!
5	Consistent, cooked to juicy perfection, crispy, tons of sauce options, delicious shoestring fries, very generous portions, and your plate will be ready before you get a chance to sit down and pull out your phone. If you're a fried chicken fanatic then this place is where you will find the best bang for your buck as well as your palate. If only there was another location in Vegas!!!
3	Back for a follow up. The place was somewhat cleaner. Looked like perhaps they mopped the floor in the last 2 weeks. The clientel is pretty scuzzy. The music was so loud we couldn't even talk. Asked the counter man to turn it down. He grumbled and then turned it down and then right back up again. Would have fired him on the spot if it was my place. Service is slow due to a huge take out business. Lots of people ordering and taking home. Food decent. Fries are great. Keep tryin chicken shack. You will eventually get it right.
5	Definitely the best wings I have had eating out. They have a pretty awesome deal Including wings, fries and a pitcher of beer for like 20 bucks. Highly recommend this place if your looking for solid wings!
4	Always a pleasant and satisfactory meal at chicken shack, this time was no difference. Had the #1 wings with jerk sauce on the side, perfectly cooked and delicious. Partner had the #2 finger meal, a bit over cooked but overall satisfied. Cheap beer, cheap wings, good sauce. Nothing else to say but bring some towelettes. Recommend wing sauce on side if you are taking out.
1	So we had ordered 12 wings. It took them less than ten mins and there it was for us. Who would've known she would go home from work as she could not stop hurling and having diarrhea.  Will be in contact with the health department soon as they should look at proper techniques to cook safely.
5	This place never disappoints. The chicken is awesome. The fries are great. They have a ton of sauces to choose from. What more can someone ask for?Around lunch, this place is jammed full of people and for good reason. The service is fast, and the food is always good. I often try different sauces on the menu, but my favorite, so far, has been the Hot BBQ. Try this place if you're looking for great chicken fingers, wings, or a chicken sandwich. They also have burgers, but I haven't tried one yet. The prices are so reasonable that it's hard to believe. The portions are larger than the price one pays.
2	I ordered the hot wings tender strips came with some fries and a soda the fries was very greasy!! I don't no if I will be back
5	Came here for the first time the other day ordered a combo of chicken wings and tenders with French fries and a drink. Took about 8min or less. Chicken fingers were probably one of the best I've had ! They're so juicy on the inside and crispy on the outside. The mild sauce was great in flavor. I actually like the really thin French fries. We'll definitely be coming back for more!
4	My family and I were headed to the movie theater in the same shopping center as this joint, so we decided to give it a try for dinner before hand. The service is pretty good. Their chicken is great. You can tell it is fresh and made from scratch. They have many sauce options for wings and the fingers. It was a neat experience and the next time we catch a movie nearby we will stop in again.
4	I don't entirely know why, but I'm kind of obsessed with Chicken Shack. I'm rarely on that side of town, but have noticed it on my way to Ross J's. It looked kinda ghetto so I stayed away till a couple weeks ago when Ross J's was closed early. I'm glad I tried it because I'm a little addicted now.I'm probably kind of biased because their plain wings taste just like when my mom makes korean chicken before she dips it in the sauce. Nostalgia is a funny thing, but I do think they're also just really good wings. Price is about $1/wing and many have mentioned that's overpriced, but that seems standard to me for restaurants - BWW is about the same. Chicken Shack also has huge drummies and wings, not broken or midget ones like a lot of other places. I'm a fatty, but I was full off of 6 wings because they're bigger and meatier. For sides, we've tried the cole slaw, baked beans, and fries - only the fries were really good crispy shoestrings, I'd pass on the rest and just stick with wings. For sauce my fav is the habanero honey (not that spicy) and garlic parm. The bbq and sweet chili were pretty standard, but I also liked the wings just plain because they had seasoning already. Service was great and the tables were clean the 2 times that I've been, with guys coming out to wipe down tables as soon as they're free. I hate nickel and diming - they charge for ranch/blue cheese and extra sauce, but what can you do.I also agree with others who've said that their chicken fingers are dry - stick with the wings.
2	Avoid this place.I've definitely had better. I was looking forward to this place, and it was a complete let-down. Yelp led me astray for the first time. So astray that I feel inspired to leave my two-cents. The fries were soggy. I like a fry with a good bit of crisp, but without too much crunch where it is overcooked. These fries must have been sitting around for a long time. The chicken was terrible. For a place being named for their chicken and still being open, I'm surprised it lasted this long. The chicken fingers were just as soggy, the breading fell apart, and there was no seasoning. I can't believe I spent money on this.The only thing this place has going for it are the jokes on the walls and its variety of amazing sauces, which had some kick!You're better off with Raising Cane's. It's cheaper and better quality.
5	By far my favorite place to go for fried chicken. My family and I have been going here for years. I'm a regular and my usual is the #3 with garlic parmesan and ranch but I have branched out and tried other flavors as well and I love almost all of them. If you're in the mood for some good chicken fingers or wings, this is the place to go! Also, if you're there later in the day be sure to say "hi" to Zeke.
5	Chicken Shack has the most amazing fried chicken and fries to be found in the Vegas area. I dream of this place, it's that good. People concerned with their health need not bother, come here if you want to assault your arteries with fried chicken greasy wonder and salt. Lots of great sauces, bone-in or boneless, heck they even have a Gardenburger. The fries are splendid. The location is small, the tables are sticky. It's perfect.
5	When I get a craving for hot wings this is my go to spot. Love the shoestring fries. They've got sweet tea. Seating is limited since the place is small. It can get packed during lunch. Everything is cooked to order so expect to wait a few mins for your order. I always call ahead especially when it's busy. Great customer service.
4	Big portions the chicken wing as well as the fingers were delicious. It wasn't very expensive and I got my food quicker than I expected. I got the hot Sauce on my wings and it wast very spicy but the taste was delicious and went perfect with the ranch. Will definitely be back again!
3	The place is called chicken shack... so they should have amazing finger-licking good chicken right? Meh. I left a little disappointed. I ordered the chicken strips which I found were overly dry. The strips were large with a lot of meat to them and not too much breading which I liked, however the pieces were just too dry overall. I will give it to them that they have every dipping sauce you can think of and then some. So I liked the choices there. And extra points because their French fries are awesome! Thin and crispy and perfect to munch on.
5	Best chicken fingers ever! I absolutely love this place. The price is right for the amount of goodness you get. What makes this place different from the rest is definitely the SAUCE. The sauce is definitely the boss over here. Bar none. The fries are good, but not the best. Dip the fries in the sauce, then they turn into the best fries ever. Service is always friendly and top-notch. My favorite spot in Henderson.I love the Jamaican Jerk, Spicy Teriyaki, and Hot Buffalo. They also have dry rub seasoning too.
4	Talk about some amazing chicken wings, this place has it!We had the medium, hot and honey habanero and all were out of this world! The wings were cooked to perfection the staff was excellent and the fries are just like I like them. The home made dips were also all very good! I would give it five stars if it was a five star type of place, but this is as good as it gets in dining like this! Next time I am going to try the extra hot as I like things very spicy, and the normal hot wasn't super hot. Also the hone habanero isn't very spicy but is sweet and spicy and very good. Also the garlic parmesan is outstanding, but in wings I do like spicy.
5	One of our favorite joints! Had a slight hiccup with our last order and was disappointed cause we love them so much! But, they fixed it quickly! I'm a happy customer again... -Erica
5	Best chicken in the valley!!! Killing wingstop in many ways too! Used to visit twice a week when I lived nearby. Variety of sauces you can choose from: garlic parm, spicy BBQ, habanero, jerk, original hot, etc..... Great place for watching sports too!The only issue is that they charge for ranch, blue cheese. I feel like it should be included with wings but I don't mind paying cuz i needs my ranch! Would recommend anyone looking for quality chicken!
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. I go there quite often and am now friends with a lot of the people who work there. They have a rewards card as well. After 10 meals you get one free! The service is phenomenal. Probably around my 50th time going there was the first time they confused an order. We ended up getting double the food we paid for! If anything is wrong with your food, tell the workers and they will make it up to you tenfold!The actual food is delicious! If you like chicken fingers, Chicken Shack will be your favorite place. It is far better than Canes. The fingers are big and filling and they have a massive variety of sauces. I personally adore the Habanero Honey and get that or Damn Hot. The fries are shoestring, light and crispy. Probably my favorite fries anywhere. Chicken Shack has the best ranch ever. It is seriously so so so good. Every friend I have recommended Chicken Shack to has loved it. Go give it a try you wont regret it.
2	Meh, it will do. I have tried this place twice, cause of the hype & I wings. The prices are average as far as wings go. The wings are pretty good size, with lots of meat. I have tried the hot BBQ and just regular buffalo wing sauce both were OK. Upon my 2nd visit I politely asked what sauce they recommend, the lady taking my order was kind of a bit## , she just said," the sauces are on the menu" in a snide way. The fries seemed pretty good but mine were doused in salt. What's kinda bs is they charge you for ranch or any sauce. That's like ordering nachos and paying extra for cheese, also there's no celery to bite into when your mouth is burning. All that aside, I didn't think this place was anything special. I will probably try it again if there is a spectacular sauce someone can reccomend and I have better customer service.
5	An amazing place in a store front complex who not only serves amazing fingers with a variety of choices of sauce, but also sells beer, so you have have amazing wings or fingers with a beer, what a deal in a small store front environment.The food is actually very good and the staff extremely friendly.  It really does not matter if it is your first time or you have been many times, you are treated like you have been coming there for a long time and they are always happy to see you.I like this place and highly recommend this place if you are looking for a snack or a meal, either way it is a place worth trying.
4	Makes raising canes on lake mead and i95 on the run.  Then again it is good place to go since I work at SandHill and Patrick.
3	Great service but the taste is lacking a little. It's located in the huge galaxy theater plaza and can be very easy to miss. The vibe of the place is pretty cool. The cook and the cashier are on top of everything and they run it efficiently. It's a small place, and at peak hours you can expect to wait for a table. Prices are average.I ended up getting the five piece chicken finger in the lemon pepper, tasted okay but nothing stellar. I think you'd be better off getting some of the more wet sauces such as honey bbq.
4	As an avid chicken tender fan,  my boyfriend and I are always looking for the next best chicken tenders.  We decided to give this place a try,  and I will say I am presently impressed.  The place it's self is kind of a hole in the wall,  the decor consists of 'why did the chicken cross the road" jokes,  and license places on the walls from various states it's self.  Service is very fast,  and friendly.  We both decided to order the five piece chichen tender meal considering of five tenders  some fries and a drink.   I was pleased to see that they had am array of different seasonings and sauces to go with your chicken. Including chilli,  hot,  mild, habanaro lime,  lemon pepper,  and sweet garlic.  I decided to get lemon pepper seasoning,  and a side of honey mustard.  The chicken it's self it nice,  crispy,  and juicy... Magically everything you could possibly want in a chicken tender.  Unlike canes,  I actually really enjoyed their skinny fries that came with the meal.  I was an avid canes lover.... Now it looks like im more of a chicken shack fan.  All and all I'm very impressed with the food,  and service,  and will be coming back soon.
4	If you are looking for a deep fried & finger-licken meal then this fried chicken was on point! The wings were equally scrumptious. There was a  good variety of different dipping sauces like jerk chicken and herbed parmesean that you could sprinkle over your meal. The haystack portion of french fries was also very yummy. They also had several good beers available which was one good reason to stay and eat there. We found that this meal is best eaten at the shack itself. Our take out was a bit soggy and cold by the time we got home.
4	I love the chicken fingers and dipping sauces the bbq baked beans were okay the potatoe salad and macaroni salad are amazing the onlyThing I didn't like the past couple times is my food took over 25 mins the guy hooked it up with larges so Im not tripping
5	I'm for sure a regular at chicken shack. in my opinion it is probably one of the best places to get chicken around town. not only is there good chicken they have exquisite fries. the sports atmosphere is fantastic. for a meal less than $10 you will not leave chicken shack hungry I promise you that.
4	I feel so morbidly obese for loving Chicken Shack's chicken tenders so much, but I dream about this place when I am back in Los Angeles, the land of many delicacies. I really don't have another chicken restaurant to compare this to since I've never been to Raising Cane's due to the distance, but this place is mouthgasmic enough for me. Chicken Shack is just minutes away from my house, it's cheap, and service is fast, which makes this place a great choice for poor medical students like myself.The tenders are deep-fried to a crisp, moist, and comes piping hot either drenched in a sauce of your choice or on the side if you so please.  You can also ask for a side of ranch to cool that palette if the sauce is too spicy. The fries taste fresh and definitely beats any fast food chain. I'd come here every week if I wasn't worried about growing another chin or fucking up my arteries...but alas, I'll limit my attendance to every few months because my hyperactive thyroid is now slowing down and soon, i will have to eat just lettuce to stay alive.
5	I'm a frequenter at The Shack and I'll tell you first hand it is quality chicken at a doable price. The first time you try Chicken Shack you will fall in love. Chicken Shack is a definite go-to spot when you're muddled on where to have a bite or if you're coming in for a visit. Chicken Shack is by far one of the finer chicken eateries on the west coast. Would recommend this place to the most loathing person of chicken. Great atmosphere, definite 5 star.
4	We were in town for Sema and met up with a bunch of people here one evening last week...great food and customer service!
3	I really love this place, but I have a hard time giving them 5 stars when we go at 9pm on Tuesday and they're closed. The sign says they're open until 10pm. What gives? It's making it very hard for me to consistently go there and we average at least once a week. If your sign says you're open until 10. Stay open until 10. Jerk your customers around and they won't come back.
5	What can I say.. I love Chicken Shack! The finger, the sauce, the fries. So stinkin' good. The staff is awesome. Great prices.
3	My son & his friends LOVE chicken shack so I decided to give it a try. It is a very busy place so they must be doing something right. My biggest complaint is how small the place is. I was placing an order to go, the counter to order is in the back, there is a 4 top on the left & the soda dispenser on the right. I have an 18 month old & had her with me. So trying to not have her grabbing or hitting the people at the table & not play with the soda machine left VERY LITTLE room. I was in the way of staff coming from the back to hand out orders & for people trying to get refills. We finally get to the counter & I asked a few questions making it obvious it was my 1st visit. I place an order for 24 lemon pepper wings & a garlic Parmesan fingers meal. I pay & turn around to go wait & there's nowhere to go. They was 3 people in line behind me 2 other people waiting for their to go orders & 2 people trying to get refills. SO CROWDED. I finally get out of the way & go to wait at a 2 top, the only open table. My order didn't take to long. I get home w it & unpack it & there was no sauce for anything, wings, fingers or fries. I'm assuming now it's something you order as well. That would've been nice to know. Now the food itself, it was very good. The chicken was cooked to perfection & the fries were great. We will go back but try different flavored, the lemon pepper was good, garlic Parmesan needs more garlic & Parmesan. We'll also be sure to ask for sauces!
5	Chicken shack is amazing! Our go to place for chicken and wings! Casual ambience. Quite the hole in the wall place. Chicken shack is a great treat. They have an amazing variety of sauces and they all taste great!! This is the #1 wing place hands down. No question.
5	Love love this place! Got a number 3 chicken fingers with lemon pepper was delicious. Sweet tea was an added bonus. Will definitely go again
3	First time @ this place. It was packed which seems to be a good sign, I ordered the chicken fingers, and really wasn't impressed. I had heard alot of good things from others, which led me to try it, but I wasn't excited about it. Needs more sauce as they seemed dry... Not bad, but not great.
4	First time here. We ordered a chicken strip combo and 6 wings with the honey habanero. Chicken strip were excellent . Crispy and juicy. The wings were also awesome. Huge and good flavor. The only minus was the fries.  They were soggy and tasted like old fryer oil. If not for the fries it would of been 5 stars
5	Great place! My go to place for chicken.
5	Great chicken wings with the habanero honey sauce and garlic parmesan. The potato salad was very good. Fries were tasty and good. Chili was excellent too with the fixins.The service was fast and very friendly without the attitude of working.Thank you Chicken Shack.
5	*review for delivery*They got that good, good chicken! Ordered delivery through postmates to South Summerlin. Food was still hot. Had chicken wings in teriyaki and honey BBQ. Sauces were delicious and chicken had perfect crunchy skin. YummmmOur first time having Chicken Shack and even though there is a BWW down the street this is our new go to!
5	This time I ordered the chicken tenders with my favorite habanero honey and ranch. The hot teriyaki sauce was too sweet. The tenders were excellent along with my potato salad and chili with all the toppings, YUMMY!
