4	If you are looking for a Chicken Salad Sandwich. The Fish Market is the place for you. It has one of, if not the best Chicken Salad around. It actually has pieces of apple in it with nice chunky chicken. Just a great sandwich. Not sure about all the other great sounding things on the menu. I've been there around six times and get the same thing. Its a fairly new restaurant. So its very clean and has a very nice bar area. And staff is really engaging.
4	Great place for lunches, great laid back bar, two for one bar food on Tuesday, I especially like the jerk chicken piaza at the bar (dough and all made from scratch). and actually it offers quite a nice regular menu and great desserts. The chocolate creme brule is the best.  Most of the food is made from scratch, kind of has a high end Disney restaurant food feel to it.  The atmosphere is eclectic and warm, the staff is great, but you have to push a little if you are on a luch hour. I will go again and again.  :)M
4	I have been here several times and the food is consistent. This is an uptown Charlotte restaurant in Ft. Mill. Never been here for lunch so I can't speak to that but Dinner is excellent.A good Seafood restaurant is hard to come by if you want to keep your money this side of the SC/NC border. Yes you can actually find it in Ft. Mill.Also has nice outside seating.
5	I'm an extremely picky seafood and sushi eater, and Fish Market never disappoints. I might even be their best customer, as I live within walking distance and my business is down the street. You'll find me there once, maybe twice a week because it's just that good.Some of my favorites that aren't sushi- the chilean sea bass, gumbo, beet salad, seaweed salad, their risotto is amazing, you're always making a great choice with their specials- and Gabriel the bartender makes the best extra dirty kettle one three olive martinis in the universe.
2	The Fish Market, up until now, has been one of our favorite restaurants. They have a new chef as of the beginning of May and the difference is very apparent. Not so good any more.
3	The Fishmarket in Baxter is truly what it bills itself as...a unique restaurant in a unique atmosphere. The food has been great every time we've been. If you want a better seafood experience from a food standpoint, you'll need to get on your horse and head up to LaVecchia's in Uptown Charlotte...and even then, you may not do better. Probably need to go even farther, say, to Charleston, and check out Hank's before you'll find a rival any closer. The Sunday brunch is also unbeatable. $2 mimosas and $3 bloody Marys are hard to beat, especially in Fort Mill, where several restaurants still lack the special Sunday liquor license... Unfortunately, Sunday brunch is 100% of the business we do at this restaurant anymore...because we can serve ourselves. This is the first restaurant where I've taken off two stars for poor service, mainly because that is what precludes us from enjoying dinner here anymore. When I go to a restaurant that bills itself to be at this caliber, I've come to expect a couple of things from the wait staff...here are a few: 1) Be knowledgeable about the menu, when asked for a recommendation (I do NOT want to hear "oh, I don't eat fish" from a server at a seafood restaurant...go work at Applebees). 2) PLEASE come by my table more than once during a service...and that was just to drop off the bill, after one of her counterparts did the majority of the work. Wasn't sure who I was tipping? 3) Don't flirt with the bartender while you are on the clock, and I'm not being served. 4) Don't complain about how crappy your job is to other servers within earshot of customers, while those customers are waiting on you. 5) Do NOT, while I'm still sitting at the table, pick up the bill book once I've written my tip, open it while standing at the table to SEE what kind of tip I left, and then walk away without a word (don't know what he was upset about...it was a 20% tip....even WITH the crappy service!). 6) Don't be slower than Christmas, with EVERYTHING, and seem like it is an inconvenience to you when I ask for more water. These examples are from multiple trips, and multiple different servers observed. Basically, a lack of server education/professionalism is evident at the restaurant. I wish I could rate it higher, because the food is definitely worthy. If the front of the house management does a better job hiring/training front of the house staff, we will return for more than just brunch.
4	Been here for brunch a few times and have always had a good experience. The food is varied, fresh and well prepared. She crab Soup is a staple on the brunch buffett, along with salads with fun dressings (peach champagne, strawberry basalmic, etc). With a medely of seafood, chicken, salad/soup and breakfast foods, the buffet is always replenished frequently.The decor is plantation style but darker on the inside, but my favorite dining spot is outside at one of the tables on the veranda! The landscaping is beautiful and there's always a cool breeze that seems to flow through there. Perfect space for a romantic Sunday afternoon! ;)
4	We were around Baxter equipped with our Citipass coupon in tow with low expectations.  I generally have not had great experiences at most places around here that tout themselves as fish specialists, and the reviews were hit and miss. But at that point, my husband was at code red hunger which usually means he's mad at the world and nothing will satisfy.Much to my relief, he ordered the shrimp & grits and I ordered a trout.  My trout had a ton of unique toppings like crab and apple and other good stuff that was really different and enjoyable. Trout can sometimes be a bit boring and the chef did a nice job trying to make up for it.  The accompaniments were well prepared.  But let's get to the shrimp & grits. Hungryman took a bite of his dish and I paused, waiting for his reaction.  He seemed to be savoring it and remarked, "This is what I've been waiting for my whole life!"  Touchdown!!! Exhale.  He really loved the sauce that it came with (a little more soupy than most around here) and had great flavor and he really enjoyed the sausage that came with it.  We were so impressed that we came back for Father's Day brunch where the S&G was available on the buffet. As you know, I HATE buffets, but it wasn't bad.  I might have even gotten my money's worth.  French toast, omelet station, cinnamon palmiers, etc...  The only reason I didn't give it a 5th star (because dinner deserved it) was the absolutely atrocious service we got in the brunch. The next table's waitress even felt sorry for us.  She was either new to the industry or just pissed off that she had to work in general. I had to get my own water after waiting 30 minutes. She even yelled at us for not being there one time while we were checking out the brunch line.  Also when we were there, it was $5 mimosas not $2 like Greg said. Maybe it was just for Father's Day.  Anyway we'll be back for dinner but probably not brunch. This place needs a bigger sign.
3	I wished this place lived up to my expectations, which was pretty high after reading the previous reviews here.   The tables were mostly filled on a Tue evening, so I was optimistic walking in to the restaurant.  Decor was very hip on the verge of being formal.  The dress code ranged from guys in shorts and flip flop to suit & tie.My waiter didn't read out the night's special to me (in fact I didn't even know there were specials until I overheard the next table.)First came the Mixed Greens Salad ($6).  Not bad but quantity was a bit skimpy.   Then the bread/dip arrived.... these were in fact the BEST part of the meal.   The bread (I think the waiter said it's fennel bread) was warm and soft.  The dip was absolutely tasty -  Half was basil pesto and half was roasted garlic puree.  If I knew about these, I could've eaten it all night.  Well, maybe not since the restaurant wouldn't be happy if I didn't order anything on top.The main entree was the scallop ($21) which came as 4 big (U7) scallops around a corn souffle and spinach on top.  Wow, the scallops were massively SALTY.  I normally don't turn back food but this time I had to.  While the kitchen fired up another batch, I ate the extra crabcake ($7.95) which was a bit dry but was made with lots of crabmeat.  As for the complements, the corn souffle was delicious, however, the spinach was again overly salty.  If it wasn't for the salt, it would've been nicely cooked (with garlic and oil) and not over-wilted.When my new scallops arrived, I was again disappointed.  These were not as salty as the 1st time, but there was absolutely no hint of the fresh sweet taste that I expected.   It's more like eating a rubbery protein with a burnt taste on the outside (from the sear which should've given it sweetness rather than the bitter flavor).  In addition, the curry / Indian tasting sauce that comes with the dish just didn't go well at all.   I can't describe how bad it tasted overall.  Well, I didn't want to send it back again so I ate it anyway.  I just hope the fish dishes are better than this as it's the name for the restaurant itself.
3	I'm giving this 3 stars (5 star for the service.... 1 star for the food.)  It's like going to a place with excellent decor and super friendly wait staff, but mediocre cooking.... I live in the NE, so I benchmark against my home for good seafood.  After the disastrous scallop dish 2 days ago, I returned for a fish dish hoping to get better results.  Well, I was disappointed again.  First I had the Cioppini (wrong spelling probably).... I was told it's like a bouillabaisse but it turned out to be more like a large bowl of hot tomato puree straight out of the can with a few chucks of seafood boiled in it.... Absolutely tasted no seafood and I could not possibly eat the dish without ending up with Acid Reflux.  So I reluctantly sent it back -  my waitress insisted it was ok (she was really feeling bad for having recommended it).  Otherwise, I'd just eat what I could to fill up for the night.   For replacement,  I had the trout dish which came in several half fillet pieces dusted with cornflour and pan fired, topped with a few cubes of pears & bacon, on top of a pile of mash sweet potatoes and a pear puree (? unsure if it was pear).  First the presentation was 1st class, but taste was not.  I had better tasting trout elsewhere.  The bread this time was dry (not moist like the last time).  For the price of the entrees (mostly $20+), I expected better.  Also, other places would've included a salad ....well not here.     So will I come back again.... Probably Not.   I discovered Captain Steve's thru a local friend and the prices are cheap and you get nice piles of sweet scallops (broiled or fried) with a nice salad for below $20... the atmosphere is more like a family dining hall rather than a classy joint like Fish Market.  But hey I only care about good food.
4	Sunday Brunch was very nice! this was our first visit and i must admit I choose this place only because i have a addiction to She Crab Soup and being so far away from my home towns near Charleston SC i really wanted some.the buffet on Sunday gave us a chance to taste the food in small amounts which is what I prefer when hitting up a totally new place. I stayed on the lunch side of the buffet, my husband ate mostly breakfast items. the she crab soup was very good, not the best I've ever had but it hit the spot. I did have to ask for extra sherry, it lacked that.they had prime rib on the carving station (which is in the kitchen so you have to ask the server for it) It was GREAT!!!! they make it rare so you will need to have it cooked more if that is what you like. The aujus served with it was not broth like! It was thicker and stuck to the meat which was warm and very tender like all prime rib SHOULD be! i cut it with a butter knife!I ate a bite or too of the fish, which was nice flavored but cold unfortunately. The shrimp and grits was for me blah! small seemingly previously frozen shrimp in course grits. The mac and cheese pasta was also blah, lacked cheese flavor and was again cold. The mixed salad on the bar was nice and there were several dressing choices. The desserts are a nice variety and small enough portions that you can get several! We will go back! but this time i know what to order!
2	This place is ok, but I think it is totally overrated.  The lack of spices on the food really brought down the level of taste. If it wasn't for the $20 coupon we got in the mail, we would not have come here.
5	Lunch today was Fantastic!  I was sent by the owner of the Chocolat Boutique next door!  Walk in and you are greeted by a Waterfall, with two more Waterfalls behind that, Jazzy background music and a friendly staff that took really good care of me for lunch!  This is a friendly and efficient Team!Shrimp, Chicken and Andouli Sausage Gumbo, thick and very flavorful.  Easily one of the best i've eaten and Best in a while for sure! - Beef Chili (special not always on the menu) Was thick and meaty with a perfect flavor. Shrimp Wrap, Spinach flour tortilla with Citrus Vinaigrette, Yellow Tomatoes, Purple and dark green "greens", served with hot Chips and look at this Dessert tray (photo).  If I had not already had Chocolates and getting ready to go Cupcrazed at the Cakery down the street I would have gotten Three of these Dessert, Peanut Butter Pie, Chocolate Torte and Key lime pie all looked and sounded great.
5	Excellent food, ambiance and menu! Additionally, great service - I felt like I was in a country club but for half the price!  I will definitely return with my family!
4	Loved the shrimp wraps!  Be aware there is a charge to share entree at this restaurant.  Service was excellent looking forward to my next visit.
4	Food:We had the grouper with bits of crab and a light, cream sauce. It had an updated Southern feel and was beautiful to look and a tasty indeed.  I could see other happy tables with salads, chicken, and other seafood choices. Oh, we also had an amazing She Crab Soup, luxurious with bits of crab and an artful drizzle of cream on top.Decor:Calm, cool, and comfortably upscale. Beautiful art, comfortable tables, and water elements.  This place is nice enough prom dates and wedding receptions, but is a comfortable enough for local families and groups to come and enjoy.Service:Knowledgeable and friendly staff.  Good recommendations for menu choices. Not overly attentive.Easily the nicest restaurant in Fort Mill.  This is the place to take your date, your business colleague, and your best friends.
1	After being a frequent guest since resturant opened, we decided try Sunday Brunch. We had horrific service, food was cold and dried up. We have used this resturant to even cater an engagement party and it was terrific. Thinking this was just a bad day, I emailed owner, Selena, and I never heard back from her.  I emailed her personal email and resturant email.  Since her lack of response, this is a resturant we will not go again.  A very frequent guest was lost due to lack of caring about loyalty
3	A nice place for a quick business lunch in Fort Mill or just a quick drive up from Rock Hill. Grouper is always nice as is the southern style crab cakes.Service is always pleasant and friendly and have taken the daughter in for a lunch and they are definitely kid friendly.
5	Really great local Baxter business.  The Fish Market always has consistently good service, good food and a nice ambience.  I really enjoy eating outside there on a nice evening.  When we bring our children, the staff is great.  It is a great fail safe place to go out and have a nice meal.
4	The Sunday Brunch at the Fish Market is the single best dining option in all of Fort Mill.  Don't miss it!Outside of that the food is pretty good and service is reliable.  Don't miss the Sunday Brunch!
3	I have been to the Fish Market a few times for dinner but have not been for lunch much.  I went today to meet a friend for lunch.  The restaurant was mildly crowded and we were seated immediately.  I ordered the blackened grouper sandwich with bean salad and an unsweet tea.  My friend ordered the Scampi special.  My food was OK, a basic blackened grouper sandwich which was a bit too small for the size of bun that they put it on resulting in the sandwich being too "Bready".  Bun coverage is big for a sandwich like this.  The grouper itself was good.  The bean salad was a bit bland and needed some vinegar to jazz it up....it was pretty much a 5 bean salad with just beans and nothing to add that little pizazz to make it great,The service was spotty.  Server came right away to take our drink order and asked us if we needed a few minutes to look over the menu which we did.  She returned in about 10 minutes which is too long IMO especially during lunch.For Fort Mill, this place is good, I don't think it would make it in Charlotte.  I have had their sushi during the dinner service and don't know why they don't serve it during lunch....I think they're missing the boat on this.
5	Great atmosphere and a great menu.  Have never had a bad meal the many times I've visited. The entree's are great and throwing in a salad is also a nice option.  I would highly recommend a business lunch or family dinner at the Baxter Fish Market.
5	Loved everything about this place!!  Good menu options, excellent service!
3	Decent food for decent prices. I would say it is a refined Red Lobster, slightly better.  I was surprised to see that they offered sushi. We came here with a group of 8 collegues and started with raw oysters, a sushi combo, and tuna tataki. Sushi was okay. The oysters were okay they could have been more fresh. The sushi was okay as well. I had the shrimp and scallop provencal as my entree and it was decent. The scallops were overcooked and a bit chewy. Flavor of the dish was good with the yellow tomatoes. Best part of the meal was dessert. I had a peanut butter mousse with an oreo crust. It was delicious.
3	My first experience at the Fish Market was nothing I couldn't quickly forget but given it's one of the only decent restaurants in baxter village and it is convenient to my office, I end of making reservations here more than I would like to. The staff is friendly and the atmostphere is decent. I peronally had the shrimp and grits and loved it but I can't say the same for the other meals I have had. Again, great for client meetings if you are in the area, but I would rather go farther into Charlotte if I can help it and especially so for non-work related dinners.
5	Sea bass was great with good service.
5	This place is by far the BEST seafood place in SC. I started for a client near Baxters Village for a contract and told my co-workers when asked to go to lunch that I don't eat any meat other than seafood. The response was perfect let's go to the Fish Market. The name threw me off so I responded by asking if we were still going to get lunch because my hotel didn't have a stove to cook fresh fish from a fish market. Of course they laughed and took me to The Fish Market where I was PLEASANTLY PLEASED.I've had the following and ALL are 5 starsCrab Cake sandwich - Me having lived in MD where crab cake is the BEST should know a GREAT crabcakeShrimp and Scallop Parmasen Scampi - UNBELIEVABLEFish Taco - AMAZINGSeared Diver Scallop - SUPERBBe sure to join the club if you plan to go often, you get points per dollar and gift cards after a certain amount of points
3	Went for a business lunch, the decor is nice, servers were attentive.  I got a my fish broiled and it was a bit soggy, but tasted alright.  Want to give this place another try as this time wasn't spectacular, but wasn't bad.
2	restaurant honored reservations and were led to our table immediately, the waitress pounced on us and was rushing us to place an order before we had a chance to look at the menu. The waitress, was not experienced and did not mention any daily specials.  The grouper was ordered and came in over done, with scoop of plain white  rice, with a dollup of spinach which contained more garlic than spinace. This was hot eatable and a relacement of the spinach was just blah.  This restaurant which is supposed to know how to cook fish, misses th mark. Will not go bacvk
3	Had lunch around 1:30 pm today. My dilemma-all our food selections were very good. She Crab soup, iceberg wedge, tuna salad sandwich&fish sandwich. All were flavorful and very attractively priced. Service leaves a lot to be desired. Extremely long wait for food, drinks, however, came quickly. Waited for check as well. The restaurant was not crowded. Good food at nice price, just a heads up on the speed for it to be delivered. Easily a 4 star rating if service was better.
5	Excellent food, wine and service.  We hit them on a Saturday night with a group of 18 and they didn't bat an eye
4	Went today for a business lunch. Very nice inside, incredibly friendly staff. Sarah, our waitress, was really nice and helpful. I ordered the smoked salmon croissant and it was really good: they did not skimp on the smoked salmon which I appreciated. Bathroom wasn't the cleanest but it wasn't disgusting either. I did not try dessert but my coworker did and it looked good. He seemed to love it. I'd go back.
5	One of my top five places to dine. The paella, sangria & awesome patio seat with a view of the park & Market Street
4	killer menu and bring extra dough... it's pricey
5	Started out with She Crab Soup, it was excellent should of had a bowl instead of a cup. Fish tacos where great. Will come back again for dinner.
1	My first visit landed me a three day stay in bed.  I went out for a pleasant dinner ordered the "Queen's Feast Week" scallop dish.  The food was very tasty.  Then I ordered the Key Lime pie and it went down hill from there.  Mild case of food poisoning.  Sick for a couple of days. Ugh! It's possible it was mishandled in kitchen. I can't say I would return.
3	The food was fine. Nothing really stood out, but it wasn't bad either.The interior is in desperate need of updating. Everything looks worn out and tired.
3	The shrimp and grit here is great! The menu is a bit more expensive than similar style restaurants, but they do provide good food. It's a very laid back and wonderful atmosphere for personal or group dining. Would definitely come back if I'm in the area again.
2	Fish Market either needs to not seat people anywhere near the kitchen or tell Chef Sullivan to stop dicking around like he's some sort of idiot rock star when he has servers waiting to serve their food to hungry customers that are watching his ridiculous shenanigans. I watched one of our plates get sent back repeatedly by our server (Nathan, who was awesome). Gah, and I don't want to know about the rag that he uses to clean the plates before they go out. I'm glad I don't have a food allergy because it's definitely the same one for every plate. And how do you run out of PASTA?! The lobster Mac was watery and please can we all agree to stop serving a Caesar salad as four whole hearts of romaine? Not a fan. Chef Sullivan you are a tool.
1	Never again.. Terrible!!.. We went for breakfast...  The buffet was misrepresented and the food was just awful... We called the restaurant that morning, just to see what was on the breakfast menu... Host informed us that they would be serving, among other choices..shrimp & grits, plus quiche ...  There was absolutely NO quiche or shrimp & grits... plus they had the nerve to run out of coffee!!  WHAT                                                                                                    A couple of tables had hot plates with soggy bacon and potatoes. Smh!!!All for the price of $13.95 per person...and that's not including beverage.. We also traveled from Charlotte, NC to Fort Mill, SC for this experience...SKIP THIS ONE!!!
2	Recently went to Sunday brunch and had a few observations:1) Restaurant needs to be refreshed /renovated.  carpets very stained and in general restaurant is just showing its age.  After this number of years, please invest some money as this is an important restaurant for Baxter village2) Brunch buffet selection is ok, but not exception by any means .  Went closer to end of brunch and buffet was unattended, except for a person making omelets in another section.   It's tucked in the back room which felt out of the way3) outside seating in front is very cozybut has limited seating.
1	My husband and I have gone to the Fish Market for Brunch 3 times - mostly due to the location and $3 mimosa's.  Mothers Day 2014 was our third and last time.  The place was extremely busy.  One would think that with as many people coming and going that the quality of food would have been better.  With the exception of the soups which were fantastic the food was "marginal - horrible" and warm at best.  When I mentioned that the food wasn't hot to the manager she snapped back that they were doing the best they could to honor local Mothers.  She then added that her own Mother was in the kitchen.  Normally this brunch cost $13.95 BUT in their attempt to "honor" local Mothers they raised the price to over $20 a person due to the holiday. We were extremely disappointed with the food and service thinking it was $13.95.  Imagine our horror to find out they charge more on holidays.  Oh yeah I should also mention that due to the holiday mimosa's were no longer $3 but regular price.  One fact was very clear - the only thing the Fish Market wanted to "honor" was their bank account.  If you love your Mom or Dad and want to honor them on their special day then skip this place.
2	Went there on Tuesday for lunch, started with a shrimp cocktail appetizer, were given 3 shrimp for 12 dollars, almost made us send it back.  The food wile good was almost 40 minutes getting there and the portions were relay small.  I would suggest that people skip this experience.
2	Service was good, food was bland at best. Ordered blackened Ahi tuna extra crab cake and wasabi potato cakes. All were mediocre nothing stood out other than the wait staff who took their job serious and were very attentive.
5	Fish Market is delicious.Brunch: plenty of choices, reasonably priced, omelette bar, desserts are sub-parLunch: delicious choices, prices are great Sushi: tastyGood beers on tap, plentiful seating, good service
1	Consistently disgusting food and bad service. Tonight I ordered the Parmesan crusted chicken which tasted frozen and was very greasy. The white sauce tasted canned. Our service was terrible. We waited twenty minutes to have our order taken and had to ask many times to find our waiter. Just terrible and overpriced. Oh, and we asked that our pecan pie be heated and it came out cold and tasted packaged as well.
2	I went to the Fish Market during the Charlotte Queen's Feast $30 prix fixe menu.  I've wanted to try Fish Market for a while but the prices have always turned me off. I feel I didn't get what I paid for as the portions for the 3 courses were very small.  I was afraid this would happen as it tends to on prix fixe multi course menus.  We were very disappointed with the amount we received based on the price we paid.  Thankfully this wasn't the case at other restaurants we visited.I started with the She Crab soup.  The soup was phenomenal.  I could have ate an entire meal of only this soup.  However like I mentioned above the portion was minute and I would guess I was served  less than 1/4 of a cup.My Entree was the Pan-Seared Mahi Mahi .  The fish was ok.  I've had much flavorful Mahi Mahi at other establishments.  The lobster risotto was very good and my date's favorite dish.The Pecan Pie tasted like a basic run of the mill store bought pie.  It was probably the largest portion of the night.The service was inconsistent.  We received our first 2 courses in a reasonable amount of time but we rarely saw our server in between.  Our dessert was the longest wait of the night by far.I wouldn't make it a point to come back because I don't think this was worth the money.  It's Red Lobster food at premium prices.
5	I am SHOCKED by these reviews! In October, we took my parents there for their 50th wedding anniversary. This is a fantastic restaurant and anyone complaining about prices must not have eaten at many high quality restaurants... seriously. In Charlotte, the prices would be at least $10 more a plate. We were given the "chef's table" which was really nice, though my only complaint was it was Halloween weekend and there was a "pub crawl" going on and it was close to the bar so it was a bit loud and not quite the ambiance we wanted for an anniversary, but my parents got a kick out of it and their 2 year old grand daughter loved to watch them. We had a few appetizers - the lobster mac was decent - 4 stars. The crab fritters were a HUGE hit - yum, coulda kept on eating those - 5 stars. Entrees I had the winner - the Chilean sea bass. Literally the best piece of fish I have ever had, and I'm a fish LOVER. Nice crisp crust, delicious butter texture... I die just thinking how good it was. Scallops were a hit with my sister-in-law. Brother loved the seafood cioppino. Mom loved her lobster. Dad loved his salmon. It was truly a wonderful dinner for a wonderful occasion. It would have been nice had the waitstaff remembered it was a 50th anniversary and at least sent a dessert, but we had dessert at home, so it's all good. Definitely going back.. LOVED it!
3	The first impressions are great- you walk into this big restaurant with a water feature and nice bar to the left. They have several of those huge 'gangster booths' that can hold large parties. We went for Charlotte Restaurant Week. I had the lobster ravioli which came as 3 raviolis in a dish; and they were pretty small. I had the chicken for a main and he had the mahi mahi- both were very good. I had the pecan brownie and he had the chocolate mousse for dessert. My brownie was huge but his chocolate mousse was only one tiny scoop. I thought was food quality was decent but the portions ranged from tiny to large. There needs to be better consistency with that. I'm not sure if I would go back for the regular menu.
5	35 of us opted to have a wedding rehearsal dinner here and we are glad we did!  Serving 35 people is no small feat but the staff handled the task with ease!  The private room was tasteful, inviting and spacious.  The food was amazing and everyone really enjoyed the flour less chocolate tart for dessert!  Thank you to the fish market and their staff for a wonderful start to the wedding weekend!
3	Great dinner. Great service. A few gripes... Special was cold. Chopped salad was bland. Tuna tataki was just ok. The good: Chilean Sea Bass is unreal. Scallops were fabulous. Nothing life changing... Would go back for the Sea Bass.
2	This place is hit or miss, both in terms of service and food quality.  The last two times I ate here it was more miss than hit.  The waitress messed up several orders and the fish was overcooked my last time there.
3	Good food but oh my gosh the service,...... So Slow. Half of the  guests at our table are plastered. To slow and the folks are drinking to much
3	To begin with, I will say that the fish market is at a really good location. The entire street has a very local feel to it. Also, not to forget you definitely should make reservations before dining at this place. Unfortunately, we had not done that had to wait for whole 30 long minutes. However, the food and the service at this place covered up for it. We were almost about to leave after the wait and the manager quickly noticed a vacant table in the bar section. We began with CALAMARI FRIES and I would say those things really come in the size of fries. They were delicious. Wish they served more of those in the plate. Also you get complimentary bread to began with. Those were just okay. For our main course, we had CAROLINA MOUNTAIN TROUT and GRILLED MAHI MAHI. Both the entrees were well cooked and served timely. The taste was just so good. The ambiance was overall good. It would have been better however if we were not sitting right at the table by the bar section. The server later got us a variety of desert options to choose from. Key lime pie and Strawberry cheese cake were a couple. We decided to have the cheese cake and boy was that good. I would definitely recommend a visit to the fish market. Make reservations in advance and keep in mind that this is a $$$ place.
5	Great service and gray food.  We sampled from the Sushi bar and enjoyed every bite.  The Sushi chef customized a roll or two just for us.
4	Started with Calamari Fries and She-Crab soup. Both really good. Several different entrees: Filet Mignon, Shrimp & Scallop Pasta, Chicken Pasta. Both pastas were full of flavor and good size portions. Filet looked great and tasted wonderful. Would recommend and will be back!
2	Was expecting so much more. Met a client for lunch service was good but my Talapia was drowning in butter and so were my vegetables. ..ick.  The rice was bland. However my company seemed to enjoy her fish tacos a lot. I won't be returning. Baxter is adorable.
