4	I used to work with this guy who was a bit particular about where he ate.  There are actually words that would probably better describe him, but I'll leave it at 'particular'.  If memory serves, I think that there were two places in Charlotte that he would eat Chinese, and Wan-Fu was one of them.Whether that means you should eat there or not is entirely up to you.The first thing that you will notice is that the building is in something of a pagoda-style.  Or maybe a temple.  It's definitely not your usual strip mall Chinese.  Once inside, it's almost serene.  Absolutely different, and it certainly adds to the ambiance of the place.Like Panda's Den, the waitstaff really knows how to work the room - one will take your order for drinks, another will take the order for food, and then they just keep coming.  For example, when my wife's glass went empty and she switched from soda to water, no less than three different people asked if she needed more soda.  That's not a bad thing, it's just showing how on top of things they were.After ordering our lunch special, it came out quickly - of course, many Chinese places will serve lunch combinations quickly, so that's not a terrible surprise.  What was impressive here is that the ingredients seemed to be very fresh.  Not just unrecognizable lumps of chicken, but balls of chicken and cuts of beef, well-seasoned as we had ordered it (even spiced as requested).The only real complaint on the food was that the sauce was perhaps a bit heavy, which tended to overwhelm things a bit much.I also ordered brown rice and received white rice, but that's not a huge deal, as I really don't care too much - it is something to watch for if you go.
4	This is probably some of the best Asian cuisine in Charlotte. The menu is comprehensive, the service is pretty good and I haven't had a bad meal yet. It is great for take out too!
5	This is some of the best Chinese food I have ever had. I have been there several times, tried something different each time and was always pleased. I recommend the cashew chicken, walnut chicken, and the sesame tofu. The vegetarian options are great. The other awesome thing is if you get the clipper magazine there will almost always be a coupon in there for buy one get one free. My boyfriend and I agree this is a place to go to often.
4	Back in the day, when the jewish half of my fam ate dinner together on Sundays, it was invariably in ornate chinese foodhalls like this. You know, before Chinese fast food existed. Pre Bistro-Asian. When it was classy to eat lo mein.Dark lighting. Lots of carving. Good, if demure service. Large menu, with all the Chow Mein hits and a couple of oddities: Gai Lan served with any number of proteins (mostly dried mushrooms). Only place I've seen it in CLT.Vegetable Shell - tofu skin stuffed with veggies (again, mostly dried mushrooms) over spinach in a light brown sauce. Good.Almost MaPo Tofu - minus the all-important sczechuan pepper. Minus one star. Yes, I'm serious.Oversauced is a good summary of the lettuce wraps we ordered, and I wouldn't again. Cornstarch killed it for me. Overuse of canned and dried "delicacies" works in some dishes (Vegetable Shell) but not others (Veg Lettuce Wraps, as I said) . But for me, it all reminded me of my first food adventures - eating dim sum and shark fin soup at 8, biting into my first baby corn or water chestnut, noticing how fun it is to eat something I'd never tried before. Throwback.  Awesome.
4	Great Chinese food.  Costs a bit more but it's worth it in my opinion.  For instance, I had shrimp lo mein.  It was a large portion , the shrimp were abundant, large and devained.  Now I only know of one other place that does that and it's a whole bunch more there (P.F. Chang's).
4	For an Italian-American, I eat a lot of Chinese food.  I always have.  For some reason, my parents and I began eating Chinese food every Saturday night somewhere around 12 years of age and I've kept eating Chinese food at least once a week since then.  Hands down, this is some of the best Chinese food I've ever eaten!  And I've eaten Chinese food in Toronto, San Francisco, New York, and Philly - in Little China areas, nonetheless.What makes WanFu the best?  The veggies always seem really fresh and the selection is different than what you'll see anywhere else.  For example, the WonTon soup has some fresh spinach leaves in it.  Have you ever seen that done anywhere?  I haven't, but the flavor it imparts is impeccable.  Vegetable fried rice includes big pieces of fresh red pepper, yellow squash, and asparagus.  And while some of the other dishes can be oversauced, the fried rice has a lot less sauce than any other place...and that allows the incredible flavor of these fresh veggies to glide delectably over your tastebuds.It is a little more expensive than your typical Chinese restaurant, but it's worth it!
5	Every year my club holds it's Christmas dinner here. We don't even discuss it any more; we know the service will be great and the food better.   My personal favorite? Try sweet and sour anything -- the best duck sauce I've tasted. Bring friends and share your selections on the lazy Susans on the big round tables. That's how to discover the excellent offerings at your new favorite Chinese restaurant.
1	Even with $30 Groupon for $15 its still overpriced....... Food is what you would expect from most fast food Chinese food places, however this is supposed to be a "nice" upscale restaurant. Prices are high around $15 and up. OK so the shrimp are a little larger than the $5 lunch restaurants, big deal, still had softer texture than it should have. On to service, and yes staff is everywhere, 3 different people came to take our order, one after the other.  It was kind of annoying because no one knew someone just came by 15 seconds before. Food came out real fast, again what I would expect from fast food restaurant. Obvious  success is based on turning tables, and getting me and family out the door.  All 3 dinners were all received at different times about one every 2 minutes, didn't seem right.   ....And then we never saw another server again......   No one  stopped by to ask is there anything else we can get you, ran out of beer, no chopsticks........Bottom line is there is 2 very good restaurants you have to pass to get here, don't pass them.WILL NOT RETURN OR RECOMMEND
4	This place is a great pick for lunch or dinner. Service needs a little help especially when they get busy during lunch!
5	Best Chinese food in Charlotte!Honey Walnut-Chicken is to die for!  Best spring rolls I've ever eaten!HIGHLY recommended!Your pal,Walter
5	I have lived near this place for years and never ventured in well that changed once I got a coupon BOGO lol This is my new place for pineapple chicken and shrimp best  I have ever had.  They carve out the pineapple put the chicken, shrimp in it on its side.  I cant wait to go back. The staff were so nice even though we came in 45 mins before close. My friend  had the beef and asparagus mmm
4	I LOVE this places hot and sour soup....best hot and sour soup of any chinese restaurant I've ever been to!  The orange chicken is also fantastic. For a fine dining chinese restaurant, food and beverage is reasonably priced.  I think you get value for the caliber of resturant and quality of fare.They do "Team Service" which can get annoying.  Several reviews have commented on being attended to by more than one person, and this can be confusing and bothersome.  This must be an Asian thing, because most asian pacific restaurants I go to that have sit down service adhere to the team service principle.  Ah, dammit...now I'm sterotyping.  I'll stop.A really good Chinese alternative if you are wanting something other than lo mein from a cardboard box.  Think P.F. Chang's, but cheaper!
5	We visited again this place yesterday and it's"s still one of the best Chinese restaurant in Charlotte. I have been coming here since 1991 and the food has always been consistently very good. Yes, it is a few dollars more than our typical Chinese restaurant....more favor less oil/grease. Best hot and sour soup ever and amazing Sesame shrimp...enough for two. Tried the Subgum noodle soup...best kept secret on the menu. Loaded with large shrimp, scallops, salmon, angel hair pasta vegetable ........excellent
3	Gave Wan Fu a try after hearing/reading good reviews and my mother-in-law's request for Chinese for her birthday dinner. We were the first folks in the door for dinner (on the weekends they're closed 3-4p between services).It's a very clean restaurant with three separate dining rooms to make it feel much more warm & intimate than the windowless exterior may imply. The menu's huge with most dinner prices falling between $11.95 - $15.95. Certainly something for everyone.While portion sizes were above-average, I wasn't blown away by the quality of any of the four entrees we ordered. Singapore Rice Noodles with Shrimp & Chicken was the profile I expected and not something you can get at any Asian joint. The spice was particularly strong in a couple of spots and non-existant in others, so the sauce wasn't consistent. Wife's Hunan Chicken was General Tso's with a slightly sweeter sauce, and the Beef w/ Mixed Veg was what you'd expect.Only bad part of the meal was Seafood Lo Mein. The scallops tasted like some combination of frozen, overcooked, and leftover. The shrimp in two of our dishes was fine, but those scallops left the literal bad taste in my mouth.They were very accommodating for our infant son; probably not the best place to bring a small kid at the height of dinner, but a lunch or early dinner worked out just fine.We'd consider going back but, personally, we'd likely choose going to Taipei South just down the road on McMullen Creek Dr 9/10 times... slightly smaller portion and a little less variety but also half the $.
5	I am one of  those people who loathe buffets and cheap Chinese "fast food". However, many of my friends and co-workers seem to love those types of joints, so I have reluctantly tried a lot of those little Chinese places tucked away in various shopping centers around town.  I want to find the exception to the rule and find one that I like, but I am always disappointed & never suprised. So, when I want to have good Chinese, I go to Wan Fu. I would have to say that it is most certainly my favorite Chinese restaurant in Charlotte. It has been here for about 22 years, and I think they have maintained the same consistency and quality from day 1.  Yes, it may be a little pricier than the typical little hole in the wall, but the portion size is big and the quality is excellent.And for recent transplants to Charlotte,  it may not be as good as the "super-authentic-ethnic places" that you can find in big cities with real Chinatown districts, but for this area, I think it offers the best quality and variety.   In any case, I can always find something here to make me happy.I love the traditional decor of the building - inside and out.  When you walk in it is a little dark, but I like the ambiance.  I have been here with small groups here as well as with large groups, and the service is equally good either way. They try to be very attentive,  making sure your order has been taken and that your glass is always filled and I appreciate their efforts. But I think the key to why I really like this place so much is that every time I have eaten here, my food tastes as if they have used quality, fresh ingredients and that the food was cooked just right. (Chicken is light & sauteed to perfection - not overcooked and rubbery, and the veggies are not overcooked either.)  Over the many years that I have been going to Wan Fu,  I have never had a bad meal here. I am not a fan of fried rice in general, but once I had their pineapple fried rice with chicken - and it was pretty amazing.  It is nothing like that pathetic excuse for fried rice that you get served at cheaper Chinese places!  I love all of the typical stir fry dishes here - the Cashew Chicken,  Kung Pao Chicken, General Tao Chicken, Firecracker Shrimp, etc.  Of course, I normally go with brown rice and you can choose a chicken & shrimp spring roll or a veggie spring roll.I have been many times for take out too - with their easy drive up window, its a no-brainer!
4	Wow!  Wan Fu is excellent.  The restaurant itself is huge and well appointed.  There is plenty of space for large groups.  We had a large group and ended up getting a ton of food and passing around.  One of my favorite dishes was a kind of duck taco.  It was delicious!  Everything else I tried was great as well.  Wan Fu is definitely a far cry from cheap Chinese buffets.  The service was very friendly and attentive and being locally owned is a big plus!
4	For Dessert check out my photo of my Fortune Cookie Message (fitting Fortune for me since I finished two Desserts by myself)!  This Holiday season is not the easiest time to start a diet!This was my first dine ever at Wan Fu.  If you are not looking for it you may never see it from Highway 51.  So if you do not know where it is, consult the map!Hopefully all of my reviews were written keeping in mind where I am for example, Wan Fu is primarily Chinese, so my aim is to mostly compare it to other (probably none yet that I have reviewed) Chinese Restaurants at a similar price range or if it makes more sense I would compare Diners to Diners and Not Diners to Upper-end Steak and Seafood Fine Dinning!  I hope that my love for Vietnamese, Thai and Korean does not reflect a cuisine from a different culture. So this is a harder review to write and judge fairly.  Most Chinese Restaurants I will avoid and never give them a chance.  Most of the others I have been to and would not return just to write a bad review!Here was my dinner, comments and rating of each dish on this first visit:  Beef Appetizer good, not very good, just good 3.1 yelp stars.  Fresh Rolls, too much lettuce, still a good taste 3.2 stars.  Peanut Sauce, better than some (better than the ones that are primarily Hoison) though not to my liking 1.29 stars.  Plum Sauce, pretty good 3.5 stars.  The Entree:  Beef 3.2 stars, Sauce 3 stars, Vegetables: Asparagus and Red Peppers crunchy Fresh and perfectly cooked 5 stars.  Rice not rated!Desserts:  The other one (I took Photos though I do not know what it was called)  I'd call it a Bomb Chocolate Mousse with Chocolate and more Chocolate = good enough for 3.8 yelp stars.  The second Dessert was a Black Forest Cheesecake something special for Black Forest Cake 3.55 stars (better than the one I had in a German Restaurant - In another review I said I am a hypocrite, so there!) the menu photo looked good and I was running out of choices until I leave this place and get more dessert.  Wait staff should never comment on the volume of food I order and they did not here, though they tried to bring me the check after the Appetizers and before each dessert and I had already asked about dessert after I placed my entree order!The Service was a great Team effort, everyone was pleasant, polite and all dishes were served hot and as ordered!  For the service they get 5 yelp stars!  If you have not read my fortune cookie (see photo) from this visit what are you waiting for! ? !
4	By far, this place serves up the best/ freshest/  5 star quality Chinese cuisine! You can't go wrong at Wan Fu. I've been there multiple times and have tried almost everything and so far, I haven't been dissapointed yet. So why am I giving it 4 stars only??? The staff sucks! Like the quality of their food, their staffs placid attitudes also never fails to change. Also, if you have a Wan Fu coupon, read the fine print, it's quite deceptive!
4	My dad's Christmas party was held upstairs in their private event room.  The aesthetics of this place is a little too dank for my liking.  Their upstairs has no handicap access either.  We had to carry up the individuals in wheelchairs.On the other hand, the food is simply amazing.  Each dish brought me to Chinese heaven and back again.  Since the meal was pre-determined, I do not know the menu name for each dish.  We had fresh fish, duck wraps, beef and asparagus, seafood soup..and I'm sure I'm missing much more.  The duck wraps were one-of-a-kind delicious!I would definitely come back!
5	We were planning to head over to Wan Fu for Christmas dinner (a la "Christmas Story" fa-ra-ra-ra-rah, ra-ra-ra-ra-rah style) but at the last minute we decided to head home and cook instead.  However, my sister & her boyfriend did go Christmas night and and had over a 45 minute wait for a table (I think they arrived at around 8:45 or 9 pm). But, today, I really still wanted some good food from Wan Fu, so we went for dinner after catching a movie at Ballantyne Village.  We had an awesome visit and were totally happy with the food and the service!  David started with the hot & sour soup and I started with the wonton soup.  Their wontons are handmade in house. Yum! For our entrees, David and I both were having trouble deciding what to order - there are so many things I love here, but I had been craving cashew chicken. But I kept changing my mind because I really wanted other veggies that don't come with the cashew chicken.   Our server noticed that we were taking a while to make our decisions, so when we were placing our orders, he gave us a couple of other suggestions... which turned out to be really awesome suggestions!  I changed my order based on his recommendation and ended up ordering the garlic chicken which is a little bit spicy and has brocoli, mushrooms, water chestnuts, red bell pepper, onions, plus I asked for cashews to be added to the dish. I got brown rice to go with it.  The chicken was sauteed perfectly as were the veggies.  The flavor of the dish was exactly what I hoped it would be - delish!David ended up getting the garlic chicken too, but he asked for his to not be spicy... and instead of cashews, he got his with snowpeas and white rice instead of brown. Everything was fabulous as usual... I love this place!
4	It did the trick. My belly was delightfully full.
4	Great food!  Good spot for large groups...  I've gone plenty of times to Wan Fu either on dates (yes, I do go on those) or with large family groups.  The last time was with family friends and we were able to occupy a semi-private room.  I am told that they have a party room upstairs for larger parties of 100, the room doesn't have any windows so I don't really know what the ambiance would be like... the food would definitely be the star attraction (as usual).The best way to go is a large group of 6 and then order away... the lazy susan will help you int he middle of the table to fix your plates family style :)Favorite veg is the Chinese broccoli, hands down... but there are many other tasty dishes on a large menu.  The food comes quickly... you eat what you desire... and you take home left overs!
4	I like Wan Fu.  I have been on a few occasions without reservations and have been forced to wait, but tonight I made reservations and was seated right away.  I'm from up north originally and cannot find "good" Chinese Food like back home.  A nice sit down restaurant that doesn't have 20 people in line and constantly coming in and out to pickup takeout is what I crave for.Wan Fu fits the bill.  The decor is nice, although windowless :-), the service is attentive and although they have many people serving you it's not overbearing.  The food is plentiful and good.  We started with the chicken lettuce wraps which were nicely done with large pieces of crispy iceberg lettuce that didn't fall apart and make a mess all over the place like some I've had.  I had the Garlic Shrimp which also was well spiced and had nice large shrimp and plenty of them.  Only thing is they left the tail on the shrimp which I could have done without.  Others in my party had the Singapore Rice Noodles which was tasty and a HUGE portion enough for 2 - 3 meals.Wan Fu is a locally owned restaurant does a great sit down business.  The total experience was pleasurable and we will be back.
5	I don't just "toss out" 5 stars without giving it a lot of thought. A restaurant has to do everything perfect with no flaws. Well on the way home from Wan Fu my wife and I went over every aspect of the meal to see if we could find a flaw and we couldn't. For starters the building is quite impressive from the outside, and inside the decorations seemed very tasteful and the whole place had an "old school" Chinese restaurant feel even down to the music. I grew up in Charlotte and am old enough to remember The Dragon Inn, The Oriental, Ding Haw, and Ho Toy, and had, for some reason, recently been missing that style of sit-down, full-service Chinese restaurant. Thanks to all the "Yelpers" that recommended Wan FuThe appetizer was a spectacular start. We had the pan fried dumplings. Obviously house made, they were plump little purses of very flavorful and tender pork filling. The wrappers were so tender and good that I considered getting a second order.Entrees were seafood chow-fun and tangerine beef. Neither disappointed. The shrimp and scallops in the chow-fun were big, plentiful and perfectly cooked, still plump with a nice sear. Noodles were nice and wide and so flavorful. Even the bean sprouts were great, they obviously use top quality fresh ingredients. The tangerine beef was even better, crispy, perfectly cooked small slices of beef in the most heavenly flavorful sauce you can imagine. My wife is from NY and said that this is the best tangerine beef she had ever had. Spice level was perfect, not even the broccoli and carrots were left on the plate. prices were not bad for what we ate, and the little plate of fortune cookie, almond cookie and orange wedge that came with the check was a nice touch.We will be back for sure, I can't wait to try the hot and sour soup
3	Have been here twice on our drive back to New York from Florida.The first time we were very happy with the quality of the food. Flavor was excellent. Employees were friendly. Took a little longer that expected to get the food, but was prepared well once we got it.The second visit was not as good unfortunately.  The food was mediocre at best.  The waiter asked where we were from, when we told them we were from New York, he commented that the food was probably not as good as what we usually get in New York.  While that may be true to some extent, that doesn't explain why the food would come out luke warm and the rice under cooked.  It's rice!
5	Wan Fu just got an extremely low sanitation score. (These restaurant sanitation scores are published in the local free weekly south Charlotte newspaper) But I don't care because their food is delicious and I haven't barfed yet.Wan Fu has a pleasant atmosphere and some of the hardest working servers around. The staff dress in beautiful traditional Chinese outfits. They try really hard to do the best job possible. The food seems high quality and expertly prepared. The dishes are generous and worth the price. The cost is fairly high but you get your money's worth. Order with confidence and know that if you want to try something that you normally don't order, it will be made correctly. What I'm trying to say is that if you don't like the dish you order, it will be because of your taste preference and not because Wan Fu has poorly turned out that particular choice.Bottom line is: great Chinese cuisine!
5	Consistently good food.  Outstanding service.  We love the Wan Fu Scallops and order it often.  Inexpensive bottles of wine are a nice plus.  Their portions are large and it is a cozy place.   Definitely give it a try.
5	Wan Fu is probably at the top of my list when I think of Chinese food.  You can't help to get excited when you see the oriental inspired architecture on the building.  The interior is accented well with decorations.  There is a small bar in the lobby if you want to get a drink while waiting for your table.  However, there is normally not much of a wait.  The food is a little on the expensive side for a Chinese restaurant but it is worth it, in my opinion.  If you go there for lunch the food will be a little cheaper but you will be served lunch portions.  You can do to-go here and you do not even have to go inside.  There is a drive-through window in the back.  I have never used the drive-through window but I am sure you have to call it in first.  The cold noodles appetizer with peanut sauce is well portioned and comes with bean sprouts.  I am a sucker for bean sprouts.  However, The thing that makes this Chinese restaurant unique and stand out from the rest is that there are a few plates here that they will bring out on a sizzling plate.  I got the sizzling beef and my fiance got the surf and turf, both of which come on a sizzling plate.  The sizzling beef comes with mushrooms and a brown sauce and the surf and turf comes with mixed vegetables.  The thing about the sizzling plates is that the sauce will boil on the plate and concentrate into a delicious paste.  We both ordered brown rice which they brought out in a covered bowl for us to share.  If you want to keep a low profile at this restaurant do not order the sizzling plates because everyone will be looking at you wishing they had ordered that.  Next time I will try something else but it is definitely worth the experience to get.  WanFunderful.
2	I tried Wan Fu back in August 2012 because of the rave reviews and friend recommendations. On the menu I noticed the prices are considerably higher than other Chinese restaurants in the area. Now, I understand that there's a difference between greasy garbage chinese food and quality chinese food. But even still, the prices were still high ($4 to $6 higher per entree). So I figured they must give larger portions than normal. NOPE, not the case.Also, the food didn't surpass any quality of other local chinese restaurants. (I think Wild East is just as good, if not better. Great Wall is also a solid choice.) I just didn't see the $4+ per plate premium going anywhere. To top it off, a low sanitation rating... even for a chinese restaurant. I noticed this when I picked up my food. The food was good, not great. The hostess was very nice. The prices are unnecessarily high IMO. Overall, not worth it.
2	From living in NYC for 27 years I tried this place and I took one bite and threw it all away. And very expensive
5	We went...we loved....and we're going again!! It was group of six and from appetizers to dessert and be in no doubt that I tasted all that was laid before me was excellent with service to match.Must try - The Ruby Dragon!!
5	This place is excellent, the food is top notch, atmosphere is refined, and the waitstaff is professional. I have been here twice and need to go back again. This is a traditional chinese style restaurant and the decor has a lot of attention to detail put into it. I will provide more detailed review of dishes at a later time as some time has passed since my last visits.
4	This place is like Baoding in the South park area except more expensive. You can get pretty flavorful traditional Chinese dishes if you know how to ask for it. Other than that I think it is standard American Chinese food. The ambiance is nice, it really makes you feel like you are inside a Chinese palace of some sort. Ample parking spaces, generally alright servers. Come here if you are nearby and are eating out with friends but do not want a hole in the wall Chinese place. Also come here if you want more traditional Chinese food!
5	Best Chinese restaurant in Charlotte !!! To start we were welcome very nicely p, the server and host were super nice, to start you must order some dumplings!!! They were amazing!!! All the dishes we ordered were great honey chicken , sweet and sour chicken, pineapple shrimp , and shrimp chow main!! We also had a fried banana and ice cream for dessert that was great!!! Will definitely be back!!!!
4	As stated in my previous review, this is definitely the best Chinese Food that I have found in the Charlotte area.  It is authentic, tasty, and from cradle to grave they provide the best experience.  I love the fact they they take reservations and stick with them so if you're a planner like me and hate waiting long, south Charlotte Saturday lines this is your place.  I stepped out from my normal order last night and had the Beef Chow Fun which was scrumptious.  Nicely cooked, tender and perfectly seasoned strips of beef with udon noodles.  We started with the usual chicken lettuce wraps.  We also had the Steamed Shrimp and Basil Rolls which were disappointing, not enough steamed shrimp and WAY too much iceburg lettuce.....in retrospect they should have been sent back.The service was a bit spotty and since we had a larger party we waited a bit longer than I would have liked for the check but all is forgiven because the bulk of the meal was so darn good!
4	Good food, attentive service (from a team of folks, not just one). Hot and sour and wonton soups were excellent. Pork dumplings pan fried were as good as I have ever tasted. General Tso's is worth skipping. Garlic chicken was good - very "clean" flavor (not heavy).
5	Excellent all around. Atmosphere second to none. Staff was in sync, prompt, and courteous. Food and menu were great and left nothing to be desired. We were greeted when we arrived and thanked when we left. The restaurant layout can accommodate couples, small groups, and large groups. There are private dining areas as well as a bar. Highly recommended!
5	Awesome! If you're looking for quality amazing Chinese food, this is the place! Traditional Chinese atmosphere with welcoming service! I had the kung pao chicken. It was the best Chinese I've ever had!
5	Wan Fu is excellent. The food is atypical of your usual Chinese restaurant. They serve an outstanding variety of Chines food. Nothing here is common place.The service is marvelous.
3	3 and 1/2 stars Better than good, however short of excellent. Dinner prices run high for the venue which makes it a better bet for lunch, particularly on weekends. The decor is kitschy Chinese -reminded me of movies from the 40's- the menu is extremely long, but there's nothing exotic or unusual about the choices. -Hot and Sour Seafood soup. ($3.50) Mildly spicy, it looked and tasted unlike the typical hot and sour offerings and we enjoyed the taste, particularly the enoki 'shrooms. The bowl was small but priced accordingly and enough for starters.4 stars- Cold Sesame Noodles w/ Peanut Sauce ($6) a serving of stale pasta noodles with a dollop of commercially made sauce on top. Not fit for consumption. 0 stars- Spring rolls, one meat one vegetarian Greasy, tasteless and pretty awful albeit when dipped the sauce made it passable.. barely. Personally I didn't feel cheated,  I'm no great fan of spring rolls, Since they're complimentary : no rating- Bang Bang Shrimp was the favorite. (lunch $8.50, dinner $14.50) I found the flavor mildly spicy, complex and rich. The dish was described as a curry on a bed of angel hair pasta, not what I think of as curry and honestly there was barely any pasta at all however the shrimp was both abundant and excellent, I'd definitely order it again -for lunch.4 stars- Scallops in Garlic sauce w/mushrooms, peppers etc (same $8.50/$14.50) also mildly spicy and tasty but with less bite and too sweet for my taste. Lots and lots of large scallops, I'm giving it an extra 1/2 star for that reason only.3 1/2 starsThe service was trying hard but was clumsy to the point of rudeness, maybe just a cultural thing. We found it amusing and I'm not deducting any points for it - however under the wrong circumstances I could see customers going postal.Short of hiding an Opium den upstairs I don't see how this restaurant could be mistaken for any 5 star establishment. However those with no expectations other than a good Chinese meal will likely be satisfied.
5	One of the best chinese restaurant in charlotte. Love the place! Try the pork with fried bean curd and make it on the spicy side. One of my favorites. Service is nice, too. Can't go wrong here. If you want chinese don't settle for those americanized chinese place. Come to Wan Fu!
5	I love this place. Great food, quick service, reasonable pricing and a staff that is happy to help with whatever else you need. Also, when ordering take-out you get all of the above, the ready time is 15 minutes or less AND they have a drive-through window. It doesn't get any better than that.
5	So far, this is the best Chinese I've had in Charlotte. I came here at the recommendation of a Chinese coworker who recommended this as one of only two restaurants she considers to have quality Chinese food (the other was the restaurant in Grand Asia Market which is recommended for the most authentic Chinese cuisine experience).I came on a Saturday night to place a to go order (good thing I didn't heave my heart set on dining in; it was a 40 minute wait!). The interior was marvelous - very classy dining area with curtains, red tablecloth, and the lanterns. I'd ordered the gai lan (Chinese broccoli) with garlic sauce (their menu indicated spicy but I was actually informed not really; they gave me some extra chili sauce though) and a side of vegetable rolls covered in a peanut sauce. The quality of this place is definitely a step above the normal Chinese fare that Charlotte offers (their website boasts not using MSG or trans fat oils), and I wasn't waiting too long for my food either. Worth the trip and cannot wait to go back!
5	Hidden gem! I've been here a few times for lunch and then dinner. All times have left me satisfied! The coconut shrimp is amazing as is the wonton soup. Definitely go! You may have to wait a while if at dinner time (we waited 30 minutes on a Saturday evening), but it's worth it.
5	One of the best places in Charlotte! The chicken and broccoli was very good! The chicken and shrimp fried rice was good as well. It says 2 people could share one item.....not so sure about that.
3	Food was okay.  I'm Asian and I am not discriminating when I say as most Asian restaurants, the service is the biggest drawback.  There's a bar at the entrance, but good luck finding a bartender who will serve you.  Beverages for kids are limited - no lemonade or fruit punch.  Will not make it a point to return.
2	Oh Wan Fu, you were a big disappointment.  I purchased a living social deal after reading all the great reviews and we decided to use our deal last week.  The two of us arrived and had to wait quite a bit as it was busy.  We were finally seated in an area with plenty of open tables.  The hostess took our drink order, then we waited and waited for the server to come take our food order.  After that was taken, our food came out very quickly!We started with the steak skewers appetizer.  That was fun to cook and it was very tasty! Then our main entrees came, I got the Sesame chicken and Kevin got the Hunan chicken.  Mine was okay, not the best sesame chicken I've had and Kevin's chicken was just okay as well.  The broccoli in his dish was amazing as it soaked up the flavor so well!  Don't get me wrong, the food had good flavor and you get good portion sizes, but I wasn't wowed and I've had better.After we finished, we waited and waited and waited for our server to finally box up our food and bring us our check.  Their servers are really slacking and I think that is because they are trying to have them do too much.  I saw my server in the bar area while we were waiting to be seated, saw her answering phones to take orders, then of course being a server.  It is fine if you want to give your servers multiple tasks, but give them 3-4 tables only, not 10.There are other places with better food and better services that we will not be back.
4	We came here with a LivingSocial deal in hand, so I expected a type of service which happens in some restaurants when you inform them of that when you order.  However, they were very much professional and polite after a bit of a wait on Saturday evening, which is to be expected now.The funny thing my wife noted was, never has she seen an Asian restaurant be so slow.  Coming from NYC, we are used to waitstaff coming before you're even ready to order and almost pushing you out of your seat to let the next group of diners in!  It must be the south.. We waited over 5 minutes before someone even offered to take our drink orders and so we went ahead and ordered food to not risk another wait before she takes our food order.  Plus, go ahead and ask for your check in advance since they seem to batch all the checks and you'll wait for that as well.On the positive, the food was delicious, definitely worth it for the portions, but I think I would come back more often if it was a dollar or two less per dish.  We had the General Tao and Basa Fish with Basil Leaf and brown rice.  Very tasty and we had to force ourselves to stop eating, so we only saved enough for one serving of leftovers the next day. The brown rice was also nicely cooked, not too soft and not too hard.I didn't like the Velvet Corn and Chicken Soup.  It was like an egg drop soup with little bits of chicken and corn, not substantial enough for the price.Overall 4 stars, but speed of service would be 2.5 stars.
2	My husband and I have been going to Wan Fu for years. The food is fantastic, but lately some of the staff has been very argumentative and made our experiences less enjoyable. The worst was yesterday at lunch, they mixed up our order. We ordered a chicken steamer and vegetable spring role. They brought a vegetable steamer and chicken and shrimp spring roll. When we pointed out the error (the waitress had a strong accent, so we figured it was an honest mistake), the waitress became upset and argued with us that we ordered what was brought. She finally agreed to bring us what we had asked for, but set the new dish on the table with a bang and never came back. No apology and we were snubbed the rest of our visit. They did not thank us when paying or leaving as they usually do. It was very rude. I love the food here,  and don't even mind their higher prices, but they need to improve their customer service before we will return.
5	I would have to say that this is probably the best and most consistent Chinese restaurant I have eaten in Charlotte. I've lived here 8 years and still can't find a place as good as this. I've been here many times when I used to work in the area and the food is always good. Doesn't matter if it;s lunch or dinner, peak or off peak times. Ev everything here is very good. They don't have their own special meal that makes you want to come here, just excellent quality Chinese food with terrific service. I actually drive 20-30 minutes out of the way to come here sometimes.
5	Wan Fu is by far my favorite traditional Chinese restaurants in Charlotte. Tucked away behind Outback Steakhouse on Pineville Matthews this is a place not to be missed. Our most recent visit was an early Saturday dinner after a long day of shopping. We arrived shortly before 6 and were seated promptly and served water and greeted by multiple servers. Within less than 20 minutes the place was packed. We started off with wonton soup and spring rolls. The soup was warm and hit the spot. As for the spring roll so light and fresh served with a mustard and sweet and sour sauce. As for the entrees we chose two to share, and unfortunately I don't recall the names, however, that will not hold me back from describing. We chose the duck pancakes, which are prepared table side, which I loved! The duck was sliced thin and placed in the pancake with onions, scallions and duck sauce. What a nice treat! We also chose the shrimp, scallops & chicken with broccoli.  The service was also extraordinary, as always, and I look forward to my next visit!
4	Superb. Everything was top notch including the service which was friendly and attentive.  Appetizers and entrees were great. We will back soon.
5	We'd been here many, many years ago, and must have gotten standard Chinese cuisine because I don't remember it at all. This time I went with friends who are regulars, and got to experience many new foods. Top notch for me were the Crab Rangoon, Lettuce Wraps and Cold Sesame Noodles..wow. The waiter forgot to bring me back a container with that amazing Peanut Sauce, though! Favorites of our friends were also the Seafood Hot Pot and Eggplant, neither of which I cared for. The service was quick, friendly and helpful. I am definitely looking forward to going back. The hard part will be what to select from all the amazing dishes!
5	Best Chinese restaurant hands down ! Food is always wonderful and wait staff all greet you like your family! You don't have one waitress or waiter - every wait staff will check on you and serve you or clear your table or bring you whatever you need! It's the most friendly hospitable group of waitresses and waiters I've ever encountered! The food is bar none the best. Meals I've had : lettuce wraps, beef chow fun, chicken cashew, chicken lo mein, steak and shrimp asparagus, pineapple chicken, chicken fried rice, shrimp steamers , seafood pan noodles... It's all so good - guarantee you won't be disappointed! Two thumbs way up !
3	Good, but not great. This is not your run-of-the-mill, shopping center based Chinese place. I will say that the food is fresh, and made to order. Everything tastes to be made in house. Wan Fu is expensive for Chinese food. Fried rice is not an option with your dinner, so we had to order an extra meal in order to get some. Hint: the fried rice is bland, and not worth it. The bang bang shrimp was pretty good, and my wife had honey chicken which she thought was average as well. There are lots of options out there for Chinese, so looks like we will be trying someplace else. We had very high hopes.
5	Wan fu is the best Chinese in the area ..I know my Chinese and this is the place to go and we do often . anything they make is great . sa cha scallops. Kung pao chicken . hot and sour soup . the dumpling/pot stickers are the way to start .. And the building its self is a site to see its very fancy'ish but they love the kids !! Lunch specials are cheap
5	(Sunday Nov 9, 2014) We were seated immediately as opposed to waiting 30 minutes at Outback next door. The atmosphere was very warm and comfortable. Wan Fu has changed their menu radically. It used to be akin to a small novel,  now it's a two sided laminated board.  We sat down and ordered the Szechuan wonton with peanut/chili oil sauce, a spring roll , hot & sour soup & pork fried dumplings to start. All our choices were excellent! For our main courses my wife had the tangerine beef and I ordered Sa cha beef & scallops. She said that her beef was excellent and very flavorful. The kitchen apparently forgot my scallops. A manager was checking on tables and offered to re - make the dish for me. I thought that was very thoughtful but we were nearly done eating so the price of the dish was lowered to reflect beef only. He gave me a coupon for $15 off our next visit with a purchase of $50 worth of food!  That was extremely nice of him. Of course we'll be back.
5	What else can you add when every time we eat here it is so delicious ... Edward and his team of servers are remarkable ! Shrimp steamer for me and pan seared shrimp for the hubs and finished off with a mango cake with chocolate sauce ... Delectable food with remarkable service makes for a wonderful experience - Every Single Time
3	The atmosphere of this restaurant is five star.  Decor and lighting set a great mood. I actually felt a bit under dressed in a tee-shirt and jeans but I wasn't the only one dressed so casually.  The food was so so.  If you like Americanized Chinese you will be delighted as it was certainly a cut above most with that sort of menu.  I, on the other hand, love Chinese cuisine and even cook it extensively at home and do not appreciate the hybridization so much.  I ordered the tofu vegetable soup, pork dumplings, gai lan with oyster sauce, eggplant in garlic sauce, and the steamed basa in black bean sauce.  The soup had a nice chicken broth but the tofu was lacking, just a couple slivers.  The vegetables in the soup were a frozen medley* variety with the processed baby carrots, snow peas, and cauliflower.  The pork dumplings were certainly made in house and quite good. The gai lan with oyster sauce was actually shanghi tips (baby bok choy) with a thin brown sauce that was quite light in flavor and a sprinkling of jarred minced garlic ontop, not what we ordered (or on the menu as we could tell).  The eggplant in garlic sauce came to the table as eggplant with a szechuan style sweet and sour sauce.  The fish came to the table as a steamed fillet on a plate with the same frozen vegetable* ontop except the medley was peppers, onions, carrot, broccoli.  The sauce was not radically different than the sauce accompanying the shanghi tips with the addition of a sprinkling of fermented black beans in lieu of the garlic.  We gobbled it up, afterall it was Thanksgiving for these out-of-towners, and it wasn't bad.  In the end the name says it all: an American imitating a Chinese accent asking if you "want food".*After reading my post I should add that everything was cooked to proper tempurature.  The frozen vegetables I referenced were in fact cooked!
5	Best food ever!!! The only place I'd gladly drive to Charlotte just to eat. Great service, good vibe, extremely clean and bright!! Location is a bit difficult should you not be familiar with the area. I believe it's behind Outback off of Pineville-Matthews Rd. Pineapple chicken is wonderful, fun place to go as a group!!
4	I want to preface this review by saying I hVe been spoiled... Been to China a couple times and grew up in Flushing, NY which is the REAL Chinatown...and now I've arrived at Wan Fu.  The decor is a little overwhelming but cute.  You are greeted by a very welcoming host who takes you to your table and them the fun begins.We started with Jasmin tea which was perfectly steeped and then on to the soup!  Hot and sour soup was EXCELLENT!  Well balanced, not full of cornstarch and amazing flavor.  The wonton soup was delicious! Made with chicken which was an interesting surprise and tasty.  Not too salty :-). Next we shared the veggie dumplings which were good, nothing special but good if you like veggie dumplings. My husband had General Tso chicken(I have never enjoyed this dish as I don't think it is actually chinese food) but he enjoyed it and they make everything to order so it was super fresh.  At the server's recommendation I had the Szechuan beef.  It was not what I was used to as it was overly sweet and not at all spicy and it was heavily coated in cornstarch .... Kinda like general Tso so I didn't really enjoy it.  I feel like they may dumb down some of their dishes to cater to the American palate but I will be more forgiving than usual because of the amazing soup and freshness of the food.  I will definitely be back but steer clear of the Szechuan beef...but that's just me
