5	Off the beaten path but well worth the trip. HUGE fan of the pork chops and mac-n-cheese. Very reasonably priced and the staff is very friendly.
5	La'wan's was my introduction to real southern soul food. It was great and is still great. They offer seven different daily specials that come with two side and a drink. In addition to the daily specials, there are weekly specials by the day of the week, that are also accompanied by two sides and a drink. Mac n' cheese like I've never had on the west coast. (hence my intro to soul food) It isn't just a straight creamy mac, but it still has chunks of cheese and is quite stiff, greasy and oh so tasty. They also offer other traditional southernsides; collard greens, black eyed peas, applesauce (for pork chops), green beans, etc. Gizzards and Fried livers too. Fried chicken here isn't traditional. They use like an herb "shake n bake" esque type batter, then fried. Quite tasty nonetheless. For those of you who haven't been here, I guess I'll let the secret out. This establishment has won many "hoodie awards" given out by the Steve Harvey morning show. It is very eclectic with a wide range of customers  ranging from suits and ties to everyday laborers. La'wans is one of my bi-weekly lunch options and I highly recommend it to anyone who appreciates good home style cooking.--WARNING-- Do not get the smothered pork chops for lunch. You will be comatose! You have been warned. ;)
5	La'wan's  has the best Mac n cheese I ever had. All of there offerings are just like mama used to make. If you want some good comfort food this is the place. Fried chicken. Fantastic. Cornbread. Awesome. They always make you feel right at home too. A lot of times La'Wan comes out and greets her customers. They all treat her like family. Everyone is so nice there. I feel like they adopted me. I never leave hungry.
4	Got here about 7:35pm they only had 1 waiter. Guess sign of the times so it took a minute for him to take my order. The place started filling up. You could smell the food cooking in the back. I was so hungry I order the special that day country fried steak with Mac and cheese and Collards green. I went straight southern soul. The food came out it was piping HOT so you not getting some mass made food that's been sitting around all day. OK the food FINALLY a restaurant that serve REAL Mac & cheese this was the real deal . The Collards were so good made you want to go "smack someone" LOL and the cornbread was delicious. Now for the country fried steak it was good but it looked like 2 large Bojangles steak biscuits pieces with gravy on it over rice, was no creativity on this dish but it was tasty. Overall this place is very good the portions were just right not too much so you won't overdo it. I will come back.
5	There is no better soul food restaurant in Charlotte than La'wan's. The others are imposters! Try the whiting...outstanding!!!
4	BEST ARNOLD PALMER OF MY LIFE!small joint with everything fried and all the home fixin's you could ask for. We sat down and dined in, very low key/casual. The wait for the actual food was hard to bear but totally worth it once it came out.We went right at noon and were the first ones in the place, which was a good thing because it got pretty full a few moments later. Many people also came into grab 'to go' orders so the staff was definitely busy in the back!My brother got - Fried Pork Chops with green beans / fried okra **If I were to redo my food, I'd get THAT! the green beans were unimaginably good, cooked with pork/bacon. Fried okra, hadn't had it in forever so it was AMAZINGI got  Fried Chicken (dark meat) with mac/cheese and collard greens. The collard greens were a bit sweet, my brother said it was the best collard greens he had ever had (and he's not even a big fan of collard greens!). The mac and cheese was baked (just the way I like it with baked cheese on top). The chicken, delightful, but can't say it was anything CRAZY GOOD.My friend got the fried catfish with fried okra and mashed potatoes. The catfish was fried to perfection and the inside was still very moist. Forgive me, but I think I decided I'm not the biggest catfish fan but his was still delicious! I unfortunately did not try the mashed potatoes, but I'm sure they were fabulous!Every dish came with a small cornbread, which was perfectly moist and buttery. Again, I love the salty cornbread more so this was a little sweet for my liking, but it was still amazing.In the end for our three meals, it came to about $37 and then add tip, so NOT BAD AT ALL. We were FILLED to the brim and with DELICIOUS FOOD AT THAT.Can't wait to go back when I get back home! And next time I'm going to try to save some room for dessert, many of the 'to go' orders had mounds of cake slices and they looked friggin' delicious!La'wan, so glad I found y'all! :)
4	a little salty but overall some good soul food
4	Food was def on point! Got fried whiting, greens and mac and cheese! The greens and the fish stood out the most! Mac and cheese good but not great!! Greens were seasoned to perfection with a perfect hit of sweetness. Fish was rather thin in my opinion but seasoned pretty well....Their whiting is a joke compared to Mert's!! Nevertheless food was good and I will definately be back when Im back in the area!!
4	I felt like a barbarian in there, scarfing down my food with my hands not even pausing to look up or take a sip of water. I know they were thinking, "Poor little Asian girl. She must not have eaten in days. Bless her heart." Ordered the fried chicken with green beans and collards. The chicken was dynamite ... the collards were juicy with a kick. Green beans had no flavor ... should have ordered okra. Will definitely be back for the fried tilapia. I thought the portions and wait were fine .... no food coma here. This is a casual joint, but I came Sunday early afternoon so the place was packed with folks in their Sunday best. I was the most underdressed for sure.
4	When you walk into La'Wan's there is a poster of a martini glass with a chicken leg in it. Now this makes me chuckle.  Our server was so friendly and always a step ahead of us.  He's the kind that if you have a restaurant you want to steal him away.  The food does not rock my soul, but it is served hot and plentiful.  And it's really nice  when we were leaving they all said good bye.  Very refreshing to have such a pleasant experience.  We get used to mediocre service and forget about what it's like to have proper hospitality.The menu is standard meat and two veggies, pintos, lima, collards, mac & cheese, potato salad, mashed potatoes.  Roll or cornbread.  Sweet tea. Ten dollar check average.
5	It's about the FOOD!.... really.... the location is basic strip center storefront, but THE FOOD!!!  EXCELLENT!  The staff was friendly, attentive and courteous.  But THE FOOD!  really, I liked it.  Priced right.I had fried chicken, limas, mac and cheese, and cornbread.  Don't get no better.... and for about $9 or $10.  Did I mention.... I liked the food???
4	Lawan's fluctuates between stars for me.....the food is very good, but lately the seasoning has been a little off on the fish and chicken....still good and cooked perfectly, but not as great as it has been.  The sides are still delish(mac n cheese, okra, greens and potato salad).  If I were closer to the south side, they would be in my rotation, so for now they will have to remain on my 'special occasion/coupon' list:-)
3	Great service, for a called in pickup order. Unfortunately, the food was just so-so. We had fried chicken (white & dark), mac & cheese, mash potatoes, green beans and potato salad. The white meat was completely dried out and the crust was just ok. The mac & cheese was just noodles wis some cheese on top. I wouldn't rule out la'wan's, but I did have higher expectations
4	Winner - Best Macaroni and Cheese I have ever eaten! !! !!!  5 stars for the Mac and Cheese with EASE!  Rich and Cheesy baked with Egg (I think), this is the best one I have tasted ANYWHERE! The Collards were very good at least 4 yelp stars probably cooked with some kind of meat and Vinegar!The Fried Okra was better than most I have eaten - the batter was thin, though more grainy than I prefer, still beats most places!The Corn Bread was: Smooth and a little Sweet, just like I like it (NOT having that grainy cornmeal texture) - the flavor was good or a little better than good, though a little disappointing! Still good enough for 3.65 yelp stars! I ate Lunch here yesterday 5-14-2012 and they had not moved yet!  They said hopefully a week!  I drove by their new place first (in the brand NEW Family Dollar Shopping Center almost across the street and a little North (up the hill) on Tryon).  This new space they are almost in looks great: Clean and New and larger - Hopefully it will retain the Charm of the old place!
2	Ever since "Down To The Bone" (I still cry at night thinking about them) closed, I have been wanting a great soul food restaurant fix. I tried La'Wan's a couple of times based on the Yelp reviews and I hate to say I was fairly disappointed both times. The food was okay...nothing great or spectacular. What's to rave about? Fried chicken is so-so. Sides are about the same that you find in any diner. I felt like I was either over-salting or putting too much hot sauce on my food and that's not what soul food is all about. It's all about the flavoring and what the food is cooked in. I felt like I was eating at the old "Jake's Restaurant" in downtown Charlotte. It was just home-cooked food and not really "soul" food.Your pal,Walter
4	Good food, good people. Astera handled her business. Im full, nap time..lol...They are at the location now 7520 s.tryon
4	This was our first time trying La'Wan's and we were very impressed from the moment we walked in the door. This is the new location apparently the old one was just a little store front so it's nice to have the open seating and larger area.The pictures on the wall when you walk in make your mouth water...pork chops, fried chicken, fish and rice and beans just to name a few....Since we were not sure what to order we requested the help of our waitress she suggested that we try the beef tips and fried chicken they were her favorites and most of the regulars too! Our sides were rice and beans, cabbage, corn bread and fried okra! When we got our food it was HOT and made me wish I could eat more! The beef tips were so tender and juicy the rice and beans was cooked perfectly and the cabbage was so flavorful! And that fried chicken....OH my GOODNESS!!! It almost compared to my mom's so that's how I know it's good home cooking! The manager came out and asked how we enjoyed our food, talked to us a little about her new location and welcomed us to come back and try some of her other tasty items. Great service and great location and I look forward to trying EVERY picture on the wall!YUM!!!
5	Sooo I had a craving for some good home cooking...and I knew for a fact it wasn't coming from my kitchen...LOL So I stopped in for a lunch special at La'Wan's and I was not disappointed!!! So I had to give it the highest rating I could because my meal was awesome! I had the fried porkchop, fried okra and Mac and cheese....and it almost made me forget for a moment I wasn't at home sitting at the dining room table after my mom made Sunday dinner! Mmmmmm!!!! The fried porkchop was crispy with delicious flavor in the seasoning, the meat was juicy and tender and it came out HOT....yummy! I've reviewed the fried okra before but trust me even if you're not a fan of okra you will love it here...the breading they use to coat it and the  freshness of the okra will have you secretly admitting that you actually have been an okra fan all your life!And now to that mac and cheese....YUMMY! Perfect amount of cheese, pasta and flavor, I loved every bite! And again it came out hot and fresh! Add a piece of corn bread and a drink and for less than $10 you get one of the most filling and scrumptious meals you can imagine!There is NO doubt that I will be back to enjoy this place again!
5	Best fried chicken anywhere. This place has always been a go-to spot for me and my coworkers on lunch break. Their new location makes the experience even better! It's very clean and the staff are extremely friendly. Definitely a hidden gem in the Charlotte area.
5	Four of us had lunch here today after a 3 day visit to Charlotte for New Years! It was the perfect end to our trip!  The service was excellent and all of the food followed suit!!We tried a little bit of everything, the Collards, macaroni and cheese, green beans, cabbage, fried chicken, salt and pepper catfish, the grilled turkey rib's and livers and gizzards. All of the food was superb and was flavored to perfection!!  We will definitely stop again on our next visit Charlotte!!One of my friends does not eat pork and he was very pleased to see that there was many items on the menu he could eat!
4	Delicious pork chops! Collards. Mac 'N Cheese. Sweet Tea. Friendly.
5	Really nice staff. Very clean, comfortable restaurant. The food was really good. I had the pork chops, the fry on it was so perfect, I may go back and get the chicken tomorrow. The greens were good and the mac n'cheese . I was lil suspect of the candied yams, cause the tasted way too much like a sweet potato pie (there is a difference) but I ate 'em. Not being from Charlotte, I didn't know what t expect, but I was pleasantly surprised. I will come back. If I had one criticism, it was hard to cut the pork chops with plastic ware...real silverware for dine in, please...
5	I just love the food here. Always delicious. My favorite is the Salt and Pepper catfish, with collards and mac and cheese, but I am sure you will find your favorite as well.
1	I ate here the same day I tried Nana's Soul Food....I just got a veggie plate from here...I must say the food was just ok....it's very much over priced. If you're looking for some good soul food I would choose Nana' s over this over priced store front restaurant. My veggie plate was $7.88 with just 3 vegetables,  cabbage, mac cheese fried okra. I didn't get anything to drink with this..Now granted the food was hot and the taste was ok...but it was nothing different from other soul food restaurants. Next time I want a veggie plate I'll go to  the Roasting Company can get 4 veggies for 5.59 and its prepared healthier... I don't know how they came up with their outrageous price points for that little bit of food they give.  But this is typical for some AA businesses.
3	Went here a couple of weeks back with my daughters and my mom. Overall the food was just ok. I ordered fried chicken and with okra and so did my daughters. Again, it was ok, nothing to write home about. What stands out the most is the service we received. Our waiter was most attentive, cheerful and probably one of the better waiters I've had recently. Kudos to that guy.Now, my biggest problem with La'Wan's was its pricing. For what it is, it seems excessively priced.
4	Mac and cheese is splendid....  Succulent fried chicken.....  A hit!!!
2	The first time I ever went to La'Wan's I was excited, I assumed I had stumbled upon a good place. On my last visit I placed an order to be picked up on my 45 minute lunch break. I was told 20 minutes...they took longer. I ended up having less than 10 minutes to inhale the food, with them only being 5 minutes away from my job. It was nasty. I ordered a shrimp and fish combo plate (about $17) with 2 sides. My fish was plain, I had 4 cold shrimp, my mac & cheese was swimming in oil and the greens was okay (might have been the cause of the toilet visits the next day). I ended up forcing the mac and cheese down my throat so that I could finish my 12 hours shift. I kept the remaining part of the plate and took it back the next day.I spoke to a gentlemen who was okay with refunding my money until he opened the tray. He asked me where the mac and cheese was? I explained to him I ate it in hunger but it was disgusting. Due to it being missing he then told me that he could only refund half my tray....it was $17 bucks and because I could only eat the mac and cheese you want to deny me a full refund...uhhh okay...the logic being??? Then got the nerve to ask when did I come in...around 8-9 pm his response was "well I was cooking then, I fixed this tray, it wasn't nasty" and you know this how? Did you taste my food? And because you were cooking do you think you can't produce nasty food? Since then I have not been back, completely upset at the audacity of this man. To be honest I've heard a lot of complaints since they have moved across the street. Go back to the hot box and lower your prices, because you got ridiculous and nasty once you crossed the street!!!
3	Food was ok. Read reviews about best fried chicken so wanted to try. Having eaten fried chicken at Nana's and Mama dips, was expecting something along those lines.  Greens and cornbread were ok. Yams were the best thing in the plate.  Staff was very personable.
4	The food is very good. I usually get the fried Flounder with Mac and Cheese and collards.  The Mac and cheese is very very good. My only "complaint" is the take out portions are very very skimpy. If you can dine in then do so. You'll get more for your money.
3	It has been years (perhaps even decades) since I've been to La'Wan's for some of her soul food. In fact, it's been so long, they aren't even in the same place, and the place where they are now didn't even exist then. Well, the place did, but the building didn't. Oh, you know what I mean.So they've moved across the street and into some nicer - and significantly larger - digs. But I don't know that it really helped all that much. I mean it does provide a lot more space, I will give you that, but it doesn't necessarily equate to a better experience.The staff at La'Wan's is top-notch - some of the friendliest that you'll ever meet. The food, while good, and definitely up there, was probably better at the other place, and while that may be seen through rose-colored glasses remembering the hole-in-the-wall that used to be, it's still quite good, and worth a visit.If you stop in for the Sunday buffet, watch out for the church crowd. They might be dressed in their Sunday finest, but they go after that mac and cheese like nobody's business.
2	I'm always on the lookout for your basic meat and 2/3 restaurant so when I saw La'Wan's in a strip shopping center on South Tryon, I thought I'd give it a try. The service was immediate and attentive. They have a buffet and a menu from which to order. I chose the buffet because I wanted some vegetables. Although the food tasted fine, the buffet is very limited in choices: salad, cabbage, fried chicken and a couple of other choices. This would have been OK except that they charged over $9.00 for it. If I go back, I should probably choose from the menu.
3	Service was great. I had salmon patties, yams, collards and cabbage. All were good. The buffet however,  was lacking. The mac and cheese was not a favorite. Just a lot of cheese over pasta. Not the way mama used to make.
4	The food here is down to earth and delicious!  The service was excellent.  Would give it 5 stars if they had booths.
2	Been searching for a good soul joint since moving to CLT. Unfortunately, the search continues. The food, the portions (fish, in particular), for the price...leaves much to be desired.
4	Great food! During the week, lunch time can get a little busy (Sundays too) so call ahead for a to-go order if you're in a rush. Great service when dining in, I always feel right at home. I usually get a fish plate with mac and cheese and yams! Best. Meal. Ever! :)
5	Can beat the place. Food served with heart. Clean place. Go for it. You can't be disappointed. All Good.
5	Look. This is Soul Food. It's not supposed to be fancy or pouring over the side of your plate. It's supposed to be made and served with love. Done. Never mind that everything tastes damn good. Chicken n Waffles, collards. Nuff said
4	I had the best catfish I've had in quite some time. Perfectly fried, very tasty and fresh. In fact, I've never had a bad meal at this location or when they were across the street.  Prices very reasonable as well.
5	Fried chicken is super crispy - the skin is crunchy, not greasy - and I had the brown rice and green beans.  I ate like a king.  The staff is incredibly nice.  They accommodated my usual requests like "gravy on the side", etc.When you walk in, it honestly doesn't look like much, especially in the evenings when the buffet is turned off.  It looks to be an ordinary cafeteria.  But the food is extremely tasty and a great value.  They even cater to my biggest pet peeve - the bathrooms are spotlessly clean as is the rest of the restaurant.  They have a side room that seats 30 people easily for a corporate lunch.  I noticed on the wall there was  a plaque submitted to them by BAM - Blacks @ Microsoft commemorating a donation drive they held there.  How cool is that?  La'Wan's is the real deal from top to bottom.
3	3 of us for Saturday evening dinner. Dine in. Service ran off the tracks. Took over ONE hour to get our food!  Like they forgot about us.  People who arrived after us got served, dined & left before we got served.Came in stages. Had fried pork chops, grilled shrimp & fried shrimp. Brought sides for fried shrimp, but no shrimp or cornbread. Finally shrimp arrived. No cornbread. Had to yell at waiter about it.Sides for grilled shrimp, greens were cold. Waiter brought a lil extra.They said our order of fried shrimp was given to another cuatomer by mistake. But they we're holding rest of our order to try to serve together.Besides chilled supposedly fresh made food, flavor was good.Waiter offered to comp fried shrimp, but cashier did not. Promises, promises....Let us know how ur visit goes...
4	I finally got a chance to try this place after having it bookmarked for a few months. I had the 2 pc dark fried chicken with mac&cheese and cabbage. The chicken was well seasoned, crispy, and juicy. What else could anyone want in fried chicken? The cabbage was good and the mac&cheese could have been creamier but I just really love cheese... so thats biased. Much better than Prices chicken. The service was great and everyone was very friendly. I would definitely come back again. I think my fried chicken search in Charlotte may be over!
3	Candied yams 4.1Fried okra 4.1Curry chicken 4Fried chicken 3.2Beans and rice 3.2Collard greens 3Catfish 3Onion soup 2.9Mac and cheese 2.5 prefer al dente Meatball pasta 2.4 prefer al dente
5	Fried fish, coupled with some fried okra hot cornbread and a splash of hot sauce for good measure equals peaceful nap.... #knockedcoldout
4	Came down for a wedding and had one of the best soul food meals ever. Fried chicken was cooked to perfection. Great season on those collards as well. A must have if you need soul food that sticks to your ribs.
5	The service and food is great!!! Doesn't look like much from outside but packs a big punch with food!! Did I mention the price was great also!! Stop by this Gem when you can. I wish I could take them back to New York with me
3	Great service. Food could be more complex and flavorful. Overall, the experience was nice.
5	Outstanding food and service. A hidden gem! Huge portions. I got two giant fried pork chops with my order!
4	3.5This place was pretty good. I was craving for some southern fried chicken and this place definitely fit that bill. The chicken was delicious and the skin was fried perfectly. The only thing was that the food took awhile to come out.Seems like a lot of people get take out. I wasn't too thrilled that the workers didn't ask me if I wanted a refill on my drink and I had to go up and get it myself. It probably took 30 mins to get the food. Kind of crazy if you think about it since all I got was fried chicken. But based off of the fried chicken and just that I am definitely a fan. This place puts Roscoes to shame. We in Los Angeles are so deprived of good soul food.
5	I had  fish collard greens potato salad and macaroni and cheese. The food was delicious the fish was and fresh the sides were very very good this is my second time here it just keeps getting better I love this place
4	Great food. I don't usually eat yams or sweet potatoes but I devoured theirs! Delish.
5	Sometimes, you just want fried chicken. And you don't want to get it at the fast food joint. When that craving strikes you, give La'Wan's a shot.While the ordering situation was initially confusing... do I seat myself? do I order at the counter? ... it straightened out quickly. Yes, seat yourself. Yes, someone will bring a menu and take your drink order. There's also a buffet table, but I skipped that today.A few minutes later, I had a quarter of white meat chicken set down in front of me. The chicken was really excellent. Lots of meat, not a lot of batter, not too greasy at all. The mac & cheese lived up to the sign out front ("Best in the Queen City") with lots of cheesiness inside and a good topping of toasted cheese. Maybe not as good as *my* mac & cheese, but certainly some of the best that I've had away from my own kitchen. The cole slaw had the right consistency and texture, but I found the pickle relish taste to be overpowering. No worries, to each his own.Service was excellent. My water was refilled as needed, I was checked on as needed and there was a squeezy bottle of Texas Pete on the table for some bite.Really good chicken and great service. Yum!
4	Went in for carryout on Sunday around noon. It was quiet but full of helpful, friendly staff. Ordered fried chicken, chicken gizzards, green beans, mashed potatoes with gravy, collards, and coleslaw. Corn bread or roll offered with each meal. Food was ready in about ten or fifteen minutes, fried chicken wasn't heavy on the flour, making it very edible. Husband approved of the gizzards and wanted to get some more for dinner. Beens and potatoes were good. Collards were sweeter than typical but yum. Coleslaw had a bit more tang than usual mayo-based and was chopped. All in all, delish meal for less than $20. Very glad this place is just down the street from us, will be back for sure.
4	Best fried chicken I've had in the area. Workers were super nice and helpful. Only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 is I thought the sides were just ok.
3	Fried chicken is the bomb.  Place is a little divey but the food is worth it.  The sides were ok but what I expected.  I haven't tried all the local fried chicken joints yet but I will definitely be returning here.I noticed that if you ordered 2-go food you seemed to get in and out but if you dined their it took awhile?  The buffet was pretty slim when we went so we got plates.  Chicken was great.  Cornbread was great.  Def not the mac'n cheese in town as advertised.
