4	Great Coffeehouse not to visible from the main road (it is just south of Acoma behind "Sauce").  I would frequent this place when I worked nearby mostly to get out of the office for a few minutes.  I took much advantage of their frequent customer program (you have a PIN number so you don't have to keep track of any cards).The staff is VERY friendly, after just a few visits they already knew me and my coworkers by name.  My only problem was I would substitute the coffee for any sort of breakfast, so I would become quite jittery by the time lunch came around!
5	For those of you that think that Starbucks serves up a great cup 'o joe, you will be blown away by Jolta Java.  Their coffee isn't burned like Starbucks.  The owners take great pride in choosing well crafted coffee from various coffee plantations.  Teas and iced coffee and espresso beverages round out the coffee menu.Unlike many other coffee places, the owners also are trained culinary chefs and have many delicious sandwiches soups and salads daily.Their food and coffee are truly awesome.Jolta Java is located at the S/W corner of Scottsdale Rd and Acoma
3	Hmmm, I think I need to return once/twice more before I see what these other reviewers have seen.  Coffee houses are difficult though because they are SOOO much alike.  House coffee?  Better than Starbucks (but not as good as mine).  I would, agree, however, that the service at Jolta Java is terrific!
5	I regularly visit the North Scottsdale/Airpark area for business.  I've always stopped at the Starbucks down the street. Never again, Jolta Java is everything a coffee house should be.  Awesome interior design, seriously good coffee (I drink premium coffee all over the country/world, I'm picky) and awesome service.  The breakfast/lunch menus are great (I tried egg bagel sandwich, excellent).I'll never go to another No. Scottsdale coffee spot if I have a choice.
5	This place has great coffee. Also the atmosphere is interesting, artistic, and inviting. My dad and I ride our bikes there and talk/drink/read. It is heaven. It still surprises me to find this independent coffee shop in that part of Scottsdale. Go there!
4	This place was really cool. Went for lunch today with a friend who is a regular there. The place was not busy at all at around 1 which was nice, we got our order in and sat down right away. The cashier was really nice, took our order, was friendly and seems to be really appreciative for regulars. Both my friend and I got the Thanksgiving sub which rocked.... you could pretty much put cranberry sauce on anything and I would eat it, but this I really enjoyed every bite of. It's basically a turkey sub with cranberry sauce and a sage aioli- bomb-diggety!All in all, two sandwiches with sides and two drinks was $17.50ish- about the same as a couple footlongs from subway which is cool. The atmosphere is nice, laid back with good music, the people check in with you, but not so much that it's annoying, so points there too. I am looking forward to stopping in again for coffee!
3	Just tried their Mexican mocha espresso drink.  It was excellent, very strong, but excellent.  I order my drinks with soymilk and I was happy to find that they use unflavored soy, unlike Starbucks which uses vanilla which gives everything a vanilla taste.  The mocha they use almost has a spiciness to it that was really yummy.  I also got an Ironman breakfast sandwich that was essentially a protein load.  It was also very good but a little too big for my belly.  I definitely will go back.
2	I do appreciate a non-chain coffee shop.  But this one isn't great.  Here's why...  They don't have ANY support for using a laptop computer.  Sure, they have Wifi.  But NO power outlets anywhere.  They have this little 'room' off to the side with comfy couches, etc.  But its so damn small that unless you are the only person in there, its crowded.  And its not comfortable.  The owner/manager acts more like a dictator than a friendly business owner.  He's not really interested in developing relationships with anyone, but he sure likey the money.  That's sad.  These coffee shops should be a haven for friendly local business.  But this isn't like that.  Its nice that its different than the average Starbucks.  But as for friendliness and comfort, it ain't cutting it.  Not my ideal choice, unfortunately.
5	First off, this place is topnotch! I would give 6 stars if I could, allow me to explain... There are a few things that separate Jolta Java from the rest. The ambiance and aesthetics of this place are cozy, calming, and welcoming. There is a mini TV room, with bookshelves of books you may check out for up to 2 weeks. Comfortable chairs and tables invite you to grab a cup of joe and nestle in.The menu is extensive. Sandwiches, coffees, smoothies, scones, muffins, etc, etc. I LOVE their smoked salmon BLT. It is wonderful and unrivaled compared to most coffee shop food. The people that work there are chill too. There is an awesome sign draped over the cash register with a woman talking on her cellphone and says "We WILL NOT serve you while you are on your phone." Good for you Jolta Java! Get those annoying people to separate the phone from their ear as a courtesy to the rest of us. Now, here are the little things that I noticed that makes this place stand at the top. The sandwiches are wrapped in heavy duty paper, not that thin, flimsy wrap that other places have. Love the fruit cup side that is offered. They keep your info so that every 10th drink you order is free. Talk about investing in your customers and community. I am a huge fan and will continue to take my business to this fine establishment!
5	Jolta Java is my new favorite coffeehouse. It's close to my school so I can stop in on my way there and get an awesome cup of coffee and the best breakfast sandwich around- bacon, eggs, and cheddar on a croissant. Heavenly. The homemade coffee cake is also incredibly rich and delicious. They are open early and have great staff who are friendly and fast. By my third time in, I was greeted by name.I like the customer number system- no cards to be punched and lost- and every 10th drink is free. On Mondays you can get a free extra shot in your coffee- an awesome perk on the right day. Another thoughtful touch are the stickers they put on the lid opening to prevent spillage and loss of heat. Jolta, I'm so glad I found you- you have another regular, for sure!
5	I love supporting mom and pop type places! This place is right down the street from my work. I stop in maybe only 10 times a year, but every time I do I always ask myself why I dont go back more. Ive only ever gone in the morning for coffee and one of their tasty breakfast sandwiches or fresh bagels! Always amazing! They also have a lunch menu which I have never tried out, I am cheap when it comes to sandwiches and thier prices for that are a touch high, although they do have a program where if you bring in your receipt from your morning coffee you get a discount of some sort. I may have to give it a shot. The service is always fast and friendly! It kind of has that Friends coffee shop type vibe going on.
4	Yummy food, fabulous coffee, great atmosphere and an owner who's really nice and makes sure everyone is doing well... a great place that is an alternative to all the chains in the area.
4	Jolta Java is a place that was suggested to me by an interview I was conducting for my last job, and I'm really glad that they did.  It's got the perfect atmosphere for anything from reading the NY Times, to studying for some sort of post-graduate placement test, to, as I found out, having an in depth conversation with a person who loves Oracle databases.The times I've gone here I've had iced coffee, a couple different kinds of Lattes, and of course their regular coffee.  Everything was excellent.  Really the only reason my patronage suffers here now is because I work in No Pho, live in Tempe, and there's almost no scenario that I would be in the area at any time I would drink coffee.  However, if I ever strike it rich and some how inherit a five star resort in North Scottsdale, this will be my new spot.
5	I love my morning mochas.  Always try to find the best one where-ever I visit.  This hits all the high points.  #1 - being my first day no one else was there, and it still took 5 minutes to get my drink made!!!  That means its made well.  Not the pre-mix Starbucks machines.  If you like mochas, go for the Spiced Mexican Chocolate!!
4	In this age of Starbucks, it's a pleasure to support a local coffee shop. Jolta Java is the epitome of a local place, complete with the friends you'll see coming through as you're enjoying your java or nosh. But it's also so much more.Decaf lavender mint iced tea is a taste explosion in your mouth, and I am always thrilled when it's available. On my latest visit, I learned that, while the original size is in the $2.50 range, a refill is only $.71. What a bargain! I enjoyed three glasses of my favorite tea while eating a hummus wrap. A vegetarian's delight, this wrap has a hint of spice in the hummus, which is a perfect complement to the veggies and cheese also in the sandwich. Like any good deli, the sandwiches are accompanied by your choice of side (I went with the chipotle potato salad) and a pickle spear. What's a great sandwich without a pickle?Friendly, cool, and inviting, Jolta Java beats Starbucks hands down for a great place to grab a cup of Joe or a light snack. All food is made fresh on premises, and they have more flavors of biscotti than I thought were possible. Yum!
4	I pass this spot daily and finally had the opt to stop in and grab myself an iced coffee. There is a sign on the front of the cash register with a woman talking on her cellphone and says "We WILL NOT serve you while you are on your phone." Can we say awesome! Totally drives me nuts when I see ppl in line/at the register on the phone. Aside from their clever signage I noticed they have an extensive menu in which I will definitely have to try their food one day. My appetitie wasn't too big when I stopped in and was only trying to fill the caffeine void. The young lady whom was helping me out, suggest the Mexican Chocolate iced coffee which had about 4 shots of espresso.Guaranteed that's what kicked my butt in gear that morning.Great suggestion!The ambiance of the spot is really cozy. I'm looking forward to stopping in again and trying a pastry or possible lunch bite soon!
4	I do not even like coffee! This family owned place has some charm, appeal.. dare I say it great iced coffee.I thought the service was good, the server was more than willing to help me along with a couple suggestions and the place was clean.Ill be back and maybe that fifth star will creep up there .Kudos to the Jolta Java crew.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet. I work nearby and frequent Jolta Java at least 4 times a week. Mostly for just Iced Tea (which is delicious!). I love supporting locally owned places and the staff at Jolta Java is why. They always remember who you are and what you like. When I eat lunch there they always ask how it is and for any feedback. My only suggestion would be more veggie friendly menu options! Even their caprese salad has buffalo chicken on it?? Their soups however, are FANTASTIC. I wish they served them on more of a regular schedule because I love the Jalapeno creamed corn soup but never know when it is being offered.
5	Best coffee shop in Scottsdale hands down
5	This is my favorite coffee spot in AZ.  They know how to make a fantastic Americano.  They use very good coffee and a real European espresso machine.  I hate those machines that Starbucks uses with the coffee storage on top and the preset grinders.  YUCK.  The cafe has a comfortable and welcoming Vice.  Everyone will say hello to you when you walk in the door.They do have free wifi, but it is REAL SLOW!!  That is my only complaint.  They need to crank it up!
2	so disappointed!  I thought i found my new morning place after all these great reviews.  I drive past it every day. the staff was so friendly, the coffee so fantastic but when i got my croissant sandwich i was in heaven, at first.....i ordered the bacon egg and cheddar breakfast croissant and the first half was amazing!! when i bit into the 2nd half i almost broke a tooth.  the bread was so stale that it must have been a few days old, but only on one half?? I guess it wasn't  wrapped up tight overnight and this was definitely not a fresh croissant form today...  Granted i went on a Sunday morning but their site says fresh breads are brought in daily .I reeeealy wanted this place to work out, the people are the best but I'm not sure if i can try it again.
4	I'm always rooting for coffee shops that aren't Starbucks.  I would rather put my money into keeping quaint shops with a friendly staff in business.  Jolta's Joltacchino's are perfectly done, I love the fact that they aren't frothy or 'watered' down.  I have made relationships with the staff because they remind me of my favorite midwestern baristas.I've also had Jolta's sandwiches and my experiences have all been positive.  It's always a battle between Press and Jolta - my coffee shops away from home.4 stars, bravo!
4	It is a coffee home for those who love to relax with caffeine!b'ful atmosphere- not too loud music, many windows to light up the place, couches, soothing green color that makes it really cozy! Now the most imp. part- great coffee or chai latte, awesome bagel sandwiches and lunch menu- good for anytime of the day!!They treat their customers very well, try and remember their names and strike a friendly conversation- that's the difference and I am a regular at my favorite Jolta Java!
5	In times of big corporations it was nice to find such a warm and friendly coffeehouse in the valley. It is just a great place to hang out, set-up your laptop or read a book. I thoroughly enjoyed my Joltachinno, a much better version of the Starbucks frappacino which is just too sweet. We came back another day for lunch and all I can say is yum! I have never had food like this at a coffeehouse.Amazingly, for our second time there, they recongnized us! WOW!  I am glad that I have found my new hangout when I come to the valley!
5	Still digging on this place. It is now under new ownership but that hasn't changed them in the slightest. I stopped in this morning got a wheat everything bagel toasted with butter, SUPER YUM! And a turtle praline latte of sorts. STEAMED CHOCOLATE MILK PEOPLE!!! If you find yourself in the area give them a whirl. I haven't been dissatisfied yet.
1	I wanted to like this place because everyone else did. The decor and feel of the place is top shelf for a coffee joint. Couches, loungers, hidden nooks and corners, books galore. But that's where the cool factor stops.We were the only ones there on a late Saturday morning with one male employee and 3 female employees.  The male (I'll refer to him as "boss" because that's what he called all the males coming in the shop) was beyond rude socially; no tact at all.  With the several LOUD and obnoxious conversations we heard him having with the girls, we overheard the F bomb being dropped several times with a few belches thrown in the middle. The most talked about topic amongst the four of them had to do with monkey penises. And at one point he went ballistic and started cursing about some political topic. I seriously think they forgot we were there. When I came out from behind the corner to get a business card to email the owner, they moved from behind the counter to behind the door in the kitchen. Of course when I went to the bathroom I could hear them in the kitchen...still talking about monkey penises. There was also some serious PDA happening with "boss" and one of the girls behind the counter. The lack of professionalism in this place knocked what could've been a 4 down to a 1. Fire "boss" and I'll think about bringing my business back.Oh. And my large skinny iced latte had to go back for more flavor and still wasn't anything to brag about.
4	Hey, these croissant sandwiches are pretty tasty!I stopped by here on a business trip as a break from the usual chains of Einstein Bagels and Starbucks. Glad that I did. The regular coffee was better. The service for breakfast was a little slow for food, but it was worth the wait.The croissant sandwich was much larger than I expected. It's like Burger King's croissant sandwiches much bigger brother.
4	I stopped in here needing to kill some time before meeting my family for dinner at Sapporo (across the parking lot). I always saw ads for this place in the Scottsdale Airpark magazine but never knew where it was. Lucky for me, I finally found it! There is dedicated parking in the front of the coffee shop so I parked there. When I walked in, I was fairly stunned as it twice the size of most Starbucks I have been in. I was immediately welcomed by the employees behind the counter. As I made my way to the counter, I kept trying to figure out where I was going to sit. Since there were a number of good spots, I decided to figure it out after I got my coffee. The menu is expansive and includes the usual coffee drinks, pastries, sandwiches, quiche, etc. I settled for a small, vanilla iced coffee and a double chocolate chocolate chip cookie for just over $4. After I got my coffee, I wandered around looking for a spot. I ended up in a back corner that housed a comfy tweed couch with knee height tables and ottoman stools. Across from it were long booths with tables and outlets under all of them. In my corner, there was a bookshelf with used books and checkers. As I was studying, I remember thinking how relaxed I was back there and how the music they played was good and varied. Not the typical Sinatra or hip coffeehouse music they play at Starbucks that annoys the living piss out of me. Although this place was so large, there was very much a comfortable feel about the place and the random corners of comfortable seating (couches, armchairs, etc) helped with that. There is also outdoor seating too. I really enjoyed my experience there and loved my cookie so much, I bought another one on the way out. For the next day, of course, duh!
1	I approach most joints like Jolta Java as if it's going to be a four or five star experience, otherwise, why would I be going.  So, the moment I walked in to Jolta Java, it had the feel of a 4 or 5 star place.  My wife and I order our coffees, mine was hot, hers was iced.  The girl making the drinks didn't really seem to know what she was doing.  She had to ask another employee a couple of questions before making them.  My wife's iced coffee didn't have enough sweetener in it so we had to ask for another squeeze.  THEN, as I'm waiting for my latte, I look across the store and see two employees smooching and hugging behind the counter, as if this coffee shop was their own private little romantic cabana.  So, now it's a three star joint.  I can get over it, but not too excited about it.THEN, the dude, Mr. Schmoocher, is totally obnoxious and loud with the other employees, including Mrs. Schmoocher, calling each customer who comes in "Boss".    If the owner reads these reviews (hopefully Mr. Schmoocher isn't the owner), you need to do something about this guy if you want your shop to thrive.  Huge problems!  And that's how it moved from a 4 or 5 star joint to a 1 star joint.
4	Good drinks.  check.Good selection of drinks including teas and smoothies.  check.Good ambience. check\Good service.  double checkGreat baked goods.  double double check.
5	The best dang coffee in town and is my preference for a jolt of caffeine hands down in scottsdale. The chef is amazing and always goes out of her way to say hi and make sure you are happy with your food. If you want good food and a cup of Joe that is good and not the typical corporate burnt Starbucks bean, then try Jolta Java!!
4	The people here are so nice and the food is so good!
5	I had a living social coupon to use at this coffee shop. I had never been here before and was pleseantly surprised by my experience. I loved the inside decor and the free wi-fi with purchase. I ended up ordering an iced coffee of some sort and a buffalo chicken wrap ( i know a strange combo) Both were really deliciious. I'm excited to go back this place!
4	Best americano I ever had. Buffalo chicken sandwich was pretty good too! Fun place. Compliments to the chef!
3	The BF and I went here last night because I had a Living Social deal AND it was expiring AND I was going to my mom's house (which is nearby) AND cuz it was part of the Coffee Tour of Phoenix FTW! The shop is really cute, but the coffee is just alright. We both got lattes and the espresso was a little acidic and not one of the best flavored espressos that I have had in the valley, but it wasn't 'bad' by any means. It is kind of cool that JJ has smoothies, sandwiches, and other items, but I can't comment on those because I didn't have those items...they looked good though! I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to get coffee here, especially when there is really good, in house roasted coffee down the street (press).
5	Do you drink coffee in the afternoon?  I don't (I know...a sin, a sin).  However, unlike most other coffee shops, they understand that sometimes people just want to come to a place, chill, read the paper or fire up their kindle and NOT have coffee.  So they serve smoothies, soda and flavored water.  I only drink coffee in the morning so this is great!The place is very well designed.  The main area has a good amount of tables, yet there's an oasis away from the main part for those wanting a quieter spot.  It also has plenty o' plug ins.    Overall a great coffee shop, I go out of my way to visit it due to the atmosphere and variety of beverages.
5	Great place with perfect coffee and service!
2	I really want to like this place.  I've been here a few times for lunch in the past year and each time I've left feeling a bit underwhelmed.  The atmosphere is great; you feel like you've stepped back into the nineties and Phoebe and Rachael might just be at the next table.  It's definitely got a comfortable coffee house vibe with a nice mix of tables and lounge space which makes for a great casual lunch or meeting place.  The food however, leaves much to be desired.  The menu is expansive, offering breakfast, sandwiches, soups, salads, pastries and they even have a juice bar in addition to the coffee.  Unfortunately, the sandwiches that I've had have all been mediocre at best.  My turkey veggie the other day consisted of a completely brown slice of avocado hidden between a clump of your typical grocery store processed turkey.  After I peeled the aged avocado off of the bread, it was edible but it was so very typical and blah that it made me wonder why I paid almost $10 for half a sandwich and a bag of chips.  My past trips have yielded similar disappointing results, with most of my lunch remaining untouched on the table.  I wish I could say the coffee was amazing and made up for the lackluster food, but the lattes I've had have made me wonder why I keep coming back.  It's just too bad that a local coffee shop like this can't step up their game a bit and really blow the competition out of the water by being the complete package.  Maybe they need to offer less food options and get rid of the juice bar and focus on improving a few choice menu items to create some renewed interest.  Until they start doing something different, I have to say I don't think I'll be coming back anytime soon.
1	The manager and owner of this establishment needs to be reprimanded for his disregard for basic health and safety practices in his store.  The manager accidentally spilled burning hot coffee on my brother today at the register.  Instead of tending to my brother's burnt leg, he simply wiped up the spill on the counter and offered up a weak apology.   I worked at Starbucks for 6 years and I would never tend to a small counter spill before I offered up a wet cloth or burn cream to a customer who had been burned.  Especially if the spill was my fault. My concern for the employees who work here and customers who frequent this spot (which will no longer be me) is that there was no proper first aid to treat his burn.  When my brother asked for something for his burn the manager dug around for a bit before producing a bottle of NIVEA BOTANICAL HAND CREAM.  At this point, I approached the register and asked what they had in their first aid to treat burns because Nivea hand cream was not acceptable for his burnt leg.  He returned to the first aid kit and offered my brother a tube of antibacterial soap.This should be of great concern to the friendly people who work there and to the loyal customers who visit.  Please consider that all food and beverage establishments should have, at the bare minimum, a BASIC first aid kit that includes burn cream.  This manager should sincerely hope that none of his employees are burned or injured at this establishment because he would have a serious lawsuit on his hands.  Same goes for his customers.
1	May have great food but I'll never know. Ordered delivery and the chef who doesn't speak English couldn't find my apartment complex even when I walked out to the street right next to the 101 far away. He said he was there but couldn't tell me where he was. Talked to him on the phone for ten minutes then hung up on me when I guess he got frustrated and wouldn't answer my calls back. Called to order food for my visiting family and was glad to find this place but that chef is awful. The owner apologized to me profusely and that was a nice gesture but waiting an hour for a guy who hangs up on you and can't find a place looking at the 101 exit is ridiculous. Don't use them for delivery ever, call the Breakfast Joynt. Their owner is awesome and delivers to you himself. Plus, he actually knows the area. Cannot express my frustration with this restaurant's service. Do not use EVER
2	Jolta Java. I've had you on my radar for a few months. I remember stopping by once a few years ago and had a pleasant experience. This time... Not so much.The coffee drink I got was tasty, and I'm very happy that they carry both almond milk AND soy milk for us lactose intolerant folk. This is where my happiness ends.This place needs a SERIOUS deep clean. The floor was covered in crumbs, the tables were littered with debris of various food and paper products. The fake plants were dusty and if you look up to their massive ceiling, all the huge pipes are COVERED in dust. It's an asthmatic nightmare. People would finish their beverage or food and then the table wouldn't be cleaned for a minimum of ten minutes.The staff were completely apathetic to all of this. It wasn't busy, so they stood around behind the counter either looking at their cellphones, chit chatting, or watching the Olympics. Sad customer service. The more I type out, the more I realize that this shop needs more than a cleaning. It needs an attitude and staff adjustment. I doubt I'll return.
5	Very helpful staff.  I had never been here and they translated our Starbucks favorites to their drinks.
3	Since it's down the street from my office, I usually make my way to this cafe in the morning or in the afternoon for a quick bite.  They have a huge variety of drinks and sandwhiches available plus smoothies and bake goods.  The cafe has free wi-fi and usually isn't crowded.  A nice cafe for those looking for a local joint in the area.
2	Stopped in here for a quick bite around 2PM on a weekday. Had the chicken wrap, which when it arrived had obviously been microwaved and possessed no discernible pieces of chicken. A lot of sauce and warm gooey fried muck made up the rest of the interior of the wrap, although the lettuce and tomatoes seemed okay for the couple of bites I took. The coleslaw (side) seemed fresh and was enjoyable since that was all I got to enjoy this day. Save your $8...unless you like a cup of overpriced coleslaw. LOL I will give this place another chance, but they also seem to have a bunch of pretentious, a-hole, 50-something "dudes" as regulars in the afternoon...which seemed odd (and uncomfortable) being the 30-something, pretentious guy that I am.
1	I just had the worst Chi Tea Latte ever.  It was made from a powder.  It didn't taste anything like chi.  It was like drinking milk with a lot of sugar.
5	Always a fantastic atmosphere and great barristas! The Mexican Mochas can't be beat.
2	I went here last week for the first time. I had high hopes because North Scottsdale is devoid of coffee shops with character. The atmosphere was nice but most everything else was mediocre including the coffee.I got a salmon BLT which was $9.00 and had much more tomato on it than anything else. The latte was nothing special and both of the baristas didn't have much personality or weren't on their game the day I was there.The coffee cake was very good, but it's harder to get a good cup of coffee than good baked goods.I am generally a very positive person but I think there were enough strikes against this place to recommend going elsewhere.
5	I understand people being a bit underwhelmed by the food, it is a coffee shop afterall; cut 'em some slack.  However, there is no better frozen blended coffee out there.  Jolta puts Starbucks to shame!  If this was closer I would be there every day for this yumminess!
4	Huge sandwiches and great coffee. My favorite is the Mexican Mocha.
5	Nice atmosphere for hanging out, chatting with a friend, or reading a book.  Also, I consider myself a pretty picky iced coffee drinker and I must say they make an amazing iced coffee.
4	Mexican spiced mocha is REALLY good!!!
5	quick service and great, fresh-tasting coffee all in a clean environment.  their milk and sugar area includes vanilla and chocolate powders, so all-in-all, you're not gonna get a better coffee shop experience with your clothes on.
4	Good coffee, breakfast sandwiches and tea selection...  Much needed in North Scottsdale.
4	It's a really cool looking place with atmosphere that can compete with larger chains. The food and baked goods are pretty good (although I've only had one sandwich and a scone, both of which we good, albeit a tad expensive). The coffee tastes better than Starbucks for sure, but twice now I've been served a Luke warm cup in the late morning. I know it's not 8am, but it IS a coffee shop. Turns out it's no prob. They'll make a fresh batch if it's not piping hot.
5	Almond milk - FINALLY, a cafe that knows that they are doing! Always the best, friendliest service :) THE BEST chai in all the land. Great smoothies too.
4	Very first time here, and I like it. Just wanted to stop in for a little pick me up!Nice place, family owned, and I have to love and support that. Free wifi which is very nice. The place smells great when you walk in like fresh coffee.I got a Buffalo Chicken Wrap, T got Calm Chowder soup, Her favorite.Both were good, Coffee was great!Nice folks working here. A bit high priced, but so is Starbucks.The coolest thing about this place is they do a special every day. Monday a free shot, one of the days kids get a free smoothie. Something different every day.T was really happy that they had Almond Milk. I like real cream, So I too was happy.
4	Just a friendly local coffee joint very near to the main business area of Kierland.  No one bothers you and could be a nice location for a clandestine meeting.
4	First time here. I live out in Gilbert so I don't really know many coffee spots in this area. Used yelp to find this place. Ordering was very quick and easy. I hate when you go to some places and you can't even find their menu. Menus were all over the place here.I followed others advice and ordered the iced Mexican mocha. Man was it delish! Very flavorful with a hint of spice without being overly rich. Awesome drink and would definitely get again. I also got the breakfast burrito that comes with egg, Jack cheese, sausage and some salsa on the side. I added bacon to it also. The burrito was very good. I've definitely had better but I've also had MUCH worse. The bacon I added was crispy which is a big surprise. Usually in places like this it's soft and gummy. Overall, it was above my expectationsIf I'm in the area, I would absolutely come here again.
2	Had a very disappointing breakfast. The french toast actually comes with toast. Really? The French toast and bacon came out cold. This is more of a coffee place is a breakfast place.
5	Dare I write this . . . this place is better than Starbucks, this place is a hidden gem!  I walked into this place  not expecting much and was pleasantly surprised.  Each time I've been here the staff has been warm and friendly. I've ordered from their breakfast menu, lunch menu and of course the coffees and everything has been delicious. I love how they have a private room where you can set up to write or read all day at your leisure. It's a very comfortable space, decorated to make you feel welcome. After coming here once I was so pleased that every chance I get, I stop by. They also have live music on the weekends. A great place to meet for just coffee or if you're hungry also for lunch and dinner!  In case you're wondering what's good, all items in the menu are delish!
5	This morning I came in here for coffee and breakfast and I was estatic to see this place PACKED!  The furnishings here are comfortable so the patrons were drinking coffee, having breakfast and socializing away. There were also people with laptops working (free wifi) and a group meeting taking place in the cozy, sun lit room available for free!  Coming in from the cold, the warmth of the cafe was a welcoming change and the delicious smell of good coffee immediately put me in a good mood. As I don't really like breakfast food, I love coming here cause they will let you order off of the lunch menu even at 8am in the morning!So I ordered my favorite which is the smoked salmon salad. This is the kind of neighborhood coffee joint that I love and missed- I don't know the reason why I came in here the first time since the exterior is deceiving vanilla in a non descript strip mall like much of Phoenix. Whatever the reason, I'm glad I did cause I simply love this place!
4	Came for the coffee, decided to have breakfast. Eggs and French toast both surprisingly flavorful, bacon just right, not too soft, not too crispy. And yeah, the Cowboy dark roast was great.
5	2 reviews in 2 days for my favorite coffee joint!  This morning (like many other mornings lol) I rushed out of the house without eating but secretly I was already looking forward to coming here since I had an hour b4 my next appointment. So here I am enjoying the pleasant, comfy atmosphere listening to Christmas music. There's a networking meeting in the private room you can reserve to us for free. People eating bfast, relaxing and browsing on their phone or tablet. I had been eyeing their lunch special of corn beef and Swiss sandwich with a side for awhile so that's what I ordered. The sandwich comes in a French roll toasted- just perfect for my hungry stomach this morning!Of course I need to mention the friendly staff here. Everyone always so friendly and helpful. And patient too cause some mornings when I've been here my brain is still sleeping and they've always bantered with me while my brain woke up. Love this hidden gem!
4	This is a cute little shop not too far from my office, and I stopped in to grab a drink on my way in one morning. I was in the mood for an iced, non-caffeinated drink and they have a lot of choices. I ended up getting an iced chai and a bagel, and I grabbed a vanilla latte for a coworker. The drinks came out pretty quickly, but the bagel took a really long time to come out, I have a feeling it was forgotten about as I stood waiting with both drinks for a little bit. Either way, everything was good and their menu looked tempting enough to try them for a late breakfast or lunch.
2	I hadn't been here in a couple years and had some time off, so wanted to visit my favorite local coffee place....wow what a difference a couple years makes.First I got in and there were several people working behind the counter.  Instead of helping, they just kind of looked at me for a couple minutes like I was bothering them.  But the worst was the service.I couldn't connect to their WiFi which is one of the reasons I came.  After asking someone behind the counter if she could help, she just said "well we haven't had any problems".  What about the problem I was having?I just took my drink and left.  Obviously I wasn't the only one.  There was another guy in the parking lot with his laptop out next to me leaving.  I asked him if he had any issues connecting and he also was having the same issue.  It would have been an easy fix, but they just really don't care.Btw, it's definitely not my computer having issues, I"m typing this from one of your nearby competitors now.  ;)Service has really gotten poor here and I won't be back, too bad.
2	the service was awful. Those girls working behind the counter were anything but accommodating and helpful. I asked if I could get no ice in my smoothie and they said no it's an ice-based smoothie and if they don't put ice it's going to be like just juice.  And it's going to be cold anyway even with no ice.    1. It doesn't take you to be a rocket scientist to realize that ice temperature is at 32 F which is significantly lower than any other liquid in the fridge. 2. Ice makes smoothie having smoothie texture? Are you kidding ? Ice IS WATER. And yes i would  have been fine with ice but its the attitude that's unbearable. They not only did try to accommodate, but also act like i'm crazy for asking. The only thing worse than a cooperate joint is know-it-all rude hipsters.  I much prefer Starbucks to an attitude like this. Yuck. The atmosphere was nice, but the customer service ruins everything.
5	Finally found a place that uses real turkey and it was in a coffee shop?? Yes, this was one good healthy sandwich and side for about 8 bucks. Mine was fairly basic with whole grain bread, sprouts and avocado and cucumber slices involved. Out of the four sides, I went with the homemade cole slaw and that was also excellent. They have about 20 sandwiches and wraps, but the key to any good sandwich for me and anybody really should be the quality of the meat and Jolta says they roast the turkey in-house and I rend to believe them after eating this large and tasty sandwich.
3	Quick review.  Went into Jolta Java to grab an iced coffee and specifically ordered decaf.  They re-itereated that it WAS decaf (I'm a nursing mother and it was late in the day... two reasons to avoid a lot of caffeine).  But i was up all night and REALLY awake - so unfortunately they had given me the caffeine.  The coffee was delicious - really...  but I was pretty upset about being up all night.So - I would normally have returned since the coffee tasted good.  But they lost my business for being dishonest about what they served me...  (wish they had said they were out of decaf so I could have ordered a decaf tea or something else).
2	I came on a weekday afternoon, and there was only 1 other table taken. Unfortunately, I was ignored for a good few minutes trying to order and I guess the workers there were "busy" counting down the time until their shift was over. This sounds exactly like the experience Mike had (review: 2/6/14), so at least it's not just me. I asked about their punch card, and the staff sounded very annoyed that I was taking up so much of their time. They have a huge amount of outdoor patio space along with couches inside, and thanks to the useful wifi tip (pw is their phone number!), I got a lot of work done here. Their Mexico Mocha wasn't anything to write home about, and newspapers were on the ground everywhere while the workers only came out to clean up ONCE...right before closing...doing who knows what because they were certainly not that busy.
3	I just moved to the area and was excited to have a local coffee shop within walking distance. Finally today I was able to come in, at first I was impressed by the size of the shop and the large food menu. I was also very happy to see a few vegetarian options, and thought to myself this will be my go to place for coffee and lunch on the weekends. But the girl at the register was awful to deal with. She was talking to her coworker the entire time I asked her for input on the sandwich options. I heard a whole conversation about her ex-husband and apartment within the 3 minutes I stood at the register. Next they didn't have white bread that wasn't frozen, and forgot my drink order after waiting 10 minutes for the sandwich. I really had higher hopes for this place.
1	Went today at 10 AM.  I wish it was easier to type on a smartphone because I'd like to truly illustrate how bad this experience was.  We walked to the counter and were greeted by an "oh shit" and asked to wait a minute. We ordered their "brunch" which allegedly consisted of 2 eggs, choice of meat, hash browns and toast.  The toast would have been good if it was warm.  She had egg whites and ham which was an extra dollar.  Okay.  Not weird. I had over easy eggs and coffee.  We paid 26 dollars.  30 minutes later a woman came up to us and asked what our order was because they had five people order breakfast this morning and they forgot.  10 minutes later we received microwaved egg whites (I watched the microwave work), some weirdly shredded and microwaved potatoes, 4 slices of microwaved Oscar Meyer ham and cold toast and 2 microwaved over hard eggs, microwaved jimmy dean sausage and cold toast.  I get making a mistake.  And owning up to it. But I don't think either happened here.  I don't think they made a mistake because this place is so poorly run they think they did a great job with that $25+ breakfast. And nobody apologized for screwing it up and taking so long to figure how to work a microwave. I'll never come back here and I hope nobody else does either. The most poorly run enterprise I've ever walked into has to be Jolta Java.  GFY.  Have a nice day.
1	awful, owner is not nice, refuses to help, service and coffee drinks are awful.
3	Been here couple times. Don't know what the excitement is all about. The coffee is OK & yes, overpriced! Their quiches are not bad, if only they heated it well enough... The fruit smoothies are OK. Its a mom n pop place, so I'd go just for that reason. The owners are nice. I suggest they get more hands to help during busy times. I felt they could not cope with the lunch crowd.
2	The two stars are because the turtle praline coffee is amazing! The lack of stars is the service. I have now given this place 4 tries now and the lady behind the counter needs a serious attitude check. Never have I gotten a smile or a thank you. Today I asked what kind of muffins were in the basket and she gave me the dirtiest look that even customers behind me were taken off guard. I was really hoping that the service was just a one time thing but after 4 times of the same lady I will just go to Starbucks where I at least get my coffee with a smile and no attitude. I work in the new salon that just opened and intend on letting all of the current tenants and future tenants of the horrible attitude behind the counter.  Fyi- there are 51 suites in my building - Starbucks is across the street.
3	They have Toddy's thats a HUGE plus for me, its not Starbucks ANOTHER +1.  The shop is wide open, plenty of seating, new times readily available, good selection of food.  Good stuff.. qualms... they keep asking if I have a customer number every time I say no, this is about 5 times.  I feel like its some type of reward program but they never ask me if I want to sign up which is weird and makes me feel kinda sad (should i not qualify for such repeat customer discounts?).  Also I look like a jerk when I walk into work with the extra large iced toddy cup, see picture.  On top of that with Press just down the road at Scottsdale Quarter, I find it hard to recommend Jolta Java ALTHOUGH its much better than Starbucks.
5	Excellent food.  Excellent drinks.  Large variety from the healthy to the delicious.  Very accommodating staff as well.  Overall a much better experience than just a coffee shop.
4	One of my favorite coffee shops in the area. Too bad they are now closed :(RIP Jolta Java you're going to be missed. :(
5	Well... this WAS one of my favorite little coffee shops in the Scottsdale area.  Unfortunately, I rolled up today all excited for my Javarito, and it is no more.  Repo notice on the door.  =(  BUmmer of a way to start the morning!
