4	I essentially lucked into reserving a table at this new upscale Italian steakhouse located in The D by default, because I needed to dine early in downtown Las Vegas just before a play at the Smith Center, and The Flame at the El Cortez is closed on Tuesday nights.  It was a fortuitous happenstance.  The food was exceptionally good, the ambiance classy steakhouse style, and the service good except for a few miscues and a long 25-minute wait between salad and delivery of my party of four's entrees.  We made the play ("Anything Goes") on time--but only barely, and unfortunately had no time to sample any desserts.A complimentary breadbasket included some tasty breadsticks and pretzel bread, but it took 3 requests to receive some butter to go with them.  They went nicely with an amuse bouche of marinated vegetables.  Shrimp Cocktails are sold here by the individual piece.  At $4.00 apiece per large sweet shrimp resting on a small bed of spicy Cocktail Sauce, this is a good deal.       Next up for me was a hearty and slightly spicy Pasta Fagioli, while Diane savored a superb Lobster Bisque that incorporated generous heapings of Creme Fraiche.  An excellent Caesar Salad was elaborately prepared tableside by our friendly server, with each leaf of Romaine Lettuce lovingly bathed in a handmade Caesar Dressing before hard but crunchy fresh croutons, large fresh Reggiano shavings, and small anchovies were added.  For those ordering non-pasta entrees, a side of Angel Hair Pasta with sweet Pomodoro Sauce was a nice and very tasty surprise.  Another ordered side yielded medium-sized dense and memorable homemade meatballs, while an order of Tuscan Roasted Potatoes proved to be a very wise and delectable decision.Just as Diane's request for a shrimp untouched by Cocktail Sauce was not originally honored, Veal all' Aldo ordered by her without onions arrived with dry onion-like leeks covering the tender veal medallions.  She did like the dish once she removed the unwanted garnish.  Another of my dining companions was never asked what sauce he preferred with his Filet Mignon, so received none, even though the menu said that all steak orders come with one choice of sauce.  On the other hand, my entree of Pappardelle with Veal, reported to be a combination of veal stew, ragu, battuto, tomatoes, Porcini Mushrooms, white wine, and handmade Pappardelle noodles with Asiago Cheese, was delivered without problem.  Ample al dente pasta and morsels of well-cooked veal were simply delicious.While significant service flaws definitely occurred on my first foray to this new downtown restaurant with Detroit roots, waitstaff clad in formal black and white attire clearly aimed to please, and acted professionally in handing black cloth napkins to female guests and shielding diners from errant drops when filling water glasses by holding up a cloth as a barrier when they poured, and Iced Tea refills were supplied without request.  With more practice, I believe it is likely that in time service will soon improve to match the already superior food.  Although rather pricey at in this instance a cost of $140 per couple, including tax and tip, Andiamo is a nice addition to the downtown dining scene, and a fine new asset for The D.  I, for one, plan to return soon when I can enjoy a leisurely meal without any pressing time pressure.
5	I was very excited about the opening of Andiamo. As a downtown resident, I love when new businesses open up here, but I thought this could be a game changer....and I was right.We have (now) 3 high end steakhouses down here...VVIc & Anthony's, Oscars, and Andiamo.I've always found Oscar's kind of gimmicky, while I love  V&A's. But this place is one or two notches above.It has a hip vibe (2013 hip, not 1940s hip). We were greeted nicely and seated immediately in a booth that may as well have been a private room, what with the 7 foot high banquette forming 335 degrees of a circle.Service was quick and spectacular....observant but not obsequious. Caesar was made table side, and the fresh anchovies gave just the right of bite. The steaks are spectacular..I'm not sure how they age them, and who their purveyor is, but they rank very, very high in flavor and tenderness.As my wife isn't a wine drinker, I didn't pay much attention to the by-the-bottle list, but the by-the-glass selections were all fantastic. My only complaint is that they had no Zins by the glass, so I settled for a beautiul Cab.The deserts goiing by on the cart (repeatedly) looked gorgeous, so we had to splurge. We had a creme brulee (let's face it a well done brulee is a well done brulee...there's only so far you can go) a dessert called "Kit Kat" which is a homemade, delicious version of the execrable candies, and the most amazing chocolate cake with ganache frosting No dish failed to live up to expectation...and no dish faled to surpass expectation.THe food, ambiance and service were all top-notch,I for one welcome the newcomer to the block.
5	Great service and food! Wine list is very reasonable. Desserts to die for!
5	I'm a recent convert to going out downtown, and I'm hooked.  It is important to me to have access to fine dining when I go out since I'm old and that's what old people do.  When we walked into the restaurant, we were immediately impressed.  It's beautiful.  We were seated in a booth, which I usually don't like, but these booths are great.  They're circular with high backs, providing a lot of privacy and making conversation easy.We were greated very quickly after being seated, and the delicious cocktails we ordered were served within minutes of our arrival.  This is a pet peeve of mine, so that got things off to a good start.One of my guests ordered a steak, and the other ordered a bowl of lobster bisque and ceasar salad, and they were both very pleased.  I ordered the fish, which was fileted table side.  I was pleased, too, but I think it would be better if they moved on from butter and used olive oil.  It was a wonderful piece of fish, but butter sauce is too old school, even for a steakhouse.  Perhaps I should have requested the olive oil, but I didn't.Tony served us, and did a great job.  He was attentive without being a pest.  He brought out a couple of small "compliments of the chef" dishes that were great, too.We throughly enjoyed our evening at Andiamo's, and we will go back.  I hope you'll go, too, and support what's going on downtown!  It is on par with fine dining on the Strip.
5	I have been eating on and off the strip in Vegas for 10+ years and literally, this is the best steak I have eaten since being here.  It is tucked away in The D Hotel and Casino, but once you find your way into the steakhouse, it has a beautiful decor with a midwestern chophouse feel.  We ordered the carpaccio and it was a delicious start to the meal.  We ordered a NY Strip, Gnocci, and their signature Tomahawk 32 ounce steak.  Everything was cooked to perfection and was packed with delicious flavors and sauces for dipping the steaks.I am a grappa connoisseur and the bar did not stock the traditional italian after dinner drink, but after speaking with the manager he informed me that there would be at least one bottle in stock next week.  They have a top notch staff and I will be returning with any friends or family that visits Las Vegas.  This is an absolute must try if you are in Vegas and want an unforgettable experience.
4	I had always been partial to Vic & Anthony's Steakhouse inside the Golden Nugget. I love it there so much I swore I'd never find a replacement - downtown or anywhere. Well, watch out Vic's. Adiamo's is giving you a serious run for your money. This Italian steakhouse is located on the second level of the D Hotel & Casino. Just go up the escalators and hang a right. Walk down the dim hallway and enjoy a warm greeting from the friendly and professional hostess. I was dining alone this evening, and heard the restaurant has a bar that also serves dinner there (Hugo's and Binions downtown will not serve food at their bars. It's solo-diner discrimination, I tell ya. Loners unite!). It was about 9:30 pm on a Sunday evening and, having just flown in from Denver, I was quite hungry. Most of the restaurant was empty at this point. The bar, which consists of six seats, was completely empty. So I had my choice of seats. Yeah!An extremely kind and professional server named Shannon welcomed me and handed over a menu. She was a nice "upscale" kind of server who still maintained a down-to-earth demeanor. Oh speaking of the meal. It was outstanding! I ordered the filet mignon (medium) and a side of roasted potatoes. All were great. But be forewarned: the roasted potatoes are enough to feed a family. Maybe even an army. But they're very good and well-seasoned, so don't hesitate. Shannon also brought over a basket of bread with a side of spread. This spread contained olives and eggplant - two of my favorite foods. So yeah, I liked that too. And it's complimentary, so what's not to like? The atmosphere here is very decorative with a modern flair. It's dim, but not too dim. And the bar area is a more peaceful place at which to dine than, say Vic & Anthony's. This is due to its design. It's only open at one end, whereas Vic & Anthony's is open at both. As I sat there, I noticed that having only one open end cuts down on both noise and traffic, making for a more tranquil dining experience. Less clinking of utensils and dishware. So my hats off to Andiamo's. It's slid into first place as my overall favorite downtown restaurant, and it beats the other steakhouses, too. That was a high bar to reach. Congrats to the D! This will become a big draw I'm sure. Update 2014: Shannon no longer works there so you'll have to hunt for an equal professional. May check it out again on my next trip.
5	Dined here last night with a friend and received stellar, one-of--a-kind service from another good friend and master sommelier, Darren Lutz, who makes any dining experience unparalleled! Knowing Mr. Lutz' expertise in all things culinary and oenological, I left it up to him to make the food and wine choices for us. Starting with a gorgeous Nebbiolo coupled with a nice olive and onion tapenade and crostini, then on to a beautiful Caesar salad prepared tableside; then, finishing with a very nice Amarone along with the Pappardelle - made of a hearty veal stew, battuto, tomatoes, Porcini mushrooms, white wine, handmade pasta, and Asiago cheese - this was an outstanding gastronomic event. Add to all that sophisticated, cosmopolitan ambiance, attentive, friendly staff (all), and very reasonable prices, Andiamo is a sensuous feast that shouldn't be missed if you want to do Vegas in style!
5	We were fortunate enough to dine at this relatively new spot the other evening.  It was fantastic!!!  The decor is lovely, sedate and very sexy.  The wait staff was wonderful...helpful and you could tell they really cared if you were having a good time.For starters we ordered the calamari and crab cakes.  Both were excellent.  They offer a free appetizer of ratatoulli (sp) and it was stupendous.  I really could have just made a meal of that with some of their delicious garlic bread...thin and crunchy.I had the best filet mignon I have ever had.  If you get a chance to choose a steak sauce, choose their signature "Zip" sauce...it's so good you'd want to drink it!  My dining companions have fabulous scallops, lobster risotto and one diner opted for tortallini.  Everyone was thrilled with their entrees. To end the meal we splurged on a decadent chocolate cake and cheese cake that were both excellent.   Given the opportunity I would definitely go back and I will recommend this to anyone looking for a great italian steak house!!
1	WAY overrated, I have to wonder if some of the reviews were written by the owners relatives... The table side Caesar.. great idea.. if they would cut it up for you.. nothing like getting a platter of full length romaine, and having only a butter knife.The Veal specialty of the house, came out over cooked and with a 'skin' on the sauce.. the waiter rolled his eyes at me... said he didn't see it.... There was some sort of VIP there, so my friend and I didn't matter.  Even though we had reservations we were given a table and not a booth... really... Plus.. the noise of the casino is so overwhelming.. to get to the restaurant you need ear plugs.Back to Vic & Anthony's for me.
5	Almost don't want the secret to get out, but it's inevitable! This place is a "must do" for Vegas. Forget buffets downtown, it's all about steak houses! Beautiful ambiance, transports you to another realm. Lovely service and the food, of course, is delicious. I won't give you too much detail, the pleasures of Andiamo should be discovered as you dine, but rest assured you will enjoy this culinary sanctuary.
5	Andiamo is a great addition to the Fremont St scene and much needed,an upscale dining experience.My wife wanted to have a sit down dinner what pleasant surprise it was so quite no bells ringing or flashing lights very well soundproofed.We had a booth,the waiter in a white jacket was very knowledgeable and friendly.My wife started with the roasted beet salad they used 2 different colors of beets with a balsamic vinegrette,very good.Her main course was the swordfish steak it must have been2 inches thick and cooked to perfection.The waiter says the fish is flown in daily.Our guest had a steak,which is flown in from Chicago.He asked for it blue and again cooked to perfection.After dinner the desert cart is wheeled to the table to offer you your choice.We asked if they had black sambuca,which they did not have.Our guest spoke with the floor manager and my money's on that the next time we dine there we will be able to finish our dinner with a black sambuca.I almost forgot to mention the expresso, top notch expresso.We will dine again at Joe Vicari's.
5	Excellent steaks. I got the ribeye and table side Caesar salad. That and a bottle of Malbec, and this place gets five stars. Can't wait to go back!
3	I may have been a victim of lofty expectations, but I left my experience at Andiamo feeling underwhelmed at best.  Service was attentive, bordering on compulsive.  Bread was okay, vastly improved by the tapenade they serve with it.  I went with the bone-in ribeye, which was cooked to my medium-rare order, and it looked quite appetizing on the plate.  And...nothing.  I was hoping for the feeling I have gotten at so many other steakhouses where the beef just melts in your mouth, contentment fills your body and a lazy smile spreads across your face.  It just wasn't there.  The pressure shifted to the italian sausage and meatball sides that I had ordered, hoping they put the Italian in Italian Steakhouse.  Mediocrity prevailed there as well.  Same with the "free" pasta side.  Overall, it's a nice atmosphere and the service is great, but I just don't think the food had what it takes to compete with other steakhouses in town.
4	Terrific steakhouse ambiance.  I had the bone in ribeye and it was very good but larger and thinner (rather than smaller and thicker which I prefer).  I had their house sauce on it which was nice.  Wife had the lobster risotto and it was GREAT.  The table prepared ceasar salad was good as well.  Didn't care for the Tuscan potatoes.  Our server was Todd and he was very personable and professional.  Comped our Tiramisu for our anniversary...very nice!I's a bit expensive but worth it.
5	Steakhouses are pretty common in Las Vegas, but service and Staff will set them all apart. Joe V's does what it has always done and doesn't try to come off as some new wave steakhouse, it's just the old fashioned real deal kind of place a lot of steakhouse on the Strip should be.
5	I'm very late writing this review.  I ate dinner here 4 nights over March Madness for 2013 and I was in town for a total of 7 nights.  It was so good and the service so fantastic that I kept going back.First, this is an amazing restaurant for Las Vegas, Strip or Downtown. I am very glad it is downtown at The D since I usually stay there during March Madness.  Oysters were fantastic.  I did have one that I thought was off (and I eat oysters by the dozen weekly, usually if possible very many dozen) and no questions asked, everything replaced.  Perhaps someone might have caught it, but I don't blame anyone for this.One great note, I ordered the Lobster Risotto from the bar on a Tuesday.  It arrived and was fabulous...but missing the truffles.  I immediately noticed and let the bartender know.  She went to the kitchen, the chef walked out, looked at the dish, apologized and took it away.  It returned with the perfect amount of truffles and added lobster.  Fantastic.  No discussion, just an apology and the dish made right, probably far better than on the list.I think this place is amazing.  I was there at the beginning when they'd only been open for I think less than a month. But top to bottom after 4 dinners, this place is five stars with no questions asked.  Sure, I had some hiccups in a couple of items, but there is no way that it detracts from the experience because they did EVERYTHING right.Bartender was very knowledgable about the wines and I like that.Great place.  I'm going back as soon as I can.  I would travel across country to eat here.
3	First off, I love the zip sauce, and it's nice to have around since a lot of places just have the usual like bernaise or hollandaise.The bread and tapenade was delicious, a good start.  We went with the portabello mushroom appetizer which came with the zip sauce.  Pretty solid, I'd order it again.I went with the bone-in-ribeye for my entree.  I will say I was disappointed in the steak by itself.  The meat stand alone felt under seasoned if it was even seasoned at all.  The side of zip sauce saved it, but sometimes it's nice to taste a ribeye by itself and get a sense of all the flavor from the marbling.  The side of cream spinach was average, I'd probably try a different side next time.We were in a hurry so didn't order dessert but I hear the carrot cake is phenomenal so I'll put that on the list for next time. I did like the atmosphere and decor inside and the service was solid.
4	Calamari. Salad. Pasta. Service. All was excellent. My parents both just recently returned from Italy and found the food to be just as good if not better than the food they had on their trip. Ate pasta instead of the steaks. While the pasta was good, left feeling we really should of gone for the meat. Pasta was more on the creamy side personally, but I am sure that is just more so the way the pasta is.Definitely recommend this place. Great dining in Downtown Vegas.
4	It was back to Andiamo--this time without having to rush to get to a play.  We were seated in a plush booth with an upholstered ceiling overhead.  True to a manager's written word to make up for slow service last time with a free appetizer the next, besides a vege-oriented amuse bouche my party of four was served TWO complimentary appetizers on this occasion: good and fiery Sausage & Peppers with yummy Fried Potatoes, and very tasty and firm Shrimps standing imperiously in Cocktail Sauce--in each case ample food for four.  Next I enjoyed a bowl of hearty and rustic Pasta Fagioli, while Diane returned to another round of velvety and memorable Lobster Bisque.  Then a very good Caesar Salad was prepared tableside by our waiter, Carl, who tossed and lightly dressed Romaine leaves in a large wooden bowl after donning blue gloves.  Rabbit Ragu was good; roasted Tuscan Potatoes excellent; and Veal all' Aldo, consisting of a veal tenderloin, imported prosciutto, Fontina Cheese, and tomato fillet bathed in a Herbed Wine Sauce, featured very good, nicely pounded veal.  But it was not quite fork tender and was somewhat dry.  We finished by sharing a large slice of excellent Gianduija, moist Chocolate Cake with Chocolate Mousse and Chocolate Ganache.  The only miscue of the evening was our server having to return to our table to announce that because he missed the pre-dinner briefing, he had been unaware that mussels were not being offered this night as a special selection after all.  And, I am a mussels man!  But this small disappointment was soon forgotten amidst the series of wonderful dishes I was able to sample.4-1/2 stars and rising on this particular outing!  I was honored and lucky enough to be the first Yelper to formally review this fine new addition to Las Vegas's downtown dining scene.  Although the cuisine and ambiance are upscale and thus expensive, I expect to become a fairly regular diner here.  The total experience is reasonably priced and well worth the cash outlay required.
5	This was a fantastic surprise. This place would fit in at any Strip hotel - where the reasonable prices could be jacked up 25% without anyone blinking an eye.The atmosphere is romantic enough for a date but bright and hip enough for a group of friends.The food was superb - beet salad, wedge salad, pasta, steak, as good as you can get in Vegas and the prices again, reasonable compared dollar/quality to any casino hotel high end eatery.The service was over-the-top pleasant, helpful and genuine. The only negative was that without a reservation they could not give us a booth. When that is the only bad thing I can write you know this place is amazing.
5	My wife and I were staying on the strip and went down to Fremont street for the evening to see the light display and have dinner. We walked one side of the street and figured we would eat before the light display. As luck would have it we were right outside Andiamo. At that stage we had no idea how lucky we were about to be. We walked in and were asked if we had a reservation when we said no they said not a problem would we like a table or a booth. This restaurant has the feel of old world Vegas, a real throw back. We opted for a booth. Within seconds John who was our server came and greeted us, he took a drink order and came back with our drink and bread.  Lobster bisque was out of this world good, Steaks were out standing and the desserts were awesome just had troubling picking 1 to try. We will be back here the next time we are in Vegas, its worth the trip just for dinner even if you have no interest in Fremont street itself.
5	There were many fine Yelp reviews for Andiamo, yet they STILL managed to exceeded my high expectations.The Food:Steaks are great here.  I don't eat meat, but I still appreciate the effort they go to serve a wonderful cut.  Wet and dry aging for 6 weeks, cut at the restaurant (not before delivery), and other quality controls, were savored by our guests.  Our waiter explained that "Medium" was seared outside, with a band of pink, not raw, in the middle.  The Fillet was exactly as described.  Delicious.Seafood:  Daily flown in from around the world.  None is more than one day old.  They have an impressive variety of choices.  (This is a STEAKHOUSE!?)The Cioppino was filled with squid, octopus, mussels, clams, tuna, and 1/2 a lobster tail.  The broth was a reduction sauce that was almost painfully rich in flavor.Our table also enjoyed the scallops and the Chilean Sea Bass.  The latter was on a bed of tiny mushrooms with long stems and small heads.  We asked the waiter what type of mushroom is this?  "Wild mushrooms."  Where are they from?  "Farmed here in Las Vegas."  If they are farmed, they can't be wild.  "Everything in Las Vegas is wild."We were served a complementary small plate of pasta with a cheese blended tomato sauce; fabulous!  No doubt, Andiamo does a great pasta.And the tapenade with grilled Baguette slices was chunky goodness.Cocktails are generous, coffee was rich, as were the deserts.The Ambiance:Valet was available, and prompt.  The D's casino is populated with many T-shirt wearing customers; just ignore them.  We sat in a private feeling, circular high backed sofa, with a domed fabric canopy.  Very intimate.The Service:This is where Andiamo shines!  Miguel, our waiter, was "old school."  He was knowledgeable about the entire menu, attentive to our needs, followed up with us throughout the meal at just the right times, and he accommodated our special requests perfectly.  As other Yelpers noted, service is exemplary!We even had the opportunity to meet the corporate executive chef; Jim, from Detroit.  He was working on the night of his 6th wedding anniversary, while his wife was credit carding.  Anyway, Jim told the history of the company.  They have 23 restaurants in Detroit, with Andiamo being their first in Vegas.  The restaurant owner, Joe Vicari, and the D's owners go way back.  Dining at Andiamo, you can feel how important it is for the restaurant to be spectacular, to help make the D a success.  But I also can tell they want to wow us customers.  The service at Andiamo is like at Commander's Palace in New Orleans, just without the white gloves.Special events:Jim gave us a preview of an upcoming 7 course meal/wine pairing; date to be announced.  I mentioned that my wife and I do not eat meat or poultry, just vegetarian or fish.  Jim said no problem, give him a call and he will make sure we have a great experience.  Some restaurants are willing to modify their menu a course or two, some refuse entirely.  When I dine, it comes out of my entertainment budget; so great service is really appreciated, but rarely done, let alone done this well.Value:  Steaks and seafood entrees run aprox. $40.  (Check out the menu online.)  Lobster bisque (super rich!) was $8, as were most appetizers/salads.  All the salads were better than other high class restaurants, and Miguel made the BEST table side Caesar salad ever!  We had cocktails, coffee, split a desert, for less than $300 for four persons.  The pasta dishes are less than $30, and I am sure very delicious.  We brought home most of our entrees for tomorrow; like pasta shells, that night we were stuffed!
5	Best meal we had in Vegas! Was so glad we skipped the over-hyped celebrity steak houses for Joe Vicari's.We sat at the bar and enjoyed the friendly service from the local bartenders - drinks were strong and well made and the advice as to the menu was spot on.Started with beet salad for an appetizer - perfectly cooked red and yellow beets with simple dressing - then a small but satisfying pasta course. The steak was one of best I've ever had, actually cooked rare (as I asked for), with a flavorful but not overpowering sauce.  The 16 ounce NY strip is huge, so come hungry.  And yes, get a dessert - we had the key lime coconut cake which was light but decadent.Service is old school and top-notch, including table side flambe, ceasar salad dressing, and knowledgeable wine pairing recommendations.Make the trip to Fremont street and seek this place out for a remarkable meal.
5	With literally over 500 places to eat in Las Vegas, this is without a doubt in the top ten.  I can say that with conviction due to the fact that I have eaten at nearly every highly rated restaurant in Vegas (from a 7 dollar a plate diner to some of the most expensive places on the Strip).   Knowing of the Andiamo name from living not too far from Detroit, my wife and I went for dinner on a Saturday evening.Andiamo is located downtown inside The D Las Vegas.  When we were there, signage was not too visible, but it is at the top of the escalators to the second floor.  The decor is a nod to the way vegas restaurants used to be...dim lighting, quiet, private.  Some of the most popular places in Vegas, you literally have to yell to be heard by someone sitting 3 feet from you.  At Andiamo, all of the booths on the outer wall of the restaurant have walls that make it very quiet and private.  The detail in the decor stretches from the elaborate metal ceiling to the simple, yet elegant light fixtures.  It really creates a sense of calm and class in an otherwise loud and boisterous environment (Vegas)The staff is excellent, with serving teams working in perfect harmony.  A water glass is never less than half full and service is very attentive without being stuffy and over the top.  Well, finally to the food...I don't eat salad, however my wife does and she raved about the freshness of the vegetables as well as the in-house made fresh mozzarella.  The variety of breads served at the table were freshly baked, warm, and moist, not something sitting under a heat lamp like in some restaurants.  I ordered Agnolotti with Palmina sauce at the recommendation of our server.  Agnolotti are handmade ravioli stuffed with a combination of pork and beef with Italian seasoning.  It is quite possibly the best pasta dish I have ever eaten.  The way the pork and beef in the pasta meshed with the lighter Palmino sauce was incredible.   Andiamo partners with the leading supplier of hormone free meats in the country and it shows.  After the incredible dessert tray is presented, we enjoyed a caramel cheesecake with hot caramel drizzled over the top.  It was out of this world.  Lots of classic Italian desserts are served also.After our dessert was finished, the restaurant manager came over and asked if we had an enjoyable experience.  We made small talk for a while and shared with him how impressed we were with the entire experience from start to finish.  Prices are not inflated like they are in some Vegas restaurants.  For what you get out of the whole dining experience (service, ambiance, food, etc) it is likely the best bargain in the city.Joe Vicari's Andiamo Italian Steakhouse is truly a gem in Downtown Vegas, and is easily its best restaurant.  Hopefully The D increases signage to draw in people looking for an outstanding meal at a very fair price.  I truly think that if Mr. Vicari desires, he can open an outpost on the strip in a major resort, and you will will see a shift in the landscape of Italian food in Vegas.
5	The best food I've ever had in Vegas!And oh my gosh our server, Miguel! The nicest and most personable restaurant worker there's ever been!We started with the Ceasar Salad. You have to do this! Miguel came out with a cart of ingredients and a giant bowl and spent 15 minutes explaining his process and putting it all together.We had crab ziti, so amazing. My brother had the signature steak, the Andiamo Tomahawk and it was awesome! Huge steak on a giant bone! My girlfriend had a special, the Chilean Sea Bass, and it was also amazing.You have to go here! We showed up just as they were closing and were the only people in the restaurant. The atmosphere was super nice. Seated in a round booth with plenty of room.I'll definitely pay a visit every time I come back to Vegas!
4	Very tasty dinner. Our party of 4 had filet, prime rib and the veal. Everyone loved their food including the sides - mashed potatoes, ziti with lobster, asparagus and whipped sweet potatoes. The prime rib was almost too big...think Flintstones! The side dishes are definitely big enough for 2 and they're very yummy. Good wine list and a large menu. The waiter was pretty good, but a little smarmy at times. That would be my only complaint though. It is expensive, but certainly no more than the steakhouses on the strip.
5	An Italian Steakhouse so AMAZING even John Gotti would have approved!Andiamo, located inside The D casino in downtown LV is one of only a few hidden gems left in a city that was better ran by the mob!  It is difficult to pull me away from my favorite steakhouse in Las Vegas, but since I found myself in Sin City twice within 3 weeks I decided to expand my horizons and try Andiamo with NO disappointment! THE DECOR:A tastefully designed upscale steakhouse with some of the most private feeling and luxurious booths one will ever encounter in a restaurant!  A GREAT eye for design.THE SERVICE:While the service in Las Vegas has slowly sunk into the sand, the service at this restaurant was simply OUTSTANDING!  Ask for Darren, he will take excellent care of you as he did us.  He will ensure you not only have a great meal, but also a memorable dining experience.THE FOOD: (See attached photographs)For starters, Andiamo has without a doubt the BEST meatball on the planet!  A meatball so juicy, flavorful, and tender it will simply melt in your mouth!  Although the size of a softball, I would order 2 as they go quick no matter how hungry your party is "Utah!.........get me 2!!"Next, the Sausage & Peppers are to DIE for!  Again, one of the best I have ever had.  So good I still wake up in the middle of the night in cold sweats dreaming of them!  The Chef didn't miss a single ingredient in this dish and is nothing less than SPECTACULAR!  For the main courses we ordered 2 chops.  Andiamo serves dry aged meats that are out of this world; Aged to PERFECTION!  My compliments to the Chef.We ordered the impressive Tomahawk Steak, which is actually a bone-in rib eye (so called because of its resemblance to a tomahawk) and it comes to the table still SIZZLING in the skillet.  A SUPERB steak that needs no special sauces or added herbs.  I highly recommend it.We also ordered the Porterhouse chop (Both the NY and Filet cuts) this too was an amazing steak with plenty of flavor and the most tender Porterhouse I have ever sank a steak knife into.  THE DESSERT:For dessert we ordered 3 things (Might as well go down in flames)First was the Coconut cake that was unparalleled to just about any dessert known to man (Or woman) I am an avid fan of GOOD coconut desserts (I can drink sun tan lotion straight out of the bottle)  This is simply HEAVEN!Next we ordered the Kit Kat dessert which has spoiled me for life as I can never eat that plastic wrapped candy bar again.  Say no more.The last dessert was a chocolate cake of sorts, as I am not a huge fan of chocolate cake, this certainly filled the void.  It is a chocolate dream for those that can appreciate it!  THE COFFEE:What TRUE Italian restaurant would be complete without Lavazza Coffee.  Simply the BEST coffee in North America!  A PERFECT way to compliment your meal and dinning experience!THE BOTTOM LINE:If you are looking for a TOP steakhouse and incredible Italian food, Andiamo is the BEST of both worlds!  An upscale Italian steakhouse that is sure to please even the toughest steak connoisseur like myself.  I always judge a good steakhouse by how many mobsters got whacked outside (i.e. "Sparks" - Paul Castellano).  While it is true that Las Vegas was better ran by the mob, if the mob still owned this city today, there would certainly be some Tommy guns outside Andiamo waiting for today's Godfather to finish his last meal.  Enjoy!
5	I've been to a lot of restaurants in my life, all over the world, and even in Italy... This was literally one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. Our waiter was Miguel, he served us with genuine passion, and was very knowledgable about the menu. He came across as the owner, and was extremely kind. The food was outstanding! Everything we ordered, we found ourselves thinking "this is the best ___ I've ever had". The Cesar salad was made table side, the steaks are marinated for days before being cooked, and just about everything is prepared from scratch. I usually only go the the strip in Vegas, but I will definitely make coming to this hidden gem a new tradition. A sincere thank you for everything, from the bottom of my heart.
4	Came here for a special occasion and thoroughly enjoyed the experience and the excellent food. The atmosphere and decor is very classy and the large circular booths are very nice for a group of 4 people. The steak here is amazing, and while it is quite pricey, it is nothing like as expensive as places on the strip of same (or lesser) quality. The only disappointment was our server who can only be described as clueless. He didn't know the answers to fairly basic questions, and annoyingly forgot quite a few requests we made. If it wasn't for that, I'd have given Andiamo's 5 stars.And for gluten free, as it's a steakhouse this isn't a problem.
5	There are three things I can guarantee that will happen if you eat here.  You will not be hungry when you leave, still have money in your pocket, and have some great service (thanks Miguel).  It has been a week and I am still thinking of the meal I had.  It was the best meal of the week and I am looking forward to my next trip to stop in again.  There were three of us and we had the caesar salad, steaks, mashed potatoes, mushroom and onions, the three steak sauces, and several drinks for the price of $200.  I was too full to eat any of the deserts (kit kat or chocolate cake).  I can not say enough good things about this place.  On a side note the side of angel hair pasta they bring with your steak is heaven.  I stayed at the Wynn and ate at Allegro (Italian) the next night getting their angel hair entree.  The pasta here was by far superior.
3	Going from best to worst:5 stars:The service was excellent.  Our Italian waiter named "Loan" was totally on point from start to finish.  The tableside Caesar salad (which originated from Mexico and has nothing to do with Italy) he made was a marvel.  He made the dressing from scratch right in front of us starting with the egg yolk, spices, anchovy and everything else after.  It was so cool to watch.  He certainly wasn't modest about his tableside Caesar skills either saying he "made it the best" and it delivered!  This is a must order and for $9 a person is a better deal than the other salads on the menu.  4 stars:I am a sucker for handmade pasta but we thought ordering a full entree plate of that would be insanely too much food so we begrudgingly went with the lobster black truffle baked ziti.  This was supposed to be a side dish but it was a huge portion easily for 4 people and it was so good!  They definitely didn't skimp on the lobster meat and it made for great leftovers the next day.  Nutfish Z's great review twisted my arm into ordering the "Andiamo Grande Meatball".  Just what I need right?  A meat appetizer followed by an entree of more meat!  The meatball was a little smaller than the size of a softball and was a handmade blend of veal, pork and beef.   It was a little more on the solid side and the sauce with the ricotta cheese topping really was a great blend of flavor.  Nice meatball!  This is not to be mistaken for their side dish of meatballs which is only beef and pork.   3 stars:We got a side order of the "olive oil grilled asparagus with cipollini onions" which was a nice sized portion compared to most other steakhouses.  The sauce on top was good and I like cipollini onions on pretty much anything including Fruity Pebbles.  2 stars:Our waiter gave us 2 surprise plates of spaghetti topped with a kind of tomato cream sauce courtesy of the chef right before our entrees came out.  It was totally unnecessary filler considering we already ordered a pasta dish and I didn't think it was very good.  I saw Ron S's photo afterward with his caption asking if the sauce came from a can.  I thought the same thing!  My wife liked it better than I did.  I know I sound like a putz complaining about free food but this wasn't needed at all and I would just set this aside if/when they give it to you before the entrees come out.  1 star:It pains me to even write this but it was the goddamn steak itself!!  I got the bone in ribeye (had plans to go for the Tomahawk after Teri W's great review but they have since upped the price from $65 to $79) and my wife got the filet mignon.  I take my first bite and shake my head kinda like "huh"?  I take another bite, get more perplexed and then I take a final bite from a different section, turn to my wife and say "this is not good at all".  The ribeye was lukewarm at best, dry and wasn't even up to par with the $13 flat iron steak I had at Herbs and Rye a few days before that.  My wife's filet mignon was good....if you want it to taste like AHI TUNA!!!  She was surprisingly OK with it though so who was I to argue?  Loan comes back, asks how things are and I tell him my problems with the ribeye.  It was as if this quality of steak should have been saved for fools that ordered well done.  It also seemed like the steak had been sitting in the kitchen for a while based on the temperature.  Loan seemed stunned by this as was I.  I've had plenty of ribeyes and this was the first time I've ever sent one back.  I've only thought about doing it one other time (N9NE) but didn't pull the trigger.  I would've sent back my wife's filet had I ordered that as well.  I got the porterhouse instead which was MILES AND MILES better.  It was juicy and beefy where it was supposed to be and the temperature was to my satisfaction.  That was 3.5 stars.  So in the end, I would still come back here for the Italian fare, Caesar salad, ambiance and service but you might want to stick with Vic and Anthony's a couple of casinos over if you're looking for great steak.
5	My husband and I are "locals" (we've lived here about a year now), and we joined 10 other people who were visiting, for a special dinner at Andiamo. We had wanted to try an upscale steakhouse, and were pleased that the group decided on this one, as we've heard good things about it. First of all, the venue is wonderful, kind of retro 'speakeasy' type elegance. And its not too loud to enjoy the company you are with. Considering how big our party was, I have to say that the service was marvelous. Every order came out in timely fashion (nobody was left waiting while others ate), and every order was correct. Mergim (I hope I got his name right!), our Albanian-American waiter, had two assistants to help him serve us all. Other than being a bit slow to refill water glasses, the whole service was perfect. It was a wonderful, leisurely, conversation-filled dining experience.Being such a large group, we tried most of the menu items. The assorted meats & cheeses and the sausage & peppers were standout appetizers, as was the assortment of breads. The lobster bisque was "to die for", and the Caesar salad was authentic.  I didn't think the little dish of pasta (vodka-tomato sauce over angel hair) that came out between appetizers and main courses was anything special; but the others liked it. The king crab legs were opened by a waiter, so the person who ordered those didn't have to struggle with them.  The steaks came out with a wonderful surface char, and everybody said theirs was done exactly as ordered. Don't forget to order their "zip" sauce to dip your meat into! Strange name, but a rich, buttery stock that complements red meat perfectly. Skip banal sides like shoestring potatoes, and go for standouts such as the huge moist meatballs, or the lobster mac-and-cheese (it had huge chunks of lobster meat!). We even got a free dessert for the birthday guy (kit kat tiramisu--we all got a bite)! When we split the bill, it came to about $90 a person, including alcoholic drinks. I believe that is pretty reasonable for one of these class of steakhouses, considering all the dishes we ordered. The food, the service, and the ambience could not be beat. My only regret was that nobody else in our party wanted to linger for more desserts, because I've heard great things about those too. Oh well...my husband and I will be back for our next "special" occasion dinner!
4	Ate here with a group of 5 people total, and start to finish was very impressed with the place. All items came out accurately and within a reasonable amount of time. I personally had the giant meatball appetizer and it is highly recommended. For my meal I opted for the NY strip and it was very good, albeit slightly overcooked per my medium rare request. The zip sauce was great too BTW. Overall a great vibe and outstanding service.
3	After my meet with friends, I walked a few doors down and went into the D Hotel and Casino to have dinner at the Andiamo Italian Steakhouse.The room is very nicely done.  I was at one of two tables along a wall that sat two people.  A server came to me and started explaining the specials having told me that my waiter wasn't yet there.  As the first one was explaining the specials, my server appeared.  The first one continued and then they let me study the menu.  In the meantime, a runner brought my iced tea.I was set to have a steak but when I learned the pasta special for last night was orecchiette, that's what I ordered.  I ordered a small portion of calamari for an appetizer and I got a side of meatballs (2 small) with dinner.Bread was brought to the table.  It was a nice selection of a cheese brea, salted bread sticks, and some crostini.  Instead of butter, Andiamo serves a very good eggplant caponata with olives for use on the bread bruschetta style.  The calamari came quickly and it was a good sized plate even if it was a small order.  The marinara served with the calamari was quite good.The orecchiette was fairly good.  It was a bit too al dente.  There were small cubes of meet and some peas in the orecchiette and the sauce was good.  It did need some salt.  The side of meatballs were good.  Again, the sauce was good.The server pushed the dessert cart to my table and I went with a coconut cake.  There seemed to be a difference of opinion as to what it was.  My server said it was a lime, coconut cake and another server told the woman seated at the next table that it was Key lime pie.  Regardless, the fruit flavor was very light.  The coconut was the star.Service was very good.  A new glass of iced tea was brought before I was finished with my first.
5	Just plain excellent. Let the waiter/chef recommend. They know.
5	What a delightful surprise!I generally am not a big fan of downtown or its currently available cuisine. After seeing the Wizard of Oz at the Smith Center we decided to grab a bite downtown. I raised an eyebrow but went with it, and I'm so glad I did!The feel is very traditional, old school steakhouse. We enjoyed:-Riesling-Champagne-Oysters-Lobster Bisque-Caesar Salad-Hand made pasta (I added mushrooms and red pepper flakes, so delicious)-RibeyeEverything was delicious. My favorite dishes were the oysters and the pasta. I am very particular about noodle texture and Andiamo's texture was spot on.We were too full for dessert but I will definitely indulge our next visit!
5	Went there last week, absolutely the best italian restaurant I've been to (even compared to the ones I've had in NYC). Sausage and peppers are absolutely perfect. Meatball appetizer had the perfect consistency, taste, and ricotta. The relish with the bread is intoxicating, almost has an asian taste to it.
4	Really good food, comfortable seating and lighting, and the wait staff is excellent. My gf and I went there for dinner while visiting Vegas. We got all dressed up, and the waitress we got was super nice. The food was really good. We got the Caesar Salad, where the dressing is made fresh table-side, and it was delicious. We both got steaks, medium-well. They were a little over-cooked, but most expensive steakhouses can't cook anything above medium without messing it up, so I'm not docking points for that. They were kind enough to bring us out a small bowl of pasta as we awaited our steaks, and the waitress checked on us regularly.My only complaint was about the mashed potatoes. They're an expensive side, they're dry, and taste pretty horrible, all of which can be attributed to the inclusion of truffle oil. Be prepared to spend some money while you're there, my bill for my gf and I (including about 22% tip) was about $140.
5	Excellent food and service right on Fremont street! Our waiter, Carl, was fantastic - a true fine dinning experince
5	Well worth getting off the strip to hit this place. The prices were reasonable and the food was fabulous. We had a party of 6 and it cost half of what the higher end Strip meals cost without giving up anything in flavor - and frankly, better than some of the high end places on the strip. I can't go into each meal we ordered, but I can tell you we ordered 6 different things, we had 5 different apps and we had a Cesar salad made fresh table side and there was not one thing that wasn't excellent. There was a mozzy app that I still dream about a month later. When I come back to Vegas this will always be on my must hit list from now on.
5	An incredible restaurant! Beautifully decorated and great atmosphere. The service is exceptional: John the waiter was very friendly and professional and watching him make the fabulous Caesar salad table-side was priceless. The entrees were exceptional: a huge lobster risotto for my wife, a 24 oz Porterhouse for me. Both were top quality. The prices were very reasonable considering the overall standards. If you're downtown and considering Binion's Steakhouse or Vic and Anthony's, do yourself a big favor and go to Andiamo instead.
5	Great food and atmosphere! Steaks were cooked perfectly and they were delicious! Lobster bisque and the lobster pasta were wonderfully delicious! More than enough food, we left there stuffed and happy! Definitely will come back :)
5	WHAT AN AMAZING RESTAURANT!I loved it all. The tall leather booths, waiters in white tuxedo jackets, hardwood floors, excellent service. I could dine here every day.I ordered the Shrimp Scampi and it was divine paired with a very nice New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc. My mother ordered, to date, the best rib-eye I have ever tasted. It was a party of 25 and everyone's dish looked amazing. I had a taste of the Martha Vineyard salad and the lobster macaroni. Amazing food! So worth the visit.
5	This place is amazing.  The food is delicious and service is first class. I give the restaurant the highest recommendation.
4	We had a great meal and a great time at Andiamo!  Ask for Iaon as a waiter - he's fantastic!Sausage & peppers were excellent!  Tomahawk steaks were great!  Tableside Caesar salad prepared by Iaon was excellent.No complaints at all....you get what you pay for in this world and it's worth it at Andiamo!
5	Incredible. Best steak I've had anywhere. Great wedge salad. Desserts phenomenal. Service impeccable. Get a booth if you can with the tall backs and round table. Also, John the server provides remarkable service (as does the rest of the staff).
3	I had previously reviewed this restaurant and gave it five stars.  The second time, a Sunday evening, not so much.  The great, the good and the bad:  The Great: Calamari appetizer, very tender ($9);  Great filet mignon, done perfectly, ($40) delicious. The Good:  Beet and arugula salad ($8), large portion, enough for two.  The Bad:  Salmon and Peas pasta (highly recommended by the waiter) very salty smoked salmon, in sauce lacking flavor, all in a thick doughy pasta ($28) inedible; Italian wedding cake, excellent the last time was tasteless this time, perhaps old;   the "service":  the waiter was attentive at first but then disappeared,  The busboy definitely lacked training.  When clearing the dishes he spilled some of the steak sauce on the table in front of my wife and made no effort to clean it up, leaving a large spot for the remainder of the meal.  He served coffee and never asked if a refill was desired.  He cleared the dishes from our table and an adjacent table on a large tray directly in front of our table.  Definitely not first class!  I would add that this time the manager never stopped by our table to inquire about our meals, which he did on the last occasion.  I was totally disappointed this time in comparison with the previous visit and would have to think twice about going there again.
5	Wow.  This was not the restaurant I expected after walking through the casino.  The service was exceptional, the lobster bisque was phenomenal, the "zip sauce" for the porterhouse was delicious, the sides were perfect, and all 8 of the desserts were great.  I would make a trip to DT Vegas from the strip just to eat here.  A must visit for anyone looking for a great meal and experience.
3	This beautiful  restaurant is located in the D Casino,  on the edge of the  Fremont Experience, in downtown Las Vegas, The restaurant is on the second floor of the worst casino I have walked through.  The clientele are "ruff" and the half naked blackjack/"Pole Dancers" add to the distasteful walk though this dive.Once we arrive at the restaurant we were greeted by several host, that almost have their act together.   We were seated at a booth (we requested a booth on Open Table).  A server approached our table immediately.  We requested Still Bottled Water.  This server didn't have a clue what we were talking about.  However, he did get another server that understood.  Our server, Miguel, was excellent.  He decanted our wine and poured it perfectly.  He described the food and explained how the chef suggested it be served.  He was attentive, but not hovering,The Cesar Salad, prepared table side was excellent.  The presentation of the Lobster Bisque was exquisite.  We were served a complimentary tasting of home made Angel Hair Pasta with a light tomato cream sauce.  OUTSTANDING!  We had Oso Boco, Rack of lamb and Swordfish.  The Oso Boco was outstanding.  Served hot and flavorful.  I did not taste the Swordfish.  The Lamb was very flavorful, prepared medium.  However, the Lamb was "warm" as was the bed of VERY SALTY INEDIBLE tomato something.    The deserts are OUTSTANDING!  The Terramisu  was one of the best.  We also tried the Italian Wedding Cake....THIS IS A MUST TRY!  The bottom line is, there is no doubt this restaurant is one of the finest in Las Vegas.  If you can look past the walk though this dreadful place, you won't be disappointed by the food or atmosphere.
3	Could be a 4 or 5 star if they had it on the first floor of the worst casino in Las Vegas so you didn't have to walk thru that smoke laden, cheesy, ugly casino with the riff raff of the world....but it is on the 2nd floor,  Loved the food and our waiter, Miquel.  The hostess staff is very unprofessional and even training them would not help...they just lack what that restaurant needs as far as being able to welcome guests.
5	Overall, this was an outstanding dining experience.  The service was great and the waiter was very prompt and professional.  We started with appetizers; sausage & peppers, calamari and the meatball.  The meatball is HUGE, all the apps were delicious.  Next, three of us had the table-side prepared Caesar salads; it was AMAZING!  The best Caesars salad I have ever eaten, it took the waiter like 10 minutes to make the dressing, well worth it.  We all had steaks, with a couple lobster tails among us.  All were fantastic.  Ok, here's my rant (almost pulled one star, but couldn't do it):  I am at a $100/meal, high-end steak house for a nice meal with my family.  We are all dressed appropriately for a night of fine dining.  Why in the heck do nice restaurants in Vegas NOT HAVE A DANG DRESS CODE??!!  It ruins the atmosphere when NASCAR Bubba and his gang pour into the place wearing shorts, wife beaters and flip-flops.  You can't get into many clubs in Vegas with nice sneakers, but this is ok?  Rant over.  Great steak house.
4	I'll dine there again. Service was great, the menus and portions were fine. No aspect was sub-par, although I don't get the "Zip Sauce". That wasn't impressive. More weird, than anything. With a name like that, I was expecting a "Wow", but got "Meh".
5	I have ZERO to complain about here. Although being located in not one of the more glamorous hotels in LV, JVAIS was a real gem! Our waiter set the tone for our fun filled evening, he was professional, polite, and excited about helpling us I got a gin drink from the house drink list, it was the first drink on the menu, WOW possibly the best gin based drink I have ever had!!! My date got the Cosmo which was also very good. I orderd the rack of lamb and she got the porterhouse, we split the sides of the mashed potatoes and the asparagus. Both the side were DELICIOUS!!! our Entrees were both cooked to perfection and both amazing. Our food was excellent, the service was excellent, the drinks were excellent! Dont let the surroundings fool you, this place is great!
3	The apps were delicious, particularly their signature meatball. Also, impressive side table prep for their caesar salad. The two star deductions are for two reasons, namely the staff is incredibly slow and inattentive, and the entree's were way, way too salty. If they cut down on the salt and become more selective in choosing their staff, then there is no reason this place wouldn't get five stars, as the flavor is there.
5	The greatest place to have a nice dinner in Vegas. I was so please with my Salmon and mushrooms. Dinner was great and the service was awesome. I just could not have enough of the taste. Coming back home to LA I'm already wanting more of the great selection of foods this place has to offer. Make reservations before going. The place is so good it gets busy. My husband had the steak which was to perfection. Calamari was also great for an appetizer. Must try it at least once when in Vegas.
5	This is the best Italian in Vegas I've had yet and I'm not surprised at all.  Andiamo was a solid spot for me to visit when I lived in Michigan because of the atmosphere, quality and reasonable pricing.  You definitely get all 3 over at The D.  The restaurant has a very small entrance at the top of the 2nd floor which opens up to the dining room.  We grilled our server on his favorite dishes, trying to find what he thought was "excellent" vs. "good".  I settled on the Potato Gnocchi w/ meat sauce as it is listed as the house specialty.  While the portion was a little smaller than I hoped, the quality of each potato stuffed bite was really good and the meat sauce was an excellent compliment.Most of the pasta dishes are in the $20-30 range and are well worth the upgrade from other places around town in the $15-20 range.  The staff is very attentive and is dressed professionally and I noticed a Caesar salad being made table side across the room.If you are looking for an upscale night out downtown, I highly reccomend it and look forward to trying more of the pasta dishes as well as their steak!
5	I couldn't even take more than 3 bites of my main corse! I was so full, they are not shy with their portions at all. I was full with the appetizers alone. The service was great (our server was John) and food was fantastic. I will definitely come back.
4	Believe the majority of the the reviews. The service (Raul was fantastic) and food is fantastic. The decor is ok. If you like privacy ask for one of the booths. The rest has only been open a year, but has atmosphere is old school. The Caponata served as accompaniment to the bread brings me back to my childhood. I'll be back.
5	This spot was recommended by some fellow travelers while we were in Downtown Las Vegas Fremont Street ! We were not disappointed :) reasonably priced, great food, great service, sophisticated atmosphere:) signature dish is the 46 ounce rib eye ! Tell them Heidi and Michelle sent you !
5	Absolutely wonderful from start to finish. The service, food and ambience is simply top notch! We have visited 8 times and have never been disappointed. The signature Tomahawk Ribeye will melt in your mouth. Be sure and ask for the homemade steak sauce "zip sauce" with it. Delish!!! I could bath in it! The shrimp cocktail is so fresh and the cocktail sauce is spiced with the right amount of horseradish. The chopped salad has a Parmesan dressing that is unbelievable. Don't forget to get it. All of the pasta dishes are perfectly cooked. The Veal Aldo will simply melt in your mouth. The side order of grilled asparagus and cipollini onions is huge and so tasty. The complimentary "relish" they serve is very different and addicting. It includes eggplant, olives, capers and much more. The dessert cart is ever changing and scrumptious! Go there if you can. Ask for Miguel. He is awesome.
2	They try too hard IMO and haven't mastered the basics. Normally would give it 3 stars but given the price point I needed to pull it back a notch. Between the 3 of us we had the bone in NY strip, the stuffed chicken breast, and the prime rib daily special with the roasted potatoes, asparagus, and wasabi mashed potatoes that came with the prime rib as well as the table side-made caesar salad. Caesar was good but took a long time for the entrees to come. Prime rib was undercooked (asked for medium rare), strip average, and the ricotta in the chicken breast was cold. Server was nice but seemed overwhelmed/worked. Decor was very nice but lots of other choices out there at this price point.
5	Wow!  Andiamo is a fantastic, "old cool" Italian steakhouse in the up and coming The D casino on Fremont Street.I read the other glowing Yelp reviews with some skepticism, especially after I read "go to the top of the escalator, hang a right toward the bathrooms, and another right into Andiamo - all in the second story of a Fremont Street casino?!?Wow, were the other reviews RIGHT!!!Very nice, fairly quiet, newly remodeled dining room. Old school leather chairs and waiters in white tuxedo jackets.Bread was great. Tampenade was great.Service is friendly, attentive, and very service-oriented.  Old school service.House-made sausage & peppers were fantastic.Bone-in ribeye was one of the finest steaks I've ever eaten. Great wine list. Huge yummy loaded baked potato.Courtesy portion of pasta and sauce was delicious.Desserts looked awesome, but we were too stuffed to try them.Not cheap (especially for Fremont Street), but they were busy and everyone had a great meal.So good I would take a taxi from the strip just to dine here again.  One of the best meals I've ever had in Vegas.LOVED IT!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Just because its expensive doesn't  mean that its good. Went to this steakhouse as a last resort to eat because every restaurant is closed by 10pm downtown. They closed at 11.  Waiter was nice but could of been a better. The food looked great when it was brought out. Big portions. I had ordered some kind of pasta, my friend had stuffed chicken and my other friend ordered thier special steak and pasta $60.  Excited to eat my food i take the first bite and it was good but something was off. I couldn't pin point it until a couple of bites later. My food was extremely salty.  Salty to the point that it makes your face cringe. So i thought it was just me, so i had my friends try it and they said the same thing. Come to find out there food was salty too. Told the waiter that it was salty and his response was" i never heard of that" I then proceeded and asked him if he wants to try it and taste all the salt. He said no. But he did not do anything about the fact that our food was salty. His response should of been. Oh would you like us to remake it  or order something different. He did nothing. Our bill for 3 people was $130. For the waiter not doing anything. He did not get no tip. I would never recommend this place. Only go hear if you want to have high blood pressure or have a heart attack from all the salt.
5	Hard to find- but worth the hunt! Miguel was a fabulous server- wish we'd had room for dessert!
5	The atmosphere in this restaurant  is amazing. From the circular high back Boothe's to the curtains hung from the ceiling. The service is impeccable.  There was four of us. We started with Caesar salads, main course was steak, potatoes  and mushrooms. All were delish. If your looking from something different, you should definitely try this restaurant.
5	One of the best restaurants I have eaten at in Las Vegas!  Ratings (1 - 5, 5 being the best)Food Selection 5Food Taste 5Ambiance 5Wine Selection 4.5Prices 5Service 4I had such a wonderful time eating at Joe Vicari's.  The restaurant instantly makes you feel at home and relaxed, far away from any craziness downstairs in the casino.We ordered one of the best tasting Meat Balls I have ever had.  The meat ball was huge, juicy and delicious.  The two of us had a hard time finishing it due to the size - we were also worried that we had two large steaks coming, so we had to stop.We ordered a bottle of Caymus from their very nice wine list.  -The prices were better than any restaurant I have been to in Las Vegas.  The waiter professionally opened the bottle for us, and left us to enjoy the ambiance.  Once our main course arrived, we knew we made the right decision to stop before we finished the meat ball.  My Rib Eye Steak was enough for two people and was cooked flawlessly!  We also had a beautifully cooked New York Steak to share with a side of Truffled Mashed Potatoes to put the meal over the top.I highly recommend this restaurant and will be eating here next time I visit Las Vegas!
5	My husband and I went to Andiamo on a Saturday night with  another couple.  I was excited to go there because it had been named best new restaurant in Vegas for 2013.  We were starving and we came ready to throw back some cash on a fantastic meal - - we were not disappointed!  First, our waiter Miguel was phenomenal.  Professional, funny and well very knowledgeable about the menu.  We ordered a bunch of appetizers to share - the infamous big giant meatball, the calamari, and some shrimp cocktail.  The meatball was amazing. Often times large meatballs are dry inside, but this one was perfect.  The shrimp cocktail were super fresh and tasty.  The calamari was excellent as well.  We then ordered the Caesar salad.  The dressing and salad is prepared by the waiter fresh for you at the table and it is freakin' amazing.  Best Caesar salad I have ever had.   On to the entrees.  My husband and I each got a large Ribeye on the bone.  Mine, however, was a "special" that night and it had a flavorful mushroom sauce and awesome gnocchi.  I was concerned that the sauce would be too salty or overpowering, but it wasn't, it was perfect.  The steak melted in your mouth.  Hands down, everyone at the table tried my steak and said it was the best they had ever eaten.  (And we've eaten at many of the best steakhouses in NYC and Boston).  I also tried the lobster risotto and the filet mignon, which were ordered by my friends (all tasty).  Finally, for dessert, we had a slice of coconut cake  - - it was plenty large enough for the four of us to share after eating a huge meal.  We will definitely be going back to Andiamo next time we are in Vegas!  Amazing meal.  Best. Steak. Ever.  You should eat here - Ask for Miguel.
5	This is a very nice place.  Can't remember waiters name but he was very knowledgeable about menu and gave great recommendations.  Everything we ordered was delicious.  We had steak,pasta,meatballs,sausage.potatoes,salad and topped it off with the coconut cake.  I don't frequent steakhouses very often so difficult for me to compare but my baby mama  loves steak and said it was the best steak she ever had. This place did not disappoint at all.  Would definitely return.
5	The D is where its at. Downtown Vegas Baby!Tony Hsieh has made this place a great place to be. Walking up Fremont street amongst the crazy tourists and walking upstairs the smoke filled D Hotel you are welcomed into a high end oasis, Joe Vicari's Andiamo Italian Steak House.What we orderedMeatballs - BombCaprese - Fresh buffalo mozeralla from Italy amazingDinnerTomahawk Steak! Huge piece tender, right off the skilletBone in RibeyeDessertTiramisuKit Kat ExplosionWhat really excited me that both steaks didnt have any butter on them, a light rub of olive oil.Didn't feel lethargic after the meal. Our server indicated that every cow they butcher has electronic identification and they butcher in house and dry age for a long period of time.This place is amazing and I will go back there again, sorry Mastros!
5	Amazing Service! Delicious food! Everything was perfect... Might I add that my Fiance even proposed to me at this restaurant.. The ambiance, the service, the food, the wine & the dessert couldn't have been more perfect! Thanks to Miguel we had a spectacular time.  You can't go wrong at Andiamos! We are will definitely be back :)
3	I was very excited to try Andiamo.  My friends from out of town were wanting either Italian or American cuisine, so I thought what better way than to try out a new restaurant, in the new downtown area at a hotel with a hip reputation, and why not experience the revolution of new culture downtown!The Experience - 3 Star - The valet parking at the D is great, attentive and quick. For a small service area with limited space for cars, I find the valets were doing a great job balancing everything.  As soon as you park, you enter the casino and you are immediately hit with both loud music from the hotel's music system and strong whiff of stale cigarette smoke!  Then you are immediately dumped into the video and slot machine area, so there was really no transition from the valet to the hotel, it was just bang in your face with the sound and smell.  I found that to be a bit distracting.  The journey to the restaurant is also a bit like any other hotel casino, you have to wade through the casino floor and interesting signage to get to the restaurant.  The dancers - 3 star - On our sojourn through the desert of this casino floor, methinks I was seeing an oasis as when you trek past the blinking and ching-a-linging of the slots to the table games, there are scantily cald dealers and table dancing dealers? This was totally unexpected and very cool at first glance.  This brings a certain element on this expedition, yet the vacuous stare of the dancers was kind of disheartening and left me a feeling like when you discover that your oasis is well, an oasis...The arrival - 2.5 stars - Going up the escalator to Andiamo, you can turn right off the elevator and smack right into the restrooms, or turn left onto the second level casino floor which was odd.  This is a bit of a no brainer to go left to the spacious area.  Again, my navigation skills after the table dancing oasis were very poor tonight and I turned right.  If you were really paying attention, you would find that Andiamo is tucked into a small alley way next to the toilets with tons of toilet traffic.  The good news is that once you enter the brick tunnel entrance, you feel that you are being transported through a catacomb from the loud and boisterous babble of toilet traffic to the enticing smells and taste of the restaurant.  The arrival finally was itself great, the journey was worth the trip.The service - 5 star - What you get right away upon entering Andiamo is a five star service. From the front reception, to being seated and then by being greeted by your server, this place is classy all the way. We were fortunate to have John as our server and his white tux was reminiscent of the movie Casablanca.  The food - 4 star - We had a variety of food here.Appetizers - 5 star The grilled portabella mushroom was awesome and almost steak like  Served with beef tenderloin tips, I really enjoyed this dish. The banana peppers and sausage was one of the most unique and intriguing appetizers. I would highly recommend it. The caprese was tasty, although the rather large slices were, rather large.  Getting mozzarella di bufala is great and this was no exception.Main Course - 3.5 star - We ordered the bone in ribeye, the Osso Bucco, Veal all' Aldo which was a cut of veal pounded and topped with prosciutto and cheese.  We also had the filet.  I had the Osso Bucco which was  good over a fettuccine pasta.  The look was amazing, the marrow was great, the meat and pasta were good but somewhat overwhelming.  Not sure, but very rich.  Most of us did not finish our dishes.The sides - 3 star - Tuscan Roasted potatoes and creme spinach. The potatoes were tasty and extremely HOT in temperature. The creme spinach was uneventful. Dessert - 4 star - shared the tiramisu, a chocolate cassata cake. Very good.Overall, an interesting journey and a trek to get there. The food was good, very high quality overall, however, I would say not entirely memorable. The ambiance of the restaurant was very intimate in a way, but with very oddly positioned tables, too close to others, constant movement of servers too near you, and just too busy for an intimate setting. I am so glad I tried the place, i would suggest everyone try it Probably one of the best upscale places to eat in Downtown area. On par with Oscar's restaurant at the Plaza. I gave this place a three star overall and it could easily be a 4 star if I was in the right frame of mind perhaps.
5	Outstanding service, food and overall experience.  From the moment we got to the restaurant til the time we left our experience was definitely 5 stars.   Our appetizer of calamari and house bread  with olive oil was delicious.  We then had seafood risotto and chilean sea bass for our main course.  They were very well prepared and presented.  Can't wait to try the rest of the menu on my next visit.
4	Loved it. Great old town atmosphere. Food was great. Could imagine the rat pack having dinner at a table in the back.... And, pricey, but not over the top and great value.
5	One of the best restaurant experiences I have had. We had two waiters assigned to our table of 8 - Danny and Miguel. Both very professional and knowledgeable about their food. One of their specialties is their homemade pasta by the Italian chef. For those of us getting entrees not including pasta, a special side dish was presents to 5 of us as a treat to sample. It was amazing. One of our party is gluten-free and she was able to pick any of the pasta entrees and just sub the gluten-free pasta. Basket of bread was my lease favorite part of the meal - a little well done for my taste, but the cheese bread sticks were yummy. Homemade olive tapenade plated instead of butter, but butter was pleasantly presented upon request. We had a special birthday in our party and they treated her accordingly with song and the most wonderful piece of cheesecake.  Try to save room for dessert.  All our choices were great and the presentation on the plate only added to it.  My sister-in-law said the tiramisu was among the top two she has ever tasted.
5	Interesting.  We ate there on June 8, 2014, exactly one year from our last visit.Not much has changed.  The atmosphere, food and service were very, very good.My steak was a little better this year, which is always good.  My wife's meatball was scrumptious.  The Caesar salad was great plus a nice bottle of champagne at a decent price.  I give the night an A-!  Note: this was far better than our meal at downtown competitor Vic and Anthony's.  A tad better than Ruth's' Chris and as good as our meal at Joe's.  Only a very surprising and exceptional meal at Mesa Grill was better all the way around on this trip.
5	My Uncle Joe is the best chef ever!!!! I had dinner with my family and it was superb. If you want authentic italian cooking, this is the place to go. Everything is delicious and cooked to perfection. This is definitely the best spot downtown if you're looking for a quality meal. I can't even pick one favorite thing, everything was absolutely amazing. The service couldn't have got any better. Everyone was friendly and attentive. Highly recommend!!
5	I love this hidden gem. It has the feel of a classic steak house, it's intimate and has great service. The food is always consistent and I am never disappointed when I dine here and the best part is that it's not overpriced.
5	Me and my husband ate here for our 6 year wedding anniversary and everything was amazing! Our waitress Sandy was wonderful  and made our dining experience great! We will definitely be eating there again.
5	Wife and I came here for our 13th wedding anniversary and couldn't have been happier. Excellent service and food. Waiting staff and servers were top notch and very helpful. Our server Ioan, was charming and it was obvious he loved his job. The food was first rate.Wife and I love to share at high end restaurants so we ordered three courses to share. Oysters to start. They were very good. I'd say go lite on the champagne provided to pour over the top of oysters, while tasty we found it to be over-powering, losing some of the flavor.  Second we had Caesar salad. Before you wonder why order a Caesar salad when you can get that anywhere, this is 100% authentic Caesar salad and it is prepared table side. Helps that our waiter told an excellent story while preparing the dish. Before the main course diners are treated to a signature bite of pasta that is absolutely scrumptious. Reminded me of one of my favorite comfort foods; tomato soup and grilled cheese. Lobster and Filet Mignon were our main course. We also ordered spinach and asparagus as sides to balance out the meal. The filet mignon was mouth-watering and delicate, but what made it so incredible was a soy-butter sauce that was drizzled over the cut, absolutely to die for. Lobster was prepared just right, not well done by any means. I would recommend both the spinach and asparagus sides to anyone dining here. The balsamic vinaigrette and caramelized pearl onions that topped the asparagus elevated the dish to something you savored. Fans of steamed spinach will not want to miss out either. Being our anniversary we were comped a deliciously delicate tiramisu. Lastly, we ordered two espressos that came with cute rock candy stirrers. Rich coffee that put an excellent cap on a perfect dinning experience.For couples, I highly recommend asking for a booth, very intimate and worth the wait. Whether you are staying near the Fremont Experience or down on the Strip, Joe Vicari's Andiamo Italian Steakhouse is well worth a shot. It is as good at any high-end restaurant in one of the pricey hotels on the strip.
4	Enjoyed a great dinner here before our flight. Our server Loan was attentive and friendly, without being overbearing. We had the Osso Buco and the Papardelle. Both were outstanding. We were unable to try any of their steaks as my wife was pregnant and it would be a shame to order a well done steak! You would never expect a place like this to be in the hotel that it's in. Thanks Yelp for a great recommendation!
5	Man oh man! this place is awesome!! We wanted the perfect place for our friend bachelor party dinner!! Amazing dry aged steak with amazing sauces!! Bring your appetite I couldn't finish my meal. When I am back in vegas I will be coming back!!
4	First time trying Lobster Risotto and it was delicious!  Great service and great food!
4	This get is difficult to find but we'll worth the hunt. Tucked in the back of the D Hotel in downtown Las Vegas,  Joe Vicari's is an old school steak house with a contemporary feel. You enter through an exposed brick tunnel into a well appointed dining room,  with large booths along the edge of the dining area. If you make a reservation I would recommend of of the booths as they lend to a more private and intimate dinner. The wine list is sizable,  but no real standouts. The food is great. They do a table side caesar salad,  delicious,  but if you're a vampire skip this one. I had the lobster risotto it was awesome. The seafood pasta is enormous and tasty. The bread is fresh made and comes with an eggplant olive tapenade is deadly as well. If you're looking for a nice upscale dinner bear Fremont Joe's is worth checking out. SP
5	Leaps & bonds BETTER than Oscar's!!!SUCH A GREAT EXPERIENCE~ We DEFINATLY would and will return, since we live here!  Our bartender, Ali quite personable & knowledgable. I asked for a drink menu she said they do not have one however "I'll make you anything you want~" this is a very small bar /restaurant with lots of ambiance, no view but the food was really good, INCREDIABLE service~  Servers in White jackets, the manager also came by and checked in to see how everything was. All CLASS THRU & THRU! You won't be disappointed ~    THIS IS THE PLACE TO GO ON FREMONT ST!
5	Excellent service. Great Caesar salad. Veal paperdelle was fantastic. Can't say enough good things. Bobby Flay should come here and see what a real restaurant looks like.
5	This restaurant is a class act from top to bottom! My gf and I have ate here around 10 plus xxx, we have requested Carl as our server each time, he is great, never disappoints. Food and service are top notch, definitely my favorite steak house in Vegas! ---8 yr resident
5	Great food, great service. Well worth the money
5	This place is fantastic.  Great pasta, and the meatball appetizer was fantastic.  Service great.
4	After hearing stellar reviews about this restaurant as one of the top Steakhouse in Vegas, my friend Jordan and I decided to check this place out. It is located inside The D, downtown.The restaurant itself have a very nice atmosphere. We were sat in a tall, private, circular booth that would be ideal for a romantic date night. Our server was very attentive and helped assist in pairing a nice glass of red wine to our steak. For our appetizer, we had the beet salad (very sweet with yellow and red beets accompanied with a mayo drizzle) and the lobster risotto (not a fan- was bland and missing wine!).Our steak was cooked perfectly to order and seasoned nicely.Our server wheeled out the a tall tier of dessert after our main course and we were able to pick and choose instead of looking at a menu. Dessert was a light, flavorful, and decadent coconut cake with coconut shreds, whipped cream and whatever else I can't remember... It was heavenly and my favorite part of dinner.Overall this is a decent steakhouse(my favorite steakhouse will always be CUT) and very reasonably priced for the service that you receiveOur total bill came out to about $140 before tip for 2 glasses of wine, 2 appetizer, steak main course and dessert.
4	Amazing!!!! From the service to the food! This place was delicious! We were offered the eggplant tepenade with bread and good. We of course killed all of that and we thought we would try the sausage and peppers. Oommgggg we were told it was spicy buttttt it was way more then spicy. Our mouths were burning and we love spicy food. It was covered in some kind of sauce and that wasn't what was spicy it was the long soft cooked peppers. It was worth the heat! Ok so I'm a seafood fan and I went for the Fruitti de Mare (I think I said it right). Thin pasta covered with shrimp, calamari, oyster, clams. The boyfriend got a steak I'm not sure exactly what kind but it was cooked just right and even had crispy tips topped with friend onions. He also got a side of the potatoes covered with cooked onions, the potatoes were not as soft as we usual like them but were pretty good. Oh and they have him this sauce for his steak. Our waiter John was always checking up on using sure we had what we wanted and was very polite, assertive and hands down awesome! We enjoyed ourselves, and we were even the last ones to leave the resturant and never felt rushed!
5	Andiamo's was a most excellent experience the last time I was in Vegas...the ambience is perfect for a small to medium sized party...my party was 4 celebrating an anniversary and had come to the restaurant as my brother had been there before with great reviews...all of us were most pleased with the food...5 stars for the food and 6 stars for the experience..I must also add that the waiter Miguel truly made the service experience exceptionally memorable...I will return next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Dinner here to celebrate my wife's birthday. Restaurants on the Strip are super but...if you want a genuine and classic Italian dinner...come here.  Sea Bass!  Gnocchi!  Miguel is excellent waiter.
3	Food was average. Beautiful restaurant and setting, especially for Old Vegas. Not worth the drive from the strip.
5	Last time I was in D Casino it was Fitzgeralds and I was very unimpressed. So I was initially reserved when I heard about Andiamo Steakhouse. We were pleasantly surprised at how upgraded D Casino is over what it used to be. The atmosphere inside Andiamos was incredible. Very old Vegas feel to it despite only being there for a little over a year. Our waiter was very knowledgeable of the menu items and wine list. His experience working in high end restaurants was apparent. We ordered the "small" calamari, Caesars salad, & steaks. The calamari was anything but "small"! The portions were large enough for four people to share! The Caesars salad was made table side, with fresh dressing. Absolutely incredible! Since we didn't order pasta, they brought us a small dish of their homemade pasta prior to bringing out our entree' so we could see what we were missing! My mouth is watering thinking about how delicious it was! By the time our steaks arrived, we were both too full to eat them! I'd recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a reasonably priced meal in a great atmosphere!
4	Downtown Las Vegas doesn't have many nice restaurants. This would definitely qualify as that. The food was very good. They make a table side Caesar Salad that was excellent. It's $9 per person!  Three in our party ordered Chilean Sea Bass and thought it was great. Two ordered a pasta dish,Agnolotti. Excellent. We had a bottle of very good Malbac from Mendoza for $44. If you're downtown I highly recommend. My only negative was not with the food or waiter.  It is with the reservation system/hostess.  When I made the reservation I was asked table or booth. I said table since 3 out of he 5 in our party were left handed. The hostess asked the same question when we arrived. It took over 5 minutes to get a table ready. We were there at 5;30. It was not crowded. You have to stand in a tiny vestibule so people are unable to get in or out.  They might want to improve the system.
5	This place is amazing. Absolutely amazing. A fantastic, proper Italian restaurant. Gorgeous decor and ambiance, impeccable list of wines and spirits, and proper waiters who are knowledgeable and passionate about the food they offer. It's so rare nowadays to find restaurants that do legit tableside preparation of Caesar salad, and all of the food that myself and my fellow diners had was fantastic. I will definitely be making it a point to come here on any future trips to Vegas.
4	"The D" is a very interesting place. Use the valet service and go up the escalator to the restaurant..hard to find. Authentic Italian / steak place. Biggest martini I have ever had! Waiters in tux and had great service. Sit in a booth. The grilled portobello mushroom with char grilled beef tenderloin and zip sauce for a starter was over the top and huge ...so share. We had Italian dishes that were so homemade. If the steak in the starter is any indication of how good their aged meat is..wow! They are famous for their desserts. You would swear the the old Italian grandma was in the back making them. We had the tiramisu ....heaven. We will be back for just steak next time.
5	We celebrated my dad's 90th birthday here and the food and service was impeccable.  This place came highly recommended by some friends and they did not disappoint.  Our waiter was Miguel (who was also recommended) and he and his co-server "Blondie" were great. There were 14 of us and they handled our large group with care.  The steak was the best I've ever had and I know everyone else in our party enjoyed their meals, as well.  A great evening for a very special occasion.
4	We had a lovely dinner.  Was very pleased with the high level of service and perfectly seasoned and cooked dishes.  This is a great find and does not focus in flipping tables and getting guests in and out.  The only miss was lack if nice champagne or sparkling by the glass.  We like to start out meal with a nice glass of bubbles before moving into our red wine for the main part of the dinner.
5	I was impressed. The hi-life was the Caesar Salad. They make it right at your table and it was the best I've ever had. Everyone at our table raved about their food. I had the porterhouse and it was cooked to perfection. Very impressed with the staff.
5	One of the best meals I've ever had. Got a food high. Service was excellent, wonderful atmosphere. A great reason to go downtown.
4	We always enjoy going to downtown Vegas for a night while we're in Las Vegas. This was our first time at Andiamo's. The four of us at our table split the Calimari which was excellent. I had the Lobster Risotto and it was good but it was also very rich. Too rich for my wife. The wine list was pretty expensive but we were able to find a bottle for around $80 that was very good.The service was excellent. Our waiter was the best waiter that we had the entire trip and we were staying/eating at the Encore the other three nights.I would go to Andiamo's again.
5	Took my bf here for a treat. It was a fantastic meal. The setting was pretty small and a tiny bit cramped but nothing to really complain about. The service was exceptional! We ordered the steak and mushroom appetizer, fantastic. Had homemade fresh caesar salad, also fantastic. Then came the steak. Literally the best steak we have ever had. I don't mind splurging on pricey cuisine if the quality and value is there and this place was more than worth the bill. After desert and drinks included the final tab ran us about $200 after tip but I would most definitely return again for a lovely dining out experience.
5	Delicious!  Celebrated a special occasion here last night and it couldn't have been better. The service was friendly and knowledgeable. The Caesar salad was very tasty, and prepares tableside. My filet mignon was perfectly cooked and the zip sauce was really good. The atmosphere of the restaurant is really cool, too - lots of textures and design to feel like an old school steaks house with a modern update. This was a really great experience.
5	All of the previous reviews are very accurate- this is a phenomenal restaurant with wonderful decor and ambiance! It's perfect for a date, to celebrate a birthday/anniversary, a night out to catch up with friends, etc. I went during my last trip to Las Vegas to celebrate my best friend's birthday. He had previously been there and had nothing but wonderful things to say (went as far as saying it was one of the best meals he had ever had, so of course we had to try it)! We had to change our reservation multiple times (our plans kept changing due to a long hike, cab problems, etc) and the hosts were nothing but accommodating and understanding! The service was great! We were seated soon after arriving and were promptly greeted and the service throughout the meal was just as good. As far as drinks go, we didn't order any bottles of wine since we were going out after - ordered vodka drinks from the bar (hard to mess up- and were strong, so we were happy).The food was delicious! The complimentary bread/breadsticks and tapenade were flavorful and delicious! We started with the "Andiamo Grande Meatball" - super tender, with fresh tomato sauce and ricotta cheese - extremely delicious! We got the caesar salad - where they come with the cart and hand make it (everything! including the dressing) in front of you. It was awesome to watch and was delicious for the most part (I got a few chunks of anchovy - my friend didn't - which was unfortunate and ruined the rest of my plate for me - but still overall tasty). (My other friend got a house salad and enjoyed it)For the entree, I ordered the Roasted Chicken Breast (stuffed with ricotta, sundries tomatoes, and spinach) with a side of onions and mushrooms. The chicken was delicious - although I wished there was more of the stuffing - and the side was just okay. Not bad, but not as flavorful as I would have hoped. The birthday boy ordered the filet with a side of asparagus and loved everything about his meal and our other friend ordered the Agnolotti pasta and enjoyed it, as well.I let the waiter know that it was my friends birthday and they brought out a complimentary cake (rum cake? Not sure, but we could taste rum and it was absolutely delicious!!) They usually bring around a cart of desserts to choose from, which they didn't since they gave us the cake. I kind of wish they still did (I probably would have indulged in more), but it's probably a good thing they didn't! To end the meal, we ordered the espresso! Amazing!! It comes with a sugar rock candy on a stick that you can stir in the espresso and dissolve. Loved ending my meal with this!! Overall, great experience! I know my friend will be back since he lives there now, and I think it's highly likely that I will be back when I'm visiting!
5	My best friend and I chose Andiamo after much discussion as to where to dine in Vegas on our last night in town. I reluctantly agreed to eat here, even though I was hoping to eat at one of the Italian restaurants located in a swanky hotel on the Strip. I am soooooo glad that I listened to my dear friend and dined at Andiamo. The food? Fabulous! We are both Italian and very picky about the Italian food we eat. The service? Perfection! John waited on us and treated us like longtime friends of the family. Since our return to the LA area, we have recommended this restaurant to many friends and family. We will definitely be back next trip! We miss you John!!!!
4	We had the Orrocchtte Barese and Pappardelle with Veal Ragu. Both dishes were ok. Feel like they could be altered a bit to taste more gourmet. They did lack some flavor. For the $$$, you'd expect something spectacular in a pasta dish. Wish we would've read through more of the reviews before heading out here because it seems as though their steaks are a must, and we were really craving Italian last night. The atmosphere was absolutely beautiful so I would love to return and try something other than the pastas. All in all the service was good and we had a great time!
4	Grande meatball.Pappardelle.Tomahawk.The above is the minimum you should order if you are with 2 or more people. Or if you have an appetite like mine...Andiamo is casual, yet you should really put on some pants and a nice collared shirt for this place. You'll get the same great service if you come in wearing flip flops, T-shirt and shorts as you would wearing a suit, so no excuses to not dine here!Been to Andiamo at least 6 or 7 times now and it is my favorite restaurant in downtown Las Vegas.
4	Great dinning experience all the way around, we had a 27 year veteran waiter, "Hugo", he was fantastic.The food was amazing the price point on Yelp was a bit off, but that's fine. Our group of four ate a great meal for around $320 including tip and a bottle of wine.I would say this is an adult place, no little kids or you ruin the dinning for the rest of the customers, very classy and romantic experience that would be spoiled by the antics of small children, I know I raised three kids.  The food would be wasted on them anyway.
5	Last night we dined at Hugo's.  This is a completely different level.  Refined staff and surroundings.  The food may be comparable, but everything else, this is absolutely superior for the money.
4	We had stayed in Vegas for two nights and were set on Italian food. Not far away from the strip, but you still have to drive.  We made reservations and changed them multiple times, but the online reservation system worked flawlessly.Delicious food, the filet mignon melted in my mouth. Great service! The server brought us complimentary pasta! Can't complain about anything. I would definitely come back again.
5	Ambiance is wonderful..Service impeccable!We weren't completely thrilled with our table, we were seated at the back at a very small table. (We did make last minute reservations on a Saturday night)The manager came over to offer us a new table, but we would have to change servers. Our waiter 'Ioan' had already impressed and charmed us to the point we decided to stick it out with this little table in the back.It was a wonderful evening!Wine was beautiful, an excellent red blend, Stags Leap Hands. The presentation and serving of the wine was fabulous. The carafe was beautiful and Ioan our server has wonderful wine knowledge without being even a little bit stuffy or uppity.Food was excellent!!!We had the giant meatball appetizer......absolutely delicious!My husband had the Osso Bucco and I had the Agnolotti. Both Entrees were FABULOUS!Osso Bucco was huge, tender, meaty and not fatty. Serviced with a wonderful tomato sauce over linguine. Agnolotti was also absolutely delicious! Homemade pasta stuffed with pork and beef, with an amazing pink tomato basil sauce.The entrees were so large, we finished off the left overs the next day for lunch and enjoyed them as much as we had the night before!
5	We ate here yesterday and it was the BEST Italian food we have ever had! It was so good, we went back today and recommended it to a couple on the way back to the Venetian.
5	Dinner was awesome!! Although walking through the casino gave me some doubt...once inside,talk about old school awesome steakhouse. we had fresh foccacia bread with eggplant olive tepanade shrimp cocktail with great cocktail sauce, pasta to die for (house made) grilled tomahawk rib eye steak and roasted potatoes with onions..followed by tiramisu and capachino coffee. Service was spot on,dishes arrived like clockwork with thoughtful pacing in between.super meal.would go there again!
5	Exceptional.   Great service and love the homemade pasta.  Everything is top quality and you can tell.
5	This place is a secret gem within The D casino on Fremont street. My family and I always prefer to stay downtown to get our gamble on (we go 2-3 times a year, every year.) I've developed a fondness for The D and they treat me really well in order to keep me coming back... if you know what I mean. Anyway, during my last trip my mom, aunt and I came here to use some of our comps and were blown away!! We generally always did a buffet or diner and hadn't come here since it was open, but we actually went two nights in a row!We actually made our meal out of salads and appetizers and couldn't have been happier. YUM YUM YUM!!!Wedge salad, beet salad, lobster penne, sirloin tips, portobella mushrooms, huge meatball... all of it so delicious!!Highly recommend if you are looking for a nice place downtown. We have talked about the wedge salad multple times since visiting and can't wait until we head back again next month.
5	I'm going to go ahead and give this five stars.I've dined here twice and the food and service were excellent both times.  I've got to say that Vicari's is the best restaurant on Fremont Street.The ambiance really stands out here.  Try to get a booth if you can.  The booths are very high and are in a semicircle, so it almost seems like you're dining all by yourself.  Really nice.The steaks are very good, but the pasta really stands out.  The agnolotti and tortellaci were my favorites.  The osso buco was merely average, I'm sorry to say.The service is impeccable.  Both John and Miguel were just fabulous.And try the Andiamo Grande Meatball...it's worth it!
2	So very disappointed by the food here.  The ambiance was classy, quiet and sophisticated.  The service by our waiter and his supporting cast members was top notch.  Refills frequent, unobtrusive plate clearing and prompt bill delivery all made the experience above average on the service front.The food.  Meh.  Not even on par with the chain steakhouses.  We had a party of seven and were seated promptly at the time of our reservation.  Two of us started with the Caesar salad, to be prepared table side.  We were in an alcove, with a very large party just outside, so our waiter explained, when delivering the salads, that the table side preparation wasn't possible due to the space constraints.  Salad was huge romaine leaves, sharp, pungent shreds of Parmesan cheese and a very bland dressing, devoid of any identifiable flavors.Two in our party ordered the roast chcken, which was served in a red wine sage sauce, which they reported to be delish.  The chicken, however, was overcooked, dry and flavorless.  Disappointment for both.Hubby just got the oysters on the half-shell appetizer as he wasn't that hungry.  Said they were ok; however, later that night he appeared to have gotten food poisoning and was ill the next 24 hours.  Not sure where it came from, but this is a possibility.Two in our party ordered the filet mignon, with zip sauce.  No idea what is in the zip sauce but it added nothing to the flavor.  For $39 it was not something that was amazing enough to order again.  I opted for the chopped steak, with zip sauce.  I normally don't expect a huge "meat eating steak experience" when ordering this entree, and that's what I got.  There was pieces of gristle ground into the patty, and once I encountered two or three, I was done....grossed out and done!Can't remember what the last person ordered, but again, it was unremarkable.As we were with several guests we had never met, I was not comfortable sharing our disappointment with the manager as we left.  I intended to email my concerns upon my return; however, I cannot locate a contact email address for this establishment.If you are looking for a semi-fancy, relaxed pace dining experience, this place delivers.  If you desire an above average culinary experience, make another choice.
1	Very disappointed.  Anniversary dinner for two, seated us 1/2 hour late even w/ a reservation.  On first look, the atmosphere seems great.  Then they sat us along a back wall that had chunks of dried food stuck on it.  Gross.  Waited and waited for service.  Waiter was clearly busy trying to impress a large table next to us.  Steak was lousy.  Overcooked and tough.  Not nearly the food or service this place tries to project.  Too bad, wanted to like it cause D casino and hotel seem nice...fresh yet retro.  Might try the D hotel next time in town...just not the D Steakhouse.
5	Had dinner here December 21 and it was amazing. Worth the trip from the strip. Old Vegas. I wore a Tatyana dress, lucite purse and heels. I swore any minute I'd see Dino or Frank. Old style Vegas at its best.      We were seated in a round leather booth table and Todd was our waiter. He was awesome, we had martinis that were perfect, we ordered the tomahawk steak along with spinach, it was cooked to order and served tableside. It melted in our mouths. The dessert was a cheesecake with liquor masserated berries. Yummy doesn't describe it. I would go back for the steak and Todd again anytime.     If you want delicious food. Wonderful atmosphere and the. Eggs from an era gone by. This is the place. Not old stuffy. Cool vintage and the casino downstairs has dealers and go go dancers. Just wow!!!!
