5	Decided to stay at the Ritz when i visited Charlotte this weekend.  This place is very well run.  The staff are friendly, the service top notch and the location excellent.  I had mentioned to the agent when booking that my fiance and I were in town to look at wedding venues etc.  Every staff person congratulated us on our engagement, the staff also let a gift in our room and offered to show us the options at the Ritz for weddings.  Nice touch.  Hotel is brand new and the rooms are amazing - marble bathroom, tv in the mirror, roomy and very comfy beds!If you come to Charlotte consider a stay here.
5	The Ritz is known.. well for being the Ritz. The name pretty much says it all, superstar service, creature comforts, all that one could ask for when traveling. From the moment you check in you will be known,  you will be greeted and it feels like they really do want to remember your name.  Service for me was exceptional, Jim gave me a tour of my rooms amenities as well as the hotels, Court took great care of the cars we had in Valet, and In-Room dining food was delicious. Especially, when my party and I were able to order dinner & drinks 14 floors up, from the Aqua Lounge Menu. After doing some laps in the pool we felt we deserved it. I hope everyone at the Ritz-Carlton knows how much I enjoyed my stay. **I never did get to ask if they do some kind of aromatherapy in the rooms but I swear, every time I picked up the phone in my room I smelled fresh cut cedar**
5	Stayed here New Year's Eve, and even though it's only been open a few months, it's already incredibly solid in every respect. The lobby can best be described as sleek and contemporary, even though those words are probably overused to describe hotel lobbies. I liked the mix of backlit abstract drawings and large photographs decorating the lobby walls. The lobby lounge is wonderfully comfortable, with a very nice southern-influenced snack menu. The pulled pork in corn biscuits with sweet potato fries is an amazing dish. They serve cocktails most of the day, which are kind of pricey but you can't beat the ambiance. BLT Steak [see separate review] made me a little nervous, since I'd read mixed things. But they came through on New Year's Eve, even though it was packed, with a fine meal and very good service. The rooms are spacious [500+ square feet] with nice design elements like textured carpets with pale blue and green patterning and tons of storage space in the double wardrobe. The wall art is unusual as well, like a large photograph of an antique doorknob done on an angle, casting a shadow. Lots of interesting details--it definitely doesn't look like the same old hotel room you've seen a million times. The bathroom also has a layout I'd never seen before, with the sinks immediately inside the door with the WC behind the sink wall and the shower and tub to the left. Minor quibble would be that the water pressure in the sink and the shower is a shade less than I would like. Don't know if this has anything to do with the requirements for the hotel's LEED certification. The minibars only have water and sodas, but there's room to add things if you want. The corkscrews are pitiful, so bring your own if you need one. Even though the hotel was full, the hallways were quiet--the building is eighteen floors tall but only has 140-some rooms, so there aren't many rooms on each floor. The top floor has a superb fitness center--two rooms, with plenty of machines [overlooking the city] and ample weight machines. There's also a separate cycling studio and a movement studio. Next door is a large indoor heated pool, which was plenty warm. There's also a hot tub in one corner. There's enough room for probably twenty people in the seating areas. You can order food and drinks through room service to be delivered to the pool. The location is convenient to everything in Uptown Charlotte. There are literally dozens of restaurant choices in all price ranges within a ten minute walk should you want to venture out of the hotel. Many have complained about the noise from Epicenter, but as it was New Year's Eve, we were up late anyway, and didn't have a problem. I could see it might be a consideration if you needed an early night. Service everywhere was efficient and polished. If you want to contrast this modern luxury hotel with something old-school, the Dunhill is a couple of blocks away and has a gracious, classic lobby bar.
4	This is a review of the Lounge area only* We came in last night and pulled up four chairs in a corner spot the cocktail waitress started off slow but she was very nice and by the end was great!! We had just come from dinner so no food only alcohol!! But they had a drink special that was Grey Goose with Chambord and fresh Lemonade.....Really Really Good they were garnished with fresh Melon. They had live music and the crowd was large. We had a great time and picked on some bar snacks that they brought over. The bill came and as we had expected it wasn't cheap in fact it was just as much as the dinner we just had!! Oh well they were good and it was a nice time!
5	This Ritz Carlton is perfect! They are making our business conference a nice experience.
5	I'm a big advocate of the Ritz Carlton chain of hotels and as usual this location does not let you down...if you're able to spend the night...do your best to spend a bit more and get a suite....some great new technology awaits you in your room.If you've traveled other locations you'll quickly realize that this hotel has one of the smaller lobbies of all locations....especially in the evening when they create seating for dinner parties.The hotel bar is very small, but always seems to spark up some excitement.Its located in the heart of Charlotte and is walking distance to many attractions.  If you're looking for fun and excitement the hotel is directly across from the Epicenter which houses many bars and restaurants for your enjoyment.
4	This might be the most luxurious hotel I've ever stayed in.Nice touches:  Nearly every object seems to have a special dish, platform, or platter to rest on.  The remote control for the T.V. is in a small leather box.  The plate of complimentary cookies (which I had to hide in the closet to avoid devouring) came on a little leather platform.  The newspaper came in a dignified black bag.  And so on.  Absurdities:  There was a television screen inset into the bathroom mirror.Minor annoyances:  They called the room at 7 pm, an hour after I'd checked in, to see if I needed anything.  At 8:15 the following morning, a woman banged on my door repeatedly to see if I was still in, but didn't actually ask for anything.The Ritz really does seem nicer than comparable hotels, although their service currently comes on a little strong.[N.B.: This didn't affect me, but it might be very important of you to know that rooms with odd numbers in the hotel face some sort of a club that plays loud music late into the night.  You can hear it from your room.  I gather that this is a frequent problem, because guests were complaining about it in the lobby they day I checked in, and my room had a white noise machine, which I take as a tacit admission of guilt.  I was able to sleep through it just fine, but you may not be.  Check with them about this when you make your reservation.]
5	Did the New Years Eve thing here. Ringing in 2011. We ate at BLT had some drinks at the Lobby bar and tried out the new bar upstairs "Urban Sip" - Awesome! I love the Ritz. They are pricey but for good reason. They give you the 5 Star treatment. About the only thing I can say was a miss was that it took them 2 hours to bring up our bags. It was NYE so I didn't care we were keeping ourselves entertained. The rooms are spacious and the bathroom is Amazing. I love the glass shower huge soaking tub. They have a beautiful pool, spa and workout facility and they even have a meditation/yoga room. I love staying here. The Ritz is always a class act.
5	I had a very nice dinner over the weekend at BLT Steak for a great birthday celebration. I had a glass of merlot with my steak dinner then went to the bar to order a lemon drop martini. Left the BLT Steak with a martini in hand to the Ritz lobby to meet some more friends for more drinks, then to find out BLT Steak and Ritz lobby bar are not the same company. Anyhow...carry on. I love to meet friends at the Ritz lobby for live entertainment and their awesome martinis. The lobby is very alive, full of energy and a classy place to hang out or celebrate with your friends or a date. The atmosphere, the decor, the location are unbeatable. The service is impeccable.
5	Have held and attended several events at The Ritz-Carlton and have never...ever...been disappointed. The service is impeccable and the location and amenities are top notch. While pricey, the price is worth every penny in terms of the experience guests and attendees of events receive. The BLT Steak restaurant and Lobby Lounge are perfect dichotomies to the epicentre  The staff is exceptional, easy to work with and they have a top notch business and management team. You will not be disappointed!
5	I'm a big fan of nice hotels and when deciding in Charlotte where to stay nothing comes close to the Ritz.  The Westin is nice but the expansive lobby leaves it with a cold, museum like feeling, where as the Ritz is decked out with warm wood paneling interior, great decorative lighting and smaller layout that gives me that cozy....I'm home feeling.The hotel rooms are absolutely fantastic and they do all the small things that separate them from the rest of the pack...opening doors, personalized card in the room with tomorrow's weather forecast and my favorite feature....TV's in the bathroom mirror! YES!I just recently was here enjoying some time after dinner in their lounge and was extremely impressed! I love the fact they have cocktail waitress that take care of you even if you are remote to the bar at the couches.  Bar bites are complimentary and all the waitress seemed to be very friendly and prompt.  I could certainly see me as a frequent visitor of their lounge.  Lighting is perfect, elegant and subtle giving me one of the most relaxed vibes ever.  Love it :)Also, the location is convenient to nearly everything uptown so that's a bonus.
5	It's the Ritz.  If you are looking at Yelp for a Ritz review chances are you'll be overwhelmed by the experience.
5	I've stayed in the top hotels all over Uptown Charlotte, and none of them compare to the Ritz when it comes to quality, rooms, service, vibe, food, location, etc... It's heads and shoulders above the competition and by far the choice for someone looking for the best. The rooms are good sized and the beds are some of the best I've slept in. The service is top notch, as you'd expect from The Ritz. The location is in the center of everything. The lobby is always bustling with people and energy, especially in the evening, the in-room dining is excellent.The ONLY negative I could imagine someone coming up with is the noise if your room faces the Epicenter, but the sound machine has always been the answer for us in that regard.Also, if you're a Platinum or Centurion cardholder with AMEX, they offer a great deal. If you book through AMEX, you receive a room upgrade at check-in, if available, $100 food and beverage credit and free in-room breakfast. Brilliant!
5	Like all Ritz Carlton locations, what makes this place is the staff and ultra luxe decor. Aiming to please any business clients, private event hosts, and hotel guests, from the valet to security to maintenance and banquet staff are above and beyond. This location is a full diamond hotel within 1 year of opening and probably attributed to their interal motto: "Ladies and Gentlemen serving Ladies and Gentlemen".The lobby is the perfect setting for a luxurious, well cared for stay in our city - amazing restaurant, cool lounge vibe every night of the week, and helpful staff everywhere you turn.The second floor ballrooms and event spaces are beautiful decked out with luxurious carpeting, high end chandeliers and sitting areas, and a bathroom that makes you anxious to come back and visit it since it's so nice! Queue the marble floors, velvet chairs, and high end linens.This is a must-see if you're in the Uptown area, a must-stay if you've got the cash and want to have an unforgettable stay, and a must-check-out if you're thinking of hosting an event Uptown!
5	This is probably the most beautiful Ritz carlton I have stayed.  I have stayed in quite a few - but this design is very handsome city savvy.  The lobby is a great place to share a drink and stories with someone and the room I stayed in was like a penthouse, the only think missing was a kitchen.  Check out the television that appears in the mirror while you are shaving or brushing your teeth.  And how about that italian expresso machine in the lobby area of the room.  Amazing.
5	**This is a review just for the bar areas**  Unfortunately, I haven't had a chance to stay here just yet because I live about 3 blocks away.  Other than that, the bar area is super fine.  We love capping our night off after going out on 5th or the Epicentre with a comfy classy and somewhat expensive trip to the Ritz.  On Fridays, they have live music that is simply superb.  We made our way up to the 15th floor bar also and that has a really nice setup with an excellent view of the city.  Supposedly the Urban Gardens a few floors up is an excellent spot, too.  I would absolutely suggest dressing up and making a stop here for some excitement.  They are usually busy and have excellent service.  Hey, it's the Ritz!  5 Stars!!  What else did you expect??   Enjoy!!-Ian M.-
5	So I've stayed at Four Seasons and other hotels that are similiar before and I have to admit that my stay at this one was extremely enjoyable.When I pulled up to the Valet Parking area the employee had apparently already radioed ahead that I was arriving to the front desk.  So after having the doors held open for me and my guest by the staff and my baggage taken to my room for me.  The receptionist at the front desk already had my paperwork started and greeted me by name.  At that point another employee came around the corner with two glasses of Champagne for me and my guest.   If that isn't service... then I don't know what is.Overall style:  The style was fancy and modern with the floors being a polished marble I believe and a dark wood making up the desks etc.  It is connected to the BLT restuarant and lounge which is really nice.  Last year I stayed there I seen Shaquille O'Neil when he was filming "VS" racing against Dale Earnhardt junior, I believe.  Look of the rooms:The rooms are equally as nice with his and her closets which include robes and house slippers and a safe.  Flatscreen television, of course.  However, in the bathroom as well imbedded behind the mirror is a smaller t.v. that appears when you hit the power button on the controller.  The bathrooms are marble with a large jacuzzi style tub and seperate shower and seperate alcove for the toilet as well.  His and hers sinks.   There is not only a coffee maker in the room but an expresso maker as well.   Ammenities:There is an extremely nice gym on the higher levels that has about ten new treadmills as well as new workout equipment including free weights.  Normal water bottles are free as well as cucumber flavored water.  Cooled towlettes with a hint of euclyptus are also there.   For the rooms located towards the "epicenter" which is filled with restuarants and a couple of nightclubs, you will have a switch by the bed that will typically dampen the sound coming from outside of the room.   The pool on the top floor is amazing and well kept as is the spa.   Comments: If you are going to a restuarant on a busy night I would recommend having the gentleman at the front desk call and get reservations for you.   The hotel is directly across the street from the epicenter - so there is plenty to do.  And its close to all of the financial hubs in the city.
5	Great, great, great!...they know you by name after the first 2 hours of being there. This location is a little pricier than alot of Ritz carltons, but its pretty new - so its worth it. Wish i could just live there! lol.
5	This review is for the Lobby Lounge only:We walked here for drinks after dinner with some friends.  The bar was busy but not over-crowded at 11:30pm.  They had live music that was a tad loud for my taste but she stopped by midnight.  We gathered around a table and were quickly greeted by a lovely young lady who took our drink order.  I asked for something non-alcoholic and she was very helpful.  I ended up with a "black and blue mojito" that was really good!  She kept us well-watered for about 2 hours, had a great personality and was still smiling and thanking us for coming in when we left.  That impresses me, especially with the late hour.  This would be a great place to grab a drink after a Checkers game or other event, or even just after dinner.  Maybe next time we'll make it up to the bar on the 15th floor.
5	Do you like things that are awesome? Oh, you do? Then the Ritz-Carlton Charlotte is the place for you.I got "tricked" into staying at the Ritz, and boy am I glad I did. I was under the impression I was going on a surprise trip out of town, but was pleasantly surprised when we pulled into the valet station at the Ritz for a "staycation" instead. From the moment you hand your keys to the valet, you are in wonderful hands. I actually left my cell phone on the center console of our car and the valet brought it in to me, correctly assuming I had accidentally forgotten it. I can't imagine any other hotel that would do that for you, really blew my socks off.My fiance (as of that weekend!) opted for the early check-in option, but unfortunately our room was not quite ready. I guess this could be considered a negative, but it just gave us an opportunity to check out the lobby bar and have a drink. The service there was also phenomenal and the ambiance was beautiful. Once our room was ready, the front desk attendant came and found us to bring our key and let us know that the room was ready. Once we arrived at the room, my socks were further removed by awesomeness, when I realized once I saw the doorbell, that we were in a suite. And a beautiful one at that. The furnishings and decorations were, of course, fabulous, and the linens and towels were delightful. Unlike most moderately priced hotels, the linens were of a sufficiently high tread count that I felt like I was home. The pillows were also very nice and fluffy. The bed was very comfortable, not too hard and not too soft. The bathrooms in the suite were fantastic and very clean. The bellhop and room attendant were also very nice and friendly. Unfortunately, we didn't have enough time to see the pool before the morning when we were checking out, but it is lovely and overlooks the city. Great ambiance with soothing music and an overall calming atmosphere.My experience at the Ritz-Carlton was fantastic and we will definitely return. Although it did seem a bit like a cult at first (you know, with everyone wearing the same perfectly pressed black shift dress or vest and bow-tie), the service is unmatched and the hotel itself is beautiful. Highly recommended for the weary traveler or the Charlottean looking for a special "Staycation". Also, a great place to get engaged. :)
5	"There is a reason why the Ritz is the Ritz"The service here is outstanding, from the valet, to the doorman, the check-in man, the bell hop.  The rooms are plush and luxurious.  It is one of the few hotels I hate leaving.  Glad this place is in my home town and it makes a great weekend "stay-cation"  the bar area is pretty hip and has a good mix of people that drink here.  I love the fire in the walls too.
5	I was lucky enough to get a night stay in deluxe accommodations for a charity raffle, and we decided to stay here for our anniversary. We entered the lobby and was pleased to see more art in it than the Bechtler Museum. We checked in and the service was impeccable.  The room was nicely appointed, with lots of nice wood case goods and lit armoires with full length mirrors. High thread count sheets, but to be honest, I've stayed in much nicer rooms from a design perspective....UNTIL we opened the doors to the bathroom. Talk about putting on the Ritz. Holy shmoley, that was the nicest bathroom I've seen in a hotel room that wasn't a major suite. Nice tile work, a TV built into the mirror, a mirror in the shower, full length deep soaking tub (HALLELUJAH!) And they even called to leave a message to see if it was up to standards!! Hotels often lose me on crappy bathrooms, so the extra effort was not lost on me. The Aqua Lounge was a large pool deck around a really nice infinity pool on the 17th floor so wonderful skyline views of the city. You can order drinks/food there during the day and they have chilled cucumber-infused towelettes for you. In addition, throughout the hotel they provide free water, either bottles or fruit-infused water in the impressive fitness center or the Aqua Lounge. Unfortunately we did not test out the spa, but the other amenities were great. They provide free wifi in the lobby too.We had another interaction that provided over-the-top service to us, which was especially impressive given that I'm certain they could see we were a charity case :)  Needless to say, this was by far the best service I've ever received above Waldorf-Astoria, Intercontinental, etc... It's worth every penny. My only note- I had not visited the Lobby Bar yet and from the reviews from Yelp and friends, I honestly expected it to be swankier or more high-design. Bottom line: Agree with Carrie- a great Staycation place!
4	The Ritz hotel as a whole deserves 5 stars.  It is gorgeous!!  It has such a classy feel and they make you feel like a movie star from the moment you valet your car.  This review is about the Spa, however.I have been to another Ritz spa so I had a taste of what to expect.  From the moment I entered the spa area we were greeted by very poised, professional spa coordinators behind the desk.  I was very impressed with their overall presentation and they really set the tone for the whole spa experience.  They asked me to grab a rock from a bowl of smooth rocks that each had a descriptive word marked on them.  They said to choose the rock that best describes the reason for your visit.  They had words like relax, celebrate, quiet, peace, etc.  Truthfully, I could have grabbed one of each but I thought it was a nice idea.  We were told to give this rock to the massage therapist so they could ensure we had the experience desired.We were given the quick tour and quickly robed up while waiting for the therapist....HERE's WHERE I HAD SOME ISSUES....The "relaxation room" was actually 3 separate areas that were placed by the windows horizontally but still in the locker area.  So there was absolutely nothing relaxing about them.  You could only fit 1 or max 3 people in each relaxing area and just the overall setup was awkward and uncomfortable.  They offered water and tea and and apple.  That was it.  For the price you pay, the relaxation room should be dimly lit and the snacks should be significantly better.  I didn't like the fact that I could see/hear others drying their hair while I was supposed to be "relaxing."Next up...the therapist and the massage.  We indicated that we didn't have a preference what gender the therapist was so they gave us Mr. Rogers.  I don't know why I expected Fabio, but that's beside the point.  He was very soft spoken and a little creepy to be honest.  He was professional so I don't want to be mean but he just made me a little uncomfortable.  The room was cold, not dark enough and the music was not loud enough.  The odd thing is that there was NO aroma either.  I didn't get an aromatherapy massage per se but how can a spa have no scent?  It didn't.  The room was small and the bed was right by the door so my head was facing the door...so yes, I heard people walking around outside.  His hands were so soft they felt like pillows.  I was so cold.  It was not a good experience overall.When he was done, he asked if I would like water....but isn't that like essential after you get a massage?  My friend and I proceeded upstairs to try and continue our relaxing by the indoor pool.  I thought it was awesome that they had some snacks and a little poolside bar.  The bartender was very nice and the lounge chairs were very comfortable.  The issue came in when others staying at the hotel came in to swim with their families of 4 and 5 kids.  Little kids were splashing around in the hot tub and pool which just grossed me out.  The spa area should not be open to children and/or guests.  They should have a separate area for that.  Once again, the kids splashing around made for an unrelaxing visit.I know plenty of people would disagree with me but I did not have the best experience.  I expected MUCH more for the amount they charge.  I should have left feeling like putty, but I actually left more stressed out.  I have had a better experience at Massage Envy.  I may have caught them on a bad day but there are some things...the relaxation room, the massage rooms, the pool that just are what they are.
5	A five-star hotel that deserves five stars!  I visited the Ritz-Carlton for an event and was not disappointed.  The facilities were fabulous and the staff was on point.  I would love to have an event at the Ritz but I would need a corporate sponsor to pay the bill as I know it costs a pretty penny to stay or have an event at the Ritz.  The tea and biscuits served at the Girl Talk Empowerment Tea were visually pleasing and physically fulfilling.  We also had tea biscuit desserts but I didn't care for them.  The Ritz-Carlton is definitely the type of hotel I would love to stay in every time I leave home.  Unfortunately, they are not located everywhere and the price is pretty steep.  However, I know from experience that you get what you pay for and that's a lot!
5	The Spa is gorgeous. Husband and I got a couples massage. The only thing I didnt like was there as a TV in the relaxation area. The View does not relax me.But they still get 5 stars for the pool-side service and excellent spa.They serve ice cream in the lobby just because. Staff is gracious and attentive. Its the Ritz, baby!
5	I stayed at the Ritz for a week during my travel to Charlotte for work. It is one of the nicest hotels I've stayed at. The service was impeccable, it is conveniently located in uptown so that I was able to walk to work in five minutes and was surrounded by lots of things to do after work. The room was decorated nicely and the bed and pillows was oh so comfortable. They provide you with all the necessities that you may have forgotten to pack in your luggage. They have your typical soaps, lotion, shampoo and conditioner but they also give you a nail file, shoe shine, brush, and some other things I cannot remember off the top of my head. Even though my company paid for all my meals and snacks, the restaurants were a bit pricey for my taste. The only thing that I couldn't say no to were the desserts at Bar Cocoa. I had to pick something new up almost every night. I hope to be able to stay here again on my next business trip.
4	its a ritz, so that should tell you what to expect, its also brand new, so its not like an old ritz. the lobby bartenders make an unreal manhattan, but the bar does get pretty busy on weekend nights which can make it kind of annoying. BLT steak is in the hotel as well which is pretty decent and ive heard good things about the chocolate bar there. yes, a chocolate bar.
4	Sleek and modern bar area on the first floor. All the extras you come to expect at the Ritz.  Was there for DNC and boy was this place jammed, so it was a bit too crowded.  In fact after a cocktail we decided to search for a quieter watering hole.  But don't get me wrong, still a great bar.  Also I love the showcases that Ritz properties place in various areas of their properties.  Jason of Beverly Hills was displayed in two of the cases.  Not my style, but it didn't stop me from gawking for a minute.
5	At this price point, one expects a certain level of quality, luxury and service. The Ritz-Carlton does not disappoint.!My better half and I checked in for a "staycation" weekend to enjoy afternoon tea and a bit of pampering. The hotel staff were simply unbelievable and nothing was too much effort (making dinner reservations / personalized attention and a birthday surprise to top it all). A huge THANK YOU to Mark and Philip (?) for making this so memorable.I highly recommend the Ritz-Carlton. Again, the luxury was turned up to 10 while the service took it to 11.
5	Nice...really nice.
5	It's always such a pleasure to spend any time at a Ritz-Carlton and this was my first occasion to stay at our hometown version of the swank chain.  My wife and I spent this past Friday night at the Charlotte Ritz for a quick Bday weekend getaway.  It's just so nice that by the time you hit the front door, everyone is already welcoming you by name thanks to the valet guy and his trusty headset.  Pampered best describes the experience.  From the lighting and furnishings in the lobby/bar area to the wood paneled elevators and immaculately appointed rooms.  Everything is just amazing.  The extra feather pillows I requested, check.  Extra towels, check.  Not a trick was missed.Even leaving to drive away is a great experience.  Car is there when you call for it and they leave you a gift of a small bag of house made caramel corn with a nice note, wishing you a safe drive home, tied to it with a ribbon.  And yes... The caramel corn was awesome as well!
4	Bottom line at the top: lovely three course brunch, except for the desserts from bar cocoa.--Came here for bruch on Saturday after the family had some biznesss in Charlotte. You have a choice of a starter, main, dessert, and tea or coffee.We basically all ordered the tuna tacos, but one person had the Caesar salad and another had the fruit platter with honey yogurt. The tuna tacos are very small, like VERY small but still good. The menu said that they come with avocado foam but it was actually more of a cream. The caesar was very good and came with a nice crisp that had black olives in it. The fruit platter had strawberries, watermelon balls, blueberries, thinly sliced mango, papaya, kiwi, honeydew, and canteloupe and the yogurt was really great.Entrees our family had included the short rib sandwich with Parmesan fries, crab cake egg Benedict, steak frites, the burger, etc. the Parmesan fries are nothing to write home about, definitely way too thick for my liking. The crab cake Benedict was excellent. At this point everyone was completely stuffed, so they give you the option of getting dessert to go. We definitely considered getting some rooms so we could take a nap hahaha. Nonetheless I had a jasmine tea which was really great and my dad had a cappuccino which was fine.Dessert from bar cocoa was really bad, it's definitely time for a new pastry chef..otherwise everything was great!
3	Here for a work Christmas party.  The staff was really attentive to our needs and was will to make adjustments to make sure it was what we wanted. The drinks were very pricey, but they were good. The food was just okay; although presentation for the good was great! The banquet room was a little small but overall nice. I had a good time.
5	My husband surprised me with a night at the Ritz, and let me tell you, it was beyond amazing!We called the hotel directly to request a bed and breakfast package and asked if there were any local incentives.  This is a great tip, by the way.  If you are staying in a local hotel, make sure you mention it.  Many upscale hotels have these deals, from their perspective, you're just a local advertisement for them!We checked in around 7:30pm and were greeted very warmly.  We also requested to be on the highest floor our rate would allow.  We ended up on the 12th floor with a great view.  Due to a little hiccup in registration, the front desk sent up a bottle of Prosseco for us.  Such a lovely surprise!  We ate at BLT and enjoyed impeccable service and delicious food.  Absolutely everything we could have thought of was already there to make our stay enjoyable.  The next morning we had complimentary full breakfast in our room and it was delicious.  The local paper was delivered, the bathrobes were soft and fluffy, the bed was like sleeping on a cloud and every single staff member was warm and professional.  The price tag was definitely a splurge, even with a local incentive, but well worth it.  In my opinion, we got way more for our money.  The Lobby Lounge is still a very nice place for a drink after dinner, as this hotel knows how to incorporate themselves well with the local scene.  Go, for any reason, or for none at all.  You won't be disappointed.
2	Have stayed here many times and absolutely loved it,but the person who booked our stay in Charlotte this time picked the Marriott.  Couldn't wait to go to The Ritz bar for a drink and enjoy the great service.  Post-Bobcat game crowd made it impossible.  BLT steakhouse made it possible with great service! On visiting the Ladies restroom, which is part of The Ritz area, it was in horrific shape, totally trashed and no toilet paper.  I went to give the front desk with an FYI, expecting great Ritz type service, but they copped an attitude saying over 400 people had come through in two hours.  Does that mean the Ritz is not prepared and can't provide enough toilet paper on game days?  I told the front desk this was surprising for the Ritz and got a very snippy "I'm sorry" and another excuse that it was game day people.  Guess this is the new Marriott ownership seeping through to the sold Ritz!  Too bad.  Charlotte has hit a new low.
5	Love love love Holiday Tea shindig at the Ritz. Had a lovely time with my hubby - just having tea and ordered the Royal Tea that included champagne.Service - wonderfully attended by Pia, our waitressFood/Snack - deliciously made and satisfyingTea - fresh and authentically made by JingVenue - lovely seated by the windows that oversees the epicenter and city of Charlotte downtown
5	There is a reason that Ritz Carltons have such great reputations-- they have THE BEST customer service. Expensive, yes, but you truly get what you pay for. Worth every penny.
1	Terrible customer service. They gave my room away because my flight was delayed and I showed up late. I had previously asked for late check-in and thought I would be ok. They then charged me one night stay, because I showed up at 10pm on the day of check in. Very unaccommodating. I will not try to stay here ever again.
1	Terrible customer service tonight. Unaccommodating staff.
5	I am reviewing the lobby bar here. I met some people here for drinks and we loved it- really great service (as you would expect from Ritz Carlton) and lots of places to chill out.. sofas and comfortable chairs..  drinks were awesome too!
5	The best experience at a hotel EVER. Came here for Valentines day. Their staff is so so friendly and professional, they know how to treat a customer! Greeted every step of the way, especially when they called me the Mrs. when Im not... yet ;)  walked into our room and they placed the dozen red roses my boyfriend had ordered on the office table. It was a florist they referred to my bf. Their rooms are just lovely, spacious, and their restrooms are so awesome! I love the TV in the mirror wall. They left 2 valentines day macaroons for us also on the bed with rose pedals The best part of it all was their indoor upstairs pool/jacuzzi. we were pretty much the only ones there and it was nice. 7pm swimming and enjoying their jacuzzi, taking photos from the view. just lovely!!! I would definitely stay here if I can every single time, hopefully every ritz is like this! :)
5	This review is for their valet parking services only - as I did not stay at their hotel.I had a business meeting at the Aria Tuscan Grill across the street from their hotel. After circling the block several times and calling the restaurant to find out where to park (this is downtown Charlotte - there are no parking lots) - as soon as I saw the front of their hotel - I pulled in.I informed the valet parking attendants that I was not staying at their hotel, but would still like to park my car. They advised me on the rate, I said no problem and I was off to my meeting.When I returned in the afternoon, I went in to the front desk, paid for my parking, and the parking attendant had my car back to me in short order!The folks at the front desk and the valet parking attendants were all friendly and professional!
5	I recently had the pleasure of spending my Birthday Weekend at the Ritz-Carlton in Charlotte.  What an experience it was! The staff are incredibly helpful and friendly and went above and beyond to make sure our stay was incredible.  We arrived a bit early before check-in time, and our room was not ready.  Needing to change clothes to go see Wicked that afternoon, the staff arranged for us to have a room in the Spa to change and get ready. When we got back from the show and dinner, and got to our room, we were greeted with a bottle of champagne welcoming us to the hotel and apologizing for the room not being ready, even though it was our fault for arriving too early. In addition, Rhonda at the front desk sent us a bottle of wine and several custom made chocolates with a witches hat made of chocolate and a plate that said "have a wicked day." This is was customer service is all about. The room was spotlessly clean and beautiful, the Urban Sip bar was wonderful for late night drinks with live jazz.  I will absolutely stay here again and other Ritz in other areas!
5	All class! Very clean, well appointed. Extreme detail to customer service. You are treated like royalty.
5	All class! Very clean, well appointed. Extreme detail to customer service. You are treated like royalty.
5	One of my favorite Ritz-Carlton locations. Walking distance to everything uptown. -Great views of the city & Epicentre-Clean luxurious rooms-Service is the gold standard. My wife and I jumped on an elevator with a hotel employee. He overheard my wife complain about forgetting her Chapstick in the room and found us in the lobby 5 minutes later with a new stick. Very impressive!-Awesome views from the pool & spa
5	Living in the CLT area, my husband and I don't often have a reason to stay in a hotel in our own city. However, on our wedding evening, we wanted to spend the night in a nice hotel near the airport.The hotel is beautiful. Classy, elegant, clean & friendly. Indeed they are very expensive, but all Ritz's are. They charge what they do for a reason: exceptional accommodations, sharp and friendly employees, and a memorable experience all around.We were upgraded to a suite with a beautiful view. AND, our room had a mini cake with congrats on it. What an amazing touch! The room was gorgeous and room service in the AM was great. I love spacious rooms and big bathrooms, and boy was it! The bathroom had a private water closet, a huge counter and sink, and a nice walk-in shower. The most amazing thing about this bathroom, and even the room, was the TV in the mirror! When turned off the big mirror is just a mirror, but there's a remote and you can turn on the TV and magically, the middle of the mirror is a flat screen TV built in. It was amazing.Lastly, I want to add they were very gracious in agreeing to hold my wedding dress for the day until my dad could come pick it up. Top notch experience & service all around!!! I highly recommend the Ritz for a special occasion.
4	Solid more modern Ritz hotel.  They speak to you by name, go out of the way to make the experience enjoyable no matter why you are staying there, etc.
5	Perfect Service and a beautiful hotel near a pretty cool area of Charlotte.  My room was uber comfortable and for the first time ever they had a charging station in the room with different plugs, presumable just in case you forgot your charger.  Cool touch!I also had a quick but delicious meal at BLT.  The highlight was the yummy tuna tartare dish.
3	After getting hit with some unexpected home improvement costs this year, we opted for a "staycation" this fall. Since we weren't spending a ton of money on hotels, airfare and restaurants, I decided to treat myself to an afternoon at the Ritz Carlton spa in Uptown.I was encouraged to arrive an hour or earlier before my first scheduled service to relax and enjoy the facilities, so I did. Check-in was quick, and I really liked the "touchstone" concept where you can choose a small stone that has written on it what you want from your day at the spa, and keep it with you and take home with you. (You can also add your own, if one of the many pre-written ones don't work for you.)The women's lounge is very, very nice. Everything you can imagine needing is readily available. There are several rooms to relax in, as well as multiple private showers, including one with something like 18 heads (it was like being in a car wash naked) and a steam room.The steam room was disappointing.  I fell in love with the eucalyptus steam room at the Ritz Carlton in Maui a few years back. It was clean and lit so white that it practically glowed. The steam was dissipated just right, and the eucalyptus was automatically infused with the steam so it was throughout the room. So when the front desk woman told me that the Uptown Ritz had a eucalyptus steam room, that's what I was envisioning.Instead, it was a yellow-ish room with somewhat dingy looking tiles, and a spray bottle that contained a a very watered down eucalyptus mixture. The Harris Y has more potent eucalyptus in their spray bottles than the Ritz.On to the treatments... I chose to do a body scrub treatment, followed by an hour for lunch and then a standard massage.The first treatment was interesting. I'd never done a body scrub before and I wasn't entirely sure what to expect. The treatment room had another nice, very private shower to use to rinse off the scrub mid-treatment before moisturizing. The therapist performing the treatment was good, but she was a little more 'handsy' than I'd like. I chalked it up to it being a "full body scrub" but I've never had a therapist massage my stomach, down between my breasts, etc.Lunch was great. I had ordered while relaxing in the women's lounge and locker area. After the scrub, I went up to the Aqua Lounge where there's an indoor pool and hot tub, as well as several chaise lounges, and my lunch was served there. It was delicious and not quite as insanely priced as I was expecting.My massage was also with the same therapist. It was okay, but certainly nothing special. I get better massages every few weeks at my local Hand & Stone. And again, the therapist was a little 'handsier' than I liked. It was clearly her style, so if I go again I'll probably seek out a different therapist.I spent another two hours after the massage just relaxing: swimming in the pool, alternating with the jacuzzi and occasionally heading down to the women's lounge to relax and get back into the steam room.I also wandered over to the fitness center to check it out, and I was fairly blown away by it, especially the room with at least 6 high quality spin bikes, all facing out the window overlooking Charlotte. Each bike had a rolled towel and a bottle of water. There were even complimentary ear buds packaged in a basket in the weight room if you forget to bring your own.Overall, my afternoon at the spa was wonderfully relaxing, and I enjoyed it greatly. Most of the facilities are top notch, although the steam room isn't. However, the services are incredibly expensive for what you actually get. I would consider returning, but not anytime soon. And I would probably opt for the least expensive service I could get, and just spend my day relaxing and enjoying the facilities. Better massages can be had elsewhere for far, far less.
3	I feel elderly saying this but it is DARK in their lobby - hand the hardest time finding the friends I was meeting. This is such a chic locations and the drinks are strong and delicious. As expected service was courteous with complimentary snacks provided even though I only had one drink in the bar area. Cons- most cocktails are $15. I'm all for a premium cocktail but yeah - that's my threshold. Wine starts at $10 a glass and then there it goes! A glam location that comes at a premium. Next time I'll check them out during happy hour.
5	When you stay at the Ritz-Carlton it's like you're wearing an invisible tattoo of your own name on your forehead that you can't see but everyone that works there can. To be recognized all the time & called Ms. (Last Name Here) can make anyone feel special. Super spacious room with two hanging closets. Ample corner desk space, USB plugs built into the desk to charge your devices. Oversized bathroom with double sinks and an echo-worthy deep tub. Can't forget the TV INSIDE the mirror. And when I wanted a late check out so I could explore a little bit of the city after working before heading back to the airport, they were happy to accommodate my request and schedule a car at the same time. This is the way this yelper likes to travel on business. It can only be down hill from here. This hotel is in the heart of downtown Charlotte and minutes from the Charlotte Douglas airport. It's within blocks of numerous restaurants, but has a couple attached to it as well that you can access from inside the hotel. I don't stay at the Ritz that often, but when I have the opportunity to, they never fail me.
5	The Ritz-Carlton in Charlotte is in my top three favorite hotels that I have stayed at in the past few years.  The hotel is conveniently located in the center of the city with very nice valet service.  The employees of the hotel were all extremely friendly and always asking if we needed anything during our stay.  There are multiple places to grab a cocktail or snack as well as a chocolatier off of the main lobby.  The room was very clean and up to date.  The view of the city was extremely nice as we had the corner room facing the center part of the city. The only complaint we had was that there was loud music until around 2 A.M. which was keeping us awake one of the nights.  We definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Charlotte.
3	My finance emailed the concierge a month prior to our arrival to let him know we were getting engaged during our time there, he responded by asking him to call him. After leaving him 2 messages NO returned phone call, so he got theater tickets and dinner reservations himself and pulled off a beautiful evening. He couldn't even get the hotel to assist with getting a car to pick us up from the executive terminal from the airport as we flew in private. With all the money that he spent for the weekend, the staff did not help him at all and for a Ritz this is not up to their normal standard! He pulled off a beautiful weekend, but not with their help. 5 stair for him, not for them. We have stay their in the past with much better service. They need to re look at their standards and go back to the way they treated their guests before. Breakfast left a lot to be desired. The hotel is beautiful but I will leave it at that.
2	This review is for the spa. I'm currently staying in Charlotte for a month for work.  While I'm staying at the Omni across the street, I needed to get my eyebrows done.  I'm really busy so I hopped over across the street to the Ritz spa, knowing that based on my experiences in Tahoe, Palo Alto and New York, the Ritz spas are usually a notch about the rest.  Oh how wrong I was about the Charlotte location.  This is honestly one of the worst eyebrow waxes I've gotten in my entire life.  At home I go to a chain salon that costs less than half and does a way way better job.  I've gotten better waxing at hole-in-the-wall nail salons in Brooklyn!  Setting aside the shape of my eyebrows (asymmetrical, with gaps where she did a bad job trimming the hair), my skin is destroyed.  The waxer used soft wax (ugh, do people still do this?!) and applied it in tiny patches, rather than once.  I do have sensitive skin, but usually any redness dissipates within 5 minutes or so.  A full day after my Ritz wax, the skin is still swollen and blotchy. (I shudder to think about how terrible getting a more *ahem* sensitive area done would be.)The rest of the spa facilities are equally unimpressive.  I tried to use both the sauna and the steam room, and walked away very disappointed.  The sauna didn't get nearly hot enough: I didn't even break a sweat.  You know the sauna doesn't get hot, when there's no thermometer/clock posted inside.  The steamroom looked like it was imported from a Soviet bathhouse: all dingy industrial tile, and a lonely sad bottle of "eucalyptus mist" I at first confused for a forgotten bottle of cleaner.  Even the shower was meh: I had trouble regulating the water (other Ritz spas have had push button temperature set technologies and much better showerheads).  I don't know if Charlotte has anything better to offer, but this was third rate at best compared with what I'm used to in "real" cities.
5	My husband surprised me with a night at the Ritz Carlton for my birthday. He said he just mentioned it briefly when making the reservation, but the staff noted this and wished me 'Happy Birthday' when we checked in and then offered me a glass of sparkling wine. Everyone we came across at the hotel was extremely polite and helpful, and the room itself was lovely. The bathroom was exquisite, large and filled with everything we needed, even a TV in the mirror. We also enjoyed the manager's wine and cheese reception that afternoon before heading out to dinner. An employee graciously delivered us to our destination in the beautiful BMW house car, and because they were very busy that evening, called us a cab that arrived quickly when we were ready to return. And when we returned to our room, there was a birthday cake waiting on the desk along with a personalized card signed by the manager. The white cake was filled with raspberry and covered in a delicious whipped cream frosting with fruit and was so unbelievably delicious! We were so impressed.We consider ourselves to be fairly well traveled and like to stay only in nicer hotels, mainly Westin and Marriott. This was our first experience with Ritz Carlton and I am happy to say it will not be our last. The customer service far exceeded our expectations, and being made to feel so special makes it worth every penny spent.
2	Disappointing. If you like sleep, pick a different hotel. Too close to the epicenter and the noise is unreal. It's 2am and I still can't sleep. You'd think the Ritz would have invested in sound dampening / noise canceling walls and windows. Doesn't matter if you are a regular loyal customer they don't heed your preferences to be on the other side of the hotel where it's a little quieter. Instead, they give you earplugs and a worthless white noise machine.
5	I have stayed at at least 10 different Ritz Carltons and the Charlotte location is surprisingly in my Top 3.Obviously, its a Ritz so the service is top notch.  What sets this location apart is its appeal to a younger (people in their 30's-40's).  Free Sparkling wine in the lobby, along with a cocktail hr free geleto bar and wine and cheese tasting.  The suite was amazing.  2 bathrooms, extremely spacious and a tv built into the mirror!It was my birthday and we were brought strawberries and champagne upon arrival.The restaurant in the hotel is amazing and  the rooftop bar is very romantic.I will be back!
4	Love this hotel. It's a grand old Charlotte hotel that takes you back to the grand old days complete with a doorman in a top hat and cape. Clean, lots of character, nice staff, comfy beds, beautiful fresh flowers in the lobby, lots of marble and antique brass, and superb location. My only complaint is that they charge for wifi access. Really! Every hotel today, especially those like the Ritz-Carlton where you pay a pretty penny to stay, should offer free wifi.
5	Been to many Ritz Carlton, Four Seasons Hotels and this one is one of my favorites. Maybe it is because of the Spa. Awesome steam and then it has an Experience Shower. That is a huge shower with a control panel on the inside and you are showered by an overhead large rain like shower head and another 9  shower jets on 3 sides. I wanted to stay in it all day.  The other thing I don't remember in any of the others is the TV in the mirror in the bathroom. I SO looooved that! Nothing like watching a nice TV in the mirror as your getting ready. As usual the bed and other amenities were outstanding and most rooms have a nice view. I found the staff to be pleasant and helpful.I can't wait to go again.Tami
5	There will be nothing bad said about this place because there isn't anything bad to be said. Service was impeccable, the Christmas decorations were beautiful, the lounge music was great - a live soulful jazz band...comfort, beauty,  and elegance. An amazing experience.
1	Nice place right in the center of town. Make sure if you plan on staying here you request a room not facing the Epicenter retail and restaurant and bar complex. Your room will shake with noise. When calling the front desk they would not offer to move us but did bring up ear plugs. Sorry but for 450 a night you should be more accommodating
5	Always my favorite hotel to stay at when the city has a Ritz. You know you can't go wrong and get what you pay for. Everyone has a hotel room, the staff is what makes this place special
2	Stayed at this hotel on a Saturday night and as a top tier member, I was still given a low floor that faced that (now learned) noisy side right toward the street. I was up all night with loud noises going on at least until 2am. Very hard to sleep. Room overall was decent but the noise will keep me from coming back here in the future unfortunately.
5	This review is for the spa, as I am a local.  I had an amazing deep tissue massage with Drea.  Ask for her!!!  I'm a self-proclaimed "spa snob," and this place takes the cake.  From the minute you walk in to the minute you leave, everything is top-notch!  The experience beats everything I've had in similar NYC, ATL, SF, LA, and Portland locations.  You won't regret it!  Worth the splurge!
4	This is the third Omni that I have stayed at and the service has been amazing at all three hotels. I have two words for anyone who stays at an Omni- SELECT GUEST! Sign up for free as a select guest and you will get perks! We received two bottles of water and milk and cookies the night we checked in, free morning beverage service, and free wi-fi.
1	We had our wedding at the Ritz because of the impeccable service and experience we were promised by sales staff. The wedding itself had some issues but overall went well. Several months after the wedding, a few guests reached out regarding gifts they gave during the reception which we never received. Until then, we had no idea anything was missing. I contacted the hotel and gave all of the details and was told someone from Marriott liability headquarters would be in touch. After several weeks, the Marriott called and said the hotel was in no way liable for my stolen gifts and they could offer a $100 credit. Considering the amount of money missing exceeded $100 and the fact that we had hosted an expensive wedding at the hotel, the $100 credit was insulting. The hotel staff moved everything from the reception to our suite so they should have some liability. Bottom line, hosting a wedding at the Ritz is not worth the amount of money it costs. Beware of thieves and have someone watching your gift table. If something goes wrong, don't expect anything from the hotel. They made a lot of promises they couldn't keep.
