5	I couldn't agree more, Irish.  Hidden in a tacky strip center, the storefront leaves one a bit apprehensive.  Once inside all trepidation will cease.   From the wine list to the service, and most especially,the food, you can't go wrong.  Some nights you'll even find live music.  Even with reservations, you may have to wait a bit but its worth it.  Just relax at the bar and enjoy a glass of wine.  I suggest making dinner at Nora's the main event as there is no quick in and out at this restaurant.  But then again, I wouldn't want to eat at an Italian restaurant that didn't provide the whole shebang!  Nora's does just that.
1	If you are from new york, philly, boston. san fran or anywhere else where great southern italian food can be found at every other streetcorner restaurant do not eat here.  you will be disappointed with the bland sauces, overly garliced dishes and awful desserts.  A total waste of time and money.
3	Great Italian food and at a decent price.  Here is the major problems:1) the food is good but they could drop the price 2 bucks an entree.2) the appetizers are so overpriced it doesn't make sense.3) the service is terrible! absolutely terrible.  Unfortunately the two times I went there the service almost made me walk out.4) there are some good restaurants in the area and they need to step it up.5) the place is too narrow.  hard to get around.
5	Southern Italian, done well, which is rare from my point of view. I was raised on that type of food...and have gotten used to being consistently disgusted by any attempt at this type of cooking, outside of the houses of my relatives. But Nora's gets it right...the owners speak Italian with a Neapolitan accent, which is probably why my idea of how to make certain things agrees with theirs, but judging by the fact that you can't just walk up even on a Tuesday and get a table, I am not the only one who likes this place, not by a long shot. As a matter of fact, on a couple occasions I have noticed local public figures having dinner at nearby tables, which, given the smallness of the place and the amount of people there every night, means the food is worth the risk of being recognized and approached. It is pretty small, basically Trattoria style, with an open kitchen. It's boisterous and loud, which is also appropriate, to my way of thinking.  Prices are reasonable, service is great, decor is elegant, the food is delicious. A poorly kept Las Vegas secret.
3	I'm not from Vegas but a friend that used to live there took a group of us here for dinner and i thoroughly enjoyed it, esp getting off the Strip and going somewhere that is just your typical good family Southern Italian restaurant, much like i'd find in my town. i thought the service was great (waiting on nine young loud women for a pre-bachelorette dinner can't be easy, but the general boisterous atmosphere helped) - our waiters told us about the group menu option since we were a group of nine, and that made things so much easier. thus, we were able to eat family style and we tried a variety of reliably good dishes, including gnocchi, veal marsala and meatballs. for $22 per person, it was a great deal, esp given the amt of food we got. my only complaint about the food is the tiramisu - it was just way too mushy and watery.
5	Nora's is an off the strip delectable Italian eatery in Las Vegas.  Located in a strip mall near an Arby's, it's a completely unexpected treat!  Last weekend my entire family (and some friends too) descended upon Las Vegas to celebrate my Grandfather's 90th birthday.  The big birthday bash was held at Nora's (a place my dad saw on the food network).  They seated all 40 of us on the bar side of the restaurant where we mostly took over the place.  Since our party was so large we had a preset menu all served family style.  Caprese salad, antipasti salad, garlic bread, calamari, pene with vodka sauce, eggplant parmigiana, chicken marsala, seasoned pork tenderloin with parmesan crusted potato wedges, tiramisu and canoli!  Oh my God I'm full just thinking about how much food I ate that night!  All that for $35 a person.  The food was excellent...especially the garlic bread, calamari, marsala, eggplant...ok all of it was awesome.  The service was ok, but considering the number of people they had to contend with, I won't knock off a star.  They didn't even mind when we set up the gigantic poster board display of Grandpa's past 90 years on top of their beverage service table and they let us decorate with birthday banners and trinkets.  They also didn't mind when my dad and uncle got into a brotherly wresting match and broke one of the sparkling water bottles on the beverage service table....they just came over and cleaned it up.  All and all it was a good time with good food and crazy company!  I would like to go back to Nora's to have the non huge group of people dining experience.  Plus I need to have more of that garlic bread, cause it was damn good.  Congratulations Grandpa on 90 years!
4	Noras is a great family restaurant.  Authentic Italian.  Cheap for Vegas and friendly service.  Get there at 5 to get a seat.  Nothing fancy but the best value on the Westside.
4	This place is great.  I thought the prices were pretty fair.  I got the Linguine Calamari and it was fantastic.  I am such a sucker for fresh squid.  Attentive service and overall good experience.  With prices like these, I will be sure to make my way back here.
4	Nora's is one of those places where I step inside and forget I'm in Vegas.  The house combinations are flavorful.  Comfort foods with portions that are oversized.  The tiramisu which is too often a let down at Italian restaurants; hits a high note and resonates here.  My only complaint is that there is no proscuttio e melone on the menu.
4	SO and visited last night - got there about 1/2 hour before closing time - place was still hoppin'  - i ate here awhile back w/o my girl - liked it then, liked even more last night.  they did rush us a little but understandable - the service was still very good - efficient - drinks were frequently filled, food came out quick ...the food :started with calamari - very tender, very good ...i thought bootlegger's was slightly better...but still ...tasty stuff.  caprese salad - the mozz cheese...very good...tomatoes...so-so...not exactly the season so no complaints here....SO loved the garlic nibbles.  i just had some meatballs and sausage w/ sauce ...all good !!  SO had the linguini and clams ...she felt it was salty...i disagreed....but i'm not a big fan of her dish to begin with.it's interesting that there are 3 or so italian places within a few hundred yards of each other...i've been to them all...i give nora's the nod
4	great!!have only been here once....you instantly sense the history and tight-knit family that runs the joint...this place is quaint and warm...i saw it on the food network the other day too!i had the shrimp scampi which were HUUUUGE and really really tasty with tons of garlic and linguine!vegas is the only place (besides tahoe) that i feel has great, fresh seafood for being so far away from the ocean!!good prices, good service, good vino, good atmospheredefinitely worth a visit!!
4	This is a great restarant. Casual, delicious, reasonable food, and wonderful authentic ambiance. What a surprise, and worth the trip driving off the strip for dinner. Pay 1/2 the amount you would at some of the hotel (pseudo) rip off Italian restaurants, and have a great meal here instead. I always make a point to eat here at least once when I visit Las Vegas.
5	my boyfriend and i went here for lunch and we were impressed with how well kept the restaurant is.  the atmosphere is perfect.  the food was extremely tasty and we even left with leftovers when we ordered off the lunch menu.  the prices are great and so is the calamari!  we will be back when we're in vegas!
2	The 2007 recipient of the LVRJ's Reader's Choice award as the Best Undiscovered Restaurant and has a Zagat rating of 24, 18, 21. http://www.norascuisine.com/  This southern Italian restaurant is very popular and we encountered a long waiting line as we entered at 7PM, but we had secured advance reservations and were promptly seated.  We shared a Caesar salad that was on the small side though the menu indicated it would serve 2-3.  The salad itself was decent, but the croutons were soft and flavorless.  The menu was the same as you would find in any Italian/American restaurant so my wife ordered the eggplant parmesan while I chose meatballs and spaghetti.  Both dishes were satisfactory though typically over sauced and below expectations.
4	Called around 3 and got reservations for 7:30.  Arrived a little early but we were sat within 5 minutes of our reservation time.  The place was very busy but worth it.  Service was pretty good and the food was excellent.Started with the caprese  salad and then went with the chicken marsala.  Both dishes were very good.  The spaghetti with  the chicken was very good.  I really liked their red sauce.Prices were pretty good for the quality food and service.
4	A friend took me here a couple of months ago, and I loved it! It kind of reminded me of something that would be in New York or San Francisco.  The crowd was very hip, young and fun.  I loved the live Jazz music, it set just the right mood.I ordered the Caprese Salad, and my friend ordered this dish that had angel hair pasta, shrimp, pine nuts and zucchini.  It was to die for.  I would definitely recommend taking your date to Nora's...something about the food, wine and music could set anyone under a love spell!
4	Overall, pretty good.  Sometimes the service is a little slow when they are busy but the food is pretty good, the atmosphere is good, and the prices are fair as well.  I recommend it for business lunch or date for better service.
4	Good old style Vegas atmostphere. Bustling with people, the bar was packed and everyone was extremely friendly. Bartenders were understandably busy and they make a mean lemondrop martini.We were sat right on time (I would highly recommend making reservations). The waiter was friendly, again,  busy so he was in and out and doing what he does, not a lot of personal interaction as with the bartenders.I orderd the Chicken Erbe fini - spaghetti with herbed chicken breast. Spaghetti was good, good red sauce, not watery and full of flavor. The chicken was a little dry and not as much flavor as I would have liked.My date ordered the lasagna and after sampling some of that, I should have ordered the same. Hearty, full of flavor, strong cheese flavors, the meat sauce was excellent. Baked of course, and very rich.The garlic bread was good as was the mozzarella sticks, both served piping hot and a great way to start the meal
5	I am from the Washington DC area and I came to Las Vegas with my familyfor two weeks. Before this restaurant, I wasn't turned onto the idea of Italianfood..but this place did it for me! The Pasta Fagioli was amazing and so was the Gnocchi with Vodka Sauce. I had absolutely no complaints.  The cannolis and the chocolate cake were great too. If you are in Vegas, its def a must.
5	on vacation in vegas, got sick of buffets so i looked this place up, i think it was on some food network show, regardless it was tasty.  i got the nora alla, a baked spaghetti with ground beef, pesto and eggplant on the top, perfectly crispy and delicious.  my wife went with pasta and meatball, in their really good house red sauce, one of the better meatballs i've tried.we also ordered calamari and a side salad, which were mediocre but not distasteful.  we would go back if we were ever in vegas again.
4	I was in Las Vegas over the weekend for a half marathon - so naturally I needed to carb up pre-race. My friend found Nora's through Yelp and the Vegas Yelpers did not steer us wrong! What a delightful place. The ambiance was much more than expected for a strip mall, and the wait staff was pleasant and the food was SO good. The garlic bread was addicting and we had two family-style salads which were delish. I had spaghetti with eggplant, ground beef and red sauce for my entree and it was very good. The only very small hitch was that we traveled with a vegan who wasn't able to eat the pasta because it's made fresh with eggs. For us non-vegans, that was a big plus! For the vegan, he ended up with a small pizza with some red sauce and veggies (no cheese) and a salad. Still pretty good! Although I don't get to Vegas often, when I do I hope to make it to Nora's again. Enjoy!
4	A great place in Las Vegas. A locals favorite. Off the strip. Great wines, a good menu and very good food. Get there no later than 5PM for a table seat- otherwise you'll have to sit at the bar and eat- not the best place to enjoy their ambiance and food. It is crowded and if you wish to get bumped in the back by bar patrons sit at the bar. You will really enjoy the food, it's a first rate Italian restaurant and harkens back to those in San Francisco or Boston.
3	I thought Nora's Cuisine was expensive for what it was. For an appetizer, I tried the calamari and the taste was forgettable. For dinner,  I had the Fettuccine Alfredo with Chicken and that was good. They also had garlic bread, but I didn't really care for it. Something in my gut really, really wants me to like this place more. Maybe because the rest of the party enjoyed it or maybe I didn't order the right thing. We'll see if I ever make my way back.
4	great food, was worth the wait... wasnt too expensive either...
3	Its a Tuesday night and my friend are I are sitting in the living room watching reruns on TV waiting for our gal pal to come home from her errands. Did I mention we are starving? The lady friend left about two hours ago for some errands. What that really means is a full manicure and pedicure.So the gal pal finally gets home and we head out for some good eats. We waste about a gallon of gas before be finally decide on Nora's Cuisine. I've never eaten here before but I've heard good things about it.We roll up around 8:15 and the place is pretty full. The hostess nicely asks if we have reservations. We decline. We were then told the wait would be about 10 minutes or so. After a brief glance around the room, I noticed a lot of empty tables, Hmmmm...? 10 minute wait?We finally get seated and the hostess apologizes for the wait. She explains that the dish washer is not working at full steam (insert joke here) and the wait was more for the clean dishes than an available server. I am always willing to wait for clean dishes!The menu looked decent for an Italian place. It has all the usual Italian fare one could ask for. You can pull up the full menu on their website. We finally decided to start with the Calamari Fritti and a simple Caprese Salad. My two friends both ordered the Shrimp Scampi and I decided to go for their best seller, the "Crazy" Alfredo.The Caprese Salad came out first. We just wanted some greens, tomatoes and fresh mozzarella cheese drizzled with a light olive oil. We got exactly that. It was simple yet very tasty. Next out was the complimentary garlic bread. We started gnawing on the bread when the Calamari came out. I'm so glad we squeezed the lemon wedges over the golden crispy fried calamari because, at least now it had some taste! Ouch! The side sauce that came with it was pretty bland as well.Out came the main dishes. The Shrimp Scampi looked pretty good. My dish looked awesome as well. How can you go wrong with the best seller? Well... To be honest I didnt read the whole description of the dish. "Crazy" Alfredo - This best-seller features the classic fettucine Alfredo piled with chicken, sausage, jumbo shrimp... (Honestly. I stopped reading here. I should of read on.) ...porcini mushrooms, domestic mushrooms, roasted bell peppers, sun-dried tomatoes and jalapenos.JALAPENOS? Yes. You read that right. Now dont get me wrong. I love japapenos on my nachos or mexican food... But in my Alfredo? To be honest, it was too much. I picked them all out and it really did look like someone took a huge handful and tossed it in. Maybe I'm missing the 'gourmet taste' of it or whatever, but I can definitely do without it.The dessert selection didnt look too exciting so we decided to pass on it. Our final bill came out to around $70 before tip. Overall just an "A-OK" meal. Maybe I just ordered the wrong dish. Would I eat here again? Sure. I'd give it another shot. Next time I'd try the pizza or another large salad.
4	I am completely satisfied with the crowd, music, ambiance and the special aromas that delight you when you enter this place. The staff was overall very kind and the dinner was excellent! The Shrimp Scampi dish was the best. The salad and bread was an excellent appetizer. The only gripe that I really have at Nora's was the wait staff. It seemed I never even seen the waiter the whole time we were eating and to tell you the truth if the waiter is not going to be on top of their game and they have the bus boy doing majority of the work they might as well stay at home. I believe our waiter will be fired in the near future if he keeps his ways up. Even after the bus person served us our desserts and toke great care of our family. I was surprised and irritated that the waiter took his time even taking care of our bill. Needless to say his tip fell shy of 10%. Times are tough in the economy. He should be so lucky to still have a job. Waiters in Vegas be aware people that work, meaning, the ones that still have jobs. They work hard for their money and when they go out they want excellent service. His butt was saved because of the great food and the Bus boy. Next time he may not be so lucky. Sean
5	Nora's is one of those restaurants that you never forget.  I went with a friend while visiting Vegas from a recommendation from a valet at our hotel.  We wanted a locals place with good Italian food and Nora's blew us out beyond our expectations.For starters we had an antipasto and minestrone soup.  Both were delicious.For my entre I had veal scallopini, which was tender and delicious.  I love garlic and Nora's knows how to use it properly, not overwhelming, but definitely there to enhance the true flavors of the veal.The ambiance and friendliness of the servers made the experience totally enjoyable.  I highly recommend this restaurant to any visitors who want to get off the strip with it's exhorbitantly pricey restaruants and experience the way Vegas really is.  Down home and offering quality restaurants at reasonable prices.
5	Oh how I am going to miss Nora's!!! Just moved to New Mexico and we made sure we went to Nora's a few times before we moved! This place is the BEST Italian in Las Vegas! My boyfriend and I love this place! We no longer need to look at the menu because our favorites are so amazing! My usual is the Baked Ziti and he loves the Crazy Alfredo! I know I will never find another Italian restaurant like Nora's!
5	All I have to say here is I love it love it love it!!  Try the manicotti.  THE BEST!!! The prices are decent, the atmosphere is ok.  A bit of a small place and if you go on Friday or Saturday nights make sure you have a reservation.
4	great food locals place check it out!
5	You cannot go wrong at Nora's The Bread, the Ziti, the wine, the music!!!!!! If you've ever opted out because of the undesirable strip mall location. Please think again!!!! Once you walk in you will be a fan for life! The food, service and quality are all wonderful. This place gets even more fun if go on a Friday or Saturday evening, catch the live music and hang out at the bar. A favorite of mine since the first time a friend took me!!!
4	I could not be happier finding this restaurant on Yelp.  My family & I were tired of eating food in all the hotels.  Nora's was what we were looking for.  Great food, wine and reasonable.  Tip, reservations or go there before 6pm.
4	Overall: Fantastic food for the price, a great find off the strip. From what I've heard, this is where Vegas chefs to go eat :) Ambiance/Location: Strip mall, but worth the drive off the strip. When you walk in you see chefs making pizzas which sets a nice tone. We sat in the room with the bar and were able to see the end of game 4 of the NBA finals :) Typical dim lighting of an Italian restaurant. Food: Fantastic! Per our waiter's recommendation, here is what we ordered: - garlic bread (one basket complimentary) - fresh soft bread, tasty, crispy - House salad - the regular portion was split between 4 people, but if you're big on salad you might want to get your own. A nice blend of lettuce, mozzarella, olives, pepperocinis, tomatoes with a oil and vinegar dressing. - Alla Nora (with angel hair pasta) - hearty red sauce not too tart or overwhelmingly tasting of tomatoes. The eggplant was breaded and fried adding a crispy texture. The ground beef did not overwhelm either. My favorite of the dishes we had. - Mt. Etna - chicken with multiple layers of tomatoes, fried onion strings, on a bed of red potatoes in balsamic reduction -- chicken was a bit dry, but good flavors - Chicken Carfucio - the flavors of the capers and artichokes rule this dish which is overall pretty light and allows the fresh tomatoes to balance the dish. This dish is more about the separate ingredients merging than about the sauce (which is mainly oil and garlic) - Crazy Alfredo - rich and creamy with multiple fun additions including jalapenos! My mom's favorite, and it was indeed a dish to be ordered again. - warm chocolate cake - you need to preorder this (when you order dinner) and we got 2 for 4 people, which was perfect. I've had others which were creamier and had a more molten center, but this one was unique. the cake was a bit more coarse but very flavorful, and it was topped with crushed pistachios which added a salty crunch, and surrounded but a white cream sauce. I'm used to eating this ala mode, and I think ice cream would also have paired well with this. Wine list: extensive both by the glass and bottle. Service: Friendly waiters and busboys, we had to ask once to get our water refilled though. Price: Entrees $12-20, Dessert $4.50-6.50, Wines from $7.50/glass
5	This place is a bit of a surprise for me.  The location is horrendous for what the interior has to offer. I took in this surprise in sheer delight because of how much Nora's Cuisine reminded me of San Francisco. Don't judge a book by its cover. The ambiance is pure magical. Nothing beats the pace of a well ran restaurant. It's like watching a well orchestrated opera. I haven't even touch upon the food yet....Let's just say for my pallet this is rated in the Best of the Best category.Score for Las Vegas
4	a little slice of heaven in a not- so-great location....but don't let that stop you from enjoying the friendly service and great food - everything we had was wonderful, especially the service - the rice balls were divine as was the chicken with artichokes and linguine with clams....don't miss the cannoli's for dessert......and a bargain to boot!
4	Pretty dang good food here! Called a little a head of time to make reservations that night. We pulled up to a strip mall, next to a bowling store.. OK so the outside wasn't fancy, but as soon as you get in the doors you understand why people aren't scared to return. The interior is decorated very upscale, except for the white paper table cloths. Our party walked in around 6pm and the place was packed, already people waiting for tables to be seated.. As soon as you enter the restaurant a wall of deli shes garlic smells make your mouth water. As we waited the few minutes, we got to enjoy watching the cooks, cook in the kitchen, which is placed right in the middle of the restaurant. We got seated near the bar and got to watch all the locals sit down and wind down. It looked like they had some fancy martini's if your into that kind of stuff.. As soon as we sat down we were served a huge bowl of garlic bread, no extra cost. And they didn't skimp at all, I mean this was a huge basket of really yummy garlic bread. Our wait staff was on their game this evening, filling glasses of water, and refilling the garlic bread basket a few times. We also ordered a small salad for an app. The salad was no where near small, it feed the four of us. We all ordered our food, someone got chicken Marsala's, another got the lasagna, and I got the Alfredo Carbon. The portion sizes where huge, and the food was great! We all had enough leftovers for a second meal, which we nicely boxed up. Nicely done Nora's! Still feeling stuffed! :)
5	Far and away the best Italian food in Vegas. Amazing food and great prices. The way Italian food should be. They are a model that all Italian restaurants in Las Vegas should strive to be as good as.  The best garlic bread in the world. The most amazing Arrabiatta sauce on the planet. This is not only the best in Vegas it is the best I have ever had. You cant get better than Nora's Family run the way Italian establishments should be. Great service, amazing wine selection and full bar. I am always nostalgic when the sons were servers and Nora'was in the kitchen cooking long before they expanded twice.  I miss the 4 tables they used to have but happy they are doing so well now. A place you have to try. If you don't like Noras you don't like Italian food. WARNING: Garlic will seep from your pours for days. All worth it but be warned!
5	Although it was a weeknight and Las Vegas itself was not crowded, a reservation was recommended -- and it was needed because this place was full or very close to it. All the customers were smiling and having a fine time. It was hard to choose from the extensive menu because everything sounded so good, and the plates of the other diners all looked wonderful. The more expensive dishes are gargantuan while the less expensive ones are merely huge.I decided on pasta alla Nora since it is something I couldn't get elsewhere. It is spaghetti covered with meat sauce, cheeses, and pesto (which I didn't notice if it was present), then topped with bite-sized slices of eggplant and baked or more likely broiled. If you like eggplant, it's heavenly. It looked like a manageable portion to begin with; I actually breathed a sigh of relief that I wouldn't be overwhelmed. However, I ended up bringing half of it home with me; it was much bigger than it looked. My friend ordered the fettucine carbonara, and we both agreed it was the best we'd ever tasted. We both loved the garlic bread.Before we ordered a bottle of wine, we asked whether it could be capped and taken home if we didn't drink it all. Our waiter had to go and check; yes, we could. The bottle we ordered was sold out, so he substituted another wine and reduced the price for us. Great service and a really sweet waiter.I'd love to try the pizza as well as everything else on the menu. Delicious!
2	I think the hype is what killed it for me.  Having seen Nora's on TV and reading all the positive reviews, I expected the best Italian food in town.  Especially since "this is where all the chefs go to eat", as per the Food Network.We wanted to order the pasta puttanesca but the bartender insisted we order the house special pork chops.  So it was fried calamari, some kinda fried risotto balls with saffron, and the aforementioned pork chops.The calamari was typically mediocre, the same kind you'd get at Cheesecake Factory and the like.  The risotto balls were decent, though there wasn't much cheese or saffron in it.  We felt like tools for listening to the bartender about the pork chops though.  It reminded me of Kitchen Confidential where the chefs try to push out the last of old meats on the customers.  At least the garlic bread was good, but they charge you for any additional baskets beyond the first.This place just seems like an overpriced Olive Garden, minus the unlimited salads and breadsticks.
5	This is an excellent restaurant. Great for family, friends, and date-night. The service is always very good. The food is delicious. The Pork Tenderloin is a family favorite, as is the antipasto salad. Make sure to get reservations and good directions so you can easily find this cozy restaurant.
3	First time diner. I & wife had baked zitti. good taste, nice and hot. small portion imho. cuz had spagetti/meatballs, looked good and he said it was fine. his wife had the tortellini and she liked it too. i feel the portion size was what turned me off, maybe i expected to much. for a monday it was very busy and seems very popular. service was ok, nothing exceptional. overall ok, but when in L.V. i won't make a special trip to return.
4	Nice to eat where the locals eat. Try the Crazy Alfredo... now thatz-a-spicey-a-meatball!
3	Nora's is one of your not-so-secret neighborhood gems residing in a nondescript strip mall on the corner of Jones and Flamingo. it seems as if much as been written about this place and opinions vary. Mainly, it seems like an issue of expectations. So here is what to expect and you can decide for yourself if this is going to make your dining rotation. Nora's is really the combination of two suites in a strip mall. The room to your right will have a band at 9pm on a weekend night offering smooth jazz or whatever is Italian restaurant appropriate. The music is not too loud and you can either enjoy the music in the background or sit nearer to the band if that is what you are there for. There is also a semiprivate room for about 10 if you are having a little party. The other dining room is just a dining room. I didn't eat there, so I can't really say what the experience is like. Service. I will get this out of the way since this is where they lost a couple of points. The service was by no means terrible, as we were seated on time, food timely and drinks filled. It was just more of an intangible indifference I felt, as if I was not supposed to know about this place. Maybe everyone was in a bad mood because the night was cold and they were missing out on the Pacquiao vs Cotto fight. Or maybe you need to be a regular for a little warmer service. Anyway, I just desire warm, friendly service with Italian food. It just seems appropriate with pasta. Just like I expect bad service from the best Chinese restaurant. Not a big deal, but this prevents this place from being remarkable. The interior design is nice and they do good job of providing a good atmosphere. You will forget that you are in a strip mall. Food. Obviously, that is what we are here for. Firstly, by no fault of the restaurant, I ordered the wrong dish. Rare mistake. However, having said that, I believe that carbonara should be a wee less salty. Granted, this is from the perspective of a guy trying to limit his salt for health concerns. However, it is rare that something is so salty that I cannot finish it. The first few bites were delish, but got increasingly harsh as time wore on. Personally, I think that the prosciutto itself would lend enough sodium to flavor the dish nicely, but they went overboard by salting up the sauce. Shrimp scampi appetizer = good. Nice large shrimp, good sauce that goes well with the garlic bread. Speaking of which, the garlic bread was okay, with a home made kind of feel, if you like that sort of thing. Dessert. Somewhat limited choices, but the tiramisu was satisfactory with a nice wet cake to it. Ladies should have no problems here. Wine. An excellent selection of by the glass in case you are drinking solo or otherwise cannot take on a full bottle. Mostly Italians and California wines. You can go budget for $6. I got a couple of glasses of Regaleali for 8.25 each. What you must compare all this with is the fact that most of your pasta dishes range from $10-20, dessert is $5 and tea is $2.50. The scampi is mildly pricey at $13.95, but it was still worth it. I think it is unreasonable to expect some sort of mind blowing experience. Really, Nora's is a nice local restaurant for a casual meal with a lady friend or perhaps a decent group gathering. Good for conversation, a generous serving a pasta and perhaps a nice bottle of Italian red for a reasonable price. You can stroll in here with a sportscoat or dress more casually if you like (maybe leave the jorts behind, though). So don't expect the world and just have a good time.
5	CHOCOLATE CAKE CHOCOLATE CAKE CHOCOLATE CAKE CHOCOLATE CAKE CHOCOLATE CAKE CHOCOLATE CAKE!!!!!!Order the chocolate cake - you have to order it with your entree so it's ready for dessert.  Mere words cannot describe it's deliciousness.
3	CHOCOLATE CAKE CHOCOLATE CAKE CHOCOLATE CAKE CHOCOLATE CAKE CHOCOLATE CAKE CHOCOLATE CAKE!!!!!! H.K.L.'s review was right!(make sure you order it as you sit down to dinner, and leave room for a taste!)Great neighborhood joint, felt like a long island restaurant, run by an Italian family that cares. Casual setting with good food.Nice wine selection and the prices were good.
3	We had garlic bread and caesar salad to start. Followed up with Veal Parm and Chicken Erbe Fini. Total bill was $40. Food was good and it's a decent value compared to other Italian joints in town. Although, I didn't feel it was special enough for a repeat visit.
4	I love this restaurant! Definitely a nice escape from the chains like Maggiano's and Bucca di Beppo. It has a great casual, local feel to it without the strip's overpriced menu.  I loved my baked ziti and the garlic bread. The serving was so big I had to take some home. They were also kind enough not to charge me a cake cutting fee when I celebrated my birthday there. Cons for being in a seedy strip mall with bad parking.
4	Our dinner last night at Nora's was our fourth since we discovered it about ten years ago on a visit to Las Vegas when we were staying at the Venetian. We asked one of the employees there, who originally was from Italy, where to get great Italian food in Las Vegas. He said quite assuredly, "Let me tell you about all the restaurants in the Venetian." Then he leaned in and whispered, "Now let me tell you where to eat. Nora's." His recommendation was a good one! Our first visit to Nora's was probably our best experience - the flush of "first love" for what was at the time a little known, truly "mom and pop" venture located about four miles off the strip and tucked behind an Arby's in a strip mall.. There were four of us, close friends, we walked in on a Friday night without reservations and ate in the bar...which may even have been the only eating area at the time...where we had a wonderful meal with a decent bottle of Sicilian red wine and the entire bill was just about $100. Time marches on, Nora's has been discovered (even it seems through a visit from Food Network), reservations are not only recommended but often essential and the wine prices have gone WAY up. (About tripled, we noted last night, over our first visit.) The menu seems to have been pretty static in the last ten years and while our meal last night was good, and we still recommend Nora's to those who have not been there or who want traditional Southern italian food, there are so many options now in Las Vegas for Italian food that our visit last night may have been our last to our "old friend". (One of those options is Nora's Wine Bar, owned by the "sons of Nora".) The low point of the meal for two at Nora's last night was the antipasta. Maybe that's because a couple of nights earlier we had enjoyed the antipasta at Chef Marc's Parma Primavera, which has to be one of the best we've ever had. So Nora's preparation, with Italian deli meat, canned black olive slices and grated mozzarella on top of blandly dressed lettuce, just didn't "cut it". But the linguini friutti di mare that followed was wonderfully prepared with succulent mussels, clam (not in shells), shrimp and calamari rings and tentacles (yesssss) in a well seasoned red sauce. A glass of Barbara and a glass of Nebbiolo plus two desserts (espresso tartufo and cannoli) brought our bill to about $75 which we thought was a pretty good value for the quality of the meal and the friendly and efficient service. The yelp reviewers who have cheered about the chocolate cake are right...the Valrohna chocolate cake with the molten center that is served warm is delicious. But the espresso tartufo, coated in a chocolate shell, and the cannoli are both worthy contenders for dessert choices! The tartufo may be among the best we've ever had of that dessert option. We noted that on a Tuesday night in a bad economy, Nora's was still doing gangbusters. all tables full by about 8:00 in a mix of what seemed to be local regulars and tourists like us. The enduring popularity of this little place is well earned.
4	Best of Las Vegas in 1996, 2001 and 2009.I'll get to the summary right off the bat.... Nora's Cuisine will never be 5-Star restaurant. But as a 4-Star, Nora's cannot be beat for it's tremendous value and atmosphere... and that counts for quite a bit in most customers' minds. The restaurant, when you enter, reminds a person of a local Chicago Italian restaurant dropped in a Strip Mall in Las Vegas... of all places! I was thinking to myself when we entered... Tuesday evening... and it is soooo crowded. Close to a forty-five minute wait just for a table!On the menu...Garlic Bread (*** Complimentary) Unlike other patrons of Nora's... was not overly impressed with this Garlic Bread. We had two re-fills, and each refill was not consistent with any previous refill. The first, way tooo much Butter and seemed like it had been sitting too long. The second, much better... I guess the more customers... the better it gets....Pasta alla Puttanesca (**** $9.95) with Anchovies, fresh Tomatoes, sliced Green Olives, and Capers in a liquidy Tomato Sauce. I could not wait to try this entree once I spied it on their menu. It was either this or the Fettuccine alla Carbonara surprising higher priced at $11.50. I was hesitant to try the Carbonara... never had a Pasta Carbonara as good as in the Mother Country.This Pasta entree could be called the Extreme Pasta entree... Salty, Briny Anchovies,... The Sourness and Tanginess of Green Olives... and add to that the further Saltiness and unique flavor of the Capers! I was wondering as I consumed this entree how the Puttanesca would have tasted if it the ingredients in the Tomato Sauce had not been stewed, but stir-fried beforehand and poured over the Spaghetti. Another ingredient in the mixture were sliced Green Bell Peppers...  which leads to a Warning... Very, very Salty... Strong flavors as you can imagine.I've got a pretty good recipe for Anchovies, Green Peppers, and Cauliflower over Pasta if Nora wants to try it...Linguine alla Vongole (**** $11.50) Clams in White Sauce... my daughter's order.... very Buttery mixture. Can't hardly mess up this entree...Spaghetti alla Nora (**** 1/2 $10.50) with Eggplant, Ground Beef, and Cheeses. My future daughter-in-law's order... she was obliging enough to pass a small plate to me. One impressive entree. I'm going to order this the next time!Pasta with Chicken Parmigiana (**** $10.50) Pounded and Seasoned Chicken Breast... coated with a Batter and then Baked. Of course, tender as can be! One of my son's regular orders when he frequents Nora's twice a month....I can't stress enough the unpretentiousness of Nora's. There seems to be a "local" Italian restaurant similar to Nora's where locals and visitors to the city just "hangs". And, above all, this is as economical as it gets! Especially in Las Vegas. It seems the menu is evenly divided between entrees under $10 and entrees over $10... but not by much.If Nora's has a weakness, it is the Dessert offerings... or the lack of them. Only five items... Tiramisu, Cannoli, two kinds of Tartufo, and the Chocolate Cake which everyone else raves over.
4	The best Antipasto Salad!!! It's best to eat it at the restaurant instead of taking it home. If you take it home, the salad soaks a bit and will not be the same. Since it is a local favorite, be sure to call to reserve your seat. It is always packed.
5	I love this place, this is my staple delicious italian restaurant.  Try the melrose shrimp, gnocchi, or the baked ziti, INCREDIBLE.  Go here, you won't be disappointed.  Great atmosphere, prices, and food.  Like rosemarys don't judge a book by it's cover, it is in a strip mall and looks unremarkable from the outside but it is great inside.
5	Amazing italian food! I keep coming back to this place, because I can't get enough. The service is great, and never waited long to get a seat. I am a very pleased customer.
4	Dined here the evening of 3/9/10 (Tuesday).  My fiance and one of my best friend's had a reservation here at 8 PM.  The place was PACKED!!!   I could not believe how utterly busy this place was on a Tuesday night.  We arrived at 8PM and still had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated.  Upon sitting down at our table we were immediately served with fresh, hot and oh so yummy, garlic bread.  Our waiters were super friendly.  For appetizers, we started off with the mozzarella sticks and calamari.  Both were very delicious!  We split the small order of the antipasto salad which had: Romaine lettuce, mozzarella, pepperoncini, olives, onions, tomatoes, and rolled ham,  provolone,and salame, served with our homemade Italian dressing.  It was soooooo good!!!  I ordered the Fettuccine Carbonara, my fiance ordered the linguine and clams and my friend ordered the spaghetti with meat sauce.  Every dish was outstanding!  The portions are huge,  you will definitely have left overs.  Service was also very fast and efficient.  We will definitely go back!
4	Was looking for some reasonably priced alternatives off the strip and remembered to bookmark Nora's as a must try while in Vegas for 4 days. Probably the best meal of the entire trip. Everything that was said here about the food is all accurate and true. The portions are huge, enough to be shared family style, a small salad for 1-3 can still feed 4-5. Service was very friendly and generous. I made reservations ahead of time based on the reviews that it can get quite crowded, even on a week night, we were seated in the dining room where the room was full of families, women on a girls night out, couples, etc, the room was alive and buzzing. Had a lovely glass of Dr L reisling which comes in an adorable little carafe. WIth an unfortunate helping of parmesean cheese garnished on the dish of one of my lactose intolerant dining companions, they were quick to replace the dish with a fresh bash of non dairy product . We shared the antipasto salad and bruschetta and indivdually ordered the linguine with clams, baked ziti and chicken erbe fini. I had the linguine with clams with the white wine, olive oil and garlic sauce, excellent dish, plenty of clams, pasta served el dente, was too much of a serving, that I couldnt finish. We had also earlier ordered the chcocolate cake based on the numerous suggestions here and it was a great way to end a very hearty meal. The chocolate cake has pistachio bits and has a brownie like crunch to it, but very ooey and moist on the inside. The only sad part of the evening is that we were so stuffed and knowing we were going to be heading out to a party later on and that we're staying in a hotel with no fridge, had no way to savor any of the leftovers the next day. I've had many of good meals in Vegas during my trips there, however this is a kind of place you want to go to when you're wanting to go where the locals go and stay away from the pretentiousness and drama with some of the high end restaurants on the strip. Molto Bene!
4	My husband and I didn't want to eat on the strip as they are often overrated and overpriced. After looking into Italian foods (I wanted pasta) here on Yelp, we decided to eat at Nora's.  Pretty easy to find, but I agree that the exterior didn't really do its justice for what was offered inside.  PROS:The food was pretty decent for Vegas and for its price.  I had the "crazy" alfredo (due to my pregnancy hormones, I had to substitute the chicken for clams).  NOT BAD AT ALL!!!  The Jalapenos actually worked really well in this dish. The portions were pretty big.Had the warm chocolate cake for dessert...it was ok.  I mean, can't really go wrong with chocolate but I've had better.  CONS: Had to wait at least 15 mins for a table even though it was obvious that there were empty tables around.  The hostess never offered an explanation as to the wait.  As she stepped away, a random waitress had to search for the hostess to seat us..as she wonders why we had to wait.  The lasagna.  My husband didn't really like the ricotta cheese...instead he helped me finish my pasta.  Though they mixed up my food (the substitution in my pasta), they seemed really apologetic...and the service was great.  I didn't get our server's name but he was friendly and actually took the lasagna off our bill (we didn't even had to ask!).  SO all in all, it was a good experience...yeah we would go back...I would recommend it to others...especially if you just want to casually dine off the strip.
4	Best of Las Vegas in 1996, 2001 and 2009.On my menu....Trying to keep track of what someone else is consuming is a pain. I'll just recite what I had yesterday...Garlic Bread (*** Complimentary) Unlike other patrons of Nora's... was not overly impressed with this Garlic Bread. We had two to three re-fills, and each refill was not consistent with any previous refill. Bread not up to par with the rest of the meal...Alla Nora (**** 1/2 $10.50) Spaghetti, Eggplant, Ground Beef, Tomato Sauce, Pesto, and a variety of Cheeses with a light layer of Breading on top thrown together into a Bowl and baked until the surface is lightly crusty. I told you I was going to have this entree on my next visit! Did not disappoint!Carafe of Sangria (****) Sangria is supposed to be the Wine Punch of Spain... what is it doing on the menu of an Italian restaurant? The Red Wine was light and dry... but in Nora's version the Fruit, either sliced or chopped was missing or in small supply. Would have been more refreshing with more Fruitiness.Service was business-like and efficient... and distant. My favorite Italian, where I live, the owner is quite a bit friendlier and attentive... and hand-kissing towards the fairer sex. Maybe I didn't notice it on my first visit, but I was sitting on one of the outside seats of the table.... and caught my attention very quickly. Waiters a little too brusque for me... maybe they weren't Italian!We got to Nora's around 5pm to 6pm, and there was no problem getting in and, most importantly, no waiting! But... after we got seated, the rush of diners started.
5	Whenever I'm headed out to lunch with coworkers/vendors, and people are in the mood for Italian, two places come up as suggestions: Pasta Mia and Nora's.  I've been to Pasta Mia quite a few times and well...whenever these decisions come up I'm always rooting for Nora's.Now maybe it's because I grew up going to places like Olive Garden and Macaroni Grill, but for the most part I've never "craved" Italian food for the better part of my life.  Nothing against those two restaurant chains, I've had good family celebrations there, but the food never hooked me.  Well, my opinion of Italian is slowly changing after visiting Nora's repeatedly.I started out with fettuccine, spaghetti, etc. and all those other dishes that most places serve.  What really won me over was their Melrose Pesto.  I've had pesto before at other places, and there were times were I was gagging it down.  I'd given up on the green sauce, until a coworker brought back leftovers of their Melrose Pesto at Nora's.  I ate it the next day for lunch, and immediately knew that I had to try that on my next visit.  I was able to do just that this week, and here I am anxiously waiting for my next meal there.Also of note is the skill of the bartenders.  They make some well crafted cocktails, and outside of Downtown Cocktail Room, this is the only other place that I trust to make me an Old Fashioned.  Nora's makes it to my list of repeat eats.
5	Awesome.  My new favorite Italian place, with Chicago Joe's and Casa di Amore tied for a close second.  This place has the atmospere that many of the larger chains try so hard to achieve.  The in-house jazz band cranks out standards on specific nights of the week, but I'm not sure which nights they play.  Live music, great food and a friendly staff = A++
4	This place was referred to us by a freind, who is a local, and boy where they spot on, especially when he recommened the Anti-Pasto Salad. Yummy garlic bread.  We had the Spaghetti and Meatballs, and the meatballs are excellent!  Full of flavor, moist.  The Antipasto Salad is super fresh, crisp romaine lettuce, great deli meats.  Sadly The Chocolate Cake was a bit disappointing for us.  I think it had like nutts and and lemony sauce, it just wasnt quite our cup of tea.  But their Canoli's, OMG those where some of the best i've ever had, very very good!  We visit Vegas often and so far we've been back twice( in 2 months) .  You just cant beat their prices and great food.  We'd rather eat at a great local place like this then pay the over-rated and over-priced fees of a lot of the restaurants in Casinos or on the strip.
1	I swear, people have the most disgusting palates in Vegas.I ordered the "Crazy" Alfredo (advertised as a "favorite").  Crazy is right.  Expired chicken, overcooked rubbery shrimp, and it all tasted like it was cooked the previous week, stored, and microwaved for service.My wife ordered spaghetti with meat sauce.  How can you screw that up?  I don't know how you can, but Nora's did.  The sauce was watery and the meat chunks so small it can literally be drunk and not chewed.Seriously, my wife almost went across the street to Smiths to pick up a bottle of Progresso to put on hers.I tried this place once about a year ago and figured I'd give it one more chance.  Never again.This place seriously needs Gordon Ramsay to do his Kitchen Nightmares show.  It screams outdated, lack of standards, and absolutely disgusting food.There was one semi-redeeming quality - the store bought bread they served was loaded with roasted garlic.  That was pretty decent.
4	My brother introduced me to this place...very good food.  Southern Italian from what I understand.  I ordered the Linguine with Clams...very good!  My bro loves the Pasta ala Nora and the Orange Roughy dish.  My dad ordered the Chicken Marsala and he enjoyed it.  We also ordered the Antipasto salad which was yummy, with lots of fresh meat on it.   The service was very good...they were very attentive. From what I understand they used to be smaller and then when they were featured on some show and got more popular they had to add on an extra room to accomodate all their new customers.   I seriously felt like there was a little old Italian lady that cooked our meals for us...so yummy:)  Make sure to make reservations...we went on a Tuesday, made reservations, and we still had to wait a bit!  Oh, and it's located in a shopping center, behind an Arby's!
5	Honestly the best dinner I had in Vegas considering all the great restaurants in town.  I was in town for business and tired of eating on the strip, so 3 of my colleagues and I got this recommendation from a cocktail waitress at Aria... thanks Thea!Local spot off the strip, great atmosphere, great service, and even better food.  We had to wait about 45 for a table, but definitely worth it and drinks helped kill the time.  I had the Chicken Marsala... excellent.  Someone else got "Crazy" Alfredo... super good and very popular dish.  Seriously, anything you order there would be good.  I would recommend this place to anyone and can't wait to go back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Excellent job Nora's... keep it up!
3	This place was packed and gave me the impression that we were in for a treat. However, the folks eating there must have been heavy smokers because their taste buds had to gone. That's right this place was a solid OK. I can't believe the yelp team couldn't identify average food! The salad was something you buy at the grocery store in a bag. As for the meatballs, it tasted as though they had been made 3 days ago and simply heated. They tasted old and manufactured like something you would eat at a potluck for retired people. The best part of the dinner was the wine. Bottom line, if you want a place that isn't going to break the bank and you are craving Fazoli's, go to Nora's on W. Flamingo. If you are looking for a good Italian meal on the west side . . . try Mastrioni's.
4	Love Nora's!!After several visits to the original location I don't think I've sampled anything on the menu that wasn't amazing! The Gnocchi is definitely homemade as it's not too tough or too soft (the Vodka sauce with this dish makes for a great pairing).  The pizza is also amazing (NY style and not greasy). The waitstaff is always very friendly and attentive.Make reservations as the dining room is fairly small and the wait for a table could be long if you're a walk-up.The only semi-negative comment I have about Nora's is the dinning room (wish it was a big larger as the space tends to fill up with conversation and become loud during a busy night).
4	First time at this place, and it is so close to one of the offices im sure I will show up again. We will start from dessert (the end) and work our way forward. The cannoli they make there is very tasty, so much I would be happy just coming into this joint for cannoli and coffee. I came during lunch so I took advantage of the lunch menu, and although when the dishes came out things looked small, they were far from it. It reminded me of strega nona and her endless pot of noodles. I ordered the spaghetti and meatball (1) for 5.99 and was truly satisfied.The bread is tasty they bring out, nice and garlicky and full of butter. The server for our table was the bartender, she was very attentive and took care of us well. The other people in the party ordered veal parm and baked ziti, everyone was happy. :)
4	Another restaurant I like to bring my out of town guests and it never disappoints.  Food is great here and very reasonably priced.  They take reservations and it would be wise to make them since they are usually busy for dinner, especially on Fridays and Saturdays (closed on Sundays).
4	Excellent Italian food, had the baked ziti which is a house favorite, my wife had one of the veal specialties which was awesome as well. For desert, I had the canoli and shared a tiramisu with my wife, both deserts were very delicious. Overall, I'd go again and recommend it to anyone looking for great, homestyle Italian food.
4	I like the food and atmosphere at Nora's, and the prices aren't terrible. Their dishes are a good size and flavorful. I had a chicken dish the last time I went, which was delicious. I don't remember it's exact name, but it was one of the dishes not served with pasta. The sauce was fantastic. The desserts are good, too. I'd recommend coming her for Italian food that is not at a chain restaurant.
4	looking for good italian (without spending your entire paycheck) in las vegas was a bit difficult, but with the help of good ol yelp! i think i found it!! :) nora's was just as good as all the reviews i read! we had family in town and we were all craving linguine with clams... i decided that i didn't want to spend $35 on the strip for that so decided to go to nora's on flamingo (down the street from the palms) we were very pleased with the experience! as soon as we walked in, we got a big whiff of that yummy garlic aroma! that was the sign *this is going to be a good a$$ dinner*there were 4 of us and we all ordered something different just so that we could get a taste of the different dishes on the menu... first came the garlic bread! DE-LICIOUS! then the ceasar salad came out, great amount of dressing! not too much, not too little! linguine and clams, shrimp scampi over linguine, crazy alfredo and pepperoni pizza were to follow...we were all very happy with our selections! the clams were small, yet plentiful. the pizza tasted very fresh and oozed with cheese! we are all definitely big fans and coming back to nora's when we have that italian food craving! i highly recommend this place for good italian food at a reasonable price!!!  BIG THUMBS UP!!!
1	the food is overrated the service is the worst in Vegas when you complain to the manager, he could care less and retorts with: "what do you want me to do about it?"this experience has occurred more than a few times over the last 7 years that I've been dragged there.
5	AMAZING!!! The Seafood Misto is a major tongue-gasim, simply scrumptious and a super satisfying split, SERIOUSLY!It may be that I have a very fond memory, that is now associated with dinning at Nora's with my Mom.  The first time we went here over a month ago, was after we went for a consultation for a tattoo, then today, we went to get them, WoooooHooooo! They came out fabulous by the way.  Anyway back to the Misto!  Which is all we've tried, besides the salad and bread,and it is out-of-this-WORLD!   Make sure you save most of the garlic bread, to dip in the sauce of the dish, ooooooh, awwwwww, mmmmmm, I tingle all over just thinking about it, yum yum yum yummy!  OK, sorry I'm back, :-) So, we split a salad and the Misto, and that's the PERFECT lunch! It's one of those meals that you get to remember hours later, and wonder when you'll get again. Something so delicious that you don't want to eat to often, for fear of it losing it's appeal.  Oh yeah, if you don't  like garlic, this isn't the dish for you ;~D
4	I love Nora's.  The food is always excellent.  I work very close to this restaurant, and I would recommend going for Lunch, as the Dinner prices are a little expensive for my taste.  The restaurant is very very loud.  The service is OK, but the food is always excellent. The Chicken Marsala is Awesome, The Chicken Carciofe is Amazing, The Baked Ziti is very rich and decadent, if you order it split it with someone, as you can't finish it due to it being so rich, but it is delicious!For a lighter fare, order the Orange Roughy lunch, it is pan seared with Oil & Garlic, and has a light crispy crust and is served with a small house salad. If you are looking for a romantic quiet italian restaurant, Nora's is not the place.  If you are looking for a small local italian restaurant with excellent food, You will love it!
4	What a great restaurant. This is definitely a 'local' gem and if you want to get some high quality Italian at a reasonable price while in LV definitely check out this place. Normally I don't rave about Italian places but this place is worth it. Good service, quality food, and nice atmosphere. Go here for a romantic dinner that won't empty your wallet.
5	My food was good although I am no food expert and the prices were very reasonable. The place was full and I talked to two people at the bar who were locals and both were educated professionals who made a special effort to dine their regularly.
2	I guess I had high hopes when I finally had the time and reason to go to this restaurant,  I was thoroughly underwhelmed.  I have heard of Nora's Cuisine from tons of people.  They always say they are the best at Italian cuisine.  I for one as I said, was underwhelmed.  We had their garlic bread basket and all have to say is that it is definitely garlicky!  I am not sure if it's the an area that they're representing, but whatever it is, the food either was under seasoned or intentionaly just bland.  I ordered the Chicken Masala that came with a side of pasta with tomato sauce.  The Marsala was cooked very well and tasted awesome.  The side of pasta was another thing altogether.  The pasta was way too al dente!  The sauce lacked any seasoning.  It's like they opened a tomato sauce can and just put iton top of the undercooked pasta. My partner ordered the Chicken Parmigiana.  I don't know about you but I always associate parmigiana with a bread crusted, flattened chicken breast.  Apparently, that ain't so!  The chicken wasn't breaded at all.  He also has the same complaint about the tomato sauce: bland.  After a lackluster dinner, we opted to have the chocolate souffle which we ordered at the beginning of the meal.  I have to say, this concoction of chocolate souffle with vanilla sauce and pistachio was pure heaven.  But this dessert won't change my review of Nora's.  One other point of contention that this place needs to revise: their waiters just plain suck!  The waiter in charge of our drinks was very attentive, but the main waiter who took our order barely showed his face.  We had questions and he wasn't around.  When he was around and we asked why the chicken wasn't breaded for my partners' Parmigiana, all he said was, "I don't know.  Weird right?". I was baffled to say the least.  We finally got our answer by looking it up on Wikipedia.I have to say, Nora's really FAILED to impress me.  For our 4 year 11 month anniversary(we're leaving Las Vegas and wanted a nice celebration in the city before we left), Nora's just didn't deliver the ambiance we were looking for.  They need to fix their wait staff and warn their customers on which area of Italy they are representing.
5	I consider myself a Nora's expert.  I have a hard time paying a lot of money for Italian food, but Nora's is the right price point with quality food and interesting drinks to boot.Food: Get yourself some of the fried risotto balls for an appetizer to go along with the complimentary garlic bread.  My favorite entrees are the Alla Nora and any pasta with the vodka sauce.  My husband likes the linguine with clams.  I know that one of their "famous" dishes is the Crazy Alfredo, but I'm here to tell you that you can pass on that dish.  Too much stuff in there and the flavors don't stand out because they're all competing against each other.Drinks: Original and handcrafted cocktails at the full bar.  Of course they have a substantial wine list also, but I'm a cocktail girl.  Those bartenders know their drinks, and can make a wicked Sazerac.Service: There are two dining areas and a private room that you can reserve.  The private room does have a fee to reserve it, but you get this amazing appetizer platter that is enough to serve around 12 people.  I've never had a problem with service at this restaurant; they are wonderful (my favorite waiter is Will, a tall and handsome drink of water!).No other Italian place compares.
4	Great food, thanks for a good meal. I WILL come back here again!
4	Every time I visit this restaurant, we have a good time.  Last night I went with my clients and cousin and it was a good night. Started with a round while we sat at the bar waiting for others to arrive.  Bartender, excellent service.  Ordered apps but got sat early so they transferred our apps to the table and we started eating.  Ordered a bottle of Pinot Noir from Sonoma, didn't really taste how we expected, that's why the 4 stars.  Other than that, our entree's came out cooked to perfection, a little too much jalapeno in the fettuccine though.  Over all good experience.Notes:  Bartender and waiter, excellent service and prefessionalism.
5	As good as it gets! Daniel was awesome! Totally accomadating, made me a special dish of cooked veggies, tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese. Delish! Cool place
4	When your diet allows for Italian and carbs, this is the best place. I love eating at the bar, when there's room of course. The bartenders are cool.Pasta Nora is my favorite dish. Spag and meat sauce in bowl, covered by eggplants, and then baked to crisp-up the blanket of eggplants thats covering the pasta. Oh so good. Good selection of wine as well.
5	There are togo many other phenomenal reviews on Yelp to go over them all again. Great service, some of the best most imaginative yet  classy cocktails I have ever had, and food comparable to the best places I've eaten in any city. So, to summarize; excellent cocktails, great Italian food, classy, classy, classy.
3	We visited Nora's recently and found the food good but not spectacular. The vodka pasta is worth trying but on our visit the pork tenderloin was overcooked and too salty. The salad that came with our meal was surprisingly pedestrian and contained thick chunks of iceberg lettuce some with dirty, brown edges. This slip-up in quality at such a well-regarded establishment was very disappointing.
4	We like to go here for Italian food in Vegas so we can afford good food when we visit!  Even when a mistake in our order was made, the server was quick and responsive in the remedy of the problem.  Fun atmosphere.
5	love the joint!  'nuff said, let's eat
4	Nora's is one of my go-to spots for friends visiting, and each time everyone is always impressed.  It's close enough to the strip for friends to meet up which is always a bonus.  The flavors are great and very rich.  Most of the pasta choices are heavier on the cream-side.   My top choices are the veal, chicken mt. edna, and the crazy alfredo.  I would not come here from the pizza though.  It's not bad, but just ok. Great for sharing and large crowds, and the prices are just right!
4	After exposing my tastebuds to the disaster of Roma Grill, I had to reset with some more Italian.  A local had suggested Nora's so i gave it a try.  Great choice!  I was there on a Saturday night and the place was packed.  I was in town on business, so decided to eat at the bar.  Met a lot of nice local people who had been going there for years.  The bartender was friendly and I sampled a couple of different wines from their excellent list.  There were many good choices on the menu but I settled on the pasta Alla Nora, which was excellent.  I would have tried the meatballs but they make theirs with beef and pork and I prefer the beef and veal recipe.  The salad was excellent and they accommodated me with a side of broccoli.  I can't wait to go back to try the pizza, which I understand is excellent.   Nora's has a great family restaurant atmosphere, the staff is pleasant and the decor is comfortable.  I will be back!
4	Great Italian restaurant! Service is good. Everything I've had on the menu (and it's been a few) has been excellent. Highlights are the garlic bread, eggplant parm, pizza (great crust!), any of the lunch sandwiches (along with the home made potato chips) and of course the cannolis!Make reservations on Friday/Saturday. I've never found it necessary to make them during the rest of the week (BTW, they're closed on Sundays).All-in-all, a great dining experience for a decent price. Highly recommended!
4	Good italian resto the restaurant is nicely and more of an upscale style bistro. The food is good, comparable to other good italian restaurant doesnt really have the extra oomph where i can say that they are better  than other italian resto's in the valley.
2	I had VERY high hopes for this place when my husband and I made a reservation for Valentine's Day weekend...I had heard great things about this restaurant and was hoping that I would finally be able to find an awesome Italian restaurant in Las Vegas... I was wrong.Our garlic bread was pretty good as was are fried calamari, which was out to our table about 1 minute after we ordered it... which made me wonder why it was ready so fast.. Hmm...I ordered eggplant parm and my husband had chicken parm... both were edible, but not all that amazing.  The sauce lacked any flavor whatsoever.  I'm an Italian from New York, so I guess you could say I'm bias.  So far, the best Italian food I've had in Las Vegas has been out of my own kitchen.
3	Great food, reservations are a must, bar gets over packed and it is near impossible to get a seat.  Also make sure you sit in one of the side rooms and not near the kitchen.  Food is grea and alone would be worth four stars,but the service is suspect at best, and being beyond packed is what bugs me about this place.
3	I've been here on quite a few occasions and I have to say that I've never been entirely enthralled by this place. The food is just ok, nothing amazing. The pasta is generic and not particularly flavorful. A little on the overpriced side as well. I enjoy the garlic bread, which is pretty good. I have had some very good baked ziti, so that's been the saving grace here. The service is ok, but I get irked at having to wait for a table here. There's always a long wait. There are better Italian restaurants in town and there are worse.
4	Pros: The food tasted good, prepared well. Service was good.Cons: The dessert was frozen solid.The caesar salad had a nice thick dressing and the croutons were great. The gnocchi were like little pillows, but the accompanying alfredo sauce had a weird, subtle seafood taste to it. The spaghetti was al dente, and had a nice herby marinara sauce. The cookies & cream tartufo was served frozen solid.
4	We ate dinner here after attending Penn & Teller on a Saturday night. The restaurant is about two miles from the Penn & Teller theater, in a strip mall. When we arrived, there was a live band playing, there was a dark ambience, and the restaurant was about half-full. The tables were covered with what appeared to be butcher paper, which I thought was a little odd. When I got my menu, I was surprised by the number of choices. I opted for the special, called the Mt. Etna Pasta, which consisted of pan fried angel hair, chicken breasts, potatoes, peppers, and a balsamic reduction, among other things. When my dish arrived, it looked like a volcano of some type. I didn't know where to begin. It looked odd to be certain, but I reserved judgment until I had a chance to taste it. I must say that it is one of the tastiest Italian dishes I've had in the last 10 years. I devoured the dish despite its large size, and left a happy camper.The prices were reasonable. The band was just okay. The butcher paper table was a little bit tacky. The service was good. Overall, I recommend this place to anyone that is not desperately trying to impress a first date. Get to know the person a bit, THEN take him/her here and tell them to get the Mt. Etna.
4	Perfectly cooked shrimp scampi. Or as I like to call it, scrump scampi. This place is a terrific value. Solid and unpretentious, Las Vegas needs more places like Nora's.The waiter was very attentive in the beginning of the meal, but teetered off a bit towards the end of service. I hate when the bill sits on my table with my credit card in it for 15 minutes. But I'll be back for sure.
5	Excellent crazy alfredo wife loved chicken parm Trey was great waiter
4	My mom wanted to try an Italian place while we were in Vegas and we thought the reviews looked good. It doesn't look very fancy from the outside but we were very impressed by the time we left! I had the Crazy Alfredo and have wanted it for every meal since! I would eat at Noras every time I go to Vegas!
4	GET OFF THE STRIP! Really, there is more to Vegas than Celeb Chefs and over priced strip restaurants. Had the Calamari app, very tender, well seasoned. The Mozzarella Caresse was not the best i've had, but still tasty. Highlight was the Crazy Alfredo think Alfredo Fettuccine, then add sausage, jumbo shrimp, mushrooms, bell peppers, sun dried tomatoes, and wait for it...Jalapenos. definitely will be a return visit on the next trip out.
4	Crazy Alfredo.There is one thing on this menu that is incredibly delicious, and that is the "Crazy Alfredo". First off it is a massive portion, should be eaten by two people, or one really hungry person.  It also travels as a to go item pretty well.  It's a mix of jalapeno, chicken, sausage, cheese and a great alfredo sauce. Very flavorful.  if you are there for lunch during the week, they do a great Ribeye with salad lunch portion that has fantastic flavor as well at a great lunch price.
4	Nora's was suggested to me by a friend who has lived in Vegas for over 30 years. The thing about Nora's is everything on the menu tastes great. That includes the free Garlic bread. The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is the food is a bit heavy but hell what Italian food isn't heavy. A must is the Tiramisu. Absolutely fantastic. On occasions there is a live band playing. Took my wife their for her birthday.
2	I heard great things about Nora's so we decided to give it a try.It's literally in a strip mall on Flamingo/Jones. And, decor is nothing spectacular. I was, also, a little disappointed with paper tableclothes, but if the food was good I was willing to overlook it.We sat in the dining room to the left of the entrance which had tables right on top of each other, so definately not a place togo if you want any sort of quiet or private setting. It was kinda loud actually, and we were very aware of the birthday party happening to our right and the party of 12 to our left.They give you a basket of garlic bread to start (1st basket is free) and it wasn't very good...it seemed just like anything frozen you can buy at the grocery store.We were never offered a wine list, which I thought was odd. Aside from this, I thought the service was really good.We ordered 2 entrees...chicken parmesan & sausage rigatoni.The chicken parm was an unbreaded breast with tons of cheese, and pretty tasteless. It was served with about a pound of pasta (literally). I make better chicken parm at home. The sausage dish was actually my husband's, but I did get to sample the left overs. He thought it was excellent. For desert he had some sort of oreo ice cream dipped in chocolate. I had a traditional canoli. We respectively, gave these a B.They had quite a list of dessert martinis, as well, and I couldn't resist trying the banana coconut cream pie martini. It was pretty small, but really strong, and didn't taste much like any thing except alcohol.The entire check came to around $50 for 2 people.Overall, Nora's was just OK. I probably won't go again simply because I think there are much better places to get an Italian food fix. But, atleast I can say I've gone.
4	I think this is the hands down best italian place in Vegas. But you probably shouldn't take my word for it because I ALWAYS get the same thing here. The Frutti di Mare. Linguini topped with large portions of shrimp, calamari, mussels, clams... and a wonderful red sauce. I'm sure their other entrees are delectable if you don't like seafood. I would've given it 5 stars but the service is spotty since it's often so busy.
5	Great italian restaurant. The antipesto salad is amazing. I also order the chicken herba fini which is also great. The prices are also amazing for a fine dining restaurant.  2 people can eat for under $30.
3	We didn't want to dine in our hotel or on the strip, so and off-strip place was needed.  Our concierge tsaid hat this is an excellent Italian restaurant featuring some unique dishes.  He made reservations for us, and off we went.It's in a strip mall with very little parking because there are a lot of other businesses there, including a trade school.  We found a nice spot and walked in.  First of all, you get thrown off because you think it's a take-out pizza place, until you realize that the dining room is off to one side with a private dining room in the back.  We learned that Paula Deen's sons had filmed a show here some years back for the Food Network.  Anyway, despite the early time (5:30pm), the place was packed.  Our reservation was honored, and we got a table towards the back.First item to jump out of the menu to us was arrancini!  We haven't seen that in many years.  Ordered that as a starter.  I ordered the pasta puttanesca and Hubby went for traditional veal scaloppini.  The portions that came out were very generous!  The arrancini came with a marinara sauce that was slightly spicy but very savory.  My pasta puttanesca did not skimp on the anchovies (yup, I love 'em) and Hubby's veal was breaded lightly - just enough to hold the sauce.Service was attentive.  The only issue I have with the place is that is quite cramped and the noise level can get high.  But, the food is quite good.  Is it the best Italian we've had?  Nope. But, to get away from the strip, this local place is an excellent alternative.
5	Nora's is the whole package!  It's a quaint, neighborhood, family restaurant.  There's butcher paper on the tables, the whole place is bustling and there is a 20 minute wait out the door.  Nora's serves up hot, chewy, buttery, garlicky bread to diners.  They offer an extensive wine list and tons of specialty cocktails.  Last night, my husband sampled the pilgrim's passion.  An alluring blend of gin, passion fruit, elderflower, mint and egg whites.  I had a HUGE glass of red sangria ($7.50).  We started with the gemberroni fritti.  Lightly dusted, fried plump shrimp with mixed greens, lemon wedges, and a zesty tomato caper sauce.  ($9.95).  A great way to start.Next, we shared the alla nora ($9.50) and the fettucini carbonara ($12.50).  The alla nora is ground beef, eggplant and spaghetti baked with a crispy crust on top.  It's really good, and a heaping portion. The carbonara was as heart stopping as you'd imagine.  Creamy, dreamy, and delectable.  We finished our hearty meal with a tiramisu.  Light and creamy and perfect coffee flavor.  The tiramisu vanished but lots of leftovers to take home otherwise.  Nora's is simply unbeatable for the value, ambience, and flavor of Italian homestyle cuisine.  If you haven't been, you must.  Make a reservation!! They are always packed....the secret is out!
4	We always visit Nora's when we come to Las Vegas. It is a nice alternative to something in the hotel and the food and service are always great. I opted for the "Crazy Alfredo" on my last visit and it was decent. I still prefer their Vodka Penne over most of the pasta dishes there. The place has a decent selection of wines by the glass as well. The antipasto salad is pretty good and plenty for two people to share as a starter.
4	Food was good and reasonable. We shared a mozzarella caprese salad. The mozzarella and salad were wonderful, but the tomatoes sub- par. The beau had orange ruffey and enjoyed his meal. I had shrimp scampi, not bad, but it doesn't compare to Cheesecake Factory. We shared a chocolate souffle. Who serves souffle without vanilla ice cream? But if they did, it would be the best I've ever had, hands down! Its so sweet you'll either need a glass of milk or some ice cream (hint hint Nora).The service for us was below expectation. Trey was Inattentive to say the least. I could see him leaning against a wall by the bar instead of checking to see how the food was or if we needed anything. They had a band jazzing it up at 9PM, which certainly set the mood.Overall I would return. The food was good and we paid under a bill for two.
5	The Veal Parma Entree is amazing.  That is my go to dish every time I am here.  The garlic bread is terrific, the only problem is they cany keep your bread basket full as your group will surely eat the bread faster then the servers can fill it.  I love this place.
5	As good as it gets in Vegas.  They do a fabulous spaghetti & meatballs, which to me is always the true test of an Italian restaurant.  Great marinara, which they'll spice up with crushed red peppers if ya ask 'em.The garlic bread is fantastic.My wife's a veal lover, and she's never been dissappointed there, francaise, parm or special.Oh yeah,  don't forget a cannoli.  Freshly filled to order.  Gotta quit ... making myself hungry.
4	I love this location, the Osteria in Summerlin is a little different, still good, but it doesn't have that hole-in-the-wall family style feeling. I'm Italian and I hardly like Italian food in restaurants but this place is my only exception. Try everything! And visit the bar too, they have some amazing mixologist's.
4	I met a friend, a Vegas local, at Nora's per her suggestion. It's very close to the Gold Coast where I usually stay (I'm a bingo addict) and away from all the Strip madness. The atmosphere is still great even if the neighborhood isn't all that nice. The food is pretty good. Not the most fantastic stuff I've ever had, but I've enjoyed every dish I've had there. It's definitely better than Fiamma in MGM and about half the price. Vodka penne has been my favorite so far. What really stands out are the cocktails. They have some interesting house cocktails on the menu that were really delicious. I have a decent knowledge of liquors thanks to my cocktail-enthusiast husband, but Nora's had a few things I've never heard of that were fun to try. I loved their Pimm's Cup --so refreshing during summer in the desert.I just realized I've never had dessert here. Gotta go back on my next visit!
5	I have been going to Nora's on Flamingo for almost 20 years, it is the best. Period.
5	They start you out with a basket of perfectly toasted garlic bread. I ordered veal parm. They served it as a bone-in chop and it was perfect! I had a nice bowl of spaghetti as a side dish. The pasta was done just right with a great marinara.Great food, good prices and it's away from the Strip. Highly recommended.
5	We love Nora's.  We've been eating here for many years, and it is our go-to spot for special occasions.  Nora's catered a 50th Anniversary party that we threw in our home, and everyone raved about the food.  Portions are more than generous, and the food quality is outstanding.
5	We just celebrated my friend's birthday there, and the food was delicious! Garlic bread was real good with chunks of garlic on the bread. I had the Chicken Carciofi, and it was real good. My daughter had the chicken parm, she said it was ok. It had way too much pasta, and not enough chicken. It didn't really look that good to me. We were a party of 11, and we had a semi-private room in the back, with a big round table. The staff was very attentive, and friendly. Coffee is Lavazza (my favorite). We will definitely be back.
3	I'm always looking for places where the locals eat - chain restaurants are the same everywhere (which I suppose is their appeal).  Nowhere is this more true than Las Vegas.  Everywhere a traveler goes is greeted by chains, cheap "bargain" places that scare me, or fancy culinary experiences that may be great, but not necessarily affordable by a family of four.  That's why it's worth finding what the locals like.  Nora's Cuisine is such a place.  Our first mistake was not making a reservation - its very busy on a Saturday night with an active, upscale bar crowd and live music.  We sat in one of two other rooms which was also very nice and not too noisy.  The food was quite good and very reasonable, especially considering that the portions were large and filling.  The menu was varied and interesting, so my two picky eaters were happy.  Make no mistake; I've had much better Italian food, but this place was comfortable, friendly, not too fancy (Jeans OK, shorts no), and good service for a decent price.  The next time in Vegas, I'll probably return.
4	This little Italian place tucked away in West Las Vegas is absolutely awesome.  It's a decent drive away from Las Vegas, located close to Spring Valley.  As the others have said, the Garlic Bread is absolutely spectacular, just the perfect touch to any meal.The food is quite authentic and will not disappoint.  The meatballs were extremely tender and the pasta was very fresh.  For any coffee lover, the expresso here is very good as well.  There isn't a single thing on the menu that I would shy away from.As for the environment, the interior is quite cozy and good for a time out with friends or maybe even a casual date.  The noise isn't too loud nor is it awkwardly quiet, which makes it easy to catch up and maintain a conversation.The service was good; however, at peak times it seems like they are understaffed.  The wait can sometimes be long if you don't call in advance for reservations.  Nonetheless, it is worth the wait.  Also, the parking lot is quite small, so you have to plan some time in advance to get a space or to park in the surrounding neighborhood.
5	My favorite Italian Place in town. Cheaper then the strip by far. Make a reservation as this place is always busy. My favorite is the Frutti Di Mare. The Crazy Alfredo is also very good.
2	I honestly cannot see how this placed is reviewed so well. So, we came here after reviewing the reviews of my fellow yelpers and saw a good amount of people in the restaurant. We were served the complimentary one basket of garlic bread. If you want some more garlic bread, it's $1.50 per basket. It was ok. I ordered the lasagna and my bf ordered the "works" which is a mixture of sausage, jalepenos, shrimp, sun-dried tomatoes, and pasta. My lasagna was gross. It had pounds of cheese to mask the nasty flavor of the dish. I couldn't figure out what the flavor was sort of like nutmeg. The works dish was somewhat better. The shrimp was good and the sausage but seperate. All together it was rather nasty. Yes, its not expensive, but save your money its not worth it. We left very dissappointed.
4	I'm so glad my bf knows people that know great places that serve up good food. Overall experience here is definitely four stars. Came here not knowing what to expect-- it was busy, small but had that feeling of authenticity, friendly staff, tables covered with butcher paper. Although  I almost felt out of place walking in here.My bf and I came here wearing  jeans, t-shirt and flip flops and everyone else looked so fancy. But we were able to be seated immediately without being given a hard time so I guess dress code wasn't an issue. Service was quick despite of the traffic. We immediately started off with calamari which was excellent, and also the garlic bread--nicely toasted with some butter and ofcourse garlic. With the help of our server, I got myself a cocktail called the "berry explosion."And it was excellent, not too strong and was berry delicious.For the entree, my bf ordered the "Crazy Alfredo"--sausage, chicken, mushrooms, and shrimp. That was actually real good, I say better than what I ordered, which was the Orange Roughy with angel hair pasta. It was a wee underflavor and wow that fish was fishy. Not a big fan of it but yet again there's plenty of food to choose from and there will be a next time. The place is not that cheap either. 70 bucks including tip for this dinner but it was worth it, minus the fish.. sort of. And we thought it was busy when we got here, but it was mad busy on the way out. They do take reservations and I highly recommend that.
4	It official! Garlic bread is addictingly scrumbdillyicious!!!!Had the rigatoni special, good enuffBut I like dishes that go POW ZAM ZING!So I'm gonna see whats next on the menu Atmosphere is nice n casual, service nice and attentive, would u like more garlic bread? Why yes thanks!Overall a pleasant experience and will be back for more!Mangia!!!!!
3	Mi familia and I rarely go out for Italian food. Mainly because my son only eats cheese pizza and my daughter angel hair with butter and Parmesan cheese. What? I'm gonna spend twenty bucks on that? Sorry kids, no. We're eating in. But we were on vacation. My buddy read up on this place and convinced me to join him and his family. And I'm glad I did. Yeah, the kids got cheese pizza and angel hair with butter. Man, are they REALLY my kids? When are they gonna expand their palates? But the rest of us went for it on the menu and I have to say I was fairly impressed. The garlic bread they drop off at the table is warm, chewy and garlicky. Nice start. And they kept it coming.  Me loves that.  Lots.Hands down best calamari I've ever had in an Italian restaurant. The accompanying sauce wasn't just boring ol' marinara, it was a nice, complex side that went well with the light and crunchy squid.   My buddy ate all the tentacles.Solid house salad. Nothing amazing, but good, fresh ingredients and a tangy dressing.  Perfect soaked up with the bread. The so-so. (There won't be a bad category). The chicken parm was on the small side. Good enough, but not outstanding. Don't order it. Same for the special veal chop. It looks impressive and the price isn't bad - 28 bucks - but it didn't make any of us at the table scream  "Mangia, mangia!" The good. My son's cheese pizza.  Really awesome crust and blend of cheeses. And made for a good breakfast the next day. My wife had the pesto. Perfect. Absolutely perfect. And my linguine with clams? A ton of clams and garlic, nicely proportioned. I cleaned my plate happily. I'm a former waiter and I have to say, the service was pretty good. Apparently, the night we went, the place got slow, so they let a few servers go. Then they got slammed. While we did have to wait, the waiter and bus staff kept their cool, never running around like chickens with their heads cut off. That showed professionalism and didn't ruin our dining experience. Though on the flip side, why didn't the manager just call up a waiter? Tell them, "Get your butt back here, we got slammed!"   That happened to me back in the day.Finally, the bill came. And considering all the food we had, I thought we got out of there cheap. We didn't drink much alcohol, but nine people were stuffed to the gills. Grazie, Nora! Ciao!
5	What a delightful surprise.  Don't miss out on this gem.  Easy to miss in a strip mall, but worth the trip.  Great food and wine.  Make a reservation.  A lot of people know about this wonderful restaurant.
5	Nora's is worth the trip off the strip. My family's been coming here for years whenever we visit our extended family in town. We eat at Nora's at least once. We always order the antipasta salad for the table and get our own entrees. It's the way to go to save a liitle money as well as not over eat. Their garlic bread is pretty bomb. Just don't plan on making out with anyone after. The huge chunks of garlic will repel anyone. I recommend the fetachini sauce or linguini because they're both amazing!Call for reservations because it does get pretty crowded.
5	I've been going to this place since I was a kid and the food is amazing! It has a nice atmosphere as well.
3	Have to downgrade this after an over-salted meal with my family. The garlic bread was especially funky and everything just seemed to taste off--a sign of staleness I believe. So this spot is 1 for 2 which is enough for me to try some other Italian places in town.
3	Unsure why this restaurant is rated so high.  The young boys who greet guests at the door and bus the tables were lovely and adorable but the food was really average or less than average.I visited Nora's many years ago and was disappointed but after hearing so many positive things, I decided to go back - eager, hungry and with an open mind.  I figured I must have visited on an "off" night before.Nope.  Quite mediocre.  Food quality seemed greasy and cheap.Fried Calamari:  Greasy but certainly edible (2.5 stars)Caprese Salad: Mozzarella (5 stars), tomatoes (less than 1 star)Tortellini with Vodka Sauce and added chicken:  pretty tasty (3.5 stars)Garlic Bread:  Tasty but cheap and I am huge bread fan (2.5 stars)Chicken Parm - terrible, way too salty (1 star)Soda: crisp and bubbly (5 stars)espresso:  strong with great flavor (5 stars)Ambience: bustling, a bit noisy because they are so busy, jubilant crowd during baseball game on bar TV, pleasant staff....This is a regular ol' family restaurant.
4	I'm on to your trick Nora's. Telling people that their is a 20 minute wait and then seating them within 10. In all seriousness, they are jammed packed.  With the crowd coming to eat in those numbers on a Thursday, it is impressive. Little events were off throughout the dinner, but the food was good enough to overlook them. A wine/cocktail menu was not presented until I asked. A talk with Robyn L. a while ago had me searching for the Pilgrim's Passion. Ordered that for my friend and I got the Berry Explosive. Both were amazing and worth the $9. It took some time for them to come to the table. I wouldn't have noticed if the waitress didn't come to apologize, so that was nice.The garlic bread came out to tide us over. Surprising that the basket had about ten pieces in it. All were heavy on the garlic. I could smell it when brushing teeth later that night. Oh baby, does that turn you on? They ran the gambit in texture though. Some were burnt, some crunchy, while others were soft and drenched in butter. Most were edible and enjoyable. Dinner is more fun when playing roulette with free items. At least there was no losing in dinner. I had ordered the Alla Nora and it was a bountiful feast. A pile of spaghetti topped in meat sauce, eggplant, and cheese is thrown in the oven or a salamander to give a nice crust. My friends were also as happy with their Tomato Basil Pasta and Crazy Alfredo. Packing most of the dish to go home, I am looking forward to tomorrow, because I always enjoy cold pasta for breakfast.
5	Best Pesto in town, hands down.  Garlic bread is clinically addictive.  Is built into a strip-mall, so the exterior doesn't look like much, but inside is a great atmosphere, classy, perfect for a nice night out.  Occasional live jazz.  Be sure to reserve ahead-of-time - this place is always booked!
1	This place is  really bad. A can of Chef Boyadee would be better than this crap. The linguini and clams were awful, they had the texture of sand and rubber. My mother in law had the nasty cold lasagna. The cheap tasteless bread  was the highlight of this dump. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE!
5	2 words... Osso Bucco. Best in town! Wait, best ever! I usually have to call to see if they're offering it for the night, but it's phenomenal! No joke. It's fantastic. I don't even like eating meat, and I will crave this dish! Antonio and Rudy behind the bar are amazing mixologists and have created some of the coolest cocktails I've ever had!
5	Normally reservations are required but we went early enough in the evening that a table for 2 was available. Had the Zup Faglioni, Alla Nora and Crazy Alfredo. Best cannoli with pistacio nuts. Serving size is huge for the price paid.  Server knew the menu and gave the recommendations.  Garlic bread is the best.  Rigatoni special and house salad was excellent
1	Yuck!  I visited this place with a friend after a number of people recommended it to us.  Food was inedible!  We ordered a salad that was wilted and drenched in bottled dressing, pasta puttanesca (which we figured no one could screw up - but lo and behold, they destroyed it), and a veal dish.  We had to send the veal back because it was so tough and chewy, they very graciously took it back to the kitchen, but sent a new one to us that was just as terrible.  We didn't eat hardly anything and then left without even taking the food home as it was that bad.  We couldn't figure out why anyone would recommend it.  I do have to say the service was very good, but that's the only redeeming thing we found about it.
4	I didn't see my MIL and GIL on my birthday so they wanted to take me out to a belated birthday dinner. I have had this bookmarked for quite a while. We were given a basket of garlic bread while we wait for our order. MM! I am a garlic freak so I was taking the garlic off everyone else's slices since they like it light on garlic. You can also request plain toasted if you don't do garlic. The BF had cheese ravioli w/ alfredo- the raviolis are fresh made in house and were very good (I took a bite of course, tee hee) and the sauce was thick and had good flavor. Mom had the lasagna- she's been wanted lasagna for weeks and she was very happy with it here. It had little sausage bites in it instead of just meat sauce and cheese. She's a light eater normally, but she tore into that! Grandma had spaghetti and meatballs- she liked the meatballs here a lot and they did look quite good. I had the chicken mt etna- it wasn't bad, but I think I ordered the wrong thing. The individual components were good- chicken with peppers and cheese and balsamic together was nice and chicken was juicy, the onion strings were crisp and the seasoning was great, roasted potatoes good. There was angel hair that was crisp to like a uncooked top ramen consistency which is a bit odd and between all these layers was a bit much. I ate the onion strings and some of the chicken. I can see some people really liking this type of stuff (I ordered it based on the Yelp summary on top of it being mentioned in reviews), but to me it's the classics here that are standouts and can't steer wrong with a solid plate of pasta.I ended up asking for a side of linguini with vodka sauce. I'm so glad I did because it really changed my dinner. The sauce was superb and close to the vodka sauce at my favorite Italian place in LA I've been going to since I was a kid. I got my bread and wiped that bowl clean! The BF tried some and he is now saying we are going back for some of that! The quality, taste,portion to price ratio is fantastic here. Most pasta dishes were around $9-11 with specialties in the $14-20 range with a few meat specialties from $22-30. That's like Olive Garden prices and leaps better. Very reasonable compared to a lot of other Italian places in town. $60 +tip for 5 dishes and drinks is not bad at all! Our server was very attentive, personable and polite throughout. He kept checking in without being obtrusive to dinner conversation, filled drinks half full, had good pacing for boxes and check that we didn't wait for any need. We ended up chatting with him and he's actually a busser who they sometimes let serve. Casey should be a server as that's some seriously great service!  Way better than some of these seasoned jokes around town. He gave me a tiramisu even to top off the  birthday dinner (for those curious- pretty good, heavy on the coffee notes so a dessert for those who love their coffee). Despite what I ordered originally, this place is great for the classics and service is great. Definitely coming back and sad I haven't tried it sooner.
4	When in Vegas we make it a point to dine at Nora's.  Yes, Chicago has many wonderful Italian restaurants, but Nora's is a treat while on vacation (usually around my birthday).  I suggest making reservations as they get quite busy especially on the weekends.They start you off with a basket of garlic bread, so delicious!  When I was there last I had the Osso Bucco.  It was probably the best I have had in years.  It was tender and just plain phenomenal!  Had to pass on dessert, ate too much of the main course! Definitely a place be a regular!
2	Very disappointing.  I have been going to Nora's since '94.  It has slowly gone downhill from then.  I recently had a 8 pm appointment and took a date.  I checked in at 7:50 but wasn't seated until 8:25, and then right behind the hostess podium.  Good business, as usual, can bring a business down.  I'm done.
5	We had 5:30 reservations at Nora's Cuisine for dinner, for my birthday (11/17). Good thing too - by 6:00 it was packed!This is an Italian place on W Flamingo & Jones, in a strip mall. It gets very good reviews on yelp and TA, has reasonable prices and they do my favorite dish - Veal Marsala. I had signed up for email specials and had a coupon for 1 free appetizer and dessert and another coupon for 10% off. They accepted both coupons! The dining room is all tables and chairs with butcher paper topped white tablecloths. The entire ceiling is covered in trinacria (the 3-legged symbol on the Sicilian flag). Casual enough for jeans. The lady at the next table was also celebrating her birthday, today! Again, small world. She said I had to try the Berry Explosive - she was RIGHT! The food was the best Italian we've had in 20 years - I kid you not - I wish I could write a description of how it tastes besides saying OMG it was good!Garlic BreadArancini (4) for an appetizerCrazy Alfredo for hubbyVeal Marsala for meTiramisu for dessertBerry Explosive (I'm hooked - it went well with the meal too - go figure)Jack for hubbyThe bill came to $49.00 - deal of the century for food & drink this good! I'll never come to LV again without eating at least one meal here.
2	This place is so overrated.  What a disappointment!  We were sent here on some very high recommendations.  I just can't figure out all the fuss??The garlic bread is a soggy sliced sub roll with butter and no real garlic flavor.  The fried calamari was terrible!  Soggy and greasy, no crunch at all and a pool of grease on the bottom of the plate.  The chicken parm was another disappointment.  2 small chicken tenders, a little sauce, a little cheese, a little pasta, and a pool of water on the bottom of the plate.  An Italian restaurant that serves pasta swimming in water??  C'mon that ain't right.It's not overly expensive, but for the portion and the quality, it's still a rip-off!Oh, and the parking is a joke.  I suppose its because the place is so crowded (no idea why), or maybe its the bar, or maybe the fast food place... whatever the reason, good luck finding a parking place.No reason to give this place a second try.
5	Noras is like my second home, here in Vegas its hard to find a place with good food.My friends and I will come here about 4-7 times a month, the staff is amazing and welcomes you like your there sister, drinks are heaven, and for being a vegetarian the eggplant is the best, i mean the best! out of this world.
5	The food is absolutely amazing. No reason to go to an italian place on the strip when Nora's quality of food, preperation, and price are perfect. The calamari is just right, the free basket of garlice bread is a perfect addition as well. The main courses offer such quality and variety, and the servers are spot on. DO NOT MISS THIS PLACE.
2	This used to be the spot to come too for some down home Italian food...maybe it's been an off 2 last visits.  I do a lot of takeout as well as dine in and have to say that lately the food has been getting blander.  Maybe they should work on keeping their reputation than overfilling their seats.
4	Will absolutely be back. Highly recommend!Called midweek for a same day reservation. They said 9pm was the earliest. We showed up 30 minutes early and they sat us promptly. 5 star Didn't care for my table that much. It was a small 2 person table against the wall crammed next to a stage. But we had a table, and the place was packed.. walk ins were being told long wait times, so I cant complain. In the future I might request not having that table again.  4 starWine list was solid and sure to have something for most people though I wish it had a few more options in the 100-200 range. 4 starAfter I ordered a bottle of amarone it arrived with a decanter and the waiter proceeded to open it. What shocked me was the battery powered aerator that was used during the pour from the bottle to the decanter. Our first course was tomato bruschetta. The nice thing about mid age armarone for me is the way it opens up over the meal. The acidity would have paired perfect with the ripe tomatoes, and later on, after it sat for 30 minutes in the decanter, it would have opened up perfectly for the main courses. I didn't get to enjoy that experience. What I got was a wine that tasted like it had just been through a blender. 2 starTomato Bruschetta was decent, but I wasn't a huge fan. The baguette was fresh but had been soaked in way to much olive oil. The tomatoes were cut too large to eat on a baguette without falling off and I never got the flavor of garlic, basil and pepper. Not to say there wasn't any but for me it was bland. On the positive side my girlfriend highly enjoyed the generous portion of tomatoes, almost twice as much as you would normally see on this type of dish. 3 starFor the main I ordered the crazy alfredo and it was amazing. Packed with mushrooms and peppers.. pasta just right... topped with awesome shrimp... the sauce was perfect! This dish is divine. 5 starShe had the spaghetti and meat balls. The meatballs were enormous and very good but the noodles were served soft. In an Italian restaurant, we were expecting al dente. It wasn't spaghetti either, it was more like spaghettini. Overall a decent dish but I had higher hopes. 4 starWe pre ordered the souffle for dessert. NOM NOM 5 starIt was so good it has inspired me to create my own yelp award. I will call it the Nom Nom award and reserve it for dishes that are so good they make you slow down when eating... enjoying the moment while making cavman like noises with your partner in between the omg this is so freaking good stares you share. Yea, its that good.This dessert is 5 star plus and wins my first nom nom award.Service was excellent. Staff was busy but not stressed out, everyone was happy. With a full house and a line almost out the door this is a rare combination. Our waiter was prompt, friendly and serviced the table properly. Our wine and water stayed full and the table was kept neat by the busser. 5 starOver all a solid 4 with potential for more when I go back and sample their pizzas and other offerings.
5	Delicious food great atmosphere nice people one of my top 3 places to eat!
2	Food is really very very average here.  I feel bad writing a poor review as the prices and service are very good.We were seated promptly and with a smile.  Everyone, the host, waiter, even the water guy were very cheerful.  Possibly the best service i've had in vegas.But the food :(Garlic bread - cold, really no flavorSide salad - ridiculous amount of olivesGnocci - really bland...basic red sauceMy friend had recommended this place and claims to really like it.  She had the Chicken Marsala and upon sharing a bite with her i'll be making her dinner next time because I think I can do better ;)I would/will give this place another shot at some point because the service was very good.  I really wanted to like Nora's.
5	Even though I barely come to Vegas now, if I ever visit, I will definitely come here. Their calamari was delicious nice and crispy, so good. I loved the chicken marsala too. Everything about it was just perfect. The dessert here was unbelievable. Other desserts at chain Italian restaurants like Pasta Pomodoro and Macaroni and Grill are ok but these were awesome. The oreo ice cream was really unique and tiramisu, I could've just eaten a million slices of it. If you're visiting Vegas anytime soon, this is must to eat here.
5	I don't live in Vegas anymore, but during the time I lived there I frequented this place at least a few times a month. Awesome food. You have to sit in the back at the bar for the best experience. The bartenders are awesome and remembered me every time I came in. The staff that tended to the front room was OK but not the same atmosphere as you get at the bar. The live music nights were always good....another reason to sit in the back at the bar. Great local spot away from the awful strip. Good date night place!
4	Best hole in the wall in Vegas
4	Nice Neighborly Vibe and Good Food.....Pros:   Good portions and value.  Friendly atmosphere.  Not far from the Strip.Cons:  Perhaps too popular?  If you want fancy, look elsewhere.Ratings:-   Overall:    4-   Food Quality:  3-4-   Food Quantity:  4-   Menu:   4-   Wine List:   3-   Service:   5-   Fancy Factor:   2-   Neighborly Feel:    5-   Smell:    5-   Cost:     4-   Value:     5My wife and I, along with 3 other couples from San Jose, traveled to Las Vegas to meet another couple for the husband's 65th birthday.  Friends had a strong recommendation for Nora's from people they trust, so the group agreed to have one of our 3 dinners at this restaurant.Although we stayed in a hotel along the infamous Strip, Nora's was only a 10 minute cab ride to the west.  As many Yelpers have noted, it's not a fancy place from the outside...and not exactly on the inside either... but some of the best Italian food we've found was in similar surroundings ( like the late lamented Gaetano's in the LA suburb of La Habra and some in our hometown of San Jose ).We had reservations for 10 people at 915 PM on a Thursday evening, but when we arrived at 9 PM, it was packed.  No surprise according to plenty of reviewers.  But the guy handling reception duties, servers  and even other customers waiting for tables were in a good mood.  Is everyone in Las Vegas a comedian ( or trying to be )?By the way, there was one promising sign of a happy meal to come.  We all know how big promises can lead to big disappointment, but I've noticed...at least with Italian restaurants...if it smells good in the parking lot, it usually tastes good later on.  Nora's passed the smell test.Patrons were slow to leave, but one table left at 915 PM so some of the staff rearranged things and our group got into their chairs by 925 PM.  A bit late for me ( I typically start dinner about 7 ), though we were on Vegas time. Although we shared the room with a party of 20 celebrating a birthday, there was no cramping of space for us or several other tables for 2 and 4.Age has its benefits, but short-term memory is not one of them.  Details on the food have faded into a haze ( maybe from the casino in the Mirage.  What a hell hole! ), but longer lasting impressions are important, too.The menu was quite large and varied with many favorites recognized from the lists of Italian restaurants in neighborhoods around the country.  Question was...how well did Nora's handle the job?First thing on the table were loaves of garlic bread.  I usually can't resist that stuff, especially is it's half decent, and it was really good that night.  Or maybe I was just starved.  Either way, after a basket of bread and part of my draft beer, I began to breathe as if the waiter brought a dose of smelling salts.  I'll always remember my mother saying "don't load up on bread", but it's a hard habit to break.Friends passed around several salads, though since I'm not a sharer, I kept my plate behind a moat of utensils.  That's just as well.  I need my own salad every day...and it was quite good.  Nobody at the table voiced any disagreement.My entree was eggplant parmagiana, which as a "chicken-fish" vegetarian, I seem to order a lot of the time.  I'd give it an 8 on a scale of 10.  Not bad!  Good size, texture and tomato taste.  The side order of spaghetti was also respectable.  My wife's chicken marsala was good, but she thought the sauce was too sweet.  I can't remember what our friends had, but nobody raised their hand to complain, at least publicly. By the time we finished at 11 PM, our group of greying baby boomers was a tad tuckered, so we bypassed dessert and called cabs for the short ride back to the Mirage.We split the bill evenly among the 5 couples and each paid an astoundingly small $44 plus tip.  That's a lotta food in a high priced town.  Service was friendly in a good-natured, smart-alecky way.  The oldest member of the staff I spotted was in his 30's, so it seemed like a bunch of neighborhood kids...the family?...running the restaurant and having fun doing it.  You almost felt like a regular after one visit.There must be tons of Italian restaurants around Las Vegas, but if you need to get away from crowds in the big hotels, Nora's is a solid choice for eating within a decent distance of your room.
4	We were staying nearby with no car, so we walked over after yelping it. We got a table in the kitchen and were treated well. Great pasta, the scallopini was a bit salty for me, but I generally don't use salt, so I may be over-sensitive. The waiters were nice and friendly. This is a well organized place that obviously has been doing it right for a long time.
5	My wife and I were doing a brief get away in Vegas. We can only handle one or two nights of all the Strip has to offer, and were really wanting something more mom & pop'ish. We found this place on Yelp and saw several great reviews. We decided to give it a try. We made same day reservations and they seated us within 5 minutes even though we were running a little late. When you walk in you're hit by a great smell and the place feels like a happening local food spot. We had over-eaten all weekend a weren't terribly hungry, so we ordered a little lite. We split the Veal Marsala. Incredible sauce and great meat. It was the best Marsala sauce we've ever tried. It came with a side of spaghetti that was good as well. We also had a bowl of pasta soup (Farmagiano?) that was huge, hearty (filled with beans and pasta shells) an was great. I had a gratis glass of house red via our friends at yelp and we were out the door for $30. If you're looking for a friendly, home style change of pace from the big-ness of Vegas, and are craving great and affordable Italian food, do yourself a favor and check this place out. Highly recommended.
5	Great service, quality Italian, awesome live band (Nat King Cole/ Frank Sinatra jams), off the Strip and close to home--what can be better than this?  I came here twice within a month.  It's intimate, yet fun to bring a small group of friends.  Reservations are recommended, because they are quite popular with the locals.  The calamari is a great starter (light in batter, crispy, yet not oily).The Frutti di Mare with the spicy marinara is yummy if you like a whole lotta seafood.  All portions are big, so you can share between two people. But if you like something light in taste and creamy and not too meaty... I recommend the Melrose Shrimp.  Creamy basil pesto, zucchini & sun-dried tomatoes, and linguini-- garnished with 3-4 giant succulent seasoned shrimps.  There are pine nuts added which gives it a nice crunch, but you can ask them to hold off on that if you're allergic or it's not your thing.I really enjoyed their live band which played a lot of vocal jazz (New Orleans kinda tunes).  It was great vibe.  My friends and I had so much fun--we'll definitely be back!
4	Great food and pretty reasonable considering Vegas.  Loved my pasta dinner and the service was great.  I would go back but probably ask to sit in the dining room instead of the bar.  Salads are  large so share.
3	I don't know if I would drive all the way out there to dine here, but if you are in the area the food was very tasty.  Here are my gripes : if you check in on Yelp there's a special for a fresh glass of wine, well they didn't want to honor that for the Sangria, thought that was really cheapo of them.  Second complaint, my girlfriend ordered a grilled chicken dish [aka means healthy typically] it was swimming in olive oil. Like she was moving the chicken out of the oil. Third, the definitely don't have the best garlic rolls, while they are good, we ordered a side of tomato sauce to dip them in.Morale of the story....Panevino is still my favorite Italian for a "locals spot" in Vegas.
4	Second time to this restaurant; I think this is a nice little local hold-in-the-wall place that offers quality food that's in the Spring Valley area.  I don't think this is the best Italian restaurant, but if you are in the neighborhood, give it a try!
5	Come hungry! The garlic bread is delicious and the entree portions are huge. Excellent service as well.
4	I came here from a recommendation from my boyfriend as we both travel a lot for work. I read the reviews and saw many people rave about the vodka sauce. I am a huge fan of vodka sauce as it may be my favorite or close behind meat sauce. I have tried several Italian places in Las Vegas, and none of them have very good vodka sauce. I enjoyed the gnocchi with vodka sauce and it was amazing. I think it was one of my favorite vodka sauces I have had. They give you fresh garlic bread which was used to soak up every last bit of the sauce. It was that good. The gnocchi were perfectly cooked.Nora's is really busy, even at 8 pm on a Monday night. I sat at the bar and the service was great.
4	I am back! My first experience at Nora's was great! Me, the hubbs, and his mother all went to grab lunch - and seeing how Moises loves pizza, and him seeing their yelp reviews we decided to try it out. The service at the time was very attentive and classy. Drinks never went dry, they let us know of the bread charges - when some places don't. The pasta dishes felt home made, pizza and the crust yummy. My boyfriend is from Brooklyn, so he is a bit of a pizza snob, and loved this. We loved the garlic bread, it was toasted good, fresh garlic on top.Not only did I love the food, moderate prices, but I really loved the atmosphere. It gave the good old Las Vegas vibe, with Frank Sinatra playing in the background. It's a part of Las Vegas, not a lot of appreciate - but I felt it in here, that is love. I marked down a star because we came in the next day for dinner, and the service wasn't that attentive like it was for lunch the previous day. It was pretty packed, so I'm not going to knock on them for it.
2	The food was ok. The highlight of the meal was the molten chocolate cake with pistachio anglaise. However, it came 20 minutes after the meal was over and it was pre-ordered per their request. I understand that it was made fresh but being a chef I know they had plenty of time. What should be the restaurants bread and butter  the red sauce  tasted like watered down Ragu. The place is also a fire hazard you can't even get to the bathroom because the tables are so jammed together. Nora's used t be much better and they can do better.
4	We recently returned to Las Vegas and went back to a favorite in years past, Nora's. The food and atmosphere was a wonderful as before. Our waiter, Anthony, was professional and delightful. Our server Kacey also made us feel very welcome. I think that Nora's is one of the best Italian restaurants in Vegas. My favorite dish is Alla Non which is a huge portion of eggplant/meat sauce and pasta. Its delicious. I highly recommend this restaurant, and ask for one of Anthony's tables, he takes good care of you as does Kacey. Good job to Nora's for great employee's and even greater food.
5	Great food. I leaved in Italy four years and it felt like being back   Wonderful
5	In the quest to find an Italian restaurant that can be a staple in my weekly diet, I have had to travel across town to the corner of Flamingo and Jones in a strip mall to find a hidden gem called  Noras. Appetizer: The ,arancini  are stuffed deep-fried risotto balls  This is the perfect appetizer that you crave.Main Course: Make your own pasta dish with your preferred pasta, sauce, and add-ons.  ie. Linguini with arrabiata sauce and chicken.Dessert: Did not try dessert.  Will explore in my future visits.If there are any 5 star Italian restaurants between Noras and Henderson please let me know.
3	So my family and I decided to try to do a place of the strip this weekend and saw the reviews for Nora's and thought we would give it a try.  We had reservations at 8 and did not get seated unit 8:45.  When we sat down it seemed we only had one waiter for the half of the entire restaurant.  Even though she was very friendly it seemed like they were very understaff. Never once got asked if we needed a refill or another drink.  Can not complain about the food however it was very delicious.  So all in all I probably will not come back due to the fact that it is a $20 cab ride and the service was not great at all.
5	This is such a great place for locals and for visitors who are looking to eat off of the strip.  The staff is extremely friendly and entertaining.  They usually have live music on the weekends and the environment is romantic/inviting and not pretentious.
5	This place is amazing!  It will be a dining destination anytime I visit Las Vegas.  It is off the strip, it is full of locals and it is perfectly priced!  The food is as good as it gets with unique Italian dishes and phenomenal pizza! Highly recommend this restaurant.
5	When I refer people to Nora's they're a little taken aback, because of the location. But they're always impressed. The eggplant parm got me in the door. The tasty garlic bread & good service kept me going back. It's fairly easy to get in & out during lunchtime (a popular place for business lunches) & you can call orders in for pick up. The ambiance is kicked up a couple notches for dinnertime so you'll need reservations (quite nice for an intimate dinner).
5	Friendly waiters, good music(the standards) of course. Love the garlic bread, ordered the mozzarella caprese, delish and fresh. The Angus rib eye was nice and fatty, and the crazy Alfredo was big and sloppy with lots of sausage flavor. For desert we got the chocolate cake,  it was rich and hot it was drizzled in butter vanilla sauce and crushed pistachio.
4	Love Nora's! It's tucked away in a non-descript strip mall and doesn't look much from the outside. Once you step inside you're greeted with the enticing smell of roasted garlic and fresh baked pizza. The salads, pasta and dishes are all fantastic, you really can't go wrong. The fettucini carbonara satisfied my craving and I had plenty to take home. I highly recommend Nora's for a casual lunch or dinner out. It's family style and a bit noisy, but definitely will not disappoint! Buon Appetito!
5	Sit at the bar and take in the old Las Vegas vibe. Order the Arancini and the Castiglion Del Bosco Brunello. Enter heaven.
5	Nora's is my New spot for Italian in Vegas .been hearing about it for a while. went last week , nothing but good things , Excellent Food , outstanding service , and very reasonably  priced. Had the lasagna, Excellent , bur friends Had the Baked Ziti and It looked unreal. can't wait to try it  .
5	Phenomenal food, service and ambiance. My gf and I double dated with another couple here late on Friday night. I was a bit worried to sit down for dinner after 10:30, but my worries were quickly dismissed upon arrival. There was a band playing some jazz music in the room to the right and we were seated far enough away from the band to where we could talk but still hear the music faintly in the background. I was very happy about this because sometimes loud music blaring in my ears can be a turn off during dinner time. I like conversation, what can I say. I discovered that upon checking in on Yelp, I received a free glass of wine. AMAZING! Our friends ordered the sangria which they could not stop raving about! I highly suggest ordering this if you love sangria because it is some of the best I have ever had. We began our meal with an order of Arancini. I've never heard of or seen this on a menu before, but when my girlfriend saw them she went nuts. They looked like meatballs but were fried balls of risotto, cheese, peas, and meat sauce. Incredible! I could have eaten ten of them! Our waiter also brought out a basket of garlic bread and I thought it was excellent. We opted to share the special for the evening upon our server's recommendation, which was Chicken Mount Etna. This dish was really unique. I have never had anything like it. The chicken was cooked perfectly with some mozzarella cheese and peppers and was served on top of crispy, fried, angel hair pasta (think ramen noodle texture?) with a balsamic sauce/reduction and topped with onion strings. Strange combinations for an Italian restaurant, but REALLY REALLY GOOD. I cannot stress the deliciousness enough. It was a perfect portion for us to share, but I couldn't resist ordering a side of penne a la vodka (I'm a sucker). Their vodka sauce was delicious! For dessert, we pre-ordered the warm chocolate cake. I'm not a chocolate cake fan, but my gf loved it as did the rest of the table. Our server was amazing. My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions. Even though we were one of the last tables in the restaurant because we started late, I did not feel rushed or get the vibe that they were waiting to go home. Everything was perfect. I recommend this spot for a date night, dinner with friends, or any time you want some home cooked, reasonably priced, off the strip Italian food.
5	My daughter, her friend, and I are on vacation in Vegas. We ate here yesterday and it was the BEST Italian food we have ever had! It was so good, we went back today and recommended it to a couple on the way back to the Venetian. We will NEVER visit Vegas again without a visit to Nora's!
4	Nora's has some of the best Italian food in all of Vegas.  Their prices are reasonable.  The food quality is good.  Your 1st basket of garlic bread is free($1.50 per basket after)  I recommend a reservation as the place is ALWAYS packed.  Good quality food, good service, good prices.  I have been a customer of Nora's since 1994!  Good luck finding better Italian food in Las Vegas!
4	Nora's Salad ain't no joke.  Roasted bell peppers, fresh lettuce and homemade dressing.  Great flavors.  Really good.    Although I am not a fan of alfredo or gnocchi, if you're into that, my friend swears by the alfredo gnocchi.  I tried a bite but it was too rich for me.  In the defense of Nora's alfredo, I have never liked alfredo sauce anywhere.  I had the lasagna and thought it was better than Chef Boyardee.  I wouldn't say this is the best Italian food in town, but it is worth a visit.
5	* * * * *  Review # 250  * * * * *I had an eye opener within the past 24 hours.  I had heard really good things about Nora's from several different sources, and finally ventured out with Diane and another couple to find out for myself.  What I discovered was one of the finest and most consistent Italian restaurants I have had the pleasure of experiencing anywhere. Very good buttery and complimentary Garlic Bread?  Check!  A well-seasoned and very tasty, lightly floured Gamberoni Fritti with succulent shrimp?  Check!  A hot and tasty, complex cup of Pasta Fagioli with Ditalini Pasta, tomato pieces, and an abundance of beans?  Check!A fine House Salad with small black olives, tomato quarters, a light Italian Dressing, a pepperoncini, and crunchy greens covered with a dense coat of cool Mozzarella Cheese coils?  Check!Large and thin, nicely pounded medallions of veal covered by mushroom slices and bathed in a hot and welcome sweet Marsala Sauce?  Check!A large bowl of steaming al dente Spaghetti, sweet Meat Sauce, & toothsome Mushrooms?  Check! A comfortable, dimly lit ambiance, with an aroma of pleasant Italian spices that greets one's nostrils as soon as the front door swings open?  Check!And, excellent, attentive service throughout dinner service?  Check!It was one of those meals where everything pretty much fell into place like clockwork, with wonderful course building upon wonderful course.The only speed bumps encountered this night were a small piece of lettuce head core found on my salad plate; the restaurant being all out of The Republic of Tea Ginger Peach Longevity Tea; and no available gelato except Cookies 'N Cream.  Small blips all!   I look forward to an early return engagement!
5	Anthony @ the bar is amazing!!!  Gotta try his Milagro peno martini! Well that and everything else we tried.  Good vibes, good food food, great drinks, great service!!!  I'll be back.
4	One of my biggest complaints about Vegas is that all the restaurants are chain restaurants.  I go out of my way to find "normal" family owned restaurants.  We found Nora's and always impressed with the service and price at this Italian eatery that started many years ago as a pizza joint.  Even on a week night, reservations are recommended.  A typical evening will show you 5-6 different servers all focused on your needs...  One does beverages, one does bread, one takes your order, one does water, another serves your order...  And they communicate very well so you dont even notice that it is someone different each time.  The food there can be good to great.  The portions, generally speaking, are not huge but filling, but they are priced right.  For dinner for two, we plan about $40.  I have taken clients here for lunch, and have not been disappointed.  Saturday nights can get noisy as they have a singer who comes in.  This is a favorite date night spot for us, and I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for some good, "real" Italian food!
2	I was hoping for a better experience at Nora's because it is a popular, independent, family owned place, generally the kind of restaurant I like to support. There were three of us and we had a reservation for 7:30 PM on a weekday evening. We were quickly seated and given menus. The waiter kept prompting us to order drinks but only one of us wanted a glass of wine. We received a small basket of garlic bread which was OK. It was quite a while before our food order was taken and by the time our food arrived we had been there for 50 minutes. Two of us had the "Crazy Alfredo." The third person had the pasta with broccoli. That dish was so salty as to be inedible and was sent back. It was another 15 minute wait for it to be replaced.  The two of us who had the Crazy Alfredo both thought it was OK but nothing special. Same opinion from the person who had the pasta with broccoli.Around 8:30 a female vocalist and her male musician accompanist began performing from a small stage at the front of the room. Mostly blues and song titles from the 40s & 50s. That was enjoyable.Menu prices here were average for a restaurant of this caliber. Drink prices seemed high. A glass of "house red wine" was $9.50. Sorry to say, but there was just not much here to draw me back again.
2	Been going to Nora's for years and had a very disappointing dinner on Saturday night, food was way below average and the service was very rushed, our waitress Marla B was unfriendly,rude and made us feel very rushed. I will not be in a hurry to return or take our out of town guests for awhile.
2	For some reason locals love this place.  I am not one of those people.  I've eaten many a meals here and always wondered why it was so busy.  The one thing I do like is the live music.  If you long for old-school vegas stop by the bar and listen to the band.  Eat dinner somewhere else first.
4	A must for amazing authentic Italian cuisine.  Went with my resident Italian chef and he gave it a thumbs up.  The steak rivals those from steak houses.  The Cheese Tortellini is perfection.  I loved the spinich/ricotta cheese pizza.  The food is amazing, but the service may be a bit slow.  We went for 9:30 dinner on a Saturday night, the service started great then slowed... Had to wait on water refills and kitchen was slow, tough the food/wait is worth it.  If you go to Vegas and like Italian, this place is definitely worth checking out.
5	This was fantastic!!! Best italian i've probably ever had. First, we had reservations at 7 and we were seated at about 710. We each had a glass of wine, we ordered the house salad regular size and shared it(plenty big for 2 ppl) brushetta, and for pur entree's i ordered the eggplant parm BEST I'VE EVER EVER EVER HAD!!! i always order eggplant parm anywhere we go that offers it..this one takes the cake! He ordered the gnocci(spelling?) In vodka sauce and requested it spicy.. he gave it a 10 and this is a man that gives everything a 8 that he likes.... we finished with the fresh out of the oven chocolate lava cake TO DIE FOR! The food came out with perfect timing one thing after another...cant wait to come back...see you next week Nora's!!!
4	Don't wanna be ANYWHERE near the strip and want Italian food?  Come here! Great atmosphere, private and romantic.  Their Fried Calamari is amazing.  Traditional Italian courses galore and the service is good.  I would totally return.
3	Lasagna was ok but they killed it with tooo much cheese baked on top. not enough sauce either.
5	Nora's is absolutely delicious!!!! Make sure you get Bryce & Kasey!!! They're amazing!!!!! I could eat 30 pounds of the Broccoli Pasta! Locals favorite!
5	Since I last reviewed Nora's two months ago, I have been here twice more, and each time it just gets better and better.  Wonderful food smells of pizza and other Italian delicacies strike one's nostrils as soon as the front door is opened; the friendly service has remained generally excellent regardless who I was served by; and the food has continued to be piping hot and always delicious.  I now realize that the Veal Parmigiana is as good and tender as the Veal Marsala; the Garlic Bread is consistently delectable (my group of 4 polished off 2 baskets); and the Chicken Soup is on the same high plane as the homemade Pasta Fagioli.On my latest foray I enjoyed Antipasto Salad, and could barely finish half of it.  I look forward to eating the remainder later at lunch today.  Topped by chunks of fresh Mozzarella Cheese, folded over curls of tasty ham mixed with leafy greens, ripe wedges of red tomato, black olives, pepperoncini, and more, all coated with a dripping light Italian Dressing, beckon.The Chicken Soup, which I was smart enough to order as a bowl rather than a cup, contained thin lengths of chicken just as I preferred, mixed with cooked celery and pieces of tomato, swimming in a hot, very tasty chicken broth.  It took many tablespoonfuls for me to finish it all, and almost ruined my appetite.  But not quite!With considerable effort I also finished off a large cheesy and tomato sauce-covered medallion of Veal Parmigiana accompanied by smoking Spaghetti Bolognese with mushrooms added, as I had decreed.  Diane got a requested bowl of extra Alfredo Sauce to ladle over her Veal and Penne Alfredo at no extra charge.  Here one can have whatever the tummy desires!For good reason, Nora's will remain one of my several fine, go-to Italian restaurants in Vegas!
5	The arancini (risotto balls) were excellent! I ordered the Frutti Di Mare which had generous amounts clams, shrimp, mussels and calamari over linguine pasta in a red sauce and it was exceptional! The serving size was a very generous portion and my unfinished portion came home in a take out. The service is both friendly and attentive. They also had live entertainment  (blues/jazz) which made the dining experience enjoyable. I definitely recommend this place and I feel their pricing is fair considering the portions.
5	Can't believe I have lived up the street from this place for 6 months and had not tried it yet. Went for my birthday a few weeks ago and have already been back twice since. Great food quality for the price and excellent flavor. The linguini with red clam sauce was awesome and at $13 it's a steal! Tonight we ordered an 18" pie with 3 toppings and it came to $17 total. Well worth it... better than a majority of the pizza places in town and cheaper with better quality ingredients. You know a place is good when its busy every night for dinner, even tonight on a Monday the place was packed and the kitchen was slammed. Looking forward to my next visit, probably next week :) hahaThis is a must visit Italian spot with an old school feel and great prices!
5	Have loved this place for years.......is always great......yum,yum,yum.!!For people that give a bad review......suggest you try again,or quite simply,you don't know good food.
5	I had a Carbonara there, that was to die for; and the servers were really friendly.
4	Soooooooo delish!  Smells wonderful as you approach the doors of this hidden gem.  Don't let the strip mall location fool you, this is wonderful, friendly authentic Italian!Decided already this will be among our favorite dining spots.  We topped by for an early dinner prior to a show, the place was filling fast on a weeknight, so call ahead to reserve your table!
5	I found out about this place way back in 2003. I'm a huge fan of Italian food so when my husband and I got married in Las Vegas I asked the locals where the best Italian Restaurant was and they named Nora's. Our first dining experience there was in 11/03, we live in California and every chance we get to go to Las Vegas, we always make it a point to have lunch or dinner at Nora's. One year we took a trip to Texas to buy a car, so when we planned our route back to California, we stopped in town for dinner, since it was during the holiday season, Nora's wasn't open on the day we went so we stayed the night in Las Vegas just so that we could dine at Nora's the next day, that's how big a fan we are! I have become adventurous and have tried many items on their menu, it never disappoints. This past August we took our 6-year-old super picky eater to dine at Nora's. She still talks about it today, her cheese pizza with pesto sauce was the best she's ever had. My only wish is that I either lived in Las Vegas or that Nora's would move to California
5	So delicious! I recently had dinner here for a friend's birthday, which consisted of a smorgasbord of different appetizers.  Usually, I am quite the picky eater and though I'm open to trying different dishes, it's rare I enjoy everything.This was one of those rare occasions!Shrimp scampi was my favorite, but the caprese salad (buffalo mozz - oh so delightful!!), focaccia bread, garlic bread, antipasto salad...it was all amazing.The service was fantastic as well; so were the espresso martinis we had for dessert.  Next time, I'm trying a full meal.  Thank you, Nora's!
5	Great place.  We had a lovely meal.   We had an extraordinary halibut dish.   I had chicken marsala.  Kids had lasagna and pasta carbonara. We also had calamari that was divine.   Service matched the food.   Why anyone would go to a chain restaurant with this jewel in Vegas? Beats me.   Just superb!
5	Had dinner with friends here last night and everything far exceeded my expectations. We had the steak bruschetta and spinach farro salad for app's and both were so delicious. We all loved our main courses, two of us had very picky specifications and they got both of our changed dishes perfect. Such an enjoyable meal. Then we shared their homemade cheesecake for dessert and it was to-die-for. Our server was good too, don't remember his name. Next time I am in town I will definitely be back!
4	Nora's is legendary for Las Vegas. Every local tells their friends that this is the spot. I think it is for a few specific reasons. Food quality is always good and the dishes are consistent. Sequence and consistency of service is always on point. it is always busy. Everytime I have went, there is a small wait (not bad) because they are busy turning tables. Their operation is very efficient with scheduling. The price point is very afforadble and of course they are the home team favorite. They are the underdog off the strip. All that contributes to the fierce loyalty they receive from their customers. I would even dare to say they are like the Rao's of Las Vegas. No, they don't have a 3 month wait and their tables aren't owned by certain families and you have to get approval from them to sit there or anything silly like that, but you might want to be prepared for fisticuffs if you say anything negative about this place in certain circles. I joke. . .I checked in and they gave me a comp glass of wine. I made the entire table check in and they gave a comp carafe! Score! Winner! Winner! I think it was also because it was my girls birthday.I only gave it 4 stars because of the atmosphere. I know they tried a second restaurant and it didn't do as good. I think that was probably because it lost some of its mom and pop charm that the original stores oozes. I too would have some hesitation on doing too many upgrades in order to not disturb an already successful business, but there has to be a happy medium that can be achieved where the design of the space can be more indicative of their food quality. The lighting does not have enough highlights or shadows in the room. It is all diffused mid-tones so nothing stands out. There is no contrast on the walls. The ceiling has some ornate feature that I couldn't really make out. I like the pizza/app guy at the front as you walk in and a long bar inviting you to start there, but other than that the chairs and tables and lighting threw me off making me want a cooler atmosphere but it would not deter me from going there time and time again. The vibe was a little ho-hum. What about a little music in the background? Doesn't have to be themed to italian, adult contemporary could work too. I understand music is a big commitment as well. In addition it will also increase the overall ambience of the room and I noticed quite a few people that have most likely been going there for years (perhaps decades). They won't like the higher noise level, but it will most likely increase the length and purchase of the customer visit.Ok I am rambling. The place is good. Eat there and love it.
5	My coworker recommended this restaurant for my sister who was hosting a pre-wedding dinner for her son.  She wanted a dinner which was reasonable and comfortable for 35 people.  WALLA!  Who would have thought the food was FANTASTIC the drinks were SUPERB and the Ambiance was wonderful.  I want to go back to Las Vegas just to eat at Nora's again.    I can truly say I have never had such wonderful Italian food.  Apple Martini's were a big hit also. Thank you to the wonderful family who owns Nora's.
5	Easy 5 stars...why?Not only is it the best Italian I have had, it's also one of the best priced meals that I have enjoyed.Atmosphere is nice enough for date night, but not too formal, where you have to get dressy or feel like you are going to break the bank.  Service was very friendly, and attentive...couldn't have asked for a better server.  Went with a good bottle of wine that the waitress recommended as well...win!On to the food!Garlic bread is good...very garlicy garlic bread lol.  It was good, but not mind blowing like some have said.  But good garlic bread nonetheless.Started with the shrimp scampi...very good...wish the shrimp was seared a little more, but very tender and  the sauce was yum.  This was more expensive than both of the entress lol.We went with the lasagna and the ziti...not only were they the best I have had, but they were both about $10 a plate!  Not even Olive Garden is that cheap...and OG is like Mcdonalds compared to the taste explosion that is Noras.  I don't know what they put in this food at Noras, but I am still thinking about it days later.  Portions were generous as well.  And lastly, tiramisu for dessert....very good.  Seems like you can't go wrong here.I am actually looking forward to visiting again...I'd like to try some more of their seafood options!If you are craving Italian, don't burn 3 times the amount of money anywhere near the strip...it is worth the drive or cab fare...believe it.
5	I had lunch today at  Nora's.  It's been on my foodie list for two years.  While Italian food isn't my most favorite cuisine, I do like it.  Now?  Nora's has made me love it.  And if I have anything less in taste than what I had today, I will feel sorely cheated.For lunch, the menu is quite extensive.  I settled on the individual Nora's salad. Field greens with roasted green and red peppers in a lovely and light balsamic vinaigrette.  I also ordered the appetizer of Arancini.  These are four crisply fried balls of deliciousness.  Inside is saffron risotto, peas and mozzarella.  The base was a tasty and authentic tomato sauce that was definitely not Ragu-esque.  I wish my stomach had more room because I definitely wanted to try another dish.  I will definitely keep Nora's on my Vegas foodie rotation.
3	I'm not sure if I had really good Italian food before but this restaurant was just okay to me. I felt like their garlic bread could have been frozen before because I could probably find bread like that in the grocery store. From all the great reviews, I was expecting freshly made bread with a rustic outer layer that you see all the top Italian restaurants have. I ordered the crazy fettucini that had everything in it. A little too much going on there. The pizza was good. Nothing will beat the East Coast. It was super dead and I was expecting the restaurant to be super busy! If you sign up for their e-club you get a free appetizer and dessert which is awesome! Our server looked like she was having a bad day on top of this. Maybe it was just bad timing. I'll definitely give it another try but not anytime soon.
4	So, not the best Italian, like others claim it is, but still really good. I am totally in love with the ambience in this place. It's dark and they play oldies music like Sinatra and Sammy. I ordered a lasagna and it did have a bit too much cheese in it for my liking, but it was good. The staff was a 5-star.... super nice guys!The entire time I was there (work dinner), I was envisioning myself coming back, sitting at the bar, drinking red wine and eating yummy apps. Yes, I will go back & have to do this.
3	Italian food is tough to get wrong, but also tough to get right. Nora's gets it almost right, but I don't find it to be the local legend people make it out to be.The complimentary (well, uh, the first basket at least, which is pretty miserly!) bread is pretty good - flavorful and crisp, and buttery on top. Just a little burned on the edges too, which helps. The appetizers and entrees, while tasty, just aren't rich and robust enough to be legendary. The pasta has never seemed particularly fresh to me, and the portions are pretty tiny. Still, it's good, hearty Italian food - just a bit generic.Last time, I was daring and tried the Chicken Mount Etna.Don't repeat my mistake. Its flavor is more Chinese than Italian.Lastly, a couple of non-food-related critiques:1. Service can be inattentive at times, but they get pretty insanely busy so it's excusable.2. Try and avoid the obnoxious band. If I want live music, I'll go to a concert.2a. It's loud as hell in there, even when there isn't a band.3. They partake in possibly my most-hated restaurant ritual - having empty wine glasses on the table upon arrival. Prepare for an awkward moment and a subtly disappointed waiter when you don't order wine.When you're in the mood for no-nonsense Italian, Nora's can certainly hit the spot. I just didn't find that it lives up to its reputation.
4	Spaghetti Lunch Special. Yum ! Can't beat it !Everything is good on the menu. Great wine bar. Full bar also.At night they have live music in their parlor.Definitely, a local favorite for me.
5	Best place to have an Italian food, listen to live jazz music, meet great people.!!!
4	First, the service. This is the reason I'm knocking a star off. The girls at the front desk weren't very nice.  The server was ok,Fortunately for Nora's the food is great. We ordered the mama salad (I think that's what it's called) and chicken rigatoni. Both were very good, lots of flavor, and high quality.
1	I'd give this 0 stars if possible. The cab driver recommended this place as being one of the best local Italian places in the city. That'll teach me to get recommendations from a cabbie again.The garlic bread that someone here claimed to be the best ever was limp and soggy. Basically just bread that had been buttered along with some garlic and left to keep warm rather than made fresh continually through the evening to ensure a little crunch. We started off with the arancini. The worst I have ever tasted. What became the them of my experience with this restaurant started here - made much earlier in the day, reheated, put on a plate. They were dry on the inside with very little cheese or moisture. Tasteless. I ordered the lasagne. It wasn't inedible but I did send it back. It was obvious that it had been made that morning (maybe even the day before) and had been sat in the chiller before ordering. The center was hard and lukewarm, the outside was hot and somewhat firm. There was an awful aftertaste of dried basil. The sauce was tasteless. My friend had the spaghetti and meatballs. Again, you could just tell that they had been made earlier in the day and they were re-heating everything. The spaghetti was fine, sauce was bland, meatballs were dry but okay. At the table next to us, there was another customer complaining about the baked ziti. The waiter's response was 'in 3 years I've never heard anyone complain about it'. Hmmm.. So, bad food, and the customer is to blame for faulty taste buds LOL. I'm not sure if we just had a bad night as there are many good reviews for this place or whether the people reviewing here are just used to the Olive Garden.If you're in Vegas for a few days and want good Italian, skip this place.
1	After seeing the response from the manager/owner I feel compelled to update. Look, I'm not insulting your customers, I'm insulting your food. Actually, the description I gave was more a compliment because I could have been a lot more brutal. It's kind of like The Varsity in Atlanta. If you like greasy burgers in cheap white buns, somewhat  average chili over an even more average hot dog, then it's your place! The place has been around for years and it has a loyal band of Georgia Tech alumni that would swear by nothing else. To them, it's comfort food and brings back memories of their school days - and that's great. It's been around for 50 years and it'll be there another 50 years... It doesn't change the fact that the food is crap but their customers will rave about how great it is. I think it must be the same with your place. You have loyal customers, for whatever reason, but don't even begin to pretend that you're dishing out good Italian food, because you're not. Well, not to me you aren't. I'm comparing it to Italian food that I know to be good. I've been all over the world - including Italy - and I know the difference. Your food is no different to what you would get out of a Stouffers box or at an Olive Garden.
5	Highly suggested italian place to go to when asked among people on yelp and friends. So decided to try this one day when trying to decide what was for dinner. Located on the north side of flamingo, a little east of jones, came here on a Friday Night around 630 PM. The place was pretty full but luckily i guess we got there before the dinner rush so we got our table pretty quick. A LITTLE NOTE : uhh i think this place may have or rather should have some sort of dress code... i think we were the most underdressed table in the entire restaurant.. me and my friend were ok but my other friend had a bright blue t shirt.. lol uhh id suggest to dress a little nicer for this place... The restaurant is family owned. opened since 1991 starting with 12 seats ! quite expanded since then.. restaurant decorated with family pictures i believe which is nice. We were greeted by the server and got our drinks pretty quick. We had noticed that with a check in on yelp, you get a complimentary glass of wine :D After we ordered, it took a little while before the food came and we were starving.. they gave us some Garlic Bread which the first batch was free, but if u wanted more, i dont remember it being that expensive. It was yummy ! pretty much pieces you'd see if you split a loaf of french bread in half, baked it, and cut it into 1-2" pieces down the split loaf. it was slightly baked.. I LOVE GARLIC BREAD ! their's still had a soft center with the exterior crust still being crunchy but not hard no wont pierce the inside of your mouth. When the food came... its was piping HOT !! i had the alla nora myself. which was a baked spaghetti with eggplants, ground beef, pesto, tomato sauce and cheeses. When i "broke through" the top, oh man there was a lot of steam ! not complaining ! very good thing that i rarely experience ! all the ingredients were fresh and seasoned well. egg plants were slightly fried but not over fried so still quite juicy and moist but soft. tomato sauce was fresh and delicious. sweet, tangy but savory? My friends had the rigatoni special and the crazy alfredo. i didnt really get to try either of them but im pretty sure you'd find a nice review on here somewhere. I tasted the veggies of the rigatoni special. Very fresh and sweet. Not overcooked so they still had a nice bite to it. The crazy alfredo looked delicious. Packed with various ingredients all with a creamy alfredo sauce ! i wanna get that next time ! But all in all.. great place.. highly suggested. reservations are available if needed. would suggest to all who ask and take more here :D
5	OK, so I have this little problem: When I go to Nora's I obsess over the last meal and ALWAYS end up here AGAIN within 2-3 days for another round!We bring out-of-town guests here and they love the ambiance and the food.We always sit in the bar area and I never get a bad look when I'm there in jeans and sweatshirt (yes, sometimes when your tummy is yelling for Nora's you just go!)Our favorites:1. Antipasto Salad*Romaine lettuce, mozzarella, pepperoncini, olives, onions, tomatoes, topped withham, provolone, and salame, in our homemade Italian dressing.-FOR REALLLLL.  Little pinwheels of meat and chesse?!  OMG-YUM!2. Caesar Salad*Romaine Lettuce, topped with Italian croutons and Nora's own Caesar's dressing.-Just tastes better than your normal Caesar.  My husband swears by this one!3. Cheese Ravioli w/ Vodka Sauce*Might sound plain, but this is the only entree I've ever gotten and its DELICIOUS!4. Penne w/ Arrabiata sauce & sausage.*Husband LOVES this one.  The arrabiata sauce is fabulous- not too spicy, but more flavor then your regular red sauce.  They make their sausage in-house!I'm hoping to one day venture out of the "ravioli box" and try one their pizza's or maybe some seafood?  But I love what get every time, that it's so hard to try something different!They bring out yummy garlic bread (on the house) but the next round is $1.50.NOTE: Make reservations on SATURDAY!!!  They get crazy busy, even at 5:00pm!They have GREAT takeout (especially for lunch!)
5	This has become my favorite Italian restaurant! It's a pretty classy restaurant, which you won't be able to tell from the outside! Our party was however the youngest and least dressed up because it was a last minute decision as our first choice place was closed for the day. We really didn't know what to expect as it was our first time. If they didn't have a dress code, they should, because everyone else was dressed really nice and seemed like they were there for some kind of special occasion! We came here around 6:30pm and beat the dinner rush! Didn't take us long to be seated. I really didn't know what to expect, because outside it didn't look like much, but on the inside, it was like WOW. It was really nice, there are three parts to the restaurant, the middle is where you enter, you can see some people working on the pizza boxes and such and a hostess, the right is the bar area with a lot of seating and the restrooms are located there. The left was the main dinning area where we were seated. The restaurant is family owned which opened in 1991 (the menu had a bit of history on it when you first open it). With the yelp check-in you get a complimentary glass of wine, with any order. Which it came in a decanter (see picture) and they pour some of it into your glass after they place it on the table. It took us quite a while to order, well myself really, the guys already knew what they wanted. When we finally ordered, it took a while for the food to come out, but when it came out it was HOT, fresh hot out of the oven / stove. Out of our group we had the Rigatoni special, Crazy Alfredo, and al la Nora. Oh we also got a small basket of garlic bread, which the first one is free, and if you wanted more it was about $2.50 (I'll confirm again next time I go). The Rigatoni special contained sausage, meatballs, onions, pepper, in a tomato sauce, it was very good. Everything was cooked very well and contained a lot of flavor in the meats. I really enjoyed it and it filled me up fast. Though I felt there was more meat than there was pasta, for some this is a good thing, but for myself it isn't. I would still recommend it! The crazy alfredo contained both meat and seafood, which looked good, but I didn't get to try it. And the al la Nora was a baked dish containing spaghetti, eggplant, beef, tomato sauce, and some others ingredients (I don't remember all of them) which my other friend enjoyed. I can't wait to go back and try one of their pizzas!!
4	Great service, good food, live music, lots of parking and excellent decor.  Nora's Cuisine made a great first impression on me.  Good wine selection and full bar was another plus.  I definitely want to go back.
5	Quick update... Nora's is still amazing. Just got some dinner tonight and had to update you all on how amazing Nora's is. Have had Nora's almost every week since I first tried it on my birthday in August. No, I'm not exaggerating... literally almost every week.If you haven't stopped in Nora's yet or if you live in the area and haven't had takeout yet... make sure you do.
4	The food was excellent with pasta which i would say was homemade. Was with a party of six and we all enjoyed of food vey much but the service was horrible. If you go there and like eggplant check it out. My five year old and her friend loved the pizza and both had 2 pieces and some pasta which is great for little ones. Might have givven it five stars but they really must work on their service issues. By the way make reservations if your going after 6pm...
4	As you read this review I want you to remember the old Italian Mobsters and have the Godfather music playing in your head.... OK here we go..This small, cozy, romantic, Italian restaurant is definitely one to put on your list to eat at. I was shocked of the lay out as it just didn't have the feel of a fine dinning restaurant I mean it felt like I walked into the kitchen of mobsters house! When you first walk in The front counter covers the open bar kitchen with a few seats then seemingly in a whole other room there is dining. Its weird but cozy!The waiter we had did OK, I mean I have had better service I think he was new not sure but he got the job done! On to the menu. Wow what a full menu with so many options to choose from! I went with there super Alfredo plate and let me tell you it was delicious. The sauce was creamy and full of flavor and the fixing in the Alfredo was like a pizza! It had everything in there and was a great mix too. I was a little concerned at first since I mean seriously was a combination pizza with noodles!! The plate was huge and was not limited on the goods inside. I barley could finish it but I couldnt stop eating!!When it comes to Italian food this is a must try place. It will bring you the feel of a mobster paradise and fill your belly like your the Don!
4	This is a solid, neighborhood restaurant to visit if you are in the mood for some Italian food and great cokctails. I dare say that of all the local restaurants in town, this received the highest amount of locals. Othe rplaces in town are starting to attract tourists, but here it is guaranteed that 99% of the clientele is local. I like that. You can sit at the bar and have an amazing cocktail and chat up some of the regulars. When I go I usually order the clover club. They really have an amazing cocktail program, I highly suggesthaving a pre-dinner cocktail at the bar. The only thing I dislike is tha they have tv's at the bar, but othe rthan that a good time is guaranteed. Plus  in the evenings they have live music, which is nice.I recommend coming here for a leisurely dinner. You start off the meal with a basket of garlic bread, super garlicky and super good. The calamari and arancini are both excellent appetizers. All os the pastas here are great. I have tried most of them, the pesto, primavera, lasagna, etc. My favorite is the pasta alla nora, which is pasta baked with an eggplant, pesto and meat sauce. OMG it is delish! I he tried their pizza once and I wasn't convinced. Stick to pastas and you will be happy.No dinner here is complete without cannoli. I recommed you order it with pistachios only, rather than the chocolate chips which are not very good. Oh, bonus if you check in on Yelp. You get a free glass of the house wine. Score!
4	i wrote one on my phone but i guess it was for the actual check in...checked in and got a free glass of chianti!i ordered the linguine with red clam sauce. awesome! the clams werent in the shell so that was awesome! but that could also mean it came from a can. tien n and anthony m order pastas as well. pesto and i forgot the other one... we got two desserts. one was a canoli with chocolate chips and pistachios. ZAM ZAM! and the other one was a tiramisu type of dessert with ladyfingers. ZAMMMMM! hahathe customer service was great. theyd check on us every few minutes asking if we wanted more water.only complaint is that the floor smelled like mop bucket water....
5	Excellent and good priced. Came here with the family amd we all enjoyed everything that they had to offer. Good selection of wine and beer, as well as appetizers and entrees. We hadthe regular cesar salad which fed 4 of us, mozzarella sticks, yum, and the portiins of the dinner meals were huge....if we werent staying at a hotel we would have packed up and ate left overs for our drunken state later that night!! Overrall we will definitely be back our next visit to vegas!!! A must go italian restaurant!
4	The bartenders do a great job of keeping one nice and toasted before other diners arrive. The garlic bread is good but i wouldnt call it the best i've ever had. That goes to Parma but i'm not here to compare places i'm here to review this one. So lets do it!I was already pretty toasted by the time we sat and ordered the food. Free glass of Chianti with yelp check-in so we all cashed in on it. I ended up ordering the Crazy Alfredo because in my boozed up state i completely forgot about the Osso Buco they also serve.Regardless the Crazy Alfredo is pretty damn amazing and damn crazy. It's got A LOT of things going on for one dish and A LOT of pasta for a decent price.
5	We had our rehearsal lunch here for our wedding and have been going back since. All the food we tried was good, staff was on top of things for a large party. Every time we have gone since, the smell of pizza gets us every time. Love the white pizza, garlic pizza. Was a little bit disappointed by the halibut. It was good but I thought for the price it should come with some pasta or mashed potato, not just the fish and spinach. Otherwise, the Italian food we have had here we enjoyed and the prices are fair.
4	This restaurant feels like one of the old world Italian restaurants in Little Italy, in Manhattan NY.  Very rustic and very cozy- it's perfect for a laid back date.  If you're looking for a fussy, hipster/trendy place, this restaurant is not it.The restaurant was bustling when my date and I arrived, but we were sat immediately.  Somewhat annoying where we got placed though, which was a seat near the server's station.  They should move that table further down.  During the busiest hours, I'm sure it'd be annoying with servers going around you, "excuse me, excuse me, coming through, whoops."Food was fine.  I've had better Italian, but the food is fine for its price.  Nothing mind-blowing, the pasta could be softer, but that's just my preference.  Other than that, the seafood and the sauce was spot on.  My date got just regular chicken alfredo.  She hadn't tried that restaurant (although it was she who suggested the place).  She also would've liked her pasta softer, so maybe it isn't just me.If you like Italian food as much as I do, try this place.  Oh, and be seated far from the kitchen/server's station- it'll help you dine with no interruptions.
5	One of the best Italian restaurants anywhere. Don't miss Noras when in Vegas!  Awesome food, wines and service!  Try the "Crazy Alfredo"
5	Pros: Amazing food, large portion sizes, great service, well pricedCons: sometimes long waitsOverall: must try!
3	There is nothing better than trying out new authentic italian restaurants. I googled this place the other night, never heard of it and decided we'd try it out. As soon as I walked in, the feeling of a fine, classy, sophisticated, elegant italian place is the vibe you get. Not to mention, for its "space", it's adorable. Nice bar, live italian music playing and a good amount of well-dressed people have let me know this is a decent place.We didn't have to wait very long which was nice. While we did wait, we were able to watch the cooks preparing authentic italian food. When we sat down everything was formal, almost as if we were on a  spot on the strip. Though the room started to remind me a little bit of an office building, the decor made up for it as the ceilings were decorated and the walls were dressed as if it may be your own grandmothers dining room. Cute. I enjoy when the servers are wearing vests because I know I will get the quality I want. But downfall was the server took a long time at first. The complimentary italian garlic bread is a bit buttery for my own diet but the fact it wasn't just a basket of butter packets and bread made this place a little different then the others & also, the fact that it had fresh, chopped garlic on it  as well made up for the too much butter .When we got our dishes the food was perfect and just enough. One of the dishes we ordered was the 'Alla Nora' and I'd recommend it if you like a robust meat sauce (bolognese)  with breaded eggplant - fried. Comes with spaghetti obviously. Not bad if this is one of their signature dishes -assuming.For the lack of perfect service the girl made up for it by bringing us a complimentary dessert. Or was it because we told her it was our first time there? :) Either way, Tiramasu is definitely not my type of dessert but its the thought that counts.I'd recommend this restaurant for a special birthday or a romantic, quiet dinner. I would definitely come back to try out something different on the menu since I was satisfied with the other menu items. I'd recommend this place also with another couple or a date because it's definitely one of the more intimate places to go, even if it's just to have a glass of wine and listen to the live italian music.
4	I met friends from out of town for lunch earlier this week.  As always, Nora's did not disappoint!  There were 5 of us and we ordered a large salad that was enough to serve everyone at the table with seconds.  Ands, it was very good!I ordered one of their menu's "Lunch Favorites."  It was the penne chicken broccoli pasta with garlic and oil.  It was excellent.  One minus--there wasn't enough garlic taste for me.  One of the others at the table ordered a large pizza with pineapple and mushrooms--the pineapple being a first for me.  It was such a pity when there were three pieces of pizza left over and she couldn't take it home with her.  She was winging back to Canada the next morning.  I made the sacrifice and took one for the team.  I brought the three pieces home, had one for dinner, and have the other two frozen for a lunch treat!  Tip to Yelpers---go out to eat with out of town friends the day before they're flying home and you might get some take out for the rest of the week.I have been a fan of Nora's for several years and I highly recommend the place to anyone looking for good Italian food with a really good atmosphere and great service!
5	Fabulous food. I always look forward to eating here when in town!! The garlic bread is the best I have had. Great service and very clean.
5	Love Nora's! Been coming here for over 5 years, even after becoming vegetarian, is still a good place to hangout!Love the fact that they can accommodate my 'needs' Crazy Alfredo is just as good without meet :) the only problem I have is their garlic bread, totally addictive! :)  Must try the Lemon Drop Martini!
5	Great food and service
5	The food is TO DIE FOR! Great Italian! Crazy Alfredo makes me drool just thinking about it! If you haven't been here then I urge you to GO! AND BRING FRIENDS BECAUSE YOU WILL LOVE IT! Friendly service, beautiful romantic setting. AAAHhh!
5	This is my favorite Italian restaurant! I've been here a few times already and have brought friends who fall in love with the food just like I have.I went to Nora's a few nights ago with a friend who also shares my love for Italian food. We made a reservation for 7:30PM (I highly recommend making a reservation!) and were seated within 5 minutes. We had the calamari fritti and a regular sized house salad with Italian dressing to start. We also received a basket of complimentary garlic bread to nibble on. These starters didn't fill us up which I was happy about because I was waiting for my main entree! My friend had the chicken parmigiana which had spaghetti, tomato sauce & the chicken was not breaded (like you see in other restaurants). I got to steal a bite and the chicken was tender & juicy! I had the Alla Nora which consisted of spaghetti noodles, eggplant, meat sauce with pesto and parmesan cheese sprinkled on top. The eggplant seemed too crisp, but all of that put together just works! The restaurant that night was busy and loud. To me, that felt like home.
5	This is easily my favorite Italian restaurant in Las Vegas. I love that it is a locals restaurant. The bar is a great place to hang out and get some wine before you eat. If you plan on going during dinner time I would recommend getting a reservation first as they are pretty busy. The food is great and has not yet disappointed me. I usually get  the gnocchi with vodka sauce which is my favorite. The Ossobuco here is also amazing and I highly recommend it.  The service here has always been great even on the busier nights i've been there. The also do take out orders which is awesome when I want great Italian food after work. I just call when I get off and pick it up on the way home. The Pizzas are also supposed to be good but I have yet to try them. I do see a lot of people ordering them for take out when I am there.
5	Nora's Wine bar...There is not enough praise that I can give about this place.  It is my wife's and I most favorite place to eat at for italian food.  We come here about 2-3 times a month.  The atmosphere here is always friendly, people are kind and its a great hole in the wall for locals.  Usually when I go I get chicken Marsala but replace the spaghetti with Alfredo Carbonara.  The procuitto is simply amazing.  They're appetizers are really fresh and all items are great.  Bottom line its a great place to go for some italian food with a good atmosphere.
5	This place is a little gem in a strip mall! Don't be fooled by the outside, go inside and you'll be impressed. The food is awesome! Best pizza in town! I love the house salad, as well as the antipasto salad.Try the Gorgonzola ribeye sandwich, it's great!
5	Not a local but know a few here in town. I love the quaint feel of this place and the food is amazing. Wether sitting at the bar for a meal a table tucked in the corner the service and food are great.
5	I'm probably the millionth person to say that this is my favorite Italian restaurant in Vegas. I've been coming here for years and it never disappoints. The ONLY problem about this place is the wait time. So call ahead, make a reservation and have some courtesy to show up on time to enjoy one of the best meals you're going to have in your life. If there is a wait, hang out at the bar (a friend of mine, Angela, works there and is super awesome) until your table is ready. Once you get your bite into ANY of their food, you'll realize that the wait was worth it. Definitely try the Veal Parmigiana with Meat Sauce! The portion was huge! So it's probably better to hit up this place with a lot of your friends and family style it so you can have a dose of everyone's plate. Second, Alla Nora. Third, try a pizza (you'll be surprised). I'm not going to go in depth about this place because everything on the menu is honestly amazing, it just depends on what you might be craving that day. Service, impeccable. Ambiance, comfortable. Overall experience, WOW. Stop by and get a meal of a lifetime. You won't be disappointed.
2	Unfortunately, I did not have a chance to try Nora's Cuisine due to a bartender that was so rude to my date and I, that we both decided it would be best to leave. We had arrived for our reservation early and was told by the host that it would be just a moment for our table to be ready. As a result, we decided to go into the bar and have a cocktail before dinner. After waiting at the end of the bar for a period of time with the bartender aware of us waiting, we watched the bartender clean the bar, talk with other guests and walk over to talk to the other bartender before he finally made eye contact with us and signaled us to come to him at the middle of the bar with a wave of his head. When we walked over, I mentioned, "I didn't think you saw us", to which he gave a rude smirk. Without any prior interaction with this bartender, we were at a loss as to why we were treated this way. Seeing how this was our first visit to Nora's, we did not want to chance sitting down and possibly having the same treatment from other members of their staff and ruining our evening so, we thought it best to just leave and have dinner elsewhere.
5	My experiences at Nora's have been nothing short of excellent. The food was absolutely some of the best I've tasted for Italian food, and the service was spot on. The biggest downfall of this place is that it's too busy!My favorite dish so far is the fettuccine carbonara. It's not really a fancy or special dish, but it's one that I like to try at a lot of different places. The waiter even asked me if I wanted to add peas (which add a lot to the dish and is usually in it anyways).I've also had the chance to try the steak and arugula bruschetta, the chicken mount etna, and the rigatoni gorgonzola. All of them were very good, though the chicken mount etna might have been better with normal pasta rather than fried pasta.
4	WOW! Great food, great service, great prices!
5	The garlic bread is delicious.  Order a side of marinara to dip it in and you'll look like a real Italian.  The Crazy Alfredo was packed with shrimp, sausage, chicken, and half a dozen other items.  And it had just the right level of spiciness to complement the many other flavors packed into it!  My dining companion was looking for something simple and ordered the gnocchi with  marinara.  He enjoyed the dish immensely.This is one of those hidden gems that will put smiles on visitors' faces forever!
5	Nora's is my favorite Italian restaurant in the valley.  I've eaten in many times, picked up food and pizza to go, and recommended this place to many friends.The restaurant is decently sized with two dinning rooms on either side of the kitchen & main room, adequately lit, and is warm and cozy.  The service has consistently been genuine and friendly.For starters, the garlic bread is delicious.  I always have to remember to stop eating it so I can save room for my actual entree!  That and I don't want to smell like garlic on date night.The gnocchi and vodka sauce are a delicious combo.  I'm a meat and starch kind of girl, but that dish is so good on it's own I don't even need to throw in anything extra.The crazy alfredo is crazy huge and packed with so many ingredients and flavor.  This dish could probably feed two people.When it's a special, you MUST order the osso buco.  It's much more pricey than normal Nora's items (~$35), but it's soooo worth it.  It comes with a little spoon for the bone marrow, which is absolutely delectable.  This is my favorite dish in the world, and it nears perfection here.If you're an Olive Garden/Carrabas/chain Italian restaurant kind of person, give yourself a well deserved real Italian meal and go to Nora's.  It doesn't disappoint.Date night seal of approval!
4	Nora always impresses me !   Wish the place is located somewhere with better parking.Their food is always great and priced right.
5	Everything about Nora's was an amazing experience!We walked in, were seated right away, and the staff was very attentive to our needs. Checked in on the Yelp app and received a glass of wine! Free wine = AMAZEBALLS!Started off with the house garlic bread. It was very good. You could tell this was homemade, not some frozen loaf coming from a distributor. Just that principle of not having frozen cheap appetizer had me already falling in love. Then we moved to the bruschetta. It came served on a large slide of soft bread. This was some of the best bruschetta I've ever had. It was not your average sampling, this is what I've been missing my entire life. My entree was the rigatoni gorgonzola with chicken. Similar to the bruschetta, this was done right! The pasta was perfectly textured and consistent throughout. The sauce on this was heavier than my liking, but it fit very well with the dish. The biggest surprise here was the blue cheese on top. I've never heard of pasta being topped with blue cheese, but I fell in love with it! By this point we were stuffed and ready to fall asleep in our carb coma.
5	This place is very good! I love chicken alfredo and like to try it nearly every Italian place I go and this place did not disappoint. The place is nice but gets packed as its such a good spot to eat so I recommend making a reservation. This is one of the best Italian restaurants I have been to in Las Vegas or anywhere for that matter.
5	It's  a very good, non-touristy Italian food. I've been a number of times with different business folks and everyone agrees that it's the best Itailain in Las Vegas. I love the Gorgonzola chicken! Every food item I have been at the table for, has been a hit, so the menu is solid. This is a must go, whenever m in Las Vegas!
4	My cousin suggested dinner here and I'm glad he did. Good food, cute atmosphere, good service and I really enjoyed the live music that night. I'd go again to try someof their other dishes.
4	Great place in Las Vegas for good food at a reasonable price.  In the past i ahve had the Crazy Alfredo and Shrimp Scampi both were great.  This time i had the Frutti Di Mare it was great.  The Antipasto is very good.  All the portion are generous.  You won't leave hungry.  They had a special Osso Bucco special that a couple in our party had that they said was very good.  Overall i try to hit this place everytime i am in vegas.
3	If you are looking for a light, low cal, healthy option in Italian dining-go elsewhere-you won't find it at Nora's. The food is good in that carb laden, dripping in cheese and sauce way that is absolutely yummy to eat, but requires a double trip to the gym the next day to work off the guilt. Additionally, the portions are large so the overindulgence brings on the required nap afterward. One of the best lemon drop martinis in a long while, however my pizza was very good in flavor, but too heavy in crust and cheese-almost dripping-and while i favor a thicker crust-it was almost like eating a loaf of bread which was too much for my taste. Prices are right, service is prompt, taste is good, just will keep this for a very very occasional if the goal is to eat a bit lighter.
5	Went there twice this month, food was GREAT on both visits, wine list has some really nice options, service on the other hand was hit/miss. Sat at the bar on both visits, must say we had to wait a while before anyone even acknowledged this past Friday- or even a wink or something to gesture that we were sitting there. I even made a comment, "we've been sitting here for quite some time and no one greeted us"... Will go back, hope their bartenders improve with eye contact at least...
1	I feel bad for giving 1 star at this place because it is one of my mom's favorite Italian restaurant. But me and my boyfriend went here and ordered calamari, pizza, and clam linguine. The calamari was ok, not that much flavor and their marinara sauce looked weird. The pizza was ok too, it was bland no flavor at all. The clam linguine disappointed us the most! The dish was swimming in water, filled with chopped up clams (I bet it's not even fresh) and it was really really bland, no flavor at all! Worst clam linguine I've ever had! And the service was slow too. We were really disappointed at this place and we're never going back. Just a bad dining experience over all.
5	I haven't found anything on their menu that I don't like. Suggestion: don't miss the Arancini (it is the best that you will ever have).
4	My boyfriend found this place on Yelp - we were looking for places a little further from the strip and less touristy. (Even though we ourselves were tourists, go figure!)   Made reservations and got there early so we could check out the bar for a pre-dinner martini.  The stoli lemon drop martini I got was in the top 5 lemon drops I have ever had (and this is coming from someone who has spent thirty minutes making a 'perfect' lemon drop martini for myself on more than one occasion).   The lemon slice they had in there was actually candied/seared  and I think that (along with the freshly hand-squeezed lemon juice) is what made it so delicious.   So they'd already won me over before we even got to our table.    The bartenders were courteous and prompt and humored us by taking our photo (twice because I looked fat in the first one haha).For starters we ordered the calamari appetizer and caesar salad.  They also brought us a complimentary basket of garlic bread - which was delicious!  Lots of butter so it's gooey in the middle and crispy on the edges, just how i love it.   The salad was good solid standard caesar - nothing over the top or unique but very enjoyable.  It also came with more of the yummy garlic bread cut into crouton sized pieces on top - bonus!  The calamari was good - nice and crisp, not too greasy, and was a generous portion.  The dipping sauce they served with it (a caper infused marinara according to our server) is what makes this dish stand out.  It was NOM.  The wine selection was also pretty nice and the server did a great job of recommending pairings. We ended up with the La Giaretta Cab Franc which paired very well as it was able to hold up to the bold italian flavors we were eating.Entrees:  I got the crazy alfredo, and it was as delicious as the portion was huge.  If you're a shrimp lover you may want to ask for extra shrimp because my serving only came with two.  That didn't bother me though because I feel like the sausage and sun dried tomatoes were the true stars of that dish and I actually felt like the shrimp didn't need to be there. (Borderline sacrilege but true!)   The sauce seems like  an alfredo with some marsala sauce mixed in... lending it a beautiful golden color and sending the flavor through the roof.     I highly recommend this dish. The boyfriend wasn't as pleased with his, unfortunately.  The server told us the special was veal chop parmesan but we only heard 'veal chop' and envisioned something a little more pure and refined... so when we got a breaded cut of veal covered in red sauce and cheese we were a little disappointed.  Miscommunication aside, it was "good" and enjoyable but not great or anything to write home about.  I don't know about anyone else, but for me veal is such a rare, guilty pleasure that when I do eat it, I expect it to be damn good and also expect the chefs preparing it to treat it with due respect.  Unfortunately I don't feel this did justice to it.    Boyfriend says he was also shocked to see that the veal chop was $34 when we got the bill.  Completely out of line with the prices of the standard entrees printed in the menu which range from $9 to $22. Service during the dinner had its highs and lows.  Our server for the most part was friendly, nice, easy to talk to, and gave great wine and desert wine pairing recommendations.   There was a rather long delay between our salad course and entree course.  The server explained there was some confusion in the kitchen.... yada yada he apologized and told us he'd be happy to give us a free dessert.   We were fine with that, not a huge deal as we had eaten something already and were enjoying the wine and the music.   But then there was the awkward moment (as I'm browsing the dessert menu looking at wines) when he snatched the menu out of my hand and set a piece of cheesecake in front of me telling me he'll save me the trouble, this is the best dessert they have.  This made me feel a little awkward as though he thought I was trying to take advantage of the situation and order something super expensive or something, which I wasn't.   Well, neither of us usually eat dessert so we accepted the cheesecake with thanks but without much enthusiasm and proceeded to get the menu back so we could order some dessert wine.  The wine he recommended me (to pair with the cheesecake) did in fact pair so well with the cheesecake that I ended up eating almost the entire piece, of which I had initially planned to take a few polite bites and leave it at that.    So all in all, despite the few hiccups, it was a very pleasant experience.  We had a great time and came away satisfied.  Our entrees were huge enough for us to share AND take home an abundance of left overs.   We'll be back next time we're in Vegas for sure and will definitely recommend to our friends.
5	When you walk out after eating the first thing that comes to mind is"Just like a Mama's"  Its that good.  Eggplant Porm is great and meatballs will make a grown man cry with joy!
5	Great food and fairly priced.  Really busy, even during middle of the week so don't come starving.My only squawk is that the bartender that served us while we waited for a table was less than friendly.Things got better once we go to the table and after we sat it was on.
5	Here's another Italian restaurant getting one of my few 5-stars. We three, finishing a trade show at the Mandalay, visited Nora's this past Saturday at 630p. It's a huge success with locals, and was jammed. Many locals were at the counter picking up "to go" orders. I made reservations earlier in the day, and we were quickly seated.Nora's was recommended to me by "The General", (Irwin Raymer), known from Animal Planet's hit "Tanked." Irwin came to our booth at the trade show, and after a short chat, we exchanged "deli and restaurant info", with me getting the better end of the deal. He recommended Weiss's for best NY Style  Deli, and Nora's for best overall Italian.Nora's is in the strip center, NE corner of Flamingo and Jones, West of the Rio hotel. You'll walk in the door, with the hostess station and kitchen straight ahead, the bar and one dining area on the right, and what I'd call the main-dining area on the left. We sat in the main dining area, against a wall in the NW corner. For three, and because I wanted to get "a flavor" of Nora's, we ordered with the intention of "sharing until we burst!" (actually, we didn't intend to over-do-it... but the food was so incredibly good, and huge portions!) We started with the Antipasto Salad Large, and Steak Bruschetta. For our entrees, we ordered the Crazy Alfredo, Frutti de Mar, Chicken Marsala Linguini, and Oso Bucco. Best description would be... hearty, enjoyable, flavors.  We also ordered indivdual glasses of wine and three desserts, which we also shared. The Cannoli, (the Sicilian pastry dessert, not to be confused with Cannelloni, the Italian large reed, cylindrical type of pasta generally served baked with a filling and covered by a sauce), was our favorite. The Tirimisu was very good, and the Cheesecake circle was good. But that's splitting hairs... as the whole meal was one winning item after another. Our server was Brice, and it was with his guidance, and my instruction that we wanted to "get a flavor of Nora's" that we feel expert now in working their menu. Over the years I've eaten at numerous strip restaurants in Vegas, but I much prefer the "off the strip" and privately owned restaurants, both for their more relaxed atmosphere, and their great food at reasonable prices. If Nora's were in a strip hotel, I'd venture to say they'd be giving every other restaurant a run for their money. It's that good! You gotta' add this to your black book of "off the strip" Italian spots..... It's a "No-Brainer"...........  "Botta-Bing-Botta-Boom!"
5	Everything was delicious! The cocktails to start were great-I had the something Mist? Bombay sapphire, strawberry, lemon, honey, and rosemary made for a unique and refreshing cocktail. My mother had a peach bellini which was AWESOME as well! Everything we had for dinner was great-the steak and arugula bruschetta was great, thinly sliced steak on top of toasted garlic bread. For our entrees we had Frutti Di Mare in a spicy red sauce, veal parm, and a chicken dish similar to piccata with artichokes and capers. Everything was fantastic! The service was great, especially the server assistant who helped me decide on a dish (the chicken carciofi-sp?) and it was delicious without being too overwhelming or heavy, thank you!!!
5	Best Italian in Vegas, hands down! And the sangria is to die for! Ask for Bryce!
5	I love this place so much, I took my mom for her first time my 10th. The service is five stars and the food is great I will always choose Nora"s for a nice dinner with my honey or even just a nice place to go for no reason at all.
5	Nice, went here yesterday, my wife got the Crazy Alfredo and loved it.  Quiet, comfortable, good service!  Thank you!I have never had a bad experience at this restaurant. The people are great, fast service, excellent food, OK, this is Las Vegas and its supposed to be this way!  Too bad many other restaurants don't get it.  So, all you restaurant owners that want to see how its done RIGHT, check this place out.
4	I'm a fan.  Love this place because it was off the strip and an old school Italian restaurant.  Did not care for the garlic bread.  It wasn't warm and tasted alittle stale to me.  We ordered a large antipasto salad which was amazing.  My husband got a huge plate of raviolis, large bowl of spaghetti and we shared a pizza.  They were all delicious.  Service was great and the prices were affordable.   We'll be back the next time we're in Las Vegas.
4	After eating real Italian food when I went to Italy a few years ago, I became an Italian food snob.  Good Italian restaurants in Vegas? No such thing!  Until I came to Nora's.I got there before they even opened for the day and I'm glad I did as it got real busy around 11:30!  That's always a good sign.We got calamari which was tender and crisp.  I got gnocchi in Alfredo sauce which was creamy and absolutely fabulous.  We also got the rib eye sandwich with gorgonzola topped with onion strings and homemade potato chips on the side plus a basket of fries.  It had huge chunks of meat and the rich and tangy flavor of the gorgonzola complements the meat.  For everything we got, I only paid less than $40!The service was good.  Remember to check-in so you can get a free glass of wine.  The free garlic bread is great.  You can definitely taste the garlic which I love.
5	Marla was a wonderful server. On top of everything even when the restaurant was packed! Amazing food and great atmosphere!
5	So good! Best vodka sauce and Italian dressing I've had.
4	I made reservations for dinner here on a Monday night.  The restaurant was pretty nice and crowded.  They had Booker's bourbon at a good price which is nice.  I ordered the rigatoni and my wife ordered pesto fettuccine with chicken.  They were both delicious.  The pesto was rich.  The rigatoni might have too many onions for some.  Both dishes were in the A to B+ range.  The cost was very reasonable.
4	This is one of my favorite local places to go and eat lunch with my friends and family.  food has always been really good. The service is the only reason I am giving it 4 stars. The service has always been either really good or well, not so good sometimes. The free yelp offer was good. They bring u a very decent Pinot Grigio for the wine. Our server was not bad. He could have been a little more attentive to us tho. Sometimes it seemed he would kind of disappear and I had to go find him twice. Overall a very good restaurant. I would come back here.
4	We'd been looking for a mom n pop italian restaurant and this one hits the spot! Yet another classy, yet casual place.  The service was great and the waiters very friendly. The food was delicious as well - for an appetizer, we ordered the bruschetta, which was light and very well done. For the entree, I ordered the Alla Nora and my boyfriend ordered, what I'm assuming was the special for the night as I do not see it on the menu.  The Alla Nora was a wonderful combination of eggplant, cheese, and pasta, baked and topped with herbs. I remember his dish as an amazing pasta dish that had a good amount of vegetables, but what stuck out was the gargonzola that was mixed into the dish and was blended into the sauce.  I had expected this to be too cheesy and creamy, but it was just right.  And how can we not top of an Italian meal with a dessert of Cannoli?  Not only was the presentation beautifully done, but it was delicious.  Price-wise, the restaurant was very reasonably priced and I'm sure I'll be going again in the near future.
1	I have been going here for close to 13 years now. I have met the the owner and many of the managers over the years. They even catered a few of my friends party's, he had done some of the renovations in there. But I gotta tell ya the last time I went there after bragging to my out of state friends. I was embarrassed. A party of 5 the bread comes out late and has 6 slivers in it. Really? Then you charge for bread now! C'mon. The waiter spilled wine on my friends pants. No ill get you a rag or nothing! Then later in the meal a different server spilled a coke. Then when packing up leftovers they jam everything into a little box. If you are trying to cut corners I suggest you raise your prices! Cause to be honest your food is really good! But I see the change of trying to gouge customers starting already. Be very careful your loyal customer base is noticing! Sorry to put only one star but I really want you to notice what I say. This place was by far a 5 star!!!!!!! Please don't mess this place up. Concerned customer.
4	This is my favorite Italian place! Doesn't look as fancy until u get in. It's nice, quiet (sometimes they have a live band), food is DELICIOUS!!! Good sized portions, very flavorful, great atmosphere.
5	I will definitely be returning! From the appetizer (steak bruschetta), to the yummy red sangria and the food that my family and I had.....AH-FREAKIN-MAZING! So tasteful, very nice atmosphere with servers who don't let your glass go half empty! Everyone was so nice and the atmosphere is romantic without the overkill and lovely ambient lighting! When you're excited about eating left overs....you know the place is one in a million!
3	Went last night with friends.  Our table of 6 was ready 15 minutes early, ambience is very nice with a jazz band performing live after 9 p.m.  Service was very good except for the fact that each couple was served at separately rather than get help to bring out everyone's course at the same time.As to the food, the steak bruschetta is very good as an appetizer but the caesar salad was terrible.  Hardly any dressing and very little parmesan cheese with no fresh pepper as a topper.  My wife ordered a chicken alfredo with boiled chicken and small portions compared to the mound of noodles with little sauce.  Her chicken was not seasoned at all.  I ordered the veal marsala which had great portions but was way overseasoned to the point I was chugging water and the spaghetti was not that good.Dessert was tiramisu which is good but a little sweet.  Pricing is certainly the best part, our dinner was $83 for the 2 of us which included wine and dessert.  Liked the free glass of wine at check-in but we left underwhelmed considering the number of restaurants here in Vegas.
5	If you are in Las Vegas, you must stop here!We ate here last June and are eating there again this upcoming Sunday.  I am disappointed in myself for not remembering to write this review sooner.  The food, atmosphere, wine selection, and prices are crazy low when you you think about what you spend when staying on the strip.This has become a staple for my company when we are here on business. From the exterior a Non-Local would not think much of the restaurant because it is located in strip mall.  HOWEVER, trust me when I say this is probably some of the best Italian food in the Las Vegas Area.  The Chicken Mt. Etna was unlike anything I have ever had (and I live just outside of NYC).
4	Great customer service! This is only our 2nd time here and our server, Brice, could remember our entire order, including drinks and dessert, from our 1st visit a few weeks back and even where we sat - seriously impressive! He was training someone during our 2nd visit, but he didn't miss a beat. I think that attention to detail and customer service is what keeps this place buzzing, even during weekdays. I really liked their spaghetti and meatballs/mushrooms since I've been craving a replacement for SF's Emmy's Spaghetti Shack, but what really leaves me craving this place is the pistachio cannolis! There's an option to get half-chocolate and half-pistachio, but I definitely prefer the pistachio. We've sat in the kitchen area and although a lot of workers come in and out of there, I actually enjoyed seeing everyone seamlessly go through the dinner service. I'll definitely be back to indulge on a cheat day!
5	If this place were closer to where I live in Las Vegas, this would be on my list of places to go every week.  Very good food, energetic atmosphere, nice alcohol selection.The best Italian place I have found in Las Vegas thus far; I am not into eating Italian food out too much as my wife and I do a decent job cooking it at home, but Nora's is worth the doe.
4	easily the greatest bruschetta ever.  The warm crisp bread with a soft dense center is topped with the perfect blend of sweet tomatos and olive oil and herbes and all around magic that makes it undeniable.  Already craving to go back and I just ate there last night.  The yelp offer of one free glass of wine also tops off a perfect round of plates.  I got the tri blend tortellini with the vodka sauce that was definetly solid and nice.  (i might have added a few veggies like peas or carrotts to it, but the dish was still great)  and then got a tiramisu which was a great blend of flavors as well!
5	Absolutely incredible. The garlic bread is to die for, along with the wings. I ordered the pasta fagioli, which was the best I have ever had. I also ordered chicken marsala. It had the most amazing sauce and I enjoyed every bite! This is definitely the best Italian restaurant I have EVER been to. I will be coming back soon!
5	Love this place. I go to Las Vegas quarterly for business and eat here every time.
5	The food speaks for itself! Love this place.
5	It's hard to find Italian food being raised Italian, and knowing how to make the dishes from scratch. This place is the only place I go for solid Italian. Well ran, food comes fast, Nick one of the servers is very professional. My brother in law got an over cooked ribeye they swapped it out, and I tried a piece, and it was melt in your mouth.5 stars, great place!
4	Food was good, service was great. Nice atmosphere
5	Excellent Italian! Will not disappoint. Pasta cooked to perfection and sauce is very tasty. Will definitely return when back in Vegas.
4	I still like The chicken alfredo at carrabbas better but The pizza here was great along with The service, Check in And you get a Free glass of wine (And it's actually good!) will definitely go back. Bring a sweater because they keep it pretty cold in there!
3	Excellent food, but don't go there with a large group.  I made a reservation for a large group at 7 pm.  They asked if I could change it to 8 pm.  They said that they would be better able to serve a large group after their major dinner rush was over so I agreed.  At 8:45 pm we were still sitting at the bar.  What is the point of having people make reservations if you don't honor them?
5	Been here twice with a party of 10 or more each time. Everyone loved their food (especially the crazy alfredo) and Bryce knows what he's doing...great waiter.
5	So we made last minute reservations for 7 p.m.  When we arrived the place is just the right size for a small family owned type restaurant.  We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!  The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.  We started with calamari and it was so good.  Their sauce that they make to go with it was perfect as well (not just your typical marinara sauce that most restaurants use).  Their small basket of garlic bread was to die for.  My dad ordered a veal chop that was butterflied with the bone on.  THIS THING WAS HUGE!!!!!!!!!!! I ordered a linguinni in pesto cream sauce with shrimp and pine nuts. It was a little rich for me but was incredibly delicious.  We did try a tiramisu for dessert and I'm very picky about that particular dessert but it was home made and I think most people would really like it, I didn't care for it though.  My overall experience is DEFINITELY 5 stars and I'd go back any time.  It's a GREAT place for some good upscale home made italian food.  Just don't forget your reservations cause they are very busy.
4	Why eat "Italian" on the Strip when you can mosey over to a locals place? I've eaten at Nora's multiple times on multiple trips now - I am as big a fan as ever. It's in a strip mall (what isn't in LV?) - and the decor is average. What kills it is the food. Their meatballs make me cry. The pasta isn't cooked until a toothless person can easily gum it - it is al dente like pasta is supposed to be. The arancini (Rice Balls) is very tasty.As others have noted, you will not leave here hungry. I am famous  (infamous?) for being able to finish my food and any others' leftovers - not here.I worked at a family owned checkered table cloth Italian place which has since closed - if I lived in LV, Nora's would definitely be at least a weekly ritual.
5	I went last night it was great..
5	I recommend making dinner reservations b/c this place gets super crowded! Can't be mad about it though b/c the food here is delicious. ;) I like to try a different pizza and pasta every time I come here, especially for lunch to avoid a crowd.
5	3 visits to Nora's Cuisine this week .......love this place. 10 minutes off the "strip" and a world away from the plastic bullshit that is Las Vegas. The food is absolutely first class, the service is terrific, the noise level is low, pricing is so reasonable. Do yourself a favor , escape the Vegas tourist traps, try Nora's, you will love it
5	The best Italian you'll ever have. Their food is incredible, their portions are huge and their staff is friendly. I wish they were in Los Angeles.My favorite is their carbonara. They also have a delicious calimari with a pesto-red sauce. And their garlic bread is to die for.
5	Really great italian food with unregrettable garlic bread, the kind that goes home with you and you wake up with garlic breath the morning after. I had the veal marsala and the veal was cooked perfectly. I wanted extra pasta to soak up the delicious sauce. If you are looking for authentic italian food at reasonable prices, Nora's is the place to go.
5	I went to this place while in town for a convention and was pleasantly surprised at how great it was. I ended going there again my last night in town. The Crazy Alfredo is easily the best pasta dish I have ever had, and that's saying a lot. The garlic bread and Ceasar Salad are delicious as well. I haven't tried anything else but I can guarantee that you can't go wrong. Service was great and the atmosphere was relaxed and would be a great place for a quiet romantic dinner. Also, a nice getaway from the craziness of the strip. Will be making this a regular spot of mind whenever in town from now on!
4	Came here based on a friend's recommendation. Glad I did. Very good food and service. Doing a brisk business on a Wednesday night is a testament to their quality. I'll return.
5	Best Italian in Vegas. Excellent service. Great place for a first date and a bottle of wine. Sounds funny, but try the ribeye. Very very good.
4	Good authentic Italian at a reasonable price.  Will eat here again when we return to Vegas!
5	Great food and atmosphere.  This is really good Italian food for lunch or dinner.  Make sure to make a reservation if you're going for dinner, as this place gets pretty busy.  Also try some of the specialty cocktails.
5	Good Karma! Great little place with a unique ceiling... Nothing like it in Vegas! The wine, pasta and the free sangria = zero complaints! Oh, and VERY cute male staff!!!! ;D not kidding...
2	Okie doke, I've ate here twice, had the Lasagna and Chicken Parm. Both times I wasn't impressed. Lemme start by saying in my opinion, great Italian food starts with the sauce. If the sauce is plain or has nothing memorable about it then fahgettaboutit.So steps in boring Lasagna and (non breaded?) Chicken Parm so bland that I'm pretty sure I could make it myself. My GF and her mom had the clam pasta dish and neither raved about it, finished half or asked for a to-go box. Afterwards me and my gf went for drinks and then... secret pizza; if that says anything. This wasn't the worst meal ever, especially with the lemon thyme drink, but I wouldn't go back here with so many other options in Vegas.0/2-service-prices (expensive)-atmosphere-food quality +the "Lemon Thyme" drink was good+proximity to the Palms (lol)Ok had to say at the end that this place stays packed and theres alot of great reviews. But I seriously tried twice people! Twice!!! Maybe its just me
4	Really delicious home-made tasting Italian food. The garlic bread is amazing. Wine is pretty good too.
5	Always excellent...! The service and the food is great. The atmosphere smells great. I didn't need a reservation and i waited 12 minutes... Not bad... Great date place. San Genero event was in town and Nora's was still busy..! That is awesome!
5	I love this place.  The food is amazing.  We go here at least once a week.  My favorite is the Halibut dinner and I always have the red sangria.  Rudy is great (bartender.)
5	By far this IS the BEST Italian restaurant just off the strip. Don't let the outside of the place fool you. It looks small and somewhat uninviting. But once in side, great atmosphere. Very clean with cloth tablecloths. Excellent service!  The wait staff are well versed on the dishes. Your water glass never stays empty. Food portions are decent sized but not over the top. Absolutely wonderful. We will definitely be back!
2	Meh,They used to be better. Now the prices gone up slightly and the quality lessened. Even in their heyday they were only "As good as it gets in Vegas" but that's coming from someone who grew up on good Italian American Cuisine.
4	It's hit or miss. Been here 10 times 8 out of the 10 it was excellent. Service was good, food was great. I guess it just depends on who you get. I'll keep coming back hoping that the two times I went and got bad service was a fluke. Try the crazy Alfredo!
4	Food good, I was too late to get my favorite rib eye sandwich. Pizza and chicken strips. Awesome garlic bread.Lurch for a waiter....
2	Nora's restaurant is always excellent, the antipasto is the best in town.food is always delicious, however not happy they charge if you want a second basket of garlic bread and they do not serve cream for the coffee.
4	Really good Italian food. The antipasto was absolutely delicious and the garlic bread was good too. My husband had the pork tender loin and I had the veal scallopini, delicious. I used the Yelp coupon for a buy one glass of sangria and get one free, I wasn't wild about this though since I have had better. All in all it was a delicious diner and we will be back.
5	Great hidden spot in the valley if you are looking for a local Italian restaurant.  The entire family loved it.  First, we were served fresh garlic bread as an appetizer.  When I say fresh, I mean you can actually watch them make it in the kitchen when you walk in.Second, the sauce is good, which is always important.  The spaghetti, Tomato & Basil, and my Veal Parm all were good because of the gravy.  In top off that, my veal was tender.  Finally, my wife had the Crazy Alfredo, which apparently was the highlight of dinner.  She talked about it all night.I was happy with the service too.  Our waiter was patient with me taking time with the wine order.   I was also happy they took our leftovers and boxed then up for us, which is always a plus.Will definitely be going back.
5	came here for dinner with a large group expecting nothing, but i left feeling very full and very happy with everything. what i ate:- mozzarella caprese (app): delicious caprese. fresh ingredients. very tasty. - pomodoro bruschetta (app): very fresh and garlicy on top of tasty bread. while very good, i was nervous about eating more than one and getting too full- garlic bread: soooo garlicy and buttery and delicious. i was starving when i got to the restaurant so i think i inhaled about 1/3 of the basket. left my mouth super yummy and garlicy. but beware this bread basket! the more you eat the less room you'll have for other delectable treats- antipasto salad: i know this is a salad, but dang, it's a filler. plenty of cheese, ham, salami, olives. very tasty italian dressing- penne w/vodka sauce: suprise dish of the night! that vodka sauce is UH MAY ZZING! so addicting. the leftovers were pretty good the next day too- chicken parmigianai: very well cooked. not too heavily breaded. the chicken was still moist and juicy- pork tenderloin alla siciliana w/arugula salad, garlic red potatoes: the pork was good, but it got kicked up two notches when paired with the spicy, citrusy arugula salad. the garlic potatoes were so perfectly roasted, though i wonder, did they flash fry these suckers cause they were so crispy and addicted. probably due to being drowned in oil? shh, it's okay, just keep eating them.- tiramisu: dessert to get! so tasty and perfect. not too soggy, not too cream. this was soooo good. i wish i had more room in my stomach to keep eating- cannoli: tasty, but id rather have more of the tiramisu- house sangria red and white: omg, BOTH were so tasty. not too heavy on the wine, not too sweet. just a perfect pairing. (yelp check in FREEBIE: buy one sangria or house wine, get one FREE!) the bartenders were pretty annoyed that we all used the app to get the freebie, but no shame. the sangria is great! the white one was much more refreshing, but i preferred the slightly richer red winepros:- service: we had a very large party, but the server was great. he tried to keep on top of things as much as possible, despite having to juggle so many of us- FOOD: everything!!!! i ate was so tasty and delicious- live music: when we went on a friday night there was live music in the bar dining area. i cant really remember what kind of music they played, but it was relaxing and nice... but, due to the loud music, it may be difficult to have a conversation with your date if youre sitting in the bar dining area- prices: very very reasonable for all the food offeredcons:- only 1 bathroom for each sex. i was there for a few hours, and every time i went to the restroom there seemed to be a wait. would i come again? sure!
4	Holy cow - last time I reviewed Nora's was 2008 ?!?! GF cravin' to-go Italian as we hibernate another weekend evening ( we are definitely way too ant-social these days ) I gotta believe I've been to Nora's at least 10 times since the last review so it gives you an idea how much I like the place.  What surprises me the most is the pricing - though I haven't been to Olive Garden in a long time I bet Nora's pricing is similar.We went with the aracini rolls for an app, the crazy fettucini and spaghetti and meatballs for main event ( I was chastised for not getting a dessert .. next time ) - total cost $42 ( darn good value ) the food ?  gf felt the risotto rolls were "old" - I call BS on that - what do you want - make the risotto fresh, roll them up and put them in the fryer ?  she thought the oil might be old ...whatever, more for me !the spaghetti and meatballs - above average - the balls might have been a little too dense ( ie no filler ) - sauce decent could have been a little thicker ( personal preference ) The crazy fettucini - your basic fettucini but they add sausage, chicken, shrimp and for a little bite - jalapeno's.  I liked it though maybe a little too much going on.order came with garlic bread - my guess an entire head of garlic in one roll ! whewpics attachedalso, the place was packed when I picked up the order - Nora's continues to rock
3	I went to a wedding reception here. We preordered and it still took two hours to get our food. I had high expectations and was a little disappointed. The tortellini tasted exactly like buttoni  and the vodka sauce was very bland. The Caprese salad was really good but overdressed. The mozzarella was great but the dressing killed it. The beef tenderloin tasted exactly like pork (I think because of the marinade). It tasted super gamey and the chicken parm tasted tough. The cannoli was fantastic but the tiramisu was sound drowned in coffee that I couldn't taste any of the nuanced flavors of the cream or lady fingers. Seemed really overpriced as well.
3	This place has a nice vibe and feel to it. Garlic bread was amazing, super garlicky just how I like it. We also had the steak and arugula bruschetta and that was really delicious also. I ordered the linguine and clam as my entree and this is where I was a bit disappointed. The sauce was bland and not garlicky enough for me and had some gritty stuff in the sauce.All in all i would like to give this place another try.  Oh and free sangria with a checkin isnt all that bad.
3	I got an email from a person from Nora's telling me that they don't have beef and what I ate was actually pork. Sorry for the mistake. Though I must say, it's rather telling that it was a mystery meat situation.
3	Soon as i walked in... i was excited to start grubbin! Just by looking at the place you can tell its a REAL italian restaurant plus they had a check-in offer for free sangria!First came the garlic bread. The garlic bread was just how garlic bread should be... crispy, buttery, and full of garlic! it was soo good we ordered another (the 1st garlic bread is free then $1.50 for each additional). For appetizers, we ordered the Steak & Arugula Bruschetta which was a good change from the usual tomato version. It had thin cuts of steak with arugula & vinaigrette on top of french bread. But the reason for the 3 stars is because of the entrees.K.L. had ordered the Linguini & Clams which were so bland! Surprising since the bread was so flavorful.I had ordered the Gnocchi with Vodka Sauce, which was so much better than the linguini, but i probably would not order again.The service was great and the place did get slammed right after we walked in so i would like to give Nora's another try... and another free sangria.
4	Very nice quality Italian food, I have been here a couple of times. First time I had Penne w/ vodka sauce. Good.. not great. Second visit I had the Spaghetti Marinara, better much better. I am a fan of their marinara. I am not a fan of how close you are to the other tables. I need just a little elbow room for my spaghetti dinner.
4	great food reasonably priced. if you don't want to pay $100 for a plate of spaghetti on the strip then this is the place for you!
5	Wanted to eat somewhere off the strip. Just picked a random Italian place and was pleasantly surprised. Wonderful food and great service.  Great place
4	Overall 8.6/10 atmosphere 8.5/10 service 8.2/10 food 8.8-8.9/10 value 9It's hard to impressive me for Italian foodBut I think this restaurant is top 3 Italian restaurants in Las Vegas at this price!
5	My bf and I have dined here twice in 2 weeks. Love the atmosphere, service, value and delicious Italian! The first time we went was on a Tuesday night and waited an hour for a table for two. Very busy and happy for them! ;) they take reservations an hour after the time you call so just call ahead!
4	A nice Italian restaurant off the strip that offers good and affordable food.We ordered the classic Caesar salad, pasta puttanesca and carciolla pizza. Salad had a pretty good serving size for the price. It was good, but just had a tad too much dressing. The flavor was delicious though.The puttanesca had lots of flavor in it. I liked the crunchy green olives that were incorporated in it. My bf liked the pizza a lot but it was just average for me. I've tasted something better. The pizza had ham, artichokes, black olives and mushrooms. I was not a fan of their pizza crust. The service was pretty slow for a Thursday night. The restaurant was probably 75% full. All in all we will probably be back since I wanted to try their antipasto salad and Alla Nora. Saw those from the other table and it looked pretty delicious.
4	Awesome food, VERY difficult to get in to. Generally when I get home on Friday night at 6:00pm, we still have to wait until 8:30 to get a table. However, definitely worth it. Last time I had baked rigatoni something or other- ah-mazing. And the canolis...mmm.
1	Don't go!  Called in a take out for 2 orders of pasta and 1 salad.  They said it would take about 45 minutes.  I thought " wow they are busy so it must great!"  I was so wrong.    When I asked the hostess how' much longer after i called in an hour before she said another 55 minutes.  It took 20 more minutes and was soggy, salty, and had zero flavor!
5	My husband and I consider this our romantic date night spot:) Great food and drinks every time, and we've been loyal customers for almost 8 years! Love Nora's!
5	Why did I give this only three-stars back in 2011?  We went back and revisited the menu and experience.  Maybe time makes us a bit nostalgic, but we were quite pleased by the experience and food.  Okay, parking is still a challenge, noise level is high (but, it is an Italian family restaurant), and it was still cramped.  However, food quality was just as good as any fine dining Italian in the more higher priced casinos with celebrity chef names, and the price is very reasonable.  Strongly suggest you make reservations and get their early -- and get their hungry!  Don't stuff yourself with the cheese bread!
2	The food is very bland in most cases, unless you get their old Steak and cheese sandwich (not on the menu anymore), and then all you can taste is the cheese. The chicken Parmesan is not breaded and is sitting in a tasteless soup. I have eaten here many times (not by my choice), and have never had a good meal. It is clean and has a nice atmosphere, but I would skip this place in the future
5	Chicken Alfredo, Crazy Alfredo, Garlic bread, house salad and rigatoni special. Cannoli is he best.
4	Handsome staff (lol), delicious food, patient with big parties, delicious Italian food. 9/10 would go again.
4	I am writing this review as I enjoy leftovers from dinner earlier tonight. The Nora experience ...ahh where to start...From the moment you step into Nora's you feel right at home. The restaurant has this indescribable homey feel to it that just puts a person at ease. There are two rooms to the restaurant, without having made a reservation, we were lucky enough to be seated immediately in the room by the kitchen.Their ceiling is very unique and is decorated with Trinacria ornaments which is the symbol of Sicily. Our server was nice enough to give us a short history lesson...pretty interesting. The garlic bread...ahhh the garlic bread...I could probably eat three baskets myself. So thin, crispy, and buttery....ahh AND GARLICKY...so delicious. The first basket is free and every additional basket is 2.50...which is smart of them because it is just that addicting. I can see people going off on the garlic bread and call it a day. I ordered the Chicken Carciofi in attempts to be "healthy"....I figured that chicken breast can't be that bad for you...eh. The order is served with pasta, fresh tomatoes, artichokes, and capers. The chicken was so moist and the flavors were just MMmmmMm...perfect...not to salty and just right. Pretty much blown away at first bite. Very generous portions, which explains why I'm stuffing my face with pasta at 1:30am...Such a bad idea blaghhh...Body will hate me for eating all these carbs before bed.Friends got the rigatoni special and cheese raviolis which were great as well but I was pretty overwhelmed with my Carciofi to really enjoy theirs.We also got the calamari and mozzarella sticks as appetizers, but I wasn't really impressed with either.Really great Italian food at very reasonable prices without sacrificing service. Our server was very attentive and informative. I will definitely be back to try the crazy alfredo. It is probably a good idea to make a reservation next time to be seated in the main room.Guaranteed to put you in a food coma.
5	Just got back from an amazing dinner with my girlfriend. This place is so good, I can't even begin to describe. We found this gem on yelp, figured we should make a reservation from the reviews saying it gets really busy, and that is TOO accurate. We called about 2 hours before we wanted to make our reservation for, no problem. We even showed up late, and were still seated in about 3 minutes.The ambiance is so nice there, like you have no idea. We were thoroughly impressed by the atmosphere, it was right in the middle of being tux classy, and a regular pizzeria. Atmosphere 10/10Now on to the service our waiter was quick and attentive even though they were as busy as they were. He was so chill, and really cool to us. Service 10/10My girlfriend ordered the Linguini and Clams, and I ordered the Crazy Alfredo. Both meals were soooo good, we can't wait to be hungry again for our left overs. We ordered the Ceasar Salad to share before our food, and it was delicious. They don't skimp you on the sauce, and they put their SPOT ON garlic bread around it (which you also get a free basket of by the way) Food 10/10Basically if you want a really great dinner for a good price, you HAVE to give this a try. We will definitely be back! AND this time we will get dessert haha
5	Still the best after all these years.Moved out of town for a few years and just got back, so we had to go to Nora's for dinner.It was outstanding, Anthony has been there for 7 years now and continues to provide unparalleled service.Mussel's were large, plump and delicious, and the pizza, wow, I am still enjoying it today for lunch.I can't wait to go back.
3	I guess their one bad dish is the one I got...Chicken Parm.  It was tiny (definitely not $13 worth of chicken-I actually thought it was an appetizer).  It's not breaded and had no taste.  Their marinara is pretty bland, very watery.  I noticed most everyone on here gets a dish that doesn't involve their marinara.  Their garlic bread was good.  My son liked the Fettuccine Alfredo a lot.  The service was friendly, but slow to get the food to the table.I guess I would try this again, but would order something different.  Do not get the Chicken Parm.
5	I've been coming here since high school....never a disappointment. Best hidden lil gem.
5	Boyfriend brought me here for my birthday. It was AMAZING. Garlic bread was to die for and so were our dishes. I had the Rigatoni Gorgonzola and he had the veal. Both of is were satisfied. It was my first time dining at Nora's but this might be one of my fave places already.
5	Totally love this place!  My family loves to get the back private room every year for Christmas.  Their appetiser platter is the best!
5	I came here for a rehearsal dinner for my sister's wedding last May. I have thought about going back to this restaruant ever since. I absolutely loved everything. I was able to try a lot of different menu items since it was a large party and they served us pre selected random dishes. The antipasta salad, so delicous!!! I would say the best I've had anywhere. All the yummy meats and cheese with a great dressing.  Next we had Eggplant parmesan, so good and the best dish was the Baked Ziti. I never ever order this at a restaraunt but I've been in search of one as amazing as Nora's ever since. I thought I had been missing out on this dish for years but nope just the one at Nora's. Last but not least, dessert was served tiramisu and canolis. The canoli was amazing! I definitely recommend this restaraunt and will probably be back every trip I make to Vegas.
2	I hate to say it but from what i tasted I would rather have Olive Garden. This is coming from someone who doesn't even like Olive Garden. The live music was great, the older gentlemen playing were exactly who I expected to be in a place like this. The bar is beautiful, I did not have any drinks but it didn't appear to be lacking a good selection. Onto the food. Garlic bread: the standard greasy garlic bread. It would have benefitted from a little salt but the shaker at the table was empty.  Chicken Marsala: 4 oddly shaped pieces of chicken, which almost seemed like leftover scraps. Overly sweet and thick sauce that tasted like they buy it in. I found it strange that they served it with a side of spaghetti and red sauce but went with it anyways. That was a mistake, the noodles were al dente but the sauce was sad. No true tomato flavor, no depth, just bland. And the worst is when there's a pool of watery liquid underneath a nest of sauced pasta. My friend had linguine and clams: according to them it was too much garlic and no real flavor. The service was good, our waiter was professional and kept a very clean appearance. As for the hostess, she could use a little more personality. When a customer walks in it's best to say hello not stand and stare at them Until they say something. So really the only major thing lacking here is the food. Which is kind of a very important part of a restaurant. Unless that changes I won't be back.
3	So the first time I dined here they suggested we wait at the bar til our table was ready, and we did.  Thirty minutes later we checked on our table and they said they gave it away because they thought we were going to dine at the bar.  WHAT?!  They didn't even look for us!  The second time we dined here was tonight 12/31/13 and we had reservations.  When we arrived she looked startled and said our table was already given away.  Of course my response was, "Well that's nice, our res is for 5:30pm and it's 5:30pm."  She says, "Well, is he already here" (meaning my husband).  Trying not to laugh, I said No he drove we just arrived.  She then calls for help and another young girl arrives to assist.  Whoa and behold it's the same girl that screwed up the 1st time we dined here!  They reconciled the error and we were seated, but with attitude.  If it wasn't for the wonderful wait staff and the pasta dishes we would not return.  I ordered the rib eye, medium and I received it medium well and it had more fat than meat. It was also over salted.  I did not return it because it would have taken another 20 minutes to prepare.  Stick with the pasta dishes next time!  Bottom line is the food over all is very good, they just need to work on hiring mature and professional hostesses.
5	Don't get there often enough! Food is wonderful, wine too!! LOVE their spinach/farro salad.
4	Never heard of it before....  Apparently this place is a "hidden gem" of Las Vegas.  Tonight, our Food was good. Service was ok... Nothing to write home about there! I will say the Snow White pizza is exceptional.
1	Had dinner at this place last night. Sat in the smaller room. We had 9 pm reservation ( place closes at 10 ). Room had 6 other tables with guests dining. Waitress took our order. Asked for bottled still water, they brought ice water. We order cheese sticks, spinach salad and 2 entrees. They coursed everything out, cheese came first, a while later, the salad. They were ok, nothing special. As we were finishing our salad, we noticed the room got empty.  Then immediately the entrees came out. From this moment on, the waitress started to rush us. She never checked on us on the cheese or salad courses, then she appears abruptly as we were eating our entrees and asked 'how was everything. Should I wrap these up?' Well, we were eating still, so we said no. Barely five minutes after, she came back and asked ' all set? Should I wrap these up'? My friend let her wrap his entree, as I was still eating. When she returned with his food to go, she picked my plate and asked if  she could wrap it up. I let her do it. I was upset by this time already. My friend asked about the chocolate cake, she said takes '25 to 30 minutes.. I have a cheesecake..' We said no , just the check. They probably would have thrown us out if we had ordered the chocolate cake.. Mind you that we left 9:55, so technically, they were still open. I ate there before and loved it. This time, the garlic bread was the only great item. My pasta was flavorless, my friend entree has so much cheese, it was all we tasted. Cocktails were ok, nothing special. Won't come back.
5	In Vegas for a soccer tournament. My friend went there the night before and had nothing but good things to say. Due to the 45 min wait, we ordered to go. Had the fettuccine Alfredo with chicken, angel hair pasta with meat balls and Caesar salad. We kept it simple, I know but these simple dishes were outstanding with flavor and cooked to perfection. The taste was above average and I could tell the chefs put a lot of time and effort on these "simple" dishes. Home run for sure.
5	Found this restaurant on a recent trip to Vegas. Great food and atmosphere. Prices were not crazy. We ate at a lot of places on the Strip but I thought this was the best food I had during the entire vacation. If you go, try the Lemon Drop martini!! It was amazing to watch the bartender make this specialty drink. It's not like any other one you have ever tried!
1	We came here for like 5 times before everything was awesome!. BUT las night we ate there 5 ppl and we ALL feeling sick and THROWING UP  all night long, we will probably go to UMC but you need to be carful from this place!!Maybe it's time for the health department to check this place!
5	Really good food! I had chicken parmesan and it was the best! Service and food were both great.
4	Wow!! This place deserves five stars but I took one away due to the location, which isn't too great!!  However, the food here is spot on and delicious!!!  You'll love the ambience with the old crooners singing in the background..  This place is legitimately Italian!!  You've got to give it a try!!  The food is five stars all the way!!  You'll love it!! Journey on Yelp peeps!!  :-D. Until next time!
5	Absolutely one of the best meals I've had in a very long time. Simple but delicious dishes! The Gnocchi alla vodka was stupendous and the spaghetti and meatballs wonderfully good... Yummy! Service was great. Nothing bad to say about Nora's. I can't wait till my next Vegas trip so I could get some more!!!
1	My wife and I went to Nora's because her sons were regulars there.  We were suppose to meet them there as they were treating us to dinner.  We got there before my step son's did and tried to tell Nora's we were in their party but was greeted with disdain.  They mistreated us so poorly we almost walked out.  Soon my step son's arrived.  When Nora's saw who they were, they changed their tune.  All of a sudden, we were okay.  That didn't sit well with me.  I can't tell you if the food was good because my appetite was ruined.Note to Nora's.  Since that happened, we have never been back and that was about ten years ago.  You should have treated us with respect like your regulars because we could have been new regulars.  Now you lost a potential regular and your old regular.
4	Great dinner and service. We had the Rigatoni Gorgonzola and Chicken, Linguini with clams, a vegetarian pizza and whole wheat penne with Alfredo sauce.  Everything was great. We ordered the red sangria that was really fine.  I'm not a big sangria fan so I wasn't expecting much.  I usually think of sangria as cheap red wine with soda.  I was pleasantly surprised that the sangria was made with good wine and beautiful fruit.Overall a very nice dinner.
5	I can't believe that it finally took me till last week to try this place. This might be the best hidden gem in the valley.Listen.....just get the Spaghetti Alla Nora and thank me later.I'm out...back to enjoy that pasta.
3	I was happy with the prices here.  Italian restaurants can be pretty pricey but it wasn't that bad!  The service was crap.  The bf and I were at at this restaurant for a little under two hours and had food in front of us for about an hour of it.  The sangria was good and we gladly took advantage of the check-in offer of buy one, get one free.  :)  Bf said his food was cold and my food was subpar.  I honestly have found it hard to find good Italian food so in comparison to other Italian restaurants it was a little above average.  If you can cook good Italian food I would just stay home and cook for yourself. The chocolate lava cake was also very average.  In our young 20's and we were the youngest people there by far.
2	I brought my wife here for a special meal.  I mean, after all, the reviews were very kind and so I figured it would be a nice place to come. They sat us right away and I was expecting a nice Italian dinner.  The waitress was very nice, however, the food lacked completely.  My wife and I both ordered fettuccine alfredo, and I'm sorry to report that there was absolutely no taste in the food.  There was no garlic, no flavors that you would expect in a (expensive) Italian meal.  When the waitress asked how everything was, we were very honest.  I explained that there was no flavor in the food, to which she apologized.  She brought terimisu (sp?) out complementary at the end, but again, even that lacked flavor.  I hate to say it, but Olive Garden has more flavor, and we despise going there!  This is my suggestion - go to the grocery store, buy your own ingredients, buy a bottle of wine, and have a stay at home date with your partner.  Not only will it be cheaper, but the flavors you can create yourself will beat this restaurant any day.
3	Aaaah what happened to you?? This was my favorite Italian restaurant of ALL time. I am sad to say that I will have to find a new spot:( I spoke so highly of Nora's, so when it was girl's night out, we had this place in mind. Parking can be a pain during the dinner rush because there are like 10 businesses sharing 50 spots. Make sure to give yourself some time for that. As for the restaurant itself, don't let the exterior fool you. The inside is nicer than the outside. To the right of the restaurant is the bar/lounge area and to the left is the more lit up family area. Service was pretty normal. Nothing special, she was nice and did her job. The average rating goes towards the food. Like I said, this WAS my favorite spot until now. Let me explain why. Garlic Bread: a few years ago it used to be thick slices of bread covered in butter with huge chunks of garlic right there staring at you. Bad breath for hours, but so good. Now, it's thin slices of bread with just garlic flavored butter. It's like something you could have bought in the frozen food section. Appetizers: Cesar salad was pretty boring. And $5 for a few pieces of lettuce was way overpriced. The truffle fries were pretty boring too. Just plain French fries sprinkled with Parmesan. Boring all around. The fries did have a good crisp though. Eggplant Parmesan: this is the ONLY thing I order off the menu. Pan fried eggplant covered with marinara sauce and mozzarella served with a side of spaghetti. Sounds good right? It was before. This visit I got a pile of mush. Maybe because they messed up my friend's pizza order so my dish was probably just chillin. Very disappointed. All in all, I probably won't come back to Nora's. It still beats Olive Garden, but maybe I'll just stick with Bootlegger's from now on.
5	My goodness soooo worth the trek from the Strip. My friend and I were debating whether to do this or have a celebrity chef Italian cuisine on the strip. So glad we chose this. It takes things back to the simplicity of good home made Italian food. We had aranchini balls to start with which was very good. I had the Veal Chop special for my main and it was the best Veal Chop parm I have ever had.We got there around 21:30 and the restaurant was still full on a weekday in Feb, but we were seated quickly.Service was very friendly and efficient despite of it being busy. If your in the mood for excellent home made Italian comfort food this is highly recommended. I'm still drooling thinking of the food.
5	I heard about this place on a local radio station. They were mentioning the top pizza places in throughout the nation. Nora's took first place and of course, being the pizza lover I am, I had to try this place. After finally planning our Vegas trip I said we had to try this place before we left to see if its really the #1 best pizza in the USA (San Diego took #2 woohoo). We got there exactly at the time they opened to beat the lunch crowd. At first it was empty, but immediately got packed for the lunch hour.  We already know what we wanted since we had browsed through the menu on their website. After being seated, the bus boy offered us water along with any other beverage. A few minutes later, our waitress greeted us with fresh garlic bread (Which was to die for!!) We started off with a Caesar Salad then ordered our pizza. We went for the Snow White pizza and added mushrooms and prosciutto (per hubby's request). I must say this is probably the best pizza I've ever had. The ricotta on the pizza was so fresh it would melt in your mouth. The dough was just perfect. Not too heavy, not too doughy, not too thin, not too thick. I'm usually not too crazy about prosciutto, its just too salty for me to enjoy, but this one was perfect!! It had the right texture, not too chewy or salty. Overall, I had a wonderful experience and I can totally see myself coming back if I'm ever in Vegas again.
4	I finally found a decent local Italian restaurant. The complimentary garlic bread served in the beginning put us to a great start.  The food was good but nothing special about it. The grapefruit juice I ordered was not what I expected; I did not enjoy it at all.. I'll be back another time to try some more dishes
5	Every time I come here, I leave saying "why don't I come here more often?!" The menu is extensive and the prices are incredibly reasonable. Most recently, dined in a group of four - we ordered a large salad (Antipasto) and the arancini to share. The large salad easily had two servings per person. Both were super tasty... And we easily could have had just that for dinner - we ended up boxing up all but three bites of our entrees (equally delicious) to eat for lunch the next day. I can vouch for the Crazy Alfredo, gnocci (and vodka sauce), Pasta Puttanesca and Rigatoni Special. Yuuuum. Our waitress was super friendly and attentive (wish I could remember her name - sorry!) and recommended a great bottle of wine - and made no judgement about the fact that we told her we wanted to stay on the cheap side of the list.Go, go, go!
4	Made reservations here for Sunday,Early dinner which I highly highly recommend ... 5:30pm. Every time I have dined here later than 6:30pm,  it is always extremely packed and there's usually a line out the door (people literally waiting in the parking lot). The parking lot is difficult to park at peak hours.The food is always delicious. There were four of us and we split the large house salad ("serves 4-6 people"). I had an appetizer "Bruschetta Al Pomodorowith tomatoes, fresh herbs, olive oil ADD steak for my entree!!!! Yummy. The bill for four of us came to (with four glasses of wine) $125. Not bad, I shall return.
5	Great food! Random location (in a strip mall) so it may not look appealing but it's awesome! I visit Vegas a lot and wanted a great place to eat with non-strip prices and this place was it! Highly recommend!
5	This was a great YELP find.  In Vegas and we wanted to find an Italian Restaurant where we could get take-out.  So to YELP I looked and found Nora's.  The menu looked good so we ordered.  When I arrived to pick up my food, I was skeptical when I saw it was in a strip mall.  But once I walked through the doors, I felt like I was transported to a NYC Italian restaurant. From the checkerboard floor and exposed brick walls to the servers rushing around with plates of food, I was immediately excited for what I had found.  As I waited for my order, I was surprised at how busy this place was.  It appeared if you did not have a reservation, it would be a long wait.  It was fun watching this place move.  I even snapped some photos to show my wife back at the hotel.  It really did feel like I was somewhere else.  And the food was awesome!  We got the large (or huge) Antipasto salad, the penne with Gorgonzola sauce with chicken, penne with marinara and yummy meatballs, steak bruschetta, and some delicious garlic bread.  And the hostess to took my order and got me my food was really friendly and helpful.  5-stars...and this is from a guy who doesn't really like Italian.
4	This was a great place to stop in while I was in Vegas. The chilli was banging. The service we got was top notch because my wife ordered something they didn't have and she went next door and ordered it for her.. now that's service. Even the two restaurants were connected, but still the hostest could have said, "no, we don't have that" but she extended her service far beyond the norm. That's great customer service. She certainly was worthy of a bigger tip!
2	The service was ok. I came in with my family of 8 and unfortunately,  everyone is our party had an upset stomach from the tomato sauce in the dishes. Luckily,  I had the chicken which came with salad. That was delicious.  I recommend them if and only if you don't have anything with their tomato sauce.
3	Friendly.  Decent food. Reasonable prices.  I went there for a late night meal and just had a small plate so can't give it a fair review but no complaintsMy friend that went with is a regular and really loves it.
4	Great food, friendly place and real authentic.  Meatballs yummy and antipasto deliish!!Teramisu and canolli's wow!
4	I was unsure about this place because of location but it was very good. The service was excellent! Food and pricing were good.
2	I really hope that the hype behind this place is that it once was much better and people are latching on to the nostalgia. This was one of the most mediocre restaurants I have visited. We made reservations for 8:45pm on a Saturday night and the place was packed. It is located in a small strip mall and would be easy to miss. We were promptly seated and that is when everything started to go downhill. It took ~15 minutes to even get acknowledged and place our drink order. Their gnocchi and pasta are not made in house. I am not sure what would compel someone to pay $12 for gnocchi out of a package when I can get delicious gnocchi from Trader Joe's and toss in some pancetta for $5. I opted for their Frutti di Mare ($21) which was linguini in runny arrabiata sauce with an assortment of seafood. The husband had their carbonara which ranks among the worst I have ever had in the states. I am not even comparing this to Italy standards. While two of the three members of the party were still eating, one of the people's plates got taken away to be boxed up. Awkward. The server ignored our table pretty much most of the time and then rushed us out at the end. I would not come back nor recommend this place. It is all hype.
5	This place is great! We came from CA with the kids and we are coming back! I don't care about any reviews this place is awesome.  Great food, great service, I might just drive back from LA for the food.
2	We had a horrible experience here tonight. Our server was awful. I asked for lemon for our water twice and she never brought it. It took forever for her to take our order, and the three tables seated after us received their entrees before we did.  (We ordered two Spaghetti and one house salad- there were 3 of us.) When we mentioned that this did not seem right she told us she tried to get our food out as soon as possible. Tried? How does that make sense that all the tables seated around us after we were seated first received their entrees well before ours? Plus she brought out the salad first- which was supposed to be the entree for one of us so the other two were left waiting while one person ate their salad. Then of course the person with the salad was already finished by the time the other two even received their spaghetti. We were so irritated- it ruined the whole evening. Service was slow the entire time. We were ready and wanting to go- waiting for our check- when she brought out complimentary gelato. (We did not want dessert.) I'm sorry but free gelato and good food does not make up for terrible service. We will not be back.
3	I'm born and raised in vegas. I ate here when it first opened in the 90's. It def is not what it used to be "back in the day". Still good food but way too busy and long waits for service. Last visit march 2014. I guess if you want good service dont come here during peak hours. The night of my visit the patrons were pretty saucy and loud. I guess people feel this type of resturaunt is cool with drunk cackling bimbos and loud rambling.
5	I have been here several times (always for take-out) and have never been disappointed.  Their pizzas are delicious and so are the pasta dishes.  I love the ambiance: it's very casual and friendly.  The kitchen is right in the middle of the action and it's something you see as soon as you walk in the door.  The smells are outrageous and enough to kick the salivary glands into high gear!  On my most recent visit (4/19/14), I ordered the snow white pizza with prosciutto on top.  The pizza was delicious and the crust was perfectly crispy and very tasty.  I also ordered the Rigatoni Nora and the Baked Rigatoni.  Everything was delicious...I'm still dreaming about the leftovers from the next day and how good they were!  Next time, I intend to take some friends with me and eat in to truly enjoy this excellent restaurant.
5	Alfredo pasta is out of this world! Good ambience. Live music. Garlic bread is good. Highly recommend.
5	Hubby and I wanted a good Italian place and thanks to Yelp....we found it! I ordered the eggplant parmesan with spaghetti and they were cooked perfectly. The marinara sauce was excellent and the garlic bread heavenly. My husband ordered the linguine and clams and it was devine.  One of the best I ever tasted. We also ordered two glasses of sangria and it was wonderful. For dessert we ordered the cannoli. There are no words in the English language to describe the amazing flavor. The cream was made from scratch and was very light and not overly sweet. The atmosphere is pleasant and the service is great. The staff is very friendly. You can see the open kitchen when you walk in and they create amazing dishes in such a small kitchen. We will definitely come back.
2	A friend told me that this was a very good Italian Restaurant & i have to say I was a little disappointed..they gave you garlic bread that was very hard. The calamari was a little chewy. The baked rigatoni was over cooked. The restaurant itself is a little outdated. I sat near the bar and they have this ceiling to floor curtain that look like it hasn't been cleaned in 20 years..The service was ok. I owned pizzerias and I made better Italian food than this so called really good local Italian restaurant..I am sure they will never see me again
5	Best Italian food in Vegas!!!!10.0- Arancini balls are amazing. You can't just eat 1. So addicting10.0-- fettuccini carbonara with chicken. Alfredo sauce was great!!! Best that I have ever tasted. Very authentic and fresh tasting
5	The best italian restaurant in town. My favorite angel hair with meat sauce. Great service.
4	Intimate dining, thus need reservation or you will wait. Food was excellent, service was pleasant. Prompt service, did not have to wait more than 10 mins for food. Drink refills were very timely. Prices were reasonable. Only negative, garlic breadsticks were not very fresh. Other than that it was a good experience.
4	The food here is awesome...like, seriously awesome. I've tried several of the dishes and haven't had a bad meal yet.  Also awesome: the wait staff. I find that here in Las Vegas its hard to find good service (which is odd because I would have thought the opposite) so I love coming here to dine in because its always a very pleasant experience. Ask for Anthony or Don they are both fantastic and friendly servers. The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because their dining rooms are extremely crowded when busy and it feels very claustrophobic in those situations. It won't stop me from going back though!
5	WOW! How did I not discover this little place before? I'm so glad my friends introduced me to Nora's. Service was great.The food was fantastic, the garlic bread is the real deal. I had the Chicken Parmesan. What a little gem tucked away in a strip mall. Definitely coming back
5	The food is beyond excellent, and very decently priced.  If you come here get the cannoli!!! It's the best dessert you'll ever have.  Also ask for Nick, he's a great server and is very knowledgable about the menu!!
5	The manager reached out to me about my previous comment, which is very pleasing. Assured me it was an isolated incident so I returned with friends from out of town. The Crazy Alfredo was bomb! I missed that so much. Our experience was 5 star! Food like always was perfect, service as well. Manager appreciated me coming back and showed us, by taking care of our appetizers and first round. This just shows you that when an A+ establishment get a bad review and reach out to you, it speaks much louder. He completely restored my faith in Nora's and I will be returning soon!
3	Came in for lunch, had the seafood misto and antipasto salad.  Food was very good.  Service was fair, had to ask multiple times for more bread.  Finally came after we had finished.  Would try again.
4	It's date night with Hunnie Bunnie and she's stumped on where to go! I've been trying to go to NEW places so I Yelped Italian Restaurants and Nora's popped up. I checked the menu and they have Frutti Di Mare! Clams Shrimp Mussels Calamari with red sauce and fettuccine! I'm SOLD. I started with a glass of Red Sangria which wasn't bad - it was actually in a BIG ASS wine glass AND it was pretty strong. They also have a Yelp check in offer for a free second glass so I tried the White but I didn't like it - our server replaced it with another red one for me. Great! They serve complimentary garlic bread which is SUPER garlicky so OF COURSE I loved it. We started with a House Salad which wasn't bad. I ordered the Frutti Di Mare - Our server asked if I liked spicy at all and I said Yes! Make it EXTRA spicy. I ordered Spaghetti and Meatballs for Hunnie Bunnie and he asked if I would like to just do a Side of Spaghetti and Meatballs? Yes for sure! The side came out and was the perfect size for her with one giant meatball on top. Mine came out and the seafood was fantastic - LOTS of calamari and BIG mussels and shrimp! It wasn't spicy though so I dumped red pepper flakes on it. The server was great and Hunnie Bunnie also loved it because they have paper table covers so she colored all over it.We also had dessert: Oreo Tartufu. Cookies n cream ice cream in a chocolate shell. HB LOVED it.
4	My favorite Italian restaurant in Vegas. Have worked through most of pasta dishes on the menu but my clear favorite is the fettuccine carbonara. Generous portions. The Caesar salad is terrific. Come hungry. In fact, for many couples, splitting a Caesar and an order if pasta would be enough.
3	The food was good however, I made reservations 4 hours prior to going and when I got there my reservation was not ready which didn't fly by me. Also as soon as we sat eventually the waitress didn't seem to customer friendly and when she asked to see our ID's for alcoholic beverages she said that she couldn't tell the difference between the IDs (assuming she thinks all Asians look alike) which also bothered me because the initial issue was lingering. I like that they give you an extra glass of sangria with the purchase of one and as long as you check in. Keep in mind I reserved a dinner for 7 because it was one of my family members birthday and I wanted to take her out. When dinner was finally served everyone got their food except me! Apparently they just forgot to put it in. When I got the final bill I noticed she didn't charge me for certain things I'm assuming cause she knew I was upset. Fortunately I'm not an asshole(excuse the language) and still tipped her about 18%. The food was great I enjoyed my meal, two calamaris we ordered for appetizers. The portions are great I guess personally the restaurant didn't give me a positive vibe.
5	This is hands down my favorite locals spot for Italian!..everything is delicious and very reasonably priced!..I def recommend the Snow White pizza and the chocolate lava cake but you have to order it in advance as it take awhile to come out cuz it's made to order
5	Great italian food! The antipasto is a perfect starter and the linguine with clams is delicious! Favorite local spot.
4	This place is delicious. A little far from the strip but worth the drive. I recommend Penne a la vodka, baked rigatoni and their cannoli for desert!
5	No complaints here. The food, service, and overall experience was quite exceptional. I will be back.
4	Well, I feel like I've deprived myself of good Italian food since I've avoided coming here so long. I'm certainly no Italian cuisine connoisseur, but I think this may be my favorite! I'll just get right into it.- The bread basket. The first one is complimentary. The rest are $2.50. Why? Because they're served hot and crispy covered in olive oil and garlic. Tasty!- The spaghetti and meatballs. It's worth immediately noting the spaghetti is served al dente - which is great. Most places just don't get this important detail. Then, one of my favorite parts of the menu: the meatballs. They were extremely soft, tender, and juicy. I'm not sure how they broke down the proteins to achieve this kind of texture but good job to them. I loved these balls.- The spaghetti alla Nora. It's essentially spaghetti served with less sauce but instead with eggplant, pesto, parmesan, and fresh basil. Again, the spaghetti itself was al dente. I think it could have used a bit more sauce but the bit that was on there was tasty. I think the combination of all the toppings ended up heavy - even though it wasn't great in volume. That's the downside to certain Italian dishes. All the oily elements on top of the carbs just ends up to be too much.- The prosciutto pizza. The favorite part of the meal. Near perfect crust. Light, soft, yet crispy where it should be. Just the right amount of ingredients to not be too heavy or too skimpy. Generous portion of arugula and prosciutto. A little bit too much grated parmesan. Still - near perfectly balanced taste. Loved it. Side note: small is not that small.Service was fine, nothing special. The whole restaurant had a nice homey feel to it. Local, hole-in-the-wall vibe without the ghetto feel. Nice. It's obvious most of their customers are repeats. This is a good sign. There is lively conversation all over the place, showing most people are comfortable here. I can see why they'd be back over and over again. I sure will be - for dessert next time!
4	First time coming here the other day. Was craving some Italian food and after finding it on yelp I thought Me and My boyfriend would give it a try. We came around 4pm, good thing because 30 minutes later it started getting packed! Hostess wasn't really a hostess, didn't really greet us or talk much as she was sitting us at our table but anyways, the server made up for that, she was great. We ordered the arancini & the house salad for apps and my boyfriend got a cup of the pasta fagioli also some complimentary garlic bread. The arancini was delicious I could've eaten all 4 myself lol the salad was yummy. The soup was kinda flavorless, needed more salt, and the garlic bread was great. For dinner I had the Alla Nora (Eggplant with Meat sauce & pesto) and my boyfriend had Rigatoni special (rigatoni, sauce, sausage, meatballs, peppers & onions). Only complaint I had about the Alla Nora is wayyyyyyyy too much parm cheese on it, like literally the whole thing covered and made it way too cheesy and salty. Next time I will ask without the cheese so I can put it on myself. My boyfriend liked the rigatoni, the meatballs were delicious. As for dessert we had a cannoli which was yummy and some Oreo ball icecream thing which was great. Will def be coming back again!
5	Our first time here. Salad, soup, eggplant, wines, bread, and on and on.Awesome atmosphere and food.We'll. Be back.
5	This is the BEST Italian food in town, although I seem to order the same thing when I go.  The Crazy Alfredo!  What a dish!  Their garlic bread is amazing; always hot and crispy with the perfect amount of garlic and seasoning.  If you're a fan of Caesar salad, their dressing is great also.The atmosphere is very authentic.  My wife and I sat in the bar area on a weekend evening.  They had live entertainment.  I felt like we had stepped into a scene of "The Godfather"
5	Dinner at Nora's was a hit! We made reservations which I would definitely recommend, because the place filled up quickly for the dinner rush. The service was very good and the pacing of the courses was right on track.Arancini and calamari were both cooked perfectly and were delicious. Nora salad was not my favorite, but I'm not a big roasted pepper fan. Garlic bread was delicious. They also have a full bar with plenty of specialty drinks.I had the gnocchi in vodka sauce which was tasty but I wish the gnocchi's were a little more firm. Other dishes ordered at the table were eggplant parmesan, angel hair with meatballs and linguine with clam sauce. Everyone enjoyed their selections and the portions were just right.We topped it all off with chocolate chip & pistachio cannoli for desert and cappuccino.Overall, we had a very nice experience at Nora's. It's a little bit pricey, but not bad considering what you would probably pay for lesser quality food at any of the Italian chains. I will definitely be back and would like to try their pizza.
5	It was my first time going tonight at 8pm and I am hooked. This place has really flavorful Italian food with such great prices! And they offer a free, huge glass of red sangria when checking in. Who doesn't like sangria! A+ just for that haha.Soo let's start with the atmosphere. Seems pretty casual, some people were dressed nice but I'd say it's the same type of atmosphere as Cheesecake Factory. It's pretty packed and some people might consider it loud. Definitely make a reservation if you're going more than a two person party. My boyfriend and I were seated after a 5 minute wait on a Sunday @8pm and within that time we saw three larger parties come in with reservations. I've come to learn, busy=yummy :)The first thing they brought out was a basket of garlic bread. This is how all other garlic breads should aspire to be. Real garlic and lotttts of it!! Off to a good start!We ordered the Arancini as our appetizer. They were really flavorful breaded risotto balls with marinara sauce. Really good and I liked that the breading wasn't too thick. I was hoping it was a little more cheesy but it didn't need it. $8.95For entree, I had the Rigatoni Gorgonzola with chicken. Again, super flavorful but not a bundle of flavors that you can't distinguish. You could really taste the Gorgonzola and the addition of mushrooms and sun dries tomatos made it heavenly. Large portion and extremely inexpensive at $14.95.My boyfriend had the small (ahem* small is used very loosely here lol) Snow White pizza and added pepperoni to it. This thing was massive and a steal at $12.95. Wow. Sizing- Small:12", Medium:16", Large: 18". I stole a piece of course and I loved the crust!!  Soo good and not paper thin or focaccia bread thick. Very prominent garlic flavor and you could really taste all 4 cheeses they used, especially the ricotta.Lastly, we had the Warm Chocolate Cake. My Oh My. Soo good. Make sure you order this with your entrees as it's a pre-order only. It had this creamy vanilla sauce and pistachios. I thought the pistachios would be a little over powering but they used it soo lightly that it was more like little hidden notes behind their masterpiece of a lava cake. It's actually very similar in texture and taste as Fleming's chocolate cake without the saltyness. $6.50Our total bill for all four items before tip was $46. I'm not lying, I know, greaaat deal for the quality of food you get!Our server was on point, very professional without being stuffy, as well as being fast and friendly. Our drinks were also never left even half empty. Great job! I really couldn't find anything wrong with place. I will definitely be back to try more items from their massive menu!!  :)
5	The best combo of food, service, and ambiance in Las Vegas.  Everything is good here and don't miss the specialty cocktails.  Great place for a great meal with family, friends, or business associates.
5	Wow. All my years I've been eating on the strip...and here was this gem!Everything we had was good! We had the crazy fettucini, aracini and oreo tartufo. All destroyed!Portions are big so share! Make sure you have reservations because this place gets packed!
5	The food here was phenomenal! I had The Melrose which I highly recommend. The tiramisu was perfect. The wait staff couldn't have been nicer and were very attentive. Along with how great the food and the service was, the prices were comparable. I would've expected to pay more but when I got the bill, I was pleasantly surprised! The location was off the strip, which I liked as well. I would highly recommend this to anyone and I will definitely go back!
4	I had eaten there many times with the same friend and after an absence of many months the two of returned. The waitress recognized us and gave a friendly greeting. I asked for chicken erbi fini and the waitress said it was no longer on the menu, but it would be no problem. So far so good. When the chicken came it was a bit over cooked and I thought the spaghetti sauce not up to par, but it was still pretty good. It was my friend's turn to pay and he gave the waitress his credit card. She returned and apologized and said since we hadn't been there in a while she would have to see his ID. My friend was not put off by this, but I was. I would have been very annoyed if that had happened to me, especially if I was bring someone there for business and they recognized me as a returning customer and still wanted to see my ID. I left not eager to return. WHEN I MENTIONED THIS CREDIT CARD ISSUE TO MY FRIEND MUCH LATER, HE TOLD ME THAT HIS WIFE INSISTS ON WRITING ON THE BACK OF EACH OF HIS CREDIT CARDS, "PLEASE DEMAND TO SEE MY ID." So, I think what happened is that the waitress obviously didn't look at the back of his credit card, the cashier did and just told the waitress w/o explanation to check that customer's ID. This goes to show how it can be tough to please in a service industry such as a restaurant.
5	Bleu Cheese Stuffed Olive Dirty Martini.  Arancini.  Crazy Alfredo.  This place is one of my all time favorites.  I always make time to visit when I'm in Vegas.  Great service.
5	Great food , great atmosphere , service was also very professional .... Bartender Rudy  did a great job mixing cocktails n interacting with guest....Arancine was tasty , farro salad needs a lil bite more to work on it , linguini with clams good .. I will totally coming back to try something different ..!!
5	I LOVE NORAS!!! This is super yummy pizza and I love their antipasto salads. They have been one of my top pizza places for over two decades! Every time I go, it's hard to find a place to sit, so I usually take my pizza and salad to go. By the way, I very rarely crave salads--that's how good it is.
4	Great Italian food!!!This might be our Italian Go To from now on!Nora's looks like an Italian restaurant out of the movies... looks a lil Godfather-ish on the 'right hand' side complete with a bar and live music...We were seated on the 'left hand' side - still very good - Appears that this side is suitable for large groups...Onto the food... Wow!We were on family night... this is how it went down:First we noshed on the (free - 1st round is free) Garlic Bread... I loved that they sliced the bread very thinly - it did not fill me up... it is all in the slicing of the bread that made all the difference to me & my guys... We also had the Calamari as our appetizer (Yummy - full squid and all!)Mom (Me): Gnocchi w Vodka Sauce w a glass of Annabella Cab Sav ;-)Geo: Pasta Alla NoraLu: Baked RigatoniEverything was very tasty & true to Italian Cuisine.I rarely every give 5 stars... this would apply especially because of the area that the restaurant is in... not the nicest... However, Nora's makes up for it!Since, I love to review I am sharing this - even though I do not want All of Vegas there taking up my space... lolIt was quite busy, however, there was still room for more... It was a Tuesday... I would say that if you are going any other day, like say the weekend, call and make a reservation & give them at least an hour or more notice...Salute! Cin Cin!your constant companion,~deirdra
5	Everything about this place is amazing. The food, drinks, and staff are the best. By far the best Italian food I've had in Vegas, reminds me of being back home in NY. I can't wait to go back.
2	Nora's was a favorite of my husband and I for years, however, on the recent visit here, the service was horrible . Our waitress was rude and inattentive. On top of the bad service, the food was greasy and not as flavorful. Would not go back!
5	The crazy Alfredo is really bomb!! If u really like garlic the garlic bread is pretty tasty too.
5	Stayed at palms place nora"s is just down the street and is also well worth the cab ride from any where on the strip if you are looking for great Italian food. The veal was the best and the crazy alfredo is great This place is not on the edge of fantastic it is fantastic The drinks by rudy are made great ,he and all the staff are great .Stayed in vegas 8 nights was the best meal we had and 30% less money than all the others meals .
5	ALRIGHT NOW, this was just super good food.  We got sat towards the back where the server station was, but wasnt going to let that annoy me.Bernadat was our server (thats how it was spelled on the receipt, so sorry if it was spelled wrong), and she was super amazing and a doll.  She was super attentive.We started with the Noras salad (nothing special), but it was good.  He got the baked chicken parmigiana and I got the chicken alfredo.  He really enjoyed his chickem parmigiana, and the best part it was fried.  It was pan seared in a pan and the sauce and cheese got put on after.  Just different and super delicious.  The alfredo was delicious, but I didnt care for the chicken so much in it.  I did order a side of meatballs, (this was just ok, I wouldnt order it again)We also ordered some drinks that the servers had made up, its in the cocktail menu on the first page.  He ordered the toasted coconut which was AMAZING and I ordered the pilgrims passion, it was super good as well.  We ended the meal with a tiramisu, which was ok.Other then that, service was great.  Everyone knew where to be and when to be. The 2 hostess seemed a little lost, but that didnt ruin anything.  I would like to sit on the east side of the restaurant next time we come.  It seemed a little more quiet and intimate.
4	This is a really good place for Italian. I bookmarked this based on reviews and bit does it live up to it. From the outside it looks small but when you get inside it's 3 rooms full of tables. There's a full bar so that helps if there's a wait.  I had the linguini with meat sauce and meatballs. It was pretty good. It's not the best I've had but it was definitely up there. My girl had the tortellini in Alfredo sauce. Now this. This is the one. There Alfredo sauce is booommbbbbbb. I actually opted to take my linguini home and help her finish hers. We had garlic bread complimentary with the meal. It was good garlic bread. Also had mozarella sticks....they were only aight tho. Service is great. Portions are good. Prices are fair and the food is bomb.
5	Nora's has been my favorite italian restaurants for years! You really can't go wrong here, it is italian comfort food for me. The sauces are all so delicious, I never even liked Alfredo sauce until i tried it here. The calamari is some of the best i have ever had, and all the specialty pasta dishes and pizzas are great. The service is always great and the staff is so friendly. They have a great drink menu with many wine and craft cocktail choices. The deserts are to die for! my favorite are the cheese cake and the cannoli. Also the lunch menu is awesome and everything here is really affordable and amazing.
5	We went there with no reservation on my moms birthday, which I found out its reservation only. But they set a table for us and  accommodated our party. Staff was excellent but the food was even better. We have been here 3 times since.
5	If your looking for flavorful Italian food, Nora's is the spot! My cousins were visiting from California and happened to be craving delicious Italian food. I recommended Nora's and couldn't be more proud I took them here. They absolutely loved it. Customer service was great. There was a wait but it went by so fast! On Fridays and Saturdays they have a live band playing music which I find ideal! Oh and their red Sangria is REAL sangria. Tastes strong but delicious especially if your trying to feel good =)
4	Don't be fooled by the strip mall pizzeria "look" to this place. I'll admit..when I walked inside...I still sensed "spaghetti joint"..leave your preconceptions in the parking lot! Its not fancy inside..but this spot serves up some terrific cocktails..excellent food and very professional service. waiters seem to work in teams...and they are very friendly and efficient. had a cocktail called a  cable car--capt. morgan mixed with  orange curacao. absolutely delicious. my son had an old fashioned....wife and daughter split a nice bottle of pinot grigio. for openers we shared mozzarella sticks...very good. 2 of us had the veal parm.....the other two had the shrimp scampi. we all gave our meals very high grades. Best part of the meal are the prices....incredibly reasonable. we all split some decadent dessert. Ok..so its not romantic or intimate...but if fantastic Italian food is your goal....you have found yourself a gem in the desert! Mangia!
5	We came to find Nora's Cuisine through Yelp and the excellent reviews.  While the strip shopping center location is so-so, you forget about it once you're inside.  This place reminds you of your favorite local spot - a great diversion from the strip.  It's well decorated and the right side of the restaurant has an impressive bar and even live music.   Service was very efficient.  Everything was great, from ordering, getting our food, checking on us to having left overs boxed up.  The food is wonderful.  During two separate visits, we've tried the Veal Chop Parmesan, Shrimp Scampi, Rigatoni Gorgonzola with Chicken and Baked Rigatoni - all portions were large and every dish was outstanding. The only small nit was that while the Shrimp were tasty and perfectly cooked, the sauce seemed to be missing something.  We will definitely return the next time we visit Las Vegas.
5	Always good !  Tried the pizza for the first time - excellent!!!  The only problem was no room for all of my angel hair and vodka sauce. It is packed every evening so make a reservation or be ready to wait.
5	Love the atmosphere. The chicken alfredo is by far the greatest in town! AMAZING!
4	Yelp had great buy 1 get 1 Sangria deal which was great for girls night. Loved calamari, caprese salad, and basil penne pasta. Good price great food!
4	Storefront location hides a very good place for Italian. I waited short time for a table and was asked to be patient, my server had to catch up. I thought, here we go, crap service, but he dropped 4 checks in quick order. At his suggestion I ordered the calamari ap and rigatoni special for entree. Calamari was crispy and good, the sauce better than average. This sauce is what keeps this from being a five star review. The rigatoni was fantastic! Pasta was perfect, sauce great, and meat perfect. Add excellent service and Nora's will be seeing me often when I get to Vegas.
2	The food I tasted here was low quality and did not taste freshly made. After sitting down, the garlic bread was brought out right away. I spit out the first bite because the bread tasted days old and was soggy. I asked the bus boy how the bread was made and he said Nora puts the spread on in the morning and then they bake it. If any type of spread is sitting on bread for hours it will still have that soggy consistency no matter what you do to it. He said he would bring us another batch and it would be crispier. It was crispier, however, it still tasted old and even though there was plenty of seasoning it had minimal flavor. I ordered the alla Nora and my friend ordered the fettuccine Alfredo with chicken. My pasta was baked in an oven and came out piping hot. They need to cool this pasta before they bring it out to customers because it's impossible to eat for at least 10 minutes. The first bite I had was awful. The eggplant was soggy and the tomato sauce tasted like it had come from a can. The tomato sauce reminded me of the one time in my childhood when I tried a friends spaghettios. My friends pasta was better than mine and for an Alfredo the sauce was lighter than I had expected. The chicken was okay but it would have been better if it was grilled and the pasta was mostly clumped together. I called over the manager to tell him I could not eat my pasta and about the other issues I was having. He apologized and expressed his embarrassment for the situation at hand. He ended up comping our meal and sending us home with a free dessert which was a nice touch. Nora's just needs a complete face lift and some level of sophistication.
2	Unfortunately I've had much better Italian food and service at other restaurants. My friend from out of town and I were both craving Italian food for her last dinner here! We stumbled on Nora's from Yelp and decided to give it a go. Like I said, I've had better service but it wasn't the worst. I will say the restaurant staff did keep up with refilling our waters, which was awesome! One of my pet peeves is when servers are not on top of water refills..I drink a lot of water while I eat. So onto the food...hmm. Well the garlic bread was good. Hot and crispy! The first basket is free which is nice. Maybe I'm just stingy, but I was just a tiny bit annoyed to pay $2.50 more for another basket of bread. We decided on mozzarella sticks for an appetizer. They were hot and tasted like any other plate of mozzarella sticks. Tasty but nothing special about them. My main dish was the most disappointing :( I was stuck between trying their Alfredo sauce or their pesto! I asked our waitress which one she preferred, and she just suggested I do a creamy pesto sauce to have a little of both! I thought...oooh perfect! When it came out it smelled amazing and looked like it was going to be a great dish. I took the first bite, it was okay..then I took another and was I a little confused if I liked it or not. As I kept eating all I could taste was pesto and maybe a tiny bit of cream sauce. And the pesto sauce just did not WOW my taste buds what-so-ever. I honestly took at most 10 bites and was over it..I was hoping for a wonderful Italian dinner here, and didn't find it. Instead of trying another dish, I will just try another restaurant. Sorry Nora's!
4	I came here with my girlfriend on a date and we ordered the veal scallopini, Alfredo with chicken, garlic bread, 2 sangria's, and the tirimisu. We decided to take advantage of their buy one get one free sangria offer, which their sangria was really generous in amount and pretty strong. Their Alfredo was not bad too, the veal had a pepper white wine sauce that was pretty good. Im not a fan of places that make wine reduction sauces that you cant taste any wine in, but theirs was distinctive and good. The veal was soft, and it came with an extra spaghetti plate. The first garlic bread you order is free, and nothing tastes better than free food! The bread was soft and they use real ground garlic on it, unlike some cheapie places. We also preordered the chocolate cake because it takes 25 min to prepare, but our waiter forgot to put it in, and gave us the tirimisu for free which was really nice. It was really moist and had a lot of rum it.The ambiance is finer-ish dining and had live music very resemblant of smooth Frank Sinatra. Parking was a little packed but still not impossible. Overall it was pretty good, i wouldnt mind returning again.
4	Giovanni and Marcello make the restaurant completely authentic.  One of them can sing opera! Some of the best Italian food in Las Vegas (Cafe Parma is great, too).  Ordering any pasta dish will be a winner and don't forget the Grappa (strong after dinner drink) to complete the meal!
4	Great evening at Nora's.  Don't forget to make a reservation...like us.  Quick service at the bar and we were able to grab a quick bite.  Service was amazing!  Started with the Caprese salad.  Mozzarella was fresh and great flavor.  Split the Crazy Alfredo and it was wonderful too.  Perfect portion for two.  Special attention from the owner put the exclamation mark on the evening.  We will definitely be back anytime we're in Vegas.
4	Took my wife here for a nice date and couldn't have been more pleased! The atmosphere was great, food was great, and the price wasn't bad. If you like italian food and a cozy landscape, this is the place :)
4	Love this place. One of my favorites in town. Service is always wonderful and baked ziti is amazing everytime! It can definitely get crowded and that's a good thing!
5	Great service and food!  Love it for date night!
5	Great Italian food! The 2-for-1 sangria was great just for checking in on Yelp, but the tortellinis in vodka sauce were the highlight of my experience. Delicious!I'll definitely be back next time I'm near the Strip.
5	Wonderful food, service and atmosphere! If you love Italian food this is a must do. Very busy but they accept reservations. Great for a romantic dinner or an evening out with friends. We will visit again and again!
3	Was in vegas (woohoo) and went here for dinner with my bffs fam. With a reservation it was about an hour wait... :/ but we were finally able to sit down and eat! I ordered the chicken fettuccine alfredo. It was good. no complaints I just enjoy the sauce to be a little thicker. It also needed salt, which I added and it tasted good.
3	Took my parents here while they were in town based on friends reviews of the place.  Service is always a main concern for me and I definitely felt Nora's exceeded in this area.  I believe our servers name was Bryce and he was helpful the whole time.  Calamari appetizer was great.  I ordered the crazy Alfredo and wasn't overly impressed, but it wasn't bad by any means.  I'd order something else next time probably.  My parents ordered the carbonara and a penne dish and both loved them.  I personally didn't like the sangria...something tasted really off to me but again my parents both enjoyed it.  I had the Oreo dessert and they got the pistachio cannoli...both tasted  excellent but my parents found a piece of plastic in the last few bites of their cannoli.  The server ended up taking it off the menu for us.  Kind of a subpar experience overall in my opinion.  I want to like this place and would probably give it one more shot.  Everything would need to go right from the service to the food the next time though for me to make Nora's a repeat place for me.
5	Best Authentic Italian in Vegas!Heard about it from friends and on Food Network.Great atmosphere & super attentive and friendly wait staff.Their lasagna & scampi are out of this world & on occasion they have different chefs specials from time to time. Have been 10 plus times now & looking forward to many more.
4	Really 4 1/2 stars. Complimentary garlic bread. Amazing. Very garlicky (I love garlic). The pizzas are huge but great for leftovers. Antipasto salad with house Italian dressing was very good. I tasted my friend's pasta Carbonara which was quite good if a little salty. Very nice atmosphere & decor. You forget that you are in a strip mall as soon as you step in the door. Very professional yet friendly staff. I will definitely return next time I'm in Vegas
5	This is by far my favorite Italian restaurant in town. I love that they are family owned. The service is always exceptional and their prices are very reasonable. Their baked rigatoni and white spinach pizza are the best I've ever had, anywhere. I've eaten at many of the overpriced Italian places on the Strip and none even come close.
4	Nora's Cuisine  reminds me of the cute, little restaurants that line Piazza Navona or Campo de Fiori in Rome. They have plenty of outdoor seating (though unfortunately, they're missing an ancient fountain and the little fountains that spew out drinking water), delicious and authentic pizzas, and AMAZING desserts. Legato, pastries, cookies, and cakes - they're all delicious. The espresso is good, too (and required to prevent food coma when you get back to the office from your lunch break). I practiced my  Nora's Cuisine food ordering skills here before heading to Italy. Gianina (chocolate hazelnut combo) was the most important word I learned.
5	My buddy and I returned from hiking in the Great Basin National Park and we both were craving eggplant parmesan.  Checked here on Yelp and found many good reviews for Nora's.  I will now add my own glowing review.  Food came piping hot and delicious.  Both of us agreed on how good it was.  The cannolis were also great and huge.  It would have been perfect if the place had cheaper in-house wine by the carafe.  Al in all, the culinary highlight of our trip.
5	Some of the best Italian food I've had in a while! Husband and I decided to try it out for my birthday on Saturday and definitely weren't disappointed. The wait wasn't very long and we enjoyed 2-for-1 sangria (check in on yelp!) at the bar while they got a table ready for us. Everything we ordered came out quickly and was hot and delicious! We will definitely be back!
5	Always great, everyone I take compliments the foodFrom dinner to the great lunch specials you can't go wrong
5	When in Vegas, I expect over-priced meals that are trying a little too hard to be memorable. Until this last trip, when the hubs and I needed to get away from the madness of the strip and stumbled across Nora's. Best. Decision. Ever. Loved the food--- but only for lovers of garlic and if EVERYONE participates! The meat sauce was literally the best I've ever had. And the fact that it's family owned and run? Bellisima!!! Brava!!!
5	I have been here many times. Always consider it as treating myself when ever I come here.  Have no complaints.  Sometimes I come back the very next day.  Don't bother ordering the steak.  Isn't worth it.  But everything else is amazing.
3	Barely contained chaos would describe the atmosphere at this very loud restaurant which we recently visited on a Saturday night.  Understaffed, crowded and noisy would be another description. The saving grace would be the food which is pretty good.....for Las Vegas....but would be mediocre at best when compared to what you you might find in NY or San Francisco.We started our meal with complimentary garlic bread -- way too much garlic -- and kind of soggy.  We then tried the Caprese Salad which had very good mozzarella but very pedestrian grocery store tomatoes. We also tried the lemon clams which were in a tasty lemon butter sauce, but about a quarter of the clam shells were broken and to be safe, I did not eat the contents of these particular clams. The kitchen should remove such broken shell clams before serving. For entrees we tried the Chicken Carciofi, a pretty good dish full of chicken, artichokes and capers on linguine. We also had the Puttanesca which was tasty although full of green olives instead of black olives which I have found to be milder and better suited for this dish. The portions were enormous, a negative in my book. Service was spotty as it seemed our waiter was a bit overwhelmed covering two tables plus a birthday party table with 14 guests.  The appetizers came out very quickly though, but we were put off when the entrees arrived when we were only halfway through our appetizers and when we were finished with our appetizers, the appetizer plates were not removed from the table. The wine list is pretty good. Zagats rates this as the third best Italian restaurant in Las Vegas which may be correct but only serves to prove that Las Vegas is indeed in a barren Italian culinary landscape.
5	Brought my son and bro for first time. As usual, best Italian food around! Only complaint , we shared dishes. Crazy Alfredo had two shrimp and there was 3 of us! Other than that Bomb.com!
4	My friend and I came here after numerous people told us how great it was. They were packed so we decided to sit at the bar. The bartenders were super nice and welcoming. Rudy described to us a couple of his signature cocktails and we decided on the lemon thyme cocktail and a mango lemon gin cocktail. Next Rudy helped us pick our entree's and told us about a chicken piccata that wasn't even on the menu! So I got the chicken piccata and my friend got the chicken carciofi. Both dishes were amazing. We asked Ryan about the desserts they hand and he informed us that the cheesecake is made locally and was amazing, so we ordered that and he did not lie! I asked for some extra strawberry sauce and instead Rudy hand cut fresh strawberries for us! Over all Rudy and Ryan made the visit amazing! The food, the cocktails and dessert was beyond exceptional. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone!
4	Great restaurant!We came about 5:30 on a Friday and was asked if we had a reservation, but we didn't.  They still sat us down, but asked if we could finish our meal by 6:30 for the next reservation. We agreed as long as they could have the food done fast too. They said no problem.  And they did. I ordered the Caprese Salad for an appetizer and of course filled up, so I didn't have much room for my main meal. I got the Crazy Alfredo following the advise of my fellow Yelpers.  It was Yum!!!  No room for dessert, but still finished my beer. I would come back again.
5	Exceptional evening at this unassuming spot way off the strip.  In the private room our group  enjoyed the white pizza, Caesar salad, veal Marsala, carbonara, chicken parm and cannelloni.  Service was spot one..not too intrusive, well timed and friendly without being obsequious.  Traditional Italian dine extremely well.
5	To start off we ordered the arancini and the pomordoro bruschetta and it was absolutely amazing the bruschetta was deliciously seasoned, nice and fresh, on a lightly toasted but soft Italian bread, highly recommend it! The arancini was absolutely to die for! Down to the basil it was served with, bellissimo! That alone got my five stars! Lol then we went on and order the baked rigatoni and the spinach and farro salad, OMG THE RICOTTA , on top of the rigatoni was the best! So creamy and fulfilling. the salad a nice balance of bitter salty and acidic favors . I was disappointed only at the fact I got so full cause I really wanted to try their canolis lol delish delish delish is all I can say!
5	Had a great time! ! Food was sooo delicious! ..Party of 7 and everyone ordered something different, all dishes were excellent.  Service is great too, waiters are patient and attentive.  Highly recommended for something off the strip
4	Finally.  After a good 6 years of knowing about this place, really ever since dining at the old/extinct location on Rampart/Charleston like 20 times, it was about time I came to the original.As I understand, they've expanded onto the original.  What used to be a pizza kitchen with 3 tables, went left, and went right, and now has 3 distinct rooms with 3 distinct different feels.  When reserving a table, make sure you specify.  The family room (quiet and better for families), the casual (still 3 tables, attached to the kitchen), and the ritzy (connected to the bar, very nice, and hip).  PS.  One little TV in the bar doesn't quite cut it.(1)  One free Sangria with Yelp check-in with 1 purchased.  A $7.50 value, giddy up.  Could be more fruity and less sharp.  (4.0 stars)(2)  Pasta alla Nora ($12.50) -- It has everything I wanted.  Pesto, meat sauce, eggplant, and pasta.  I added a meatball for $1.50, and it exactly fixed the spot.  Huge portion.  (4.0 stars)(3)  The Melrose with Shrimp ($17.50) -- a creamy pesto sauce with sun-dried tomatoes, pine nuts, and medium-size shrimp.  A little heavy-handed with the sauce, but better than not enough.  (4.5 stars) The service was nice, but wavered between unavailable and forgetful.  Overall, this place just makes me happy.  It would totally be my everyday place if I was local.  For out-of-towners, if you are looking for an easy-peasy spot away from the strip, this is your place.
5	I've been here a few times over the past 3 years and it's been consistently good! The wait staff is knowledeable about the menu and very happy to accommodate any special requests.  For Appetizers I've had the Calamari which was deliciously seasoned and served with a tasty blush type of tartar sauce however I asked for a side of marinara that was gladly and promptly brought to me.  The Arancini were tasty and nicely seasoned. Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside with a good amount peas, meat sauce and mozzarella on the inside. The presentation was beautiful with basil leaves on top and served over some marinara (which was way too skimpy of an amount but they'll gladly give you more!)My friend and I had the Eggplant Parmigiana and Veal Parmigiana both of which were delicious. The eggplant was breaded and fried lightly with just enough marinara and melted mozzarella on each slice. The veal was tender and well seasoned as well.  They've also got a nice wine list with  reasonable prices. I also like the way they redecorated the dining room with multicolored ceiling tile and the Trinacria. This place is always busy so I'd suggest a reservation especially if you have a larger party.
5	so good we went 2x. Highly recommend it if you're in Vegas for a great italian meal at reaonable prices
5	This place is sooooooo good!! Had the mussels for an appetizer. We dipped the complimentary garlic bread in the delicious broth the mussels were sitting in and boy was it a party in my mouth!! Entrees we had the linguini with clams and the alla Nora and both were phenomenal!!!  Dessert we had the Oreo tartufo. Chocolate heaven! Ambience was very authentic Italian and so was the food. Bernadette was our server and she was such a sweetheart!! Will request her when we come back. My only thing to say negatively is that it was freezing in there!! Literally like an ice box. I even had 2 glasses of red wine and was still cold!! We did ask Bernadette if there was something they could do about the temp and a few minutes later we saw a gentleman mess around with the thermostat. It did help but not much. No biggie though. Next time I'll just bring a jacket. Problem solved! Thanks again Bernadette and to all who helped make this a great dining experience!!
4	The cheesecake was one of the best I have ever had if not the best xD.  Their prices aren't too high and the service is spot on.
2	We recently visited Nora's with our friends. The experience and food was average. The hostess had a cold attitude. No smile,  didn't feel welcomed. They made us sit down and did not even lay the napkins and cutlery . We had to request for it once appetizers arrived. Main course was served all cold,  meat had no flavour . The worst part is that their service and food does not explain me why this restaurant menu items are priced on the higher side. To top it all they do not serve fresh grated parmesan once the meal is on the table.  Bummer! We were given stale geated parmesan cheese in a glass jar.
4	I think the thing I love most about Nora's is that it is a little bit casual and a little bit dressy, oh and the food! The tables are covered in white linens and butcher paper which gives it a formal feel without the pretentiousness and cost. Whenever my parents are in town we head straight to Nora's to appease my Italian loving dad.The Italian food is hearty and delicious. Every table starts with a basket of crunchy garlic bread. The pieces are covered in garlic and a good size, so you won't feel so guilty about eating 10 of them. You want to order an appetizer, either the mozzarella caprese or an antipasto, trust me they are both seasoned perfectly and hit the spot. My current favorite pasta is the Rigatoni Special, I mean it has meatballs AND sausage, you can't go wrong! I will say that I have had the lasagna and I'm not such a fan. It wasn't really special and I'm pretty sure mine is better. My husband always gets the Pork Tenderloin alla Siciliana. The pork is melt in your mouth tender and the side of potatoes really puts it over the top. My dad is a sucker for their giant bone in Rib-eye, seriously it's giant so bring your appetite. The pizza is just as good as the pasta, but I always end up ordering pasta. Oh and be sure to pre-order the chocolate cake, you want the chocolate cake! It's so melt-ey and molten-ey and lava-ey, all the -ey!Nora's is really the best bang for your buck when it comes to Italian food in Las Vegas. The prices are good, the ambiance is great, and the food is fantastic!
3	Food was good (Baked rigatoni, cheesy yum. Soggy garlic bread, eh). Our server was on top of things and very attentive. The only thing that rubbed me the wrong way was was the hostess. When I told her we didn't have a reservation she kind of got an attitude. Granted we arrived at 6 pm on a Friday night, but still... The place was EMPTY when we walked in. She told us since we had no reservation we could sit at a tiny table next to the pizza oven area or a hightop table next to a stage. We opted for the stage table and luckily, no band played while we were there. Even though they got busier while we were there, there were still plenty of tables, and no need to be treated like we couldn't be served due to no reservation. After my husband talked me into not walking out, we enjoyed a nice meal and a really nice server. While nothing completely blew me away, (Let's face it, Vegas is not known for its Italian food) the food, price, and our server were good enough that I might go back again. AND, I'll even be sure to make a reservation.
5	A hidden gem in Las Vegas. I would give a 10.Food, service excellent.
4	I've been on a pasta kick lately. As simple as it is to make, I don't keep it around the house because I'd eat it all the time and weigh as much as a refrigerator.But Nora's is a great place to dine in or grab takeout when the urge hits.The spaghetti alla Nora is divine: spaghetti with meat sauce AND PESTO, plus eggplant. So delicious, but add on a meatball for some extra protein for a cheap $1.50 if you're particularly carnivorous. The pesto is the besto though, maybe just ask for a tiny bit extra because the dish can be a little dry.The garlic bread here is the stuff vampires have nightmares about- there's THAT much garlic loaded onto it. If your date can't take you to Nora's for garlic bread, he doesn't deserve to take you anywhere else. Save the kissing for later.
3	Good place to get good food, I got the crazy Alfredo and it certainly was a good helping of it.  The bread was also really good, I'd have come again to try other items so I could give a more detailed review but from what I tried the food was good, service was great.
5	Went tonight based on a recommendation and we were pleasantly surprised! Delicious. Everything we ordered was very tasty and you get significant portions. Garlic bread is awesome. The antipasti salad was great. The crazy fettuccini and chicken marsala were on point. Great service and family owned. This will be our go-to Italian spot from now on!
5	This is a great restaurant. We had an anti pasta salad, calamari, and four different entrees. All expertly prepared. Great service.
5	First time dining with Nora's. Boyfriend made a reservation for 2 at 8pm. We arrive and place was packed! But we experienced no problem with our reservation and was sat to our table right away.Items we ordered were:-Sangria was good but not memorable. (Awesome that you get a free sangria with yelp check in).-Complimentary garlic bread was soooooo goooood!! Hot fresh crispy yet soft bread lightly buttered and seasoned with fresh bits of garlic. Very addicting.-Caesar salad was good but I've had better. Greens were bright green and crisp. Fresh baked homemade croutons as well as pieces of garlic bread. Dressing wasn't too heavy on salad. Just tossed perfect.-Calamari was okay to me but the sauce it was accompanied with was good. -Cheese ravioli with vodka sauce. Generous portioned Raviolis were nice and fluffy. Tender when cut. Vodka sauce was full of flavor.-meatballs were an option to add to your pasta dish or as a side. They were delicious and tender as well. -Oreo Tartufo as dessert. It was pretty much an Oreo ice cream chocolate truffle ball. Was a little hard to cut into as first. Might want to wait till it melts a bit more. It was alright, nothing spectacular.As far as service goes, it was excellent!! Our server had a smile on his face from start to finish of service and was very friendly. All staff seemed friendly, even a couple of the chefs gave us a warm smile on the way out. A place with smiling faces and warm welcomes as well as great food is a "go to" in my book! Will be back soon to try other items!
4	Once in awhile, I have a craving for Italian food.. and when I do, it has to be GOOD Italian food.. so I come here! Nora's is a cute little restaurant in a plaza that is just Bleh.. but once you walk in the doors, the smell and the bustling waiters invite you in to their little world. There's always a busy bar with patrons eating and drinking on there, as well as 2 little rooms that are always full of people happily enjoying their food. I've ordered a couple of different things here but my all time favorite as to be the clam linguine. I have asked the chef to make a "pink sauce" each time, which is a combination of white and red sauce, and it's delectable. The flavor is great and the chef is not cheap with his clams! There's a ton in his dish and it's worth every penny. The breadsticks here are also very very good. It's made with real garlic and really hits the spot. The first basket is on the house! But I always order another basket :)The white sangria here is also a good choice. A few sips of that always makes my night fun. I will keep coming back. See you there!
4	Love this place!!  Great food ,friendly staff and pleasant atmosphere.  The Osso Bucco is so.e of the best I have had, and the pasta dishes are always perfectly prepared!!
5	Best Italian food in town off the strip. Feels like home!! The staff is friendly and the food never disappoints. Sometimes they have a whole baked fish called Branzino that is to die for!
5	I can't speak highly enough about this restaurant. I've been here a handful of times and thoroughly enjoy myself every time. The food is amazing, the service is perfectly acceptable (especially considering they're usually packed!) and they have an excellent selection of food and drinks.My favorite entree is the Frutti de Mare, but you honestly can't go wrong with menu selection. The Osso Bucco is phenomenal as well, although they only have it during the winter. For drinks, the cappuccino martini is wonderful, as is the sangria. I love Nora's, it's absolutely a favorite.
5	I have been going to Nora's since I was a child and I have always loved it. They never change. (which is great) We try to sneak in for lunch at least once a month when we are in town. They are always very busy so be patient. Perfection takes time. The staff is always freindly.
5	I have been coming here since it opened.  I love the food here well the pasta.  The pizza is not really my thing here because the crust gets soggy.  But the pasta is amazing.  The antipasta salad is amazing I cant eat certain types of meat that are in it but I still get it anyway and just pick them out.  This place does get busy so you should make a reservation.
5	We have never been disappointed here and always make it a point to order the crazy Alfredo as one of our entrees. The osso buco is fab. Won't find better Italian food anywhere. A little noisy and a little away from the strip but worth it.
5	You know when you go to a city and you want to know the secret spots only the locals know? Nora's Cuisine is that secret place!Forget the super fancy Italian restaurants at the strip that charge you so much that you might as well sell your blood to afford your next meal. Here at Nora's, the food tastes a hundred times more expensive than its price, the service is topnotch and friendly, the atmosphere is great, the bar is cozy and nice, and the occasional live music on its small stage is pleasing to the ears. What are you waiting for? Call Nora's now and reserve a table for tonight.
4	We love the food.  Great atmosphere.  Good selection of Grapa.  Staff is very friendly.  A little on the pricey side
2	We went on a Sunday night.  The restaurant has two rooms to seat people.  In our room were two other tables.  We ordered our meals.  We got garlic bread, which was great.  While we were waiting for dinner it took the waiter a long time to refill our waters.  He was walking around and passed by our table a few times without checking on us.  Once we got our meals, which took a bit of time because of the large party in the other room, the food was great.  I ordered a cup of coffee, $2.00+, with desert.  We were very polite and understanding during the long waits.  I drank my coffee and waited for a refill and he would just walk by.  He came by once and I asked if I could get a refill and he was a little put out by my asking.  The real slap in the face came when the manager came by and I voiced my disappointment with out service with her.  I was polite and said I had heard such good things about the restaurant I was surprised at the service.  Her only action was to "give" us a calendar of their recipes.  Which I had seen her give out to everyone who came through the door.  The food was great however I won't be going back again.  There are many other places to spend my money for real local food.
2	My wife called Nora's to inquire about the wait.Lord and behold there is no wait. We literally arrived two minutes later and are told by the hostess there is a 25 minute wait. Sorry Nora's I have to subtract a star.After being seated we waited 10 minutes for the server to take our drink order. Sorry Nora's I have to subtract another star.The food was decent but nothing to brag about.  However, the server never bothered no refill our drinks. Again I have to subtract a star.Go to Nora's for mediocre food and horrible service!
3	The only reason this is a three-star review is because service was sooooooooo slow. We had a party of 8 and it took almost an hour from the time we ordered until we got our food. The food was very good and the Sangria (both red and white) was delicious, but it just took too long to get our food. I had a pizza and was very happy. The sauce was good, the veggies were all fresh tasting and well cooked and the crust was crispy on the outside and chewy inside. I would definitely recommend Nora's to friends if they don't mind a bit of a wait.
2	We went to Nora's on Friday because of all the wonderful reviews.We had a reservation, but when we got there they made us wait until "they fixed the table".  After about 10 minutes we were led to a table.  We saw there were 5 other tables in the section already set and empty.  Our table we were led to didn't have all the silverware, where the others did.  After being seated, we saw a group of three arrive, with an elderly woman who was using a walker.  They were made to sit in the lobby for about a half hour, until the people at the table next to us left, and that table was cleaned off.  That was with the 5 tables still empty.We ordered, and I ordered the "Crazy Alfredo".  It was described to be loaded with jumbo shrimp, chicken and sausage.  It showed up with two shrimp, two pieces of chicken, and some sausage.  It had a tasteless alfredo sauce on it, that was just warm starch.My wife had Chicken Marsala, which I tried a bite of, and found it to be much too sweet.Our waitress came by to take our order, and that was the last we saw of her.  Someone else brought out the garlic bread, (which was just ok), and the meals.  She did come to bring us the check and we decided to pay in cash rather than wait for the seasons to pass, and her to return to pick up and deliver a credit card.
4	Amazing food, great staff! LOVED this place! We wanted to eat good Italian food off the strip and we found it with Nora's! Located in a strip mall (take a cab if from out of town), the setting is not fancy (yet nice) and we felt as if we were taken care of by the best. My husband had the Carbonara and said he hadn't tasted one that good since being in Italy! The pizza was excellent and there are a variety of choices. We noticed that this place was frequented by local returnees, always a good sign (especially since many were obviously local Italians!).  Will definitely return.
4	The atmosphere is cozy, got here around 5:45pm and were seated immediately. Christmas theme but not over the top, very classy. Food was amazing, starting with the garlic bread. Yum! I had the "Crazy Alfredo" and it was delicious. She got the vegetarian white sauce pizza and really liked it. Coffee was good, they gave us cups to go. The server was really busy but they had back up people so we were rarely waiting for more than a minute or two. The only reason I don't give 5 stars is because the parking is horrible. They share a lot with several places and we had to drives round the lot a few times to find a spot.
4	Food is delicious and fresh! Cozy environment, hidden treasure. Nora's is by far a favorite-a must try!
4	Finally made it here with the boyfriend. He ordered the Crazy Alfredo and i had the Melrose with chicken.  They give a basket of really good garlic bread..i loved it because i like garlic but for those of you who dont..beware it has a lot of garlic chunks.  The pastas were good. Not bad...but pricey considering pasta cost nothing to make at home...which i did this week.  I was able recreate the Melrose add chicken and shrimp and made it better.  Overall...it was good. The Oreo Tartufa was ridiculous.  Id go back just for that!!!
4	We ate here last night.  If you get there before 5 your seated right away, after 5 reservations are a must or you will wait a while. The prices are extremely reasonable and the food is excellent.  The service I felt was rushed but there were a lot of people waiting to get seated.  We will definitely be back.
3	Linguine and clams for me. The pasta was a little bit past al dente and on it's way to overcooked, and the clams too, I don't know, noticeable? Does that even make sense? "Noticeable" as in a little too much of a flavor, which makes you wonder how fresh it is... Also, I'm not used to parmesan cheese on my L&C. Pasta with arrabbiata sauce for him. "Very bland," he says. He also kept reaching for the crushed red pepper, which should be unnecessary with an arrabbiata sauce.It had been years since I've been to Nora's. I used to have such fond memories, but so far, nothing can top Parma as #1.
1	So two lesbians walk in an Italian restaurant right? Lol...The hostess looks at us and says "Yes, can j help you?" No smile, just attitude. 20-30 minute wait for a table so we opt for the bar. Bartender wasn't very attentive - asked us what we wanted to drink but didn't even give us a menu. We order a glass of wine which took ten minutes. Mind you we're at the bar and everyone else was already taken care of. The bartender comes finally and says she "spaced out." We finally order food and it takes half an hour, meanwhile the two other couples that say at the bar 15 mins after us already got their dishes. We only ordered a bowl of spaghetti - nothing too extravagant. The food finally arrives; there's hardly any sauce, the meat is burnt, and the noodles are stale. Long story short - the service was terrible and the simplest dish was horrible. We paid for the $8 glass of wine and went to Olive Garden.
3	Ordered take away Spaghetti & meatballs and extra serve of garlic bread - said it would be 45m (at 8.30p), so I thought I would give it a go due to the great reviews. Kids were sleepy so I went in 15m later to see if it would happen to be early and luckily it was ready for pick up - 30m more and it would've been cold.  Got home and found a small box of pasta with two meatballs.  Luckily I ordered extra garlic bread (1st one free) because I would've still been hungry!Pasta and sauce were average - meatballs were tasty and garlic bread was too garlicky...the kind that leaves your breath humming for a day hahaha and I am a garlic lover!!Sad to say I probably won't be back, but had to try - just too many other options.
5	It was my first time visiting this restaurant and I only have great things to say. Baked Rigatoni was exceptional. I've never had ricotta this creamy. We will be back next time we're in Vegas. YUM!
4	Nora's Cuisine has been seen as Las Vegas's best kept secret since opening in 1991. I recently was let in on that secret when I was on West Flamingo with a strong craving for Italian Food. When I walked in I noticed the decor of dark cherry and textured paint on the walls. My first condo was decorated  similar so it felt very inviting. The limited seating also made for a cozy dining experience.We were brought some complimentary garlic bread almost immediately after being seated. The aroma from the bread was intoxicating but when I bit into the bread the grease was too heavy that I felt it on the roof of my mouth. I've had better garlic bread so I just moved on to the Caesar Salad. The Romaine lettuce was crisp and lightly coated with homemade dressing.  Honestly the croutons that topped the salad were much better than the bread and the Caesar dressing was perfect. I was torn between the Chicken and Veal Parmigiana so I asked the waiter his favorite out of the two. He said he preferred the Veal. When I can't decide sometimes I ask for the waiter's advice as a tie breaker but it doesn't always go so well . I'm happy to say this time the waiter knew what he was talking about! The veal was tender inside with crispy outer breading. It was served  over a tasty marinara sauce and topped with a healthy dose of mozzarella cheese. I also tested my husband's Baked Rigatoni which was made with a meat sauce, rigatoni, ricotta and mozzarella cheeses. My impression at first bite was it was too salty. It tasted better the next day. On a sweeter note we had the Oreo Tartufo for dessert. It was a ball of cookies and cream ice cream covered with a hard chocolate shell. It was big enough to share and small enough where you wouldn't  feel sorry you ate it. It was sinfully delicious! Nora's is great place for date night or a family dinner. The portions are generous and the service is excellent!
2	I love this restaurant. The food was amazing and our server was fantastic.   So the reason for the low score is the extremely rude hostess. An older blonde hair lady. Who stood near our table clicking her pen or flicking the pen cap while very loudly speaking that she needed our table table for a six top.   We were  a party of four who ordered drinks apps entrees and desserts.  We were there for two hours.  I have worked in food service for a long time and I think this behavior is completely unacceptable.   Basically this woman ruined the night. That is the last memory I have of your restaurant.   Not sure if I will be back there are many great spots in this town that I can spend my money at.
5	I'm from New England.... which means I am an Italian cuisine SNOB. Fearing mediocre quality in the heart of Vegas we searched and searched for good Italian food. By referral, we found Nora's. Thank God (we visit often). Needless to say we have visited Nora's many (did I say MANY?) times. It is fabulous. Get a reservation and go hungry. Everything from the bread basket to the Crazy Alfredo is delish. Went with my husband and 2 friends, they all dream of, ordered and LOVED the Crazy Alfredo. We all started with Caesar's salad (great!) and I had the Cannelloni. Holy, cheesy delicious yumminess. I am a picky eater, more of a "many small meals throughout the day vs. 3 large(r) meals", I cleaned my plate, licked it clean. Prices are as crazy (good) as the alfredo! Go. Don't tell the tourists though, this is a GEM of a locals spot!!!!
1	I  have always rated nora's 5 stars, but last nightfor the first time there i ordered linguine aglio et olio (garlic and oil) well this is not at all what i was expecting, it appears they used jarred minced garlic-- gag !!!-- terrible-- one would expect to be served this at a small highway dinner or cracker barrel---not at nora's. is it that much trouble to take several cloves of garlic, slice them and roast them in olive oil for three minutes pour over the pasta ad some parsley---come on man--- it sure left me with a bad taste in my mouth for this place.sorry nora but you dropped the ball on this one !!!!
5	Simply put, the best Italian food in Vegas and perhaps the west coast.... I only review the really good or really bad.  This is really good and a fair price.... Drive off the strip a couple of miles and head west on Flamingo past The Palms.  Make reservation in the weekend. They have the traditional faire plus great specialities.
5	I had dinner with my Family at Nora's on New Years Eva and the food was outstanding!  I had the Ouso Buca and I would recommend it to everyone.Just think this place started at a one room pizza joint and is one of the best finds in Las Vegas.  Next time you are looking for great Italian food, go to Nora's...........
4	Family style Italian done right is fun to enjoy with a large group.  I got a chance to dine here with 15 other colleagues.  The food was good and we were provided very attentive service.  One of the others ordered appetizers for the table... and I think we went overboard on appetizers.  We tried the Arancini, calamari, antipasto salad, and mozz caprese.  Everything was executed nicely... but by the time dinner came I was already nearly full.The table was also scatterd with wine selections... the wine list is pricey but everything I tried was wonderful... sorry, I didn't order the wine so I'm not sure what brands were chosen.  I ordered the pork tenderloin for my meal.  It was packed with flavor and crunch.  I only ate a couple of bites, but I would completely recommend this dish for others.  And it paired nicely with the perfecly exucuted old fashions that I was enjoying.Dinner was spot on... everyone left satisfied, stuffed with full bellies and flushed with wine and booze.
4	I was looking for a quiet dinner on a recent Sunday, so the Strip was obviously not an option.  We found Nora, and it was a stroke of good fortune!  We chose to sit at the bar, and throughout our meal, our server (Travis) was attentive and pleasant, seeing to our needs while not hovering.  My guest had the linguine with clams, which would be a home run for garlic fans, as was the complimentary garlic bread.  I chose the simple angel hair with meat sauce, and I can only guess that the sauce was made with star dust and unicorns.  I've never tasted anything so wonderful!   No 5th star because the by-the-glass wine list was uninspired, but the offerings were priced very fairly.  Try Nora.  I'll be surprised if you don't look forward to a return visit!
