4	Opening night! Loved it. I tried the brussels sprouts and the grits 'n' sausage appetizers, and both were excellent.  I ate the chicken 'n' dumplings main dish, and it was perfect. the vegetables really made the dish - perfectly crisp and fresh. i finished my meal with the pecan and fig pie with "cream cheese and citrus zest" ice cream, and was blown away. the ice cream was fantastic - highlight of the meal for me.i drank a nice glass of arizona wine and a nice ($8) AZ farmhand cocktail, which was a tad bit sweet for my taste, but thoroughly enjoyable nonetheless.service was flawless, prices fair, and environment lovely. can't wait to return to give it a 5th star.
4	Arrived back from a terrific meal at Beckett's Table!  Before I wax on, I would like to say kudos to the Becketts and Stephens' on their 2nd opening night!  FOH was in fine form (from the immediate greeting at the hosts' stand; to server Cort's affable personality & eagerness to please, as well as server Travis' assistance throughout the evening; and yet another server's readiness to show me to the restroom, instead of pointing the way.  (An example of four-diamond service, and I should know, since we're given the four-diamond spiel daily where I work!)  When I inquired deeper into the Legend City cocktail's ingredients, Cort offered to have Scott Stephens, the drink's inventor and BT's co-owner, come out to greet and tell me about it himself!  As soon as I crossed the wide-open sliding-door glass panels and into the restaurant, I was in-love w/ the ambience!  It's rustic St. Francis (and a little bit of The Parlor) meets laid-back, yet mysteriously sexy Olive & Ivy.  (Think what you will about these venues' food and ambience, but I happen to love the spaces of all three!)  Really liked how I could watch what was going on in the kitchen, bar, community tables, and the main dining room w/out being subjected to too much noise.  Even the restroom door had a bit of novelty to it- go check it out and see what I mean.Alright, so what about the food??  Where shall I start??Let me preface by saying that I already knew what I wanted, having checked out the menu online after reading about Opening Night at BT (but I'd already eaten, darn it!), but I played along and had a look at the lovely watermarked printed menu Cort gave me.  Didn't know if I felt like  having cockails or wine yet, so I asked for the Bacon cheddar biscuits and the Mac 'n Cheese w/ pancetta, please.  Wanted to try the Legend City cocktail, but wasn't sure what "ricard" was (and now know, thanks to Scott!).  When Cort came back for my drink order, I asked "the short ribs (a fave of one of the hosts'), or the osso bucco?"  W/out batting an eyelash, Cort said "get the osso bucco; it's my favorite on the entire menu!"  Sold!  As I waited for my biscuits and macaroni dish, I spied next table's inhabitants (Hi Karen and Elsa!) breaking into their table bread, so I asked Cort if I could have some, too, please!  Looking all around me, at the hustle-bustle of the kitchen and everyone's smiling faces, I knew I was in for a treat!The bacon cheddar biscuits were delightful!  Loved the crusty cheese topping, and I enjoyed feeling the weight of the biscuit in my hands as I tore off a piece to peer inside-- it was like I was on slow-mo' breaking bread!  (Cue in "Six Billion Dollar Man" bionic sound effect here.)  You must order this and smell the aroma!  It tasted heavenly, and while the apple-honey butter was tasty, its presence wasn't needed.  The complimentary bread rolls were also delicious!  Take away the biscuits and leave me the rolls, and I'd still be happy!  Don't forget to mention the mac 'n cheese!  They don't make the pastas in-house, but they are ordered in especially ("no ordinary pasta," said Cort).  The tasty cream sauce consisted of a blend of some of my favorite cheeses, which included asiago, fontina, manchego, and white cheddar.  Crispy pancetta on top sealed the deal.  I may just have to order this side dish every time I visit!Next came the pork osso bucco confit.  I neglected to ask which local butcher shop the pork came from, so I can't say.  However, I will say that this dish, on the whole, was a beauty!  It came w/ butternut squash spaetzle (so pretty!) and crisp roasted veggies (golden beets, yellow squash, brussels sprouts, shallots, and perhaps leeks).  The pork confit sat atop a lovely and piquant black pepper reduction.  While I thought that the presentation could've been better (the pork itself didn't look quite finished, temp-wise, but I assure you it was!), the textures and flavor bouquets in this dish were very pleasing, indeed.So what came next?  Could anything else impress me after all I've tried?  Ah, yes.  I ordered the Death By Chocolate, which was chocolate ganache on top of dense chocolate cake filled w/ chocolate buttercream, w/ a dusting of finely-grated chocolate on top.  Y'know, just for looks.  Jeez-louise!  Talk about killing me softly!  I've achieved transcendence.  For now.I'll be back- thanks BT!
5	Finally Becketts Table has open their doors and man, it was absolutely worth the wait. First of all the ambiance is warm and inviting. The open kitchen works perfectly in this space, the servers are so helpful, the warm color scheme gives you that homey feel and the space itself has that rustic yet modern look, I love the exposed beams. When we were seated our server, our super server Dave came by and gave us a few suggestions on what he thought were the best items to try on our first time in. Amazing suggestion and we took him up on almost every one. But wait, I'm getting ahead of my self, first I must note on the drinks, my guy and I each tried two, I started with the AZ Farmhand, gin, lemonade, ginger and soda, and wow Ive never been a big gin drinker but I think I may have been converted. Then I had the Mornin' sunshine, again awesome, I love that they use emergency vit-c, very creative, my guy had Miss Katies Pimms Cup, that was ridiculously refreshing with a long slice of cucumber in the glass, later he had the Legend City, I didn't try that one but he absolutely loved it. OK now on the the food... we started with the creamy grits & spicy andouille sausage, wow that was the best appetizer I think Ive ever had, I honestly wish I had some sitting in front of me right now. Then I had the beef bourguignon shepherds pie, super flavorful, rich and delicious, my main squeeze had the mussels and again amazing, the broth was perfect for bread dipping. We were pretty full after our meal but I am coming back next week to try the dessert, the chocolate dipped bacon s'mores is a must try for me. What an amazing dining experience!
5	Wednesday, October 27, 2010. Opening Night.As we walked in we were greeted by Michelle Beckett (owner/partner) and she had even recognized me from my comment on their facebook page. This meant a lot because it shows that they are taking time and investing in the utilization of social networking. They want to know their customers and build the relationships to become that "neighborhood hangout," or a true Third Place. The decor of the building is absolutely perfect. The dark wood, exposed trusses, brick wall, open kitchen are all inviting and comforting. They did a good job of expressing their business concept in their design; they aren't trying to be pretentious or snooty. They are down to earth and simple with the decor and aesthetics which leads them into being a comfortable neighborhood hangout. I was impressed with the wait staff. They were knowledgeable and had tried everything on the menu. This allowed them to give recommendations and answer questions. Likewise, they weren't your typical high school or college servers. They were seasoned wait staff, and it was apparent. My only comment on the service would be that the timing was a little bit off from ordering 1st course, 2nd course, and the time for our after dinner cocktails. However, these are minimal kinks I would expect on night one, so I see it as a nonissue. Now for the food.The four of us decided to share the Beckett's Original Grilled Cheese ($9). This grilled cheese had four cheeses and pancetta. It was delicious, and the roasted red pepper soup to accompany was great. This plays a lot into Beckett's concept. It's not food that you can't make at home, he's just going to do it a little better, and for a fare price.We ordered a bottle of Page Springs Grenache ($41). It was very nice to see a handful of local wines on the list, this is something that I think all local restaurants should strive to do. It was nice to see chef Justin Beckett be able to escape the kitchen and make rounds in the dining room to greet his guests and thank them for coming, etc.For our main courses we had the Wood Fired Mussels ($18), Fork Tender Short Ribs ($19), Local Pork Osso Buco Confit, and Chicken n Dumplings ($16). The mussels were great. It seems a lot of restaurants are serving mussels in a white wine broth these days (Beckett's Table, Iruna, Liberty Market, etc.). Each of them does it a little bit different, and Beckett's take on this dish is using a fennel broth. Normally I am not a fan of fennel, but it was mild enough, and with the other spices it was a good combination. My only concern (not even a complaint) was the portion of the dish. I had 32 mussels in my bowl. I spoke with Justin after we ate and he mentioned that that was not the correct amount.However, we discussed portioning and he is definitely being generous with the amount of mussels in this dish. I'd say it's a great deal! The short ribs were cooked to perfection, and lived up to the name "fork tender." They were seasoned well with a nice bite of cracked black pepper. A very generous portion as well. The pork osso buco was delicious. It was tender and flavorful. Its side of butternut squash spaetzle was a nice touch. My little brother ordered the chicken n dumplings. These were delicious, and Beckett's take on this nostalgic dish includes saffron in the cream sauce. It created a very smooth flavor that definitely set it apart from all other chicken n dumplings (except our family recipe, of course). We thought about dessert... and well... we had to. Chocolate dipped bacon s'mores. Wow. Another great taste combination, taking the smokey, salty flavor of the bacon and dipping it in the sweet chocolate was great. Their marshmallows are house-made, which is just a nice touch. It did come with a dollop of peanut butter whipped cream that complimented the dish. Likewise, we ordered after dinner cocktails. I ordered the Legend City Cocktail. The name is something that will be nostalgic for those that have grown up in the Valley. This drink I feel was a great twist on a classic Old Fashioned. It was Woodford bourbon, Ricard, bitters and a splash of lemonade: served straight up. I thought it was delicious, but I have began to acquire a bias for classic bourbon cocktails. My mom ordered Miss Katie's Pimms Cup. This drink is named after one of the owning partners Katie Stephens, who also came around to our table and introduced herself and chatted with us for a few minutes. My dad, growing up on a farm appreciated and ordered the AZ Farmhand. It contains Hendricks Gin, ginger, lemonade, honey syrup and a splash of soda. Very refreshing drink as well.I will be back Beckett and his staff have done a GREAT job opening this new neighborhood hangout.
4	Yes! Yes! Yes!  what a great addition to south Arcadia.  Even though I live in central phoenix--i know i will be going to Beckett's Table again and again.  We were there just for a glass of wine and a little something--we sat at the community table which was great fun.  the restaurant is terrific looking and well designed--spacious enough to be comfortable, but still as an intimate feel.  we only tasted the mac and cheese, the biscuits and the pecan pie but saw a lot of dishes that were ordered by our companions at the table--everything looked wonderful and had wonderful aromas.  Based on the biscuits and mac and cheese alone-I would have come back--both were flavorful and worth the calories--and the pecan/fig pie was wonderful--even though I don't like figs.  Can't wait to go back and start to work my way through the menu--congrats to the owners--for getting it just right!
5	I have watched up close and person the career of this great chef. This restaurant is wonderful. It is everything that you think it should be. It is homey and comfortable. The food is high quality but not pretentious. The sauces used are a perfect compliment to the featured items. The preparations were delicious. Prices are comfortable. Maybe it is the little things that make this a great regular dine out spot. The water at table side is RO and wonderful. The wines by the glass are well assorted and affordable. Servers were well trained, efficient but homey. If you are looking for that place for the regular night out this is it.
5	I am very excited about the addition of this new restaurant in " my hood"-lower Arcadia. I am such a lazy person when it comes to traveling far for a good meal so when I heard about Beckett's Table I was anxious to give it a try.No disappointment here! The place is heaven. Lovely warm atmosphere-urban without the pretense. The service casual but efficient.And the food....the perfect combination of comfort and elegance. We had the outrageous biscuits to start with our lovely cocktails, the lobster enchiladas-(delicious taste but I missed the lobster..) and the perfectly prepared salmon. Too  full to try the pecan pie-had the creme brulee-which was creamy goodness but would have liked an accompanying fruit or something with it.The menu had so many things I wanted to try-I will be back again and again.Prices are reasonable-2 drinks, biscuits, one appetizer,one entree, 2 desserts all for less than 70.00.
5	I first sampled Chef Beckett's food at staff meal at Petite Maison. He had cooked up an amazing grilled cheese with pancetta and tomato bisque. Happily, that's on the menu at his own restaurant, which just opened this last week.The girlfriend and I decided to try out Beckett's new restaurant tonight and we were simply thrilled. The food included huge portions at fair prices, and it helped that it was delicious. I had the braised short ribs with mashed potatoes and green beans ($19), the girlfriend had the chicken and dumplings ($16). The bread was made in the wood-fired oven and delicious, and the bacon-cheese biscuits ($5) were fantastic. (The bread was so good, I may actually forgo the biscuits next time, sadly!)Even though it's brand new, the service was absolutely perfect. Our helpful waitress (Tracey) was able to recommend a perfect wine pairing for the girlfriend's meal and was attentive and in a very good mood for being rather close to closing time.My short ribs were perfectly cooked, full of flavor, and enough to bring home for seconds (factoring in dessert). The girlfriend had plenty of chicken and dumplings leftover and loved her meal, and though she mentioned it was just a bit on the saltier side, she was thrilled to have enough for lunch the next day.We rounded things out with the chocolate-covered bacon s'mores. That's right. They arrive deconstructed, with each component piece separate on the plate for you to build to your liking. Housemade marshmallow, peanut butter cream, chocolate covered bacon, and graham crackers make for a unique and fun dessert that's just the right amount of food, though it feels utterly indulgent.The chef and his owner-partner also made sure to greet us and were extremely kind. It's clear they've put a lot of passion into the space and the menu and the food, and it really shows. There are a bunch of things on the menu I'm excited to try--a good thing, as the experience was just fantastic from top to bottom.
5	Not much add that the other reviewers haven't touched on.  I went in tonight with Kim T. to talk about the upcoming Great Cajun Cookoff and Food Fest.  Knowing the Southern influence of the menu, we figured it would be appropriate to have a drink and an appetizer while pouring over the details.Ambience - Love this room!  Open but not loud, very communal and comfortable.  The devil is in the details - and BT didn't miss a step anywhere!Service -  Was flawless - thank you, Court!  This man knows the food and was great with suggestions!Drink - Kim and I each had a Miss Katie's Pimm's Cup.  While I love ginger and cucumber together, I rarely order a Pimm's Cup, as I am not a fan of gin.  Miss Katie's is made with vodka - problem solved!  The only issue with this cocktail is that it goes down WAY too easy.  This drink could get me into a whole lotta trouble!  (Bring it on!!)  I asked Miss Katie if they carried Abita Beer (one of our favorites, from southern Louisiana).  She wasn't sure off the top of her head if they had it in or not, but was going to check.  She came back a few minutes later with a bottle of Abita Amber and 2 frosty pint glasses - poured the bottle into the glasses for us to split and offered it to us, gratis!  Now - THAT is beyond service!  I've been to restaurants that offered an amuse bouche - but never one with an amuse beer! :) Food - Looking at the menu, we decided not to split an appetizer.  Instead, we'd split an appetizer, a side and a dessert!  The bread basket came with 2 fresh rolls with cheese, and one dark wheat roll - side of honey butter.  While they were fresh and hot and tasty, I really can't comment on the butter, as we never touched it - or the bread on its own, as we used it to soak up the mustard jus from the grits and sausage appetizer....I heard great things about the grits and andouille sausage  appetizer - but was not expecting this level of amazing flavor.  I've never really liked grits and couldn't understand why people did.  Now I do!  Turns out, I'd never had them made well.  As Kim put it, they should be so rich you can hardly eat them.  (And they were!)  Not just andouille sausuage, either - there was also hot Italian sausage and a southwest chicken sausage - all from Schreiner's.  (Yay for supporting other local businesses!)While I wasn't completely sold, Kim was stuck on the bacon and cheddar biscuits.  But, what the heck.  I like biscuits, I like cheddar and I love bacon - hard to make a misstep on this one, right?  They're served with an apple butter, which Court strongly urged us to use.  He was right!  WOW!  I think I may start craving these on a very regular basis!For dessert, I could not choose.  Brioche bread pudding is on the menu.  I LOVE bread pudding.  That's one of my all time weakness foods.  The fig and pecan pie sounded really good, as did Death By Chocolate.  I asked Kim to choose...and she made it easy - we should make the meal a pork trifecta and have the BACON S'mores!  (Yes, that's my picture of them..)YOWZA!  Chocolate covered bacon, housemade marshmallow, graham crackers and peanut butter cream.  The dish is so wrong on so many levels that it turns the corner and ends up being very, VERY right! While it's bad business to suggest skipping an entree - and there are SEVERAL I look forward to trying - the other reviewers comments about large portions are dead on.  Granted, we started late and neither of us were super hungry - but the shared appetizer, side and dessert really was plenty for us and we left feeling full.  Had an entree been involved, there would have been leftovers, or - worse - no dessert!Amazing place...what a great add for top notch places in the Valley!  Casual enough for everyday meals, but quality and style to impress the out of towners, too!Beckett's Table - you are my new go-to!
5	I loved the simplicity of my first dining experience at Beckett's Table. What looked like copper pipe cut for the napkin rings, small vases with a sprig of mint on each table... definitely no unnecessary frills here! Luckily the surroundings are simplistic because when the dishes are served - look out! Magic, spice and everything nice begins.We ordered almost everything on the menu (or so it seemed).So when it comes to starting off the meal, I highly recommend sharing the grilled cheese with pancetta & roasted red pepper tomato soup AND the vegetable chop salad with pumpkin seed brittle and a champagne vinaigrette. Although I won't lie - the creamy grits & spicy andouille sausage and mustard came in as a close second. The server mentioned there were three (count them....3!) different types of sausages in the dish. Fantastic and very unique.Onto the entrees! We tried four but of the ones we picked it was a close tie between the short ribs and the pork osso buco confit. The pork was interesting because it was served with a butternut squash spaetzle, roasted veggies and a black pepper reduction. Quite the combo!Looking for some serious winter-ish food?? Don't pass up the chicken n dumplings...just like mom used to make (shhh....only waaaaay better!)I almost forgot about the cocktails! They run a little on the sweet side so I'd recommend a cocktail to start but then stick with wine. We tried almost all of the cocktails but my fave was Miss Katie's Pimms Cup!Lastly, let's talk about dessert.While the chocolate dipped bacon s'mores, caramel, housemade marshmallow, whipped peanut butter and graham cracker was a novel idea - DO NOT PASS UP THE FIG & PECAN PIE. The fig is mashed into the most amazing crust (and I hate pie crust normally) and served with this cream cheese and citrus zest ice cream that was TO DIE FOR.The service was fantastic. The ingredients were fresh and the portions were larger than I'd expect for the price. Truly a wonderful addition to Arcadia.
4	Very solid place. Cool ambience (casual but cool). The bar area is especially nice looking. They are working out the kinks with the air conditioning, we froze at our table. As an aside - what is the deal with every place in PHX freezing us out all year. Come on folks, pick a comfortable temperature. Not all of us are sweating in the kitchen.Ok, back to BT.  A few miscues (ordered biscuits that never showed, bread given to us after our main course)...but (and this is key) the waiter was awesome and took full responsibility for the mix ups (as opposed to the typical blame game).  The food we did get was really good. I had the spare rib. Was excellent. - like a delicious pot roast. Wife had the mussels. Really good as well. Excellent grits and salad (the butter lettuce). Had the smores (unique) and the pecan pie (awesome!).Try to 5$ red wine (the house). Was really good (and I am a bit of a wine snob). Total close to 100$ (but we had drinks, appetizers, two deserts etc).
5	LALALALALALALALAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!! That's my taste-buds singing the praises of Chef Beckett's newest bit o' heaven! I was lucky enough to attend the "pre-opening" and was ever so happy. Not surprisingly, because i've experienced Chef B's cuisine @ Canal & Metro. And yes THAT GRILLED CHEESE IS BACK! You know the one, the secret tasty bread, the fabulously mixture of cheeses, with the perfect touch of prosciutto. Winter coat, here you come! The preview night my friend & I had the chicken & dumplings. INSANE, my friend honestly asked for a spoon so she could get every last drop of the sauce, we had the grilled cheese (see above lalalalalaaaa), the osso bucco.......OMG! By far the most amazing dish,the veggies, the spaeztel (sp?) even the kids menu looks good!!This was until I went back Saturday & had the roasted chicken, so delicious, so dreaming about it now BUT my dad had the green chile stew which was even better and I don't know how that's even possible....something has to be off....BUT IT'S NOT!! The cornbread that came with the green chile heaven in a bowl is the best cornbread I have ever eaten. That brings me to the basket of bread they brought out before our meals......wheat rolls that melted in your mouth, warm and perfect but not nearly as phenomenal as the cheesy bacony biscuits that came too......All good things must come to an end so we had dessert. If you only listen to me once, do yourself a favor and order either the s'mores (chocolate covered bacon, seemingly homemade marshmallow, out of this world graham crackers and this tasty peanut butter shmear stuff) the combination of the salty and sweet sent fireworks shooting throughout my mouth or wait, could that have been from the creme brulee? The most perfect custard with the crispy carmel shell.. INSANE!! You thought Phoenix arrived when we got Nordstrom's or Neiman Marcus? NAH, we've arrived because BECKETT'S is here.  Last thing, the service is impeccable, no complaints there. No attitude, actually people in the service industry pleased to serve you and it doesn't hurt they are ALL easy on the eyes. They know their stuff and it shows. Especially, if you sit in the car with the game on, while waiting for your ever tardy daughter, the front of house boss has really long jumper cables.........hey, that stuff is important. Ok, really this is the last thing......make a reservation because I'm not the only one that feels this way. Making mine for tomorrow now, its been a week and i'm starting to twitch!! THANK YOU BECKETTS I NEEDED YOU! (and to renew my gym membership~)
4	Must try the creamy grits and spicy andouille sausage!  Friendly staff, comfortable, urban atmosphere - a perfect place to "come together".
4	I met Chef Justin Beckett several months ago when he was the Guest Chef at Petite Maison in Scottsdale for their Late night 'Staff Meal.' Beckett had an energy and deft touch with his cuisine that told me big things were coming for him and the Phoenix culinary community. I began following Beckett's Table on Twitter and saw that Beckett embraced the use of social media to really reach out and connect with anyone who loved food.I have had the privilege of watching Beckett's table transform from an empty restaurant that went the way of the white buffalo, to the open and inviting space that it has become (more on that in a future post).On opening night, as I knew I would, I stepped throughout the door of Beckett's dream and into the first meal of my 52 week dining adventure.First up, a cocktail, in my case the 'Paimaire,' consisting of Kettle One Oranj vodka, pomegranate liquor and juice, lemonade 'and a little love.' This cocktail, like everything on the menu, has a story and special meaning. Beckett tells the story of buying his house from a couple who would become partners in Beckett's table. If the cocktail is any indication of the coming meal, I'm in for a treat.One of the menu items that immediately caught my eye and whet my appetite was the creamy grits with two kinds of locally made (Schreiner's) spicy andouille sausage ($8) surrounded by a rich, slightly piquant mustard jus.The grits were a little tighter than I normally like but creamy and with the gritty bite from which they take their name. A spoonful with a little jus, caramelized red onion and bite of plump juicy sausage rolls my eyes back into my head and tells me that Chef Beckett means business.Of course, one appetizer just wouldn't do and Beckett's Original grilled cheese with four cheeses, pancetta and roasted red pepper tomato soup ($9) is next up.Buttery sweet brioche and a well balanced mix of cheeses complimented by a vibrant, dense tomato soup that clings to the bread rather than dripping combine to delight. Delicate flavors wash over the palate and something becomes clear, this meal is beyond average.On to the main course (who am I kidding, main courses!). That's right, two mains made their way to my table, first to go under the fork was a Beef Bourguignon shepherd's pie ($16) with a deep, rich gravy, carrots, parsnips and herbs topped with a raft of light and fluffy mashed potatoes.Succulent chunks of savory beef nearly melted in my mouth vying with perfectly cooked vegetables for dominance of every available taste bud. Sitting in the restaurant with the front open to the elements, I long for a cold and dreary day for this dish to brighten.It is a very rare meal which a pork product cannot improve and so it was with great anticipation that I moved the plate of Local Pork Osso Buco ($18) to center stage.Flanked by moist, slightly chewy butternut squash spaetzle on one side and roasted vegetables including brussels sprouts (yup, I ate em), parsnips that were creamy and sweet on the inside as good roasted root veggies should be, carrot and golden beets (which I had eaten for the first time recently), on the other side, the pork shank confit was simply impressive. Kissed by a black pepper reduction, the meat was absolutely tender and moist, pulling easily away from the bone.If there were any criticisms of this dish, it would be that I wanted some sort of sauce for the spaetzle as I found it tasty but a little bit lonely. I would have loved for the black pepper reduction to be a bit thicker and for there to have been a bit more as it paired so well with the pork and I would have really loved for there to have been room for dessert (though I'm pretty sure Chef Beckett had little control of that detail)In all, Beckett's table will take it's rightful place among the most well regarded restaurants in Greater Phoenix and become a must visit destination for fooderati. (if I made that word up, feel free to quote).Stay tuned for next week's meal and a photographic journey of Beckett's Table from hollow shell to culinary hot spot.
4	Location: First off, my guest and I (we drove separately) had a little difficulty finding this place. I am not sure if this was because the sign was not lit up or what. But, they are just 2 weeks old and maybe that hasn't been done or something. Just we aware that the sign might not be lit up when you go.Venue: It is actually kind of neat inside. There didn't seem to be any "prime tables" as all the tables were pretty much just 4-tops. Also, not a lot of seclusion if you are looking for that. About 40% of the venue is a bar, but isn't separated from the restaurant. Real sleek, suave bar. The kitchen is open. So, if the cook is spitting in your food then you will probably see them. I kind of liked having the open kitchen in a small venue.Food: I had the Green Chili Stew with macaroni and cheese. Go ahead, laugh at my mac & cheese. The green chili was a touch spicy but then again, I am a total spice sissy. Even with that said, it *was* good. I ate it all. The mac and cheese was a different story. I jokingly ordered that right off the bat and our server raved about it. Said he loved it. My guest also ordered it. Without a doubt, the mac and cheese was awesome. Really, I think it was better than my green chili stew.Cost: It cost us $48 for two people. This was with 2 mains, 2 sides, an iced-tea, and an alcoholic beverage. Not bad.Bottom Line: I see this place succeeding... especially if people can find it with their light off outside.
3	REALITY CHECK!!! Sorry People.Another over rated chef owned restaurant in Phoenix, and another example of this not being a foodie town. Ambience is well done, not original, think a lower budget Chelsea Kitchen. Nice beamed ceiling, nice bar, nice community bar table, oh those LGO lamps in the windows. Nice but not original. Food was OK. Nothing that I tried was great, just good. I had the salmon, good not great. My friend had the burger. If you as a chef driven restaurant cannot figure out how to do a great burger, then do not put one on the menu. Hint, add fat to the meat. A dry burger on a basic bun, with frozen fries from a bag just will not cut it. The menu reads well but in my opinion and on a first visit not what I would expect in quality.  All the 4 and 5 star reviews on here I would expect though in this Phoenix market. Service was friendly. Note. If you are going to do an open kitchen then everything should be presentable, including the staff. Allowing the dishwasher to wrap himself in hefty trash bags so he does not get his clothes wet during his shift, and looking like some sort of space age homeless person is a bit odd visually.
4	Made it back for a full fledged dinner.  had the shepherd's pie--it was perfect for this kind of evening--just enough "comfort"  without being overwhelming and had a wonderful beef forward taste.  Also sampled the chicken and dumplings which was also terrific--so nice to be able to taste the chicken--gravy/sauce was again flavorful without overwhelming the dish.  came home satisfied but not feeling like I don't need to eat for a week.
5	I can only add my gushing praise to the other reviews.  Not only is the food outstanding (pork osso bucco, green chile stew and pecan/fig pie), but the ambiance and service really help make this place a standout.  So many places have arrogant, stuffy service, so Scottsdale.  Not so here.  Also, the waitstaff had opinions about the food - which dishes are his favorite and why.  Elegant but comfortable atmosphere, reasonable prices, and a real enthusiasm from the staff (and a chef, who came to visit with folks that he knew who were sitting near us).  The food is rich, but did not seem unhealthily so - not bathed in salt and heavy cream sauce.  Perfect portion size, with a balance - meat, grains and veggies.  So happy that Beckett's is in the neighborhood!(Oh - and no valet!  I  hate valet parking when there is an ample adjacent parking lot, and spots are only limited because the valets put their cones in the available spots.)
2	We had a very uneven experience.  For every item in the plus column, there was another in the minus column.  Quick example:  Palmaire cocktail was delicious as recommended by server, but the wine on special was Le Cabernet de Paint Thinner.  The front of the house did a good job taking responsibility for the shortcomings, which are almost entirely kitchen issues.Our party of 6 had a 7 pm reservation, but we weren't sat until 7:30.  This wasn't too much of a hardship because the bar area (and the overall decor) is inviting, so kibbitzing with friends was a good way to pass time.  I sampled almost everything at the table, and we all shared the consensus opinion.FIRST COURSE:  Matzoh ball soup lacked any real flavor, but had the ball had good texture.  Everything on the pate plate was scrumptious and matched well together (cornichon, manchego, pumpkin brittle, whole sun dried tomatoes, whole grain mustard) but the pate lacked any discernable flavor.  I know some people don't want STRONG pate flavor, but it's got to taste like something or else it's just spamloaf.  Our server  kindly brought extra toast points so the table could share the pate.Red pepper and tomato soup was good, but not memorably better than what I get at the supermarket.  Roasted brussels sprouts were a success, and we agreed we'd try to make them this way ourselves at home.ENTREES:  For sides, we ordered the mac and cheese and roasted veggies.  The veggies were a good medley and had a good roast on them, but the mac and cheese came out cold and lacked any cheese flavor.  Just a creamy-tasting bechamel on noodles with pancetta lardon.  Pass.Beef Bourguinon shepard's pie had a rich, delicious gravy, the beef was very tender, and just the right amount of potato on top.  A winner here, though some felt this entree was quite small.  I just lusted for more beef, since it was really good.The orange glazed salmon looked beautiful and, according to my friend, tasted "OK."  Our server warned us that some guests found the hot salmon served with cold side items to be off-putting.  My friend decided to try it anyway.  The server was right, but not completely accurate.  The sides weren't cold-- they were frigid.   Cool or room temp would have been much better.Mussels were a big hit.  The mussels were plentiful, and the wine fennel broth was outstanding.  It got mopped up with the toast to make a solid meal.The burger, on the other hand, was a big failure.  Here's where our meal fell off the rails.  My wife ordered it medium, and out it came VERY rare.  The server agreed it was wayyy rare, so it got sent back, this time with instructions for medium well doneness.  5 minutes later, out came the second attempt-- but this wasn't much better, medium rare at best.  Back it went for the third try, this time with orders for well done burger.  This time we had to wait 10-15 minutes before my wife's meal came out.  In the interim, they brought her a side salad.  A nice touch, but by now her meal was jacked up beyond any salad's repair.  Finally, out came a lumpy grey burger that was well done alright.  Just not very exciting at all.  The bun was soft and had good texture, but the promise of boursin cheese was not kept.  On a helluva hot burger, the cheese was just a smear of cream cheese that got lost.  Also, all three iterations of the burger were very small. The fries were terrific though.  Small consolation there.The manager and server were appropriately apologetic for these mistakes.  They comped my wife's entree and offered us a dessert on the house.  We tried to take them up on it.  The server sold us hard on the pecan pie, but when she went to put the order in, she told us they'd just sold out of it.  That was that.  The manager offered us a pair of apps and a dessert on a return trip.  I can't say when or if we'll ever make it back.
5	Lets start with the drinks, shall we. After all, it was "miss katie's pimms cup" that lured me here, being vegan, food choice has become an after thought. My drink, miss katie's pimms cup (pimm's #1, ketel one vodka, muddled cucumber, ginger and sprite) was amazing. So refreshing, not too sweet, subtlety of cucumber and ginger, I could have drank these all night and it would have been worthy of 5 stars, but a girls gotta eat!After I read the menu, and not only saw but smelled the delicious food coming out of the kitchen, I actually felt guilty for being Vegan. I too wanted to enjoy one of those mouthwatering meals. However, Chef Justin had no qualms about catering to my needs. I was informed he was preparing something special for me. I do Love surprises. It was quite a treat to have something so artfully presented to me. (see pics) Not only was my dish Beautiful it was Delicious! It tasted of the same care that the signature dishes on the menu were made of. It really says a lot about Chef Justins level of customer care that he went out of his way to prepare me something that was not just a bunch of sides thrown together on a plate. It was a well thought out dish from presentation to flavors. It was my pleasure to meet Chef Justin last night  and I can't thank him enough. My husband had the Short Ribs (see pics), which he'll attest, were amazing, as well as the Fig and Pecan Pie (darn, no pic) that blew him away. All put together with stellar service form Cort our server, it was a Wonderful evening that we will look forward to enjoying again and again.P.S.I hear they will be adding  daily Vegan/Vegetarian/GF options to their menu by the new year. I cannot wait!
4	Probably the best salmon I've had in long time. It was cooked perfectly and the blood orange glaze, while a little bit of a sweet shock to my palate initially, really balanced with the accompaniments. It was good that our server advised me that the couscous would be cold -- I would have expected hot, especially on a winter menu but: (a) this IS Arizona, not the northeast and (b) with its refreshing mint accent, it was the perfect accessory to the salmon. The last thing I ate on my plate was the shaved veggie salad. It was such a great end to the meal. Really pleasant and crisp with the occasional treat of a yellow beet. I even shared a slice of beet with my friend, explaining: it IS possible to like beets if they are handled well. In this case, they were definitely handled well! A huge fan of Sam Pilsbury to begin with, I think this meal was made for his One Night Stand Rose. A match made in heaven!! On another visit I tried the pecan fig pie and really enjoyed it. The cream cheese and citrus zest ice cream was novel for me and really complimented the pie. The crust was also excellent. Last night, we had the creme brulee with shortbread cookies and it was a bit of a disappointment for me. While my dinning companion LOVED it, I found it a tad on the runny side and the shortbread crumbly. Flavors were fine but would probably try a different dessert on another visit. Beckett's Table is a great addition to the Phoenix food scene!
4	Had beef stew, mussels and bacon cheese biscuits.  All where good but nothing was breathtaking.  The beef stew was the best of the three.The real winner here is the atmosphere.  They've done a fantastic job of creating a very inviting restaurant.  Due to the wait, we ate at the community table.  As a recent transplant from San Francisco, I'm a big fan of community tables as they offer the flexibility of a last second dinner.  Nice addition.  The tables are a bit packed in but not to an uncomfortable level.Good place...give it a shot.
5	Great meal there Saturday nite!  Our Waitress Allison was friendly, knowledgable and excellent at her job!The environment was fun, nicely designed and comfortable.  The wine list was complete with many offerings and I liked how Allison had both myself and my hubby taste it before pouring it!There were so many delicious sounding choice that it was difficult to choose...but we ordered the Shep's Pie and the Pork Confiet....both were fabulous, filling and unique!We saved room for dessert and we loved the bread pudding and pecan fig pie...the coffee rocked as well!Make sure you have a reservation the place was packed...and deserves to be!
5	the grits and biscuits are divine.simple american comfort food done right. make sure to follow them on twitter!
4	4.5 Stars... I really enjoyed Beckett's table! It's a large, cool looking room with exposed ceiling and brick walls. They have a small patio and I heard they're planning to build a large patio on the side of the building. I met a couple friends there and we shared a few different items: The drink list has some great looking combos and a nice variety of wines. I tried the Palmaire, a lemonade/pomegranite combo. Very refreshing! We had the grilled cheese with pancetta to start... I love a good grilled cheese and these were perfect little bites. It came with roasted red pepper tomato soup. The soup tasted like pureed roasted red peppers; I would have preferred a little more balance with tomato taste. The roasted brussel sprouts were sumptuous; intense flavor and a little crisp on the outside. The fire roasted green chile pork stew was very tasty. The corn bread that came with had a perfect sweet contrast. I tried a bite of my friend's short rib - very tender and lean. We ended with the creme brulee, which came with fresh blackberries. At first I passed on having bites (I'm not a huge fan of creme brulee), but they pressured me into trying it... YUM! I may be a convert now. Overall, a great pick! Shout out to Katie B. for the suggestion.
5	I was disappointed that they ran out of the mussels I ordered.  I ended up having the short ribs.  Amazing.  My wife had the shepard's pie and I tasted it.  It was also amazing.  I also had the red pepper soup.  Probably the 2nd best red bell soup I have had.  We also had the chocalate covered bacon smores dessert.  Yes we did.  And yet you should at least try it.  Our server was perfect and the decor is very modern rustic.  Make a reservation, this place is packed (as they deserve to be)
5	OMG - now this is what comfort food should be!Coming from out of town, I heard about Beckett's opening a few weeks ago and was thrilled to get to try it on this trip... it did not disappoint!  (Wish I could export you to Vancouver so you can help out our resto who attempted the gourmet comfort menu but without the skill of this!)Service is excellent!Everything on the menu we had was divine... the bread service is excellent.  You must get the cheese and sundried tomato bread.  So good!  For appies, the grilled cheesewith pancetta and fire roasted pepper soup is fabulous.  I had the salad which is incredibly fresh and well-done, but I would definitely get the more unique items.The mains are equally fabulous.  I LOVED my short ribs - they were flavorful, fork-tender and the sides were amazing.  Hubby's stew was a bit spicy for me but very tasty.The only minor downside to the place is that they need a bit of work on guestimating the food quantities... we were getting to dessert around  8pm and had our hearts set on the Death By Chocolate, but were told it had run out for the evening... who runs out of dessert?  Anyway, that's really the only con and I suppose it's saved me some calories for the next time I'm back :)
4	It's a brilliant concept, really, non-threatening food (brussels sprouts are probably the scariest thing on the menu) given an interesting tweak here and there to make it worthy of a night out. And judging from the crowd that showed up on a rainy Sunday evening, it's working. The diners were a mixed bunch: lots of families with their kids, lots of singles at the community table.      Chef Justin Beckett, formerly of Canal, his wife and some friends took over the space previously occupied by That's Italiano, a restaurant that deserved to close. They did a lovely renovation, with exposed wood beams, an open kitchen, lots of windows, and the above mentioned community table, made from a fallen black walnut tree. To put you in a good mood there's a number of specialty cocktails, a nice wine list, and 4 draught beers, plus others by the bottle. Our server, Allison, was delightful - very funny, but also very professional.      The menu isn't large, but it was hard to make a selection since everything sounds good. An interesting appetizer entry is Beckett's Original Grilled Cheese served with  roasted red pepper tomato soup ($9). Creamy Grits & Spicy Andouille Sausage ($8) was tempting. Ken opted to get two appetizers for his meal, the Chef's Country Pate ($8) and those scary Roasted Brussels Sprouts with pancetta, shaved manchego cheese and lemon thyme vinaigrette ($6). I thought it strange that this was considered an appetizer. For me, the Crisp Butter Lettuce Salad, green grapes, toasted pecans, candied lemon vinaigrette ($6) and a side of Mac and Cheese ($5, as are all the side dishes including the bacon cheddar biscuits which we ordered while trying to decide on the rest of our meal). Our friend Sena decided, after much pondering, on the pork osso bucco ($17). And Leon ordered his usual hamburger - in this case the "B"  Burger with Buttered Brioche, Boursin, Bib lettuce, Beefsteak tomato ($13).     So how was it? The biscuits, which arrived first were a good omen. They were more scone-like than biscuity, but they were delicious, especially with the accompanying apple honey butter. Ken enjoyed his pate, which came with lots of things to eat with it, including peanut brittle. Sena's osso bucco was delicious, tender and rich. The only problem was that the carrots served in the roasted vegetable medley were terribly undercooked. The same was true, to a lesser extent, of the brussels sprouts plus they were pretty much tasteless. The vinaigrette on my salad was outstanding, but the grapes and pecans were in short supply. Leon said his burger was just okay, but he seems to feel that way about most of the burgers he orders. One day we'll find him one that will knock his socks off! If anybody has any suggestions, please let me know.     The entrees didn't live up to the biscuits, but I had high hopes for dessert ($5 each). There's a strange one - Chocolate Dipped Bacon S'Mores with caramel, housemade marshmallow, whipped peanut butter, and graham crackers. But I had to go with the Fig & Pecan Pie which came with cream cheese and citrus zest ice cream. This was delectable, rich but not too sweet. I usually don't like cream cheese ice cream, but this was a perfect match for the pie and the citrus zest just sung out. Loved it. Ken grumbled a little about the poor selection of tea, and the fact that there was no espresso.     All things considered, despite the negatives, I'd go back. I have the feeling that things will get better and better. Beckett's Table3717 E. Indian School      Phoenix     602-954-1700 (reservations are a good idea)5 - 10PM  Tuesday through Sundaybeckettstable.com
5	Great Service.. All Apps under 10 bucks.. All Desserts 5 bucks.. Urban like Tuck Shop and Parlor, A fantastic addition to Biltmore, Arcadia area.. The List is getting larger and Broader for CenPho.. YAY!!!
5	My wife and I finally got a chance to visit Beckett's Table--we'd been watching it get ready to open, living just a few blocks away.  We started with the Roasted Brussels Sprouts, not something you'd normally think of as a starter--but it was a very interesting starter.  The Brussels Sprouts arrived in a small iron roasting pan.  The shaved cheese and pancetta, along with the vinaigrette made for a unique (and good) taste combination.My wife ordered the wood fired mussels, and she thoroughly enjoyed the entree.  The mussels are prepared with a fennel broth.I had the fork tender short ribs.  The beef came served on a bed of mashed potatoes and they lived up to the fork tender billing.  The sauce on the ribs was not overpowering, but did give some flavor highlights while allowing the beef's flavor to come through.Overall we were very impressed by the dinner.
5	Quite simply, Beckett's Table gets it right. We had been looking forward to trying it after watching them work on the space for several months and finally had the chance to eat there on a busy Saturday night. Everything from the appetizer (grits and andouille sausage) to the entrees (short ribs and shepherd's pie) to the dessert (creme brulee) was excellent. Service is friendly and efficient and they have a nice wine selection. I really can't find anything that I dislike about Beckett's. It's simple, straightforward food at a good price and in a great space. We will be putting into our regular rotation in the neighborhood.
3	It's fine, I went in the first few weeks that they were open, and apparently they were still working out the details.  I would definitely recommend giving this place a try.  The grits were really good.  Of course, anything with loads of bacon grease in it is bound to be tasty....but head on over and form your own opinion. I think you'll be glad you did. Oh, and while you're at it...get a Pimm's Cup....it's really tasty, even for a girly drink.
4	This is a great place for upscale comfort food in a friendly environment.I sat at the bar and wasn't super hungry so I ordered an appetizer and dessert.  The sausage and grits is their go to suggestion for an appetizer.  I enjoyed it and had enough room for dessert.I really enjoyed the pecan fig pie.  The crust was nice and flaky and the pie was not overly sweet like pecan pie can be at times.If I lived in the neighborhood, this would be my neighborhood place.
5	I finally made it to Beckett's Table tonight and sat at the bar for a couple of drinks and snacks. Really enjoyed the $5 Sangria. The attention to detail in this restaurant is amazing. I looked at a lot of the plates coming out of the kitchen and they all looked amazing. The restaurant is very attractive and well executed, especially for a two month old restaurant.  Service was friendly and attentive. The bartenders really knew their wines - I listened in as they made recommendations for others.We just nibbled on the Oven Roasted Root Vegetables and the Mac and Cheese with Pancetta, both of which were excellent.I look forward to coming back and trying out the full menu in the near future.
4	They had my heart when I learned they served wine by the half carafes (pichet).  Whenever in Seattle, I dine at Le Pichet and always sigh afterwards in Phx wishing for a place who would do exactly this.It's upscale comfort food, I get it.. totally.  Scanning the menu reminded me of a coglameration of the Food Network shows post 9/11 to today (when comfort food took a huge resurrgence and cooking magazine subscriptions peaked after the economy tanked)... the menu is inspiring, all within gourmet reach of making at home but you come here to eat it, because they (most likely) will make it better, present it better, or you just haven't gotten around to attempting it yourself.  And so that was how I ordered, to see how does the kitchen execute the dishes for notes on how I might duplicate the deliciousness at home.Sitting at the table next to us were young children, and it was really great to see how the staff went out of their way to be extra nice and serve little treats to them at the end of the meal.  Comfort food AND a nice homey feeling.
5	Run, don't walk to eat here. So, so tasty. Comfort food with an upscale twist. Grits and sausage is a must. As is the chicken and dumplings. Chocolate covered bacon for dessert!
3	I went to Beckett's table the weekend it opened and it was just alright. I got there and found it somewhat difficult to park. The lot is small and awkwardly shaped. When I got inside, the place looked really nice. I ordered the matzo ball soup to start and it was very good. The veggies were still just slightly crisp and tasted so fresh. Now, it may be my fault for ordering the wrong things, but I then had chicken and dumplings for my main course. It was basically the matzo ball soup but thicker, so that was disappointing. Also, it was extremely salty, which wasn't so good. My bf got the shepherd's pie, and that was very good, but small for the price. We finished with the death by chocolate which was just not good. It tasted like it was bought at the grocery store out of the freezer section and then left out to dry for a few days. We ended up sending it back. It may have been death by chocolate... but not in a good way. I really like the place, however, and would like to try it again in hopes that the kinks have been worked out.
4	I want to give my experience with Beckett's Table tonight 5 stars, because I loved so much about it, but it didn't quite live up to "Woohoo!  As good as it gets!"I made 8pm reservations for our table of four, and I'm glad I did, since they seemed to stay steady throughout the evening.  Our waitress was pleasant and helpful from beginning to end.  One note: ask for the bread immediately.  We didn't receive ours until we had been there at least 30 minutes and our entrees were nearly ready - easy to look over, though, because the bread was awesome.Two from our party ordered the vegetable tower entree, which seemed to please both of them.  I didn't hear rave reviews, but no complaints either.  I ordered the chicken and dumplings and a side order of the mac and cheese to share with the table.  The c&d were DELICIOUS - I finished every bite and was sufficiently filled but not stuffed.  The mac and cheese helped give everyone else something to pick at, which everyone seemed to like.  It wasn't extraordinarily unique mac and cheese, but it hit the spot.  The fourth person at our table had the short ribs, which none of us could get enough of.  I know it was outstanding and I only had two bites of it!I also appreciated Beckett's wine, beer, and cocktails list.  The beer selection was sizable, which I liked, and the wine list included several from Arizona.  My wife actually had the Grenache blend from AZ - we both liked it a lot and would order it again without hesitation.All in all, Beckett's made for a great night.  Good location, really cool architecture, friendly service, and excellent food and drink!
5	I have to give them the 5 star rating because of their awesome feel and the new and interesting spin on good 'ol home cookin'. Went to Beckett's last night and was beyond impressed. First I saw an old friend behind the bar, shout out to Keith! He was awesome, talked us through the menu, pointed out of of his favorites and even gave us a full tutorial of how the chocolate covered bacon s'mores should be eaten. I love the rustic open community style of the place. The kitchen is open so you can check out what is going on, the bar is inviting, the food was great, awesome wine selection and fantastically prices as well. We started with a bottle of the PurVine Cab (BTW the bottle was only $17!!score!) and loved it, then we had the Grilled Cheese with Tomato Soup, it was better than could have been expected. The sammy was on cheesy facoccia bread with four cheeses inside and panchetta and came with a small bowl of the roasted tomato soup to dip in, you have to try it!!! Then there was dessert..... Chocolate Covered Bacon S'mores..... holy cow were they good. I cant really say more than you have to try this culinary adventure, soon!! We will be back for sure, I hope you love it as much as we did!
5	As a vegetarian, when I first saw the menu I was dismayed, no vegetarian entries...However, when I requested a plate of vegetables, the waitress was extremely accommodating and spoke to the chef. A veggie tower with balsamic reduction appeared! Yes, the same veggie tower is now on the menu! I would love to see more non meat items, but for quality, atmosphere, and price for a local neighborhood establishment, Beckett's Table is a fabulous experience.
5	It was a great, all-around experience. The food was fantastic. First, my girlfriend and I started with the grits and sausage. I have never had grits as creamy and smooth as these. The sausage was cooked well and had an amazing flavor. The Osso Bucco was very tender and the sides were great. The Mac and Cheese side dish is a must. We finished the night with the death by chocolate, which apparently changes every week. Very cool. Excellent service... good job Mike. We will be repeat customers and are probably their best advertising campaign.
4	Great drinks, friendly staff.Menu is very pork oriented (a major plus).  Everyone at my table was very pleased with their main courses, but the bacon and cheese biscuits were dry. Overall, great place and I will return.
4	I had been really interested in trying Beckett's after hearing great things about it on Twitter and such.  Then when I heard about the chocolate covered bacon dessert I was totally sold.So for NYE my girlfriend and I took my parents out to Beckett's and everyone really enjoyed the food and the experience.  The parking situation is bit annoying as the area both in front and on the side of the building is rather small.  Go to the Zipps parking lot next door to find a spot on a busy night.  Upon walking in there is a very warm feeling to the place and that is the main philosophy of chef/owner Justin Beckett, make it feel like home.I was able to make reservations via the website through OpenTable, that was very convenient.  We were seated promptly and greeted by our server very quickly.  The items on the menu make you think of home cooking, but a little done up.  I started off with the Matzo ball soup, which was done with a chicken broth.  It was good, but I still prefer my mother's recipe.  Everyone at the table got a different dish.  There was the beef bourginion, beef short ribs, chicken dumplings, and the "B" burger.  I devoured mine, which was served shepherd's pie style with mashed potatoes on top.  It was really quite delicious.  My mother ate all of her short ribs, which is unusual, and said they were fork tender.  Same for pops with the "B" burger.  The girlfriend had the dumplings and I would have to agree that they were a little on the bland side.  Probably the only complaint about the entrees.For dessert we had the homemade S'mores, which included the chocolate covered bacon, whipped peanut butter, marshmallows, and graham crackers.  The bacon was of course the star of the plate, but the homemade marshmallows were very good.  My parents split the creme brule and enjoyed that as well.  Everyone loved the coffee also.Overall a great dining experience from start to finish.  I can't wait to go back and try something new.
4	Great new restaurant in Phoenix!  The atmosphere is laid back and very cool.  The service was fantastic and the food was excellent.  We tried a good mix of items - the rock shrimp, corn and butternut squash enchiladas, roasted brussel sprouts, osso buco, veggie tower and chicken and dumplings.  Everything was great including the delicious bread!
3	Food 2 starsBreads/desserts 3.5 starsCute place. Food, not so 'cute'I was a little disappointed with the food here. I read the reviews, and was very excited about trying this place. We ordered a ton of food and I was unimpressed.  Breads are yummy goodness! Another bread basket please! :)The bacon biscuits were good, but I think ours were a little dry that night, maybe will give it another chance next time.Tried to order the grape salad, out, so...Chopped salad looks like a 5 year old threw some iceberg lettuce on the plate, but when you eat it it grows on you a little, it has a lot of sweet veggies and they also tossed in some micro pieces of caramelized sugar oats? A little surprising, but not bad.  Dressing is on the bland side.Chicken pate is decent.  This is another dish that grows on you.  It is a very chunky pate speckled with veggies.  It is great when you eat it with the roasted red peppers and cheese that come on the plate.Sausage and polenta, meh. I've had better.  It's good, but nothing to knock your socks off.Matzo ball soup-bland, uninteresting and beyond mediocre. It is also a ridiculously large portion.The osso bucco on the menu is a fraud.  It isn't osso bucco at all.  I understand the concept of the restaurant, so I wasn't expecting a completely traditional dish, but come on,  the meat was a bit dry and was saturated with an anise flavor which is not what comes to mind when I'm thinking osso bucco.  Can we get a hint of a tomato based sauce here? Chile pork stew.  Very heavy  flavors, concentrated sauce, not really my thing.  Cornbread is good though.Shepherd's pie was okay, the sauce was good, but just a little too concentrated, heavy, and very salty.  It needed more of a starch to cut the sauce down.  This is another dish with a slight identity crisis.  But sadly, the best dish so far.  Desserts were great.  The pecan and fig pie was delish. Crust was like the outside of a fig newton cookie and the fresh figs were the highlight of the entire meal.  The cream cheese ice cream is very different and decadent.  This is the one thing on the menu that we all wished was a little larger in size! On the lighter side, the blueberry and pear cobbler was bright and naturally sweetened by the fresh fruits within.  Cobbler to ice cream ratio a little off, but it was good nonetheless.Pimm's cup cocktaill is really good. Very light and fresh. I guess if I want upscale home cooked food, I will just have to continue cooking it myself. :(  We will come back for dessert and drinks.
5	I went here for my birthday. My girlfriend called ahaed and asked them to have two glasses of wine waiting for us at the table. As for the food.... delectable. The brussels sprouts appetizer is absolutely the perfect combination of flavors. I also found out why everyone raves about the shortribs . I made the mistake of ordering the beef bourginon shepards pie, it had three little chunks of stewed meat inside. It made me sad and yearn for my dates plate of "fork tender shortribs". Theres no need for a knife. I could eat that every night for the rest of my life. Also while im at it,i must tell you about these chocolate covered bacon smores dessert. Holy cow. Definitly worth saving room for. The servers were all so friendly, willing to escort patrons safely through the crowded dining room. I really enjoyed my experience here,and will definitly be coming back.
4	Disregard all the reviews and try it for yourself. Beckett's table is a great place for a nice dinner and desert. The atmosphere is pleasant, the service is good, the prices are reasonable and the food is good. We tried the Mac n Cheese, Bacon Cheddar Biscuits, Grits and Sausage and all were great. We shared a couple salads one was the Chop and the other was a daily special. Both were also good. For the mains, we had the Short Ribs which were very good, Pork Stew (all agreed this was the best) and the Shepherd's Pie (our least favorite) and a Steak (daily special). For desert we shared the Cobbler (Amazing), Death by Chocolate which was good and the novel Chocolate dipped Bacon S'mores which we had to try, they were good btw. All in all Beckett's Table is a welcome addition that is great for most any occasion.
3	I've visited Beckett's 7 times, so I think I have a good feel for its menu.  The red pepper/tomato soup is phenomenal, particularly with the grilled cheese, and I could eat the pecan pie all day.  Other than those, however, I've been disappointed with the offerings.  The short ribs were dry, though it was 8:45 when we ate.  I tried the shepherd's pie and found it bland (though my brother loves it).  The macaroni and cheese likewise is bland to me.  The vegetable "tower" is ridiculously bad--a conclusion that a server secretly agreed with.  The wine list is interesting, and I appreciate that "everything" is by the glass and half bottle as well.  If you're an oenophile, ask for the secret reserve list.
4	Overall, I thought Beckett's table was what I expected it to be! The atmosphere was very inviting and the food and service were great. We started off with the grits which were very, very good. I'm glad I took someone up on that recommendation because I had never had grits before and felt pretty weary! But! Someone else was picking up the tab and I was feeling adventurous. My father ordered the chicken and dumplings which were good, but I don't think I'd order it for myself in the future or recommend it to anyone. I ordered the grilled cheese with soup as my entree although it is normally served as an appetizer. I was just very full from the bread and grits. Our server, Cole I think was his name, was very friendly and helpful. I really wanted to try the s'mores appetizer but I just didn't have room. Another excuse to go back soon, though!
4	Beckett's has fast become the "it" restaurant in the Arcadia scene or maybe it's the lack thereof of good restaurants in Arcadia like Beckett's that makes this place overflowing with diners. Thanks to Yelp, I came across this "hot on Yelp" restaurant and went here with a couple of friends, and we were surprised with how busy this place was that we found ourselves waiting for a table for an hour. My first visit I attempted to order the shortrib and was dismayed they ran out. So, I ended with the cast iron petite chicken. Which was good. My first visit was Nov. of 2010. let's flash forward to 1/14/2011.I went again with my friend Sara to see if Beckett's could still win us over a second time, Parlor has the magic everytime I eat there as well as Geisha's HH. We both agreed that we would get the mussels as an appetizer. And this time I called (on a thursday night) to see if I could make a reservation for friday night, and learned that the prime reservation slots were taken, so, this makes me assume that I must make a reservation on a Tuesday or Wed. at least, sheesh! ok, back to the food...the mussels were really soft, and the sauce/gravy was divine meaning it wasn't thick and creamy no, it had a good texture and you could really taste the fennel, and the wine, it's GOOD. This time I was able to order the fork tender short ribs and let me just say this, it's more than fork tender, it's YUM! forget the sides just give me two short ribs! I now understand why they run out....mmm yum! Sara got the beef bourguignon shepherd's pie which was good but not great unlike the short ribs. Anywho another good experience at Beckett's and will come back again. Oh as for desserts, as a dessert fiend, pass on it and look elsewhere, they're quite meh, and tammie coe's is up the street. so hurrah for beckett's!
4	Last night I made it in to Beckett's Table after hearing so much about it and everyone was spot on.  The space is terrifically laid out very open and well decorated.  We were greeted by the hostess and shown to our table.  Our server came over right away with fresh water and menu's.  So far so good.  Laura ordered the Salmon which was excellent I am very picky with my fish being from Seattle and I would've ate that whole dish.  The Cous Cous was great and a nice salad on the side to tie it all together.  I ordered the Pork Osso Buco Confit which my server said was his favorite.  I see why because this pork was fork tender and just falling apart.  I really enjoyed the dish and the roasted veggies were great.  I didn't even know what half of them were and I was still enjoying them all.  I wish I had room for dessert because they had one I really wanted to try so I will be back for the Chocolate dipped bacon s'mores.  Overall a great dinning experience and it's close to home so that's even better.
4	What a great place to have a group dinner! Fun, laid-back atmosphere, a solid drink list, and food that will fill you up and fill you up happy. Here are my quick take-a-ways:-I know you're going to look at the menu and debate appetizers, but just say yes to the mac'n'cheese. It's salty, a little sweet, has a touch of dijon, and is a big plate of creamy goodness. -Also go with the brussell sprouts. I know you'll be scared. But trust.-Take your time to look at the drink list! Their cocktails are unique and each one has a distinct set of flavors. Try a couple! I liked the AZ Farmhand... hendricks gin, honey syrup, lemonade, ginger & soda. Fresh and not too sweet.-The burger is phenomenal, but I also heard a lot of "mmmmm"s about the short ribs from my lovely lady friend sitting next to me.-Absolutely get the sweet potato pie. -They do serve chocolate dipped bacon s'mores, yes. I was not a fan, but it's something you'll have to try and see how you feel about it. And don't assume you'll like it just 'cause you like bacon and chocolate. Totally different when combined.Enjoy!
5	Word on the street from the locals is that this new spot is the talk of the town, so I felt very lucky that I got to go here for a work dinner last night. We breezed right in to our reservation with no problems and the waiters made us feel comfortable right away. I liked the feel of the place right away, too, with the high beamed ceilings, big open glass doors and cute, stylish touches scattered about. The cocktail menu looked to die for but I was in a beer frame of mind so I went with their peach beer, which I loved, because it reminded me of Pyramid Apricot Ale, which is one of my East Bay faves. The others got some amazing looking concoctions, though, so if I ever get back here I'll be sure to get a cocktail. I was really impressed because one of my dining companions couldn't decide what beer she wanted so asked if they could serve her a flight, and they were happy to oblige (I'm not sure how she ended up getting charged for that, but the effort was still nice). We got a bunch of appetizers to share. The mac and cheese is not as heavy and gooey as a lot of 'fancy' mac and cheeses that I've had, and I could not stop eating it. We also had some enchiladas with shrimp and sweet corn that was amazing. And of course, I couldn't resist the brussels sprouts - I can never resist brussels sprouts. I liked that they had shaved manchego on them but I have to say I've had better cooked and more flavorful brussels sprouts in my life. I think my least favorite app was the roasted veggie because it was a bit flavorless compared to everything else, and people didn't seem too enthused about the matzo ball soup either. For my entree, I shared half of the salmon dish and half of the short rib with my neighbor. They've recently re-done the salmon dish, so it's different from the way it's described on the menu. The waiter had a really quiet voice so I had to have him repeat it to me a couple of times, but basically now they grill the salmon with salt and pepper and serve it with brussels petals and cornbread panzanella, cucmbers and some sort of yummy vinaigrette. I loved it! I love my salmon super rare so I wish they had asked me how I wanted it, but everyone else was perfectly fine with it. The short rib was very good as well - we replaced the mashed potatoes with more roasted veggies, but it also comes with string beans, one of my other favorite veggies. The desserts were vast and impressive. Despite my loud, showy protests, I couldn't help digging my spoon into the gourmet s'mores dish, with its caramelized marshmallow and chocolate covered bacon, the creme brulee (standard but good), and my favorite, the sweet potato pie. My least favorite was the blueberry crumble, which surprised me because I was positive that it would be my favorite. I'm no expert in Scottsdale culture, but I have a feeling that this little hotspot in a strip mall may be a major player in the local cuisine - its fresh, classic dishes and friendly service are definite crowd pleasers!
5	Now that I've recovered from my food coma, I can happily report on my pleasant experience at Beckett's Table. As our large group walked in, we were warmly greeted by the staff and seated at an accommodating table in the back. I noticed how homey the atmosphere was with the low lightening, the open kitchen and the wooden and brick architecture. Although the restaurant is situated in a random strip mall in Arcadia, you would never know once you get situated inside. We started with cocktails and I went for the Palmaire. Tasty!! It had pomegranate infused vodka/juice of some sorts and the soda added a perfect blend to it. So now moving on to the food. Order everything on the menu, or as much as you can handle for the size of your group because everything I tasted was delicious. The enchiladas have a zing to them, the mac and cheese is cheesy goodness, the Brussels sprouts are perfectly cooked with just the right amount of seasoning and the vegetable dish has the right amount and style of veggies to make you want more. Now that I was nearly stuffed from the appetizers alone, I moved to the entree. Although I was full and could have (should have) gone with a lighter option, I heard such amazing things about the short ribs that I had to give it a go. Yes, it was worth every bite and more. The shorts ribs were so tender, the meat fell into my fork and the potatoes and green beans were the perfect compliment. To end the meal marathon, the group tasted all the desserts on the menu. Yes all of them. Each one was good in its own way, but my favorite was the chocolate souffle cake. What can I say, I'm a chocoholic. In summary, this is a great dining option for dinner with your sweetie or with a huge group. You'll leave full from a great meal within a comforting atmosphere.Let me also might add...they are only open for dinner and get there early because there will be a wait.
5	After eating chocolate covered bacon for desert (yeah, that's really one of the options for desert), I say that I was completely stratified with Beckett's Table. From the moment I called to make a reservation I knew that this restaurant was going to have great staff and service. The staff greeted us at the entrance and give us options for seating. I was VERY pleased with the pricing on the menu especially the wine bottle prices! It's just a matter of time, and I will be back for an evening meal! Speaking from living in the Arcadia area, this is just the restaurant we need in the area--a nice community restaurant with pleasing food! If you are looking for a nice dining experience, this is the place for you!
5	This place just gets better and better.  Stopped in last night with a friend.  They were packed but we were able to score a couple of great seats at the bar.I started out with the brussels sprouts. Roasted and served with pancetta and shaved manchego to create a fantastic appetizer.  If our moms had cooked them like this we would have loved brussels sprouts even as finicky kids.Instead of an main entree I ordered the rock shrimp enchiladas.  Simply delicious!  At Katie's suggestion we tried the sweet potato pie which was a special that night.  It was wonderful and had a nice flaky, buttery crust.This place is really hitting on all cylinders.  Get in here as often as you can!!!
3	I finally made it to Beckett's Table and was very impressed at first but had that turn to disappointment by the time that my meal arrived.We started with the roasted brussels sprouts and they were indeed as good as everyone has said.  I highly recommend them.The problem was with my main course.  I had ordered the cioppino and was very excited at first when it arrived. The fish was nice and the broth was tasty without being overly tomato-ey or thick.  The problem came with the shellfish.  They were horribly undercooked. Out of all the clams, only one was cooked enough to be open and edible and the mussels were barely edible as well.The pricing was pretty reasonable and the food has great potential but if you're going to offer a dish like cioppino make sure that you know how to cook it.I give the cioppino a two and the brussels sprouts a four for an average of three.  I'm in no rush to head back here, I sure hope that they can get it together as I would be very excited to see a good restaurant open up.
3	3.5 stars... service was good, food was just OK.  Nothing was "bad", but at the same time, nothing just jumped out at you and said WOW!  The bread was good, I had the Sheppard's Pie which was good.  My wife got the Veggie Tower... meh.  Our friends got the salmon and steak.  Steak had balsamic on it, but it didn't give it any extra flavor.  The salmon was good, but she said that she has had better.
3	Correction:  It wasn't steak with balsamic, it was short ribs with a red wine herb reduction
4	Y.U.M. Yum. yum. YUM. I don't know how else to put it. Recent work trip found me pulling up a seat at Beckett's table, and it was a biggie, I think there were 16 of us? Can that be right? The service was amazing. While the food the pretty stellar too, the service still stands out as being the best part of my experience there. We grabbed a few small apps to get things going. Everything I tried, the roasted veggies, the brussel sprouts, the mac and cheese (I ate 1 noodle...the lactose...)  was delicious. Mealtime was killer too. I shared the braised short rib and salmon with Christina Y. Short rib was phenom, salmon a little overcooked but it's all good, still tasty! And then dessert arrived. Every. Single. Dessert on the menu. I decided to throw caution to the wind and fork a taste at each and definitely felt like the sweet potato pie was the clear winner. I don't even remember everything else because that stood out as perfection in a pie. MMM. Thanks Gabi M for a great recommendation and for allowing me to eat pie!Know Before You Go: It can be noisy, so if you're looking for a quiet evening alone, grab a corner of the restaurant where it's less rowdy or prepare to be exhilarated the sights and sounds.
4	A restaurant whose mantra is "Come Together." How bad can it be? The question for this place is how far from bad is it? I'm a fan now. What's more is I think I could be friends with the owner. Anyone who puts up pictures of Audrey Hepburn and Julia Child, two icons I've always respected, in the ladies' rooms is good peoples. The vibe here is very warm and welcoming. One of the owners greeted me at the door with "Get yourself out of the cold!" I liked how even though he was wearing a plaid shirt and casual pants, he wasn't taking away from the upscale vibe. The only thing he took away was pretentiousness.Love the not too daunting menu. My gal pals and I split the country pate--made with ground chicken. It was very good but I liked the other things on the plate--cheese, pickles, sundried tomato and fried capers. Their brussel sprouts appetizer was very yummy. The sprouts were cooked just right. I had the beef bourguignon shepherd's pie. Perfect with the nippy weather. Mashed potatoes of course were piped on top. You could taste some wine the sauce which really makes a difference--in a good way. Meat was tender enough. One friend had the chicken and dumplings which had a nice flavor. I'd go back to try that. My other friend had tender short rib with a red wine reduction. It was excellent--texture, taste of the reduction. Hope to go back to try that as my entree. My friend got a side of mac n'cheese with pancetta/bacon. It was decent. They don't use very sharp cheese for those that prefer cheddar. It wasn't quite as good as Bliss/Rebar mac n'cheese. As for dessert, we had that picked out before the appetizers. Chocolate-dipped bacon 'smores were the crowning touch. Marshmallows were toasty and gooey. It came with some whipped peanut butter that was heaven with the graham cracker and marshmallow. The bacon and chocolate was really good together. Though the bacon was a little too salty. There were a few bites where I somehow tasted more bacon than chocolate and the saltiness was a bit overpowering. But everything together was just scrumptious. A woman at a table nearby was staring in awe. We told her it's a must to get. Definitely happy to expand my restaurant radar. I feel like the last few times I've gone to eat, it's always been a FOX restaurant or something in the Ticoz-Fez-Switch trifecta. Glad to branch out!
5	It's been a few weeks since I ate at Beckett's, so those sharp details of the event have faded just a little from my mind's eye, but I just spent the last 10 minutes reliving my meal there and as it turns out, It was pretty great.Apps. And I'm not talkin' the downloadable kind, although there are some appetizers here that just might be as addictive as Angry Birds. Beckett's made brussel sprouts sexy, which was the first brussel sprout magic trick I saw that night. The second was performed by our massive group; a disappearing act. I'm usually left to demolish what's left on plates but was actually kind of pouty when there were no sprouts left for me to kill. Get 'em. I was less impressed by the mac n' cheese but I'd still get it again. Roasted veggies were solid and little enchiladas were zingy.I ordered the pork osso buco confit which I think I remember being outstanding. I ate it so fast it's probable that it was absolutely remarkable but I didn't take the time to savor it and its puffy little risotto bed. That's usually a sing that it was incredible.And then dessert. Which one? All of them. A forkfull (and then some) of all of them. Yes to the creme brulee, yes to the cobbler, say wha? to the chocolate covered bacon s'mores (do it, if for no other reason than to tell your friends about it) and oh hexyes to the fig and pecan pie. I'm a die-hard pie guy and this stuff was sugary delight between two crusts served on a plate.Food wise, these guys are pushing the five-star mark, so add in tremendous service and an atmosphere where you really do feel like friends coming to sit at your pal Beckett's table and you've got one of the Valley's best places to break bread with buds.
4	Let me start my review with a confession. The only thing that I could possibly dislike about Beckett's Table is that it's not in Denver. Loves:- The comfy, cozy layout, nice big open kitchen where you can watch all the action, and the rustic yet sophisticated table setting with copper napkin rings, short and stocky water glasses, and vases with a simple wild flower. - Everything on the menu. It was very difficult to choose from all the comforting stick-to-your ribs goodies like country pate, beef bourguignon, short ribs, matzo ball soup, chicken and dumplings......wow.- Five stars for the appetizers. Roasted veggies were spot-on delicious, the new spin on mac and cheese was refreshing to see, and loved how the rock shrimp enchiladas were served in a tiny cast iron skillet.- If you remember anything I say, save room for dessert! I sampled a bite of everything, and my faves were the mini s'mores with chocolate covered bacon, the pear/blueberry cobbler served in a little pot, and creme brulee.- Again with the bathrooms, Arizona. I dug the sliding doors, and the glass bricks which almost made you feel like you could look into the neighboring restroom. Is that weird?- Order an adult bev, my friends. Your mouth will thank you.- Even though we had a very large party, the waitstaff handled us with ease and I don't remember a mishapThen why not five stars, LL Cool L, you say? It was almost, almost a five. Nearly everything was spot on except that I fumbled on ordering my main, the daily salmon special. It was definitely outshined by the atmosphere, drinks, apps, other people's dishes, and dessert.Note: We were lucky enough to snag rock star parking, but just be aware that it's a strip mall setting so you may have to hunt for a spot. Weird, right?
4	Camped out at a table for hours with clients and never felt rushed by the amazing service even thought it was Valentine's. In fact, our meal was carefully orchestrated for perfect timing by our server so that every course came out just when we were ready. The appetizers were perfect for sharing, full of flavor and priced reasonably so that we could order several (we ordered off 5 on the menu). The main courses were very flavorful as well and were the perfect portion sizes to ensure dessert would be the cards. Favorites were the grilled cheese ap, the short ribs entree and the smores w/ bacon dessert. Will go back again for sure.
4	I was pretty excited to try Beckett's and I have been back 4 times in 2 months so I consider myself a devoted fan. They did an excellent job of remodeling the old place (whose name we shall not mention). And no matter how busy they are I have never had a wait for a table. Here's the breakdown of what I have tried:Grilled cheese with pancetta and roasted red pepper tomato soup - 3 starsRock shrimp, corn and butternut squash enchiladas in a guajillo sauce - 3 starsShort ribs, mashed potatoes, green beans, red wine reduction - 4 star (when they say fork tender they mean it and the reduction is amazing)Brussels sprouts, pancetta and manchego, in a lemon thyme vinaigrette - 5 Gazillion Stars, best I've had in a restaurant.And to top it all off (Damn you Georgie S.)chocolate dipped bacon s'mores - They come on a plate with  caramel, marshmallow creme,  peanut butter, and a graham cracker- 4 starsThe patio will be a nice place to hang out when the weather gets a bit warmer, and one day I may even go back and try a cocktail.
4	I am new to Phoenix, and trying to check out restaurants each week. Let me just say that Beckett's Table rocks! Although the location is in a strip mall, the atmosphere is cool but casual, and we were seated next to (but not outside on) a great patio area. They have a nice wine selection, and some great mixed drinks, including a Pimm's Cup. I had a nice glass of Pinot Noir that was recommended by the bartender.The only disappointment was the appetizer we all shared.  It was a brussels sprouts dish, and it could have used a bit more flavor/seasoning.  Kind of bland, something I could have just rustled up at home. Oh well.The main dishes, however, did not disappoint. I had the osso buco confit with butternut spaetzle...delicious! My co-horts had the chicken and dumplings (homemade dumplings...fab) and the short ribs (these were good, but not as great as I would have hoped...needed "something" else).  The staff was great and attentive, and I will definitely go back!
5	Wow! This charming restaurant is just what Phx needs! A food and wine lovers homerun with great attention to detail every where you look. The staff from front to back was spot on and makes you feel like a regular customer on your first visit!What started off with a quick beer at the bar while waiting for a walk in table turned into a charming and elegant dinner with our own personal dining experience at the bar with a great foody/bartender  who took us on our Beckets journey!I HIGHLY recommend Becketts Table with only one reservation... I would hate for it to get so popular that I couldn't get right in! Thank you for delighting my taste buds! Brook
4	Like this place alot, but I think the menu needs to expand and the wines a bit pricey. Also the bacon smores were pretty nasty...
4	I strongly recommend reservations when coming here and its so easy to do when using opentable --couldn't be easier as my friend and I were seated immediately on a busy Friday night at 7:30 p.m.  We decided to split a few appetizers, sides and a dessert.  Macaroni & Cheese with Pancetta Brussell Sprouts (i usually HATE these but I actually enjoyed them)Bacon and Cheddar Biscuits with Apple honey butter Grilled Cheese with Tomato BisqueChocolate covered bacon s'mores with graham crackers, homemade toasted marshmallow, whipped peanut butter and caramel drizzle. The waiter was fantastic! Very attentive and quick to refill my friend's ice tea whenever it was low even though they were extremely busy.  We loved the ambience of the crowded feeling of the room. I know some people may find this to be distracting but this was one of the reasons for the visit. We were really hoping that the seating was going to be more communal instead of seperated. I like the homestyle/comfort feeling and will definately be returning. Again --make reservations.  Also.. I always check out bathrooms (i have no idea why) and these are fantastic. I like the barn door style and may need to steal the idea for my own house.
4	This restaurant proves the theory that good food in Phoenix sells, no matter what the location.  Becketts Table is found in what was previously an Italian restaurant that never had a wait or what appeared to be more than two cars in the parking lot.  Now, as Becketts Table, your lucky to get a reservation on Friday or Saturday and even luckier to go on a weekday and not find a line of people waiting in the rears.  The interior of the restaurant has been completely renovated and it looks great.  Whenever I see an open kitchen, i cant help but think it gives some credibility to the kitchen ethic.Myself and companion started out with the chicken liver pate and the appetizer special of the night, a pork belly enchilada.  Both appetizers were a real treat and something I would not generally find around my local restaurants here in Arcadia.  For the entrees I had the short ribs and my companion had the chicken and dumplings.  The short ribs were very tasty and by the amount of orders going out of the kitchen, I can tell its a big hit.  The chicken and dumplings were a solid dish, but I think I would have liked a side of rice or some starch to go with it.  Service was right on point, environment was great and the food was extremely solid.  I would recommend this place to anyone and I will be back soon to enjoy it again myself.
4	Sometimes you have to listen to an album 3 times before you decide if you like it, love it or loathe it.... For this reason, i'm really trying to resist the temptation to review a spot after just one visit.  This weekend i hit Beckett's for the third time.Everyone is raving about Beckett's and with fair reason, it's pretty good.  But let's drill down a bit further and see if it's really all it's cracked up to be.  Apps: * Brussels Sprouts are good, but i think it's just a trendy item to toss onto your menu these days.  * The enchiladas are alright, but they don't "wow" anyone.  let's face it... this just isn't the place for enchiladas in the PHX.  * What is wrong with this: "beckett's original grilled cheese with pancetta (aka bacon)"  [Hint: "aka"] Pancetta is not Bacon.  Pancetta, like bacon, is also made from pork belly,  But pancetta is rolled and cured, bacon is smoked. The flavor is decidedly different.  Mains:* The short ribs are great... but then again, i never met a short rib that i didnt like.  I'm a sucker for short ribs on a menu.  * Chicken & Dumplings... major let down.  (They were out of short ribs, so i asked the server for a reco.)  Dumplings were pretty uneventful.  Chicken was tender, but dude... its chicken.  *  Tasted the Osso Buco and it was pretty tasty.  Cocktails and Beer:Drinks are well poured and fairly inventive.  Not too shabby.Beer list is so so... some 4peaks and a Stella.  nothing really exciting.  Dessert:i *love* the hot/cold combo, so i'll practically make love to anything "a la mode"   ....naturally the poached pear & blueberry cobbler with ice cream was on my list.   It was about 6000 degrees and you couldnt really taste it.  Also, the icecream was tiny and you need more for the cobbler.However, the chocolate covered bacon (note: not pancetta, so they clearly know the difference, they just think you are dumb when you read the apps menu.) and PB s'mores were to die for!  Seriously... this desert is creative, delicious and hands down the best $5 you'll spend all night.  Bottom line is... Beckett's is pretty good grub, nice ambiance (for a strip mall) and a pretty good menu.  The food isnt amaaaaaaaazing, but it's worth checking out.  If you do anything, come for the s'mores.  3.6 stars.... okay fiiiiiiiine... 4.
4	Romantic, urban and cozy.  Three things I love in any restaurant.  It's a little pricey but a great place to go for a special occasion.  Order the osso bucco, it's divine.  Leave room for dessert, and if you are a fan of sangria, such as myself, I'd recommend ordering that too.Our server was incredibly polite (as well as the gentleman who didn't let our water classes even get to half full).
5	This recent addition to the Phoenix restaurant scene is a wonderful experience. The ambiance is a nice balance of stylish and homey. The feel is slightly upscale but completely accessible. It's telling that when we went in, the tables around us included couples out for a romantic night, larger groups of friends, and families out for a nice night.The food is fantastic without being fussy. Just simple, straightforward and superbly done. We started with the grits & sausage trio which seemed modestly sized at first, but was so rich that it ended up being just right.I had the short ribs with mashed potatoes, and the ribs were to die for. Rich, moist, and you could cut them with feather. My group also had the pork osso buco with spaetzle. While the ribs were tops, the osso buco was similarly tender and the spaetzle the perfect accompaniment. They have some great signature drinks. The Legend City Cocktail was light and fresh with a little kick from the bourbon & bitters.Our server was extremely friendly and knowledgeable (our orders were based on her recommendations). The staff in general is very congenial, and I could see the owner floating between tables throughout the night.What topped it for me was that I'd made the reservation for my sister's birthday. After we left, they apparently realized this and so sent me an email apologizing that they didn't realize while we were there, and offered us a free dessert the next time there. They were already on my list of must-return restaurants, but that personal touch and going the extra mile really sealed it for me.
2	I'm afraid I'm going to have to dissent from the majority here and say that we were very disappointed by this place.  We wanted to love it - great location, inviting atmosphere, very reasonably priced comfort food menu - we could use a place like this on our restaurant rotation.  Alas, that is not to be.  The problem is the food.  Everything else was perfect and the service was excellent but I'm sorry to say, this is some of the blandest food I've ever had.  There were four of us at dinner and nobody liked their food.  Every dish was OK (as in edible) but nothing was particularly good. Every dish was under-seasoned and under-salted. Every single dish, from the bread to the dessert. A few specifics:Chopped Salad - As someone else commented, it looked like a child threw some things on a plate. That's spot on.  And peanut brittle?  Just say no to that idea please.Osso Buco Confit -  Dry  and completely devoid of flavor, and a rather small portion on top of it.   Accompanied by a tablespoon of (once again) under-salted spaetzle.   Bread - Again, bland  - There were four of us and we didn't finish our small bread basket.  Everybody tried it and the reaction was, "ehh."Fruit Cobbler - A ramekin of fruit in syrup with ice cream is not a "cobbler."  A cobbler implies either a pastry or biscuit topping.  There was none.  Very, very disappointing.Pecan Pie.  A very poor execution of this American classic. Again, completely devoid of flavor.The drinks were quite good and the service was excellent and friendly to a fault.  I love the idea of this place and I love the menu, but the food just did not deliver.
5	I have to say... I am really happy I found becketts table! It was only after a 15 minute yelp search of restaurants that were: A. Open on a Sunday, B. Good for my kids and C. Close to the Clarendon hotel where we were staying... Great search engine, and away we go...I was able to get a reservation for 715, and the place was packed! The atmosphere was awesome... Huge ceilings... Spacious room, yet it felt quaint, a great buzz, and the hostesses/manager were great. We checked in, they had a table right away for us, and when my daughter wanted to sit outside, they were accommodating and quickly set the table. Our greet was a few minutes behind, but the hostess had already brought crayons, paper, and these great "eye spy" things... A great touch. This place is perfect for kids, and parents who love innovative, flavorful, thoughtful food.The menu read great. My eye quickly went to the pork osso bucco for an entree, and I chose the romaine salad with pickled beets and pancetta. Salad was good.  The beets absolutely made it... If they weren't there, it would have been an ok Caesar...the pancetta was ok, thought it would have been better either as larger pieces of crisp, or lardon style, these were bacon bit size.  The entree was perfect. Super tender pork, spoon tender... The carrots and Brussels were great. I have had some really bad versions of spatzel in my life...this was pretty good, though not really hot.  Overall, the best version of this dish I have had. (sorry this is so long) service was efficient, and quick after the pause from the greet and water... Although both were apologized for. Server was great with kids, quick with cocktail and wine recommended by the house. Only negatives were no bread offered or served, entree came as salad was still there (although this night it was very ok... By 8, kids were wiped.  Thanks becketts kitchen... We will definitely be back, and will recommend to friends in tucson and phx area!
5	I love the food!!  If I lived in Phoenix this would be my favorite restaurant!Comfort food at it's best.  I have to say that it is probably not the best place for an intimate dinner for two.  It is lively and full of young people at the bar but very noisy.  We did request a quiet table and they put us in the back which was nice.I had the Pork Osso Bucco.  I am still dreaming about it!   I just got back from Spain where pork is king (and delicious) and I can tell you that it was cooked to perfection.   The pork had a subtle sweet flavor that was not overpowered by BBQ sauce as in most American restaurants.  The butternut spaetzel was absolutely delicious!  We ordered the brussel sprouts for appetizers.  I can tell you that this is the first time in my life that I actually enjoyed brussel sprouts.  They were to die for.  My BF had the salmon and it was cooked to perfection.  We had the pear/blueberry cobbler.  I thought it was very nice.  I likely that it was not doused in sugar.  I actually tasted the pears and blueberry.  Our waitress Allison was very nice and patient.  We were not rushed at all.I will definitely make it back to this place!!!!  (Does this guy have a cookbook????)
4	ok, I have eaten here a few times. My wife has eaten here once a week since they have opened. Overall, the idea and concept is great. Good food at fair prices. The cocktails and wine are all reasonable. I have had great dishes and bad dishes (chicken and dumplings). The food to me is 3 stars. I can never get a consistent meal. 3 good meals 2 bad meals, 1 average meal. I know what to order now and what to stay away from. If your looking for outstanding food...this is not for the foodie. It's good comfort food. That being said! What makes this place stand out is the service and management. They have always gone out of there way to be a step up on every body else. They always greet us and the owner is willing to come by and chat about food, wine, service, or any thing else you want. The service to me is 5 stars. If you want the best relaxed experience sit at the bar and enjoy the scenery of the hustle and bustle of the restaurant. The bartenders are great and always engaging. I wish them continued success!
5	Ahhh, here's to the good life, and here's to Beckett's Table, where the good life happens daily.I was looking for a great place for a first date/birthday celebration, and I was torn between Rokerij and Hillstone. I contacted Gabi, to ask her what her expert opinion would be, and she was kind enough to recommend Beckett's Table (BT), and put me in touch with the manager to get a good reservation (Gabi-you rock!).Arriving at BT at 7:30, the reservation was there with no problems, and we were seated at a cozy table off to the side. Our server, Josh, was great and explained the specials and got our drink orders. I had the Palmaire, and it was very, very good. So good, that I started thinking that my car might spend the night in Arcadia, while I cab it home.For dinner, I had the short ribs, and my date had the green chili stew. Thanks to Yelper recommendations, we added the mac&cheese side dish. All the food was outstanding, and my date was awesome, she was beautiful, smart, and funny (in case you were wondering).I found the prices very reasonable for the portions, and the quality of the food. I am confused by complaints that it is pricey, it is easily less expensive than Houston's, Rokerij, etc. There is a reason this place has so much buzz, and it is well deserved. The one thing I would suggest as an improvement, would be to do a little something when people make reservations and note a special event. A good example is Durant's when you make a reservation, they always ask if you're celebrating anything, and if you are, Durant's is kind enough to provide a comped dessert of their choosing. Don't get me wrong, I am not dissing BT, just making a suggestion. If you've been to Durant's and experienced it, it really is a nice, classy touch that keeps everyone coming back.Hopefully I get a second date with this amazing woman, but if not, we'll always have Beckett's Table, and you can bet I will be back.
4	I went to Beckett's Table on a Wednesday night with the fabulous Aileen B. I was dying to try this place because she made my mouth water after reading her review. The pictures that on on yelp do not do this place justice. It is alot bigger than it appears and it is wide open. They are also already expanding the patio after only being open for a few months. We started off with some drinks, I had the classic painkiller which reminds me of a pina colada and you do feel like you are on a beach somewhere sipping on a cool refreshing drink. Aileen had a glass of white wine which for the life of me, I cannot remember but she did enjoy it and that is all that counts. We ordered some mac and cheese and roasted brussel sprouts as an appetizer. OMG! People always seem to not enjoy the yummy goodness of brussel sprouts and believe me, this brussel sprouts were extra yummy. They were roasted to perfection and had shaved manchego cheese, pancetta, and had the sweet taste from the yummy lemon thyme vinaigrette. I am still drooling over those brussel sprouts as they really were that good. The mac and cheese was also divine. It was the creamy white mac and cheese with little bits of pancetta sprinkled very lightly over it. Between the brussel sprouts, mac and cheese and the warm house bread with the honey butter, who needs a main course? ME! duh. So for the main course, I decided to order pork osso bucco. I was so excited about it because I had read how great it was in Aileen's review and I just had to try it. Well, unfortunately it was not all that great. The osso bucco was a little dry to me and I found that I am not a fan of spatezle as it had no flavor to me at all. I literally was moving my food around my plate like kid to make it seem like I was eating it. Aileen ordered wood fire mussels and she said they were good but needed a little bit more salt. I am not one to return my dish if I am not happy, but when our lovely waitress Rebecca came over to ask how the meal was, Aileen (bless her heart) let her know that I was not enjoying it. Rebecca asked if she could get me something else, but since I had my heart set on this dish, I politely declined. Well, to our surprise, Rebecca came back a few minutes later to let us know that they were not only comping the dish, but they were giving us the death by chocolate dessert as a treat. WOW! I was floored. That was very generous of them. The dessert was fabulous. Warm chocolate cake with a scoop of ice cream and a oreo cookie that was dipped in white chocolate. Yum. The drinks were delightful, the brussel sprouts were heavenly, the mac and cheese was creamy, the dessert was sinful, and my company was fabulous! Even though I did not like my main course, I will definitely be back to try something else as the service was great and they went above and beyond. Extra, extra special thanks to Aileen for inviting me and to my surprise treating me to dinner for my birthday.
4	really enjoyed my first visit to Beckett's Table. You can tell the owners are professional restaurateurs, the presentation is impeccable and precise from start to finish. All the little touches are definitely noticed.The only criticism I have is that I really did not care for the lemonade. It is sweetened with honey and at least the drinks we had were WAY heavy on the honey, it was more like honeyade.The mac and cheese with pancetta is a MUST. Pancetta is NOT bacon, it's much better! In fact quite a few dishes use the pancetta, for which I am grateful. Looking forward to a return visit!
4	With spring break and spring training in Phoenix this week, many of my favorite restaurants were completely booked.  After calling about ten different restaurants only to hear there were no reservations until after 9pm, I decided to give this place a try.  I had heard great reviews of this new restaurant.  There was no wait when we arrived and we were able to sit outside and enjoy the beautiful weather on the patio.  The menu had a lot of great sounding items and our server recommended the Osso Bucco and the Short Ribs.  I decided on the chopped salad to start and the Short Ribs for my entree.  Both dishes were very good.  My companion tried the Osso Bucco which was not as tasty as my dish and seemed to be lacking in the amount of meat for the price.  My son tried the kid's sliders which also were very tasty.  And last but not least, we finished the meal with the chocolate cake which was delicious.  The service was highly attentive although the food took way to long to come out (they were not busy at all).  Also, the food seems to be a bit overpriced.  Overall, we enjoyed our meal and will probably be back.
3	Really sharp decor.  Decent service but nothing special.  Busy, even late night on a weekday so not too inviting or personalized.Can't say that I was too impressed with their mixed drinks.Selected the grilled cheese and tomato soup as a starter.  Divine.  Vegtable Chop Salad with pumpkin brittle was so tasty.
1	Update: Updating my original review because I had rave reviews about this place, but after tonight I have to seriously downgrade my rating. The service was awful, our server "Brian" started off the evening with a superb and arrogant display of his English knowledge and proceeded to tell us that their wine "special" for the night was cheap crap when I inquired.... Then why is it on the menu??? Then, I ordered my favorite dish - the mussels and there was a spoiled one in there. Have you ever tasted a spoiled mussel? I have never ever tasted spoiled seafood at a good restaurant. It tastes like rotten eggs, but you can taste it in your mouth for hours to come... and hopefully you won't puke it up later. NASTY!!!  The server barely acknowledged this and the manager stated that "that's mother nature for you". Excuse me? I understand the risks of eating seafood, but you should never handle a complaint like that... an "I'm so sorry," would have been the minimal acceptable response. Finally, everyone was getting free mini desserts (some chocolate cake thing) and our server never brought ours.. very obviously... and never comped us for the mussels... not even a 10% discount... If they treat their loyal customers in such a manner, especially on their first anniversary, then I think there are other restaurants where I can become loyal instead. ***********************************************************************   Original review:   Addicting! Roasted mussels are to die for!!! I keep getting this. The appetizer menu could use some work, but the desserts make up for it. Chocolate bacon s'mores and the pint of Guiness desserts are fascinating. Service is excellent and atmosphere is inviting. It's really busy though, so you better have a reservation. Nice addition to the hood!!! Finally.
4	The best service I have received from a local restauarant in a LONG time. Greeted at the door and qucikly you can feel the positive vibe circling the room. I ordered the shrimp enchiladas and a palmaire cocktail (awesome), Hubby had a painkiller and mini grilled cheese with side of tomato red pepper soup. You get a hot fresh bread basket along side of honey butter. TO DIE! definately worth another visit even if it's for drinks and dessert.
4	YUM I loved Beckett's Table. We were greeted by two friendly hosts, and chose to sit inside, but definitely plan on enjoying the weather on the patio next time. I was referred here by a friend who had went and raved about it.Our server was very helpful in recommending his favorites and helping me choose my dinner, the fire roasted green chile pork stew. Amazing! Definitely would order it again. We also split bacon cheddar biscuits which were very good.Overall I had a really enjoyable experience with both the service and the food and will absolutely be bringing friends back.
1	If this wasn't some of the WORST food. Four people everyone ordering different entres and apps and there wasn't one thing that was good. The closest thing to good was the oso buco pork but even that dish had all kinds of problems. The green pork chile was watery, bland and chared on the top. It was sent back but no manager was sent over and you could see smiles come from the open kitchen when it was returned. It was taken off the check but who runs this place. The shrimp enchilada app was worse than something you would buy frozen and put it in the microwave. PLEASE don't waste your time or money on this place, PLEASE!
4	Comfort. Let me spell it out for ya Mary. Cool!Oh sooo goodModern. Urban. CozyFabulous. Fabulous staff. Fabulous clientele. Fabulous room.Oh sooo good.Relaxed. Yet energetic. Vibrant. T. Hmmm. T...Totally will visit again!The seared tuna app was outstanding with a crusty, herbed seared edge. My chicken and dumplings was okay...we were seated around nine and kitchen closes at ten. Dumplings were a little, well, stiff. Much like my rigid right wing cousin. I was missing Bisquick lol. Beef bourgoninase was outstanding. And the "smore" dessert was more miss than hit for me. VERY difficult to eat. Perhaps it was the bottle of wine that made it difficult to navigate the deconstructed dessert...or the intense light from the fullest moon EVAH!Great time. Good food. Great service. Good God. I will. Be. Back.
4	First impressions was love the decor and the layout! Cozy, yet modern, loved all the attention to every single detail. No corner is missed!  But it was rather warm tucked back in the corner by the kitchen. Being it was one of our first mid 90's day for AZ and we have to get adjusted :-)We were greeted with smiles everywhere we turned and felt incredibly welcome. I'm sure that it didn't hurt that I had a little cutie with me as I had brought  one of my four kiddos, my 5 year old daughter, (I know I know, I'm a bit biased!) Service was painfully slow to start, but he also had been triple sat. Through the dinner  he was caught up, apologetic and attentive, and saved the experience, as service for me can break it no matter how good the food is. The table next to us added to a delightful experience with friendly conversation and both of us having the same taste in wine! I loved that there were kids items available for her (grilled cheese, fries AND fruit with a cookie for her). Reading the menu and I zeroed in on the Short Ribs. They did not fail to impress and you nailed the red wine reduction! Rock shrimp enchiladas to start and they were equally as good. Had to try the cheddar bacon biscuits with apple butter and we both agreed they were delicious! Was tempted for the death by chocolate and wish I had gone for it as the March dessert: Brownie with ice cream and meringue was unimpressive missing decadence. The price point is very fair and reasonable.As we were leaving the entire kitchen said good-bye and it was a great feeling knowing that when I said we'd be back, I meant it! Great job Beckett's Table! You have captured my attention and I have already shared with many what great restaurant you are to visit!
5	I prepared myself to be disappointed after all the yelp hype of this place but fortunately I was not in the slightest. Our server, Allison, was just as friendly as can be and we were treated like maybe we were her best friends and I just forgot. The restaurant itself is beautiful where the devil is in the details. From an open kitchen to fresh flowers throughout, the decor exceeded my expectations. I started with their wedge salad with green goddess dressing ($6) and my better half had the roasted red pepper and tomato with sweet corn cream ($6). Although the salad was good, I wished I had have chosen the soup as it was excellent. If you like tomato soup, this would be a good choice. For our entrees, I ordered the house signature wood fired mussels with shallot white wine & fennel broth ($18) I am a "originally from Seattle" food snob and know good seafood. These mussels were fresh and the fennel broth was perfect. The mister ordered the fish of the day, a pan fried cod fillet with fresh veggies (our server said the veg was purchased earlier in the day from the farmers market) and lemon butter sauce ($19). This dish too was a thumbs up. For desert we ordered the poached pear & blueberry cobbler ($5) served with a ginger snap steusel and house-made honey vanilla ice cream. Yes it is as good as it sounds. Believe the hype, this place is as good as it gets!
4	Above all, the food stood out in what was a memorable dining experience. Mussels were sublime, very tender but not mushy, in a sauce that complimented the shellfish well. Seems to be a solid choice for a great dinner. The service was friendly, attentive and prompt. Will be back next time I'm in town.
5	We were looking for a nicer dinner near our hotel in Phoenix . Yelp brought this one to my attention and everything in the reviews looked good. They looked like they had a fantastic menu and a little bit of that comfort food style that always hits home. We made reservations on their website, though we likely did not need them for a Thursday. We arrived a bit early and they had no trouble seating us. I think the outdoor seating in an early evening would be great, but we were seated in the back. No problem, it was still early spring. David and his assistant were helping us with our orders and giving us great recommendations. It felt very cozy and the service was excellent from the get go!The restaurant had a modern yet rustic feel with exposed wood and beautiful details. The bar table as you walk in was gorgeous! Everything in this place looked elegant and yet homey. Great look.We ordered the Mac and Cheese (because it is almost impossible to pass up), Short ribs and the Osso Buco (which I had been unsure about). Talk about hitting it all spot on. Everything was delicious and perfectly prepared. The Osso buco turned out to be the best dish. It was so tender and moist. I would order this again in a second. I was a little less impressed with the short ribs, but they were still good. The mac and cheese was very yummy.Overall our experience was a total 5. Maybe even higher if allowed. The service felt so personalized and our wait staff really took excellent care of us. They were so helpful and never let the water glasses go down. The answered any questions we had and were patient. They walked by often to check on us, but were never disruptive. Loved it. Every restaurant should be taught this type of service. And, we spent only $45 before tip. HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE. All around perfect dining experience!
5	My boyfriend and I went here on a double date last week...DELICIOUS DELICIOUS DELICIOUS!! Food is wonderful.COCKTAILS ARE FABULOUS!!AMBIANCE IS FABULOUS!SERVICE IS BEST IN TOWN (Sit in Tracy's section she is the best server any of  us had EVER had).I cant say enough good things about our experience.
4	I have been wanting to try this restaurant for a long time and finally did. I had very high expectations and most of them were met.Very large and roomy inside. Lots of space between tables. Love the simplicity of the tables. White cloth, simple glasses, little vase with a fresh, simple flower.  Decor was simplistic. Earthy, environmentally friendly looking and a bit retro in some respects.  The waiter was professional and friendly. He was happy to give suggestions.  The help was amazing. Always refilling our water glasses even though we had a bottle of water on the table. We never filled our glasses ourselves. The staff stayed on top of everything.  Wedge salad was pretty good with the Green Goddess dressing. I'm not sure what the bitterness was from though.  Grilled cheese appetizer was delicious.  I ordered the mahi special.  I'm not sure why the shrimp in it tasted like it was previously frozen. My dish was nothing special but the ambience and service made up for it.  I would go back to see what else I could try.  I'd be up for another adventure.
5	Recommend. Especially if by the airport. Eclectic clientele. Good ambience. Great grits.
5	NOW this is a place to go to indulge!!  You must try the zucchini pancakes and the becketts grilled cheese!! OMG talk about FABULOUS and DELICIOUS!!  Both of those starters are heaven in your mouth or least they were in my mouth...hahaha...Then you have to try the wood fired mussels and the "b" burger...OMG I absolutely love the Houtons and Delux burger but this now is a tie for my favorite!  The mussels are just as amazing.  If you are a mussel fan and you like to dip the bread in the broth you will die!  You will just want to keep asking for the toast that they give you!  Just know if you fill up on bread you will not have enough room for dessert!  I tried the chocolate dipped bacon smores!!!! OOOOOOO--MMMMMMMM-GGGGG!!  You may think that this sounds kind of off...but just think...the salty taste of bacon with the sweet taste of chocolate and caramel and marshmellow...it is to die for...just try it...it may sound a little interesting but I promise you that you will not be disappointed or upset!  I had a miss katies pimms cup and it was delicous and refreshing! I want to come back and try new things!  This might need to become a new place of mine!  I love it and it deserves to be on of the best restaurants in the valley!  I love the atmospshere and our waitress was so sweet and she really helped us pick good food.  But I haev no doubt that everything on the menu is AMAZING!! GO HERE GO HERE GO HERE!!!!!!
2	We wanted to try Beckett's Table since it opened and went with much excitement. I read from the reviews that experiences were vastly mixed, but hoped for the best. We were definitely disappointed. Let me say that I rarely would review a restaurant because I am not a restaurant critic and I think it is so extremely subjective. But this was such a blaaaahhhh experience that I have to speak up. This was all service related, honestly. There were so many opportunities for our whole experience (or at least our attitude about it) to be turned around that it is almost comical. The restaurant is lovely. It is clear that much attention went into the design. Love the open kitchen.....the restrooms were spotless and very nicely executed (I would love to know how many fingers just HAVE to touch the broken glass light feature there). We were offered to wait for inside but since it was a lovely evening and there was no wait for the patio, we chose to be seated there for our party of 3 at 7pm on a Wednesday night. This was a great choice because the decibel level inside the restaurant was deafening. A waiter came over about 10 minutes after we were seated and asked for our drink order. Then another waiter delivered them about 5 minutes later. We never ever saw the first or second waiter again. And we waited...and we waited....and we waited. 31 minutes after we were seated, still with one member of our party having no drink in front of him a very harried waiter came over to take our order. It was clear that something had gone wrong somewhere....an on the fly firing? Someone walking off the job? Who knows...but he definitely did get dumped an additional station it was clear. That's not the issue. Things happen, but some acknowledgement that it was a very long wait should have been offered. We gave our order including a drink for our friend. Then about 10 minutes later a basket of rolls was set on the table. At this point it was close to 8 and we were starving....still no drink for our friend. So the next time the waiter ran by frazzled we stopped him and asked again. He had no idea what we were talking about, but quickly came around and the drink did show up. Food started arriving and here are our observations on the food itself:We shared quite a few dishes because 1) we wanted to try alot and 2) we had some dietary restrictions. We didn't order ANYTHING special or different than it appeared on the menu. Roaster Pepper/Tomato Soup:  Excellent but not exciting...you can get it all over townGazpacho-Shrimp Ceviche: ExcellentIceberg Wedge with Greeen Goddess Dressing: I loved this, but my two friends did not. I thought the flavor of the dressing was amazing and it was served perfectly. They felt it didn't quite hit the mark. Roasted Beets: AMAZING! We all loved this even though it was quite cold by the time it got to the tableSalmon on Baguette: I didn't love but my friends thought it was one of the best they had tried. It was a bit aspic-y for my taste although once i unearthed the capers I was a happy girl. Veggie Spaetzel: My friend was SO excited about this dish but it came cold and completely tasteless. We each put a serving on our plate and no one even finished that or went back for more. When the waiter came to clear the table he asked if  he should leave the spaetzel for us to "enjoy" and we remarked that we hadn't enjoyed it at all and he should take it away, which left a perfect opportunity for him to apologize and asked more details. Maybe even remove this $5 item from the bill? But he DIDN'T EVEN ACKNOWLEDGE WHAT WE SAID! We ordered dessert anyways since that was our biggest reason for going in the first place. We ordered coffee which was delicious and the darling busser/helper/whatever they call it that took our coffee order came back and let us know that they were brewing a fresh pot of decaf for us and that it would be 4 1/2 minutes and lo and behold, 5 minutes later we had coffee! Chocolate Covered Bacon Smores: OK...we were super excited about this and well...let's face it. Anything with this combination of ingredients can't be bad, but again, it didn't quite deliver. The homemade toasted marshmallows were gritty  and not gooey like we had hoped for. Fig Pie: To die for. Simply put. Delicious and perfect in every way. I never hold wait staff accountable in their tip for food that I don't like or don't think was well prepared, but in almost every single instance on this visit, any problems were either a direct result of their time management or lack of customer service. We are not difficult people and have a glass half full approach to life. The simplest gesture could have turned our whole experience around. I did something i haven't done in 20 years which is to tip under 20% and even that we probably shouldn't have done but I had to on some level believe that perhaps the management had more involvement of this than was seen to our eyes.
2	Our much anticipated first visit to Justin Becketts new restaurant turned out to be our last.  Arriving at just before 7 with 2 friends on a Wednesday, the only available seating according to the hostess was outside, at the bar, at the communal table even though there were several emp0ty 4 tops in the dining room and no one waiting.  We choose the patio which was surprsingly pleasant considering its a few yards away from busy Indian School Rd. After many minutes we were finally greeted by a waiter that we never saw again, Another long interval passes and finally a different waiter informs us he will be serving us now.  We give our drink order and after another 10 minutes I have to flag him down too find out where my drink is and he tells me i didnt order one then says "oh yeah I forgot". Finally 35 minutes after being seated I get a drink. We order several apps, salads nd soups to share .  Our observations.  The roasted beets were great, perfectly cooked and seasoned, the salmon was tasty and came with nice condiments the wedge salad was limp and had an odd metallic aftertaste, the gazpacho was delicious, perfectly seasoned and well balanced and the roasted pepper soup was also a hit.  The spatzel was cold, greasy and flavorless.  For dessert we had to try the bacon smores and were routinely disappointed.  The marshmellow was unspreadable, the graham crackers were out of a box and overal it didnt come together.  The fig and pecan pie fared much better with a well balanced filling off set by the cream cheese ice cream. The coffee was terrific.\Throughout, the service was, choppy, sporadic and unattentive.  There was no attempt to rectify the situation, apologize, or even acknowledge the problems.  A simple comment saying we apologize for the difficulties, please come back and give us another chance would have left us feeling much better about the whole experience but alas, no comment came.With the abundace of great restaurants who care about the service they provide and offer a menu consistently creative and high caliber I don't know why anyone would go here.  Restaurants are not doing you a favor serving you and you shouldn't be treated as such.
5	We went here last night and thoroughly enjoyed everything about our experience... the food was perfectly on the mark... we had the grilled cheese appetizer, chicken and dumplings and braised short ribs for mains and peaches and cream for dessert... now all this sounds very ho-hum but it was the extra touches that made it so incredible...once we placed our orders, they brought us out rolls served with this incredible sweet apple butter... heaven! the outside of the roll was crunchy and the inside was so soft and tender... the grilled cheese is made with crispy pancetta (perfect!), a blend of four cheeses (that are melted to the perfect gooeyness) and toasted on a foccacia that was light and crispy.. this comes out with a side of tomato soup that compliments the grilled cheese perfectly...the chicken and dumplings was sensational.. the perfect blend of homey, comfort food with those extra touches that made it special.. like using sliced snap peas which maintained a nice crunch rather than the traditional sweet peas which tend to turn mushy and the subtle herby flavor hit the mark. The braised short ribs were incredibly tender, didn't need a knife at all and the mashed potatoes were great! perfect creamy texture but so flavorful on it's own and the green beans were cooked to just the right crispy-ness. by the time dessert came around, we were already so full we almost didn't get it, but we opted for the peaches and cream which came with a delightful, light mousse atop poached peaches topped with streussel.. it was very tasty.  it was a nice sweet end to a wonderful meal.
4	Great gourmet comfort food at reasonable prices. A great atmosphere and wait staff makes this a great all-around find!
3	Still a 3-star, still the same complaints. It might just be that the chefs don't know how to cook shellfish.We had the roasted beets and they were magnificent as were the grits. When my main dish came, steamed mussels, I was mighty disappointed in the quality of the mussels. Many, if not most, were shriveled and difficult to remove from their shells. Properly fresh and prepared mussels do not do this.I see real potential here and maybe I just need to stop ordering shellfish. I'll try the chicken and dumplings next time.
4	I have only been here once but I loved the place and can't wait to go back. The service was great and they have a wonderful drink menu including a beer list with local beer and a couple IPA's to choose from. We started with the cheddar biscuits which were without a doubt the best part of the meal. Our waitress even threw in a 4th one so everyone could have there own.The salads were good and so were the entrees. I loved my salmon which i would get again the next time I go. The special of the day, which was a southwest lasagna was also very good, as were the enchiladas. the only let down was the chicken and dumplings, which were bland, flavorless and lacking a good amount of chicken. Stay away from them.Other than that, this place was great. It was packed on a Friday night so be sure to make a reservation.
4	Another fantastic Yelp find! Beckett's Table was different right away, as soon as my group of eight sat down our waitress told us to relax, take our time, choose carefully and ask all the questions we wanted. You could tell she wanted us to have a great time, she had no desire to rush us and fit in another group, it was refreshing.    Beckett's Table is elegant in a simple way if that makes sense, it's not super dim lighting with expensive leather everywhere, it's lots of wood with an exposed ceiling, but still, the decorations with the big windows and warm color scheme mix perfectly and light the room up.    Appetizers are king here. The entrees are good, and I'll get to them, but they are a shadow compared to the starters. I began with a lovely drink, the classic painkiller #3, a pina colada but better type drink, it is delicious and fruity but started to wear a little towards the end of the glass, very sweet, we also tried flinn's dilemma, kind of a mojito but tasted mostly like lemonade, it was fine. We began chow with the salmon/potato/corn/spinach enchiladas, which are good as long as you like smokey, kind of chipotleish flavors, these are very strong and filling. Also, the cheddar biscuits and mac and cheese with pancetta are on point, both super tasty and good portions for just five bucks. The grilled cheese with tomato soup however is freaking amazing in my mouth. You are seriously missing out if you don't try this cheesy, pancetta packed appetizer.    Entree time. We tried the b burger, which got pretty general "it's good" reactions from everyone, but being fair we had recently been to Zinburger and, come on, who can complete with that? The chicken and dumplings were good but there was nothing exceptional about them, I would rather see some kind of a fresh take on a pot pie, there were no complaints, just no raving either. Two people got the green chile pork stew and liked it, but again no shouts of praise and adoration. I asked our waitress to bring me whatever she would order and ended up with the wood fired mussels, a big bowl of big mussels and four fairly large slices of garlic bread. The mussels were good, hard to get out of the shell but meaty and tasty once in your gullet. The broth in the bowl was tasty for bread dipping, but a little too sweet for my tastes, and the bread itself was good with a semi sweet garlic spread on it. Overall a good and hefty meal. We also tried a couple of deserts, the coffee creme brulee was delish but too coffee strong for my buds, the peaches and cream was a hit and the chocolate dipped bacon smores were a little chunk of heaven... big slabs of chocolate covered pig with toasted marshmallows, graham crackers and creamy peanut butter, for only six bucks you HAVE to get this dessert.    With strong service, nice ambiance, great starters, great deserts, good drinks and fair prices, Beckett's Table earns a strong four stars from me even with the somewhat lackluster entrees. If the entrees do pick up sometime soon, or I find one that blows me away, this could easily end up a new favorite restaurant of mine.
4	My husband and I loved it.  The food was delicious. The ambiance very comfortable and child friendly.  I needed to dip my fries in something other than ketchup so they came over and asked what they could whip up for me. Who does that?  She brought out a yummy, very hot :) honey mustard. They should offer it on the menu.You can also make reservations here on opentable.com
2	actually 2.5 stars, and that is to say, nothing memorable.  I  read tons of reviews on this place and wanted to love it.  Unfortunately from food to service, it just didn't deliver.  Save the spring vegetable spaetzle, nothing was good.  Here's what we had...the acclaimed cheddar bacon biscuits - positively overcooked.  The outsides weren't just crunchy; they were rock hard.  The insides were dry and flavorless.the zucchini pancakes - tasty but undercooked and greasy.b burger - though ordered well done, it came medium.  I know some foodies think well-done is gauche, but that's what my mom wants, that's what she orders so just deal with it and bring her what she wants.  And don't act all pissy about it when she sends it back.  vegetable chopped salad - such promise on the menu that fails to impress on the plate.  As other reviewers have said, it's an amateur salad and utterly lacking flavor or originality.  grilled salmon with panzanella - salmon was well-cooked but nothing special.  The panzanella salad was an interesting twist that just didn't work for anyone at the table - cornbread croutons that failed to absorb any flavors.  frankly the panzanella flavors just didn't mesh.  you were eating croutons, cucumbers, tomato, and some dressing.    my glass of Pickett Fence pinot noir tasted like the bottle had been sitting open for a couple days.  my other comments about the food are get over the bacon in everything and use the raw corn sparingly.  Sometimes it just doesn't work and frankly gets boring when one or the other is in so many dishes on the menu.Lastly service was poor.  The aforementioned b burger was sent back to be refired.  Should that take 20 minutes?  Certainly not when the restaurant is just gearing up for the peak hours... Beyond that, our server was unattentive and mistakenly laboring under the idea that he was charming.  This is a nitpick, but if I hand you my credit card with the bill, you should probably hand it back to me when you're done not to my Dad.  Pay attention just a bit.  With so many new, fun places to try in Phoenix these days, we won't be back.  Blah, trying to hard to be hip, and just not that good.  Doesn't hold a candle to FnB.
3	So...there's been a ton of hype about this place, it's always busy, so my expectations were really high. It was good. That's it, just good. If you are looking for a solid dinner out, this is a great option, I enjoyed my meal. First I really liked the way the completely revamped the interior from it's previous tenant "That's Italiano". Its very open and warm (not temperature wise).We started with the Grits and sausage, which were great, smokey and creamy, great combination. For entrees I selected the vegetable chop salad, which really intrigued me with the pumpkin seed brittle. It was OK, I really wanted it to be better, and it wasn't bad, just a little lackluster. I also had a side of roasted vegetables, which were very heavy on the smoke flavor. My husband had the short ribs which he really enjoyed, very tender.The service was fantastic, which is always a plus.All in all, a great meal.
4	A place to enjoy - not necessarily a culinary shocker but certainly a spot to soak up the Phoenix scene. While I don't typically write reviews after one experience, I feel confident that my ensuing engagements here will be just a pleasant, flavorful, and fulfilling as my sole dining venture.The setting is lovely, with a generous amount of patio space in addition to the nice layout inside. The community table is a fun spot to sit and cozy up to strangers, eavesdrop or tune others out and enjoy your own company. The waitstaff was nice - nothing out of the ordinary to add there. Though our waiter possibly needs some practice in socializing smoothly with others, I'm tolerant. The food: very nice. I was not thrown off my chair by any crazy and spectacular flavors, but I really liked what I tasted. The portions were small, which I like because I'm small yet prone to finishing my plate regardless of size. The zucchini pancakes were my favorite, but I'm all about cakes no matter what's in em. The house wine was delicious and oh-so-well priced. Will be back for more, of this I'm sure.
3	So dinner last night at Beckett's Table, featuring beer can chicken to promote the release of Four Peaks Hop Knot in a can was fantastic!  When the main course arrived it looked so good I dove in without even taking a picture.  The whole roasted chicken came with sides of potato salad and coleslaw, and garnished with nothing other than a Hop Knot beer can.  It fit the occasion, and was all delicious.  These items are not part of the regular menu at Beckett's Table, but they were a testament to the culinary aptitude none the less. Upon entering the restaurant, we were greeted and advised our table wasn't quite ready yet.  During the few minutes we had to wait, we were checked on 3 times by various staff members.  Almost overkill but much preferred to the alternative.  For a Thursday night it was very busy but we were still shown to our table very close to our reservation time.  Once being seated, we were greeted and served drinks and water refills by 3 different people.  At this point I wasn't quite sure who would be serving us, which became a bit confusing.  After several minutes our actual server, whom we had not seen yet, showed up.  He was a bit inattentive and didn't time his "check-ins" very well.  I can't say the service was bad, but it seemed a bit awkward; which was a contrast from the initial attention we received before being sat.We began the evening with an appetizer of roasted beets, which are on the regular menu.  The medley of white, yellow, and red beets came topped with herbs (rosemary and parsley I think), feta cheese, and pecans.  It was a great combination of flavors.  Two types of rolls, wheat and cheddar topped, were served as well;  thankfully we were only provided 1 each or I might have filled myself up on bread before the main course arrived. I would have loved to try desert, as I've read some good reviews, but I was stuffed. All in all, the food was great, the beer was great, and the service was OK.  I definitely look forward to going back and trying more of the regular menu items; I left with an overall good taste in my mouth.
5	The cocktails at Beckett's Table are fantastic, they've got a lot of character and plenty of options for those who don't like really sweet drinks. The Palmaire, while being a fruit base, is a bitter and refreshing drink. With Beckett's being only a block away from my home, I was just dropping by for drinks when something caught my attention...bacon s'mores! I had to have it. The plate arrived and I can't even express how excited I was to try this. Three sticks of bacon were carefully coated in chocolate. The marshmallows were torched with a nice carmel colored exterior, and carmel drizzled onto the plate. Every bite of it was as good as the last. I do have one criticism and that is I'm not sure the peanut butter complimented the dish, in my opinion it took away from the bacon. Since all of the ingredients were separated on the plate, it was easy enough to avoid. I would have preferred more of a carmel crunch to go with the bacon. Regardless, it was amazing and definitely worth trying! As for the atmosphere, it's got energy, the exposed wooden rafters make it feel modern/country especially with the brass pig overlooking all of the tables. Bring your parents, bring your friends, bring a date, coworkers, it's a one size fits all atmosphere. Great place!
2	this place gets a LOT of hype and, unfortunately, doesn't live up to it. i went for my birthday which was also the start of spring restaurant week. understandably, they were busy. my husband and i arrived early for our reservation, checked in and took a seat at the bar. i ordered a specialty cocktail which was supposed to contain muddled mint and a sugared rim. it arrived with no suragered rim and whole mint leaves. fine. it was still good.dinner time came and with it being restaurant week, we looked over the menu. had i ordered off the resturant week menu instead of the regular menu, i would have paid more for the three items than had i just ordered straight off the menu. bad form! so my mother and i both ordered the red pepper cannelloni. my huband ordered the green chili pork (?) off the restaurant week menu and my brother got the barbeque pork. my brother was the only one who liked his food. the green chili was runny/oily and lacked good flavor.the canneloni had ZERO flavor. amazingly bland vegetables inside an amazingly bland red pepper with an amazingly bland sauce on the side. no good. the server (who was very nice but very rushed and difficult to find) immediately offered to get us something else whcih we appreciated. i got the chopped salad which was fine. nothing special. my mom got the chicken and dumplings - again, lacking any significant flavor. the manager came over, apologized for the cannelloni dishes and said they've been experienceing problems and very mixed reviews on vegetable dishes since they opened. i suggest getting to work on something good containing vgetables. this is NOT going to cut it.dessert was also ho-hum. the pecan/fig pie had a great filling but a rock solid crust . my husband said the bacon s'mores were too much work - messy and not very good. overall i'm totally shocked at the good reviews this place continues to receive. i just wasn't at all impressed.
4	They've updated the menu a bit over the past several weeks, and I'm quite happy with the changes.  Those include a new vegetable entree instead of the vegetable tower and a number of new sides.  Luckily, the roasted pepper/tomato soup remains perfect.
5	Love this place, the staff is wonderfull and the food is amazing.
3	Nice meal.  Nice environment.  Good food.  Not outstanding.Had the grilled cheese sandwhiches, which were tasty.Had the chile stew.  It was a bit sweeter than I expected, but still flavorful and tasy.My wife had the red pepper cannelloni entree, which she loved, but felt like she could have had 150%.  Said it was one of the most interesting combos of flavors she's had in a long time.   She finished every bit.  If you are a vegetarian, it's got to be a must have.All the above was maybe 3 or 3.5 out of 5 stars.  At least not overpriced.I saw someone munching on a burger, and will say it looked nice and big and juicy.But the 5 out of 5 star, return every time portion of the meal came from the following must have items:Honey Lemonade.  Fresh lemons, sweetened with honey.  Just an amazing flavor... you could absolutely taste the clover honey.  One of the most interesting drinks I've had in months.Second, the fig pie.  The ice cream was like a lemon custard, delicious, on top of one of the best slices of pie I've ever had.  I would have paid $12 for it, and it was a bargain at $6.I might just come back for the lemonade and pie!Do NOT miss it if you go.I will say that if you are familiar with St. Francis to the Northwest of them a few miles, this restaurant feels like a "poor man's" St. Francis.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place.  I have been meaning to visit this place for a while.  With restaurant week available, we decided to try it.  I had a fabulous meal.  I went with the restaurant week menu, while my hubby decided he wanted the enchiladas for an appetizer.  My appetizer was awesome.  I love beets, yes a lot of people don't, but I have an obsession with them.  This place knows what they are doing.  They were perfect, unlike last weeks.  Delicious red and golden beets with a little goat cheese and pecans.  My entree was the salmon, also cooked to perfection, moist and tender.  And the piece de resistance was my dessert.  I was nice enough to share it with my husband.  The fig and pecan pie with a scoop of cream cheese lemon ice cream.  I am still thinking about it.  The crust of the pie was a piece of art.  I am a crust girl, and this was delicious almost like shortbread.  Can't wait to come back.
5	Decided to go to Beckett's Table because of Yelp's reviews.  It was exactly as described.  We had to try the cheddar bacon biscuits and glad we did.  They were flaky, tasty and no butter needed.  And yes, we did the macaroni and cheese as well.  Listen, if were going to Beckett's table we were going to try it all!  The mac & cheese was a unique blend but it worked.  We also had the short rib dish.  The meat just fell apart.  The yukon mashed potatoes were creamy and delicious.  We may have overdone it but it was well worth it.  Plenty more to try next time.  Oh, and try an Arnold Palmer...mmm mmm!  Cool ambiance too!  Beautiful presentation & great service.  A nice surprise for the location.  Great place, give it a try!
5	Everything I have had has been awesome!!!!!
4	I reserve 5 stars for restaurants that have fabulous food, great service, and also provide something a  little unique. At Becketts, the food was fantastic, the service was perfect, but I'm giving it 4 stars because I don't think there is anything really unique about the experience. I will say, the restaurant is charming, with walls that open, a nice patio and an open kitchen. Our server was great, and had a casual, friendly approach that made it feel like we had known him for years. This restaurant has a warm, comfortable vibe that makes it feels like you are eating at your parents home, if your mom was a really amazing cook.Details: Three people at our table of six ordered the chicken, at the servers recommendation. I normally wouldn't order chicken at a restaurant, but the server sold it, and it did not disappoint! We also had the grilled cheese with tomato soup (yum) and mushroom enchiladas. Everyone enjoyed everything we ordered, and we did not save room for dessert. The only complaint from our table was the limited beer selection. The wine selection was not huge, but satisfactory.
2	The dessert was wonderful - some rhubarb thing with ice-cream.  The food :-|
4	I have now been to Beckett's 7 times and not once have I left disappointed. The lay out is amazing, the patio is awesome, the bar staff always has new creations of temptation..I didn't think anything could top the brussel sprouts, but then I tried the beets. Sweet Jesus I love this place.
5	I tried this restaurant out with some friends. I hadn't heard of it before so had no idea what to expect. Decor is awesome-modern and a bit edgy but also very comfortable. Food was excellent. I ordered the Osso Bucco. It was delicious. Very different than other Osso Bucco I have had before. I also tried the Short Ribs and Macaroni and Cheese. All were delicious. Cocktails were inventive and tasty. I ordered the Chocolate Bacon S'more- I felt like I had to try it.  A little goes a long way but it was tasty. I tried the Pecan Pie with the Cream Cheese Ice Cream. The ice cream was unbelievable! The meal was delicious...such good food in such a great environment. What an unexpected surprise. I'll definitely be back.
4	last week we gave this a try and were not disappointed..the decor and open feeling of the resturant and  kitchen. very attentive staff (lots of them) which was nice. drinks were good i had a" pain killer" which brought me back to my days on St john's island..nice ...had appitizers  grits and shirners sausage, and zuccunni pancakes.  our table had several entrees and due to other posts about the mussels i warned my friends what i had read ..but someone ordered them and to overwhelming reviews from the table they were very good. green chile stew good but small portion for a entree. chicken with mustard sauce was excellend. desserts ..not a smores fan but everyone else liked them also the peachs and cream was nice cool and refreshing end to a great dinner.  so give it a try ..we had a great meal and a good time..
2	After reading a wealth of positive reviews on Yelp my BF and I settled on Beckett's Table when enjoying a staycation in the area. I had very high expectations based off everyone's reviews and sadly was really underwhelmed. The atmosphere is very nice and the wait staff was very attentive. But majority of the food was totally disappointing. We started with the 'famous' grits and sausage with mustard which was good - but not spectacular. I ordered the oysters and my BF got the grilled cheese and tomato soup. My oysters were mushy which is just really unappealing when you are eating seafood and tasted overly fishy. I barely ate half of the dish. The grilled cheese and soup was good, but again, nothing you couldn't get anywhere else. For dessert we were drawn to the chocolate covered bacon s'mores, which we agreed, were the best part of our experience. The dessert was delicious and unique. Overall we left feeling perhaps we'd give Beckett's Table a second chance on another occasion but considering the price it won't be at the top of our list. I will absolutely commend the staff as they were wonderful, I just wish the food had been better.
5	A super fantastic dinning expierence!. Eating out should be this relaxing. Service, amazing. Food, yes please. Started with local veggie plate, moved to  Flat Iron Skillet Chicken & Oso Bucco, ended with fig & pecan pie AND choclate covered bacon/peanut butter/homemade marshmellows/smores...we love love love dessert! Thank you for welcoming us and going above & beyond. We'll be back soon!
5	Went tonight to try Beckett's for Father's Day, having heard great things.  The place was packed when we arrived and smelled like the BBQ ribs that were on special.  Great modern open concept, including a community table and an open kitchen.  Our server, Cort, was informative and answered our questions about some of the menu items and we watched what others ordered as the dishes came out of the kitchen.  We ordered the roast beets and salmon rilletes as appetizers and the beets were good but the salmon rillettes were great, the preserved lemon adding a sharp citrus flavor.  The short rib entree was delicious and fell apart on the fork but the flavor of the Pork Osso Bucco Confit was unbelievably good.  We tried the coffee creme brulee and the fig Pecan Pie and the pie definitely won out.  The citrus ice cream they get from Crave was the perfect addition to counter the sweetness of the pie.  can't wait to come back and try some of the other dishes we saw, including the steamed mussels.
2	We went there for AZ Restaurant week. AND fyi, there was no special deal for Restaurant week. We quickly added up how much each entree would be regularly and surprise surprise we should have taken advantage of another restaurant that week. Like a few other reviews, I was disappointed. One member of our group ordered a chicken dish with lentils that was good, she also ordered a fantastic roasted beet salad. I guess she got lucky... I had the grilled cheese and tomato soup appetizer- WAY TOO SALTY. It wasn't good. I am a big fan of grilled cheese. But this was something where I didnt even want the leftovers. 2 others in our group got a green chili stew, it was okay. The dessert got us excited- chocolate covered bacon s'mores. WHAAAT?!?! I know. Crazy talk. But at that point we had filled up on the free bread that was amazing and were quite full. The dream world dessert was good, not a reason to go back though.
3	Great service. I too had high expectations but was let down by the food. We shared several appetizers and main dish. I left wishing I had made my own dinner. I usually would try a place more than once but this one. Sorry BT!
3	I really like the ambiance of Beckett's Table, from the way the restaurant is set up to their water glasses and table settings. I just didn't fall in love with their food. I liked the bacon cheddar buscuits, but would have liked them more if the apple honey butter wasn't so rock hard and was easily spreadable. I tried to the green chile pork stew and the osso buco and I definitely wasn't blown away by either of them. Neither dish had anything special to it, not to say they were bad, but didn't overly impress me. My favorite dish was probably the chocolate dipped bacon s'mores. I definitely went out on a limb ordering this, but I was pleasently surprised. The homemade peanut butter was excellent and all of the parts of this dessert complimented each other very well.
5	Can bread and butter really be opulent? I just found the answer to my question. Yes. The bread is smooth, soft, warm and perfectly cooked (crunchy and soft). The "white Bread" is actually an asiago roll roll with a crunchy top.We then moved on to the Gazpacho which was a perfect blend of coolness and hidden heat. It was a wonderful teaser for all the other flavors to come. The specials looked incredible, but we have some fellow foodies that raved about the Mussels and the Short Ribs. The mussels had a sweetness that I have never experienced with Mussels. It was star anise and while it was a bit perplexing it kept me coming back for more. My wife and I were supposed to share, but she really didn't want to share her Mussels.The short ribs were wonderfully flavorful and perfectly cooked. Normally in a restaurant you often experience a great main dish with some weak accompaniments. This was not the case. The mashed potatoes, sauce and beans were exquisite.The ambiance, service and vibe were topped of the experience. We didn't bring our daughter with us, but we were very impressed with the kids menu. We will bring her next time. This will be our new regular hang out.
4	Great looking restaraunt and bar with open kitchen and large staff who were mostly male and easy on the eyes.Group shared several appetizer and were impressed anything with schrieners sausage is a can't miss .I ordered the mussels which were excellent.and ordered the s'mores w bacon dessert which was delicious  although a bit difficult to manage.
2	I subsisted on rabbit food the week before I was going to dinner at Beckett's Table. I poured over the menu while sitting at my desk at work and drooled at the thought of the bacony extravaganza I was going to consume. I envisioned myself moaning with pleasure over the house made salad dressings...and then...not so much. I ordered the grilled cheese appetizer and a salad for entree because they appealed to me more than the actual meals. I didn't care for the grilled cheese and the red pepper tomato soup was just o.k. The salad was alright but nothing to get excited about - I like a salad where the dressing wows you or there are a unique flavor and texture combination - that was not the case here. I also ordered the bacon cheddar biscuits - dry. Really dry. My last ditch effort at trying something awesome was the bacon s'more - it was ok. Nothing spectacular. I will definitely give this restaurant another try but over all it did not impress me. Atmosphere was really nice, and the service was great - until the end when they forgot to bring my friend her coffee. I'm not hopping on the Beckett's bandwagon at this point....maybe next time.
5	The food is very good and something different than you normally find.  I was very happy with the flavors starting with my salad , which was was the Baby Iceberg ( they were kind and substituted Romaine lettuce) with beets and corn.  Very delicious.  I also had the flat iron chicken with greens and lentils.  Chicken was moist and the flavor was great.  Service was very attentive and agreeable.  My husband and I will  return often.  It is so nice to have a restaurant where they just get it right and they care.  Well done.
2	After I have heard both rave and mediocre reviews of this place by people I know, I finally got around to giving Beckett's Table a try.  And I am going to have to side with my unimpressed friends.  The B burger was bland, the fries were eh. and the service sucked.our server was so unenthusiastic and generally an ass.
1	Had a special occasion dinner here and was fully disappointed.  I worked in the food industry for over 10 years and this place is terrible.    The only good thing was the water at best!  To top it all off 4 out of 6 of us got sick after eating the food.  It is way over priced for such amateur service and boring food.  Should of just gone next door to Zipps!
3	The bf surprised me by picking this spot to have dinner the other night and we were both pleased!  I didn't have a specific taste for anything on this night, but my guy really wanted chicken and dumplings and had heard good things about them here. We started with an order of zucchini cakes and he had the roasted red pepper tomato soup. I had one of the cakes and must say it was one instance where I didn't mind that I was eating zucchini.  I didn't try the soup, but he cleaned the bowl, so it must've been good! For dinner I ended up with a chopped salad as I didn't want anything as heavy as stew or dumplings. It was yummmmy! The champagne vinaigrette was so bright, it was literally like sunshine in my mouth; loved it!  It was a great portion and I finished all my veggies... Mom would be so proud.  =)They have a number of gluten free and vegetarian items, so it would be a good spot if you're looking for those options. They also have a really nice wine, beer and scotch list with really good prices... Prices were pretty good on everything. We had 2 beers, 1 scotch, soup, app and 2 dinners for $80 with generous tip.  I must also add the server was effective and pleasant.I gave it 3 stars because I wasn't outta my mind impressed, but it was good and I would definitely go back. I'm sure the menu will have changed, so maybe I will have to up my stars next visit!
1	Way over-hyped and over-priced, save your money
4	Solid 3.65 stars.  Good grief it's taken me a long time to get to my review of @BeckettsTable .  I went here with @ AudreyRLWyatt @KatfishKH and @MHoey .  Someday I will write a review that is all twitter handles and #HashtagsAnyway, we had a great dinner here, service was very good and I enjoyed my food.  We kibbitzed, we gossiped, we noshed, we drank.  It was good.I had wood fired mussels.  They were good.  Not the best I've had, but pretty good.  It is the desert after all.
4	What can I say, I'm in love! I'm all for any restaurant that has a designated gluten-free menu and features Arizona wines. I had to wait a few weeks for a Beckett's trip to fit into my schedule (since they're closed Mondays), but it was totally worth it. I would first recommend to follow their Facebook and Twitter to figure out their specials before you go. I had eye-balled their cherry pork tacos before I went, and asked the server with puppy-dog eyes if they were gluten free. Thankfully they were. The waiter was super adorable, and has a family full of celiacs, so he totally gets the diet and was really sweet about my "situation." I was also called "dear" several times, which was mildly endearing and warmed me up to ordering a second glass of wine. My also adorable date had the fire roasted green chile pork stew, and although it looked slightly tasty - isn't really my thing, and wasn't gluten-free. Neither were the cheddar biscuits that were served with the meal, but there's no harm in smelling them while your eyes roll back in your head and drool. Unless other celiacs say that this isn't part of the diet. The cherry pork tacos, although not part of their summer menu, were mind-blowingly good. They were so simple, yet so tasty. I can't believe that the special cherries made the meal, it's definitely the talent seen here. Dear American comfort food, I love you.The wine list is extensive and offers lots of Arizona wines that are just too good to all have in one sitting (unless you're into that). The cocktails are...interesting. Although none of them are really my "thing," I appreciate a menu with a great cocktail list. Prices are, eh, prices that you would expect from this sort of restaurant. Entree prices are comparable to that of True Food, and I think their wines were priced fairly. As a celiac, I would say these two are really good date restaurants or girlfriend night away. I would make a reservation, even though some nights are apparently slow. Better safe than sorry, especially if you could enjoy Beckett's food. I will definitely come back here. Again, I would recommend this for any celiac on an adorable date. Or even non-adorable date. Or just alone eating pork tacos at the bar which I may end up doing very soon.Also, since I always include a bathroom review on here: they are very nice individual bathrooms. They even have light-up make-up mirrors. That's the type of small additions that can really make a restaurant. Nice one.
5	Everything about the place is great! The design is earthy, warm and friendly. The service was fabulous and was only surpassed by the food. The food concepts are basic and comfortable and the flavors are complex and wonderful! The zucchini pancakes were a surprise and AMAZING!!!!!!!!!! The wine list is great too. This is a definite must see and taste!!
5	Love Beckett's Table!  It's California Food / Ambience with a neighborhood upstanding flair.  The menu is unique; The roasted red pepper soup is amazing with the grilled cheese sammy dipped!    In the spring, he did  grilled shrimp over grits, which created a craving, but it was a special.  Mussels were just okay, but apparently they have a crowd following (not for me).   Down to earth, Beckett's table only enhances our neighborhood!  So happy to have you here!
5	All I can say is WOW, my whole experience here was top notch. Our server was very knowledgeable and eager to find the answers to our questions. The atmosphere is lovely, very chill, I could stay there all day. (Try to find all the pigs) I can't wait to try out the patio when it gets a bit cooler. The owners make your experience a personal one, which is always great. All t he food we had was AMAZING! Beats and garlic appetizer, chicken, ribs and red pepper cannelloni's. Price may be on the high side but it's SO totally worth it! I'll be making repeat trips back!
4	Gorgeous restaurant that has been well-designed down to the smallest detail. My date told me the ladies even had a hook for their purse and a lighted make-up mirror. That is great attention to detail that overflows into the decor, food and service. I love to see a small menu featuring fresh local food. Although the Osso Buco was only average the accompanying spaetzle was superb, slightly crunchy and flavorful. The Syrah from Cote Du Rhone area of France was a worthy accompaniment. The steamed white Bass was light, delicate yet sensational. Served over a bed of fresh, seasonal organic vegetables, the effect was delightful. Approx $18 each.Then the dessert. The award winning fig and Pecan Pie was creatively paired with a citrus ice cream. And the choc covered bacon and s'mores, with home made marshmallows, caramel, graham crackers and whipped peanut butter (like ice cream) was to die for. Only $6 each.Definitely worth going. Great for dates, special occasions, group of friends. Smart casual.PS. See how many pigs you can see hidden around the place :)
4	First let me compliment the customer service here. This is very important as I have recently been experiencing a rash of horrible customer serive so is was such a treat to really be taken care of by the entire staff. Rebecca was our waitress and we explained that my husband has a food allergy (honey) and she told us right away everything to avoid (turns out the lemonade has honey in it- who knew?) So she was helpful and lifesaving!I ordered like I was a 5 years old and had the roasted pepper tomato soup and the mac and cheese with pancetta. Ok, perhaps not many 5 years olds would order panchetta but it said to right in the menu (really it does!). It was yummy and I literally wanted to lick the plate of mac and cheese the sauce was so good. My husband has the burger and complimented the very fresh ingredients.I had to- absolutley had to- have the chocolate covered bacon s'mores. It was deeeelish! Honestly I thought the best part was the whipped peanut butter - the bacon was a great salty/sweet touch but it was the pb that did it for me. With so many of the dishes containing honey I don't know that this will be a reg spot for us but we very much liked and appreciated our visit and have to say- job well done!!
5	Love! Love! Love! Everything about this place is great! The short ribs are amazing!
5	When a restaurant continues to produce such universal praise, we go out of our way to try it.  Thankfully we managed to get to Beckett's Table and it was simply outstanding.  Before I hit the food and drink, I must say that the service was stellar, extremely knowledgeable regarding the menu, perfect timing in table visits, beverages constantly cleared/refilled, and a perfect dose of information and interaction.  We started with the creamy grits and sausage trio and it was heavenly - a perfect blend of textures. We also tried the pork terrine (a pate), and the zucchini pancakes.  The pork terrine was rich and I loved the crusty bread, mustard, and vegetables and the overall flavors.  The zucchini pancakes were awesome, and the arugula added just the right touch to the green sauce and the light pancakes. We enjoyed the lobster ravioli, which was a divine blend of cheese and lobster, with a soft ravioli. We also tried the pork stew and I loved the rich, deep flavor. That may have been my favorite. We also tried the sea bass with fresh organic vegetables. All fantastic meals. I highly recommend the chocolate dipped bacon smores for dessert. We tried the Death by Chocolate, a scrumptious flourless chocolate cake and it was great. But the real treat are the smores, because they are off-the-charts tasty, and because you haven't had anything like them. It is sort of a deconstructed dish with chocolate covered bacon, freshly made marshmallow, whipped peanut butter, and graham crackers - ridiculously good, and a must-have!Also, have to mention the very nice touch with a seal pressed into each of the menus. That is brand individualization and using touch as an additional brand interaction to intensify the experience. Very well done all around and you will not be disappointed!
2	Beckett's achieved a neighborhood feel-good joint  that was rustic and casual; however, the high-end service did not meet the expectations of the food.I found the food lacking in flavor and pizazz.  Comfort food seems to be a fad now-days but for someone watching what they eat, this joint is not for you!They had some great choices for wine but all three of the entrees we ordered were dull and flavorless.  We ordered the zucchini appetizer which was nothing exciting.  We also ordered a fish entree and short rib entree which lacked major flavor and disappointing to the palate.  We  will only return for the wine in the future.
5	Highly recommend, my wife and I went here for a mid week dinner. Food was great, Justin chef/owner stopped by table. He explained the menu and sent over a few tasting plates. Service and food especially were great. We left well fed.
4	Party of 6 for a birthday. Had the mac & cheese & homemade s'mores for dessert. That's right. HOMEMADE S'MORES. With a smidge of peanut butter. Fresh marshmallows. And...chocolate-covered bacon. I'm not kidding.Great service, until the end when it was time to pay and we needed separate checks. His attitude got a bit snotty, but not enough to keep me from going back.
4	Beckets is a great addition to Arcadia and with a couple visits under my belt I figured I should add my review to Yelp.  I love their drink selection, lots of tasty and fresh combinations as well as local beer selection (yah!) and a great wine list.The food is hearty and has good flavor.  The grits are great but are more of a sausage dish than grits.  The chef loves his stone ground mustard and it is feature in a lot of the dishes there.  I wish they had more salad options on the menu (only 3) but all of the other dishes I have tried have been very good.  A MUST try is their chocolate covered bacon s'mores dessert, it will change your life.The service is great but can be a little too attentive.  It is nice to have your water refilled but often the server assistant is refilling it after I have taken a drink, it is ok to let me get  1/2 way through my glass before you jump to refill it.  I also wish they would open a little earlier than 5 PM, if I want an early dinner then I have to look elsewhere unless I want to wait until they unlock the doors for service.
4	I waited a good long time to try this one out.  Everyone seemed to be singing its praises and I was convinced that there was no way it could be that good.  Apparently the masses were right.  The food is delicious (reasonably priced, no entree creeps up past the $25.00 mark and most in fact are around $15.00 dollars).  On Sundays they do a half-price wine deal which can't be beat and they are brave enough to re-acquaint folks with the much maligned pink wines.One complaint is that they don't have much by way of vegetarian items.  You could get the vegetarian spaetzel or try the sausage and grits without the sausage.  (They were delicious by the way, Schreiner's sausage and sun dried tomatoes yum!).  The burgers are served on Brioche and topped with Boursin cheese.   The green chile stew could give the one at St. Francis a run for its money.  I would have liked it more spicy, but the cornbread was heavenly.  Oh and don't skip dessert.  Desserts are $6.00 dollars (a steal for what you get).  We had the chocolate covered bacon, served with Becket's s'mores which are graham crackers, homemade peanut butter mousse and homemade marshmallows.  The pecan and fig pie is amazing (the pie crust itself is a thing of beauty) but what tops it off for me is the Crave ice cream in a special Beckett's only cream cheese ice cream.  It tastes like marscapone and lemon zest in which I can only hope Heaven will serve.  Or Hell. I don't care where I go so long as it has that dessert!
5	Great food, drinks, wait staff and atmosphere! This restaurant is adorable and the wait staff are professional and attentive.For appetizers try the grilled cheese or the sausage and grits. The chicken and dumplings are an absolute must, but the cast iron chicken and spare ribs are great too. Full flavor and cooked perfectly. Save room for dessert too; they are all wonderful.
5	Two words: short ribs.  You haven't lived until you've had them here.  The substantial portion will leave you with plenty to take home for left overs too!  Loved the atmosphere of this place, great service, and NO VALET which is a small miracle in Phoenix these days.  I'm more than capable of parking my own car and glad that Beckett's table let's me do just that.It's the little things... :)
5	GREAT food, great feel to the interior (actual location exterior wise is a bit random though), and excellent preparation and imagination. This hard to impress foodie was IMPRESSED. Will come back many times. Has a Chelsea's Kitchenesque feel to it but its definitely its own restaurant. If you like "new" American cuisine, stop in...
4	I can't wait to go back and try more! Casual and classic atmosphere. Polite, professional and knowledgeable staff. Plus, their 1/2 off any bottle of Rose on Sunday is a real treat!Apps -  Grits with Schreiners sausage...... painfully goodChx meatballs with smoky tomato sauce..... even more painfully deliciousZucchini pancakes.... yummy, but not something I'd order again. The texture was off for me, and the goddess sauce wasn't very punchyRazz chops salad... no thanks, not my cup of tea. would not repeat. Dinner - Fork tender short ribs were out of this world tender & flavorful. Beautiful green & yellow bean with a soft potato mash beneath. Delightful!It seems like they have a really high standard for themselves and take pride in what they do. I respect that, and like the dining experience created by following that ethic.
4	Small menu but almost everything is legit. Mac & Cheese is unreal, pulled pork is so good. Hipster trendy outfits by staff is a little annoying but food & service is great
3	The drinks were great, the food was good. The best thing was their breakdown of a s'more with chocolate covered bacon.
2	I got the beef bourgignon shepherd's pie and I was not a fan.  Isn't bourgignon AND shepherd's pie supposed to be more like a stew at the bottom?  It seems like mine was over reduced, I ended up with mash with chunks of meat and a few carrots that tasted like burnt sauce.  The potato topping had 2 whole cubes of potato in it, which I'm thinking weren't supposed to be there.  We also got the mac and cheese with and without pancetta - it was kind of bland.  Not very cheesy, not very much of anything really..  The fork tender spare ribs were tasty but I've had better.  The pork chile stew was actually pretty good but the taste was a bit strong.  It had the same taste as chipotle steak - maybe its cumin?  The corn bread that accompanied was unlike any I've ever had..  it was airy, not dense, but kind of dry at the same time with a crunchy crust - maybe too much butter?  I love corn bread and I did not like what they did to it..The desert was interesting - we got the bacon smores.  The bacon was way too salty, or maybe it needed a couple more dips in the chocolate to offset it better but the saltiness overpowered anything else.  The quality of the bacon seemed good, maybe they can get a reduced sodium version?  The death by chocolate was good, but it was very chocolatey - I do not recommend it if you don't like fudge dipped in chocolate on chocolate ice cream.  The one thing about the plating..  the lil smear of thick chocolate sauce (mousse?) does not add to the attractiveness whatsoever..The service was great and I love the decor.  That being said, the portions are small for the pricing and the food is not very good.  Don't try to be fancy if you can't do it well.
4	If theres one thing I can say about Becketts table it would have to be that there service is the best hands down , The food is good some of my favorite things there are the spatzel and the bacon smore dessert is awsome !!!!! The atmospher is energetic  and makes a great place for all occasions......
2	Started the meal with the grits and sausage   It was fine nothing special.  My son had the Shepard pie. It was soupy and peppery. I had their "signature dish" the fork tender short ribs that where fork tender but super salty and hubs had the osso bucco and enjoyed it. The s'mores with the chocolate covered bacon not worth 1 calorie.  Don't get what all the hype is about.  Like throwing $100 down the toilet.
5	Very good. The place is beautiful and the food is delish. We got the special salad which was good. My wife got the bass which was out of the park good. I got the chicken and dumplings which was not my fav, more like chicken soup with a couple biscuits...don't get me wrong it was good, just not what I was expecting. We finished with brown butter apple pie w/ brown butter ice cream. It was very nice and the staff was awesome.
5	My husband and I had an incredible meal at Beckett's Table during our time in AZ two weeks ago. The food was delicious and we are still kicking ourselves for not going back once more before leaving. Two meals here would have been so much better than one.
5	If you are planning your Restaurant Week agenda, put this on the top and make a reservation right now.We had: 1.  Pork belly appetizer.... the best pork I've ever had (and I have indeed had the famed pork bun at Momafoku in New York).  This was the highlight of the meal... the shaped cut of the apples matched the shaped texture of the meat.  Likely the best $11 you will ever spend.2.  I picked two sides instead of an entree:  mac and cheese (with pancetta) and chilled bean salad.  Both superb and actually, a great pairing.He had the pork hash (?)  Also fantastic. 3.  Dessert was the sweet potato pie with streussel.... but, for me, the star of that show was the homemade brown butter ice cream. Chef Justin Beckett is doing great things, cooking with local food and has created an interesting environment.  Go go go.
1	This place is extremely over priced and underwhelming. I have been here three times now, and I always leave feeling like an idiot for going back. So no more! On my first visit I had the chicken and dumplings. It was so blah and boring and corn starchy. The vegetables were under cooked and the broth under seasoned. Also, the chicken in it seemed to be more like mystery meat. The second time I went I just went with the grilled cheese and soup. Pretty blah as well. They don't seem to season any of their food here???The third time I went reluctantly for a friends birthday party. This time I tried the over-hyped short ribs. Again, blah. Over priced, over reduced sauce, overly fatty small piece of meat, but the green beans with it were delicious! It was funny because the birthday girl got the chicken and dumplings, even though I warned her, and was extremely displeased. She isn't one to send things back, so when our waitress asked her if she liked her food she just shrugged and said 'meh'. The waitress just made a rude face a walked away. Oh and the bacon wrapped s'mores are seriously gross, and why do they put bacon in everything here??? EVERYTHING.ps looking over this review I realize how much I really don't like this place. Was two stars, now one.
5	Fantastic interesting food. The first time we went the kitchen shut down before dinner due to a tech issue. But they gave us vouchers for free dinner so we went back and had a great meal. Kudos for great food but more importantly appreciating your customers and making them happy. Although the kitchen issue was not the restaurant's fault, they made the effort to compensate us for our time!!
5	my favorite stop during AZ restaurant week this year!i absolutely love the ambiance - open kitchen, exposed brick, lots of wood grain - the service was top notch and the food was divine!everything that touched my tongue was absolute perfection.  the salad was hearty but light and fresh at the same time - highlighted with avocado and corn.  the hearty serving of meatballs in sauce were the perfect accompaniment to the fresh homemade rolls. the meatloaf and mashed potatoes took home cooking to an out-of-this-world level.  and the deconstructed smore was amazing!  (peanut butter mousse smeared on a plate with graham crackers, torched marshmallows and chocolate dipped bacon!!! YUM)highly recommended.  i practically had to roll myself out of beckett's table -full and completely satisfied.
4	So the Bf and I gave this place a second chance for restaurant week. This time, the food was much better. So I was a little irked because we made a res for 8:45 and weren't seated til almost 9... BUT I know sometimes that happens and it's not really the restaurant's fault. So we both ate off the restaurant week menu. I started with their salad that has bell pepper, carrot, celery, cucumber, cranberry, corn, and a whole lot of delicious! The salad was lightly dressed and tasted amazing. The BF got the chicken meatballs... they were not what we expected... they had sort of a smokey flavor, they weren't bad, but I don't know that I would get them again. Oh, and they brought out the comp bread.... cheesey bread of wonderfulness... I wanted to ask for like 20 more of those. For entrees I had the pork green chili, and it was good. It was spicy and flavorful.... plus it came with some serious cornbread. The bread was crispy on one side and soft on the other... awesome! The BF got the meatloaf, and he totally beat me in awesomeness..... it was very tasty, light, and came with some smooth and delicious mashed potatoes. Yum. For dessert I had the pecan pie, which I thought was just ok.... the crust was awesome, but the filling was a little too figgy for my taste. The ice cream that comes with it was very good though. The BF got the bacon smores and he loved them! Chocolate covered bacon... pretty awesome. So overall, this place has been redeemed, but if I went again I probably would not get dessert... it just doesn't seem to be their strong point.
2	this pains me to write this review--I have been to Beckett's Table several times and have always enjoyed the food, the ambiance and the service, but tonight was different.  I hope that tonite was an anomaly and the next time I go --things will be better.Met three friends for dinner, two of us ordered from the restaurant week menu and two didn't.  Things started out great-- service started out attentive and stayed that way but for the fact that various servers kept bringing plates to our table that weren't ours--this didn't happen once but three times throughout the meal so things at our table were somewhat chaotic throughout the evening.now to the food--for my appetizer, I ordered the chicken meatballs--which I quite liked except for the fact that the sauce was very warm (temperature wise) which was good, but the meatballs were cold in the middle which detracted from the flavor of the dish.  So when one of the servers came over--I  told him that I enjoyed the dish but that meatballs were cold and they might want to do something about that for when the serve them the rest of the evening (we were there early) okay so I chalked that up to timing in the kitchen--no big deal.for my main dish--i ordered the bass which came on some greens--this dish was not advertised as a salad--so I expected the fish to come out warm which it didn't--it was almost cold--there are only certain fish that  taste good cold or not warm and bass in my opinion was not one of them.so--i let the server know and he picked up my plate and took back to the kitchen--(at Beckett's Table the kitchen is open)--so I as I watch my fish being taken back and the waiter and Chef Beckett discuss it, the chef looked over at me and sneered.   REALLY???  I am the customer--i didn't ask for a substitution or a change in the flavor--I simply wanted the fish not to be cold--as the fish came back to me, I told the server my feelings were hurt that I should not be sneered at for simply asking for the fish be warmer than it was--he made some comments about the fact that it was served on greens--well I have to tell you I had a salmon salad at Kona Grill earlier in the day--and the salmon was warm even though it was on greens.I like Becktett's Table and have always felt it was very welcoming--but tonite had enough mishaps--that I will think about going back there.  I want to go places where I appreciate the quality of the food and the chef/owner respects that the customers are his livelihood and treat them with some level of respect.
3	We went to Beckett's Table the first night of AZ Restaurant Week.  The atmosphere is a little like Chelsea's Kitchen, but I really liked it.  My husband and I started with the chopped salad and the chicken meatballs.  The salad was super fresh, really nice.  The meatballs were amazing.  The sauce was very smokey, which actually tasted better the longer it sat, the meatballs could have been served "naked"...they were delish!!!  We both got the green chile stew for our entrees, my husband enjoyed it, I thought it was a bit on the sweet side, especially as it cooled off.  Dessert was the s'more with chocolate covered bacon, a dish you definitely have to try to appreciate.  Took a few bites to get used to it, but it was really tasty, the marshmallow was fantastic.I look forward to going back and try some other things on the menu.
5	The most creative and delicious interpretation of comfort foods you can imagine in a smartly laid out, neighborhood restaurant kind of setting. Everything is top notch!
5	I've heard great things about this place.  Thanks Mr. Beckett my expectations were met!  Restaurant Week!  Needless to say, I had the chance to taste all a selection of dishes.  First off, the chopped salad and the chicken meatballs were awesome.  The salad consisted of items I wouldn't think to put in a salad: potatoes, dried cherries, pepitas, variety of vegetables and topped with Champagne Basil Vinaigrette.  Ooof! It was good!  For dinner we ordered the steamed white bass & Meatloaf -- so delicious!  The white bass laid on a salad consisting of spinach & grapes - YUM!  Finally, to top it off dessert!  I'm not a big dessert guy, but dude the pecan pie was amazing!  My partner ordered s'mores.  It had all the elements of a s'more, but the chocolate was bacon dipped chocolate --- BACON DIPPED CHOCOLATE!  Who thinks of that!  Needless to say, it was to die for -- I licked the plate clean, nom nom!The service was good and our waiters were constantly making sure we were fine.  I really appreciate that and plus they give you glass bottle of water so you'll never run out.  If you ever go out with me I drink a lot of water during my meals!  Ambience was perfect; it was like a wine lounge with an open kitchen.  Low lighting and fresh plant life on the tables -- oh is it spring yet!  - Enjoy!
4	We've been hearing about Beckett's for a while now and finally made it out to give it a try. So glad we did, it was really great. The restaurant is really beautiful inside. I love open spaces and open kitchens, and the bar, wood beams, and small touches like the sliding bathroom doors really make me happy. They even have a large community table that seats 16 which I really think fosters a great atmosphere of communal dining. There is nothing better than walking into a restaurant for the first time and just knowing you're going to love the food because the ambiance is so good. That is how you feel when you walk in here.We started with a bottle of wine and the sausage meatballs. OMG they were amazing. Probably one of my favorite appetizers anywhere. I am literally thinking of just ordering 3 for dinner next time I'm there. My wife and I shared the chicken and dumplings and a side of mac and cheese for dinner. Great flavor, dumplings were perfect, I would have liked to see a little more chicken in the entree though. Mac and cheese was yummy, could have been a little warmer imo. For dessert, we shared the smores which everyone raves about. We both agreed, the whipped peanut butter was to die for, the graham crackers were good, the marshmallows were amazing....but we just didn't like the chocolate covered bacon. I LOVE chocolate. And I LOVE bacon. In and on everything. But the combination just didn't do it for us. Once the chocolate taste wore off the bacon just didn't taste good.Oh well, we'll have to have the Death By Chocolate next time :)
4	So my sister and I went to Beckett's table during Arizona Restaurant Week. We had seen it was always featured as one of the great restaurants in Phoenix and thought this would be a perfect time to check it out. Making a reservation was super simple and stress free and they sat us opon arrival. We went around 6:15pm and the place was starting to get filled, but towards the end of the dinner the place was packed and there looked to be a wait for tables. Our waiter was very nice and recommended certain menu options when we asked. I ended up getting the steamed white bass with grits and farm vegetables. My sister got the meatloaf which she said was excellent. My fish was cooked perfectly. For starters we both go the vegetable chopped salad which was so fresh and the dressing was delicious. For dessert we both got the chocolate dipped bacon smores. Minus the fact you are eating bacon and chocolate combined this was so yummy. I felt like I just needed a little fire pit to make the perfect campfire dessert. The entire meal was $30.00 per person that included starter, main, dessert and a free drink. In the middle of the dinner my sister and I had done some tweeting of our meal to remember and next thing we know the chef comes out and introduces himself and thanked us for spreading the word about Beckett's Table. Totally not expected but really nice he took the time out of the busy kitchen to see how we enjoyed our meal. I hope to go back and try their short ribs!
3	Me and Beckett's, we didn't totally vibe. I really like the space, the feel, the decor; the design elements are all very appealing. Urban comfort... is that even a thing? That's how I would describe it, thing or not. But I just wasn't as crazy about the food.My table of four sampled all of the apps on the summer menu, plus sides of cheddar biscuits and veggie spaetzle. Everything was prrrriiiiiity good, but nobody moaned embarrassingly loud with pleasure or fell out of their chair. And ultimately that's what I want. I want to be embarrassed and/or fall out of my chair.Service was mediocre. We were sat about 30 minutes after our reservation, no biggie when there's good conversation and a wine list. But our server was that weird mix of faux-formal and inexperienced, you know: the kind that shames you for ordering tap water, but then neglects that nobody has utensils when the food arrives.And he probably didn't realize this, but I refuse to be shamed. After all, I didn't even fall out of my chair.
4	Great neighborhood spot! Love the deign and at atmospher.Service was amazing and the food was great. We had the chicken meatballs ans Zucchini pancake for aps - both great!Child's quasadilla wasn't as popular but our server noticed, apologized and asked to replace it, they took it off our bill.Our dishes were D-lish! The cast iron chicken, searen salmon and shepherd's pie. The clams weren't as good but still enjoyable.We really enjoyed it and we look forward to going again soon !
5	I love this place! It is a must visit every time I'm in town. I had the pleasure of attending a phenomenal wine dinner tonight. I am always blown away by the creativity and variety of food and favors. I could eat here every night and never get bored. Wonderful staff, service, and atmosphere.
5	So while perusing Beckett's Table FB post, I had noticed their menu and decided to check it out. After looking over it with a fine tooth comb, I realized their Brussel Sprout dish was missing. I immediately commented about it on FB and said how sad I was that it was no longer a menu option. Fast forward a few days later and they posted They're BACK!!!! Woohoo!!! I was so excited. I mean me, excited over Brussel Sprouts. Yes indeed!!! Fast forward to last night, after the Yelp Help's event. I figured since I was in the neighborhood, I might as well stop on over to have my fill.  I got there, scored a fabulous parking spot, and propped my booty up at the bar. Before he could even ask what I wanted to drink I blurted out Brussel Sprouts. Poor guy. I knew he wanted to laugh but instead he was like ok.. I will get that in for you but would you like something to drink? I giggled and declined since I had been to a wine making event before the Yelp Event (busy night)Fast forward what seemed like 5 mins and bam, my brussel sprouts were in front of me. The waiter that served them to me even asked if I had called them in because they were ready so fast. I said nah, but maybe someone in the back heard me when I blurted out Brussel Sprouts? lol. OMG they were so delicious. Crispy pancetta, little crispy burnt (in a good way) brussel sprouts. I was in vegetable heaven.I chatted it up with another bar patron, paid my bill and was out the door in maybe 30 mins flat. I really did just come in for some yummy Brussel Sprouts. What can you say, its an addiction! I will definitely  be back again as long as they are on the menu :)
4	After spending the Friday night of Restaurant week at Beckett's Table, I now understand why it is such an important week for restaurants.  Based on my experience that night, I will, without a doubt, return to Beckett's Table for what I am sure will be another excellent meal.  Weeks later my Husband is still talking about this place, which is a tad annoying, but surely understandable.We both decided to get different things so we could experience all that Becket's had to offer.  Highlights included the chopped salad, the green chili (which was somehow kinda sweet) and the fish.  We thoroughly enjoyed the bacon smores, which were obviously something unique and unlike anything I've ever had before.  The regular menu here looks great and we know we'll be back soon to have another great meal!
5	Chocolate dipped Bacon S'Mores with homemade fire-roasted yummy marshmallows! David, usually bartender, is always attentive & informative.
5	A Phoenician Phenom!!  We had waited a bit before attending this mecca and Wow was the food ever perfect!  We enjoyed the Osso Bucco & the Spare Ribs.  Desert we had the Smores.The place is as cool as they come, and the Chef runs a very organized and OCD clean operation!   Front of the house was managed by a husband & wife team that seem to have perfected the art of running a high end restaurant!The food was perfect, more importantly the prices were not to be believed!!!    The smores for desert was a kick in the pants and we cannot wait to return!!!!!!!   One of Phoenix AZ Best eateries.Best service to date!!  These people must be related to Southwest Airlines as there is no other operation that prioritizes customer service more then SWA and Beckett's Table has MASTERED the art of customer service.
5	Ok, update three..... This place just keeps getting better and better. The BF and I went here last night for their first birthday party...and it was wonderful! Now, we went one of their first days last year for our anniversary and once our waitress found that out, we were treated wonderfully. We were given glasses of champagne on the house... how thoughtful! We ordered the grilled cheese as a starter, and it was good. A grilled cheese is a grilled cheese, but it was good... I loved the bacon inside and the soup it came with was smokey and delicious. For entrees I had the short rib and the BF had the shepherd's pie. The short rib was very good... fell apart and had a nice flavor. The mashed potatoes and green beans that came with it were also delicious. The BF's shepherd's pie was also delicious, but it came out on the cool side... BUT when our waitress was informed, she handled the situation perfectly. She apologized and replaced the meal quickly with a new one. The new one was perfect AND the size was much larger than the first time we went to this restaurant. We ordered the pecan fig pie for dessert and it was much better than the last time we had it. The pie had a nice consistency and the ice cream was very good. In addition, they brought us a piece of chocolate birthday cake that was rich and delicious. Needless to say, I was ridiculously stuffed. When we got our bill, we were informed that they comped our pie for our anniversary. So our bill was 18$. For real. They had entrees for 1$, comped champagne, comped pie, comped cake.... This was the best deal for a wonderful meal. The service, as always, was spot on, and I like that they really made us feel special for our anniversary. Thanks Beckett's Table for a memorable night!
4	We visited with friends last week, in celebration of Beckett's 1st Anniversary. We weren't the only people ti want to celebrate with them! The restaurant was incredibly busy...every table filled, yet once seated...we felt like all the attention was on us. Some restaurants can't provide good service on slow days....Beckett's staff has the service part nailed down. Enjoyed Arizona wines, fantastic Osso buco...perfect portion size. Sampled my husbands short ribs....amazing! And they're making their own ice cream now...so that was a scrumptious treat. I, so happy Beckett's Table is going strong....they deserve it. It's food as it was meant to be, in a wonderfully comfortable, industrial style atmoshere.
5	Another restaurant we tried on Saturday nite and again the crowds drove us away, but we were able to return for an early dinner Sunday nite(5p).  Not too crowded when we were seated and we were served very quickly and even out of there before 6p.Love the creative turn for the strip mall space and the service was stellar.  Also on Sunday nights, they feature local Arizona wine for 1/2 off the bottle price.  We tried a bottle our server, Rebecca, recommended.  The Kief-Joshua Red blend was terrific with both our entrees.  DH had the green chile stew and I had the short ribs.  My ribs, green beens, mashed potatoes and sauce were all perfectly done!  the short ribs were easily cut with my fork and my green beans were cooked with perfect balance without being insipidly limp.  I hate that.  The only sad part:  no room for dessert.  Boo Hoo!
5	Yelp sent me a note that I have eaten at Beckett's a few times and had neglected to write a review.  I am surprised, since I have been to Beckett's multiple times, and I have pretty much wanted to Yelp about this place literally as I was eating the chocolate-covered bacon S'mores for the first time... which was when the restaurant opened over a year ago.......So it's pretty obvious what my favorite (espcially for uniqueness and flavor) food item is at Beckett's.  But I have to say that the ribs are ridiculous as well.  I try to order other things, but I always go back to the ribs.  However, I have tried the chicken and dumplings and the pan-seared chicken too, and I have loved both.  There are only two items I haven't loved on the menu and that is the mac-n-cheese-- I think the cheese is a little runny-- and the cheddar biscuits.  They are very bland to me.Other good things about Beckett's:1.  The cocktails.2.  The ambiance (it really is warm and inviting).  Personally, I love the decor a lot.3.  The service.  The wait staff is knowledgeable and extremely personable.  They are always happy to give a recommendation, and they never seem rushed to get to another table, even when it's busy.4.  The location and parking.  Relatively centrally located, not off a major freeway, ample parking.**Speaking of service, I want to mention a situation that happened between me and Beckett's Table this summer.  I had reservations for a Friday night dinner, and I received a call from Beckett's on that Friday that their electricity had gone out, so they had to close down for the day.  (In fact, the electricity had gone out for all the businesses in a 2-block radius that day.)  The manager then offered to squeeze us in either the following day (a busy Saturday) or any time later in the week... at 50% off our total bill!  Not only did this display exemplary customer service, but I was even more impressed that Beckett's provided this service when the electricity problem was definitely not through any fault of their own.If I could assign the perfect rating to Beckett's, it would be 4.5 stars, but Yelp doesn't have that option.  I usually only reserve 5 stars for "true" perfection... which I have given to only 4 restaurants in Arizona throughout my Yelp career. ;)   However, the customer service (which is really a huge part about eating out in the first place) kicked Beckett's up to a 5-star rating.Just go there.  Just do it.  Take friends from out of town.  Order an awesome old-timey cocktail.  Sit outside by the unique and cool fireplace.  Eat the S'mores until your stomach is going to explode... and then go home happy.  :)
5	This place is a must try. I came here based on yelp reviews and I was glad I did. Visited for dinner with a group of 8. Everything was awesome; the food, the service, and the restaurant was nice too. Outdoor fire place and open kitchen.We ate: grits & schreiner's sausage trio (very filling)mac 'n' cheese with pancetta: yum!seared salmon: fresh and perfectly cookedfire roasted green chile pork stew: comforting and deliciousshort ribs: definitely fork tenderbeef bourguignon shepherd's pie: really, really good!pork osso buco confit: melt in your mouth kinda meatchocolate dipped bacon s'mores: we still think about this dessert!!!fig & pecan pie: not very sweet, it comes with a caramel ice-cream!!Yum! Yum! Yum!
5	Updating my last review of Beckett's.  Came back on Sunday night, they have half price bottles on Az wines and several of my favorites become more than reasonable at that price.  Was three for three on the menu choices.  Started with duck confit salad (duck confit, butter beans, frisee and a balsamic glaze) that was beautifuly balanced and was the perfect way to ease into mussels.  The mussels (while still not toppling Zinc as my favorite mussles stop) were delicious in a lobster broth with shaved fennel and roasted garlic.  The bread its served with (you can and should order extra) is grilled and buttered.  The table butter is a sweet honeyed butter perfect for the hot fresh rolls.   *Don't worry, the buttered grilled bread with the mussels is not the whipped honey butter but a lightly salted creamery butter, these little attentions to detail are hugely important!Finished with a pork osso bucco that was served with a roasted apple spaetzle.  The pork was so tender, the knife was not used at all.  For once I could not even contemplate dessert, even their heavenly award winning fig and pecan pie.  This is one of my new favorites joining the ranks of Noca, Christopher's and T.Cook'sThe good news is that dinner for two along with a full bottle of wine came out to about $85.00 (including tax and tip).  A pretty smoking deal considering the quality of food and amazing service.Our server was attentive, kind and not obtrusive at all which is a huge huge plus.
5	I could eat here every night...it's that good.  Had dinner a week ago Friday.  Started with the Creamy Grits and Sausage (although the roasted beets were tempting...I never liked beets until I tried them here.  Amazing.).  I had the Pork Osso Bucco with the awesome grilled apple spaetzle.  He had the Beef Bourguignon Shepherd Pie.  Fig and Pecan Pie with that incredible Cream Cheese Citrus Zest Ice Cream to finish.  Good wine selection. Great Service.  Coffee needs a little work, but hey...nothing is perfect.   Beckett's Table is pretty darn close though.
5	Butter leaf salad was super good. Good for families and double dates.
5	We had the short ribs and they were wonderful!  Very tender.  The staff was  amazing and helpful.
5	wow i gotta start saying that i had the best salmon i had for a very very long time, i usually dont order fish when is beef on the menu lol i am 100% beefy person but what it got my eye it was cause it was serve with cold couscous and some pickle veggies that made me very happy :) we had a pitcher of sangria n it was very tasty as well ..... p.s. i usually dont eat bread before my meal but theirs it was sensational ...
5	Beckett's Table is one of my most favorite places.  I recommend it to anyone looking for simply great food!  The service is right on point and the food is so comforting, delicious and perfectly done. I adore the setup of the restaurant.  They have a great patio with heaters and misters, and the atmosphere throughout is so inviting and cozy.Foodwise, the beet appetizer are hands-down the BEST beets I have ever had, and you also can't go wrong with the brussel sprouts.  Whatever fish is on the menu is always great and I'm also a big fan of their short ribs and burger.  They have many gluten-free options on the menu for those gluten-conscious diners.  Make sure to try the fig and pecan pie, too!
4	Best short ribs!!! Nice wine selection, so that is a big plus for me.  I have broken up with Chelsea's Kitchen for Beckett's Table.
5	Finally I got to try this place! I really wanted to sit outside next to the fireplace, but it was raining (so I let it slide..this time). One of the main things I was really excited about was trying the chocolate covered bacon, our server (I wish I remembered his name) gave me a sample since I was talking about it so much and it was so good!  I have to say, our server was awesome and I give him props for dealing with 3 obnoxious girls. We ordered the chicken meatballs, definitely good but I would rather try something else next time.  My friend ordered the mussels, they were yummy! I definitely recommend that if you are in the mood for seafood :) (Even though it won't be the best of the best :P). My other friend convinced me to split with her ( I wish I didn't, I was still so hungry), anywhoooo...we ended up splitting the short ribs and sweet jesus it was amazing! Oh and the mashed potatoes were so addictive to where I ordered an extra side of  it.. *fatty*. Lastly for dessert, we ordered the pumpkin spice creme brulee... and WOW, I am going to be coming back here JUST for that, it was one of the best desserts my mouth has ever encountered.All in all, great experience and great service! *my drinks were never empty; in general, we never had to wait. I will definitely be back here again for not only the food but  definitely before the pumpkin spice creme brulee goes byebyeeee. P.S. I will be posting pictures up soon :o
3	We wanted to love this place - we really did; and first impressions were great as we arrived before they opened.  The bartender came out to greet us, offering us a table on the patio while they prepared the final touches for their 5pm opening.  He even brought us water and allowed us to order a bottle of wine while we waited the 20 minutes for the restaurant to open its doors.Once seated at our table inside the restaurant it began to fill rapidly which we took as a very good sign.  We also appreciated the good service by our waiter & bartender who were both prompt and attentive.With all the wonderful accolades this place receives, we first worried that perhaps we'd left our test buds at home - but then decided that wasn't the case, because the chicken meatballs & smoky tomato sauce we started with as an appetizer had plenty of flavor, just not to our liking. Please don't misunderstand, the entrees we had (Osso Bucco and Short Ribs) were beyond tender, but what both dishes did lack were flavor.  We found both to be just blah ... no other way to describe them.  Then the award winning fig and pecan pie arrived, and while we had no problem finishing it, we just couldn't give it the award winning kudos the name and server enticed us with. However, we did like the energy of the place & always prefer to support locally owned restaurants with owners who put their hearts and souls into their work.  It was obvious this was the case here, as all were present and working hard.  We just wish we would have been equally impressed with the taste of the food!
1	Update: Updating my original review because I had rave reviews about this place, but after tonight I have to seriously downgrade my rating. The service was awful, our server "Brian" started off the evening with a superb and arrogant display of his English knowledge and proceeded to tell us that their wine "special" for the night was cheap crap when I inquired.... Then why is it on the menu??? Then, I ordered my favorite dish - the mussels and there was a spoiled one in there. Have you ever tasted a spoiled mussel? I have never ever tasted spoiled seafood at a good restaurant. It tastes like rotten eggs, but you can taste it in your mouth for hours to come... and hopefully you won't puke it up later. NASTY!!!  The server barely acknowledged this and the manager stated that "that's mother nature for you". Excuse me? I understand the risks of eating seafood, but you should never handle a complaint like that... an "I'm so sorry," would have been the minimal acceptable response. Finally, everyone was getting free mini desserts (some chocolate cake thing) and our server never brought ours.. very obviously... and never comped us for the mussels... not even a 10% discount... If they treat their loyal customers in such a manner, especially on their first anniversary, then I think there are other restaurants where I can become loyal instead. ***********************************************************************   Original review:   Addicting! Roasted mussels are to die for!!! I keep getting this. The appetizer menu could use some work, but the desserts make up for it. Chocolate bacon s'mores and the pint of Guiness desserts are fascinating. Service is excellent and atmosphere is inviting. It's really busy though, so you better have a reservation. Nice addition to the hood!!! Finally.
3	The short: Solidly A-OK. A beautiful restaurant with top-notch service, but food was hit-or-miss, especially for the prices charged.The long: I drive by Beckett's Table during my daily commute and have been looking forward to trying it for over a year. On a whim, we finally stopped in early on a Saturday night to see if we could get a table, and we were able to.Beckett's Table is beautiful--a large, open space that's modern without looking harsh or posh, filled with wood and stonework without being cold or harsh, well-lit without being blaring. Even though it was a Saturday night and we didn't have reservations, we were promptly seated on the patio that, even in the middle of December, was heated to a comfortable temperature that allowed us to remove our coats. The tables soaked in gentle amounts of heat so they were nice and warm when we sat down. Our server and her assistant were awesome, keeping our water glasses filled and our iced tea fresh, moving quickly and unobtrusively through the entire meal.We started with the complimentary table bread--two brown rolls (sweet rye?) and one cheddar-topped biscuit for the two of us to split--along with a dish of soft, tasty butter. My boyfriend started with beckett's original grilled cheese, featuring pancetta, four cheeses, and a little bowl of roasted red pepper tomato soup. It was decadent and heart-stopping and a generous and tasty first course, and probably my favorite dish of the night even though it was a very homey dish--I love homey dishes, but I tend to cook those at home to save myself some bucks since they're usually pretty easy and cost-efficient to make at home. I had the super creamy grits & schreiner's sausage trio. The grits were indeed creamy, perfectly cooked, but underseasoned. I usually don't have to salt my food, I had to this time because the tasty sausage or peppery arugala topping the dish couldn't carry the load.For our entrees, my boyfriend ordered the pork osso buco confit and I ordered the much-hyped fork tender short ribs. The spaezle that accompanied his osso bucco was fine, and his osso bucco had good flavor and texture, but it was dry. Unfortunately, that was also the theme with my short ribs. They were indeed fork tender, thrillingly so, but with my first bite, I knew they weren't moist and buttery. The mashed potatoes were, as expected, fine, as were the green beans, although they were too firm for my taste, and I had to wrestle a bit with them. All this may sound like I'm looking for baby food, but the truth is that I expect long-braised meats to be tender on the plate, but also melt-in-my-mouth buttery once it's in my mouth. It really is a beautiful sight to see a simple dinner fork swipe right through meat, but once you've had perfectly braised meat, you keep its potential in mind with following dishes. While their flavors were good, our entrees at Bckett's Table just didn't quite fit the bill.We closed out with the award winning fig & pecan pie served with beckett's original cream cheese citrus zest ice cream, which was an awesome pair--my second-favorite dish of the night with its crumbly tender crust and a beautiful filling that was more fig than pecan, but a perfect balance in my opinion. The ice cream was delicious--soft, sour, and barely sweet--a perfect foil to the sweet pie filling.Overall, I wasn't blown away by our dishes, but I was pleased enough and intrigued enough by the menu to want to go back when we're in the neighborhood and feeling like spending a little more than usual for dinner.
5	After my first dining experience at Beckett's Table I have absolutely NOTHING I could complain about. The food is amazing. They had dishes that were creative yet homey.  The chef/owner is extremely talented but also very nice and personable. The servers were very kind, helpful/knowledgable, and on task. The food is a little expensive but it's well worth the price. They also have an excellent wine selection!I can't wait to go back!!
3	I have been wanting to go to BT for awhile now so I was excited when my bf took me out to dinner here. BT has an interesting balance of hip and neighborhood restaurant. Not so hip where it's a flash in the pan business that will be gone in less than a year but you have to wait an hour for a table and spend $100 on dinner, and not so neighborhood that you would wander there every week, possibly in those sweatpants you should never own. It's both cool and cozy, and I think they will be sticking around for quite some time, they've already made it past their year mark. I ordered a Palmaire, which was a tasty cocktail, and my bf had the Four Peaks Pumpkin Porter, cheers to BT for having that on draft! Then I had the short rib, which was very tasty, but watch out for those onions! Who wants that kind of breath? My bf had the grilled cheese and upgraded to the bowl of tomato soup. He enjoyed it. The food was pretty good, it's not OMG I just died great, but it's good. The staff is very friendly, which is always appreciated. There were a handful of things on the menu that I wanted to try, so that's a good way to keep me coming back. The one thing I would say is that they need to figure out their layout. The chairs are close enough together that their servers are constantly turning sideways to squeeze through and I kept thinking I needed to scoot in or I got bumped a few times. So they need to move some things around and have the space work a little better. Oh, and their crowd...well it's quite a few people over 50 in there. Which I guess is kinda fitting because I would def take my parents there, but I think trying to attract a younger crowd would be nice. Maybe they should add a happy hour and open a little earlier. I think I will be back. Plenty more food to try, good atmosphere, good price.*********Ok I've been a few more times and wouldn't go back at this point. The staff never tells you the specials, you have to find it on the tiny chalkboard next to the bar on your own. The food is ok but rarely great. The vibe and interior decor is great but other areas need improvement.
4	I FINALLY made it here with some friends after months of wanting to try it out and it was worth the wait. This is a really cool place with a nice open feel, cozy and casual. There is also a nice bar. I was really impressed by everything that we had. They have a great deal after 8:00pm on Tuesday Wednesday and Thursday that consists of a half-pitcher of wine and their noshing board for $25...GREAT value. We also had Brussels Sprouts and Chicken Meatballs both of which were great. The Chicken Meatballs are served with a spicy marinara that I swear has a touch of cumin that gives it a slight curry taste-DELICIOUS!!!For my entree I had what is probably the BEST Shepherd's Pie I've ever had. The beef was so perfectly prepared that it was tender and delicious while the tips of the beef were so slightly crisped it really was blissful and euphoric to consume it. I was also able to try the short rib which was equally tender and flavorful as well as a damn good pork chop (which was their special) considering that I am not a fan of pork. This pork chop was tasty and moist, not dry the way pork chops can be. Their Macaroni and Cheese is good with little bits of bacon.For dessert we had Death By Chocolate and Pumpkin Creme Brulee. the Creme Brulee tasted like silky pumpkin pie minus the crust. Death by Chocolate is a creamy chocolate pudding topped with whipped cream and a chocolate cookie.Hearty is probably the best way I can describe my meal here and the entire evening was enjoyable. The service was attentive and enthusiastic-maybe a little too enthusiastic as I felt like I had ADD when the entrees with their amazing local ingredients were being described to me. But considering how awful service can be in some places, it is refreshing to see servers who have such passion and pride in the food they are serving. I highly recommend Beckett's Table for an outstanding meal, reasonable prices, good service and an overall great experience dinning out. I think I may go back next week.
4	I love this place.  It's cozy and comfortable.  The open kitchen reminds me of home (San Francisco) and so much is made in house.  And it makes me feel like I've been invited over for dinner.The first time we tried Beckett's was for their first birthday.  I'd been hearing about the restaurant and signed up for the newsletter.  My husband couldn't say no when it was 1 dollar entrees for their birthday!  We had a fabulous meal!  The only complaint I had that night was that my chocolate dessert wasn't quite what I expected and too rich for me.We went again with friends visiting from the UK.  We needed a place to go for dinner on a Sunday night and our pickings were limited.  A reservation was made for Beckett's (and the Sunday night half price Arizona wines special) and we went.  Everyone loved their food.  My hubby wasn't feeling too great so he didn't eat much, but he enjoyed what he ordered.  Every plate was cleaned as best each person could.  I even got to enjoy the chicken the next day for lunch because one of my friends couldn't finish.  It was divine reheated!No desserts the second time round, but we did start with the charcuterie board and it was delish!  Especially the housemade cranberry preserves.  We even bought a jar to take home with us!  We're looking forward to going back again.
5	OMG OMG OMG! Beckett's table is an amazing addition to the Phoenix restaurant scene. I have enjoyed two meals here and both were equally amazing. The true test for any restaurant in my family is if we take my father there and he does not complain. My second outing to Beckett's Table was with my dad and he did not complain a single time. That my friends is when you know it's good. I have not been very adventurous during my two times dining here, I ordered the exact same thing each time, with dessert for me always being a toss up.The Beckett's original grilled cheese with that delicious tomato soup is absolutely amazing. The savory soup coupled with a grown up kid classic is a divine way to start a decadent evening meal. The short ribs were absolutely amazing. They are what carnivore dreams are made of. As if it could not get any better, then there is dessert. And as a person who always looks at a dessert menu first to decide if I want to save room, SAVE ROOM! I have had the chocolate dipped bacon 'smores and the death by chocolate. Both are amazing, but the death by chocolate is by far my favorite. HELLO NUTELLA PUDDING! I swear I still have dreams about it. I appreciate the GF options, I'm always on the lookout for places that can accommodate my little celiac sis. One more thing to note: Parking is an absolute nightmare in this lot, I would suggest parking towards the other end of the shopping center and walking up to Beckett's.
4	I have mixed feelings about this restaurant.  I mean, on one hand they have a great selection of wine, they have some tasty food items on the menu, and the space is great!  On the other hand, I feel the food is hit or miss...it's not as consistent as one would hope.  I get it, when food is made fresh on the regular, stuff is going to be a little different here and there.  The service has always been great, nice people and informative when I've had questions about the menu.  We usually get the roasted beet appetizer which comes with goat cheese and (I think) walnuts.  Yum!  I've had a fish, beef and chicken entree here..can't say that I enjoyed the fish but the beef and chicken were tasty.  The fig and pecan pie is really outstanding.  I was a little put off when I first read it, because I'm neither a fig nor pecan fan.  But let me tell you, paired with their cream cheese and citrus ice cream that pie is amazeballs.  They have fun house cocktails and a large community table made out of a big piece of beautiful wood.  We came here for my gf's graduation dinner and they were nice and accommodating, although when I let our server know right up front that we were going to need separate checks (already checked to make sure when we called for the reservation and they said it was fine) he gave a little 'tude at first.  I had to explain that I, too, am a server and I know how it is doing split checks (actually it's really not that big of a deal if people tell you up front)...he relaxed after a bit.  Anyway, I still feel lurv for this place and I will continue to come back and try different cocktails/wine/food.
3	I've been here at least half a dozen times and while I havent ever been terribly disappointed I havent really been dazzled either. Some things are really good, like the grilled cheese and tomato soup appetizer, the brussel sprouts, the beets, the noshing board. But some arent. I was not a fan of the beef bourguignon shepherd's pie or the white bass. Still, it's a really comfy place, kind of rustic and cabin-like and they have great servers. They also have some killer desserts.
4	I don't know what exactly I can add given the number of reviews here, but here's my take on the food:Iceberg wedge-I loved that it came with green goddess dressing, but there was maybe a thimbleful of it, and by the time the server came back around, I was nearly finished.Bacon cheddar biscuits-Bacon and cheddar in a warm biscuit, golden brown on the outside, soft on the inside.  Yes, it was terrible.  One could only imagine the horror I endured.Fork tender short ribs-More like spoon tender, great flavor with the red wine reduction  and NO fat!Chocolate-dipped bacon s'mores-Okay I'm in the minority here, but not my favorite.  First, I'm not into the whole deconstructed food idea, but I can kind of see the idea here.  However, I wanted my graham crackers left in bigger squares, so there's more room for assembly.  You can't go wrong with toasty marshmallow, and the whipped peanut butter was an unexpected delight, but I'm not sold on chocolate-covered bacon.  I like bacon in sweets (I even made bacon bourbon brownies once), but I didn't think the chocolate dipped bacon was anything special.  There I said it.  Take a number to stone me.  But please wait until I've gone back to try that fig and pecan pie.  I'm betting that's a winner!
4	Very good experience, friendly, knowledgeable service.  We'd definitely return.  Roasted beet app was yummy, although temperature wasn't consistent through the dish (some were cold, some were hot?). Shepherd's Pie was delicious and piping hot the entire time. Both were served in cast iron.
2	In short, the food is overpriced and lack luster. I went here after being stuck at a filming session all day. I hadn't eaten in many hours and was starving. This was one of the closer things nearby, so me and my coworkers headed to Beckett's Table. The atmosphere is pretty nice. The restaurant looks swanky and modern. The service is great. Our waitress was very prompt and attentive. The menu was tiny. There are only a handful of main courses available. And they are full of 'fancy' ingredients that just seem to complicate what should be a simple dish. The wine list is extremely long. Like, three pages long. I really wish the menu was that long, but alas it fits on one side of a place-mat. And let's not forget how pricey this stuff is. You won't get a main dish for under $15. And some dishes run into the $25 range. The food itself was okay. They give you these small rolls while you wait for you meal. Those were awesome. My friends told me that their meals weren't too bad. Nothing spectacular, but not horrible either. My first meal was too spicy, so I sent it back for another cut of fish (salmon). The fillet was tiny and not overly warm. For dessert, we ate a piece of chocolate cake type thing. It was okay. Overall, the service is great. If you're into wine, there is a lot to pick from. The food is overrated and so are the prices.
5	The service was excellent from the moment I walked in. My family told me the wrong time for our reservation (6pm when the reservation was really at 6:30pm) so I was a bit early on a Tuesday night dinner for 6. The server who would be taking care of our table suggested I have a glass of wine at the bar, and he told me about the AZ wines that I wanted to try and was very courteous and fast. Another couple nearby ordered drinks and the man in the couple went to the restroom. Before he could return, his drink had been ready and the female said, "Talk about service!" in recognition of the speedy and friendly service.I asked the bartender about several dishes on the menu and he had plenty to share about all of them. Then my party arrived and we sat down. One of the bus boys noticed that one of our tables was slightly uneven and wobbly (not enough that I would have said anything) and he immediately returned with a wedge to fix it. The waiter was extremely friendly. Water and wine service was exemplary. Food came at the right moment after appetizers. Regular table bread was delicious. They also have a local farm that grows ingredients just for the restaurant. We ordered the special salad from the farm that the chef had picked out the day before and it was perfect. We got the bacon cheddar biscuits and of course they were incredible. I ordered the green chile pork stew with cornbread after fretting about all the delicious things I wanted to eat on the menu and was SO pleased. I am a very picky, finicky, child-like palette eater so for me to branch out and order a pork dish when normally I don't prefer meat at all was a big deal. I can't wait to go back and eat it again. It was soooo amazing. My fiance had the burger and said it was good but not blown-away good. Everyone else was happy. Another member of our party ordered the pork obusco or whatever it's called and the meat was falling off the bone tender. It literally did fall off the bone. I had low expectations because I thought by the atmosphere that this would be one of those "trendy looks but weak food" places like Noca (ugh) but it's not.I am literally salivating to go back!
5	Everyone was extremely friendly and our waiter was great with food and wine recommendations.We enjoyed the vegetarian ratatouille and one of their chicken dishes. this place has a great vibe, great food, great service
4	I recently celebrated a birthday dinner here and as soon as I stepped in, I was instantly pleased with the environment and ambiance of the place. We were seated right away, and service was an absolute delight. Food was A+ with an exceptional rating on the Pork Osso Buco Confit, which was my entree. In addition, the Chocolate Dipped Bacon S'more was another surprise hit.. I could've just been happy with a big bowl of the chocolate bacon by itself..Kudos to a new found fave. I will be back to try other items on the menu!
5	Beckett's Table is a fantastic restaurant for people who want great food, great wine, and great service. My wife and I dined there with a couple of friends on a Saturday evening. Well, we got there about 5:15 ... we were going to a a game that night. Our server was a very friendly English woman who knew her wine, had dutifully tried all the specials for the day (which I wish I could have also done), and was highly attentive. Could have also been that there were only about 5 other parties there. The wife and I split four smaller dishes, sides and appetizers, because we wanted to eat more than just a couple things and not have to roll ourselves out of the restaurant and food come at the game. We samples the grits and sausage with mustard, roasted beets, bacon and cheddar biscuits with apple butter and the vegetable chop salad. The biscuits were purely pleasurable food. Not healthy, but delicious in every way. They were airy, the butter was excellent and featured chunks of apple, not just apple flavor, and they were presented piping hot. Our salad came at the same time and was a beautiful presentation of spring mix lettuce, colorful carrots, tiny tomatoes, and more veggies with a tangy vinaigrette. The grits and beets came together and we loved them both. The grits were very creamy and the sausage on top was herby and flavorful, but not heavy. The beets came roasted with nuts and cheese ... which I was not sure about ahead of time. I came away convinced. The cheese (creamy feta) complemented the sweetness of the beets very well we thought.Then we ordered dessert. The desserts are smaller potions. Our group appreciated this because we could get multiple for the table ... and we were almost full already. the special was an almond scone with dark chocolate fudgy ice cream mousse. The scone was flavorful, delicate and delicious. The mousse was tremendous. Creamy, chocolately, DARK. We also ordered the chocolate-covered bacon s'mores. They come with delicious whipped peanut butter and caramel sauce. Our waitress told us it was the best thing for those who were "adventurous". If by adventurous you mean, "loves delicious, unique, inventive desserts", then she was 100% right.  And we are that kind of people. And we loved the s'mores. Thanks Beckett's Table for an excellent dining experience!
3	My boyfriend and I went here for my birthday dinner because we live close by and I always wanted to try the place because it looks busy and I like that you can see into the restaurant when you drive by. The service was good, no complaints but they were out of the dish I wanted to order :( which was also their most popular dish. I understand how you could be out, but really? You'd think if it's a popular menu item then they'd make sure that everything for that was readily available. Anyways, my boyfriend had the shepherds pie and I had the short ribs. It's was good but not great. I had much higher hopes for this place because everything looks and feels right but it was honestly just missing something. I may eventually give it another shot. But not anytime soon especially since Postino's is right up the road.
5	I live in the neighborhood and have become a regular at Beckett's Table.  This review is long overdue, so better late than never.  I've been going into the restaurant since about a month after they opened.  I've been in countless times.  The food is incredible, the service is always genuine and friendly, and the atmosphere is laid back and welcoming.  Justin(the chef and restaurant namesake) and Scott(his front of the house manager and partner) are two of the nicest human beings you will ever meet.  They care and it shows!
5	Beckett's  Table has many modern food choices and everything is good. I forget exactly what it was called but there is an all chocolate dessert that is to die for! the customer service is great! In all my experience the waiters and waitresses there are kind, funny, and considerate. I also am very happy that it's located right next Ballet Arizona.
5	Finally made it to Becketts Table in Phoenix....awesome, best ossobuco ever and amazing sheppards pie.  Try the grilled cheese appetizer too.  Great job Justin!
3	My rating is actually more in the range of 3.5. Went here for a birthday dinner with friends and was really impressed by ambience and service. The server was very knowledgeable about the food ( at times I felt I was listening to the chef or critics on the food network). The appetizers we ordered were chicken meatballs and the grilled cheese sandwich. My! They were amazing. The place loses some stars due to the main course round. Do not have the chicken dumpling dish, it's terrible. The salmon and sea bass are just ok, have had better. The pork chile stew is quite decent and flavorful. For desert our strategy was to have a safe bet ( death by chocolate) and be adventurous ( bacon dipped in chocolate smores) . Both were quite decent. The latter is interesting and basically helped me check off under ' new experience of the day'. Given the small menu, it my no be a repeat kind of place but do try the experience once.
4	what i didn't write a review yet ..wtf ...went here for my birthday dinner started with the board with cheeses meats nuts raisins ...ah lots of goodies...had a delicious fish dish prepared perfect,mac and cheese because i could,cant remember what the wife had but remember it was tasty as well great service and ambiance
2	After hearing wonderful things about Beckett's Table we were eager to try it out for date night.First impression-I wish it was in a better part of town and it appears they are going for the whole Chelsea's Kitchen vibe with ambiance.  Their food doesn't even compare to CK however.   Our server was Cort and he was nice enough. Didn't wow me but servers don't need to as long as they are nice.  He recommended for apps the cheddar bacon biscuits and the bacon Mac n' cheese.  The biscuits were dry and just ok.  The Mac n' cheese was meh.My husband ordered the chicken which in the center had cold spots.  We told our server who took it back to the kitchen and a new one was prepared.  When the manager brought it out she remarked "do want to see if it's hot enough for you now?". We all thought that was rude.  People don't go to restaurants and hope for their food to be cold!I had the fork tender short ribs.  They were good but just average.  My friend had the pork chop which was also good and her husband the pork stew which he described as "hearty but not fantastic."We will not be making a repeat visit.  The food was mediocre and in fact is still sitting in my stomach like a rock.
5	This is Coco's (of The Sibbach Team) favorite restaurant in Phoenix. Everyone needs to try the incredible food prepared by Chef Beckett and the comfortable setting! The owners are Justin and Michelle Beckett, past clients of The Sibbach Team.
4	Had some foody friends from Denver in town so we wanted to experience with them. Seated near the back patio door which was cold and smokey when they opened the door. Don't sit there! Like others have said, the interior was kinda like a mini Chelsea's kitchen. Server was on her game and very helpful. Had downloaded the menu from the site so was ready to order a Rib eye (?), but was informed that the old menu was on the site! *SMH*. Online world Chef - please be on top of that.  Apps - super creamy grits & schreiner's sausage trio and the oven roasted organic beets. I would never order the beets, but it was friggin good! Dinner - Mrs. had the pork osso buco confit, I had the roasted & grilled pork chop. This goodness under $20! This is why this place is packed all the time! Desserts - Started with the chocolate dipped bacon s'mores. OK, alot of reviews that this was unbelievable, super good, etc.. I love Bacon! But this was kinda meh. After a good meal, you want something equally good for dessert. We ordered the death by chocolate... Redemption! Besides that bad table location, everyone had a great meal. The service was excellent and the prices were reasonable. Overall, I will be back!
5	This is my new favorite restaurant.  It's become my go-to for special occasions, guests, and any time I want a great meal.I've been there maybe half a dozen times now, and it's always been consistently great.  Love the building, love the atmosphere, love the service.  Only quibble is that sometimes it's hard to get a reservation, but then the restaurant is only half empty (e.g. V-day we had dinner there at 5PM cuz that was their only time available before 8PM, but the restaurant was half empty!)Some comments on the comments: Yes, their menu is small-ish.  You won't be overwhelmed with choices, but they have plenty to choose from.  Also, their food is local and seasonal, so what you ate in Nov you probably won't get in May.  Also, their portion sizes are very reasonable.  It's definitely a place where you might want to order a starter if you're very hungry.In terms of starters, I've had the brussel sprouts (yum!), the noshing board (delish and even made my mustard hating husband like the whole grain mustard), and the chopped salad (yummy way to get your daily serving of veggies).  I remember LOVING the salmon the first time I had it.  I'm definitely getting the short ribs next time if they're still available.  My dad had the gluten free hamburger and was in heaven.  He was so happy to find a place with a GF burger and it was the first real burger he's eaten in several years.  They also have regular daily specials, so every time you go in you can probably get something new and different.I ate the bacon smore dessert, and honestly, I wasn't that huge of a fan of the chocolate covered bacon.  It was a little too rich for me.  The rest of the dish was delicious though.  Also tried the fig pie, and it was amazing!  The death by chocolate was also very good and not too rich.This is my favorite place to eat in Phoenix at the moment.
4	Very good restaurant.  Almost everything is locally grown.  The oven roasted organic beets were amazing.  I also had the pork osso buco confit.  It was tender and tasteful  Didn't need to use my knife at all.  I can see myself coming back when I'm in town.  I would for sure order the beets again.
5	A  little slice of heaven in my hood that I wanted to savor and marinate and hold secret..but realize Justin and his crew should get every 5 star they deserve.. Even if it means I no longer get a seat. The whole crew here is awesome and warm at it's best. The mussels are devine. As I have been ordering them weekly for over a year. Big, big bowl sweet, savory and oh so delicious! You can ask for the bread to be gluten fre to ensure you get a gluten free meal as specified on the menu. There are many gluten free and vegetarian options on the menu and always great specials. He makes a mean pan roasted chicken and the ever popular bacon smore dessert.  A MUST!! My 11 year old daughter would live here if she could! Comfort food at it's best in a good old school urban energetic yet laid back family dining. Beckett's Table is ALWAYS in my top 3 weekly dining spots.
5	Peggy and I visited this amazingly good restaurant tonight. In spite of it being booked, we were able to be seated in a comfortable table after promising that we would not linger.   The wait staff (Jonathan) was courteous, efficient, and very helpful to us rookies.  Sausage appetizer, soup, green chili stew, short ribs, special coconut cake....all were amazing. The Chef greeted us and showed his concern and appreciation.  This is a must do, and we shall return.
5	I came here the other week while on a business trip to Phoenix. A coworker of mine recommended it and it did not disappoint! Our table of 4 started with a few appetizers.  We had:- organic brussels sprouts, lemon vinaigrette, pancetta - beckett's original grilled cheese, pancetta (aka bacon), four cheeses, roasted red pepper tomato soup- chicken meatballs & smoky tomato sauce, roasted onions, eggplant & peppers, bread crumbsI did not try the grilled cheese (though I did try the roasted red pepper soup/dip, yumm!), but the brussel sprouts (minus pancetta, I don't eat pork) and the chicken meatballs were delicious!For the main course, my table of 3 big guys + me was heavy on the pork. All 3 of them ordered a different pork dish (they have a lot of pork on the menu!) and I went with the beef braised short ribs. I was going to be good and get fish, but when the waiter described the short ribs I couldn't resist. They were so flavorful and so tender that I've dreamed about that dish since! Dish descriptions:- fire roasted green chile pork stew, corn bread, cotija cheese- pork osso buco confit grilled apple spaetzle, pepper reduction- roasted & grilled pork chop*, griddled grit cake, braised greens- fork tender short ribs, mashed potatoes, roasted root veggies, red wine reductionI did not try any of the pork dishes, but reviews from my coworkers were off the charts. I would order the short ribs again in a heart beat.The service was also exceptional. One of the most enjoyable meals I've had in Phoenix, I'd highly recommend checking out Beckett's Table!
5	Love this place. Inspired, creative, and beautifully prepared farm-to-table cuisine. Just got back from 2nd time here and it confirmed that the 1st dinner was no fluke. Nicely diverse menu, love the use of seasonal and organic veggies. Everything I've ordered or tasted here (Duck Three Ways entree special, Pork Osso Buco entree, various appetizers, sides & desserts) has been outstanding. Service has always been warm and attentive, even on an uber-busy Saturday night. Like the open kitchen and the whole vibe here; energetic but not too loud & hectic.  Enjoyed the 50% off Sunday Night special on Arizona wines -- surprised my out-of-town snobby parents ("Arizona wine? That can't be any good") with a wonderful Keeling Schaefer Syrah. Prices are way reasonable (entrees $12-$21) for the quality and portions. A great evening out.
5	Wonderful food.  I went here for my birthday and Valentine's day.  We went for one of there special events (Robert Craig wine dinner).  The food was amazing and I wish served as part of the normal menu.  Favorite appetizers is the tomato soup dish.  Favorite desert is the S'mores. So far favorite main has been either the chicken or ribs (not counting the lamb at the special event, it was out of this world).  This place has great cocktails that are reasonably priced and creative.  I recommend the Finn's dilemma.  This is a kid friendly place.  Finally, the servers we have had each of the four times we have been (all different) were great.  Honest about strengths and weaknesses in dishes, insightful, and thoughtful in responding to questions.
5	Very nice neighborhood spot.  The mussels are great and both pork dishes we tried were outstanding.  The Bacon-Cheddar biscuits make the meal and Fig pecan pie is the perfect finish.
4	We enjoyed our meal here.
3	Beckett's Table was on my "must try it" list after reading reviews and seeing the creative menu and the beautiful wine list. The service and atmosphere was excellent, but the food was nothing to write home about. It was surprisingly boring and didn't give me the WOW factor I was looking for. We started with the Grilled Cheese Appetizer, the grilled cheese was just a grilled cheese and the tomato soup was flavorless.  My husband ordered a burger the brioche bun was dry and the burger was okay. I ordered the short ribs and it was the best thing we ordered, but I could make it at home. I can't say I would go back again. I have a rule; if I can make it better at home I won't come back.
4	Wifey and I have been here several times. Each time the service has been good. Wait staff has been attentive. Nice to have a neighborhood joint that is consistent. Always been able to get in without a long wait. "Twenty minutes wait" sends me searching elsewhere. There are too many food joints in a 5 mile radius to have to wait. We tend to eat early to avoid the craziness, usually around 530P.
1	The last time we dined at Beckett's was about a month ago, and the last. We have been big fans of the place since it opened, and have been there several times. The food is always good, and we found one server we liked a lot (sorry but her name escapes me) but the last time we were there, our server lied to us to cover up for the huge ego in the kitchen that would not accomodate a special request my husband had for his dessert - which was to add another scoop of ice cream to it. That's it. Game over.
2	I really had high hopes going into our dinner at Beckett's Table. In the end, though, I left quite underwhelmed. The food, pretty much all of it, is good enough but nothing I will remember tomorrow. My wife had the steamed white bass, the clear winner at the table. The short ribs, pork stew and vegetable plate were all passable, nothing more. The mussels were downright bad and were returned because they both smelled and tasted like they should have been thrown out a few days prior.We shared three appetizers among the 8 of us and none stood out. So much so I honestly can't remember what one of them was an hour later. Pass on the desserts -- both the coconut cake and the death by chocolate cake were dry and lacked any real flavor.Perhaps the oddest part of the meal was the service. Our server must have been a politician in a past life -- no real answers to any questions asked. If you ask which entree is better, A or B, you get a dissertation about how each is prepared and the fact that salmon has good Omega-3's. Not really what we were looking for. When we returned the mussels, we were told they were going to be "retired" from the menu for the evening, yet we saw no less than 4 orders go out afterward. The atmosphere of the restaurant itself was great. It seemed friendly and casual and is appropriate for families. The patio is nice and large with a great fireplace. I also liked the open kitchen. Unfortunately those attributes do not make up for so-so food and odd service, so we'll likely only return if we get a craving for white bass.
4	We finally made it Becketts Table - for Easter supper.  Everything had powerful but appropriate taste and texture [where that makes any sense] from the lemonade all the way through the meal.  The flavor additions to each food enhanced rather than detracted [from] the inherent flavor of the food. Wife had steamed bass - delicate enhancements; my daughter, the burger - smokey wood flame-broiled - a strong enhancement; the appetizer - briefly-roasted feta cheese had also briefly-roasted purple sage leaves, fire-dried heirloom tomatoes, roasted garlic cloves and peppers with a minimum of capsaicin which all conspired to adroitly enhance the somewhat delicate feta. I had pork osso buco which needed and received next to nothing, and never lifted a knife.Delicious in my opinion.
4	Food was very good although expensive so I won't be a regular but will definitely return. Reminded us of one of our favorite restaurants when we lived in Omaha, NE but doesn't quite hit the mark.  Gave it four stars because while good the food should have been great for the prices. Now that I type this I actually don't think I will return. Maybe once more, good to give a place more than once chance.  One thing is if you have special dietary needs like gluten free they are exceptionally accommodating.
5	Well, once again Peggy and I ventured to Beckett's Table....yeah...like having been there like 5 times in a couple of months is a fluke.  OMG...once again the food was amazing, the service superb and the warmth of the "welcoming committee" of at least 5 different people from the restaurant was again as comfortable as your favorite article of clothing.   Chef Justin, his wife Michelle, and co-owner Scott were there with open arms and the graciousness is infectious. This place continues to be amazing and will be at the top of our list for a long time to come. Keep up the insanely good work!Dr. Bob
5	Our visit to Beckett's Table has been a long time coming given the buzz and hype, but we finally got there last night.  Normally I would visit a few times before doing a review but after 6 courses with wine pairings I feel justified in sharing our first impressions.  Frankly there wasn't anything I would have changed.  The urban atmosphere was our style - open kitchen, community table, warm welcome and appropriate attention from Chef Beckett, the wait staff and bartender.  The food was inspired - bold combinations of local ingredients, artfully plated and presented with pride.  The prices were good (I don't understand the reviews that say otherwise (?)...).  We started with a Pimm's Cup at the bar.  It tasted just like our favorite Napoleon House Pimms in New Orleans - made with ginger ale and Sprite.  We then joined our friends at the community table for a multi-course meal with wine pairings from Arizona's Sand-Reckoner vineyards.  The winemakers were with us so we were able to get a play-by-play along the way. We had:* heirloom tomatoes, crow's dairy feta, shaved carrots, baby herbs, evoo and goat quark* tomato powder seared shrimp, black & white organic barley, "first of the season" ramps, green garlic chips, hearts of fire, white beets, seabeans and schrienders bacon* mac-n-cheese with pancetta (we added this dish after we saw it ordered by another table) *rabbit tenderloin wellington, morrel mushroom duxelle, wild rice* chocolate torte, dark chocolate ice cream, quince reduction* beckett's original grilled cheese with pancetta and tomato soup (for the ride home)Everything was super good.  And we had a lot of fun.  That's what sharing a meal with friends is all about! If you like great food, created with love and served with passion I strongly suggest you give Beckett's Table a try.  We'll be back.
5	Once again, I am visiting this page like a relative that I REALLY want to see. Peggy and I dropped in unannounced (read: no reservation) and again were taken care of in the Cheers-like-welcome-back kinda greeting. The flatiron steak special with an incredible fingerling potato and rocket (no, not the Herbie Hancock version but mighty wonderful anyway) salad was memorable. Peggy had the make-me-a mussel dinner that was superb. I am almost to the point of addiction to the grits and sausage appetizer. Once again, a wonderful experience with who now seem to be the old friends from your hometown that you WANT to spend time with as much as you can! Dr. B
2	The service was horrible, the food was just ok, the wine list is great, however by the time we were served the wine, we had forgotten what we ordered. Sat outside on patio, great night for it last night and they decided to turn the mister's on....BIG mistake, two of us were wearing glasses and they got completely soaking wet, won't even discuss our clothes......took them 45 minutes to finally shut off...
5	My husband and I were in Phoenix for a trade show recently and I Yelped restaurants in the area looking for Gluten-Free dishes.  Having lived in Phoenix for a nanosecond many years ago, I was not expecting a whole lot.... Much like Vegas, Phoenix has long had a fondness for bad decor Italian restaurants with unimaginative food and chain restaurants. However, the reviews for Beckett's Table were great so I figured it was worth a try.WOW... I was beyond pleasantly surprised.  I will go as far as to say it was one of the best meals I have ever had, hands down.  That's saying a lot!  As I told the waiter, Beckett's Table would give any restaurant of its kind in NYC a run for its money.I had the vegetable chopped salad which tasted like the tomatoes and other vegetables were just picked, the roasted PEI mussels (yummy!) and last but not least... the chocolate-dipped bacon s'mores.  My taste buds were in heaven.  Perfection.  My husband's meal was also fantastic. Everything tasted so fresh and well-made.  You really don't get better than this.The night we went was a Wednesday and it was packed.  I would imagine that is the case most nights... however, don't let that deter you from making a reservation. Truly a gem... Perfection in every way.  Next time I'm in town, it will be the first and last place we go!  Hey guys... if you ever want to open another restaurant, do it in Westport, CT!!
5	Yet again,  Peg and I visited Chef Beckett and company. There was a birthday in the family and we took it as as opportunity to introduce three new mouths to the wonderfulness that is the Beckett menu.I had the tried and true petite chicken (I mean really, bacon biscuit stuffing?), Peg has officially gone from the this-is-really-good to tell-me-again-what-is-bad-with-addiction for the mussels, and our guests tried the mussels, beef bourguignon shepherd's pie, and the "b" burger.  This is not the typical "have it your way  burger"....this is the best of several worlds with buttered brioche, boursin, bibb lettuce, bacon, and beefsteak tomato  The fries were wonderfully crisp and shared.  Coconut cake, the pecan and fig pie and two varieties of ice cream were split amount the bunch.  The server was efficient. Others that we have had there have had a bit more personality,  but I'm not looking for a play-date.  The front of the house continues to be well run and organized, and the usual suspects (Scott and Katie) as well as Montgomery and Kammie (please excuse the spelling if incorrect) provided the courteous confirmation of our reservation.For those not yet formally introduced to this place, this is truly worth a try...or 10!  Dr. B
5	A friend of ours from out of town planned a dinner here for 9 people last Friday night. After reading the reviews, I was excited to go to Beckett's Table. We may not have gone here on our own because the location is pretty out of our way, but I am glad we did. Our server, Brandon, was awesome! He was knowledgeable and helpful, and he made our visit extra enjoyable. My hubby and I showed up on time while the rest of our party was running late. Rather than punish us for being there on time, the hostesses sat us immediately. We ordered our drinks and the grilled cheese and tomato soup appetizers. What a great idea! I thought it might be a bit strange for an appetizer, but it was the perfect amount of food to tide us over until our party arrived. We dipped the sandwich into the creamy, spicy soup.  YUMMY! After our party arrived, they ordered appetizers. I did not try the roasted feta appetizer, but it looked delish and my friends really enjoyed it. My main course was as good as the appetizer. I had the flank steak. Usually a flank steak is not the best cut of meat, but this steak was excellent!! Thickly cut and tender; this steak was perfectly prepared. We will definitely return to this place, and we will request to sit in Brandon's section.
5	In what is becoming our if-its-fillintheday-we-have-to-go-to Beckett's-Table, Peg and I went on this evening and experienced a very satisfying burger and grilled cheese sandwich dinner. Of course, I had to mainline the grits and sausage again, and the chopped salad was wonderful. It is so nice to be able to have a very sophisticated dinner and a comfort food dinner at the same place with the same friendliness and service that is delivered no matter what the tab.  NIcholas was again a pleasant guide and kept things moving well. Scott is always a plethora of knowledge...and the Chef is just taking care of business!
5	Just ate here for the second time last night. The service here is always impeccable and I love the vibe. It's very laid back and comfortable, a great place for good food and good conversation. I didn't figure we would need reservations as it was a typical Tuesday night and we were able to get right in. My friend and I tried the mac n' cheese for appetizer and it was delicious; the pancetta is a great extra! The last time I was here I ordered the mussels, but this time I went with the Pork Osso Bucco and it was delicious! The spaetzle added a nice extra texture to the dish and the pork was fork tender. My friend ordered the chicken and the only thing she left on her plate were the clean chicken bones, so she clearly enjoyed her meal. I will definitely be back.
5	Was in town for business and met up with a couple of friends to have dinner-- went to Beckett's Table on their suggestion (and trust me, I always follow these friends suggestions when it comes to food!!)Had an absolutely wonderful experience. The outdoor seating was comfortable even with it being 90+ degrees outside. Loved the wine selection, and the wait staff was friendly and knowledgeable on what to pair with food. They were helpful in narrowing down a selection for me within my dietary restrictions-- and the meal I had was one of the best pieces of salmon I have ever had. Recommended this to the rest of the individuals in my training class!!
5	Awesome food and service!
5	I love beckett's table.  a welcomed addition to the neighborhood.  nice bar, community table.  cozy interior, very well designed.  modern and comfortable. screams comfort and comfort food.  reminiscent of the old radio milano.  The food is excellent, but i always gotta go for the short ribs, their specialty.  Consistent food and service.  Make reservations to avoid disappointment.  i usually don't want to leave.
5	As soon as my Fiance and I got off the plane, we headed to Beckett's Table. It had been recommended by some good friends who moved out to AZ a couple of years ago. If you are any type of foodie or just want a really good meal with great service this is the place to go. It was the best food we had during our 4 day stay, as well as some of the best food we had had out in awhile. The service was top notch, from the time we entered the restaurant to the time we got up from the amazingly crafted, long wood, community table. Justin Beckett himself stopped by and we ended up talking for 10 or so minutes. He is the owner and head chef (not that you probably didn't guess that already) and was very personable to talk to.  We enjoyed that he came out of the kitchen to talk with the guests and that he shared with us his story of creating his vision. The place was wonderfully designed, with wood beams hugging the ceilings, wonderful tables and chairs, an inviting patio and like I mentioned, a beautiful community table. The views of the kitchen were fun too. We started with a great beet appetizer that was served in a hot skillet. It had a great tangy glaze and the beets were tri-colored, which made it also a pretty dish (it came with fetta and nuts that we had on the side), a wonderful way to start the meal for sure. For the main course I got the steamed Bass with organic vegetables and my Fiance got the cheddar biscuits and the chicken & dumplings. Both were amazing dishes and I have not had fish cooked that well in a really long time, it melted in my mouth and had a wonderful, fresh flavor. I was on a cleanse while I was there and they were more than accommodating with my picky requests. If I would not have been on a cleanse I would have gotten dessert, the coconut cake looked absolutely amazing (I was salivating when they brought one out to the person next to us) and I heard that they are known for their fig-pecan pie. Also, the wine list looked great and on Saturday's they have half price bottles (as an FYI). If you are in the area this place is worth the visit....We will definitely be back the next time we are in AZ!
5	Taking a familiar path in this update, I am once again extolling the wonderful experience that is Beckett's Table. In the reviews that I have done on behalf of Peggy and myself, I have chosen to only give kudos to places that we have found extraordinary. There are always critics who find fault but, as I have mentioned before, rather than writing negative things about a place, I just don't return and look for other gems.The impetus for this review is the superb customer service that Chef Beckett, Scott,  Katie, our recently met Emily (who took care of us tonight) and the rest of the team bring to the experience. As we all know, customer service is allll about attitude..no culinary chops needed. In the midst of Restaurant Week (read full dining room, and fast paced everything), the service and accommodation did not miss a "beet"  (oh yeah...I revisited the salad once again). Regardless of where your palate takes you, and of course I highly recommend that it take you to this place,  I hope that you are open to seeing the hard work and the incredible passion that comes from people who devote their spirit to not only great food, but to share a part of their love of the job with us.   Dr. B
5	Absolutely wonderful, even as a vegan!!  This "meat " establishment knows how to do vegetables and they have eAn excellent wine menu!  Service was impeccable and I can't wait to go back.
5	Ah, restaurant week...my favorite! A chance to check out new 'favorite' places...and we found one! I often meet friends for coffee at Mama Java's and right down the strip mall I have seen the place...Beckett's Table. But since I am always there during the day (they are only open in the evening) I had never been able to check them out. We decided to go with the restaurant week set menu (which looked fabulous!) I had the zucchini cakes to start (amazingly delicious with green goddess dressing) and my spouse had the white grape gazpacho...very different and VERY good! He had the roasted pork loin for an entree which smelled fabulous and tasted even better!  I had the shepherds pie....not an A+ but pretty tasty. But the desserts were to come....and I had one of the most inventive and imaginative one ever: chocolate dipped bacon s'mores! WOW. An amazing experience! The service was excellent....friendly but not intrusive. And I loved that everyone from the hostess to the servers remembered our name from the reservation. Thanks for a great evening of food and relaxation! We will be back!
3	The restaurant is gorgeous and the atmosphere is wonderful. However, I was not as impressed with the food. To be fair the appetizers and desserts were MUCH better than the main courses. For starters we had the Mac and Cheese and the Grilled Cheese, both were delicious (especially the Mac). For dinner I had the white fish and it was so bland. I mean there was absolutely no seasoning what so ever and it was served with a cold beet salad that made the fish cold almost instantly...major fail. My boyfriend got the mussels, they were better but still not fantastic. The other person in our party got the pork green chili and she said it was "pretty good". Now for dessert, we split the brown butter ice cream and the chocolate covered bacon s'mores, oh my god they were to die for. So, yes we will be back but next time we will skip the pricey entrees and stick with a bunch of small plates.
4	This was a hard rating to give.  Honestly, I give the service a 5 star and the food a 3 star.  We came for restaraunt week.  The first thing that I noticed was that the food being offered for restaraunt week was not on the real menu.  This indicated to me that it is food to feed the masses and not the chef's best effort.  But I remained open-minded.  As I said before, the service was fabulous.  The waitress didn't skip a beat!  I was very impressed.  The starters were yummy.  Me and my husband got the salad and zuchinni cakes and split both.  The cakes were crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside and the salad had the perfect balance of flavors and just a spritz of dressing.  The first course set me up to be very exicted for dinner and then it just wasn't.  I got the white fish.  It was two huge slabs of fish on top of a weird red sauce that had green olives and potatos cooked in it.  On top of the fish was a tiny bit of a white sauce.  It was confusing!  Was I supposed to use the white sauce or the red sauce to flavor the fish.  It wouldn't have mattered either way because both were bland and the fish was the most bland.  I had to salt all of it.  My husband got the shepards pie.  He liked it ok.  Desert was interesting.  The whipped peanut butter was awesome but doesn't really pair well with chocolate covered bacon.  Overall, I think I want to try it again and eat from thier real menu!
4	Was very good. Staff was excellent and food was very good. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is that although it was very good, it wasn't out of this world.
5	Wow I absolutely love this place. I have been here twice now, once a bit over a year ago and again last week for restaurant week. The food is amazing.The item that I remember from my first visit that got me to come back was the bacon dipped chocolate s'mores. They are amazing i love the savory sweet combo of the bacon and the homemade marshmallows are fantastic. The peanut butter is also great and doesn't have that super creamy over processed taste that stuff like Skippy has.To reverse course the meal started with the sausage and grits appetizer which was fantastic. Little bits of sun dried tomato mixed in made this a fantastic dish. The sausage had just the right amount of heat to pair perfectly with grits. The bread that we got was fantastic as well. The honey wheat was my favorite but the jalapeno cheese was really good too.I also got the zucchini cakes which were phenomenal. I love fried zucchini and fresh and these were the best of both worlds. The flavors that were packed in while still keeping the taste of the zucchini was great. The aoili that it came with was really good as well. Pretty sure it was a cilantro lime but had some other flavors too, I think lemongrass was one I picked up.The main course was the pork loin with baked beans and coleslaw. Our waiter, who was fantastic, strongly recommend this and I couldn't have been happier taking his suggestion. This was like the fanciest BBQ you could possibly have. It took classic BBQ flavors and paired it with a perfectly cooked chop. I am not a huge coleslaw fan but I ate every bite on this plate. Was a great blend of upscale cuisine and backyard BBQ. Overall it was a fantastic meal with great service and very good food. Can't wait to come back and try some more. Very happy to have been here and to have Beckett's table be my 100th yelp review.
4	I was really on the fence if I should give this review 3 or 4 stars.Stopped in yesterday for the s'mores milkshake. This was my first visit to Beckett's Table and I've been wanting to try it ever since I heard a review about their chocolate covered bacon! The chocolate covered bacon is served as part of their s'mores dessert. For Arizona Dairy month they have made this dessert into a milkshake.The milkshake was tasty but just ok in my opinion. I think it had one or two too many flavors going on for my preference. It had the standard s'mores ingredients of marshmallow, chocolate, graham crackers and also had an addition of bacon, caramel and peanut butter. I think if the peanut butter had been left out it would have been way better! (I like peanut butter but it just seemed to take away from the other delicious flavors instead of add to them.) The part of the shake I was looking forward to the most was the chocolate covered bacon! Sadly, the piece that came with the shake tasted burnt. (This coming from someone who likes their bacon very well done!) But when we mentioned it to our server he was very nice and brought us out two more pieces of chocolate covered bacon to make up for it. And those ones tasted better. =)Speaking of the service...it was great. This is the reason for the 4 stars. The atmosphere is lovely. They are very attentive on filling up your water glass and making sure you enjoyed everything. It was great till the end, when we wanted to get our check...which took a while. But I don't hold that against them...our server seemed to have too many tables to look after. I hope to stop in again to try their food when I have more time.
5	What a fun spot! Came here on a Wed night out of the blue with the hubs & some friends. I have been wanting to stop in for quite a while, and I was glad to have the opportunity.We were sat promptly, and water was on the table quickly. The menu was SO interesting to read, and immediately I found four or five items that sounded delicious. Being pregnant, I stuck with water, but the rest of the people at our table enjoyed some great beers of draft - they were happy with the selection.For dinner I ordered the Vegetable Chop salad & a side of the bacon cheddar biscuits. ( How could you NOT order something that fabulous?) Hubs ordered the Pork Osso Buco Confit (and yes, I did have to go to Beckett's website to get that name, no way I was remembering that on my own.) Two others at our table ordered the Cast Iron Chicken & Chicken Meatballs. Before we knew it, our orders were at the table. They LOOKED delicious, and from the first bite we weren't disappointed. The pork my husband ordered was nothing short of incredible, and my salad was the perfect size & well proportioned (I hate when you are overloaded with too much lettuce and not enough veggies.) Our table mates devoured their meals - not giving us a bite, which was understandable.For dessert we ordered a Peanut Butter Smores milkshake. Oh my richness-heavenly-milkshakeland. That milkshake definitely brings the boys to the yard. Oh, and it came with a chocolate covered strip of bacon. Are you kidding me? Awesome.Can't wait to go back!
3	Love the space and ambiance, was underwhelmed by the food. I had the flat iron steak and the mashed potatoes...My steak was overcooked, but the mashed potatoes were pretty good. For a party of four, other things ordered at the table was a beet salad, sea bass, mac and cheese, a salad and the cast iron chicken. Everything was received pretty well, though no one raved about their meal. I think I just picked the wrong thing on the menu. The highlight of the meal was a side of bacon cheddar biscuits that were really good. I would 100% get those again. I'd come back, but the menu overall didn't speak to me that much, and I didn't have anything that really wowed me. Service was attentive, they were great with refilling drinks/waters as well.It was an OK experience, with some high notes, but the food fell flat.
5	First visit this past Saturday.  7 pm, no tables available til 8:15 so... we were offered a place at the community table or at the bar - we chose the bar as there were 3 seats together.  It was a perfect choice.  Very personal service, some good conversation and excellent food and wine.  3 of us had 3 different entrees and each one was perfect.  Shrimp with andoille(sp) sausage, Pork Chop and Shepherds Pie.  Fox Valley Pino Gris wine!.  My spelling may not be up to par but believe me - your visit will be.  We met the Chef's wife and she was as charming as the restaurant.  Very nice place, sensibly priced and worth a visit - or visits.
4	One more recent Phoenix landmark to knock off my checklist.  Nice open social space.  Good attention to detail by wait staff.  My Osso Bucco and spaetzle meal was proof that Germans and Italians can create great things together.  In spite of the length of my restaurant to-do list I will make sure that this place gets more visits.And yes, the parking lot does suck.
4	Went there for the first time on Father's Day.  Anticipated a crazy, busy, loud restaurant full of people, but was pleasantly surprised to find a nice, semi-quiet establishment.  I ordered the signature fork tender, "lip smackin" Short Ribs.  One word, awesome!  At first glance, you'd think that the portion was on the small size; however, do not be fooled.  After completing that meal, I was content and satisfied.  The Short Ribs was truly what it advertised, and each bite was full of rich flavors.  Already giving the "thumbs up" to a wonderful meal that I just had, I didn't anticipate the luscious dessert that was to come: Coconut cake with Brown Butter Ice Cream sitting on top a drizzle of White and Milk Chocolate.  I've had my share of coconut cakes in the past; however, this one was unique because they toasted the coconut and rolled it around this perfectly square piece of cake.  Advice: ask for an extra side of milk chocolate to dip your cake into!  Although they could've left out the smoked cashews, this dessert was absolutely "heavenly"!The service was great and the ambiance was vibrant yet relaxed.  I noticed alot of families (maybe because it was Father's Day), a bunch of ladies, men at the bar watching the TV screens,  and also couples.  A restaurant for all!
4	Heard about Beckett's table at Devoured Phoenix, and I'm glad we went to try it out. Very cool atmosphere and decor, I love the community tables and the pigs hidden around the decor are fun to pick out.The food was top notch, think traditional American cuisine with an international twist, classed up a notch or two.
5	Grilled cheese appetizer is absolutely outstanding.  Braised short rib and White sea bass entrees were superb.  Definitely a must visit dining experience ....an added plus is the very knowledgeable wait staff.   Do not miss this one!
5	Great service, amazing flavors, and a cool ambiance for diners that want to get out of the Phoenix heat!
2	I wanted to love this place because I had heard great things from friends, but unfortunately my husband and I were disappointed in our experience.We started off the night well with a warm and welcoming server. It felt as though they really appreciated their customers choosing to dine with them. Also, the decor was fantastic. We loved the open floor plan, wood beam ceilings, and the glassware.For our appetizer, we ordered the "Mac 'N' Cheese" with crispy pancetta--delicious! We could have not been more pleased with that dish. It was delectable, but not heavy or greasy at all. The pancetta was perfection.For drinks, my husband ordered the "Legend City Cocktail" which he said was great. I ordered "Miss Katie's Pimms Cup" (clearly one of the most girly drinks on the menu) and I really enjoyed it. So far, so good.Then the main dishes. This is where Beckett's Table lost us. I ordered the "Fork Tender Short Ribs". They were okay, not awesome, and I have definitely had better at a few other places. The short ribs were tender enough but not well seasoned, and the vegetables were too raw and not cooked long enough. I was disappointed because I felt I could make the same dish, only better and cheaper, at home. My husband ordered the "Chicken 'N' Dumplings" which was also a let down. The chef did not add any salt or seasonings to the dish, so it was very bland. We thought it was possibly a mistake, so after adding enough salt to flavor, we mentioned it to the server. We felt like he was giving us a bit of story, because after some hesitation he said "Oh well, maybe I didn't mention it, but this is one of our more mild dishes." Meh. Even if that is the truth, that doesn't make it any better of a dish. Also, the vegetables in it were hard--the carrots and celery should be tender, not crunchy and raw.In the end, if we ever return to Beckett's Table it would be solely for cocktails, not food. Nice atmosphere, but the quality does not match up to the pricing.
5	We came in to support DevourPhoenix and Waste Not, and ended up loving all 5 dishes and my drink. The osso bucco is to die for, the zucchinni cakes were amazing, the biscuits are great, and the dessert--the bacon smores--are surprisingly awesome. my AZ Farmland drink was excellent and a decent size.our waiter was funny, always checking in, and he made great recommendations that he clearly knew about. we couldn't decide on two desserts, because we also wanted to try the cream cheese citrus ice cream, and instead got two completely different desserts. our waiter brought by a scoop of the ice cream at the very end which was a very kind surprise.
5	Stopped into this comfy spot on a Sunday night at 6:30pm for a birthday dinner with about 15 other people.  We had a reservation and were immediately sat.  The restaurant was about 90% full and i didn't see a wait.  Atmosphere is very simple and comfortable, I could see myself stopping in here in just a t-shirt, jeans and sneakers, or on a romantic date in a cute outfit and heels.  I love versatile places like this.The bar is on the smaller side, but looked pretty inviting.  There is a gorgeous community table in between the bar and the dining area that I would LOVE to take home with me.Now onto the actual amazing experience...I had actually arrived a little late, but even so, the server (didn't catch her name, she was a cute lady with short light brown hair) was quick to address us formally and grab us a drink order.After catching up with everyone, our order was very politely taken without yelling over anyone's conversation or interrupting our pointless chit chat.  Even though they were out of what my significant other wanted originally, he was very politely directed towards another entree in which he absolutely loved.  I think he would have licked the plate if no one was looking.I had the bass which was full of a variety of balanced flavors and textures that accompanied the bass very well.  All I heard from the rest of my party were rave reviews after the first few bites.During dinner, service did not waver in greatness either.  Waters were consistently filled and maintained.  Used dishes and glassware were immediately taken when no longer needed.  I believe each and every one of us were personally asked how our entrees were which was a very nice personal touch.The bill was politely dropped as well and I think 5 different people gave us their thanks and good byes before we left.  One of the floor managers was up front by the door and held it opened and asked how our dinner was before we left as well.All in all I had absolutely no complaints and will be visiting again very soon.  Thank you Beckett's Table for the refreshing service and delicious dinner!
5	What a gem! We had reservations for 6pm on a Saturday night and from the moment we entered till the moment we left, our experience was amazing. The place is homey and cozy with the delicious scent of good food all around. Think good old-fashioned American specialities with a savory twist. We were shown to our table and waited on with such attention that we almost couldn't believe it. Our water glasses never went empty, and we never sat for more than a few minutes without someone paying attention to us. The specialty cocktails were innovative, and the beer/wine list was very nice. And the food.... oh wow! We sampled the bread basket of cheddar biscuits, a chopped salad with all kinds of fresh veggies and a basil/champaigne vinaigrette, the 4-cheese grilled cheese & red pepper tomato soup appetizer, the savory cheddar bacon stuffing, and the extremely flavorful green chile pork stew. Don't let me stop there - the desserts were absolutely amazing. We shared the pecan fig pie, the coconut cake, and the chocolate bacon s'mores. Their homemade ice cream is so rich and creamy, it's sinful. This place is good for young people, first dates, families, celebrations, and anything in-between. Come as you are and enjoy!
5	Love this place!!!!  Have been here 3-4 times and have had a great experience each time.  The atmosphere is great both inside and outside.  The decor is modern yet cozy at the same time.  The food is fabulous.  The beets are phenomenal!  The brussel sprouts are fantastic.  The chicken and dumplings are the best comfort food and the salmon is terrific.  A friend of mine has had the mussels on several occasions and loves them.  The service is some of the best that I have seen.  From the time you walk in the door til the time you leave everyone treats you like they are truly happy you are there.  I high recommend Beckett's Table.  It is definitely one of my favorites!
5	I love this place! I have been twice now and plan on going as often as possible. Make sure you order the beet appetizer. It is a wonderful assortment of different types of beets, mixed with cheese, and is incredibly delicious especially the crusty corners. Also, go on Sundays when local wines are half-off. What an amazing deal! Can't wait to go back. It is definitely one of those kind of places where one could easily become a regular.
3	I would give 3.5 if possible.  The service and general atmosphere of the Beckett's was great. The food was good, but not good enough that I would care if I went back.  Maybe I just went on a off night, but my food was not good enough that I would recommend Beckett's table on strength of just the food. I certainly would recommend it to someone that was looking for a cool restaurant in that part of town but I would not sell it as serving food that was more than good in my opinion. I will probably go back at some point. I think there is a decent chance that my second impression will be better. I perhaps went in with too lofty of expectations the first time.
5	While I have shown great (well, moderate) restraint in singing the praises of this place, I really wanted to just say a word or three about what a lot of you already know about Chef Beckett and his crew.  This coming Monday night, the Table is involved in an incredibly passionate project in which a young entrepreneur is being supported in his or her work to make the culinary world an even better eco friendly place to be. I have attached a link so that you can see how this is going to absolutely make one dream flourish and make us all the better for it.  We all know about Justin's soul in the kitchen.  Here is a wonderful example of his heart. Please help us support him in paying it forward!  Dr. B  https://www.facebook.com/BeckettsTable#!/BeckettsTable/app_482808091736012
5	I stopped in hear some months ago because it was within steps of my old stopping grounds. We walked in to a fun and energetic atmosphere that was simultaneously  inviting and simple. As I looked over the menu I was unsure which direction to take because of all the fantastic options presented before me. Finally, I asked the waiter for his recommendation for this lost patron, he steered me in the direction of the osso bucco which is presented on the house made spaetzle, I must say I cannot remember the last time I had such a great meal, It was so tender it just fell off the bone and right into my mouth! Truly amazing. For desert we shared the smores that were accompanied with the chocolate bacon, my favorite two items, and together they create a ridiculous taste explosion in your mouth.. trust me you need to order this.Thank you Beckett's for a great dinning experience.
4	Very, very good. Service both at the bar and table was impeccable. Our server knew the menu very well and made excellent suggestions. Their unique cocktails were excellent and a decent price for a decent pour. We enjoyed the noshing board to start and then had the cheesy grits with sausage at our server's suggestion and we loved it. We also had a side of roasted shishito peppers which was a special on the menu that night and it was also excellent. We ended with the chocolate dipped bacon s'mores which were so unique but actually quite delicious. I will definitely be coming back here to try more things from the menu.
2	I would love to give more stars; however our server was a train wreck.  This was our first time eating at Beckett's Table, and we went based on both New Time's reviews as wells as friends' recommendations.  My wife and I shared the chicken meatballs and chopped salad to start.  The meatballs are terrific!  They are moist, well seasoned and the marinara is just flat out awesome.  The chopped salad is, well, boring.  The romain is   cut into ribbons, which makes it difficult to eat.  I'm not one for over-dressing, but I would bet that the there wasn't any dressing on our salad.  My wife ordered the short ribs and I had the cast iron petite chicken.  The short ribs were very well cooked, moist and tender.  However, the only flavor component was salt.  The red wine reduction sauce was overpowering in terms of saltyness.  Overall, there was no depth of flavor.  The chicken on the otherhand, was very well prepared and balanced.  Now for the service, Cort (sp?) was our server.  The only reason we knew that there were specials is because we over heard him tell the table next to us.  After we ate our appetizers, I asked our server what was in the basket on our neighbor's table and his reply was, "that's our complementary homemade biscuits and rolls, would you like some?". WTF, I guess you have to ask for the super top secret homemade breads!  Overall, he was very cold and gave us the impression that he wanted us gone as soon as possible.  I think Beckett's Table has the making of a great restaurant.  The restaurant has a great feel.  It appears to be very friendly family.  There are definitely other menu items I would like to try.  My only hope is that the other servers are more personable than Cort.  What's funny is as my wife and I were walking out, no fewer than three employees thanked us for coming in and said good night, more than our server could muster!
5	great ambience and friendly staff
5	Growing up in the area I have seen so many changes.  Beckett's is a wonderful addition.  The service is amazing and the food was out of this world.  I am open to all kinds of food however, my husband is a big burly football kind of guy and likes meat and potatoes.  They were able to satisfy each of our tastes and believe me my husband will make it known to me if it's "rabbit food".  I have to say that what stood out most was our waitress.  I really felt like it was surreal.  She was so passionate about what they had to offer and her eloquent delivery of every morsel.  The way she was so passionate and knowledgeable about the food, herbs and freshness I felt like my mind had swirled off into la-la land and I was thinking of guys that I thought she would be a perfect match for.  I had to bring myself back down to ground and order my food.  I must say she was the topic of mine and our friends discussion for the next few minutes.  As we left we were given a very friendly exit conversation with what must have been the owner or manager.  He wanted to make sure we had a wonderful experience and we did.   Like I said before I have grown up in the area and seen restaurants come and go.  When I saw Beckett's Table go in I gave it a few months.  I would drive by and see it busy, even on the weeknights.  A year later I gave it a try and I now know why it has survived.  It's a great place with great food.  Take your out of town guests there for a wonderful meal.
5	Beckett's Table was hands down one of the best dining experiences!  My mom came in from out of town and I was unsure about taking her here since we lean more towards the vegetarian fare, but it was a wonderful choice.  Katie (one of the owners we learned after talking with her) greeted us and gave us a little history and run down about all of the drinks.  They all had some personal meaning to her which made our experience there more special!  After hearing about the Pimm's Cup I asked her about the history; she told me a little bit and then 5 minutes later came back with a little print up about it for me! This was all within the first 10 minutes of sitting down!  We ordered the waiters recommendations of short ribs and pork (osco bosso something!).  We enjoyed both, but I think when we go back we would lean more towards the short ribs!  We enjoyed dinner, apps, drinks so much we decided "Why stop there?!"  The fig and pecan pie with a homemade citrus ice cream was to die for!  Homemade everything made this just an overall delicious meal!! Definitely one of my first recommendations!
4	Thrice I have visited Beckett's Table, and thrice I have enjoyed it. The vibe is cool, modern, and mellow. The first time around, we went with a large group of friends. We got the grilled cheese appetizer to start, and then I ordered the chicken and dumplings. The appetizer was rich and delicious and I have ordered it every visit since. The chicken and dumplings, however, were underwhelming, which is probably why I had forgotten about them when I went the second time and ordered them again. The chicken and dumplings is the sole reason Beckett's doesn't get a five stars from me. I mean, if the meal wasn't good the first time, and then a year later they haven't improved it or removed it from the menu, then that's your bad, Beckett's Table. Even the waiter tonight admitted to it being bland (although he said it in a much kinder way). Tonight, however, I remembered to stray from the plain, boring meal that had plagued me the two previous times, and ordered the short ribs instead. Good golly, what a difference that little meal made! It was absolutely delicious and could easily be pulled apart by my fork alone. The short ribs melted in my mouth along with the creamy mashed potatoes. Seriously good. The service tonight was also right on par. Our table of six never ran low on drinks, and our server was quite patient with all of the questions we had regarding the menu and specials. My mother-in-law enjoyed the experience tonight so much, that she asked to speak directly with the manager to tell her how wonderful the service and food was. Beckett's Table, you're lucky I waited so long to write this review - It wouldn't have been as glowing last time. But you have earned yourself a solid 4, maybe even 4.5, stars from this girl.
2	I really want to like this place - I live in Arcadia and love the atmosphere at this place.  Unfortunetely, The two times I have been here the food has been OK - nothing spectacular.  The first tikme i ordered the green chile pork stew - the flavor was good but after a few bites I was bored with the same flavor with each bite.  This last time - Saturday, Spetember 1st  - I ordered the Steamed fish....I get that this is mainly a comfort food restaurant using a ton of bacon and sausage in their food - but I was in the mood for something light and semi-healthy.  i feel like this was their forgotten dish - the fish had zero flavor and the color on the plate was white and light orange from the butternut squash puree.  Very bland.  i was very disappointed.  I won't go back unless I am ready to eat a heavy and fatty meal.  Upside is the service was good and my boyfriend liked his roasted chicken.
4	Impressed  , stopped 2 x before and the wait was to long . Made reservations for 5 this time.;).. Friends had recommened and raved about Becketts and had this on the short list for awhile. It was everything as advertised, ambiance very casual , GOOD Food, excellent service (  Adria was very good and made good recommendations ) and fair prices . Recommend the Osso  Bucco pork but not a bad meal by the group . Sunday is AZ winery special which is a nice touch , must try the Pimms cup cocktail excellent! Can't wait to go back!,!,
4	Atmosphere is great, very well assembled place.  Staff is super friendly and considerate, Tracy is a sharp, fun and provides excellent service.
5	Beckett's continues to delight and amaze me. Favorites are still the grilled cheese and the short ribs, I would give my first born for the seasonal roasted vegetables.I never make reservations and always get a table within 15 minutes. Wonderful wine list, excellent cocktails. This place does it right.
3	Restaurant week review...so we have not eaten here for dinner previously so we cannot comment on the RW menu and food vs the normal menu, however nothing we had would lure us back.Atmosphere is nice and pleasant, however the open floor plan makes it a bit noisy. Food seemed reasonably priced and portions were sufficient. Service was excellent. Food: For starters we had the soup, which had a good consistency but lacking. It was too sweet and not enough earthy flavors. The shrimp was decent but nothing special.For entrees we had the shepherd's pie, which was was not thick enough,  bland, and not even as good as the one you can get at Costco. The crispy whitefish over dirty rice was tasty but lacking a nice sauce to help the overall dry consistency of the dish. Someone else at the table had the pulled pork and said it was good but not great.The best part of our meals were the desserts, chocolate covered bacon s'mores and coconut cake. Both would be worthy closers to a nice meal.
4	Mmmmmm... mmmmm... mmmmmmm...That was the sound coming from my husband and I once we got our food at Beckett's Table. Not much conversation after that.We decided to give BT a try for restaurant week. There weren't too many creative veggie options with the other restaurants and I was intrigued with their dish titled "veggie noshing board". And I knew my husband would have plenty of meaty choices.First of all, the service was impeccable. Upscale but still warm and friendly. And that is how I could describe every aspect of BT. The environment, the food, the concept. Extremely high quality yet you can still wear jeans. I love the vibe. And all their entrees are under $20.I started out with the potato/leek soup. It was good. Simple but good. The garnish of pomegranate seeds, pine nuts, and roasted cauliflower really made it pop. My husband's starter was a shrimp and black bean dish which he really enjoyed.My mysterious veggie noshing board ended up being a beet cake with a carrot puree and a medley of veggies with a tomato sauce. I was worried at first. I don't usually like beets and the veggies with tomato sauce looked boring. But the beet cake turned out to be one of the tastiest things I have ever tasted. So delicious. And the flavors of the veggie medley were very good. Clean and tasty. The potatoes in the medley were a little undercooked for my liking, but still very good. My husband had the pork dish which he was blown away by. He said it was absolutely delicious. The portion size was very generous too. As if he couldn't get enough pork, he also loved the cheddar bacon biscuit it came with.I had the coconut cake for dessert and my husband had the bacon s'more. Of course, the bacon s'more was a hit with my husband. The coconut cake was good, not too sweet. But I had a hint of a weird aftertaste in the chocolate sauce it comes with. Then I put one and one together when I looked at my husband's chocolate covered bacon. Did they dip the bacon in the same chocolate they used for the coconut cake? Maybe I'm just imagining it but the slightest molecule of bacon can throw a vegetarian off. If they do use the same chocolate I hope they look into changing this... they were so vegetarian friendly in every other way.They had many other enticing menu items that both my husband and I could enjoy. It was such a pleasant and delicious experience, that we will be back.
3	The bacon s'mores are amazing!!  Great atmosphere and great service!  It ended up being Dine AZ when I came here and I had the shrimp salad with the braised beef and the coconut cake.  Although the food was decent, I could skip it all and just get the desserts next time.  The s'mores are a lil on the salty side and there's no way I could finish it on my own but the cake was spongy and delicious!  Portions are on the bigger side.  You could tell its a great place to hang out and grab a drink as well.  Plus, it's next to my favorite dry cleaners.
5	Hands down one of our favorite spots. Get the short ribs. You will not be disappointed. If you are feeling adventurous, try the chocolate covered-bacon, peanut butter s'mores.
4	Restaurant week - Thursday night & the place was hoppin'! The restaurant week meal deal was a nice one... 3 plates and a glass of wine for $30.  My option was the leek soup, crispy fish with Cajun rice and the coconut cake with a glass of red wine.  My food was delicious - they gave me waay to much crispy fish (2 large filets), however it was cooked perfectly and paired well with the rice.  My dessert frosting was good, cake was a bit dry.  My friends ordered the s'mores dessert which came with chocolate covered bacon! They liked it if you're into the sweet salty baconey thing!  The red wine was so young the grapes were crying to get back in their bottle, so I ended up splurging on a much nicer glass of wine. What they should have done was give guests the option to pay an extra $5 and let you order any glass of wine on the menu.
4	Service was some of the best we've had in a long long long time! Thank you Branden!!! Overall great quality food! I would say best bang for your buck is the under $20 items. The ribs we're delicious-but something was missing on presentation! Our party had the coconut cake, s'mores, and pecan fig-all I am say is they were all so good!! We'll be back for the biscuits they we're out of!!
5	I cannot say enough great things about this place.  The atmosphere is fantastic, the service is impecable and the food is, well, superb.  Their community dining table is a great experience and a wonderful way to pop in for a quick and elegantly prepared meal.  Your glasses will never be empty and you cannot go wrong with anything on their menu.  A tip for you, GET THE OSSO BUCO!  I have been here several times with friends and have never had a bad experience.  If you are looking for a moderately priced place with great food, fantastic service and an abundance of deliciousness then this is the place for you.Thank you guys for making Beckett's Table my favorite restaurant in the valley!
4	It was a few months ago I ate here and cannot remember for the life of me what my main dish was, however, I still can't get that dessert out of my mind. I had the chocolate dipped bacon s'mores and I could hardly speak during the whole 15 minutes of devouring it with my friend. Every bit was a new experience and I whole heartily recommend it!  I will be back.
4	Great food. Friendly staff / host. Amazing prices for the food quality ! 4.5 of 5
5	Beckett's Table could very easily open a location in LA and charge at least 5 to 10 bucks more per entree and the masses would come. The food is very comforting and delicious. The bacon cheese biscuits are to die for.
2	I really want to like this place but I don't.  I've been on two separate occasions with different people each time.  No one has ever liked their dish. This is what we got.Chicken meatball app: barely edible.  Dry and dense with a weird funk.Chicken and dumplings: blandB's hamburger:  Good burger. Side of beans offensive.Mussels: so not fresh it was scary.French fries:  tastyThis place is always packed, so maybe it's just me.  The ambiance is great, service is superb, parking is convenient, and the overall vibe is inviting.  Just not my taste as far as the food goes.   Although, i would rather have a bad hand-crafted meal like they serve at Beckett's than a good heat-and-eat meal made at the Olive Garden factory in some far away place.  So, good for you Beck for actually cooking your terrible food.
4	Good food but it's time to change the menu.  The service is always good
3	We recently came here for our anniversary as we were in town. Although the reviews were great, we were a little skeptical upon walking in. The restaurant does have  a 'cool' vibe and the patio is nice, however we were seated in a pretty tight table outside, against a wall, behind a tree...that wasn't a great start to our anniversary dinner. We started with the mac n' cheese, which my husband swears is the best ever! He had the mussels and I had the short ribs (note* if you're preggo, this restaurant may be on the 'after baby' list as it has a lot of shellfish and ingredients that you can't eat when your pregnant). Overall the service was 'ok', our server was efficient, but didn't seem to really want to be there, just get her job done. Overall, food was good, service was ok.. and i wish I could say ambiance was stellar, but I think we got the short end of the stick.
4	Osso bucco! Great food great service!
5	Last night was our second time at Beckett's Table. The first time we went we ordered the short ribs, grilled cheese and pancetta and the roasted red pepper/tomato soup. The food was delicious and decadent, but the service was what really amazed us. From the minute we walked in the door we were greeted by a friendly host who immediately found us a table on a busy night and instantly our waiter arrived to greet us and take a drink order. Though out the night we noticed how well everyone around us was being taken care of. It was so impressive that we stopped at the door to tell the host how terrific their wait staff was. Last night was exactly the same in terms of service, so I think this is just how it is. The food once again was scrumptious and decadent. This time we split a big bowl of the roasted red pepper soup, my husband got the grilled cheese and we split the macaroni and cheese (YUMMY), had roasted brussel sprouts(also yummy) and finished with a Togo box of chocolate covered bacon s'mores. We shared them with our son who loved them. Going to need to work out a lot this weekend to work this dinner off, but it was totally worth it.!
5	I saw Justin Beckett speak at the local Ted conference in 2011 so his restaurant has been on my radar for a while.  Finally got the chance to try it last night and I have to say, it's a winner!  They have a lovely menu of craft cocktails which I'm loving more and more these days.  There's an art to bar-tending but there's a magical art to craft cocktails.My companion ordered The Farmhand and I ordered The Palmaire.  Both were delicious but The Farmhand was really something special, particularly if you like gin.  We started with the mac n' cheese.  Definitely get the pancetta on it.  Without it, I daresay it might be underseasoned.  It was delicious!  Definitely not your mom's bowl o' Kraft.  Creamy bechamel sauce and house-made pasta.  I rarely order pasta when I'm eating out but our waiter assured us that theirs is house-made so I ordered the sausage pasta.  I rarely voluntarily consume sausage but for some reason, this dish kept calling out to me and I'm so glad it did.  The pasta was fantastic and the sausage was outstanding.  I am generally dubious of tube-meat but there was not a tube in sight!  They source their sausage locally and it lacks the round Stepford shape of most sausages (which I admittedly find mildly disturbing).  It came with a rich tomato sauce, stewed tomatoes and whole cloves of roasted garlic.   My companion ordered the special which was Shepard's pie and he enjoyed it immensely.  For dessert, he ordered the fig/pecan pie with the ice cream on the side (he is lactose intolerant which is sad for him but happy for me as I often inherit his dairy castaways).  He said the pie was wonderful and I can personally attest to the fact that this ice cream might have been the best ice cream I've ever eaten.  If ice cream and cream cheese had a really shady tryst in an expensive hotel, this would be the love child.  It was ridiculous.  Thankfully, there was only one scoop because I would have kept eating it, warning messages from my stomach be damned.  I ordered the bacon s'mores which were fantastic.  The bacon is chocolate covered and well done = WIN.  (Recent forays into bacon-dessert have left me disappointed.  Chewy bacon with sweetness is no bueno.)  The marshmallow is clearly home-made and the additions of caramel and peanut butter were yummy.  The service was great.  The level of service was a little surprising given the casual-ness of the restaurant.  Our water glasses were constantly refilled, silverware quickly replaced, plates immediately taken away - pretty fabulous.  The menu is gluten-free and vegetarian friendly.  Great dinner out and I can wait to go back!
4	Four stars for the service - I never needed water and they were super prompt with anything that I required. I was shocked, though, at how fast my food came out and when I tasted it, I could see why. Not all that impressive... fatty meat, dried out biscuit and lukewarm mashed potatoes. The food gets 2 stars but the service was fantastic.
4	We went to Beckett's for my dad's birthday celebration, and it did not disappoint!I must note the service at this place: I could not have asked for better. The server, Andrea, was SO knowledgable, obviously a localvore, and unobtrusively personable. We swapped foodie faves, and she gave us great tips. That being said - our party was not the "server's dream" because we did not order drinks or apps, and shared dessert, but she treated us with priority anyway. The bus staff was so good - ours took personal pride in what he did, and seemed to sweep by as a shadow to clear empty plates and fill glasses. When we engaged him, he was friendly and professional. Top notch service for real. I'll start with the (minor!) things that weren't super awesome:When I called in the reservation, I was told the patio was "prime real estate", but I have to disagree. It's right on Indian School, so there isn't much to work with as far as ambiance is concerned. Although, the outdoor fireplace is pretty sweet. The front of the patio is practically in the parking lot, so it didn't appeal to me. We opted for an inside table, which was awesome. The open kitchen is really cool, the decor is tasteful and quirky.The only other things that didn't blow me away were the cheddar bacon biscuits (we didn't know they were going to bring table bread before the meal - asiago and whole wheat rolls that are plenty without ordering biscuits with dinner) and the portion size on the side of grits. The cheddar bacon biscuits were so-so, and lacked the abundance of bacon we expected. The closest comparison we have is the cheddar bay biscuits at (wipe that judgment off your face)...Red Lobster. Just skip the buscuits, kay? As for the grits... At a place like this, everyone is tasting everyone else's food, so the small portion of grits was a bummer. SPEAKING OF GRITS, woah. So good, so good. Order them. Do it.  They andouille and shrimp entree (spicy!) comes with the side of grits, and both were delicious. Our party also ordered the Osso Buco and the Pork Chop. I just cannot say enough about the 'Buco. It was absolutely perfect. Like, mind blowingly delicious.The side of spaetzle was awesome with the green apples and red onion, and the flavor combo was excellent. The chop came with baked beans that were truly excellent, kind of smoky, and well-paired with the grilled chop. Don't be fooled by the "side" of cole slaw - it's more of a 3-bite garnish, but good none the less.They brought my dad the coconut cake with brown butter ice cream for his birthday dessert. I don't do coconut, but the homemade ice cream was great! We also ordered the creamsicle creme brulee, and it was...fine. The crust didn't realy crack, and was a little chewy, but the flavor of the brulee was good. Order coffee with this, if you do. WHEN (not "if") we go back...I'm stoked to try the brussells, the bacon s'more dessert, and the chicken and dumplin' entree. Yes please.
5	We ate here for the second last night and once again, quality food and service.  The menu is heavy on pork (which I generally eat reluctantly) but they are able to create magic with that oh-so-dirty animal.  Just go.
4	We went during restaurant week, having only heard of the place via word of mouth we were pretty excited. They have got the best grilled cheese sandwich a tomato soup appetizer i have ever had it was hands down reason alone worth coming for. I had the short ribs and broccoli raab. The desert was amazing whipped peanut butter graham cracker smores with chocolate covered bacon!!!! And very affordable!!!
5	Just as good as the first time....dirty minds people. Not that first time. I thank Yelp for steering me (correctly) to this gem hidden in a sea of strip malls and fast food restaurants. Cozy up to the outdoor fireplace with a glass of wine or bourbon or savor the smells from the open kitchen indoors at the bar or at one of the butcher-wood like tables. Everything is good. Seriously. Have the Mac and Cheese, slup the soup, graze on the salads or salivate over one of the entrees. The staff is knowledgeable and eager to help you find your perfect meal and libation. I enjoy spending my dollars on food that is thoughtfully prepared and supports local farmers. It's all here. The staff is interesting. I have never failed when dining alone to have an interesting conversation with the bartender or expo or manager about books, world politics, wine or you name it. This place is a keeper in my book.
5	Fun, with caps if I did that sort of thing. The whole experience was great (you won't get any specifics, this review is 3 weeks after, I can't remember, sorry). Service was by that waitress who does everything perfectly. Explain food, wine, doesn't stay too long. Nice interesting big room decor. Looking forward to the next time.
5	Deep fried deviled eggs?! Yes!!
4	A couple friends and I came here during AZ Eats. It was a chance for us to get venture to something outside of our norm (Postino's or Switch). We made reservations and showed up right on time. The place was packed and we wound up waiting for about an hour before we got a table, but we got to sit at the bar and enjoy some great wine.We each tried sometihng different and everything was great! Unique flavors, great presentation, great staff. We had a really wonderful dinner! My favorite part? The s'mores with bacon and peanut butter mouse. A-MAZ-ING
4	I'm a fan - though avoid the deep fried deviled eggs that they offer every table. They were not at all what I expected (and I happen to love deviled eggs). The rest of our experience from the butter salad to her chicken with stuffing and my pork chop and baked beans were decadent. The coconut cake desert was one of the best moments of my life. Beckett's is an upscale experience at mid-range prices.
5	I've been here a few times and the food is always tasty, I like the atmosphere, and the service is always above and beyond. The big problem I didn't even notice until my wife pointed it out. Every guest inside the restaurant on a Friday night at 7pm was over the age of 40 (besides my wife and I). If you want a trendy place to go this isn't it, but if you're interested in terrific food try Beckett's.
5	Ate here for New Years, was a fantastic experience. Food is "iron chef" quality....love it! :)
5	In a remarkable show of restraint, I haven't Yelped Chef Beckett et al for over 4 months. It's not because of a downturn in food or service. Peg and I celebrated our anniversary there on the 12th of this month, and brought in the New Year this evening. The rib eye and lobster specials were  simply superb. The variety and combinations of outstandingly fresh ingedients plus the atmosphere of customer-centered service has alwaysput this place hooves and snouts above  most. Of course....I HAD to make a pork reference.  At the time of year when I take stock of the good things in my life, once I move past the incredibly wonderful 42-year marriage to Peggy, my thoughts go to places were it feels like family (in the great sense....not the oh crap i AM related to this person kinda way). Once again, Chef Beckett,  Jeffrey and the outstanding crew in the kitchen, Scotty, Katie, Cory, Monte and the wonderful staff (Michael, this night),  thank you for being a delightful part of our lives.   Dr. B
4	Traditional American comfort food done right! After my second visit Beckett's Table is quickly becoming one of my favorite Phoenix places to dine. The restaurant has a high-end feel to it but the prices are very reasonable. At first glance one might not think the menu is very adventurous but you would be missing the point. What Beckett's Table does is something we should all do which is: do your very best version of whatever it is you are doing. In this case it means not shocking everyone with exotic ingredients or wild ideas. Having amazing mashed potatoes and stuffing is almost always better than some alchemist chef experimenting on you. There is a reason we all love simple comfort food like popcorn and macaroni and cheese. The reason is that we know it will be good. If someone said "hey have you tried my new chili pepper and sardine flavor mac?", you might be curious but it is hardly anything you sit around hungry for. There is a quaint theme to many of the menu items which is the inclusion of bacon on nearly everything. Worry not though vegetarians Beckett's will not leave you hungry. My veggie wife was able to get the grilled cheese and tomato soup bacon-free with no fuss. The staff is very friendly and the ability to place a reservation through the Yelp ap in between Call of Duty matches was a big help.
3	I was very excited when Beckett's first opened, and it was one of my favorite restaurants for a few months thereafter. I was a vegetarian for quite some time (now eat seafood), so I must admit that my experience with the menu is somewhat limited. I've always loved the red pepper soup and grilled cheese, and I did enjoy the spaetzle on the two occasions I ordered it. I guess Beckett's sort of lost its sparkle because there weren't enough options to keep me interested. I've visited Beckett's with others who have tried the other dishes on the menu and have complained that many of them are very "hit or miss" regarding taste and quality of preparation. I visited a few weeks ago with my boyfriend (he is on the fence about this restaurant) and we left, well... satisfied. When it's good, it's VERY good. When it's not, it's just "okay." I really do like the owners and the concept. It's very cozy and has a pretty little patio.   :-D
5	I finally visited Beckett's Table Friday night with a friend.  I have wanted to eat here for quite a long time.  I really loved the atmosphere -- especially the blazing fire on the patio (too bad it was too cold to sit outside).  The service was warm, friendly and just the right amount of attentive.  The food was excellent.  We tried the grits and sausage (I didn't eat the sausage), which were nice.  I ordered the roasted chicken with cheddar bacon bisquit stuffing and my friend ordered the short ribs and we also tried the mashed potatoes.  My dinner was delicious (and the potatoes ARE ridiculously good as claimed!).  After reading reviews, we had to try the coconut cake w/butter ice cream and coconut pudding and the s'mores with chocolate-covered bacon and whipped peanut butter.  I wouldn't order the s'mores again.  While the chocolate-covered bacon was interesting, I think this dish would be better if it was not served deconstructed.  Our marshmellows were not toasted enough (they were difficult to eat) and the dish was just dry as a result.  The coconut cake, on the other hand, was FANTASTIC.  I would definitely order that again.  I cannot wait to return.
5	We had an awesome dinner here last night. I had made reservations for 8:30 pm on a Saturday evening. We got a parking spot right up front and made our way in. Although they missed our reservation time by about 15 minutes (not a big deal to us), they apologized profusely and dessert was on the house. Our waiter, John, was excellent at his job. He was helpful, unobtrusive and attentive to our needs. Although we had a water pitcher on the table to pour our own, my glass never got empty, someone always came and refilled it for me. I had the cast iron chicken which was awesome and I would highly recommend it! My husband had the osso bucco which was also well seasoned and delicious. (Although I think he preferred my chicken) We had the smores for dessert which was more hype than flavor for me. Chocolate covered bacon was an interesting concept... but really didn't make me want to lick the plate (although the peanut butter sauce it came with sure did). I can't be too upset though, it was free... I wouldn't hesitate to return or recommend it to someone else.
4	The rib-sticking southern style menu makes one worry they'll need a quadruple bypass by the end of their meal -- or at least a cardiologist standing nearby. The food is surprisingly light, non-greasy and lightly salted, so put away the defibrillator and order a hefty side of Mac & Cheese with Crispy Pancetta or Apple & Red Onion Spaetzle to go with your Chicken & Dumplings, Short Ribs or Green Chile Pork Stew. My favorite menu item the Fig & Pecan pie with cream cheese ice cream. So good I returned the next night for more. Chef Justin Beckett not only wows customers with his healthy home-style cooking, but also with his outgoing personality, regularly visiting customers table side and explaining how he prepares things like the tuille "sand" that accompanies his colorful, yet simple beet salad. Definitely save room for desert, or be ready to return the next evening to finish what you started. This restaurant is on my hit list now for every visit to the Phoenix area.
4	Delayed response....somehow I started this review and didn't finish it so here goes:  I could eat the roasted red pepper and tomato soup every day!  AND especially as I finish this on today, a crazy rainy day, I really could enjoy that soup.  The accompanying grilled cheese was appropriately cheesy, warm, great bread.  The butter lettuce salad I started with was yummy and light.  Super comfy, cozy, friendly place.  I will say, if you go for an early dinner you are somewhat competing with business traffic in that strip.  Not unmanageable, just a bit messy.
5	So it was my last night visiting the parents in Phoenix, and I was hoping for one last good meal before heading back to The Big Apple.  I read the reviews about Beckett's online and figured I'd give it a try.  Let me preface this by saying that I manage a restaurant in NYC and I'm pretty critical especially when it comes to service.  Michael, our server was outstanding.  He took us through the menu and really knew his stuff.  The bus boy kept my water glass filled the entire time yet was very unobtrusive.  Plates were cleared expeditiously and even my silverware was changed between courses.  I got the impression that everyone from the hosts to the dishwashers really took pride in their job. One of the biggest problems I have with restaurants in Phoenix is the ho hum lackadaisical service I usually receive, even at the top restaurants. My faith in service humanity has been restored. Lol. Now on to the food.Started out with the grilled cheese with pancetta, Mac and cheese with pancetta, and bacon buttermilk biscuits.  The Mac and cheese was excellent and creamy but not drowning in sauce.  The biscuits were very good, but I was not a fan of the orange butter. The grilled cheese was gooey deliciousness.  For main courses, we had the Shepards Pie, the pork chop, and the chicken.  I did not try the Shepards Pie, but I was told it was very good.  The pork chop was tender and juicy.  Not sure where they get them from, but definitely on par with Niman's Ranch. The chicken was moist and came right off the bone with a fork.  I ordered the baked beans as a side dish and was a little disappointed.  I usually expect baked beans to be on the sweeter side but these had a very smokey flavor and not sweet at all.  This was the only miss to me in the entire meal.  For dessert we tried the coconut cake and the s'mores with bacon dipped in chocolate.  The cake with the brown butter ice cream was decadent.  The s'mores had a lot of stuff going on with the bacon and also the peanut butter.  It was good, but not my favorite.   Overall, my experience at Beckett's was outstanding.  Jersey Mike, our server and the rest of the staff did an awesome job.  Overall, the food was outstanding and I will definitely be back on my next trip to Phoenix. Did I mention I love bacon.
1	HORRIBLE Service from a RUDE waiter, (wish I'd take down his name) not just with me but with everyone in our group (8 people). The restaurant wasn't even busy so the waiter had no Excuse to act the way he did. I'd just gotten off of work & was way too tired to ask to see the manager....The food was "so, so".  Will NEVER go back there again!!!
3	Feeling a little ripped off by the whole experience here tonight, arrived at 5 and even though the place was maybe 15% full we were told by the less than pleasant hostess that because we did not have reservations we could either sit at the bar or the community table, we picked the bar, the bar stools are flimsy little uncomfortable as hell things that my back is still screaming at me about.  The place stayed empty most of the time we were there and we kept asking ourselves why we were forced to sit at the bar with all the open tables, huge bummer for us!We started with the chopped salad, $9 for a VERY small nothing special salad, I had the enchilada special with rice, $18 for this hunk of unpleasantness with a strange thyme/smoky overpowering flavor with a bland boring rice a roni type side dish. Husband had the Oslo bucco, the pork was excellent but the spetzel was again bland.  The side of mashed potatoes was really good. Our server/ bartender was just ok but nothing awsome like all of the other reviewers rave about on here. In the end $71 for a just ok meal on horrible chairs was just not worth it.  Don't think we will ever return, and if you do go you better damned well make sure you have a reservation
4	Liked but did not love.  Dined here on a Saturday evening. The place was so packed that getting to the host stand to check in required more than 5 mins.  We were pleasantly surprised to be shown to a table as soon as we checked in.  We had a reservation, and I suspect we never would have gotten a table without one.  Our server, Pamela, and the other staff were clearly enthusiastic about the restaurant and executed the mechanics of the meal well.  Pamela seemed very knowledgeable about the menu items and about pairing beverages.  We enjoyed most of the items we ordered, especially the noshing board for two, the butter lettuce salad, tomato soup, and roasted smoked pork chop.  The pork stew was a bit of a disappointment.  It can with a large slab of corn bread that appeared intended to crumble into the stew.  However, it was not seasoned in an interesting way and did not add anything to the stew.  And we found the service a bit abrupt.  Our server and various food runners came and went so quickly  (without asking if we needed anything) that we had a hard time placing our initial drink order or requesting refills.  Slow down, people!!We did enjoy the general atmosphere of the restaurant, which has the characteristic-of-Phoenix walls of windows that completely open to the outdoors.  The sound level inside the restaurant is quite high, so sitting outdoors when weather permits might be a good choice if you want to actually have a conversation while you dine.
4	This place is great is you are low on iron. Its meat galore. My boyfriends' mother is on a low sodium diet, and suggest we eat there-- but its not the best place to go if you're watching your sodium intake...We has the grits and sausage appetizer- sold.Entree I ordered short ribs- amazingDessert was the s'mores- to die for. All in all, delicious comfort food, decent service, and pretty good cocktails and wine list.
4	Really good food and good variety of dishes for a group without breaking the bank. I took 9 people out and with four appetizers, four bottles of wine, a few cocktails, entrees for everyone and three shared desserts we left for right around $500 with tip.  The s'mores are probably the best dessert I've ever had. Really cool place for a group dinner.
5	Was in Sedona for a week, and was flying out of Phoenix.  Had time for one meal, dinner before we left.  Yelp did not steer me wrong. Thanks fellow yelpers. Beckett's table had good reviews, the menu looked promising online, and I am gluten free and they label their gluten free options on their menu....bonus for me!  We started with their brussel sprouts.  Delicious and this could get me to eat more veggies! I was with a friend and my spouse, and we all loved every bite.  Friend had chicken, I had a burger, on a gluten free roll, and my husband had pork, with baked beans.  I also had a kale salad, which I could live on for the rest of my life, it was fantastic.  Lastly, brown butter icecream (don't be scared, it tastes like carmel). and coffee creme brule.  Wanted to try the smores, but the graham cracker was not gluten free...I would have given you 6 stars if you could make that happen:)  Finally our waiter could not be better.  I would give him 5 stars as well.  His name was Brandon,  he was super knowledgeable about the menu, was very patient with us  as we had alot of questions.  We never felt rushed and his timing was impeccable with being around just when we needed something.  The only draw back about this place, its in Phoenix and I live in Chicago! Open a Beckett's here please.
5	I was in town by myself and decided to check this place out due to reviews online. When I entered, I was offered the community table or the bar seating...I chose the bar.  The bartender/waitress was fantastic! She was very knowledgeable about the food and wine list and offered me samples of wines she thought I might enjoy. I forget the name of it but it was a German Reisling and delicious!  Water glass was never empty and she was attentive.  She also gave me a list of other local restaurants to check out which was great!I ordered the bacon biscuits and shephard's pie.  As other reviewers have mentioned, they also offer bread and therefore the biscuits were not necessary. They were good but mine were overdone; I also thought they could include more bacon.  The shephard's pie was delicious, the meat was so tender, and it was very filling!  I was too full for dessert which was very disappointing so when you go, skip the biscuits and save room for dessert!
4	The staff was very welcoming to us and our waiter was extremely pleasant informative and knowledgeable. It was hard to decide on starters because so many things sounded so comforting like grilled cheese sandwiches macaroni and cheese and deep fried deviled eggs. But we decided to start with the house made Burrata cheese plate. It came with two kinds of tasty bread, seasoned cashews and a house made cranberry sauce that made it special. Our waiter highly recommended the brussels Sprouts. I thought they were good but not something I would order again.Both Fish Dinners they were offering came with pureed vegetables. I usually don't care for any vegetable pureed because the vegetable turns into baby food texture and usually is loaded up with lots of butter and cream and usually no longer taste like what it was. Or sometimes it is just a smear on your plate and reminds me of a dog scoot on a carpet.  But I wanted to order a fish dinner anyway because I look forward to fish dinners out because I can't buy fresh fish from any markets by me to make at home.I was brave and decided to try the White Bass. The fish was fresh and steamed well but really had very little flavor on it's own but when you dipped the fish on the very flavorful carrot puree it had something going on there. Who knew the puree would work here. The puree wasn't too buttery or packed with too much cream it was actually intense with flavor and I'll give it a thumbs up. The vegetables were an unusual combination of fennel a slight amount of corn and poblano peppers. The poblanos were done in a way that gave crunch and texture to the dish.My husband had the Osso Buco and it was terrific according to him. He also enjoyed the apple and onion spaetzle that came with it.Prices seemed very reasonable, it was a good time out!
3	Love the atmosphere.  It's always pretty lively.  We've tried it about five times now.  We really really wanted to love it...we just don't.  Nothing more than the food is not that great.
5	We had a great dinner at Beckett's table.  Staff is friendly and well trained on Beckett's creative twist on culinary regulars.  Love the friendly and inviting atmosphere.
5	Friends took me when I was visiting.  The only downside is you cannot bring wine in of your own (apparently it's a law).  They have a fair selection of wines and the food is all top notch.  Excellent meal and not overly priced.  Highly recommended.
5	The food was great and service was fast.  Place was very busy on a Wednesday evening and they accommodated us for 3 without any reservations.  Highly recommend making this a stop while in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.
5	Had our first dinner at Beckett's Table a few weeks ago and it was was awesome. The decor is warm and casual decor and the tables are well spaced. My husband ordered the bacon cheddar biscuits with candied jalapeno butter as an appetizer and claimed that they were the absolute best biscuits he had ever had. Our friends split the chicken meatballs with roasted red peppers and bread crumbs and the portion was both very generous and tasty. My friend and I each had the Scottish salmon which was a nice thick piece unlike the stingy, thin slices most places serve. The two men had the "signature" fork tender short ribs with mashed potatoes. The ribs literally could be eaten with just a fork they were so tender and delicious. Usually we forgo desert but we were intrigued by home made fig and pecan pie with cream cheese citrus zest ice cream .  Definitely one of the best deserts we have ever had. All in all a great dining experience!  We'll be back!
4	Great food and service.  Second visit even better than the first.  Beckett's is on our favorite restaurants of Phoenix list.
4	Cute patio with nice misters, good food, and great service. I am a fan. Tried the mouth watering osso busco and petite chicken. The sweet rolls and butter were also delicious. Cute local restaurant.
5	Party in my tummy...Beckett's table is one of my favorite places in Phoenix along with Olive & Ivy and Chelsea's Kitchen. My boyfriend and I went at 5:30pm, which of course the restaurant was completely empty. We didn't have reservations, and they looked around the restaurant for empty tables....pretty sure they were all empty. But by the end of our meal, the restaurant was nearly full. Our waitress was very attentive and friendly, which I love. She made sure our sangria glasses and waters were always full. The sangria was delicious...and after my ballsy attempt at finishing the half carafe, my asian cheeks were the same color as the drink.For appetizer, we shared the sausage and grits. We have never had grits before, but if it always tastes like this I'm sold! We scrapped the bowl clean. For dinner, my bf had the short ribs and I had the Osso Bucco. The short ribs are fork tender...absolutely melt-in-your mouth goodness and surprisingly not extremely rich. He was able to finish the full meal it was that delicious. The Osso Bucco was tender and so flavorful, I preferred mine over his but that's still up in debate. For dessert, my eyes were on the pecan pie. It was sweet, as pecan pies usually are. But the crust was flaky and complimented the pecan sugar layer perfectly. We left the restaurant with a full belly and smiles on our face (don't forget my red cheeks too). Definitely a go to place for a special occasion or romantic dinner.
2	for everyone who says this place is amazing, they must be blind to true culinary technique.  ok so first thing I noticed was the drab wait staff.  very boring and didn't even sound excited to be at work.  on another note, the menu is written well but the food did not deliver.  i wanted to try the fried deviled eggs, and they were clearly warmed up in the microwave and dry. the homemade spicy aioli, was nothing more than sriracha and mayo.  i understand what aioli, but is wasn't mixed well or something. then, i noticed how sloppy everything was plated. no attention to detail!  the knife cuts were terrible and sloppy.  definitely can tell there is not a true chef in the kitchen, rather some cooks.the shepherds pie was a farce, (don't expect to get full)  lets not get ahead of our self, it was beef stew with a stack of mashed potatoes on top.  also, the shrimp and sausage and grits, again, was tomatoes and shrimp with a side ot butter and heavy cream added to grits.  the bacon smore dessert was plated terribly, looked messy, and unappetizing... keep in mind, it sounded delicious... but at the end of the day, the food was either cold and reheated, burnt from being reheated, or taken out of the freezer and sloppily plated. you can tell nothing is truly made to order.do not take a date her to impress them.  that is allps. im getting some rather insulting comments, let's keep it professional, this is my opinion. nothing else.
3	Almost want to dock them another star for the way we were treated when we first arrived. Went there fro the first time a few weeks ago.  We were meeting another couple for dinner and were actually planning to go to another restaurant, but decided at the last minute to try Beckett's. It was a Saturday night at 5pm ... they just opened.  The host that greeted us, said we could have a table, but that we had to order quickly and MUST be done no later than 6:15pm.  He said he absolutely needed the table back by then because the restaurant would be completely full by 6:30pm.  Long story short .... not true.  The place was quite busy and full, but there were at least 3-4 tables available the entire time we were there.  In fact, when we told the waiter we needed to order and eat fast, he laughed.  He said, "Don't be silly. Take your time. No need to hurry." What???  Anyway, on to the food.  Good food, interesting menu, with some unique dishes. Started with the deep fried deviled eggs. It was a nice twist to a classic dish, but lacked enough flavor punch to make it something truly special. The grilled cheese and bacon cheddar biscuits were tasty comfort food. Our table ordered the short ribs, salmon, osso bucco and scallop special.  All were quite satisfying. I wanted to try the chicken and dumplings, but the waiter steered us away from that and toward the cast iron chicken ... maybe we'll try it next time.
3	Nice ambiance and great service. I had the scallop special and it was pretty good. The mac/cheese was so-so, and the dessert was pretty good, but I can't remember what it was called. There was several flavors of ice cream and some other sweets on one large plate. Pretty tasty. I liked their AZ wine selection. My brother-in-law is an Italian wine distributor, and he was impressed with the local wine.
4	Always have a nice experience here. Really good comfort food. The Osso Bucco was delicious!
5	Food is love . . . and family . . . and friends . . . and down home comfort! Very few restaurants get it right. Justin Beckett understands and his BECKETT'S TABLE on Indian School is pure down-home comfort food.  Last night I had the Chicken and Dumplings and memories were stirred from childhood that I didn't even know were there. A large bowl of hot steamy goodness that filled, not only my hunger, but my very soul. Every bite brought back memories! As I watched my family eat shepard's pie and short ribs, that were fork tender on a pile of beautiful mashed potatoes, I wondered if any mother or grandmother could have done it better. Satisfied, we were, to say the least. The three of us shared a piece of chocolate cheesecake. [The chef in our family who makes the most wonderful cheesecakes couldn't have prepared it any better! I hope he doesn't read this . . . .] BECKETT'S TABLE is a neighborhood treasure and worth driving to from any where in the city  . . . . oh heck, anywhere in the country, to sit and savor a cool summer evening of comfort food. Thank you Chef Beckett.  Thank you family for taking me to BECKETT'S TABLE.
4	Another great meal at Beckett's Table!  We originally went to another restaurant but was given a 2 hour wait so we decided to look on Yelp and see what was in the neighborhood and Beckett's Table it was!  We waited for about 5 minutes before we were seated.  The wine list is small but mighty!  They have some pretty good selections and a lot of U.S. made wine which is good in my book!We ordered 2 appetizers, the brussel sprouts and the chicken meatballs!  Both of the dishes were really good and the portions were just right.  Then we ordered our main courses... there were 4 of us and we ordered the Pork Chop, Short Ribs, and the beef bourguignon shepard's pie.  All of it was really good!  There is a sort of "richness" in all of their dishes and a hat should be tipped to the chef because not many places create interesting and unique flavors.The one thing that was off was our server.  She seemed really disconnected which really annoyed me considering we were there for the complete experience.  It seemed like she was in a rush to get us in and out.  Before we even got our appetizers she asked if we were ready to order our main course and before we were done with our main courses she was already pushing dessert.  We also had to ask another waiter to get us silverware because she never replaced it after our appetizers.I will come back here and really make it a 1st choice in the future...lets hope we get a better waiter/waitress!
5	People it just keeps getting better! The chef and his team not only understand what people like but execute it perfectly. The cast-iron skillet chicken is quite possibly the best bird I have tasted....I took a large group of employees for dinner, by the time we were done dining several of them said that this was one of the best meals they have had.Great job Beckets!
5	I am a foodie and I don't often repeat restaurants unless they are really amazing.  I have maybe a dozen in the valley I go back to.  This is one of those places.  Everything is so amazing that now when I go I just tell them to bring me anything on the menu.  Beet salad that is pretty close to Woflgang Pucks Spago beet salad, Shrimp and grits are delish (and I am a pretty strict judge of grits), short ribs that make you want to lick the plate, and oh the desserts.  Fig & Pecan pie with cream cheese ice cream will make you want to come back just to have dessert as the entree.
5	Extremely impressed with Beckett's Table.  Great vibe, O-SPOT ON service, from everyone who works there.  Love the Kettle One $7 Martina's:)  I am a fan - Great food, nicely priced, amazing service and we enjoyed all the male eye candy -- thanks :)
3	I just went to Beckett's Table for the first time this week. I had read really good reviews about the food, and the Chef/Owner is well respected in the community.  So I stopped in for happy hour to give it a try. Had a few cocktails and appetizers which were good and the pricing was fair.  My only issue is that the staff seemed uninterested and just sort of went through the motions.  Maybe I was there on the wrong day, I will give it another chance, but the they need to pick up their game.
5	We showed up an hour after Beckett's Table closed on Mother's Day due to a misunderstanding in our reservation. We were graciously welcomed in anyway. Seven chefs, the bartender, waitress and hostess stayed until we finished eating our fabulous food.
4	This is such a great place to have dinner with friends because the ambiance is nice, crowd is great and service is friendly.  While the food wasn't to DIE for, it was still good and fairly priced.
4	Beckett's table is sort of new American bistro to the tune of Sweet Home Alabama as there is a definite Southern rural sort of thematic element underlying a top class eatery. You see it in the open wood decor and internal brick facade and the homages to the humble pig throughout the establishment, from the little pig statues at various places and the pig themed head wrap I saw one of the chef's wearing. However, don't be fooled by the laid-back Southern charm, this place is one well-run eating venue. The wait staff is extremely polite and respectful and provides good service without overly hovering or checking if you like what you are eating five seconds. They don't have to, they know they food is good!I took my parents out to brunch here on Mother's day, which they opened early for as they are usually only an evening eating establishment. Though the don't provide overly large portions what they do serve is wonderful. My mother had the chicken fried steak, which seems like it is done with panko breading and was nicely crisp and the sausage gravy was delicious. It is not as good as the chicken fried steak at Texaz grill on 16th street but that place specializes in the dish. As for my father, he had a brisket hash comprised of cube brisket mixed with sauteed peppers and onions. As for myself, I had the oven roasted shrimp and sausage that comes in a spicy tomato sauce, along with creamy grits and I had the additional two fried eggs on top. I enjoyed it though it was a small dish of the grits and would have loved more but that is more of the bistro influence, smaller amounts but what is provided, top quality.We also had some drinks and I ordered the Pimm's cup, which was refreshing and heavy on the muddled cucumber, which I liked but might not appeal to everyone. As with the food, I would have liked to have seen a drink of a somewhat larger size (I guess it is the thematic element to my review - more, more!).The only part where I wasn't so impressed with the quality was the dessert portion of the meal. We had the creme brulee, which was coffee flavored and well, don't mess with a classic folks, leave it plain, no coffee addition, but it was of a good size and came in this cool little cast iron pot (that down-home Southern influence). We also had the pecan and fig pie which was a little less like a pecan pie and a bit more cake-like. When you say pecan pie I tend to think it should be a bit more gooey and syrupy  and as for the coffee, it was okay but I encourage the establishment to upgrade a bit. Maybe go to providing a french press at the table versus pre-brewed coffee. Chelsea' kitchen would be a good place to benchmark against relative to this recommendation.All in all I liked it and more of a 4.5 than a 4 in my book but I'll go back again and see if my review rises but overall an exceptional dining establishment, only enhanced by the high quality wait service provided by extremely polite employees at Beckett's Table.
5	Oh my gosh where do I begin? BF and I got reservations for restaurant week here last night but didn't even do the restaurant week menu because they just serve too many delicious things that we did not want to miss. The ambiance is great, I loved it when they opened the restaurant up to allow us to enjoy the amazing weather we've been getting lately and our waitress was excellent and very attentive. Started off with the Grilled cheese and soup appetizer. I wish that every single time in the past I was craving comfort food, I had been able to order this dish. The grilled cheese is deliciously gooey and the soup was the perfect consistency for dipping. I ordered the Shrimp and Sausage entree and Dave got the Short ribs. Short ribs looked like kind of a small serving but I think it was because of the size of the plate. We also felt there was not enough potato with the short rib. Regardless of size, he wanted to lick the plate clean but I wouldn't let him for fear of embarrassment. My shrimp and sausage dish was perfection. The grits were creamy and buttery and the amount of shrimp served was just right. Dessert time, bacon covered in chocolate? for reals? Yes! their twist on smores was different than anything I've ever eaten and I loved every bite. Can't wait to visit again and try the sausage pasta that our server recommended!
5	We went to Beckett's table at the invite of friends to celebrate their graduation.   Very low key from the outside but wonderful on the inside where it counts.   Beckett's Table is the huge  tree slab that must be 25 feet long right as you walk in.. bar area ? impressive... People were eating there also.. many more tables though.  We had a group of 30 and they were able to accomodate us in two long rows of tables in the back of the restaurant... just perfect..   On to the food. Shepherds Pie was the best ever, big chunks of beef,, no burger. I had the Pork Oso Buco.. wonderful,, melt in your mouth. fall apart pork . on top of german spaetzle.. yea spaetzle..  go figure.. what a wonderful combo of the pork and the firm bready noodles.  Very creative and original.. The kitchen is wide open to the restaurant so you can see "the show" and talk to the line chef's while they prepare your meal. Really nice team..  The owner and head chef came to our table to make sure we were satisfied and enjoyed our meal.  yes !  when was the last time that happened to you!   great customer service.  GREAT Beers and Ales !  Kilt lifter on tap.. one of my fav's.  Some southern flair in the menu as well.. Chicken and fish dishes .. White Sea Bass looked fantastic .. I'll save it for my next visit.   A great sound level in the restaurant...   The big long Beckett's table was crowded with happy couples...   what a great idea.. sitting across from each other and next to other...  Get to know "your neighbor"  or not..  I am a big fan of the communal table though.... Must have been at least 20 other 4 tops as well but I dig the big tree slab... must be the bar section too..  fun fun fun..See if you can find all the pig statues around the restaurant..  Oh wait.. save room for the fig/pecan pie.. oh mama it is great !
5	The only thing I have to say about Beckett's Table is : BEST FOOD EVER!!!!!! Love the place, the service and of course the food.
1	The food was sub-par at best, not impressed at all/quite disappointing does not live up to its' reviews.  Granted it was a busy evening, but the Osso Bucco was overcooked, salty beyond belief, and the spatzle was flavorless.  The coconut cake was dry, and the accompanying ice cream was bland.  The busser was overzealous grabbing at plates, flatware, glasses constantly, which provided for a very uncomfortable/rushed experience.  I would not recomment Beckett's table... No stars.  Try the Rokerij  instead.
5	Amazzzzzzing food!  I recommend the ribs and the osso buco.  Wonderful selection of local wines.
5	To sum up: Delicious drinks, food was like home cooking with a foodie flare, atmosphere cool, calm, and comfortable with an industrial flare.  I would definitely go back and definitely recommend it!
5	Defying common sense, we went to Beckett's this week (Holy Week - for you non-recovering catholics...Restaurant Week for the rest of you) when tables are full, noise is plentiful, and parking places are not. While we have been in love with this place since the get-go, Monte and the rest of the crew (our server this time was Drew) treated us like the place was needing our presence (it wasn't)...not as a couple of people who wandered in for our Justin/Jeffrey/Scott/Katie fix.  Yet again, the food was amazing.  I always judge restaurant experiences in stressful times (when because of volume, promotions, etc. things can easily slip) as well as quiet times (when things can be overlooked or just glossed over). Peg and I have been thrilled that nothing like that has ever happened in this place.  Kudos...once again!
4	The prices are a little high for my college student budget but they are definitely worth every penny. Because I am on said broke college student budget I have only really gotten appetizers, desserts, and drinks. All which were to die for.I first heard of Beckett's Table on local food blog Chow Bella. They were on the list for the best grilled cheese and WOW is that ever accurate. I have the stomach size of a small bird so this is enough to fill me up- the bread is rather filling as it is homemade, fluffy and dense and all sorts of amazing. It also comes with a small dish of red pepper soup for dipping that is impeccable. My absolute favorite thing here is the pecan pie. Theirs is a refreshing take on an old favorite... as it is infused with fig and topped with a small scoop of their homemade gluten-free OUT OF THIS WORLD citrus cream cheese ice cream. I kid you not I think I dreamed of that ice cream for a week straight after I first had it... so unbelievably creamy and divine. My other favorite thing about this restaurant is the community table. It's a very beautiful, very long wooden table openly awaiting those who are both impatient and not shy. Since there is usually a wait/you have to make reservations this is a neat alternative. Dining right next to strangers at such an intimate setting is not as strange as it sounds. Definitely a unique experience and not one to be missed.
4	The second restaurant I tried for Arizona Restaurant Week.  It was packed at 8 PM on a Thursday.  Ambiance was nice.  Loved the t-shirt for sale.Tried:house smoked onion and potato soup, crispy toasted cheese chips - YUM!deep fried deviled eggs, hot sauce aioli, pickled fresno, pickles - YUCK!  Didn't care for this at all.spring pea pasta, double corn broth, spring greens - DELICIOUSpineapple upside down cake, amarena cherry ice cream - didn't care for the dense/eggy cake but the ice cream was the bomb.My friend tried the Beckett's original green chili pork stew, corn bread, cotija cheese, cilantro and wasn't impressed but she did love the bacon chocolate s'mores, graham cracker, housemade marshmallow, caramel sauce, peanut butter mousse.I would go back here again.
5	First time in and will return often with friends. Pamela our server rocked the menu including amazing specials. I would come back just because of her, she's that amazing. Check the pics of pork shank, trout, and a terrific summer salad. Wine list...yes!
1	Yelp you have led me astray! I was so excited to try Beckett's Table; great reviews, hip and trendy customers, self proclaimed foodies galore, that totally original decor with the lofted ceilings and exposed wooden beams we are all so excited to see at every damn restaurant in town...but I digress. I blame Restaurant Week and the menu chosen or should I say, slapped together by BT. I should have known better. The menu included a drink, which we ordered in this case, a beer. I made mention to the waiter we were debating on menu's but would order the beer anyway since if we went with the RW option, it would be included. This was met with an initial "No problem," but halfway through our first course he came back and said he would be charging us for it because we had not decided on which menu we would be ordering from first. IE: I already rang your beer in a certain format in my POS and am too much of a tool to change it.  First course: onion and potato soup, not bad, creamy and flavorfulSecond course: grilled shrimp (rubbery, overcooked shrimp, 4 baby sized), cowboy caviar (fancy way of saying  a teaspoon of corn and beans) avocado mousse (lime and cilantro infused pond scum), and supposed organic arugula salad ...never saw any arugula on my plate. Desert: bacon chocolate s'mores, graham cracker, housemade marshmallow, caramel sauce, peanut butter mousse ....yeah, not sure how they could mess this up since it's on the actual menu however, the bacon was a greasy mess *yes I realize it's bacon, but once smothered in chocolate it really made for a salty, greasy mess. I think at this point I had about had it. In fact the waiter and his beer comment made me so angry that I went to find the manager on duty and ask him about it. He looked at me like I was insane and condescendingly told me I was incorrect. Anyway, the way I look at it, I could forgive your crappy RW menu, because that happens, but I can't forgive your douchy staff and rude comments. I'm out.
4	How often do you find a restaurant that provides service comparable to the finest restaurant in town, prices that are surprisingly reasonable, a fun but intimate ambience, and food that is creatively prepared and a joy to eat? Becketts Table has struck just the right chord and each time we've been there we left happy happy happy.  A  lot of their dishes are prepared with bacon and other delectable but not so healthy ingredients, and eating health consciously in a restaurant can often be a drag leaving one wanting. Not this last visit. The sea bass was prepared beautifully and was perfectly satisfying. I did take a bite of the biscuits and they were heavenly. But a bite was all I needed. Especially since I ordered a side of spinach spaetzle, which is the best way yet to eat your veggies. The only problem we encountered was parking. A little guidance would have been helpful as we drove up to a very small and very full lot. In a sheer stroke of luck, someone was leaving as we arrived and we got the one open spot. Pity the party that arrived just after us.
5	Imagine you are watching Top Chef on restaurant wars night.  The bustling dining room felt warm and a good place to meet friends and family..Chef Beckett's menu is charming and after meeting him, he exemplifies his menu, genuine, adventurous and humble.  The appetizer of grilled cheese with tomato soup yum!  I got goosebumps after eating the white grape gazpacho, followed by the salmon and a strong finish of fig and pecan pie.  I anticipate a return visit - soon.
5	Wow...what a birthday!  My friends and I had the best time and the best meal!  We started at the bar with specialty drinks and great appetizers for happy hour...then on to our dinner table for flash-fried dungeness crab, short ribs with mashed potatoes and several other entrees. I could go on and on...but I'll end with dessert...smores!  Loved my birthday!!
5	Why have I not been here until just now??!!For our last evening together, one of my best friends, Lindsey U, and I came here. We had zero trouble making a reservation thru the Opentable app. We were greeted immediately when we walked in. We gave them our name and they sat us. I had always thought this place was smaller, so I was pleasantly surprised to see that it's quite spacious. I loved the homey, living room-esque look of the seats along the east wall. Very cool.Our waiter was great. Very energetic and knowledgable about the menu. We decided to share the grilled cheese app, the cast iron petite chicken, the pork osso buco confit, and the chocolate covered bacon s'mores for dessert.Delicious overload! Everything was amazing. The grilled cheese was creamy and crunchy, and the red pepper tomato soup was devine. And I'm *not* a tomato soup fan. We may have looked ridiculous hovering over our chicken and pork dishes on one corner of our table, but man was it worth it. Sharing is caring kids! The chicken was my fave. Juicy and delicious and that bacon biscuit stuffing was great. The pork was a little salty for my personal taste, but it was still very good. It came off the bone wicked easily and I'm pretty sure I could've eaten an entire bowl of just the spinach speatzle that came w/ it.And that dessert. Man. Rich, and sweet, and salty, and just the right amount.All I can say is, you get what you pay for here. Amazing.
5	If I could marry a restaurant, it would be Beckett's Table.My husband and I have been there twice, and each time we are blown away by the service and the food. My husband has had the smoked and grilled pork chop with cowboy caviar and he basically licked his plate. The time before, he had pork osso buco. And again....he basically licked his plate.I have had the cheeseburger and the tomato soup/grilled cheese (appetizer, but I had it for a meal). I loved both of them.The desserts are AMAZING. Everyone needs to try chocolate covered bacon - so order the s'more, stat. Beckett's table also has a great ambiance. It isn't too fancy, but just feels perfectly trendy with just the right touch of feeling romantic (if you want it to). Can't wait to go back!
1	Horrible service!  Been there twice and both times the waiters were arrogant and rude.  Will not split checks for large groups...utterly LAZY!  Will NOT go back.
4	good food. good for groups. I like this place.
5	Out of the dozen restaurants I visited while in Phoenix, this one topped the list. I was with a large group and we ordered every appetizer, entree, and desert on the menu. Every single one of these puppies motivated our group to moan and groan like Meg Ryan did in Harry Met Sally. Yes! Yes! Yes!!! Put this at the top of your "must try list" when you come to Phoenix my friends!
1	Aggravating.  Bad service.  Been there twice and the male wait staff are incredibly arrogant and lazy.  Wouldn't even split up the check when asked.  Will not go back.
4	Tasty food, enthusiastic staff. Had the smoked pork chop and it was delicious. Normally I don't like pork chops because they are either bland or too porky tasting. The pork chop here is smoked and probably brined, so it has good flavor throughout, slightly like ham. Had the roasted shishito peppers special and it was very good. Others had the salmon and they enjoyed it too. Upscale comfort food, with prices to match, but significantly better quality than normal restaurant comfort food.
1	The food was great, but the service was horrible. 1) When we made the reservation they asked if it was a special occasion, which it was: my birthday. (Yes, I had a separate party with my friends, but this was my birthday dinner w/ my parents).  At the end of the night the manager asked if we enjoyed our complimentary dessert, but it wasn't complimentary! We paid for it! At the end of our meal our server said "oh, is it like a special occasion? I saw that on the reservation but you all are so chill I didn't believe it..." 2) Our server flirted with the patron at the next table the entire night. No joke. We had to actually interrupt their conversation to get our check. It was awkward. For us.
4	Their mac and cheese appetizer was to die for! All the cocktails and food was amazing!! Would definitely go again! The salmon was waaaay too salty. at first, I thought the chef had spilled a bottle of salt on it. So I got the sea bass instead. It was much better than the salmon. But the appetizers and salads were all very good. And my husband got the short ribs! Definitely recommend those!!
5	YUM. This place is awesome. I am glad that everywhere we went before this that night had a long wait because I had been wanting to come here for a while. Our server was really nice and gave us some great recommendations. We tried the deep fried deviled eggs which I thought were really good (definitely an interesting taste, but a good one), and they were served with a really good hot sauce aioli. My boyfriend and I both got the short ribs which came highly recommended and they were AMAZING. Yummmm. So tender and great flavor, and the mashed potatoes were great as well. I got a red wine recommended by the server and it was really good too. Our friend got the osso bucco which I tried also. It was okay but I didn't like it nearly as much as the short ribs. Good ambiance and I will definitely be coming back. The patio looked really nice but it was way too hot on this particular day to sit out there.
5	From the minute you walk in the door this is a first class experience.  Ok, so it's in a strip mall but so was my favorite Italian restaurant in Jersey where I grew up.  From the hostess to the bartenders to the wait staff to the food I could not say one bad thing.  WIne list was thoughtful and fairly priced, food was well prepared and elegantly presented and the energy and ambience are upbeat and real.  If you haven't tried it yet : go!
1	Awful! The worst meal I have had at a restaurant. I came for the Sheppard's pie, but they don't serve it in the summer time. I had the cast iron chicken. The chicken was fine, but the stuffing was unbelievably SALTY. They give you  two green beans and a piece of broccoli as the vegetable. I tried my son's short ribs and they were very salty also. The waiter was very courteous and professional. They have these little water glasses and an employee who is constantly hovering over your table trying to keep the glasses filled. We arrived there at 5:30 p.m. There was a room full of empty tables, but the hostess made a big deal out of us not having reservations. We ended up in a corner at a small table for four, although there was five of us. By the time we left, there was still a room full of empty tables! If you know someone with high blood pressure and you want to kill them, bring them here. The salt content in the meals is ridiculous.
4	Love this place! The ambience, the food, the people. I like them on Facebook so I get updates and sneak peeks of their upcoming menu! I live nearby and go as often as I can. I've never ordered anything that wasn't awesome! One of my favorite places in Phoenix!
4	Cute, hip atmosphere. Food was delish. Arrived 15 minutes before our reservation and unfortunately could not be seated but completely fine as it was a Saturday but was served a glass of sangria on the house which was very unexpected yet very appreciated! Will be returning. Service was great as well!
5	Beckett's Table is the best restaurant I have been to this year.  Maybe ever?  Lets start with arrival. Promptly greeted and our table was ready shortly (we made reservations! They are a must!). Waitress was amazing! I wish I remembered her name. SUPER helpful, super knowledgable, and you could tell that she loved food, loved Beckett's, and wanted us all to love it.  As true foodies, we started with a few apps: Grilled cheese sandwich with the soup (very large! lots of food!) was delicious, the special- heirloom tomatoes with tomato clouds (waitress made sure there were 5 clouds, one for each of us) which was super delicious and super playful, and another dish I can't remember. They have a nice selection of beer- not too large, but good choices. I really enjoyed mine as did everyone else.  I got short ribs. Amazing. So amazing. I seriously dream about these short ribs. I want to drive to Phoenix right now to get some. They were on mashed potatoes that were excellent with some veggies. Friends had excellent food as well, spinach spaetzle was awesome. We also got a side of their bacon cheddar stuffing, which was excellent. Everything I tried this evening was SO delicious.  Dessert, as recommended, we got the smores, but we were so full we had to take them to go. Honestly, not the best choice. The homemade marshmallows were awesome. I'd love to go back and try the dessert in house, although they did package them perfectly to go. I'll be back as soon as I get the opportunity! If you're considering going, you absolutely must go!
5	Everything about this restaurant is perfect. The waitress serving us described Beckett's table food as being "upscale comfort food" which I think captures the essence of this place.Extensive wine list, cool decor, interesting and original menu, reasonable prices for fresh, quality food.Let's stop pretending I care about my health. This is what I ordered: the andouille sausage with grits (BEST GRITS I HAVE EVER HAD BY FAR. WOW!!), and a side of mashed potatoes. We were a table of six, so we kind of ordered from the whole menu. Other things that were in and around my mouth: the FANTASTICCCCCCCCCC mac and chesse, the meatballs, and the cheese board. We also got an amazing bottle of pinot grigio whose name escapes me probably cause I had about the 2-3 glasses and I'm a cheap drunk.To summarize: if you like alcohol, have a hearty appetite, and like to eat things that taste good but are bad for you, come to Beckett's table!
3	Service was excellent.  Probably top two or three in my experience here in the Valley.  As for the food, it was good.  Great cheeseburger, excellent pork chop, the short ribs were average, the pork osso bucco was average, the heirloom tomato salad was excellent, the cold blue crab soup was good, the biscuits were too dry, the mashed potatoes were good.  So mostly three star food, with some four star items mixed in.  It seems like there wasn't anything truly unique about the food.  Standard New American fare.  I'm getting tired of bacon, deep fried everything, and short ribs.  What knocks it down a star was the value.  Good New American food at great food prices.  Just wasn't feeling the value at all.
5	From the warm voice on the other end of the phone when I made reservations, to the great servers, wonderful dinner and desert, this place is excellent.  We've been here twice. Both times with our kids.  The place has a great menu with something for everyone.  How they pull of this great a place with no stuffiness is how a restaurant should be run.  Excellent place.   Thank you Chef Beckett
3	I was very impressed with the service, but the food was just OK.  I have had better and larger quantities for less price.Had the grilled cheese and tomato soup for a starter.  Terrific.  The best part of the meal.Entrees included Oso Buco and Short Ribs.  Both OK, but small in portion and taste would not encourage me to recommend or order again.Dessert, bacon chocolate smores was highly anticipated, but fell very short of satisfiying.  Bacon was not crisp and tasted/felt like chocolate cover beef jerky.  The peanut butter was the best part, but was not enough to save the dish.Drinks were great.  Good selection of bourbons and the wine selection was not top line, but very creative.Price was good for the food.  Service was over the top and very attentive.  Without the service, the rating would have gone down a star.All in all, the restaurant was OK, but I would recommend trying several other Phoenix restaurants before Becketts.
5	What a fantastic experience!  Arrived a little on the later side on a Tuesday evening and the place was busy and fun.  Food was amazing and our server, Pamela,deserves giant kudos, she was lovely, knowledgable and just all around delightful- clearly enjoys creating a wonderful dining experience.  I live in the SF Bay Area and my dining companions are foodies who are very particular and they loved this place!
5	Awesome food and service.  Cool atmosphere!  Love it!
2	I fully understand this is a beloved spot of Phoenix Restaurant Goers and Foodie Freaks which is the only reason why I hesitated writing anything bad about it...but somebody had to say it. I'll start off by saying that the ambiance of this place is amazing.  They truly did a good job with the look and feel.  I'm sure if I was just coming in for a drink with friends, I wouldn't have been unimpressed.  I mean, you can't really mess up a rum and coke can you?  But I didn't come in for drinks, I came in for a celebration dinner with my family.  The food was mediocre at very best.  I'm not going to get into the specifics of how bad everything was or the fact that they were out of BOTH of my Mom's first two choices on the menu (its a small menu and a busy weekend night....how about a little preparation?)I had tried: "Beckett Table Signature Fork Tender Short Ribs"...if that was their signature..yikes.  bland, boring, and small. "Fire Roasted Green Chili Pork Stew"....just blah. nothing special. "Bacon Cheddar Biscuits" .....nothing tasty about these at all. "BT Bacon Biscuit Stuffing"....burnt and would have been better out of a box. Whomever said this is American Comfort Food must be one Uncomfortable American.
5	My new favorite restaurant ever. By. Far. The best tomato soup, grilled cheese, ravioli special, chicken with to die for stuffing, osso bucco that couldn't have been better, and to finish it off: coffee creme brulee? Great selection of local wines too! One tip: skip the biscuits.
5	Second time at Beckett's table in two years and its just as good as I remember! This restaurant offers a decidedly gourmet and upscale menu for an incredibly reasonable price. The short ribs are one of the best things on the menu for avid carnivores but there are also a plethora of great options for vegetarians as well. This is probably one of the only restaurants I have seen where the veggie platter actually looks like a well thought out dish rather than whatever the chef has left over in the pantry.Beckett's table has a great wine selection and even the house blends are delicious for the untrained wine enthusiasts (like me). Cocktails also look delicious though I have never had the opportunity to try them. Dessert was FANTASTIC! Split the chicory coffee creme brulee and it was tasted exactly like a delicious hot cup of coffee!All in all, great place for any and all types of groups and definitely worth the visit. I would rank this as one of the best restaurants in Phoenix.
5	Amazing Service...Amazing food! Must try everything at least once! We almost did tonight. Lol so flavorful and portioned just right!
3	I had the grilled cheese which was incredible!!!! The service was not as good as I would have hoped...we did have a big table though.  The signature drinks were great however when the bartender changed so did the taste of the drinks which seemed to be a bit off. But overall a good experience. Seems like a good date spot for sure.
1	I waited about a week to write this review to see if my opinions would change; and unfortunately they haven't. I hardly ever write negative reviews because I am a very "forgiving" customer. However this was one of the worst experiences ever.Let me start off by saying the atmosphere was very lively and upbeat which was great.  This was our first time going to this place so I didn't have any preconceived notions about it. This was not just a dinner but this was a celebration dinner for my husband. I made reservations for 19 almost a week before the date of the dinner. I was told that this wouldn't be a problem and to confirm my appt the day before. I actually spoke with about 3 different ppl during that week and everyone still said everything was fine. When I got to the restaurant with my party we walked back to our table and it was 2 separate tables with our backs to the next table. If you have ever booked a dinner for family and friends, you would assume that you are all sitting together. Immediately I asked the waiter to see what can be done about this as I couldn't believe no one thought to tell me. The waiter said there was nothing he could do so of course I went straight to the manager. The arrogance and horrible attitude that I encountered was disgusting!!! I asked if they could please try and move tables around or accommodate us as this was a reservation that was held for almost a week. He didn't even try and said no there's nothing he can do. I asked him why I wasn't told this and he said "we do not have to disclose that." I literally couldn't believe that we were bringing them that much business and they treated me like I was walking in off the streets. I had to walk away from him as I could feel my blood pressure rising. A family friend went up to him and kept trying to get this worked out and needless to say he wouldn't even apologize. He then stated that he would give us champagne and desserts on the house. He never once came over to the table to apologize or even check on us. They kept saying there was no way to move the tables yet we thought of a TON of ways to get all of us together. The dirty looks and rolling of the eyes by the manager and certain staff members was unacceptable to me. The sad thing is that the food was pretty good but because of the horrible service that we received, I would never step foot in this place. Others in the large party said the same thing as they couldn't believe the horrible treatment we received. I have been to many restaurants around the world and I know what good food and service feels like. This was below average by far. If you are wanting to plan a large party or dinner with this place-RUN! It was a nightmare...
4	My sister and I had a very good experience here for the most part.  The waiters and one of the women owners we talked with were friendly, helpful and only the person at the front entrance was a little stand-offish(maybe because we didn't make a reservation and were casually dressed? or older? who knows?).  The food was the AZ Restaurant Week Special and good for the most part, but not quite that special.... could have used more herbs, spices, etc. Presentation was beautiful, tho. The chocolate mousse desert was the best and that was because it was not too sweet but very chocolate-y!  Could have used some nuts sprinkled on the top with maybe a berry or some such fruit.....just to add a little crunch and specialness to it however.
5	Beckett's Table is a great combination of laid-back and upscale, with great service and even better food.  This is one of those places where you need to go hungry, because is you skip any course you will be doing yourself a disservice.  We started with the grilled cheese as an appetizer, which sounds very mundane.  Not so.  It comes with pancetta, four different cheeses, and a delectable roasted red pepper tomato soup for your dipping pleasure.  I selected the osso buco for my entree, and I was not disappointed.  I love osso buco and Chef Beckett did right by me.  I went with the chocolate dipped bacon s'mores for desert, and was transported to hog heaven.  I might have to book a stay at the local cardiac unit for after my next visit, but it will be worth it.
3	We went there for restaurant week/girls night. I will have to give Beckett's table three stars; some good and some bad.Unfortunately our waitress wasn't the friendliest and seemed very uninterested in her job and the place she worked. The waitress knew I didn't eat meat , but still let me order the s'more dessert that was covered in bacon. Needless to say, I didn't eat it. To clarify; I do not eat mammal meat, but I do eat fish!Aside from that, I loved the patio where we sat--but I think I had the weather to thank for that. My salmon was tasty, but not the best I have had. I loved that they paired edamame with it--very unique and I will take that trick home with me. I should have ordered the Grilled Veggie plate because my girlfriend ordered it and I ended up eating some of it, but I wanted to get some protein.My salad was ok; not amazing. I did love that they included shaved radishes on the salad. That is also something I don't see often.Beckett's is a return visit; but certainly with a different waitress and I will probably explore the menu a little more. Next time I hope to give it 5 stars, because I think the place is capable.
3	1st time at BT. It was bustling even at 9pm. Good food and warm atmosphere. Food was well prepared and beautifully arranged. It was a little on the small side. We were there for Phoenix Restaurant Week. Staff was friendly but spread kind of thin. Bread is provided on a per request basis so if you'd like to munch on something just ask. Overall good experience just wish the portions were bigger. Oh the bathrooms have cool sliding doors too.
2	Went here for restaurant week. It was $30 per person for an app, entree and dessert. I know it was a 'deal' but $30 for dinner for one person is not cheap. And given the very, very limited choices for the deal I did expect normal sized portions. They were small and I left hungry. I had some potato soup that tasted ok. Nothing amazing or anything. It was luke-warm in a boiling lava hot, very shallow bowl, so half the time was spent trying to figure out how to tilt the bowl to get a spoonful without blistering my fingers. I think they were hoping the super hot dish would heat up the soup. It did... kinda. Some bites were barely warm and some bites burnt my tongue. For my entree I had the salmon. It was overcooked, dry and crunchy around the edges with zero seasoning. It was one of the most bland things I've ever eaten. It was sitting on some weird avocado puree which also had no flavor. The tiny side salad was good.... quinoa and a lemon vinaigrette dressing with arugula. The dessert was an apple bread pudding which was dry and tiny. About 4 bites. It did taste good though, I just wish I wasn't still hungry after $30 worth of food. The service was good, and almost over the top. The water glasses, like the potion sizes, are tiny, so every time I would take a sip the bus boy would be right there topping it off. Every time. It was weird. Maybe if their water glasses were larger than 8 oz (literally), my glass wouldn't look half empty after one sip. I'll not be returning. The only saving grace was the ambiance of the place. It was warm and cozy.
3	I had dinner here with my parents tonight. It was a little hit-and-miss. The server was very johnny-on-the-spot until we told him that we were having a leisurely meal. To start, Dad got the deep fried deviled eggs - they were a little bland. Mom got the tomato soup - it was delicious.For our entrees, Dad had the pork stew - it wasn't very stewy but it was ok and the corn bread was good. Mom had the sea bass - it was ok. I had the short ribs and they were delicious. For dessert we got the coffee creme brulee and the pecan pie. The creme brulee had a strong coffee flavor - good but strong. The fig pecan pie with citrus ice cream was good, but since I have the palette of a 5 year-old, I prefer classic sugary pecan pie. When we made the reservation, we mentioned that we were celebrating two birthdays so they comped our desserts and put candles on them - very sweet of them. Overall - very attentive service, the food was fine-excellent depending on what we ordered. I'd go back, but I probably won't bring my foodie parents again.
3	I was very disappointed in the food. Portions were quite small and monochromatic in tasty. We had to ask for bread. The dessert was very dry. All around skimpiness and not worth the money. There are many restaurants for tha same money around.
3	We went here for a date night and thought it was a really cool space. It was really busy but the staff wasn't bothered and they were still really nice.We started with a butchers board/cheese platter which was great. They had some homemade pickled and smoked stuff on there which was awesome. Unfortunately, I would have to say that was my favorite part of the meal.Boyfriend had the speitzle (sp?) and pork chop. The speitzle had no flavor. The pork was ok. I had a shrimp and grits dish where the shrimp were in a cajun style sauce and the grits on the side. My dish was much better than boyfriends but they didn't give you many shrimp, but the sauce was ok. The grits were eh...I had to salt them, and if you read some of my other posts from other places, I don't salt my food so for me to walk into a restaurant and have to salt food. The pricing was a bit high for what else you could get in the area that was a lot better. I don't want to knock these guys too hard because its clear they have a cool concept, but I think it needs to be fine tuned a bit. I would go back here for sure and spend the money on some wine and an app, but might be reluctant to go on a whim and get an entree again.
4	First time here for my husband's birthday on a Wednesday night, at 6:30 pm!  LOVED it!  Hubby had the (pork shank) osso Buco....i had the roasted deboned chicken and the chopped vegetable salad.  And they offered a gluten free option for my entree, which i genuinely appreciated having so many GF choices!  My husband had an amazing cocktail with their own caramel apple concoction and bourbon and calvado apple brandy!  YUM!   I would give it five stars but was a bit disappointed when were initially seated (i had made a reservation and said it was a birthday dinner) and they saw we had our almost nine year old son, it was a family celebration afterall, and gave us a dark table near the back of the half empty restaurant.  Not all kids are ill behaved, plus I have horrible eyesight....and prefer being able to see my food!  they remedied it quickly which i appreciated, but i felt bad having to ask and didn't like the evening starting off like that.  the food and service were stellar, great ambience and rustic casual decor, amazing cocktails and all the homemade gluten free ICE CREAM - OMG, must try!
4	Amazing food, outstanding service. I loved it, from appetizers to the chocolate covered bacon s'mores!
4	This was our first time at Beckett's Table.  I've been wanting to go based on reviews I have read on Yelp and since it was restaurant week we figured it would be the perfect time to check it out.  Overall I was very impressed with the service and the quality of the food.  The bacon cheddar biscuits they have are fantastic and I recommend ordering some of the table.  I had the salmon and my husband had the pork osso bucco.  The pork was OK and the salmon was good.  For dessert we had the bacon smore and it was good.  It was deconstructed which was fun, but the portion was kind of small.  We will return to try out more things on the menu.
3	I had the risotto.  It was a little gritty and lacked the creamy texture one seeks in risotto.  My hypothesis is that it hadn't been stirred often enough.In hindsight, I wish I had ordered the short ribs.  I am not normally a connoisseur of this kind of thing, but the presentation of the beat salad was pretty cool.  An architectural looking sort of structure.
5	Been to Beckett's twice now. Fantastic. Great service and atmosphere, and the food is incredible. Do yourself a favor and check it out. My wife and I went the first time on a date, and the second time we went with my parents and the kids. We sat outside both times, but inside was really nice as well. They were great about my food allergies, which always makes such a big difference. There wasn't a lot on the menu I could have because of my allergies, but the chef can work around pretty much anything and still make it taste great. Not an easy feat. We'll be going back!
4	After hearing several recommendations for the place my wife and I ate there for a quick dinner before a play downtown.  Place has a great vibe to it and we found food as good as the vibe.  The person taking the reservation could not have been nicer, and that waitstaff could not have been more helpful. My wife had the green chilli stew and I had the short ribs.  Both were wonderful. We went on Sunday and they price bottles of Arizona wine at half price so we took 1/2 a bottle home.  Only disappointment was the Patio seating. It had a lot of street noise and  the views were of a parking lot and the strip mall next door. Next time we will sit inside.
2	My friend and I had to wait almost 15mins to order our meal and the restaurant was not even busy. Only half of the tables had customers. Food was okay. I had pork stew and it was a bit salty but okay. My friend is vegetarian and she ordered mac n cheese and some side dish. The server recommended grilled vegetable medley (i don't remember the name of the entre and don't even want to check the menu) when we got our check to pay. We had to wave our hands to get attention from the server or other people working at the restaurant to get our water glasses filled. The bottom line is "cute place with okay food and terrible service". Oh we had a reservation.haha
4	Went there for my birthday. I had the short ribs, while the rest of my party of 5 had sea bass, dumplings, the chicken and the salmon. They were all cooked well and delicious. The server was awesome and accommodated all our needs even when we brought our own cake. Would definitely consider going there again.
4	We all agreed that we have to go back and bring a newby along.  My friends and I gathered at Beckett's Table to try some of the dishes we had heard about. And everyone was pleased with their meals except for me because I had 'dish envy'.  You know, the moment when you realize that everyone else's plate looks more delicious than yours. Yeah, I had the chicken 'n' dumplings.  It was good but not as good as the chewers who were eating the short ribs, cheeseburger, and the shrimp and andouille sausage.  Beckett's Table is a wide open space filled with tables! The decor is not overwhelming, but inviting. The atmosphere is cool and laid back. The staff was super friendly from the time I booked our group outing to being the very last people to go. Even then, there was no attitude that we had overstayed our welcome.  So, yeah, we have to go back!
4	Great food,good service.
4	Iron Chicken was flavorful! Also got the short rib, wasn't bad.  A little dry.  The veggies were very fresh and mash potatoes was extremely tasty.
3	We got the chicken and dumplings and the fork tender ribs. They were both pretty good but nothing I'll be craving again in the future. The dumplings were a little bit bland for me but it was a huge portion. The ribs were quite tasty but both the ribs and potatoes were sour so it got a little old after a few bites. The people next to me got the burger and fries and it looked really good. If I ever go back I'll try that.
5	I've eaten here twice now and have enjoyed both dinners a lot!  We found them during restaurant week and returned a few weeks later with family who were visiting.  I highly suggest this restaurant!  The service has been fantastic both times.
5	Great dinner.  We arrived early and was seated early.  Very good service, and good food too!  Enjoyed the pleasant atmosphere.
4	Held a dinner meeting for 8 people out on the patio. Service was spot on and the food was outstanding. Started off with the roasted Brussels sprouts that were perfected roasted  and tossed in a light sauce and crumbled bacon on top. Mac and Cheese, not your average run of the mill but rather corkscrew pasta with a light cream sauce that had a hint of whole grain mustard. This is a must. Also the table had the Grilled cheese and tomato soup sauce. This was very good as well. They have about 10 solid entrees that range from $13 dollars ( burger) to $24 for the Seared Tuna. Our group had Salmon, butternut squash risotto, Short Ribs!!! All very good. They have a unusually dessert of Chocolate bacon s'mores. This was in my book just ok. 2 strips of bacon dipped in chocolate, served with 2 homemade marshmallows (killer) and some graham crackers that sat above some homemade Carmel sauce? That was just ok. All in All dinner was really very good. Will be back with the family to sample other items as well.
3	Birthday dinner #2, first-timer for Beckett's Table, I guess I just wasn't impressed.Sunday night around 7, the restaurant is about 40% full with a couple of patio tables. We were greeted warmly and taken to the table. Interesting enough, the first thing i noticed here is the deco, very contemporary american diner setting, yeah, that's how I could describe. The dinner tables and chairs are clearly divided into two colors, beige-ish or dark chocolate-ish, somehow there were no specific color match arrangement or setting, it was a bit random to me.While the hostess was very nice, our waitress had a I-do-not-want-to-work-on-sundays face, I think that just described enough. My entree was the butternut squash risotto. The presentation of this dish was good at a first sight, but when you look at it closely, I don't understand why the fried almost turned black brussels leaves are floating around, it was oily and tasteless. If you want to add a touch of green to the dish, maybe don't fry it as much so it would stay at green. Overall the dish was too salty for me, and a bit too rich as well....Though my friend enjoyed his shrimp and sausage dish very much.Maybe next time...
5	We tried Beckett's Table for the first time last night.  I loved the ambiance of this place!  Our waitress was fantastic walking us through the menu items.  As a starter, I ordered the special, which was bone marrow topped with capers and some other things.  I had never tried bone marrow before that, but I figured if I'm going to be adventurous I'm going to do it at an "upscale casual dining" place like Beckett's Table.  As for my verdict, it was delicious.  It was buttery and flavorful!  My entree was the seared tuna with a Mediterranean jardiniere.  It was the highest priced menu item, so I figured it must at least taste great.  It wasn't great, but it wasn't bad.  It just paled in comparison to my husband's short rib entree.  No doubt, if I had to do it all over again I would have ordered the signature short ribs, too.  It was the kind of dish that makes you really happy as you're chewing.  Oh well, live and learn.  For desert we had their award winning fig and pecan pie.  What makes this dessert extraordinary is that ice cream they top it with.  I feel like it was the star on the plate.  The pie just complemented that cream cheese lemon zest ice cream.  Even though I don't have too much to say about my seared tuna, I still gave Beckett's table 5 stars because there were just too many compensating factors.  We will be back!
3	How do you park . Went there the other night after hearing about it and the cars were lined up . Looked like they had valet parking so I waited in line. Turns out it was cars leaving who couldn't get a spot. I guess I'll wAit till the summer when it slows down .
4	Muy ricos aperitivos, merece la pena aprovechar la oferta de la "social hour"  para probar un poco de todo.
5	Becketts Table: I've been here a number of times and here's what I can tell you.-short ribs; best in town. Seriously... Amazing. Better than Chelsea's Kitchen short ribs (which used to be #1 in that category.)-the palmaire drink - yum!!!-green chile pork stew-ok-Osso bucco - ok-deviled eggs- okay to me, my hubby really liked them-grilled cheese- holy yum!!-grits-yum!! Again! So good!-salmon-okay.Seriously. Get the short ribs.
4	Soo good! Fresh, great presentation and good portion size. .we even had room for dessert!  We had short ribs,  salmon and toasted coconut cake for dessert (the best part!)
5	Basically, I had no idea that my birthday would include a party in my mouth! This place is amazing, and I don't say that lightly. First of all, it's cool without being pretentious (i.e. I could wear my jeans and my heels), and priced right for the amount of food and the quality of the service and the food itself. All of this makes up for the fact that there's an absurd amount of opportunity to eat bacon here. Which is a little concerning for a nice Jewish girl like myself and in conflict with the fact that the menu is very accommodating to vegetarians. We had the roasted brussels sprouts to start, and I shared the butternut squash risotto and Scottish salmon. Truth be told, I loved the quinoa salad that comes with the salmon more than anything. Oh and how could I forget the dessert?! It was...interesting. Deconstructed smore with chocolate covered bacon - pass, the bacon was yucky. Coffee creme brulee? Yes, please! ENJOY!
3	Came to Beckett's Table upon some recommendations from locals for my weekend visit and although we enjoyed our experience, the meal wasn't much to rave about. The ambiance and service is fantastic but the food left something to be desired.We came close to 9 p.m. on a Saturday night and were seated pretty quickly. The booth was amazing. It was like eating on my home sofa. Incredibly comfortable and intimate. Pam our server came to greet us and chatted us up a bit. She was incredibly helpful when it came to questions on the menu and recommendations.We opted for the cheese bread, brussel sprouts, shrimp and grits and osso bucco.Cheese bread - served with apple butter. While good, I've had better apple butter. I suppose I like my apple butter more buttery, less apple-y. This apple butter was more like an apple sauce.Brussel Sprouts - winner of the night! I could have eaten 3 orders myself.Shrimp and grits - a bit too salty for my liking. But good. Plentiful shrimp, wished there was more andouille sausage. Grits were great!Osso Bucco - not too special. Spaetzle was a bit bland and the pork was off. We couldn't pinpoint what it was, but we've had plenty better.Fig & Pecan pie - This was tied for the winner of the night. Served with cream cheese citrus ice cream, it was amazing with my cup of coffee. I really enjoyed this dessert and would recommend it to everyone who dines here. The texture of the cream cheese ice cream and the crust of the pie and the fig and the pecan really paired well together.
4	they have apple butter!! aaaahhhh
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said in multiple other reviews.  Food is always fantastic, wait staff is friendly and helpful without being overbearing, and there are always new and exciting things to try.  This is our go to date night spot.  We also ordered a fig pecan pie from them for Thanksgiving and it was the hit of the meal, so good!
4	Another amazing meal at Beckett's Table! The new crab cake appetizer is simply the BEST crab cake in the valley!
5	This is one of our favourite restaurants in Phoenix.  We've been back numerous times, bringing family and friends, and it never fails to disappoint.  That's what keeps us coming back.  The service and food are always top notch.
5	I'm writing another review at the urging of my husband.  This go around I am convinced we must frequent Beckett's Table more often.  My husband and I both ordered the short ribs because it was so good last time.  Just as good as I remember so that made me happy.  Last time we ordered the fig and pecan pie with the cream cheese and lemon zest ice cream.  This time I just wanted the ice cream.  Soooooooo good.We sat out in the garden patio.  The heater was on making the temperature just right.  Our server was pleasant and made sure we always had bread.  That's one thing we didn't know from last visit.  Bread is given upon request so make sure you ask for some.  We love this place.  I encourage everyone to give it a try!
3	Went for my birthday was happy with the short ribs I ordered, creative and trendy menu.
4	We just moved to the area and I have been telling myself for months that I need to try Beckett's Table. Let's just say I was not let down, we went on a Sunday night and the place was packed. Apparently its was half priced Arizona wine night, which is a pretty large draw for BT. My wife and I ended up sitting outside on Dec. 30th and we very comfortable crazy enough. The heaters kept us warm on a rather cold night, the enclosed sides of the patio also aided the warmth. As for the food it was top notch, I couldn't have asked for a better dinner that night. Between the 2 of us we had the Cast Iron chicken, Fingerling Potatoes, Mac & cheese, and their app board. I also accidentally ordered a whole bottle of wine (long story), which ended up being great and I was able to re-cork it to take home. I know that I will go back at some point and I do want to experience the main indoor dining area before I can up my rating to 5 stars. Service was amazing, food was great, and atmosphere was spot on. All in all I cannot wait to make the trek back and enjoy another phenomenal evening at Beckett's Table.
5	I had made reservations for Beckett's table on open table. They were about 5 minutes late on our reservation and they had brought two comped glasses of champagne right away. The service was very impressive. The food was good too. We tried the pork Osco busco and the shrimp, sausage, and grits. The grits on the shrimp dish were the creamiest that I have ever had. Very tasty.
4	Casual atmosphere and good foodI found Beckett's Table on the Devour Phoenix AND Wine Spectator web sites when searching for a casual place for an anniversary night out. We arrived at the restaurant a few minutes early and found our table ready, with the flowers I had ordered waiting for us. Food was tasty, if a bit uneven (I had some cold veggies on my plate), with the Tuna Tartare appetizer and Pecan and Fig Pie for dessert the stars of the meal (make sure to ask for bread, which was scrumptious!). I was surprised that a Wine Spectator award winner had marginally helpful staff to select wines, though the selection was good and we enjoyed both the glass of Prosecco and bottle of White Burgundy that we enjoyed with dinner. Overall, the experience was very good, if not perfect, and we'll visit again when we're near.
2	Too much "Foo Foo" and not enough substance. Deep fried hard boiled eggs, sausage cooked in grits or brussel sprouts are not my idea of appetizers that you would enjoy with a glass or two of wine. The meat main courses were okay but the side dishes like the spinach spaetzle was bland with no flavor. My wife had the Ahi Tuna and wouldn't eat it because it tasted like it was spoiled. It may have been the spices or sauces and she normally loves Ahi, but not this night. The guy at the front door needs to get a job in the back kitchen where he doesn't  have to deal with people but once you get past him the rest of the staff were absolutely wonderful and did great job. None of the four of us will go back because the menu was just too "over the top" but it obviously appeals to a lot of others because the place was packed. I am not saying that you shouldn't try Beckett's but make sure you read their menu on line first because it may just be too "Foo Foo" for your taste!
5	My wife and I have visited a couple of times, and each time we were blown away! The food is perfectly cooked and full of flavor. The first time I ordered the house special which was St. Louis style ribs, and let me tell you, they were the best ribs I have ever had! The second time I went, I got the short rib, and it was delicious. My only regret so far has been that we have not saved room for dessert, I am so looking forward to the chocolate covered bacon!
4	This was the 3rd time dining at Becketts Table. Delicious and fun atmosphere.  Only negative is the acoustics--hard to have a conversation in there.
4	This is a neighborhood gem for sure.Great food and a lot of gluten free options.The tuna was delicious.Great decision as well and not that pricey.Worth the visit.Cheers
4	Great food enjoyed the resturant. Will go back
3	I wanted to like it more (biased to support local), but food was just average. Also, unbearably loud. I wish I knew sign language. However, the bacon smores was inventive and almost worth a trip.  I'd go to Crudo or Milagro Grill if in the area instead.
4	I am visiting my old hometown after a business trip and my parents just knew that I would really enjoy this place. Well, if I lived in Phoenix then this place would be one of my haunts. Try the grits app, and the doughnuts with banana pudding dessert. I was torn about my entree- osso bucco or short ribs? I had the shirt ribs and my only complaint is that I could have used a vat of the red wine reduction. So good!
2	I was very disappointed in our meal here.  I was so excited to eat here because of all the good reviews but there is nothing really special at all.  We started our meal with the goat cheese appetizer,  and it wasnt bad but it also wasn't special, I've had similar appetizers at other restaurants that were much better.  For my entree I was deciding between the short ribs and the pork osso bucco so I asked the waiter and he said the short ribs were the best thing on the menu so I went with that.  If that's the best they have then the rest of the menu must be very sub par.  The short ribs were tender but pretty much flavor less.   The mashed potatoes and veg was nothing I couldnt make at home.  My husband had the chicken wnd his exact review was "average at best".  To top it off he was up with stomach issues all night.  The coconut cake was pretty good.  The restaurant is beautiful but the seating is horrible and its extremely loud.  I will not return.
4	great food. however, they run out of at least one coveted item every single time we are here. disappointing.
4	My boyfriend and I went here last week for Valentine's Day. Unfortunately since we made reservations too late, we couldn't get a table until 9:30 pm. Side note: More restaurants should allow online reservations. Finding a table was a breeze.After enjoying a cocktail at Crudo, we arrived about 15 minutes early to Beckett's Table. Much to our surprise we were immediately sat. The inside of the restaurant is very chic & trendy, with low lighting and music playing at not too annoying of a volume. Our server was very friendly and helpful with the menu. My boyfriend ordered Miss Katie's Pimm's Cup and I ordered a Flinn's Dilemma because well... it had both Jameson & Bushmill whiskeys. How can I pass that one up? Our cocktails were delicious although my boyfriend noted that mine tasted much better. It might just be a preference for whiskey over vodka though. :)For an appetizer, we really wanted to try the fried deviled eggs. I love deviled eggs and was all about trying them fried. However, much to our chagrin they were sold out. Boo. We ordered Brussels sprouts instead. They were quite tasty, but could have been a little more caramelized? Despite my total hatred of mustard anything, the dressing was a nice addition. For our main course, my boyfriend ordered the short ribs and I ordered the butternut squash risotto. We both really enjoyed our meals. I love butternut squash anything so I'm easy to please in that area. Overall, it was a very enjoyable experience. Service was top notch and our food was delicious. I would definitely come back again and think this is a great choice for a date night.
5	Loved it! Can't wait to go back!Immediately after being seated, I spotted Pimm's Cup on the drink menu. I did not have to look any further. Its my absolutely favorite so I had to order that. It was okay, not the best but I still enjoyed it.We had Fried Deviled Eggs & Bacon Cheddar Biscuits to start. Biscuits were yummy and I thought it was strange that it was served with apple butter but after tasting it, it worked. The deviled eggs were okay... I'll probably try something else next time.For entrees, it was hard for me to decide. I was going back and forth between the Pork Osso Bucco Confit & the Short Ribs. Our server had me sold on the pork when she mentioned it was her favorite thing on the menu. I am so glad she did. I absolutely loved it. The pork was so tender. The Spaetzel with pancetta was delicious also. I loved the sauce that it was in. I haven't had a dish that Wow'd me in a very, very long time and this one definitely did. BF had the Green Chile Stew (we originally planned to go to Rokerij). He enjoyed it, but I did not. It was too sweet for my taste which I didn't expect from it. He thought the cornbread was lacking in flavor and preferred to eat it with the cheddar biscuits we ordered. Service was good. We sat at the community table. I like that there are options between dining table, patio, community table or bar. Our server was very attentive & informative.I'll have to go back to try the short ribs but I think it will be hard for me to come by again and not get the pork again. It's been a week and I am still thinking about it!
5	Came here on Valentines day. I got the assorted breads with outlandish toppings. Tasted amazing. My fiance got the panini with soup. It too was amazing. The staff was friendly, and the food was bomb. Nice ambiance. Bartenders have  a bunch of tattoos and powerful beards which makes them look intimidating, but in all actuality they're cool.
3	Seasonal food with good service.Shortribs - Very good, could be a bit more tender and flavorful but still very good.Shrimp and Andoiulle sausage - the shrimp and sausage was good, but was a bit too much sauce, could have used rice or noodles to make it a bit more completeOsso Buco Pork - excellent tasting pork and spinach spaetzel.  My favorite was the bone marrow. I asked and was told about 50% of people ignore the bone marrow, people! Suck out the MARROW! It's the BEST PART!Biscuits - pretty good overall but a bit harder than I would have liked, think the red lobster ones but harderEven rating this 3 star, I would go back, it's just a great experience!
5	Our 2nd time here was last Thursday after my kids traumatic visit to the allergist.... he actually picked Becketts Table for dinner because, well........ he knows Chef Becketts kid......good reason I suppose. So we got there shortly before 5..... there were already people waiting for the doors to open...... We were promptly seated at 5:01, I kid, it was 5:00. OK but really to make a very long story short, I love this place. Service is beyond great..... bacon & cheddar biscuits w/apple butter are delish..... I ordered the petite chicken and it was perfectly moist on the inside crisp on the outside..... the kid had chicken strips & fries.....he loved his meal. The kids father had steamed halibut (special ordered bc he's ridiculous...... and on diet). I liked that they had a kids menu.... I liked that our waiter pointed out all of the pig statues to my kid, the pigs even have names. Good job! We will be back.
4	great place, very clean and service was great.the food, a ok. devil's egg. you can actually skip that, no flavor.the short ribs was way too much salt for my taste, I wish they ease up a bit, because you can always add if you want it saltier.Andouille sausage, shrimp, and grits. you have to ask them extra spicy, otherwise it would be too bland. we asked for extra spicy, now it taste just right. bold.the grits, hm. I don't think it goes well with the dish. anyway,then we order the donut as our appetizer. that was nice too.great place for dinner.
5	I went here months ago, but I still think about the food often.  I had the short rib and it's seriously the best I've ever had. I don't remember much more about this experience   as I was hypnotized by the short ribs.  Oh and the place is spaced out very well and awesome atmosphere. I need to go back pronto.
5	While Beckett's Table initially doesn't seem like a place to take little kids, they treat families right, allowing parents o enjoy a great meal in an adult atmosphere while giving kids the simple food they need.  We had a great experience with aC (6 years old) and would surely come back again if we're in the area.SIDES: The bacon cheddar biscuits are some of the best biscuits I've ever had.  You must try these.  They aren't light, flaky, and airy like traditional southern biscuits, but are crunchy on the outside with tons of cheese, bacon, and even some scallions.  The apple butter adds a sweetness and plays well with the rich, flavors of the biscuits.MAINS: The fork tender short ribs were just as advertised.  No knife needed and full of rich flavors.  These were top notch, paired well with the mashed potatoes and veggies, and highly recommended.  There are a lot of other dishes that looked great, but I'd have to order this again next time.I had a bit of AC's B Burger, which was top notch - juicy with a light brioche bun that was just enough to stand up to the juices and grease, and to hold up the large burger and thick bacon.  The fries were good as well, but not super memorable.DESSERT: We had the cinnamon sugar donut holes which were very good.  You get four large, crunchy cake donuts served over dollops of banana pudding of banana pudding and drizzled with chocolate and caramel.  The cinnamon sure gives it a churro-like flavor but it has a lot more heft.DRINKS: With 1/2 price Arizona wine on Sundays, we ordered a bottle of Dos Cabezas red (a light GMS blend) for $20.50, which is roughly what you would pay at retail.  You can essentially get a bottle of local wine without the markup.KIDS MENU:The kids menu is chock full of well prepared food that kids love like sliders, PB&J, and quesadillas.  aC kept it simple by ordering pasta with butter, which was cooked  al dente and not swimming in butter, along with fruit as her side.  She also got a fresh chocolate cookie included with her meal.
3	Went with a group of friends and we shared several apps and dishes. We tried one of the specials, duck confit, as well as deviled eggs and bacon biscuits for appetizers. For meals we shared cast iron petite chicken, pork osso buco confit (based on several Yelp reviews), and fork tender short ribs. Dessert consisted of the fig & pecan pie and chocolate dipped bacon s'mores. Our overall assessment was TOO SALTY. I actually love salt and could eat it plain, so the duck was ok to me but even I could tell that it was too salty. It was basically inedible for everyone else. The bacon biscuits were good, maybe a bit dense/hard, but are huge and only come with three (we split one and it was fine, but some might find this annoying). We had the same saltiness issue with the pork, though 2 people ordered it and one was worse than the other. The summer veggie spaetzle that came with the pork was a bit off putting (green and quite a large serving) and no one ate it - I would switch it out if you can. The short ribs were very similar to a pot roast. It smelled exactly like canned cat food but tasted ok - the mashed potatoes were excellent and the highlight of this dish for me. Everyone was actually most impressed with the chicken! It was tender, moist, and seasoned perfectly.As for dessert, the fig and pecan pie was very dry and we didn't finish it. The cream cheese citrus ice cream was refreshing and interesting. The s'mores were awesome. I wish there was more marshmallow (amazing) and the chocolate covered bacon was entire strips of bacon covered in chocolate and very, very good. I could have done without the peanut butter but other people liked it.The ambiance was really nice and our server was great.
4	In Phoenix for spring training baseball, didn't really know any places in town, figured Yelp had done right by us in the past, so decided to give Beckett's a try.Good choice. Inviting atmosphere. Solid, traditional middle American food, artfully prepared. If I lived in Phoenix, I'd probably come here to celebrate birthdays and anniversaries. Only reason I didn't give them five stars is because a restaurant has to be so overwhelmingly surprising to get my fifth star. But a safe, solid, reliable choice.
5	This place is an enjoyable, family friendly restraunt that has delectable comfort food for all ages. The owner knows the likes and dislikes of smaller children and is also the head chef. The creative menus that vary every season always promise something new whenever I return. Every time I've been there another food item becomes added to my "favorites list." Though I usually hate cauliflower, the specially cooked (I can't remember how it was cooked) cauliflower was my favorite dish I've ever had there. The waiters/waitresses are extremely kind, love little children, and assist you when  you need help picking from the menu (some of the most indecisive moments of my life) using their favorites and new items that other customers have praised. This fun place is great for some older kids (9-12ish) while they wait for their food to arrive because of the little surprises here and there. Hidden in the rafters are some fake pigs that you can find scattered here and there. I've lost count of how many there actually are because after an insanely delicious meal, I forget how many I had counted. My favorite thing about this place is when it comes to food you don't need to act your age. I've seen little kids order pretty sophisticated meals that even I can't pronounce. And if an adult wants to re-visit their childhood, no one will judge them if they order mac-n-cheese.
3	Not impressed at all. Drinks take a while. Like a long while. Like when Bigfoot has to get a spa mani pedi. This adventure is going to set you back a few minutes. I've had doctors visits and cable company appointments arrive sooner.
4	If you're visiting Phoenix or even if you have a long layover, Beckett's Table is definitely worth a visit, especially if you have a gluten allergy. It doesn't look like much from the outside as it's just at the edge of a non-descript strip mall. Once you walk in you notice a really cool interior with awesome big beams, brickwork and a nice looking bar. The menu isn't huge, but there are enough options where you'll find something interesting and gluten free items are clearly marked. Iced tea is tasty, but served with an orange instead of a lemon, weird. The short ribs were packed with flavor and if you order with the stuffing instead of mashed potatoes you get even more flavor. Serving size is like the menu, not huge, but enough to make sure you're satisfied. Gluten free shrimp and sausage comes with a separate sauce and you can hold the sausage if that's not your thing. The donut holes for dessert were too good to pass up, but for $9 you better have someone without a gluten allergy to share them with. Those dense fried little nuggets pack a punch. The best part was the banana pudding underneath each one.
2	Food was a 4 star, service was a 1. Ordered a drink, waited, and waited, and waited...Then, heres the food. Told the waiter, he said, my bad, let me go get it. Then came back and asked what I had. He acted like he wrote it down the first time. Obivouly didn't! When I say waited, I mean like 20 minutes. Had the burger, it was good. Overall the group of 9 was not overly impressed. Some like the food, some did not, but we all agreed that the service was HORRIBLE. With some many great places, I will try something new before I head back!
5	I LOVED my dining experience at Beckett's Table. First, I was greeted with a wonderfully warm and professional hostess, who seated me and then promptly gave me an overview of what was featured on each of the three menus she handed me (huge plus in my opinion). Her knowledge about the restaurant and its offerings was unlike anything I have ever seen. We got into a conversation about wines, and I was so impressed by her ability to truly understand what she was talking about.Second, my server was amazing! He was a wordsmith when it came to talking to me about the menu. I asked him to explain several items that were on the menu to me and he was extremely knowledgeable about not only what was included in the dishes, but the process that the chefs went through with each component of the dish. It really helped me appreciate the chef and his vision for his menu. Third, THE FOOD!!!! It was amazing. I started with the baked feta appetizer, and it was a "bouquet" of flavor (how the server described it). Followed by steamed bass over seasonal vegetables with a pistachio crumble. Everything was perfectly cooked, fresh, and perfectly balanced. Everything was amazing. I would absolutely recommend this restaurant to anyone who asks.
4	This southern comfort dinery definitely deserves a place in "Happy Hour Heaven", as during Beckett's "social hour" running tues-sun from 5p-6:30p you can enjoy what may be called a world famous grilled cheese. Think cheesy crispy brioche bun with four layers of cheese oozing out the sides, and an incredibly crisp pancetta bacon for a delightful play on the senses. Served with a creamy roasted red pepper soup, its perfect for dipping and ends up tasting like a divinely inspired pizza or calzone with these two items combined. Enjoy it for only $6 during social hour, along with grits and sausage, or oven roasted brussel sprouts with a caramelized onion dressing and pancetta.Also on the happy hour and a half menu are $7 signature cocktails such as the New Orleans famed "Miss Katie's Pimm's Cup" or the "Grand Mimosa" with grand marnier and brut bubbles.Select Wines and drafts for $4 and $5.Sitting at the bar and ordering is perfect, food is delivered exceptionally fast - and hot and fresh to boot.
5	Make that two visits and two outstanding experiences at Beckett's.  The menu, the decor, and the service.  All spot on.I took a date here after work on Friday.  I knew this place was usually pretty busy so I made sure to grab a reservation on OpenTable just to be sure.  The restaurant is on the east end of a super busy shopping and dining complex on Indian School Road.  Tonight we had to park almost two blocks away the area was so busy.  The restaurant itself has a modern interior and feels very open and roomy without being cavernous. They have a decent sized patio out front as well, though we opted for inside tonight since its starting to get toasty outside.We skipped the appetizer menu this time, but I do highly recommend the grits and sausage appetizer.  The grits are super creamy and the sausage is locally sourced through Schreiner's in Phoenix and adds a nice kick.  Opens up your taste buds immediately.  The last time I was here I had the cast iron chicken dish with biscuit and bacon stuffing which was excellent.  Tonight I went for arguably their most signature dish.  Their short ribs.  Wow, talk about tender.  They slow cook it all day and serve it with a red wine reduction.  The meat practically melts in your mouth.  The waiter also highly recommended we try a side of their bacon cheddar biscuits.  You catch the bacon and cheese notes in the biscuits immediately, but the real star of this side is the apple butter they serve it with.  That butter would taste good on almost anything.  For dessert, I've had their famous chocolate bacon dipped s'mores before (a must try if you're a first timer), but tonight we decided to try their homemade fig and pecan pie.  Admittedly, I'm not a pecan pie fan, but this was nothing like any pecan pie you've seen or tasted.  You really taste the figs more than the pecans as the pecans are essentially grinded down into smaller pieces.  But what makes this dessert is the ice cream they serve it with.  Its a mix of cream cheese, vanilla and lemon zest that immediately catches you by surprise.  Complements the pie slice very well.Altogether, two glasses of wine, two short rib entrees, an order of bacon cheddar biscuits, the pie, plus the tip, set us back about $95.  The short rib dish is pretty much the most expensive entree on their menu which pushed the price higher.  Sooo worth it, but the rest of their entrees are cheaper.  One thing I have to especially compliment them on is the speed with which we were served with each course.  Even on a busy night like tonight, we never had to wait long for any of our food and our waiter was very attentive without being intrusive.If you want to try this place out for a little cheaper, Beckett's is a regular participant in Arizona Restaurant Week.  For $30/person you can have a three course meal here including a free glass of wine during the Restaurant Week promotion.  As I said it can get busy for dinner so I would recommend using OpenTable or just calling in a reservation just to be sure.Will absolutely be back here again at some point.  And I'm very much looking forward to trying Justin Beckett's newest restaurant concept on 3rd Ave and Camelback in Phoenix called Southern Rail when it opens in mid 2014.
5	This is one of my favorites in Phoenix area. Wonderful waitress, nice service, and the food were just... make you want more after your very last bite. I noticed they change the menu a little bit sometimes? I love this dynamic vigor in their kitchen.
3	Dinner was good not great. The atmosphere is very nice, Postino's meets Chelsea's Kitchen. The food was good but really small portions. If you're hungry for dinner you may want to have a late afternoon snack. If you order the short ribs, know that you are getting a short rib. That's singular (as in one). Sure we eat too much good as Americans, but the portions here are a bit too small IMHO.
3	Editing my 5 Star Review because of an incident that took place at Beckett's Table.I'm knocking this down considerably because of the way we were treated the other day. Let me tell you what happened -- it still blows me away. I'll leave the glowing review below so the owners can see what happens due to just ONE employee and the way that person behaves . . . I had a good experience at this place some time back, and I told my wife about it and she wanted to try it after work. She called the restaurant and asked about what time they would open for Happy Hour, and she wanted to go with me to see what the place is like. They told her on the phone that they open at 5 PM.We showed up exactly at 5PM and walked in to make our way to a bar seat. There were other people in the lobby getting seated for a full dinner. As we walked past the host, an Asian fellow, he actually turned from what he was doing and reached out to stop us from having a seat in the bar. In fact, and this is the alarming part, he actually grabbed my wife and stopped her from walking further. I looked back and wondered what the heck this guy was doing touching my wife -- how unusual! And then I saw the unfriendly look on his face. "We're not open yet." His response."But it's 5 PM, and we called. What did we do wrong?" He just asked us to go back to the door and wait. At this point, I was fuming. There's no reason to grab people and physically stop them from seating themselves in your bar. That's a bizarre way to do business.Personally, I don't know if we can ever visit them again. I tried to get ahold of them and reached someone, but he didn't seem to care a great deal. They were busy and the last thing that he had time for was to deal with a customer who had a problem. Sadly, I think we're out of the Beckett's Table business in our family,---My earlier 5 star review:My partner and I had a great meal in here at Happy Hour. We want to come back now for a full supper. This place knows that Happy Hour isn't the time to stick out some warmed up cheese quesadilla, but to show patrons your flavors and creativity. I loved the taste of my creamy grits with sausage, but we both said "Too small." I jealously looked over at my partner's plate and she had ordered the Mac and Cheese, and wow did it look great. She was raving. I enjoyed a fair price on my favorite beer (yeah, Kiltlifter!) and she had a very nice Sauvignon Blanc - and it made Happy Hour special. This is a merchant that knows how to treat people. That night, we were out "sampling" restaurants and we also went to Mejico down the street . . .ugh! That was the exact opposite of Beckett's Table. The owners there are trying to make Big Bucks on their Happy Hour (meaning we'll never be back) while Beckett's Table now gets not only my Happy Hour visits when I have the time, but anytime I need a special occasion restaurant, this is it as long as the food tastes as good off the regular menu as it did that night. We had a very friendly server and sat at the big community table. A lot of fun, great place!
4	My boyfriend and I have been working our way through Phoenix Magazine's best restaurant and Beckett's Table was the first restaurant we decided to try.  I opted for the chicken and dumplings and he chose the pork osso bucco confit.  My meal was ok after adding a lot of pepper, which I normally don't do, but my boyfriend's meal was foogasm-worthy. Seriously, if you don't get the pork, then someone in your group has to get it so you can try it.  I also got the red sangria, which was surprisingly strong considering how sweet-tasting it was.  The service was excellent and I will probably go back to try some of their other entrees.
4	I was here to celebrate my brother-in-law's birthday with his three kids, my sister and husband. A party of 7 at 7pm is not something I expected would be an easy task. We easily made a reservation in the evening of and had a less than packed place to enjoy a great meal with three little ones. The wait staff were wonderful. They knew to bring the kids food first and all of the entrees were excellent. I had the veggie plate )what an undersell of a name- amazing blend of roasted vegetables, rice patty with a great kick, a great sauce and a small salad. With a big group, we were able to taste a lot of things. Highlights include their spinach spaetzle, all things pork, and roasted vegetables. My sister couldn't stop licking the plate of their quinoa (white bass), my husband said his plate looked underwhelming but got better and better with each bite (osso buco) and my nephew inhaled his short ribs. All in all, the entrees were outstanding. Dessert was a blend. I was underwhelmed by their pecan pie and really turned off by their lemon ice cream. But the donut holes and coconut cake were a big hit. All in all a huge birthday success! I look forward to going back  And super impressed by their gluten free options!
3	It gets a lot of rave reviews and a lot of the opposite. Not much in between. That being said, I'm going in between. The food is average...completely average. I've had 4 different things and have thought all four were just that, average. Combine that with th e price and I'll probably never be back. Service was good...but I just don't think the food is. Very bland.
5	Great food combined with AMAZING service = 5 star review. We eat out a fair amount, and have NEVER received such amazing service, even from much, much more expensive restaurants. We both had the ribs which were amazing, along with the biscuits followed by the smores. Everything was top notch and served by by people who seemed to care that we came back. SUPERB!!!
3	Would probably give a 3.5, but since that isn't possible, we are giving a 3.The service was very good. We have no complaints about that.The food was decent. I guess we had high hopes going in, and we were a bit let down. Would probably return again to see if something else on the menu is better.
5	Pork oso buco!! Best item on menu So tender & juicy!!! Husband got the cheeseburger & fries.  It was insanely good!! We ordered a ton of aps for the group I loved the fried deviled eggs & chicken meatballsThe peach & cheese ap was delish but small White sangria was perfect- 2 glasses for 13 This place has delish & reasonable options & very cute setting Will be back for sure Server was top-notch too
5	Went back a few times On my way! and the food is great along with the service . Awsome  local feel .
3	One of those fancy hipster places that uses unique ingredients.  In my opinion all the flavors fell short.. either it was dry and flavorful or bland with the right texture.  The appetizers were good but I don't think I have the urge to come try this place again.
3	Nice place. I asked if I could have the rice on the side with my gumbo. Server said it came all mixed together. When the gumbo arrived there was a scoop of rice on top. I didn't say anything to the server - just removed it myself. Gumbo tasted a little burnt. Appetizer scallops were tasty and perfectly cooked. I would give it another try. Good atmosphere.
4	This was our second time at Beckett's Table. I still loved it as much as the first time. We all met for some pre-dinner drinks at the bar. It's crowded, so know that going in. Beckett's has very cool drinks and wines. I started with a house Pinot Noir and my boyfriend a simple IPA. Our friends ordered some of the various mixed drinks and I sampled a few; strong! Since I'm not much of a mixed drink girl, I'm happy with my Pinot and the wine selection here is awesome! We moved on to our table and ordered a few apps. We had the Mac cheese with pancetta: a melt in your mouth delight! We had the deep fried deviled eggs: different and I'm a fan! The biscuits and apple butter: if your gonna splurge, these biscuits are to die for! The grilled cheese with the small bowl of tomato soup for dipping: I thot the bread was too thick, but everyone else loved them. For dinner, the fork tender short ribs are huge and so, so tender. They are presented atop a mashed potato, baby brussel sprouts and carrots. I've had the Osso Bucco before and both of these meat dishes are a total treat. My friend who was visiting from Hawaii, had sangria and the butter salad. I tested it and it was light and very good. The sangria was also great, light and refreshing! To finish our meal, my boyfriend and I had the Coconut Cake. Yum. Decadence in one bite kind of yum. It is a moist cake with coconut sided with coconut pudding and dark chocolate swirled around. Need I say more? Our friends had the Smores: smores with peanut butter and chocolate dipped bacon. I think its a bit weird and not a fan, but they loved it. It's nice to "Come Together" as the pins say on the tables, and have a neuvo American food place be trendy with comfort food classics.
4	Excellent service friendly staff.  Lemonade sweetened with honey. Braised ribs excellent. Definite lean toward organic farm to table.
4	Went there on Tuesday for restaurant week and it was very good. I am gluten free and this fits the bill perfectly. I did not have to settle as I had options and everything was really good. They even offered wine or beer with the fixed price. Over all we were very happy and if ever in AZ again, would come and eat here.
5	Beckett's Table is top notch all around from the atmosphere to the staff to the ownership! This is a must eat at spot whenever I am in Phoenix. I don't think I can say enough about how much I adore this place, so I'll just wrap up by saying; It's great and you should go there!
5	i stop in for dinner one night and it was the best food ive  had in a long time ,,,,    great food ..
3	Great food! Good service. The hosts and hostess's are another story. They just aren't super friendly or welcoming. Its very odd and uncomfortable, and it makes for a very awkward start to what is supposed to be a nice experience. It won't stop us from coming back, but I'm hoping the owners do something to change this as I see I am not the only patron making that complaint. Otherwise, I'd be giving it 5 stars.
2	I've been here a couple of times and while some things are consistently great (the short ribs, the pork oso buco) other things are really not so great. I had the Chicken and Dumplings and it should actually just be called Dumplings. Not much chicken at all. My husband once got a special Cassoulet and had to send it back because it was all white beans and very little pork. Even the waitress agreed.We went with a large group and were over charged for a bottle of wine we did not drink so we had to ask for them to take that off. That same night I got home and realized I had also been overcharged for a drink at the bar (it was still Happy Hour...or Social Hour...or whatever they call it). Speaking of the Social Hour, it is really annoying that it is only at certain areas of the restaurant. We got there once during the Social Hour and ordered drinks at our table. We were then told Social Hour only applies if you order drinks at the bar or are sitting at a special table. This just seems silly to me. Everyone else is also right that the host guy is not friendly AT ALL. We have had friendly waitstaff pretty consistently though. After a couple of lackluster trips I don't think we will be returning, which is a bummer because this place is really close to our house and it could be so much better! Lots of potential...
5	I've been here three times and all three times have had a great experience on every dimension. Great value. Possibly my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix metro area.
1	Service is definitely slow. 35 minutes in and all we've had are apps. So far the apps are nothing special.
4	My wife and I came here for our anniversary and loved the food.  We started off with the deep fried deviled eggs which were incredible. My wife ordered the short ribs and I ordered the Pork Oso Buco.  This ended up killing the conversation and we were both enthralled in eating our food and savoring each bite.  The only knock I have was on the desert which left us underwhelmed.  We ordered the chocolate dipped bacon s'mores which, after the great meal we had, didn't quite have the same impact as the apps and entrees.  The wait staff seemed to be slightly occupied but for the most part we felt taken care of.It is definitely worth going to - but maybe try a different dessert.
4	Came here with friends and enjoyed the short ribs which were delicious.  The decor was classy.  Didn't seem like a big restaurant.  Nice, but unassuming.  Local crowd that enjoys a good meal and good company.  Not a Scottsdale vibe which can get old.  Will come back,
5	With stylized accents and gorgeous appeal, Beckett's Table is inviting and will make you want to stay for a long time. I had the bacon biscuits which are served with apple butter. This combo was super yummy, and I don't even like apples. For dinner I had the Green Chili Pork Stew, which was thick, hearty, and filling. The flavor reminds me of the Carne Adovada at Four Peaks, but has more of a smokiness and more veggies. I'll definitely be back, there's so much on their menu I want to try
2	Food was great, but based on the ambiance of an Outback Steakhouse was very overpriced.  This is not a great spot for a special occasion or any sort of romance.  Our server was unhelpful and didn't ever smile.  The restaurant was empty on a Thursday night.
4	It's July in Phoenix, so although we made reservations it didn't look like they were required.  There were 3 of us and  we all had different items.  For starters we had the deep fried deviled eggs and peppers. Both were good but we all preferred the peppers.  After reading the reviews one of us had the short ribs another the oso buco and another the flat iron steak (not a lot of reviews) with a side order of the bacon cheddar biscuits. Everyone  enjoyed their meal. Only one person had the chocolate dipped bacon s'mores for dessert, they really enjoyed the twist on an old favorite.   The food is what you expect for an upscale comfort food restaurant.  We all left full but not stuffed. With 2 drinks our bill was $120.00.
5	Love this place even if it can be very loud.  The service is wonderful and the food just a bit different to make it fun.
4	Went here Sat. night and got a seat right at the bar. Bartender was very pleasant and helpful. Ordered a refreshing drink called the Palmaire.. Very good!  Ordered a salad that tasted like it was just picked out of a garden. It had 2 types of lettuce, red & green, different kinds of carrots, corn, cranberries, seeds... very flavorful. Also ordered a side of Mac n Cheese which was very cheesy and creamy but not overpowering. After reading some of the reviews below, I'm definitely going back to try a few other items.
4	I went to Beckett's Table for my birthday dinner and I'm a huge deviled egg fan so when I saw those...deep fried...on their appetizer menu I knew I came to the right place. They were delicious!! Not only is the food divine but the atmosphere is welcoming and the service was great. They use fresh ingredients and have a rotating menu to serve what's in season. The only thing that wasn't as good as I had hoped was the dessert. It was still good but it did not live up to the tastiness of the appetizers and main dishes.
4	Went there to celebrate a birthday. The food was amazing. I had the osso bucco and my friend had mussels. Had a side of the bacon cheddar biscuits. I could eat them every day.The reason I gave it a 4 is because of the server. She seemed to be annoyed when we asked questions about different items on the menu. Plus the manager stopped by our table and we told her both of us were having a birthday this week.and she said we would be getting a complimentary dessert. The server came by and asked if we wanted dessert and we told her the manager said it was on the house. She snapped at us and said I knpw that. We shared the coconut cake.Amazing! We had ordered coffee with our dessert and asked for a refill after I paid the bill which was over $70 including the 20 percent tip.That seemed to really irritate her. She brought us the coffee, but no more cream. My friend said do you think they charge per cup and she is upset we asked for a refill after the bill was paid or she's unhappy with her tip? The manager was at the door when we left and we told her how fabulous the food was. My regret is not telling her about the server. The food rates 5 stars and I will definitely be back, but make sure I have a different server.
3	Came here for dinner one night with a friend. The service was fantastic. We were originally seated outside but when it started to rain we were quickly moved into a table indoors (they do have covered outdoor seating but there was a leak where we were sitting so we got wet)  and had all food moved indoors without an issue. I ordered their pasta special as they have a gluten free option which is very rare for most restaurants, and it was fantastic! My friend had the Scottish salmon and said it was delicious. Due to the rain incident we were even given a basket of zucchini chips to munch on and I am not a huge fan of them, these were pretty good. Not something I'd order but a thankful and welcome surprise.Just for how accommodating the staff was I will definitely be back
5	This is one of our favorites in the phoenix area. It's a hidden gem that is very popular! We recently had our rehearsal dinner in April on their patio. We had the most amazing service from the start of planning to the end of our rehearsal dinner . The. Owners are so wonderful . They always got back to us and they made having our rehearsal there so special and stress free. They had menus printed for our group, they  decorated with tons of candles and they had the most amazing staff helping out that night. All I our guests loved their food and have been raving about it since. We had gone there for dinner for years and we will continue to go back because the food is amazing!!! Thank you guys for always having a wonderful front of the house staff, servers, and such a talented kitchen staff. We love you guys!
5	Met my family here for my son's 31st birthday.  The decor is simple but cozy, and it didn't hurt that we had a thunderstorm during dinner.  My son said he wants his house to look like the interior of the restaurant.  Our waiter was extrememely attentive, and even though our water glasses were teeny tiny, they were never empty.  The bussers were equally watchful and dishes were cleared promptly, glasses refilled, and appropriate silverware was always provided before the food.  Four of the party of six are present or former service industry folks, so we all really appreciated the service in this age of often feeling as if the waitstaff are doing you a favor waiting on you.  We started with the mac and cheese, fried deviled eggs, and roasted squash.  I am watching the middle age spread, so I only had one bite of the mac and cheese, but it was perection.  Excellent balance of cheeses (there are 4) and the thick cavatappi pasta was cooked just right.  Everyone else raved about the eggs and their dipping sauce, and the squash was finished off by my gluten free son.  Two folks had the osso buco, and literally scraped their plates clean - I'm guessing it was good?  One had the short ribs, and that disappeared quickly.  Two of us had the chicken, which was served with a bacon biscuit stuffing that was amazingly crispy and warm and soft all at the same time.  The cheeseburger was so big and filling my husband could not finish more than about 2/3 of it.  We all shared the s'mores plate, coconut cake, and some GF deserts we had brought for my son (which the server was nice enough to keep hidden and serve with a candle at the appropriate time)  The s'mores plate has squares of marshmallows that are perfectly roasted, small squares of graham crackers, an artistic swirl of creamy peanut butter (I'm assuming everything was house made) and, wait for it, chocolate covered bacon!  I am dieting and have a weigh in tomorrow, but I just did not care - I can't wait to tell my counselor I had chocolate covered bacon just to see her face!!!  Can't wait for an excuse to go back (it's a bit far from my house).  Oh, and it was ridiculously inexpensive!  $358 (not including tip) for six entrees, three appetizers, and three deserts, a bottle of wine (plus three glasses), 7 coctails and a cup of java!
5	This place has great food, great service, and good ambience ;-)
5	My all time favorite restaurant in Phoenix!I have had almost everything on the menu and it's all amazing. My favorites are the cast iron chicken, ribs, mash potatoes, and for dessert Smores! The wine selection is great. The Farmhand is my favorite cocktail. Every time I eat here the food is great, service is awesome, and the atmosphere is perfect. I can't say enough good things about Beckett's Table.
5	Two words: Chef Jeff Jeff is a #younggenius. He is so personable with each of the guests and makes everyone feel so welcome.I loved the half off Arizona wine and apps we  had. Great service from very attentive servers. Rachel who has waited on me before came over and said "hi" - it was nice to be remembered. She's great. 5 stars all day, every day.
4	First time diner on Saturday 8/30/14 at 5pm.Was very pleased with the entire experience. The restaurant is warm and inviting. Our server, Rachel, was very knowledgeable and helpful in explaining many of the menu items to us. Our party ordered three appetizers, the Mac n cheese, the roasted shezito peppers, and the deep fried deviled eggs, all were spectacular. For diner two in our party each had the house cheese burger which they stated was "to die for". I had the Red Rock Cod, which was delicious but wished it had arrived at the table a bit warmer. I will go back in a heartbeat! I'm glad they accept reservations as the place filled up pretty quick! Glad to see they are doing well. Oh and when you go be sure to look for the adorable Duran, he was our water server, you can't miss him, he's the one with the beautiful smile!
5	My spouse and I were in town on vacation and went to Southern Rail (sister restaurant) for lunch and to Beckett's Table for dinner.  Of all the great meals we had while in town for the week, Beckett's Table really stood out as the best value for the money. I had the flatiron steak with duckfat potatoes; SO had the ribs.  Everything was well-presented, flavorful, and top-quality.  Our server, Jared, went out of his way to attend to us - he knew details about the food, was extremely attentive and represented the restaurant well.  When the bill came, I was shocked at how reasonable the bill was - we've paid considerably more for food that wasn't quite to this standard.  I wish we lived here in town to take advantage of this place more often - I can tell you it's on our short list of must-dos when we come back again.
5	Can't wait to eat @ this yummy local spot during restaraunt  week!:)
5	Beckett's is fantastic! The vegetable chop salad is a nice blend of fresh local produce that hits the spot every time.  My wife ordered the traditional french onion soup and it was fantastic, even for someone who doesn't particularly care for onions.  The Pork Ossobuco is my favorite and it did not disappoint.  There are few things in life more decadent and tasty than the chocolate dipped bacon s'mores.  I would highly recommend if you are looking for first rate dining for a great price and good service! BTW--Beckett's is a great place to go if gluten is a problem with numerous gluten free options.
4	Wonderful food and service. Menu at first glance doesn't excite me; however, after listening to our waiter explain how they do things created a lot more interest, and the food was delicious. Home cooking done at an exceptional level. Only complaint is the bar stools, and how tight the area is while bumping elbows with guest next to me. Stools were very uncomfortable.  We will bring guests here for a nice evening out.
4	We came all the way from Richmond VA to find excellent "Southern Cuisine". This place has it all. Ambiance and great food. We both were surprised that this restaurant was packed on a Tuesday. A true testament that this restaurant has great food. If you live in or our visiting Phoenix, this is a don't miss.
2	yes, i am that ONE person who wasn't impressed among the throngs of 5-star reviews. Restaurant week! We noticed several non-meater options on the menu and decided to give this place a whirl, considering it is essentially a famous Phx restaurant. We made reservations and were seated within 5 minutes of arriving. But we were seated all the way in the back, with 2 other tables. Thing is, my wife wound up staring at the wall behind my head because our 2 top was situated so that only 1 of us could observe the dining area. And the noise! good lawd. the ceiling was lower where we were sitting and the acoustics were absolutely horrid. we spent the first 10 minutes yelling at each other so we could hear, and then decided to eat as quickly as possible and in silence since we couldn't hear each other anyway. i was getting a headache from the noise and agitated at this place.Service was fine...non-memorable. He didn't engage us at all...probably because it was so freaking loud. I ordered the mushroom and endive salad which was delicious. The main course, Sea Bass, was fine. The fish itself was nothing spectacular...the garnish was more of the flavor experience. Dessert was fine....melted ice cream and it's darn hard to eat melting ice cream with a fork.even restaurant week prices steep for the below average experience.
5	Amazing! The food was amazing the service was very knowledgeable and timely, and the wine list exceptional!
5	This is hands down my husband's favorite restaurant and in my top five. We've been here five times and each time is amazing. We have never had a bad dish. My favorite is the pork osso buco. I am not a fan of pork or really any meat on the bone, but this dish is AMAZING. Ever since I discovered it I haven't been able to order anything else because I love it so much. Between my husband and I, we've had the short ribs, cast iron chicken, chicken and dumplings and pork chop. Our favorites are the pork osso buco and the cast iron chicken, but we haven't had a bad dish yet.The atmosphere is very low key classy. Its the kind of place where you can dress up or be casual and not feel out of place. It's fancy food, but it fills you up and when you get the dish you actually know how to eat it. For the quality of the food, it is actually a really decent price too. The service is always great as well.Like I said this is our favorite restaurant, so much so that this is where we went the night that we got engaged. We didn't want to make a big deal about it, but the waiter made everything feel special and intimate, without making a spectacle out of it. I wish I would remember his name but was obviously distracted. Now it is our special restaurant that we go to for all of our special occasions. Its relaxing, intimate, cozy and a little fancy all at this same time.
3	Received an invite from a group of my friends to join them at Beckett's Table for Restaurant Week 2014. I was excited to experience this restaurant of which I had heard so much about. My friend who made the reservation communicated quite a list of "regulations" back to us that were given to her over the phone. "No credit cards, one tab, you have to sit outside," etc. We laughed off the Nazi-like first impression, but all got cash out to respect their wishes. I arrived a little later than the rest of my party (10 total) and as I greeted my friends, was abruptly confronted by the waitress, "It's time to order. Take your seat." She then only handed me the restaurant week specials instead of a full menu. Although I had planned to order something else, I felt pressured to participate in the special to make things a little easier on the waitress who was showing obvious signs of irritation.While our lovely waitress was taking our order, we had one last friend show up for dinner. As someone stood up to allow her to sit next to a friend she knows, the waitress yelled over the top of our table, "No switching seats!" Startled and a little appalled, I couldn't help but laugh in disbelief. The waitress then made a big scene counting out loud, rolling her eyes and huffing loudly. We stated she could just bring the food in whatever order it was originally listed and we would pass it to the correct person. With a forced smile and over enthusiastic tone, she proclaimed it was no problem and she would make it work. Our last friend was ordering off the full menu to accommodate her vegetarian diet. When asking our waitress for a recommendation between a few dishes, the waitress rolled her eyes and began naming off the printed ingredients loudly then saying, "if you like all that, then you'll like this."With our group being sensitive to our size, we tried to be as accommodating and gracious as possible to eliminate any additional stress. When it came time to pay the tab, we were prepared to pay with cash but the waitress stated it would be easier to split up the bill since most everyone ordered off the set menu. After turning in our cards, it took her and the management team over 15 minutes to bring our cards back, stating the system was slow. I wouldn't dock stars for this normally because things like that do happen, but after being treated like inmates rather than patrons of a "fine establishment," I am just done with this.Service is a big factor for me, but I left three stars because if I remember, the food was pretty good. Sadly, the only taste left in my mouth is bitter from the way were treated.While I have no current desire to revisit this restaurant, I would like to try it one more time to see if maybe the food tastes better without a grumpy hag for a waitress.
5	Amazing. Went with a group of 10. Service was excellent. We got to try all kinds of different Apps, food and deserts. Everything was delicious. We had a great time.
4	I wanted to like this restaurant a lot more than I did. We sat outside on the side patio and the music was too loud and the traffic was too loud also. We ordered the Burrata to start and it was really delicious. I got the short ribs and my partner got the osso bucco and I liked his much better. Both dishes were somewhat heavy. I was wishing for more light, fresh, more farm to table fair.
5	When you pull up to Beckett's table, you truly don't realize the amazing experience you are about to have. From the decor to the service to the food, everything is excellent. I had the deviled eggs of the day and the pork osso bucco with a glass of ice cold white wine and I could not have been happier. The osso bucco was totally wonderful. This place is definitely a must try!!
5	This place just does it all, very well. I like to call it a Foodies' Paradise without being too fussy. It is my go to place when we want to meet friends for dinner. The atmosphere is very engaging and the service is warm and friendly. This visit we had a new server named Dave who was outstanding.  Can't wait to go back.
5	I love this place. Always great food, drinks and service. Not to mention atmosphere style of this restaurant. Well done.
5	What a great place! The Osso Bucco was incredible - very tender, no knife needed. The spaetzle was a perfect pairing for it as well (as a side note, Four Peaks Peach Ale paired well with this). My husband and his colleague had the nightly special - a flatiron ribeye that was perfectly medium, served with a remarkable ratatouille. We foolishly neglected to get dessert... our mistake. We'll definitely be back to Beckett's.The service was friendly, the place was unpretentious and welcoming... like being at a friend's house. Hip environment and just what the neighborhood needed. I had a hard time deciding between several entrees. The food is heavy - well seasoned, well prepared and masterfully presented.
3	I used to love this place, but I'm not sure what's happened to their menu. I was disappointed to find that they removed my beloved chili pork stew from the menu altogether. I WAS LOOKING FORWARD TO THAT DISH WTF?!? Anyway, after I had a few moments to quietly rage in my head and settle for some of the other selections, I was hoping that maybe the sugar pumpkin side dish I ordered would make me forget all about the pork if been lusting after...Sadly, the pumpkin dish was bland and more sour than 'sugary'... And the kale salad lacked flavor. It looked like they threw 6 leaves of kale on the plate with a drizzle of pomegranate seeds and some vinegar. BRING THE chili PORK stew BACK OR IM NEVER RETURNING.
4	Got here by accident when two other restaurants had over an hour waiting list and let me tell you it was the best thing that could have happened!!  If guy go, ask for David, a 30 year veteran in the restaurant biz who bears none of the wear and tear.   Make sure you don't miss the biscuits, mac n cheese, and deviled eggs!!  All to die for.  I gorged on the appetizers and my friend had the pork osso boco and loved it.  For dessert try the fig pecan pie, just a slice of heaven.  Beautiful place with great ambiance!!
1	After all the positive reviews I've read of this place, I was looking forward to a great meal. What a disappointment. The menu was rather spartan and odd...mac an cheese as an appetizer? Huh? I chose French Onion Soup and the Shepard's Pie for an entree. Bad move.Done correctly, French Onion Soup can be an exceptionally good, and simple dish to prepare. Beckett's was simply awful. Oddly, there were very few onions in the bowl and the soup itself was incredibly, obnoxiously sweet. Their "twist" on the classic crouton-melted cheese was lame and clumsy. And when presented, it has one of the very few onions hanging over the side of the bowl. A poorly prepared dish, thoughtlessly served.The Shepard's Pie was worse. Way, way overdone, the dish arrived black, dry, devoid of any vegetables, topped with mashed potatoes. I ate half of it and pushed it aside, as did the diner across from me who had sadly selected the same entree.I won't go back.Oh, how I miss "The Local".
3	Ok, I'm starting a new category called Hipster Hype. That's when a restaurant throws in a communal table, brings back old school classics like deviled eggs as an appetizer, and/or covers bacon in chocolate on their dessert menu. Beckett's Table does all three, so people are obviously going to lose their shit over it. Let me break it down for you. Beckett's is fine. The meal will be pleasing, but it's overpriced for the execution:The wait time for one drink will make it really hard to get a buzz on. If money is going to be spent on dinner, then that money wants to get drunk. Okay, not drunk, lightly buzzed ... still be able to drive. (Bad Teacher anyone? Cameron Diaz? Nope? Just me?)The Osso Buco is an Osso-bummer. No marrow in the bone, just a hollowed out disappointment. The Prime Flat Iron steak is served with literally 3 leaves from a Brussels Sprout and about just as many small potato halves. You really need to love meat to get this, because it's all you're getting. Also, don't expect it to be medium rare. Two people ordered it this way at my table and neither one got it medium rare.That's about as A-Ok as you can get, right? Hipster Hype, you can't fool me with your charming farmhouse inspired interior. Even my beloved Deviled Eggs were over-hyped. The only thing I felt was deserving of 5 stars was the service. The waiter was fantastic. Spot on.You know, it may be complicated to give me a real life orgasm, but it ain't that hard to give me a food-gasm. Now that's just a fact.
1	My wife and I have been to Beckett's Table on two separate occasions and both have been extremely underwhelming.1st Visit:  It was our weekly date night, Friday, and I schedule a reservation for 2 at 7PM.  We arrived approximately 5 minutes before 7 and were told that a table would be ready shortly and that we could order a drink from the bar while we waited.  We decided to wait to grab a drink until we were sat because it would only be a few minutes; boy were we wrong.We waited outside for a few minutes before my wife got cold, in which case, we headed back inside to wait in the VERY cramped waiting area.  At about 10 past 7, my wife asked the hostess how much longer to expect for our table and she was instructed that they were just waiting for a table to open.  While we continued to wait, we saw several groups of individuals arrive and seated by the hostess before us.  As the clock continued to run, we grew increasingly impatient.  At 7:30, we began to get frustrated, but we decided to wait because of the glowing reviews we had received from friends.  As it approached 8PM, we were ready to head out the door, when the hostess, finally, told us our table was ready.We were sat at a 2 person table near the kitchen.  On this visit, I ordered the short ribs and my wife ordered the cast iron chicken, which were both good, however, our experience at the front of the house really soured our experience.  When I schedule a reservation, I understand that a restaurant will, likely, not be able to accommodate my party at the exact time specified, but it should be within a reasonable time frame.  At no point should an hour be a reasonable wait time for someone with a reservation.  The other frustrating part was that it seemed that they were waiting for a 2 person table to open up before seating us.  All the groups that we saw sat before us were 4+, which made the wait much more frustrating.  After this visit, we told ourselves that we would not return and that if we wanted Modern American-style cuisine, we would rather visit Chelsea's Kitchen or Rusconi's because their food quality is comparable and their service is significantly better.2nd Visit:  We vowed to never return, unfortunately, we broke that vow and regret it.Our friend had heard good things from other friends and decided she wanted to eat here for her birthday dinner.  We had a party for 10 and a reservation for 6PM on a Tuesday.  My wife and I were one of the firsts to arrive, 10-15 minutes early, and we were immediately taken to our table, which was the long bench on the East wall, with tables pushed together.  My wife and I ordered cocktails from our waitress and both came within a reasonable amount of time.  As more members of our party arrived, we all stood up to greet each person with handshakes or hugs and to say our hellos.  Well, that eastern-most table just happened to be next to the server station in the northeast corner of the restaurant.Apparently, servers get very upset if you obstruct the most convenient pathway for them; not the only pathway, but the most convenient.  We had multiple servers get angry at us for blocking the walkway from the server station to the south part of the restaurant.  Don't forget that the servers could have easily walked west to the next walkway and head south.  This happened nearly every time we stood up to say hello or goodbye to someone.  Don't worry, that was not our only complaint this time.We went ahead and ordered.  My wife and I both ordered the cheeseburger, both without the bun; she ordered medium and I medium rare.  I, however, ordered mine with a side salad, instead of the chips it normally comes with.  When the food came out, mine had no bun, but it had chips instead of the salad.  When I mentioned the lack of a salad, she brought one out, but forgot to bring the dressing.  My wife's came out with chips, but still had the bun, however, there were no toppings on the burger; no mustard, no pickles.  When she mentioned it, the waitress grabbed a couple of ramekins with the toppings.  Without a bun, I cut my burger with my fork only to find the burger to be brown throughout. My wife's burger was exactly what I would expect, slightly pink inside.  Finally, I bit into my burger only to find that it was overcooked and burnt on the outside.  At this point, I was over it.Burgers are so simple to grill properly, yet, they seemed to find a way to mess it up.  It really did not help that the waitress seemed to have a snarky attitude every time we pointed something out or asked her for something.  We figured this visit might be different because the food and our waitress were good the first visit, but this time, was the opposite.  We have concluded that in order for this place to be considered good, every aspect of the restaurant has to be on their game and at this point, we haven't seen them able to put it all together.We will continue to avoid this place, if at all possible.
2	I've had better. The bread brought out to you before your meal was hard. I was embarrased to bite into it in front of the people I was with. Crumbs would fly everywhere. Food took 1 hour to come. I can't even remember what my food tasted like. Not much of an impression. I had the shrimp plate. Desert was nothing to remember. Chocolate covered bacon was gross. Their smores plate was not good either. The graham crackers seemed stale. I can only say I've had better.
1	I would consider any review above one star for Beckett's Table to be suspect.We had reservations for 6 on a week night. Of course the table was late, the drinks were slow to arrive and the waiter was really an all-time low. Oddly enough, we are not a hard group to please, but this place is so ridiculously bad, it angered me enough to write.The food.....terrible. Overpriced and below average with a hefty dose of hipster attitude to try to hide its inadequacy. The waiter explained the charcuterie plate as "cheese, some special sauce, and of course nuts". He couldn't suggest an entree and barely understood the difference between red and white wine.So for $95 a couple we got.....taken advantage of badly. Never again.
3	It was my friends birthday. We have heard about Beckett's table and we were excited to go. There are so many great restaurants in Phoenix, we heard this was good. They have a limited specific menu. That is fine by us. But what is unacceptable is to be out of one item on this limited menu. We ordered it and were told they were out. When the manager approached we let her know we were disappointed and all we received was an invitation to next time preorder the item when we make our next reservation. There will not be another reservation from us or those we take to dinner. AGAIN there are too many great restaurants in Phoenix that not only have exceptional food but service as well. The manager said they run out of this item normally and it is made from scratch. If this is a constant issue? fix it. You may say food cost etc as the excuse but seriously I am sure this item does not cost that much. Yes it was good food. Yes our server was good. Will I make a reservation and give the secret code to hold an item, no. Will I be back maybe. For now We will move on and not look back.
