5	You can see how awesome this place is going to be. However the owners need to make sure they maintain the place. After going Friday night then returning Saturday morning the parking lot was already trashed. Though there were a ton of people there.. it was a fucking zoo!
4	Went straight from work to check out Mekong Plaza last night after chatting with coworker "JJ" about the good deals she found there.  She was able to find her fave brand of rice, grapes, garlic, and other items.  She was lamenting that she only had twenty minutes to look around; she therefore allowed herself to buy those items she knew cost less here than at Lee Lee.  After she'd listed off what she had paid $53 for, I told her she should count her blessings that she only had those few minutes to shop!  I asked her if she preferred it over Lee Lee, and while she liked the newness of the place and the lower costs of some items, she didn't like how items in the produce section were plastic-wrapped; she liked being able to hand-pick her veggies and fruits.  Another coworker had mentioned the plaza's opening to me days prior and had piqued my interest the moment she uttered the words, "there are five restaurants..."  I was getting hungry while JJ and I chatted, so there was no question where I was heading to after clocking out.As I pulled into the almost empty parking lot at around 8:20p, I noticed that the entrance doors were flagged by two restaurants- one called MyLynn Cafe that was still open for business, and the other looked like a coffee shop that was already closed for the day.  I grabbed a menu from MyLynn (beverages that included fountain, coffee, and smoothies, $5 or less, and a page of chef's specials of about 8 or so items, soups mostly, $5-10) intending to stop here after my pit stop at the grocery.This building is HUGE!  I saw white everywhere I looked- floors, statues, and walls.  Most lots (indoor shops) were still unoccupied, and I was beginning to think I may never find the grocery store as all I could see where closed shops (dentistry, jewelry store, a movie rental shop, etc) and more restaurants.  When coworkers mentioned there were a few eateries in place, I expected to encounter a layout similar to that of Whole Food's (Ray/101), so this building really threw me for a loop- walking around MP actually felt like I was perusing through one of the mini-malls back home (Philippines).  Thinking it over just now, I also remember malls in NJ that had similar layouts.  But I digress... I spotted two "opening soon" food-court type sections for Korean and Japanese food before turning the corner and finding two more Vietnamese restaurants (Vietnamese Restaurant and Un-pho-gettable).  These venues stood right across from the grocery store.  Finally, I reached my destination!  Before investigating the grocery, I entered Un-pho-gettable and skimmed through their extensive menu and saw the entree prices ranged from around $8 to $20 or more.  I asked a person who seemed like the manager what time they closed.  He replied usually 8p, but if it's busy then they would close at 8:30p.  I told him that if they were still open, I would return shortly.A quick glance around MP revealed large seafood, meats, and refrigerated sections (not counting those refrigerated aisles that wrapped around the back of the store).  Indeed, these three departments occupied a third of the grocery.  Don't quote me on this, but I think that the produce department was also a part of that section, but I wasn't looking for fruits or veggies that night.  I was on the hunt for the Filipino aisle, specifically for brands of peanut butter other than Lily's, which is the only brand to be found at Lee Lee.  Unfortunately, I only found the one brand, which is $0.20 less here.  I did, however, find PRESERVATIVE-FREE jackfruit and macapuno ("coconut sport") strings (two delicious components of a nectarous icy snack/beverage called halo-halo).  To keep this review from tiring the both of us, I will wrap it up by saying that I will definitely be back to have another longer look around the aisles, which did not seem as country-specific as Lee Lee's.  It does reverberate highly with me already bec. I found those last two items.  What else would I find??  I'm brimming with anticipation!  BTW, since the pho place was already closed by 8:40p,  I decided to try the one next door, which had a Vietnamese title and ended with "Vietnamese Restaurant.  Review will be posted shortly.
5	Several friend told me about how great this place is...so...I had to find out.This place is great. great lay out. As far as I am concern this is the best Oriental center in the state. Much better than Chinese culture center or Lee Lee market. Wife spend hours at the super market. For less than a hundred dollars our van was have full. Freshest vegetable at cheapest price. I don't want to spoil the plot telling you too much. You must see to believe.
4	This is one market that rivals even Lee Lees.  Much like it, but cleaner and brighter.Would you like to try some Durian?  They have it, both fresh and frozen.  Go ahead, take a whiff.  I know you want to.A little cramped, but well worth the adventure.
4	A new Asian community. I think this is Lee-Lee's competition... pretty much yeah. The plaza setup is really neat. It's like a mini-mall. The aisles do seem a little small especially when there are other people, but it's way neat to explore. I like the little stores outside of the main grocery stores... I always check out the Asian mobile store. I'm a big fan of NOKIAs so I ways need to check out what kind of selection their store has. I was not disappointed! Check this place out, it's pretty neat. Never been to any place like it.
4	It's basically an Asian themed mini mall anchored by a 40,000 square foot supermarket. A friend and I swung by this Sunday and did a walkabout. When I say mini mall, it's part strip mall, part regular mall, with outside facing shops but also an internal strolling area. In any case, it's just now populating with tenants. There looks to be a future-planned indoor food court promising a mix of Indian and SE Asian fare. There are also several sit down restaurants already in full swing... offering Taiwanese, general Vietnamese fare and a Pho-specific dishes. The market is great. They too had a food court - though more like an Asian (3 item + rice or noodle) buffet. Overall the market is somewhat similar to Lee Lees and the 99 Ranch in the Chinese Cultural Center, though it seemed their produce, seafood and butcher areas are more abundantly stocked. The prices are nice as well - a batch of shitake mushrooms, for example, is $1.50ish which might cost 4 times that in a fancy gourmet grocer. Regardless, if you are a fan of eating or cooking Asian fare, it's definitely a must visit. I should say S.E. Asian as it seems more Vietnamese/Chinese focused while Asia is a huge continent. In any case, it's a welcomed addition to the growing mix of of ethnic places in the metro area.
3	The appearance looks good.... however, people need to watch out when they go to this place.1. The meat from the supermarket is not that fresh. We bought some meat and looks like we got food poison after consuming it.2. The viet rice restaurant is good but the place is getting dirtier and dirtier. We visited there 3 times already and the place just get dirter each time we went.3. The pho place is not as good as what our friends told us. We are very disappointed about the quality of its food.Overall speaking, it is still a new place but we will not eat there and we will only shop for its Asian veggie, Asian brand package dumpling and stuff in its supermarket. We will not buy any more meat from the supermarket. NoNoNo
4	I haven't tried any of the restaurants in Mekong Plaza (with the exception of some yummy bubble tea at the Taiwanese place), but the market is great! At least for now, it is way cleaner than the Asian market at the Chinese Cultural Center in Phoenix. It's got a larger selection of meat and a range of whole fish, which can be really hard to find around here. Their produce is fresher than other Asian markets in the valley and the price is right. I only wish they had a hot counter for snacking!
3	I actually stumbled across this place by accident.  For some reason, I've never really been a big fan of Mesa and I'm not exactly sure why.  I had even dated a dude who lived in Tempe and whenever we went out, I'd always choose Scottsdale/Phoenix/Chandler over Mesa.  Weird.Anyway, it just so happened that my aunt and uncle were down here visiting and for whatever reason, they needed to go to some place in Mesa - so my mother and I tagged along.We were looking for a place to eat when we drove by the Mekong Plaza.  Curious, we pulled a U-ey and checked it out.  One end of the plaza was virtually deserted, but once you rounded the corner, we found the main entrance and some little restaurants.  We ended up deciding on Chinese food for the afternoon - oops!  I mean, "Taiwanese" food.  I dunno how I could've gotten those two confused.  Heh.  Anyway, I'll review that place later...After lunch, we decided to look around while we were there...A lot of the retail space was vacant, but they did have miscellaneous lessees, such as: a barber, cell phone shop, various small restaurants, a gift shop, a nail supply store, a dentist, and of course, the supermarket.The gift shop was small and quaint.  They had some cute little trinkets.  They were super expensive, though.  They had this Hello Kitty case that was identical to one that I bought from Target.  I paid about $4.00 for mine, but they were selling it for $17.00.  They were also selling faux Coach bags.  I still don't fully understand how that appreciates Chinese culture - maybe there is pride in manufacturing pieces of *bleep* that look like the real thing from a distance, but are so poorly constructed that your hands actually feel dirty after touching them.  Not only that, but they were selling them for $70!  That's way too much for fake (unless we're talking about my blonde highlights)!I wasn't too keen on a dentist's office being in what is basically a strip mall.  "Honey, I'm going to the Mekong for some Orange Chicken and oral surgery!"Now, onto the market!When you first approach the market, it's kinda impressive.  They have some items on display outside of the store, so it's kinda like you're walking through an indoor street fair to get to the market.  There are two very distinct things you notice when you first arrive and stand in the entrance:1)  The store carries so many products!  You could probably find just about any South East Asian food item you were looking for, plus some traditionally Western items like Heinz Ketchup and Campbell's Soup.  2)  The STENCH!From the entry, there was a foul odor of rotting flesh and fish hanging in the air.  Now, don't go stating the obvious "Well, it IS an Asian market, moron!"  I know that.  However, there is no excuse for that type of "aroma" polluting the air.  The fish/butcher counters are not close enough to the front door to warrant such a concentrated pungency.  As a result, I'm left to question either the cleanliness of the market or the freshness of their meats, and if I have to do that, I will err on the side of caution, therefore, their meat/fish departments will not receive my business.Other than that, the store wasn't bad.  They had a nice produce section that had a reasonable variety of veggies and herbs.  The items that they placed on sale had kickass prices (i.e. Chinese eggplant $.69/lb., patis $.89/bottle, coconut milk $.69/can, etc.).  Aside from the items on sale, I think their prices are mediocre, if not on the higher side.As I was checking out after buying a few cans of coconut milk, a bottle of patis, and some canned sardines, I asked the cashier how long they had been open, since I saw "Grand Opening" signs hanging from the ceiling.  She didn't speak English, at least, not English I could understand, so the previous customer was kind enough to stay and translate for us.  Apparently, the store had been open for six months, which still makes it relatively new, I guess.  Too new, IMO, for that foulness to be permeating the air.It was nice to visit the Mekong Market, but it's not any place I'd go out of my way for.  If you're closer to a Lee Lee or one of the other ethnic markets in the valley, they would suffice just as well.  If you feel the MM beckoning to you, though, make sure to take advantage of their bargain sale prices, and use your own good judgement when venturing to the land of meat and fish.While I think the store in and of itself rates 4-stars, I'm assessing three because there is no excuse for the poor air quality.  At the very least, they could invest in some better ventilation or fans (or gas masks)!
5	This place rocks. They have everything you could possibly need for preparing any sort of Asian meal. Great prices, helpful staff, and damn sexy women all over the place. My kind of supermarket.
4	If you haven't checked this place out- I highly recommend it.  It's a former Target which has been converted, and is very clean and bright as others have already mentioned.  Aside from grocery shopping, you can have your nails and teeth done, get your hair styled, buy the finest jewelry from your Asian friends in the diamond business, explore Asian art and crafts, and still have time to enjoy some hot steamy buns (I'm talking about dim sum) all before noon!  There are many restaurant options to choose from which might provide inspiration for your grocery shopping list.  My only complaint is they are primarily Vietnamese (at least 4) cafes to choose from, and one Chinese place.  No Thai, no Korean. I've eaten at 3 of the restaurants- MyLynn cafe, Taiwan Express, and a place to the right of the main entrance which specializes in broken rice, has a crazy name i can't remember, and has seemingly 300 menu items to choose from (!).  MyLynn is my favorite- they have a happy hour, Karaoke, great hot-pot and table barbeque, and crawfish during the weekends flown in from Louisiana.  Selfishly I would like to keep this place a secret so I could keep the crawfish and $2 beer to myself, but they deserve more business and it would be great if more Yelpers would patronize them.  So there, the secret is out.  "You try, you like, you buy" (as my Chinese grandmother would say).  I would even take a date here and serenade her with a sappy Vietnamese love song (only available after 8pm)...now if I could only find a date the perfect evening would blossom like a beautiful lotus flower.
2	Author's Note: The following review was written by an actual-in-the-flesh Asian...It's pretty and polished and full of good intentions, but the grocery and sundries selection at Lee Lee's is way better. And of the main Vietnamese restaurants, only the one on the left side of the main entrance shows promise. At least the bathrooms are acceptable, which is more than what can be said for Lee Lee's or the Chinese Cultural Center. Hopefully Mekong Plaza will improve as more stalls open up in the food court hidden off on the North wing. Until then, stick with Lee Lee's.
4	I didn't know that this place existed until today when I accidentally missed the entrance to Asiana Market and drove on.  If I knew earlier, I would have totally ditched Lee Lee long time ago.  This place is clean, new, and has fresh products. Oh and the fish are not just FRESH but they have VARIETY.  They actually filet/fry fish for you at the station like they do in the Cali markets.  *Store = Clean, NEW*Groceries = FRESH, VARIETY of fish*Service = GOOD*Location = ~2min from Asiana Market and ~10min from Lee Lee.
4	It's so clean! I finally made it to Mekong Supermarket. I am a loyal Lee Lee fan, but I really liked this place. We received a sample of curry as we walked in. It was good! I ended up buying some. It is so much cleaner then Lee Lee and the smell is not quite as strong. The staff is very easy to find and more then happy to help with any questions you may have. The produce department is arranged beautifully. There is a $0.99 bin where you can get some pretty awesome deals. The meat and seafood department was very well kept and had a wonderful variety to choose from. They had live crayfish. I haven't seen that in a while... My only grievance is that there is not any where near the selection that Lee Lee has. The sake choices are very minimal. :( All in all I will be back.
2	Can I call it home yet?Not quite but I think this plaza holds a lot of promise. There are several restaurants, Thai and Vietnamese and of course a boba, a yogurt shop and a nail supply store. This is about as authentic as it gets. Kudos to the people who named their Pho restaurant unPHOgettable. That's quite clever. *Please note sarcasm. I went here today for the Tet Festival which was a huge failure but that's aside the point. Driving up, there were lots of signs of COMING SOON for dim sum and more Vietnamese food. I did walk by the grocery store and thought about going in until a huge whiff of stink warded me off. Smelled like sewage backup. I hope Mekong a lot of success but for now I think it still has a lot of work before it can make it's way up to a 4 or 5 star plaza.
4	Yo- any Asian grocery store I can go to where I can actually get around on a Saturday afternoon without being pushed over or banged on the back of my legs with a cart is A-OKAY by me.Not to mention, they have a 10% off your total bill promotion. NICE, right? The prices are very similar to Lee Lee's, and I loved how there were filipino items in the meat section that was not frozen. For example, fresh longanisa?! Since they've closed the filipino owned and operated grocery store it's been really hard finding unfrozen longanisa and tocino. But TADAAA thanks Mekong Plaza :-)I think this place has great potential- it's beautiful, it's clean and I also give them a thumbs up for allowing community based organizations to host health fairs in their space.:-)
3	I love several stores within MeKong Plaza (the supermarket and unPhogettable), but I think that the Plaza itself could improve a little bit. My first beef is that their air conditioning is WAY too cold. I realize that this is sometimes seen as a plus in Arizona...but, I always bring a sweater with me when I come. The second issue is the powerful smell of fish that hits you when you first walk into the Plaza. Again, I realize that fish is sold in the supermarket and it is inevitably going to smell like fish. For some reason I don't smell the fish in the market, but I DO smell it in the hallway right when I walk into the Plaza. Weird. Finally, they haven't yet filled all their spaces, which makes parts of the inside weird and vacant-looking. I think that when they do, the plaza will be much better. Again, I love going here-- just a few little things to note that will likely change in the near future.
4	I love this place! I see some really bad reports about it but I cant help myself. Despite it being crouded fairly smelly, its all part of the experience.I used to go to the Chinese pavillion off the 202 and 40th to shop for unusual things to the usual American table. The quality of the meats are ok as far as the beef goes but I have never seen a tank full of live spot prauns or, like the last time I was there, ever seen a tank full of stergon! There are a lot of flaws here but a lot of fun for the person who wants to cook up something new! You do have to pay close attention to the packaged fish and the ones on display! Had some bad! You just have to be careful and pay close attention.
5	I've been in PHX for almost 2 years, and if there is ONE thing I miss (from Bay Area) it is a strong Asian community with the associated food, stores, etc. I was directed to the 'Chinese Cultural Center' at first - pathetic.  Later, I found China King (great Dim Sum place in Chandler) and Lee Lee Market just up the road from it (truly international selection, with emphasis on Asian). But recently I found the Mekong Plaza and it is fantastic!  The Mekong Palace restaurant has a great variety of Dim Sum, and lots of fresh seafood. There's a Filipino place (Wholly Grill), several Vietnamese places, a few Thai places, and a FABULOUS huge Asian grocery store selling masses of fresh looking fish/seafood (and meat) at great prices. It's also close to 101 (Dobson/Broadway). The area leaves a lot to be desired (dead and dying furniture stores, vacant lots, etc) but he Mekong Plaza is brand new and bustling with energy.  Not a place to take a first date, though :) Yes, the Mekong Palace restaurant is situated in the food court, but it is walled off; I'm hoping they do something to give it a cosier, more typical 'restaurant' feel, but the food is great and that's important. Someone mentioned 'smelly' - I've toured the whole place three times now and it is spotless - amazing for this kind of place.
4	Only once a year the Asian Festival comes around. My friends and I was able to take an awesome dive into an immersive culture. While I was there, there definitely wasn't much to bore someone. From the gaming arcade to the free Ferris wheel, there was a lot to do there. If you happen to catch next year's festival I suggest that you bring some cash for the full enjoyment of everything there. The only problem that I seen with the festival was the crazy overpriced products.  The festival was awesome aside from that.Considering that it was a lower budget festival the entertainment was awesome. There was a section specifically for games and to say the least it was fun. There was a large assortment of video games there provided by the people that brought the festival together. Some came straight from Japan. When you walked into the festival this specific section was particularly identifiable by the enormous crowd that covered the area. Next to talk about from the Festival was the giant map of Asia. Consider this: the map was so huge that the people that came up with the idea dedicated an entire indoor room to it (an indoor room is about the size of a small restaurant.) One of the first things that you notice, aside from the giant map, is all of the little kids running around. Now I wouldn't bring this up for just any reason. Among those kids there are 'ambassadors' from different countries. My group of friends and I had the pleasure of meeting the ambassador from Laos. Apparently over in Laos they teach their young how to rip fingers off because that is sure what he was going for. Aside from that the rest of the festival was amazing, the food was aromatic, the drinks were quenching, the music was original, and the overall feel from that place was pleasant and welcoming. I would suggest to anyone that is bored on that specific weekend should visit this place for good times and good eats.
4	Very nice Asian market with a foodcourt. It's like a mini mall with different stores and restaurants and a food court.  I go here from time to time and love to eat lunch before I do my grocery shopping.  I just went the other day and there was a lot more vendors in the food court and the bakery finally opened up.  At the bakery I got a cream bun, which was yummy with airy and light bread and creamy custard filling.  I also got some cocunut bun thing and the filling was grainy and way too sweet. I also bought a bag of sho-pow with pork and veggie filling and it was pretty good, but later wished I got the honey bbq pork instead.
5	Excellent Asian market with just about everything you might need. Loved going there on my lunch break to grab some food from one of the many restaurants inside. Meat dept. there is amazing. Always a wide selection of meats and fish and always cheap. Never had bad meat or fish from there, always fresh.
4	This is arizonas little piece of Chinatown. One day maybe , please god soon , we will get a bigger and better china, japan, korean, and Thai town like the bay area.
4	This little plaza has a supermarket, restaurant, food court, eateries, and little shops.  They still have a few empty store fronts, but the mall was packed with people.
4	Mekong Palace66 S. Dobson RoadMesa, 85202Just when I thought I had found one of the best Chinese restaurants in the Phoenix area, I find another one. This is located all the way in the back on the north side of the Mekong Shopping Center, and is worth looking for.Whether you want an inexpensive meal of Dim Sum, or a full banquet, they can accommodate your needs. Most of the Dim Sum are only $2.99, and the variety and quality is wonderful. But the real shining star is the main menu.They have quite a variety of seafood, and fresh is the key word. A lot of it is still swimming in tanks in the main dining room including live sturgeon and spotted prawns.Their menu covers the usual Hong Kong style of cooking, but it's the unusual dishes where they really shine. Items like Spicey and Salty Dungeness Crab  (market price ) - so good that you cannot stop eating it until every little morsel has been devoured.Mussels in a pepper and garlic butter sauce brought bubbling in the shell to your table. Bet you can't eat just one.Companion had the seafood noodle soup ($7.95), and pronounced it fabulous. It was loaded with everything from big, succulent shrimp to pieces of fish and tender squid, all served over tender noodles in a beautiful broth with tender greens. Even the tea is special, with a wonderful flavor that was not typical of black tea's.Other wonderful items on the menu include Crab and Sharks Fin Soup ($16.00 and a bargain at that), Cold Jelly Fish ($8.95), Black Mushrooms & Duck Feet ($8.95) and Szechuan Scallops ($11.95). For the vegetarians, try the Spinach with Garlic ($7.50 and wonderful), Chinese Broccoli with Oyster Sauce ($8.50), or the Braised Tofu ($8.95). I have yet to have a bad dish or even a slightly bad dish at this restaurant. Restrooms are a short walk away, but are beautifully appointed and sparkling clean.I give them 4 stars for quality of food and cleanliness.
4	TIP: great place to beat the heat and hang out, buy asian groceries, check out the restaurants inside.There's no chinatown in Phoenix, but this plaza is the closest thing to it.  The supermarket, and all the stores and restaurants are inside so you don't have to stand out in the heat.  The asian theme food court is not as big as the ones you find in san jose or la but it's really better than nothing.  one of the stalls even have chinese bbq!
5	The mall is just like a mini China town complete with Chinese, Vietnamese and Thai restaurants to mention a few.  I am a great fan of LeeLee's Market, but the Mekong Super Market comes very close.  Had dinner at Thai Spices.  Never, ever, ever have I had a creamer, thicker green curry in my life.  It was sheer Thai food Heaven.  My man had the Thai Paneng Curry and says  it was good.  I had a taste and have to agree it was good, if not outstanding.  This is a true gem of a restaurant worth visiting if you're a Thai food lover
4	I like this plaza for:1) Mekong Supermarket2) Unphogettable3) A Bakery4) Sometimes the frozen yogurt place
5	Most excellent market and also food stalls especially the Chinese restaurant food stall-big restaurant at the north end.  If it was in CA it would be one of very many,  but here it is in Mesa so it gets the big five.
2	This is an Asian mall that has quite a few Asian stores and restaurants in it along with a few other businesses as well.  The place is always packed, and the grocery store in here seems to have a big draw to it.   Every time I'm in the mall, the grocery store is packed!I don't come here often, but when I do it's not a half bad experience.  I walk through the mall, check out the grocery store and then go home.  They also have periodic fairs every now and then, which is kinda cool.  There's a few restaurants in here that I have seen that actually look kinda good to eat at.  I was in here Christmas day, as I usually am, and saw a Chinese place I wanted to eat at for Christmas dinner. We passed and went to a buffet across town instead.  I will say, that I did have a horrible experience in the food court here on Sunday.  My friend and I came in here after a movie to check the place out and were starving.  It was only 2PM, and we didn't want a full meal quite yet, but wanted more of a snack.  We hit the food court in hopes of picking up an egg roll, or a small cup of soup just to kill off the hunger.  What a mistake THAT was.For starters, the tables in the food court were a MESS.  Disgusting MESS.  Every table had half eaten food on it in dishes that looks like it had been sitting there for quite a while.  It appeared that if you ordered a full meal here in the court, you got it in actual "real" dishes and not Styrofoam.  down side to that?  You can't throw it away and it has to be cleared by someone who works there.  Fine, unless no one cleans up the food court, which was the case when we were there. We actually found a table that didn't have a zillion empty dishes on it, and it was LOADED FULL of sauce stains, crumbs, and all kinds of garbage from who ever had eaten there before us.  Disgusting.We sat down and ordered a plate of 4 egg rolls, and the place we ordered from said he would clean the tables for us.  10 minutes later, he still had not done so, and I had to go ask him to wipe down the table for us.  We dumped some Windex on it, and then left.If it hadn't been that it was Christmas Day, I would have never eaten here at the food court.  It was disgusting.  But, it was to late at that point, as we had already paid and didn't feel like embarrassing ourselves and asking for it to go, or asking for our money back.I only come here once a year, and that's about all I can handle for this place. It's just not my style, and after the bad food court experience, I don't really plan on returning any time soon.
2	This plaza is nice...its pretty small... They almost have everything... One time We bought rice here and there were bugs inside the clear bags of rice..it was really gross.....i told one of the workers there they took care of it.... The big bags. Of rice they sell are sealed pretty good but the clear ones they make well we saw bugs and it was really gross.... Im sure the store got that taken care of...but the service is not that great either i asked for where an item was and this guy said no english and he could of got someone else to help me out.. they have great restaurants in the store and a food court.. no offense some of the food in the food court is overly priced for how much they give you. Other than that this store is okay.
4	Waited quite a while to get a table but what the heck, it was the Chinese New Year's Eve and patience is a virtue.  I tried around 10 different Dim Sum dishes and wanted to try more but wished I had gone with at least 2 or 3 other people as it does add up ($$$) plus my stomach can old handle so much. Almost everything I tried was delicious. I am not a big Congee (porridge) drinker so I wasn't too surprised that I didn't enjoy the one with preserved (black) eggs). The Chinese Brocolli with oyster sauce was good but I would have preffered that it was choy sum (my personal fave). The Spicy Salted Shrimps were decent but missing the "spicy" as in "hot/caliente".   The Shu Mai were delicious and so were the Ginger Beef Tripe. I have had better Dim Sum in New York, SFO, Vancouver  and L.A. but for Phoenix (well....Mesa),  this was pretty good. Next time I'll try to russel (?) up some friends to join me.
3	One of the few Asian shopping centers in the Phoenix metro area.  There's an Asian market, various restaurants (Thai, Vietnamese, Boba, Chinese), and a few retail shops.  It doesn't have the selection or energy of the Chinatown markets in Vegas, LA, or Orange County.  Kind of shocking actually when you consider that there are 3x more people in Phoenix than Vegas.Return Factor - 90%  Where else am I going to go for my Asian fix?
5	Some of the best Asian food I've had.
4	Great place to get your asian groceries!   Huge variety of products and produce is fresh and affordable!  The only downside is that the store is a bit disorganized.
3	A clean and spacious mini Mart surrounding the grocery market. Restaurants. Retail stores. Dentistry. Nail salon. Very well lit, open and busy. Right now, they are giving a discount 10% off the purchase of your grocery bill.
5	Very extensive meat and seafood department - I come here once a week to stock up on meats. Lean ground beef and lean ground pork are priced at $1.99 a lb as far as I can remember. They pretty much have it all here. Everything is affordable and they always give a 10% discount at checkout.If you want to avoid crowds, probably best to stay away from here on Sundays around noon.
4	Mekong Plaza is home to a great supermarket, and some good Asian restaurants.  There are also some shops that sell clothes, a kids store, a dental office, and a realtor to name a few.  My favorite place to get food here is the Mekong restaurant in the back next to the food court.
5	after living here 7 years and always looking for the dim sum mecca, we happened upon this gem while looking for re-claimed furniture. it's in an asian strip mall filled with other eateries and specialty asian stores. like any other dim sum, they roll around with the carts and offer you goodies. tip: keep the menu because some of the servers don't speak any english so we had to wind up pointing to some items. for a cheap meal, stick with the items A, B, C. D items are a bit more expensive, but for our whole meal of about 5 items, we only paid 20 bucks total! a steal i say. so i hope we venture out of our radius of comfort to the Mekong Palace again!
5	Very 'hardcore' Asian food super market. Apparently if they do not have it (Asian food) you don not need it. :)
3	UPDATE: (6/26/2014) - So, I've been coming here regularly for 2 years now and I thought it was time for an update. By regularly I mean my wife and I shop here about twice a month. Not really detracting from any of my previous comments, this is just more information that I've acquired over the past two years, which has resulted in me lowering them from 4-stars to 3-stars. The staff turnover here is bordering on stupendous - specifically I'm talking about the cashiers. I couldn't even try to give you an exact figure on how many different cashiers they've had over the last two years, but it's got to be in the 50-100 range. There are a few that have been there for at least the past two years, but none of them are friendly. They all seem to hate their job, which probably explains why they can't keep anyone new. Staff in general are uncaring and rude at this place. We have stopped purchasing chicken, beef and pork here because we've found that Target is simply much, much fresher for those items. But they do have fresh seafood, which my wife says is good. And they have specialty items like Asian vegetables, spices, sauces, and snacks you won't easily find in mainstream grocery stores. However, about half the time the snack items I've bought aren't fresh, so I'm probably going to be scaling back my purchase of those as well. We'll keep going back for the specialty items, but my eyes are open for a new place that might carry these items. .....................................................................................................................................Better than Lee Lee's. There is a bigger selection of foods and fresher produce offered than Lee Lee's and what I like about this place is that it is more than just a western-style supermarket, like Lee Lee's is. I think that's why some people like Lee Lee's is that it looks like a regular western-style supermarket that offers Asian foods. But Mekong has more of an authentic Asian feel to the place (despite the annoying American music blaring on the radio). Plus there are other shops and restaurants in the plaza so you can make an afternoon of it, if you want to - shopping and getting something to eat at the Thai or Taiwanese restaurant that is also located in the plaza. I haven't tried them yet, but plan to on future trips. I'm centrally located in Phoenix, which is why I hadn't visited this place previously because I thought being in Mesa it was too far. However, it's only 30-minutes one way on a Saturday if you take the I-17 to the I-10 to the 202. Not a bad drive at all, and worth it considering the great selection of products and reasonable prices. My wife was able to find Durian here too, which we didn't find at Lee Lee's or the Asian market at the Chinese Cultural Center.
4	Specifically: The Mekong Bakery.So cute inside, and so YUM. I love the honey bread.
4	This plaza is awesome.  Several Asian shops and restaurants, along with a bakery and a relatively large ethnic market.  On my last visit I stopped in and had lunch at a Tiwanese restaurant, picked up a few items at the market and came home with a bag of fresh baked goodies from the bakery that were so delectable.  While I enjoy shopping at Lee Lee or Super L, this plaza has bit more to offer.
4	Of the several Asian markets in the Phoenix area, this one is my favorite. It is the only one that regularly carries chocolate Mochi ice cream and is also located next to the Taiwan Express, which is a great lunch place. It also has a good selection of moon cakes for the mid-autumn festival.
5	The cheapest fruits and vegetable in the valley.
5	Love this place and its atmosphere!the grocery is huge, lots of selection and the prices are very low!Overall excellent experience and lots of places to eat!!!
3	It is like a "Lee Lee's" but it has other shops around and they have other variety of foods. I don't think they have the freshest produce and they sell it in bulk so I would not buy produce from there but it is not bad.
4	Love this place.  excellent restaurants and great selection in supermarket
4	After staying in China for some time, I am always happy to see some nostalgic reminders wherever I can find them. The Super L Ranch Market, Lee Lee market, and Mekong Plaza are my go to places here in Arizona. I am always torn between this place and Lee Lee's, both smell like fish but that's okay! For me, I found that this place has a better and cheaper produce selection. I was able to buy a couple of eggplants for under $2. However, Lee Lee's takes the cake for sweet goods. The Super L Ranch Market is a fun place to get red bean pancakes made just for you outside of the store. This place is like a sauce mecca, my quest to find my favorite gyoza sauce did not disappoint. They must have at least two aisles full of different kinds of sauces. The service is very friendly, I highly recommend!
4	My wife and I go shopping here all the time for the Asian foods (wife is Vietnamese).  There is sometimes more choice here then elsewhere.
4	Wow, they have everything I was looking for from frozen spring rolls, grated cassava and hosin sauce to Chinese broccoli and chayote. And most of the vegetables are prepackaged which is convenient but you can't really select.
4	The grocery store here is fantastic!  There are also some tasty restaurant s! Parking can be a little bit complicated sometimes but don't let that discourage you.  I prefer to go during off peak hours because there's a lot of items packed into this place.
4	So many great places to eat in one location, if i am hungry and do not know what i am craving, i just drive up here and walk around, and it soon becomes clear to me.. you can even get a thai massage after you are in a food coma from the deliciousness
4	Aaah, Mekong plaza, what an experience.  There's all kinds of little places to check out (well I mostly stick with the restaurants haha).  When you walk in, well it is pretty open, and does have a little fishy smell, but not overbearing and sickening.The restaurants and market draws most of the customers (like myself) and they are pretty cool places to check out.  My favorite happens to be the market.  Everytime I eat in or around the plaza, I end up stopping in there to get a drink or pick up snacks for later.  I mean, you can't go wrong with some Squid Jerky and a can of chocolate milk tea.  One of these days, I'm gonna really go shopping there and get some things to make a mean dish, but it could be costly.Anyways, go ahead and check out this plaza, it is an unique place to check out.  Go get some good food, try new things, it won't hurt!
4	My husband and kids brought me here for Mother's Day, and we started with delicious lunch at UnPhogettable and then made it over to the grocery store to pick up some Asian specialty items.  A few observations about the grocery store.  One is that the carts were nearly impossible to find.   My husband had to trek out to the parking lot to try and find me a cart while I waited inside the store, attempting to corral my wiggly three year old who strained against my iron grip so that she could run free in the maze of aisles and product displays. Second the place was packed to the teeth.  I'm not sure if this is common here on a weekend or not, but it was wall to wall people and even finding parking was a challenge.  The sheer number of people made it difficult for me to navigate the extremely tightly packed aisles with my kids and my cart.  There was one aisle that was a hot mess of unpacked boxes in complete disarray, I couldn't get my cart down the aisle it so I just walked down it on foot to browse the items.  The crush of people also made for some very interesting people watching.  The highlight of the people watching was the older Asian lady that I watched as she, not so sneakily, ripped off a big chunk of Jackfruit from the cellophane wrapped Jackfruit display in the produce aisle and flipped the package over to conceal her wrongdoing.  She then proceeded to surreptitiously snack on her stolen fruit, dripping in her hand, as she pushed her cart around the produce aisle.  She was easily old enough to be my grandmother and utterly without shame in her act, I was pretty disgusted by her brazenness.  And FWIW, the Jackfruit was on sale for .99 a pound and the package she ripped open was probably two or three pounds, tops.  Thirdly, aside from the produce and the meat and seafood section, there seems to be no rhyme or reason to the layout of the aisles in the store.  There was one aisle that I thought was the household products and beauty supplies, until I got midway down another aisle that was packed with cookies and candies and sauce mixes and I discovered another grouping of beauty supplies and incense in that aisle.  I'm not sure if maybe products were grouped by region of provenance or what...?  I couldn't find aisle markers to help me sort it out, so I just walked every aisle looking for what I needed.  The layout just didn't make any sense to me, period.Lastly, the prices here seemed just a tad higher than they are at Ranch Market and Lee Lee's but they offer an automatic 10% discount at the register so it all washes out in the end.  I purchased at least 3 bags worth of items and all of it added up to just under $11.00 which I thought was a pretty good deal.PS:  There was a stand just outside the store entrance and an employee was making honey cakes for.75 each..  While I was paying for the groceries my husband went over to the stand and got us 4 piping hot, honey cakes.  As I was loading my toddler in her car seat to leave my husband loaded the groceries in the back of the car and returned our cart to the store forgetting the bag of piping hot honey cakes in the cart!  We didn't realize it until we got all the way home.  My disappointment was obvious, my husband apologized profusely for his oversight!.(To whomever got our honey cakes, you're welcome!)
1	This review is for the Mekong palace restaurant. Was not warmly welcomed the whole visit.  when I placed my order the waiter didn't know what I was talking about when I read exactly off the menu. The whole staff set up for lunch for themselves and ate at the next table over and forgot we were there making every request we had seem like a bother. Food is not fresh all from cans, saw it delivered.
3	This place is always packed.  A lot of different restaurants and shops for you to try.  Enjoy!
5	Unique and busy. The Market is overwhelming, in a great way though! You can find anything you need for Asian cooking here. Every type of fish, meat.. duck heads, you name it, you'll find it. Maybe. The aisles are organized by region, so for instance you'll find tea in numerous aisles, depending. It's not shiny, but hey they have watercress :) I'll be a regular.Thai Spices Restaurant was excellent as well.
4	Woo! An Asian market that contains so much exotic and abundant food it caters to all ethnicities of that of Chinese, Vietnamese, Filipino, Thai and a bit of Japanese.From frozen produce, desserts and seafood. Instant noodles, varieties of sauces, housewares and fresh produce. Mekong Plaza has all your Asian needs.It's a huge shopping market that carries anything Asian related you can think of- mostly. They fry fish in the seafood department and they give 10% off of your total purchase.The lines go quickly, I satisfy my Asian food needs, good prices and discounted. What a deal!
4	This is a great market. It has WAY more products and friendlier staff than Lee Lee's or Asiana. Super low prices on the produce! There are excellent restaurants too. On a busy Saturday afternoon we didn't have to wait for anything. Only negative thing is the parking lot which is on the small side. Get there early and it won't be an issue.
5	This for me is a fun and interesting place. It is not a cookie cutter shoppong center. Character and diversity. Numerous restaurants, gift stores, bakeries, great and amazing market, travel agency, dentist, tax service, furnature, barber, beauty supply and more.You will be in a highly diverse mix of people. Have I been to many shops? Absolutely! it took a dead mall to a vibrant shopping and dining experience.
5	I visit this place most weekends, my wife is Filipino and she gets the groceries while I hit the Filipino store to get me a halo halo or some Lechon,  unless we get some Dim Sum at the large restaurant, (I still get the Halo Halo after the Dim Sum), then I walk to the bakery and get a Coffee cake roll or a Napoleon cake (holly cr@p they are good!!!) This place has all sort of goodies, we used to go to LEE-LEE market but this place has the advantage of the small stores that provide a large variety of small restaurants.The place is always pack on weekends but the reason is because is so popular.I'm really surprised that the Filipino chain JolliBee hasn't opened a store at this location.
