5	I am not a big fan of giving five stars but this restaurant truly deserves it. My husband and I came here often when it was Ginza sushi and had to venture elsewhere when it closed. Now that Tokyo Boys has opened, we decided to give the restaurant a shot to see how it compared to Ginza so here goes...I would say Tokyo Boys is overall better than Ginza and most sushi restaurants in the area. For being a "non-Strip" sushi restaurant, it sure does resemble what you would at a Strip location but at a reasonable price. When we arrived, it was very quiet and we were the only patrons in the restaurant. Normally, it's a little nerve-racking to see you're the only people in a restaurant but we took into consideration Tokyo Boys has only been open a few weeks and they do not have signage yet. We were immediately greeted by Junko, their Japanese server, and the sushi chef, who we later discovered is the new owner, Hiro, who is also Japanese. I have yet to visit a Japanese owned sushi restaurant in town so you know this place is going to be good. While we were waiting for some of our order, Hiro was telling us how he has worked for Blue Ribbon at Cosmopolitan and Nobu at Hard Rock Hotel and he orders his fish from the same vendors that the above restaurants do; the only difference is that he makes the price of the sushi affordable but still having quality. He preached having quality in what he serves and the sushi definitely proved it.Here's a description of what we enjoyed:Tekka Maki with Avocado (Tuna roll with Avocado) - AMAZING is all I can say. The tuna was beyond fresh and melted in our mouths. We could already tell from looking at the sushi it was fresh from how red it was. This could be because Hiro receives a shipment of fish every other day rather than once a week like many other restaurants in town. This roll was only $6.50! Definitely worth the quality!Zuke Maguro - This is Tuna sashimi drizzled with a ginger type dressing then topped with fresh wasabi. It was amazing - I am obsessed with the tuna they serve here.Japanese Eggplant - He gave this to us to try since I do not like American eggplant and would never order anything that said eggplant but this dish was really good. I was really surprised!Spicy Tuna Roll - Hiro makes a tuna roll then drizzles the spicy sauce on top so it doesn't take away from the fresh taste of the fish. It's not mashed together like at other restaurants so you know you're actually getting tuna. So good!Negihama Roll - The Yellowtail was soft and melted in our mouths - no other way to describe it.Shrimp Tempura Roll - They make the shrimp tempura made to order so it's not just sitting out all day. You can taste the crunch in every bite and it wasn't drowning in eel sauce.Miso Soup - Tokyo Boys makes their Miso soup from scratch and doesn't use the packets like other restaurants so the soup is a lot lighter and you can taste the difference. The soup isn't as salty and is actually really refreshing. There's a whole process Hiro has with making the soup he can share if you ask him about it.Cold Sake - He gave us a sample of cold sake (shame on me for not remembering the name) but it was really good! You could barely taste any alcohol in it and went down smoothly.With a couple duplicates in our order, for two people, we spent around $50 not including gratuity. We were satisfied in the meal where we weren't hating ourselves from eating too much but not hungry. It was the perfect amount of food for the price and quality. We will be dining at Tokyo Boys once a week from now on.Hope everyone visits this restaurant so we can finally have a quality sushi restaurant in town at an affordable price - their slogan, "fine Japanese dining," definitely holds true!
5	My husband, friend from out of town and I dined here on a Friday night during a huge monsoon. We enjoyed numerous types of very fresh Sashimi, sushi rolls, japanese eggplant, and an assortment of Sake, and let me just saw, this is THE BEST sushi in town! The place is newly opened but you can already tell that Hiro, the chef and owner knows what he is doing! He is an excellent Chef that has worked in the best restaurants all over. His wife Junko is so personable and sweet and makes all of the desserts herself! My husband and I will dine at this new and beautiful restaurant a lot, and it will be our favorite place for fresh japanese food!!!! Go here, you will love it!
3	I was excited to see a new sushi spot in Henderson with great reviews. I decided to pop in on a Saturday to see what kind of lunch specials were available (currently Yelp says this business is closed on weekends, that is not correct, they are open Saturdays but not Sundays). I was greeted by my waitress and took a seat at the bar where the sushi chef welcomed me. I ended up getting the sushi lunch special: 5 pieces of sushi, my choice of a spicy tuna or California roll (I went with the tuna) and a bowl of miso soup. I asked the sushi chef what sushi came with the lunch special, and he said if I had specific fish I wanted he'd try to accommodate me, so I was able to have some delicious scallop. My miso soup came out first, I was still warm from being out in the heat that morning so I didn't eat much of it. As other reviews have mentioned, this is made from scratch and you can really taste the difference.I did not have a long wait for my sushi.. Sadly, I was a tad disappointed right off the bat. I had read another review explaining that Tokyo Boys does the spicy tuna roll differently than other places, with the spicy sauce on top instead of mashing the tuna and sauce together before making the roll. I am not sure if it is because it was part of the lunch special, but my spicy tuna roll was all mashed up. The taste was fine, I was just expecting to be served the same spicy tuna roll I saw in the other reviewer's photos. My nigiri was good... Not blow-your-mind amazing but good size cuts of fairly fresh fish and a good rice/fish ratio. Hindsight is 20/20... I probably would have been happier if I ordered rolls, which it seems like most of the people raving about this place did. I don't see myself rushing back to Tokyo Boys, but will probably give them another try eventually.
4	Out of the long gone "Ginza sushi" location comes "Tokyo boys" and our first dining experience is very positive! All items are very fresh and you can taste the quality in the ingredients used. The menu selection is slightly less than most sushi restaurants, but this is a quality based sushi experience so you will have well thought out sushi instead of huge list of repetition and nonsense items that someone has made up. The Chef is actually from Japan, which not only helps the overall experience, but he has lots of past experience in high end sushi dining. We'll be back for sure and hope to repeat a great genuine sushi dining experience. Good to have the location back to life again in Henderson!
5	Great food! My favorite sushi restaurant as it is fresh and tasty.
4	It was dual birthday celebration night since my brother and I born week apart. We have family tradition go out celebrate both our birthday. Our birthday family night decided too check out new sushi spot in Henderson on that my brother use too work with the sushi chef Hiro. Always excited too try new restaurants and Tokyo Boys no exception too the rule!Once got there realize that the location has changed restaurants so many times hard too keep track current one. It in Henderson part of town no venture too very often. I do remember last time some kind of diner. The outside of the building is the same so first glance thinking really sushi restaurant. LIke reading book never judge book by its cover my friends. The first step inside they done great job of changing the decor with little accents too give it more of japanese restaurant. The lantern style lighting all over the restaurant. Soon you walk in instead of your typical dinner sit down counter literally long long row for sushi bar. It very much spacious all around. Ample choices comes too booths, tables, or sushi bar. Inside never think looking from outside be eating japanese restaurant.It a la carte. Never been fan of comes too sushi but mixing things up is spice of life. We ordered bunch of different things. The Tori karage was delicious. I enjoy the nice crispy skin on the outside and nice moist on the inside. The kakuni or braised pork belly that was keeper! It little bowl filled with goodies. Nice chunks of braised pork that so moist falls apart in your mouth. The sauce more like broth that cooked in along with couple hard boiled eggs. It penetrates literally both the pork and the eggs or perfection. Awesome. Tuna poke salad was ok. One of the things not really that high on had better poke. The spicy yellowtail hand roll. Winnah! Odd but looking at the sushi menu never really had hand roll section. I ask but more then happy too make it.. We had yellowtail with ponzu sauce that was delicious. Few rolls several more dishes. Quality of the fish. I thought it was pretty darn good. The quality was there in all the dishes we had from the sashimi, the sushi rolls, and even had black cod! The presentations for small place outside of strip was really elegant. Most part even though not fan of a la carte the prices are not too bad. You can tell Hiro sushi chef puts his heart and soul into all of his dishes. Hiro easy too talk stories too makes sitting at sushi bar more fun experience. All had great experience here at Tokyo Boys. If in the area would come back again.
4	We had dinner at Tokyo Boys on a Thursday night at around 7pm. I was a bit surprised to find that there was only one other patron there (sitting at the sushi bar). I hope that they get more customers, because, in general, my impression of this restaurant is positive.The decor and ambiance is friendly and clean. Definitely a nice place to have a meal at. The service is prompt and friendly. Although, we were the only table being served, so it remains to be seen how it may be with more patrons.We ordered a Tempura Soba (cold), a Sake Chazuka, a Grilled mackerel and a Kakuni (braised pork belly). All in all, the food was good tasting. Especially the grilled mackerel. I felt the mackerel was pretty much cooked PERFECTLY. They say they are all about authentic Japanese cuisine and it appears they are doing it well.One negative point in the experience was the menu. If you opt to not include any pictures in your menu, atleast include a description of the dish. Their menu was a bit confusing. They can improve it by making their dishes in the menu easier to understand for their customer. So, definitely a quality establishment that, hopefully, will get better with time.
5	Excellent and extremely knowledgeable sushi chef Hiro. Fantastically prepared fresh fish, daily specials. Nice Japanese beer selection & detailed sake list by bottle or glass. Very nice to interact with the chef & owner Hiro at the sushi bar.
5	We have known Hiro san for a while and he is the best Sushi chef in Vegas area. The quality of Fish is the same as the one from very expensive high end Sushi place on the Strip. Very authentic nigiri sushi as well as yummy creative rolls!! Also try some other small Japanese dish, especially handmade Gyoza,  all Hiro san's original, excellent!
5	I signed up on Yelp specifically to write a review about this restaurant. The service was amazing, the sushi was first rate, and we will definitely be back. If you're looking for a place that serves melt in your mouth sushi, I highly recommend Tokyo Boys.
5	I lived in Tokyo, Japan, for three years, and have spent a lifetime traveling there.  So the highest praise I can give Tokyo Boys is this:  despite the name and the building it was located in (both of which had me expecting mall food-court quality "Japanese"  food), the sushi and gyoza I had here was every bit as good as any I had in upscale restaurants in Japan.  It was truly spectacular!  I look forward to trying their hire katsu next time, and if that is as good as what I had in the motherland, then they'll have earned a customer for life!
5	My wife and I have been in 6-7 times now and it has become our favorite place to go out in Henderson.  We actually haven't gone to any other restaurants since we started coming here.  My first impression from the outside was thinking old 50's diner.  I'll admit I was hesitant.  But my wife liked the classy Tokyo Boys logo so we gave it a shot and I'm glad we did.  I think that now when I see a 50's diner I will think of Tokyo Boys.  Now I like the stainless steel look.  We enjoy sitting at the sushi bar and chatting with Hiro, his wife Junko and the other friendly patrons.  Hiro is the owner/chef, which is comforting because he cares about his business and the food he serves.  Sometimes we go for lunch but last night we did a late dinner and stayed until about 01:15 am.  Nice to have a classy late night spot close to home.I am a fisherman and I always save the collars and belly of my catch.  Those are the best pieces to smoke or broil because they have all the fat and flavor.  I was pleased to see salmon belly and collar on the menu.  The collar is cooked just the way I like it.  The salmon is from Scotland.  Sorry I don't know the Japanese names that well.  I get a seaweed salad to start each meal.  I also like the smelt and flying fish roe with a quail egg over the top!  I tried Uni here for the first time too and it had a pleasant almost sweet after taste.  Hard to describe but it was pretty good.  Can't go wrong with the Chefs Choice option at the bottom of the sushi menu either.If I sound too overly positive about Tokyo Boys it's because I really don't have any negative comments to add.  If I did I would post them on here.  Price is good, food is fresh and is matched with the owner/chef experience.  Cheers!
5	If you want really good japanese food at a reasonable price in a comfortable and friendly place , please go to Tokyo Boy's in Henderson on Stephanie.The owner , Hiro , is a master Chef and prepares the best Japanese food I have eaten. Even better than what I had while living on SF peninsula .Try some standards like His excellent from scratch miso soup, bento box, tempura and grilled herring. Then delve into the dining experience by asking Hiro to fix you something special as an adventure.Complementing the food is a nice selection of sake, teas and beers.Everything was top quality ,expertly served in a clean, comfortable and friendly environment at a surprisingly reasonable price.Try some of Junko's excellent desserts with a cup of their really good coffee to top off your dinner.5 stars in my book!I am bringing friends and family here to share the dining experience.Sam W
5	Tonight was our first time in and we had a great experience. On top of the fact that the food was amazing, we got really good service. Our waitress was helpful with the menu and ordering and was on top of our drinks! We ordered an appetizer, Screaming Orgasm, yes that's the name! It was really good! We had a couple sushi rolls which were great! I recommend the Banzai Roll! Then we ordered the Chirashi, a first for us, and it was so good! We will be back for the super fresh seafood and good service!
5	Delicious! Freshest fish in town. Melt in your mouth aji, mackerel, and sea urchin. Yummy green tea cheesecake for dessert.
5	Wow this place is amazing!!!! The Sashimi is some of the best I've had. The ginger is bright yellow and super fresh. The service is great. Hiro is a not only a great chef, but a pretty amazing person. Do yourself a favor and come here!!! I've been here 3 days in a row!!!
4	Best sushi in Henderson . Fresh fish, good service, friendly chefs. I eat here at least once a month.  Open till 2AM!
5	Who needs Jiro when you have Hiro (et al.)!This place is only around 3 months old, but I've probably been here at least 6 times. Each time makes me want to go back for more. The staff is incredibly friendly, helpful, and unpretentious - the hostesses and chef/owner easily remember me and make me feel right at home. The food is very, very good - I would even say "oishii". Their cooked dishes and sushi are equally amazing. For the cooked dishes, I'm a big fan of the chicken karaage, salt and pepper shrimp, and the grilled black cod. With the sushi, I like to try 2 or 3 specials each time and then will get a couple rolls. The fish is definitely high quality and served perfectly. The menu has a good mix of authentic Japanese and some new dishes with their own personal spin. Each dish is well-balanced and their menu and execution seems like they really spent time thinking through it.The decor is very nice and clean, and I'm a big fan of the eclectic music (Johnny Cash, Thievery Corporation, etc all in one sitting). Overall, I'm so happy that it's in Henderson - I'd still go frequently if it were in Vegas, but I'm thankful for its proximity. The food and the staff are the best and I can't wait to go back again.
5	This is the first off the strip place that has TORO on the menu and on the specials board. Totally legit!!!
5	Great service, great food, great quality!! Must try if you're on the neighborhood. Ill def stop by every time I'm in vegas.Hiro is very friendly as personable.
4	Food was yummy.We had several different types. Owner and chef was at the counter. Not too friendly. Seems to stay on the far side of the counter and just chat with one customer. I would go back.but, I sit up there to "be a bit social" that's what it's for. He was not. Booth it is! Great fresh fish. They where out of a lot.but had many other friendly suggestions.
5	Came here for the first time. I was happy to see that it was open so late at night. I sat down and the place was empty. But the sushi chef Hiro quickly made myself feel at home. I've been to many places in town and they had quite an impressive selection of sushi. Keep up the good work Hiro!!
5	Wow.  Chef Hirofumi is amazing.  We were driving in Henderson and saw this place.  Friendly staff and beautiful restaurant.  We tried the beef teriyaki and shrimp tempura sushi among others and everything tasted fresh and original.  Will definitely go here again.
5	I'm half Japanese and grew up in Japan, my wife is full-Japanese. We lived in Vegas for over 20 years. My wife is very picky about Japanese restaurants in the U.S. and  doesn't like most Japanese restaurants in Vegas so sometimes we drive all the way down to Torrance or Costa Mesa for a good Japanese dinner. She recently found this place and LOVES their Sushi ! The owner is the chef and he chooses his fish very carefully. We go there for lunch and haven't been there for dinner yet.  I'm not much of seafood fan so I order their sushi/beef combo bento which is very good, good portions for the price (around $12.00) .
5	Hidden Gem, food is great! It is in a plaza that is a little hard to see the restaurant until you are past it. We tried it and were pleasantly surprised at how amazing the good was and the staff also.  I hope more people try this place as it doesn't seem busy and we would like to keep it around!
4	This is an excellent sushi place in an a former "Rubys Diner". Great nigiri and sashimi. I'd stick to the more traditional rolls. Kinda fun to be in a diner and be served sushi instead of burgers. Its not a fancy place, just good food. Service is nice, kind, I would not say its fast. Take your time, talk to each other.
4	Great service, mackerel and tofu dashi were both really good. Sake prices were a bit much. Will be going back for sure.
3	It was average sushi but over priced. I probably wouldn't go back here because there are a few places in the area that are better. I did enjoy their garlic tuna shashimi, I also go the Yum Yum roll and it was good. The food tasted like anywhere else but just priced more.
3	I needed a sushi fix quickly and I was so glad this place is open pretty late. Place was very nice & had a good-feel to it unlike the usual fast-paced & very crowded AYCE sushi places. There was only one customer & my party in the restaurant so the server was very attentive. I had the matcha green tea, some appetizers & a couple sushi rolls. They were all very tasty so I didn't realize right away that i have ordered one too many. Price is higher than usual ~ $$ but I think it was appropriate based on the quality of the food. This place is worth a try just expect to pay $$.
5	11.30.13.Who would have thought, an authentic Japanese restaurant, smack-dab in the middle of nowhere (as it seemed) somewhere in Vegas. I know walking in here I was a bit skeptical...Our family came here on a whim, since it was the closest & highly recommended via Yelp. But upon arrival, the 50's diner exterior (red/silver trim, white tile) took me by surprise & def left me wondering if this place was for real/legit.Since we were hungry, we decided to just stick with it & give it a try...and good thing we did! We all loved our meals & this place does live up to the standards of good, Japanese cuisine in my book. It is run by Japanese owners who appeared to be able to speak Japanese as well!When we entered, the restaurant was empty except for another couple sitting in another booth. These owners kept the 50's feel of the diner, but changed the color palette to a dark, rich colors (think eggplant). There are both (50's style) booths & a sushi bar.I believe we all ordered teishoku-type meals with either two or three choices (~$15). I went with the teriyaki salmon & assorted tempura (2 shrimp, onion, eggplant, sweet potato, jalepeno, & a mushroom); this also came with miso soup, rice & salad with an ethnic dressing (that I wasn't really a fan of...sort of a grainy, green sour/sweet dressing). Prior to our meals we also ordered a roll as an appetizer; the Yum Yum roll (~$8?), a mixture of crab, lobster & scallops with tobiko...I think it was also spicy...Overall, we were very happy with the quality & taste of our meals! The other Yelpers were right in lauding this restaurant for it's tempura! It really was light, fluffy, & not oily or heavy at all!! Service here was also great. Although it was not crowded we were still catered to as things got slightly busier & I noticed that even though the restaurant was technically supposed to close 30 minutes after we arrived, we were not rushed or pushed out. They also continued to take customers during this time!I think we will def come back to this place the next time we're in Vegas! Yum yum!Yelp 365 Challenge: #333/365
3	Tried this place twice so far - once for dinner and once for lunch. Good service each time - not as much variety on hot food as other places. However, their chirashi sushi (assorted fish on a bowl of rice) was superb with an incredible variety of fresh fish - while $28 may seem expensive - it's very competitive with other similar bowls that I've had price wise, but the selection and quantity of fish was better. I'm only giving it three stars because I expected a greater variety of hot food - though what I've had (chicken karrage - fried chicken, tempura, and hot soba) were good - but very little in the way of donburi (rice bowl of different contents), or curries, etc.
5	Excellent! Service is amazing and also has the most fresh sashimi in Henderson! We love it, we go there at least once a week!
5	Highly recommend this place. It's only been open for 6 months and we drove by it almost everyday. I was skeptical at first cause it's in a diner. But the inside is beautiful and we sat at the granite bar in front of the sushi chef/owner. Great decision. We were able to dialogue with him and got some sushi recommendations.Over all the fish is HIGH quality and prepared beautifully.What we got:Sapporo and house saki= :) Madai-Japanese snapper-5/5 Lemon and salt so goodShima aji-4/5-simply for my own preference for softer fishBenitoro-seared salmon belly-5/5 Spicy tuna best ever. Quality fish and great spicy tuna roll-5/5Will be back next sushi craving night. Also thinking of coming back for the kitchen items.
5	The best Sushi place I've ever been to! The staff is super nice and Hiro is an amazing chef and a really nice guy! Their food is high quality and they are so warm and friendly that I have become a regular there. I love the fact that I can get a late night craving and grab a bite there because it is open til 2am...I can't say enough good things about this place, we need to spread the word! (just please don't take my seat at the counter)
5	My Family and I love to eat Japanese food on almost a weekly basis. Japanese cuisine is by far our favorite. We normally have to drive to the west side as we do not really enjoy any of the local places. It was a nice surprise to finally find a place closer to my house that met our expectations. This restaurant has authentic Japanese cuisine. The quality of their products are on par with restaurants on the strip at affordable prices. The decor is not Japanese and does not serve justice to the place. It is extremely clean and kept very fresh. Our town needs more family owned and operated restaurants like this that have a home feel unmatched by the big corporation places. Definitely try their oysters, tempura uni, monkfish liver, pork belly and their amazing sushi. My daughter and I went with Omakase Menu and enjoyed every course. The menus also have more conservative alternatives for people like my wife, that are equally delicious. The check would have been a lot more at some of the other places we usually go to and it is closer to us. We will be back soon.
4	I had a late lunch during the week at Tokyo Boys.  I didn't realize they close at 2:30, and I walked in a little after 2.  But, they seated me and were totally friendly, I didn't feel rushed at all.  I tried the roppongi, which is a spicy tuna roll with shrimp and topped with tuna.  This was a large roll which had some kick to it.  It was very flavorful and I loved the sauces.  This is a winning roll and I would order it again.I also tried the karaage and gyozo appetizers.  The gyozo were pretty typical dumplings, hot with a nice sear on the underside.  I really enjoyed the karaage, or crispy fried chicken.  It was dark meat chicken, so it retained some flavor and juiciness.  It was very crispy.  My only request would be a little more salt/seasoning.  These were also winners, I'd get them again.The place is large and comfortable, and appeared very clean in the area of the restaurant I was in.  I hope it does well, this location has been snakebit for a few years.  Seems like it's finally found a winner.
5	This place gets 5 stars on their quality alone! No, there isn't any " all you can eat" and if cheap trendy all you can eat rolls are what you want, this is NOT your new spot. If you understand Japanese food & fish and like quality, fresh, authentic sushi then welcome home!!! There are only a few additions I would like to see. A television for football games and the like at the sushi bar is one suggestion. The other is the closure between lunch and dinner. It is somewhat confusing and we often find ourselves wanting to come here during that time but must go elsewhere... Perhaps a giant "grand opening" sign with streamers would go a long way. Many people still think this place is the (old sushi spot).
3	I really wanted to like this place but it just wouldn't let me. They want to be a fine dining restaurant and charge fine dining prices. Yes, they offer clothe linens but with plastic utensils? c'mon! atleast buy cheap real utensils at Walmart. Most of the non sushi items were bland and the menu itself lacks information for the non Japanese or inexperience with authentic Japanese food. I tried almost everything and I did like the braised pork belly, salted shrimp, cod and some of the nigiris. chirashu bowl was pretty good as well. For the food we did like I give this place 3 stars. we'll probably give it another shot but we are in no rush.
5	My go-to spot for hangover food. It's near my work and when you have a hangover, you'll need miso soup.I've been here a couple times but I've hesitated doing a review. I thought, it's too good to be true. But I'm giving in. THIS PLACE IS AMAZEBALLS , left and right amazeballs! (get it? GET IT!?).I always get the lunch combo, either the 2 item or 3 item. Either or, still delish. BUT here's the trick to get your money's worth. Order a lunch bento - 2 item. Get the sashimi and anything deep fried (usually chicken katsu for me). Totes delish! The sashimi is tuna and salmon. VERY, VERY, FRESH!Service is good. Kinda sad that the employees already know me cause I always come in with my work polo with my name tag on. Oh well, more free water for me.Rarely gets busy. I notice that this place gets a lot of Japanese customers. You gotta go where the Japanese goes right?
3	Not bad.  A little bit high priced.  Sushi is sold as one piece.  The wait for our order was too long,  it wasn't busy.
4	Sushi was delicious even at 12am. Great flavors and so fresh tasting. Prices are a little high and you think this late they would have a happy hour. (If they had one I bet it would bring a lot more business.)First time I ordered a spider roll and they serve you a separate dipping sauce. Which was amazing! It had a nice little kick to it. It is the same sauce they serve you when you just order soft shell crab as an appetizer. But it was nice dipping my roll in it instead of the wasabi and dash of soy sauce I usually use. Definitely will be coming back for my late night sushi carvings.
5	Amazing sushi, so fresh it's cut right off the whole fish in front of you! ! Best hamachi kama I've ever had!  Thanks Hiro!
5	THIS TRULY IS AS GOOD AS IT GETS. Having traveled extensively in Japan for work this is as close as I have gotten to the quality sushi from there. The Owner/chef was very friendly and accommodating. The atmosphere is friendly and welcoming and it is open late. The real story here is the fish...SO FRESH! prepared beautifully if you love real sushi and sashimi spend the extra bucks and get the chirashi! A big bowl of sushi rice covered with premium cuts of everything! I shared one and had a roll of my own and I was full and happy. The other thing of note is the miso....It is actual miso! Made there and soooo good! Fresh wasabi ( if you've never had it you just don't know!) incredible. The rice is artfully prepared and that after all is where great sushi begins. Don't miss out it is the best sushi in Vegas and Henderson. I am sorry to all the other sushi places in town... If they need to reach me they will find me at Tokyo Boys! Can't wait to go back and try more!
5	This place is a true oasis in over priced Las Vegas.    Amazing Sushi.
5	Loved everything about this place!  We're from the Philadelphia area and were in town for a soccer tournament.  Read the reviews and had to give it a try.  We were not disappointed!  We ordered a bunch of dishes and several rolls and everything we ate was superb!  We thought the price was in line with the quality of the ingredients used.
5	Treated myself to a Birthday lunch today, experience was amazing! Food was incredible, some of the freshest sushi I have ever had, no lie...I always judge by the yellowtail and mackerel, and Tokyo Boys had multiple choices of each. Enjoyed conversation with the owner, Hiro, and you can tell his love for quality and for his art. He has invited me back to try my old nemesis Uni, which he swears I will enjoy this time. Kudos to Tokyo Boys for an amazing start to my Birthday! I will be back...PS. I recommend trying the fresh wasabi next time instead of soy sauce....
5	Five star quality sushi. Sashimi!I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!Try the collar, yes they have it there!
5	Excellent! Family owned business. Hiro has worked in Salt Lake City, Nobu at the Hard Rock and now he and his wife Junko are their own restauranteurs. The fish is fresh from Japan, arriving within 24 hours of being caught. The menu is varied; sashimi, sushi, and other things like Japanese fried chicken, New York steak, and hand made pot stickers. Junko makes the featured desserts. The green tea cheesecake is wonderful. This is a great spot for a nice meal for a couple or for a meal for 12. Hiro will "design" the food for your party, leaving the decision making to him. Tonight we had the fresh sashimi and two rolls. Everything was seasoned well, the fish was fresh, and the service was outstanding. Make this your "go to" place when you're thinking having authentic sushi.
5	Like the food had lunch here one day ordered a bento box and it was good..be prepared to spend $20 for yourself for a great lunch sushi was great I just think they need the business to get the prices down..keep this place open!
1	Will never come back here again! It took them a while before anyone could even get our drink orders and every time we ask for something. There were only 3 people on the floor. Good thing I was sitting next to their table where they kept all their silverware, condiments etc so I just took them from there rather than waiting forever. Cause I asked for sugar for my iced tea and the server just gave me a single packet.. other reviews were all good so I thought their food must be good. It wasn't. The chicken katsu and beef teriyaki were mediocre and the spider roll wasnt even tasty.
5	Ok, I've been to a lot of sushi joints in and around Vegas and Henderson and this place just took the #1 spot as my all time fav.I was trapped at DMV in Henderson for hours and was starving. A friend of mine wanted to treat me to lunch and told me to pick a place. My brain was foggy from hunger so I used my Yelp app to locate nearby places. Tokyo Boys came up! Am I glad it did!We arrived around 1:30 pm, the place was empty,  sparkling clean and super cute. We were greeted right away and opted to sit at the sushi bar where we meet Chef Hiro Miyoshi. Hiro expertly crafted our sushi... an amazing Toro that was pure bliss in my mouth, Hamachi that was equally to die for. Then a gorgeous Caterpillar Roll, Philly Roll and a decadent hot roll called Japanese Lasagne (OMFG SO GOOD). We chatted with Hiro about the place and when asked where the lunch crowd was he calmly explained good things take time, that they just opened last summer and they do not advertise. He also told us about how his fish is flown in fresh, never frozen. Very peaceful man. I didn't want this Zen moment to end so I asked Hiro to make us one more thing, something raw, something fabulous... and that he did! Two pieces of Japanese Mackerel sushi with mint leaf, lemon and a sprinkle of sea salt... pure bliss... I should have taken a pic, it was so beautiful! It's times like these I wish I had hollow legs so I could keep eating more ;)My lunch date who is fairly new to eating sushi ate piece for piece with me and was a fan of it all too :-)I hope this place picks up speed fast. Can't wait to go back for more! Definitely recommended!
2	After reading the reviews, we were excited to try this place. Our experience did not match the 5 star reviews, which makes me think the reviews are a bit fishy! The sushi quality is good. The presentation is sadly lacking, particularly with the sky high prices. The sushi prices are at the level of the high end sushi houses on the Las vegas strip. At least with the strip location you get a grand ambiance and an experience matching the prices. The service staff was friendly but lacking knowledge of the menu or sashimi options. The Tokoyboy ambiance is lacking and dated (specifically the old bathrooms and the broken front door). They have signage scotch taped to the front door, never a good thing.  It is not fine dining, it is not authentic Japanese... not even close. If you want a good Japanese experience and fair prices try Raku or Ichiza.
1	Tried this on the recommendation of a co-worker.  We won't be back.  Severely over priced for very little food.  The best thing I can say is my husbands very small steak was pretty tasty, however that doesn't make a meal and for the price of it there should have been more than a 4 Oz piece or other things to go along with it.  I have the yellow tail with ponzu (some of the poorest ponzu I've ever had).And iced tea from concentrate, might as well have been drinking tin can.  Save your time and money choose a different restaurant.
3	I would give 3.5 stars if I could!1. I am really glad that a good sushi restaurant has opened up in Henderson and we don't have to drive all the way to Spring Mountain to get Japanese food. 2. This is a really nice place to have around when you don't feel like getting some ridiculous roll smothered in mayonnaise filled with deep-fried shrimp and fake crab and covered in an inch of rice.3. I had the chirashi bowl, my boyfriend had the 3-item bento with chicken katsu, gyoza, and .. salmon teriyaki? I can't remember. I also had one piece amaebi.The chirashi bowl was really good. Definitely this place's saving grace. Fresh fish, good cuts, really good rice. The katsu was all right, I would have preferred it to be a little more crispy than it was. The amaebi was really good - the head was very lightly breaded, which gave it a very light crispiness, rather than the thick crunch that you get at a lot of other places. 4. Like people said, this place is pretty expensive (and I am NOT one of those yelpers that goes to a fancy restaurant and complains about the prices). The chirashi bowl is either $15 or $22, and single-piece nigiri goes for anywhere from $2 - $4. I know that their quality is better than that of many other restaurants, but this is still pretty steep. Their prices are literally twice as high (one piece rather than two) than my favorite sushi joint back home. Then again, I am from Orange County / LA (California) so maybe it is easier for them to get fresh fish. These were lunch prices as well, and I assume they raise the prices at dinner time. 5. Service was perfectly decent. The waitress was nice enough and knew the delivery hadn't come in when I tried to order the uni. The only thing was that my boyfriend and I were literally the only people there and the food took quite a while to come out. This I am chalking up to it being a relatively new restaurant and they still need to work out the kinks. I hope it will be better in the futureI will definitely be eating here again, but as current prices stand, this is not somewhere where I will probably be a regular. I hope that they can impress me and I can raise this to a four-star review. Also I hope they lower their prices on the nigiri (wishful thinking I know)!
4	Just updated from 3(3.5!) to 4 stars. Went back today and had the amaebi nigiri, uni nigiri, and the salmon skin roll. The uni portion was generous, and the salmon skin roll was perfectly crispy (if very small), but I like that they did not overdo it on the rice. Still expensive & slow, though...
4	Have eaten here with the wifey three times. Have enjoyed each meal. Don't let the outside fool you, the inside is really nice and clean. The host is nice and they always acknowledge us when we're there. Of course we've always gone there for lunch around noonish and we're the only ones there lol. I don't know if thats good or bad but I like it cuz we get our food pretty quickly. I always order the Salmon Bento box with teriyaki and it's always excellent. They are a little pricier on their sushi so keep that in mind. If you're really hungry and want to eat a ton of sushi I would strongly recommend going to a buffet style sushi place like Island sushi or Blue Fin. Like me for lunch Ill get a bento box and add a couple pieces of raw Mackerel. I really recommend this place mainly for lunchtime but I'm sure dinner is good too.
5	I have eaten at this place 5 times and never a bad meal !! The service it great very friendly and after living in Japan for two years this is just as good. Try it you will return!!
5	We have been here a couple times before for dinner and we love this place! Best beef teriyaki and chicken katsu we have ever had. Beef is medium rare, well seasoned and juicy. Chicken is soft and juicy on the inside and crispy on the outside. Everything is always cooked to perfection every time. And we just discovered that their lunch box is even better and cheaper! For $12.95, you get three items and soup, rice and salad!This place has become my absolute favorite Japanese restaurant in the area !
5	Tokyo boys has only quality fish. I love the diner converted into sushi bar. The price although not cheap but fairly priced for quality fish. Your gonna spend way more on strip and fish is not as good. Wide variety of sashimi. Grade AAA fish.  My new favorite spot.
5	Went here twice now and I was satisfied both times. I highly urge you to try the ropongi roll ... Mmmmm so good!
5	Nice selection of saki. If you can't figure out one choice, they have sampler options. This is a great and legit sushi bar where the sushi chefs greet everyone who comes in the door and craft delicious masterpieces.
5	Best spicy tuna roll EVER! Their house sake is way better than the vinegar you get at most places.
5	One of the few authentic sushi houses actually run by a Japanese chef. FYI the owner was a top chef at different top sushi houses on the Strip. Unbeknownst to most, he only selects the premium cuts of fish and doesn't use the low grades that most sushi joints purchase to increase profits.Killer lunch deals as well.Try some unique dishes as well. I highly recommend the Salt & Pepper Shrimp, NY Steak appetizer, Chicken Karaage (awesome!) and Gyoza are all done in house and are fantastic. Sushi is all premium cuts and you can't go wrong.
5	Been here a few times and loved it each time. Rolls and sashimi are always on point. Prices can't be beat for what you get. Place is typically quite and not busy which makes it a lot more intimate. Will continue to visit and highly recommend it.
5	just had the agedashi tofu, a cucumber roll, and an avocado roll, and they were all so amazing! the restaurant is open through late hours so I was able to come in and order my food to-go at 1230pm (after I got off work). the employees greeted me as soon as I walked in and were very friendly. when I arrived at home to eat my food, it was absolutely delicious! the ingredients were so fresh and it was definitely the best japanese food I've had in vegas! tokyo boys is a must try!
5	Ok, finally made it back to Tokyo Boys...and after 16 years confronted my old nemesis, Uni, and .....damn it's my new favorite bite! Hiros' wisdom is well received, and greatly appreciated. I guess I said it all in my first review, don't sleep on this place, make the drive out to Henderson and enjoy!
1	This place is terrible... Keep away! I honestly don't know how this place has a 4.5 stars. Very misleading!! I came here with high hopes and I was very disappointed! Both the food and service sucks! I ordered a miso soup and she gave it to be along with the check. I went off yelp reviewed on what to order and the fish was not fresh. The meat was flavor less. The soft shell carb was edible. We spent 300 dollars here and I'm still hungry...
5	The axiom "you get what you pay for" rings true for Tokyo Boys. The price point is indeed fairly higher than you'll find elsewhere in the Henderson area, but so is the quality, sourcing, and preparation of the food you will enjoy. I hit up ayce as much as any other commoner in town, but when I'm willing to drop a few down, I'll be at Tokyo Boys.Particular recommend: The negitoro roll is quite good.
1	Kinda weird for a Japanese place to be in a diner ....food was expensive and not that great.   If I'm paying these prices I want good quality.   I'd pass on this place
4	This is not for the foodie that likes fusion or American-ized Japanese food.  I was born in Tokyo so these flavors and textures really take me back to my hometown.  The gyoza is carefully burnt, the udon and soup base cannot get any more authentic.  The miso soup is supposed to be special and it was good but nothing I would go back for.  The yellowtail hamachi was good however maybe a couple green onions on top or something to it would've helped.  To top it off I had one of the best creme brulee I have had, but caution to those who like over sweet desserts, Japanese people make their sweets almost bittersweet lol.  Another huge plus is they use an efficient filter system for everything so even their tap water tasted pure, and their regular iced tea that I thought was some special tea tasted so good!  I can taste and smell EVERYTHING so even a hint of freezer burn or dirty tap makes me cringe lol.  The service is what you typically expect at a Japanese restaurant, not a lot of chatter or over friendliness, just efficient service and enough space for you to enjoy your food.  I want to return to try more sushi.
5	I absolutely loved the tempura shrimp and vegetable mix! And the Teriyaki Chicken was most excellent. I would recommend this place to anyone, it was very good!
1	Poor experience, tuna roll is a rip off for 6.50. Even if you request for canceling the order they wont accommodate. Thanks for an awful birthday experience.
4	Great food japanese chefs, hard to find a good chirashi in vegas but I have the spot!!! Its funny to me how people on yelp say they are sushi lovers and experts but they only order roll beat it amateur sushi eaters...
5	Awesome chirashi bowl, tempura udon, O-toro, and chazuke.  My favorite is the miso black cod.  Really everything is great but those are my favorites.
5	Most authentic Japanese sushi in town. Fresh cuts of fish that you won't find anywhere else. Service is amazing and you will not be disappointed!!!
5	My new favorite sushi place!!  Freshest fish I have had in vegas. The chef actually cut the hamachi in front of us, it was a actual fish. Excellent customer service!
4	* This is review is mainly on entree items, not sushi. Tried this place for the first time yesterday and I'm soo mad that I didn't get to take any pictures cause my phone died :( Soo if you know this area, you know that this place went through several owners like Bernard's Bistro and thus we get a shiny silver diner Japanese place Lol. I'm happy that the chef and sushi chef were both Japanese so that's a plus. We decided to share a whole bunch of items: braised pork belly (kakuni), Japanese fried chicken (karaage), seaweed salad, eel bowl (unagi don), a dragon roll and tempura ice cream.Kakuni: wasn't what I was expecting but it was delicious. Super tender, came served in a bowl with rich broth and eggs.Chicken Karaage: always a favorite of mine, super light and salty in a good way. Came with about 6-7 pieces.Seaweed Salad: Soo good. I hate when a place makes it super dry but here they make it perfectly with the right balance of sesame oil, vinegar, sugar and soy sauce.Unagi Don: a little on the pricey side compared to everything else at $18 but it is soo worth it. I have not seen such great quality eel probably since I left Okinawa. Super tender, probably about 6-7 pieces with each piece being two fingers in width. Yummy! Served with too much rice but honestly I haven't had an unagi don anywhere with a "normal" amout of rice lolDragon Roll: a pet peeve of mine was that it wasn't rolled tight enough, some pieces fell apart a little. They used a good amount of ingredients and not a ridiculous amount of rice so that's good. The eel on top was the same quality we got on the unagi don yumm. However I feel the sushi rice was made a little too sweet for my taste.Tempura ice cream: we had the vanilla even though they offer a green tea version. The perfect ending, cold and warm and the tempura actually tasted like yellow cake Lol so good. Oh and they offer Orion beer! & at $8 for a liter! If you've never tried, it's an Okinawan light beer, kind of like a mix between Bodington's & Chang's beer.The atmosphere is very casual, very...unjapanese lol looked like a diner still with bits of Asian flair but it was very clean and the food was good so no problem! I just wouldn't make coming here a first-date type of option.Overall: 4/5 for regular food & 3/5 for sushiI'll probably come back here specifically for entrees instead of sushi and for bento boxes during lunch time.
5	Chef Hiro is one of Henderson's and Las Vegas' Living Treasures.  There is plenty that has already been said by other reviewers so there's no need for me to repeat all of the wonderful praise that Tokyo Boys truly deserves.
3	Good tasting fish/food but service not so great. I got all my food (bento box and 3pc Saba) before my daughters miso soup came out. We were the only two people in there and I couldn't get her attention and she said "yea coming.. " How is fried food faster than soup? Other than that quality is pretty good though.
2	For my birthday, I wanted sushi. We decided to try a new place. I had found Tokyo Boys on here, and it looked promising, so we gave it a try.We were seated and given menus immediately. The selection wasn't great, but the prices were decent. Full rolls ranging from 4.99 to 15, with options to deep fry or bake for 2 dollars more. The service was not good. We sat for 30 minutes before the server came back for beverage order. We informed him then that we were ready to order our food. He said okay and rushed off. 10 minutes later we still hadn't been waited on. We had to grab him again and finally he sent over the female waitress to take our order. The best part is, we were one of maybe 4 or 5 tables in the whole place being served. There was a group of 10 next to us being served actively, food, beverage, and bottles of sake. I hate to say it, but to me it seemed they were more interested in them because a) they were spending a lot of money and b)the racial difference, they were laughing and speaking in japanese, and maybe they were regulars? It just really seemed they didn't care about us because of a racial difference. As far as the food goes, it was delicious. I got two rolls that were both pretty satisfying. Even the iced tea was delicious (I'm picky about my iced tea). Unfortuneately, the food wasn't enough to trump the terrible service.1 star for service, 4 stars for food, so I averaged 2 stars. I won't be returning.
5	My boy friend and I came here late one night after work! The service was absolutely amazing. But most importantly the sushi was perfect and FRESH! You can seriously taste the quality in their food! We really loved everything about this place!
4	It was surprisingly good considering that it had the setting was a diner type place for sushi. Kind of on the expensive end for what I thought it was still good
3	Average and a bit overpriced, especially for Henderson. The server and chef were very friendly and courteous.
3	No UNI today - I guess I should have called ahead? We wanted to try it out... Just average at best. Short sushi roll selection. We will not be going back... I approve this message J K Kuhl
2	Some sushi rolls are better than others. Also we ordered the shrimp w/ jalepenos, too saltly and dry do not get this or the Japenese chicken. These are more appetizers for beer than anything else. The sushi was good but the prices do not match the amount of food your paying for.
5	This place is definitely worth it! The sushi chefs were very nice! I asked him if he had crispy rice, but they didn't :( But he made it for me anyways and it was so yummy :) Everything there was absolutely stupendous, I would for sure come back again.
5	Super clean fresh fish!! Best sushi I've had off strip!
5	Sushi is the bomb. They will add on what ever you want. And willing to create whatever your heart desire.
5	Took yelper's advice and got the delicious pork belly & japanese lasagna, I also ordered my favorites agadashi tofu, tuna poke salad, & miso black cod and they were prepared excellently. We arrived early so it was kind of quiet and we received excellent friendly service. Finished our meal with the tempura ice cream (also delicious) and looking forward to our next visit.
4	Hidden Gem, authentic food. Service could be better but I think it is hard to staff when they don't have many who make reservation. All in all very good.
5	Never judge a book by it's cover. That's what I learned today when I walked inside Tokyo Boys and saw two, actual, Japanese men behind the sushi bar. This is huge. Japanese people take pride in what they do and work every single day to improve their skills, especially with sushi. It is extremely rare to find that level of commitment at any sushi restaurant in the US and I've had the honor to taste it at Tokyo Boys. If you want to eat a bunch of low grade cheap sushi go to another place. If you want competitively priced sushi that smashes the competition in quality, taste, and texture go to Tokyo Boys. Even the Ebi tasted amazing. I got the sushi lunch special and always eat the Ebi first since it's usually low grade. When I tasted it here, I knew this place was something special. The search for my regular sushi spot has ended with the best sushi I've ever tasted. A million hand shakes Tokyo Boys. Well done.
5	Poki salad was very good and so is Ama Ebi. Service was excellent. Overall, it was a very positive experienced. I will go back again and I recommend it to anyone.
5	Fell in love from just the outside decor itself. Old school diner look doing Japanese food?! Win!I had their poke salad but saw my companions eat the sushi. The quality was superb, the color of all the fishes you knew it was good sh*#t. They also busted out the uni which had a vibrant color.Def will come back for more.
5	I am a regular here and ive never had a bad experience.  The sushi is consistantly delicious and fresh.  This is not an all you can eat sushi with crazy rolls. The pricing is very reasonable for quality sushi and they have a great lunch deal if u get there before 230.
3	Sushi was exceptional, I mean I had my fix. Also the Tokyo Sparkling cocktail was phenomenal . Only downfall was that the service took FOREVER . Me and my boyfriend arrive around 840, very little customers and quiet for the more part . We simply ordered a few sushi rolls and miso soup , THAT'S IT . I received my first plate of sushi while my bf had nothing. I finished my plate, only to find myself ordering more . I had to inform the server up bring the food all at once, but Unfortunately the miso soup took such an extended time (due to them making a fresh batch) we ended up canceling that order and asking for the check. Overall as a first time customer great food and staff, but their deliverance of food sucked and she should've informed us about the soup, otherwise things would've worked out .
4	Sushi was great. Loved the cucumber salad. All around a really good sushi place. Def going back sometime.
5	Great sushi, great vibe, great staff! This is our go to place for sushi. Their rice in particular is exquisitely executed, flavor and texture is divine.
4	We have driven by this place numerous times, but were a bit confused (and turned off) by the diner motif.  Big mistake.  Took the plunge tonight and man, what a treat!  EXCELLENT sushi and gyoza.  Great selection here, from $6.00 sushi rolls to $100 sashimi plates, with everything in between.  Very friendly service, too.  We arrived a few minutes after 5:00 p.m. (when they open) and by 5:30 it was becoming quite crowded. Not only is the diner location quirky, the stereo tunes (Aerosmith, Led Zeppelin... were unexpected.  And enjoyed)  I have heard others talk about true, fresh, sushi and now that I've eaten here I'm not sure I've ever had true, fresh sushi.  Until now.  Highly recommended.
5	What a little gem! I've driven by this place so many times and always thought it was a weird building for a Japanese restaurant...I didn't think it would actually be good! But I was in for a great surprise. The staff was super friendly and all of our food arrived to our table quickly. They play oldies and I love how they kept it looking like an old school diner in the inside!  It was clean and of course the food was delicious. Everything tasted really authentic. When you go there, definitely get the Japanese lasagna. You won't regret it!Side note: we ate here around 9:30pm. I read some reviews about the service being slow. Maybe it depends on the time of day? We had no issues with slow service during this time :-)
5	This place has amazing late night sushi the service is awesome and they always make me feel welcome even when its really late and I'm tired and I just got off of work I will always come here for late night sushi
4	Needed a late night sushi spot to meet some friends on a whim on a Tuesday night and was pleasantly surprised to see that Tokyo Boys was open until really late!I wasn't too hungry so I settled for a Tiger Roll while my friends ordered a variety of other rolls, chicken teriyaki bento box, and a sashimi rice bowl. We basically shared everything so I was able to taste a little of each.The bento box presentation was great. The salad dressing was delicious and chicken well cooked and not overdone. I wasn't too impressed with the tiger roll, the shrimp tempura inside of it was cold and a bit soggy. A little disappointing, but still good. However, the sushi was not cheap and the nigiri was priced by each piece rather than an order of 2 pieces which I'm more used to. The fish was very fresh and the service was good though, so I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for good quality late night eats.
