5	I have to give these guys the highest marks. I have been eating a no sugar, no flour diet for a while now (eating like a caveman!), so I am used to getting the weird and annoyed looks when I ask what is in the food or salad dressing. But I have to say these guys at Smashburger must have a corporate culture that teaches... "make the customer happy" and do it in a "happy way". Everyone from top to bottom went out of there way to get my questions answered and give me sugestions on how to order to accommodate my eating style.  The food was good and fresh, and since they moved in right across the parking lot from my office, I will be eating there a lot. They gave me a hint that you might want to try, if you want to avoid the salad dressing ask for the Smash Sauce (olive oil they use for the fries) that has some herbs already in it, then use the fresh lemon slices and make your own dressing. Way to go Smashburger!
5	First time in and it was WONDERFUL!!!! I will be back for sure!!
5	This place is excellent! I don't know what they put in their burger but I think they are the best I ever had!Service was even better, The place was packed however took care of us very well!I wish their new business years of success!I am so excited to have a new restaurant like this close to us in NE Mesa! Have the fried pickles you wont be disappointed!
5	Awesome visit! It was super packed in there but the two cashiers got through the massive line quickly. When it was our turn, the cashier Savannah was super nice and helpful! Our food was fantastic and the employees that were bussing the tables were also really cheerful. I will absolutely go back and tell all my friends in the process. Go eat here!
5	Went to Smashburger last week with my dad for the first time. That location just opened and he lives five minutes away. He admitted that he's been there 5 times in the last 7 days!!!I was very impressed. Tasted like a burger I had in Beverly Hills for $50!Very fresh, outstanding flavor. The Smash fries were awesome also.Nice environment. A little noisy, but that adds to the experience. The staff is all great; very attentive and all seem to truly be enjoying themselves. The only very minor critique I could come up with is they need to find somewhere else to plug in their rechargeable vacuum cleaners; just looked a bit tacky near the public restrooms while the rest of the place is very polished; I'm guessing they're way ahead of me on this! Will I be back? You bet! My only concern is that my dad will be having breakfast, lunch and dinner there!
5	Great burgers and fries, close to home. Much better then 5 Guys.
5	Finally got a chance to visit the new Smashburger and OMG it was THE BEST BURGER EVER! Okay, maybe not ever, but wow that burger was so awesome.  Cooked perfectly, very juicy and hot. YUM!  Went perfectly with the ice cold chilled mug of Bud Light!  My waistline can't afford to eat hear very often but already I can't wait to go back. Wow.  Can't say enough-loved it!
4	We finally tried Smashburger, it's been the talk of the neighborhood.  Living in the vicinity and it's so exciting to have someplace new to try.......we couldn't get in the 1st few weeks, lines out the door.  We 1st tried calling in our orders, but the phones were constantly busy.  NOW...1st go on smashburger.com and join the smashburger club.  You will receive a coupon for a free entree, basically buy one burger, get one free.  Week 3-we decided we would order out, so we called in our order and they said it would be ready in 10 mins.  Yipppeeee!  We order the Classic, Truffle Mushroom Swiss and smash fries.  OMG....so delicious.  Now, we know what all the rave is about.  The burgers were cooked perfectly and everything including the bun was delicious.  One note...the fries were a little cold, but we nuked them for approx. 20-25 seconds...they were awesome.  The atmosphere is not that impressive, so take it to go.  The staff was very friendly and our order was ready when we got there.  We will be back now that we are in the smashburger club.  No special passwords or hand shakes needed.
5	burgers are good and the smash fries are the best
5	We finally went to Smashburger after our daughter told us how fantastic it was.  I wasn't convinced it was my kind of place.  But shame on me.  I love the fact you can pick your burger size.  And the rosemary and sea salt fries are beyond good.  Beer is cold.  Food is awesome.  Service is enthusiastic and friendly.  My kind of place after all.
5	Once you've tried a burger here, you'll never want a hamburger anywhere else!
3	I've been hearing about this place for awhile and I just don't see it. Will take Five Guys over this place anytime. The hamburger wasn't horrible, just so greasy, it was running down my arm. I would expect this at the Heart Attack grill. We also ordered the chili cheese fries. Was told it was enough for two people, and there was three of us, so got one order. That order of fries was about the size of a medium at McDonalds, and it was not much different from McDonalds either. (other than the chili and cheese) For the price paid, ($33 for 3 hamburgers, drinks and 1 fries, I will pass on this place and head for Carls Jr or jack in the Box!
3	Good food, clean, with a friendly helpful staff.  Price seems a little high for the caliber of food.  Would give it 3.5 stars.
5	I am in the process of moving down to Arizona from Utah, where I first fell in love with Smashburger.  I love the flavor of their burger!  It was a bit of a drive from Gilbert, but well worth the trip.  My only complaint was that the counter girl who took my order was clearly not schooled in customer service and seemed disinterested in even being there...if that experience were to continue, I would likely not return often, as a smile and a greeting is the minimum standard that I expect for service, even at a burger joint.  Thankfully, the burgers were so good that I forgot all about the bad service at the counter, and enjoyed my meal.  In addition, there was a person who came by and brought my wife and mother-in-law complimentary lettuce and tomatoes for sandwiches that did not normally include those items, and did so at no charge.  I was very impressed with their desire to make us happy, which far outweighed the poor attitude of the teenage girl who took our order.  The regular fries and sweet potato fries were very good.  My mother-in-law had a chocolate shake, which she loved!  The prices are high for a burger joint, but in my opinion it is well worth it, just for the flavor...and I recommend the mushroom swiss burger  I love that I will be able to continue my love affair with Smashburger now that I live in Arizona!  Five stars from me!!
5	Really, really good and fresh ingredients. Feels a lot less greasy than other burger places.
3	Burger had a good home grilled taste, kids hot dog was good tasted like a Costco hot dog, smash fries had zero garlic taste, and the Az Cobb was very fresh but not exceptional. Overall good food but not worth the money. Did NOT have any ice cream but that did look good.
5	My first time to a Smashburger joint, and boy was I impressed.  I really wish this chain was where I live, near Seattle, WA.  A really good burger, fries, and a soda manages to stay under $10 (at least here in Mesa, AZ).  What makes Smashburger a cut above the likes of Five Guys and Fatburger?  It's one word - FRESH.  Everything with the burger is top quality, fresh ingredients.  The Arizona Burger had delicious and fresh tomato, onion, avocado, and chipotle mayo.  You can tell the burger patty is fresh and probably hand made, and the egg buns are great.  The fries are also a special treat, with olive oil, rosemary, and garlic.  Yummm!Smashburger is truly "As good as it gets" for a burger joint!  Fatburger and Five Guys make pretty good burgers, just not as good as Smash... and only Five Guys comes close in the fries category.
4	Was in town for the weekend and needed a quick lunch. I had the Arizona burger and the rosemary garlic fries. All around a good burger and fries at a good price. I'm a fan.
5	I'm sold!  Ordered take-out and everyone loved their burgers!  Superb black bean veggie burger.  Just really great food.
5	My first and second time to this restaurant where excellent.  Great Food , great beer,one of the best hamburger places you can choose Period.  Can't wait to go back!
5	Went there today with the family for the first time based on the great yelp review; well worth it!  The place is clean, the staff is friendly, and the food was excellent.  Definitely will go there again!
3	It is Smashburger, where they smash the lights out of your burger, throw a jalapeno on it and call it Arizona __something or another. It's cool for a quick bite. That's about it.
5	THE most Awesome Burger I have ever had at a restaurant! If you are not Starving then don't order the Big size...its huge...but oh so juicy and delicious. Thank goodness they provide a big stack of napkins at your table because you will need them. One order of fries is plenty for two people too.The restaurant was bright, clean, and packed! The service was great...very friendly people. And the food came to our table fast!We will definitely be back :-)
3	This place is OK. I love their burgers and I like how many toppings and combos they have.However, I was a little annoyed the last time I went here because I asked for my arizona burger as a salad and it came on a plate with 1 leaf of lettuce and barely any guacamole. I went back and said I'd be happy to pay for a bowl of lettuce, and instead I got a tiny side tray of greens. My burger was still pretty good, but I was annoyed that I wasn't able to get what I'd asked for. How hard is it to have a "burger in a bowl" option? And you'd think with all the gluten-free/low-carb customers smash burger must have that they would make this option convenient and appealing to their customers, instead of just plopping meat patties onto plates.
4	Downgraded to four stars, because they messed with my favorite burger and turned the mushroom swiss into a truffle burger of some kind.  If you like the more pungent, earthly taste of truffles, then maybe this burger is for you.  I do not.  So, while I still like the other menu choices, the old mushroom swiss flavor was my favorite...not any more.
4	My fav burger place! Love the smash fries!
5	Is there a better burger joint in AZ? I think NOT!
3	This place not bad. Pretty good for a burger place. Burgers were delish! I got the bacon cheeseburger  on multigrain bread. Really yummy! The reg fries were good. Don't bother ordering the shoe string onion things .. They're freaking oily and a waste of money. The rosemary fries are ok but too too oily. The prices are ok a bit much for a burger. $5.99 for bacon cheeseburger $2.99 for reg fries. $6.99 I believe for the bigger version of the AZ burger which my bf said was pretty good.
5	Very very good burgers! I love that you can put fried eggs on them too. If you want a very greasy but tasty burger try this place, it will not disappoint.
5	Smashburger is a wonderful place for a great burger.  We used to go Fuddruckers but now go to Smashburger.  My wife and I split the Big Burger with grilled onions, lettuce and tomato.  the Burger tastes wonderful.  You do not need to add Ketchup or anything else to it.  The big burger is plenty for the two of us. The regular fries are thin and nice and crisp.  I am not a fan of sweet potato fries but my wife says that they are excellent.   We probably go at least once a week.  I complete the on-line survey and get my fries for free.   The Grandkids are fans also.  The staff are always warm and friendly.   The only thing that would make us happier is if they offered 1/2 regular and 1/2 sweet potato fries.
5	Went for the first time the other day and I'm addicted. Fries and a regular-sized burger will run you about $10, but it's absolutely worth it. The sweet potato fries were perfect and I'm still having day dreams about the burger days later. Perfectly greasy and flavorful patty, perfectly melted cheese, and that bun - the carb addict in me couldn't be happier. Can't wait to go back, and I'll definitely be getting a milkshake next time... you can get it in Nutter Butter flavor. This was a thing I didn't know I needed, but now I really need it.Oh yeah, and the service was great. Everyone was cheerful and friendly. Couldn't ask for more.
5	5 stars for the dark haired man working the cash register. I'd buy a truckload of burgers and fries from him any day. I don't think he would fit in my take out bag.Yes, great restaurant....excellent service, clean & organized restaurant, and great tasting food!
5	Smash burger doesn't disappoint me. Burgers are always on point. I just found out today that there's this spot. I don't have to drive all the way to Tempe. This spot is only 2+ miles away from me. This is one of my cheat meal spot. Wifey and kids loves it. Over all experience was great. Everyone is helpful.
4	Oh Smashburger...where have you been all my life??? I would say these are the best burgers ever! So juicy and so delicious! The haystack onion rings and regular fries are great. The garlic rosemary fries are okay, just not my cup of tea. Shakes are delicious. I haven't tried it but they also serve alcohol here, you can't beat a burger and a drink! Now for the service. The dark haired girl at the register could use some lessons in delivery/communication. She came off super snotty. I don't think that was her intention, she is young so that may be the reason. There was a runner in the dining area named Alexis (I think) and she was AMAZING! She was super helpful and very friendly...you're going places Ms. Alexis, keep up the good work. Bottom Line: Super awesome burgers, check this place out for sure. Try one with an egg or with avacado, it makes the burger even better! Yummy! :)
5	Love this place.  It's very busy, though, and you can expect a wait: especially if you go on a Friday or Saturday.  Good luck finding parking!  The staff are friendly and courteous, the restaurant is clean, and the food is superb.  May I recommend the avocado bacon burger with bleu cheese and a side of haystack onions?  The buns are soft and fresh and the meat is flavorful.  I'm not a huge fan of the fries - they are the skinny kind and I prefer something thick, but when you can have haystack onions instead for 30 cents more, who cares?
3	With all the 5 star ratings I was really keyed up to try a Smashburger. Here's what I found:+'s  My burger was cooked to perfection,(if you don't care for pink in the middle, ask for well done) the onion, lettuce & tomato was fresh & crisp. We liked the hamburger bun.Three kinds of tea! Clean booths and the music was at a level that we could talk to each other. The service was friendly and helpful.. -'s:  Great fries can make up for a lame burger and maybe fair service, but  little inch long or shorter matchstick fries are the ruin of a good burger place.. The smash fries aren't anything extra and we wound up dunking them and our fingers in ketchup. Over $17.00 for 2 burgers,a rather small order of fries and an ice tea. We lucked out on parking. I can see that parking would be an issue where they are busy. Wish we had tried the haystack onion rings. No Veterans discount. I signed up on the internet for the Smashclub and was hoping for a discount coupon, Didn't happen  Wanted to give a four, but there are better out these at about half the price.
3	The food is really good, but we had one big complaint.We tried calling their phone to order take out ahead of time, and it was constantly busy. We decided to drive down and make the order at the shop. The line was long, and we decided to try calling again, to see if they picked up the phone. We STILL got the busy signal, but THERE WAS NO ONE IN THE KITCHEN USING A PHONE. We're starting to think that during their busy rushes they keep the phone off the hook to avoid taking phone orders, because this is not the first time we haven't been able to get through on their phone. This is a horrible business practice.
2	I don't know what all the fuss is about, burgers are boring , the fries are basic the smash fries have way too much rosemary . Two burgers and one order of fries almost $17 , no thanks
5	I am home recuperating feeling sorry for myself.   But my lovely wife stopped by Smash Burger and brought me a FANTASTIC big burger with Avocado and bacon.   That was the best medicine I could been prescribed.   Juicy, flavorful. Perhaps the medical profession should take note.   ;-):-)
4	Love the olive oil fries and great tasty burgers. The bad is the prices, they can be a bit pricey.
4	Best burger spot around the area. Great service,  tasty burgers, and the prices aren't bad
5	The staff here were very friendly. However, what impressed me was the alternative choices on the menu. I found that black bean vegetarian burgers were available and that potato-based french fries could be substituted with green bean and carrots fries. It may cost a little more to eat healthier, but I think it's worth it. Now that I see this is not a typical burger joint, I think I may eat here more often.
4	We go to Smashburger every other month or so. We do find their burgers, salads and fried pickles delicious! Friendly and efficient staff as well. The only thing that drives me  nuts though is that we all usually order different sides and they never come in the same basket as the burger/ sandwhich it was ordered with. I don't understand how this happens but it does Every Single Time! But we still go back because the food is great.
4	Solid burgers.     Really like the bread and topping options.   Always served hot.    They do a nice chicken sandwich for health conscious days.     Very good shakes as well.    The herbal iced tea is a rare find and is a nice blend w a hint of spice
4	Absolutely delicious!  I ordered the chicken avocado club, almost entirely based on the 2nd picture posted here.  Unfortunately, I hardly got any avocado like in the picture.  Otherwise, the burger was great.  The sauce was so good! It had amazing flavor and a generous portion of chicken.  Fries were also wonderful.  I will definitely come back to Smashburger and try other menu options.  Next time I hope to get some avocado on the chicken avocado club!
3	Way way way way way way too noisy. Food is good. They need a bigger space. I might give two stars but the food is good. There must have been sun spots or something. The have salt and pepper on the tables, which was good to see.
1	Never will go back. We ordered our food and my boyfriend got his burger first. By the time he was done eating I finally got mine. We ordered milkshakes and didn't get those until we were finished with our meals. All of our food was cold. The smash fries are gross. Seriously, mcdonalds would have been a lot better.
5	I only have great things to say about this place!  I've been here multiple times and the staff is super friendly and helpful with everyone.  They go out of their way to help with getting us a kids seat too.  The prices are what you would expect for a good burger place and food is phenomenal.  I like the AZ burger and their sweet potato fries are great.  This is probably my favorite burger chain in the valley.
2	Tried to have dinner here tonight but had to leave. We arrived at 6:45, waited about 10 minutes to order...only one person was taking orders. The dining room was less than half full, the patio even less so.Our beverages were delivered promptly. That is where the fun stops. We waited over 35 minutes and still no food. I asked for a refund. I would have been happier if the shift manager would have picked up the price of the beverages; as a customer service, but that did not happen. On the plus side, the beer was served in a frosty mug and the "Nutter-Butter" milkshake was delicious. I wish I could have reviewed the burgers!
1	While I enjoy the food at Smashburger, this location consistently disappoints.  There is often a line approaching the door, yet one cashier to take orders.  Often, many just turn around and walk out.  They'll gladly take your money, but won't bother to tell you that the kitchen is backed up for 45 minutes!  I've never once seen someone that appears to be an owner let alone someone who appears to have any investment in the customer experience here.  Instead the "manager" is a 20 year old kid managing his/her friends and clearly doesn't have any authority to make decisions let alone comp customers for a 45 minute wait for food.  They only tool is to simply offer an apology.  That's not good enough.  I think I finally learned my lesson that this location is a waste of time and money and don't plan on being back.  I even sent the owner an email when his employees were running around the kitchen and the dining room in socks, yet he didn't have the decency to return the message.  Clearly his attitude is not to retain customers, so I'll happily lead the pack of those exiting and steering clear of this Smashburger.  One star because Yelp won't allow anything less, and the food is pretty good.  I love the idea of veggies and grilled chicken, but sadly the "service" at this location is consistently the worst I've ever experienced.
2	I ave eaten here twice and they have gotten the order wrong both times. The service is so slow that by the time I get my burger it's cold.  Both times they have also gotten the order wrong but rather than bring it up and wait a lot more longer I just ate it.  It seems that they are understaffed and it's hurting their service.  Lots of dirty tables.
5	Worker Taylor is super crazy awesome! Made my first experience here good! Foods good too! Also workers are pretty cute
5	Probably the best buffalo chicken (crispy) sandwich I have ever had! crispy on the outside, tender and juicy inside, crumbled blue cheese,  hot sauce, beautiful sliced tomatoes and lettuce on an awesome roll.
2	Yesterday ordered to go from this smashburger restaurant and when we got home we had someone else's order, nothing that we ordered.  My husband took it back to them and they wanted to give him the bag that was supposed to be ours but was cold, the fries were cold and the burgers and the milk shake melting.  He asked them to make a new order and they did but they gave us raw hamburgers.  The inside was pure red.
5	Absolutely love this place! It's my favorite, hands down! If you like avocado, try their burger! The fries are exceptional and there is no burger place that offers anything close (rosemary and olive oil)!
4	Besides pizzerias, this is one of our favorite kid friendly places to eat while in Mesa, AZ. The burgers, fries and shakes just hit the spot (like In n Out back home). The seating situation at this location is way better than the location in Mesa, AZ.
3	It's important to know that Smashburger is more than just burgers.  As someone who doesn't eat hamburgers, I had never thought to check this place out until now.  You can get any of their burgers as either a grilled or crispy chicken sandwich.  Win!  (They also offer a veggie burger).  I ordered the local special, which came with pepper jack cheese, guacamole, and jalapeno slices.  Everything was very fresh, even the guacamole.  I was a little surprised at the size of the crispy chicken breast, as it seemed a tad small - I guess because I'm used to the super-sized ones you get at a lot of restaurants.  It was certainly more than enough food, just caught me off guard.Overall, it was a very good sandwich, and I enjoyed the sweet potato fries as well.  The only reason it gets 3 stars instead of 4 is that it's a little on the pricey side.  $12 for my sandwich, a water, and some sweet potato fries.  Not going to break the bank, but enough that I couldn't eat here for lunch every day.  I will say though that for the occasional treat it is worth it.  I do feel that the freshness and quality of the food justifies the price.
5	Cheap burgers... love it, the original is the best. Burger sizes are definitely decent  , but the salads here are a little small even with the added on grilled chicken. I was still hungry after I finished my salad and even considered getting a burger to take home to eat, but decided not to since I was going to bed soon. Shakes here are my favorite though, they are made with haegan daaz ice cream and they are the best, they even come with a little extra (whatever didn't make it to the glass) this reminds me of getting served a giant milk shake with the extra in diners back home in San Francisco when I was a little girl.I would recommend strawberry. =)
2	For $40 I'd expect them to get my order right. My hubby hates onions and I wanted extra guacamole on mine. Of course my hubby and I didnt order the same thing, but they removed the onion and added the guac onto the opposite burgers. The burger itself was not seasoned (a lil salt and pepper goes a LONG way) and the fries were nothing exceptional. Just seemed like a lot of money for something so average with bad service.
