4	If your reading this review of a Midwest bagel shop and thinking to yourself "Midwest?  Bagels?  Pshaw!", stop right now and throw your monitor/MacBook out the nearest window.With those naysayers gone, let me continue.  I've been to Manhattan and I've had the bagels, and yes, they're pretty good. Down on Mifflin street, I've had something that tasted just as good minus the NYC stink of man urine.Good bagels.  Good meat.  Good coffee.   All for under $5.  Naysayers can suck it.
4	I'm a native New Yorker and can be quite high-maintenance when it comes to a bagel shop, so you may want to take this review with a grain of salt.  Or it may give you insight.  Either way...The bagels themselves are awesome.  Barring visits back home and care packages my mother sends, I seriously have not had a bagel this good since I moved to Wisconsin 9 years ago.  They even have salt bagels, which can be hard to find.However, let's do a little comparison, shall we?http://tinyurl.com/ysa7fk (NY Bagel shop menu)http://tinyurl.com/2bwvra (Gotham menu)Gotham is WAY overpriced compared to what I'm used to in a normal NYC or Long Island bagel shop.  I was absolutely shocked at the prices.  To give a few examples:--The Williamsburg is $9.50 at Gotham vs. $5.69 for the equivalent in NY.  And both places use Boar's Head meats, so that's not the issue.  The amount of meat is definitely not the issue, either.  You get more in NY.--My favorite, a sesame bagel with scallion cream cheese, is $3.00 at Gotham, vs. $2.16 for the equivalent in NY.  And I shouldn't even say "equivalent," because the amount of cream cheese a real NYC or LI bagel shop will put on a bagel puts Gotham to shame - so at Gotham, you pay more for less.--For a bagel with plain cream cheese and a 12oz. coffee, you'll pay a total of $3.75 vs. the $2.07 breakfast special in NY.--The flavored cream cheeses (particularly the scallion) are a little runny and also quite overpriced - $6.25 for 8oz vs about $3.60 in NY.  Granted, it's made from "premium artisanal" cream cheese, but there's just not enough of a taste difference to justify the price difference.  They have the flavor absolutely nailed, but for that price, I'll make my own.--Any self-respecting bagel shop in NY trying to charge $9.50 a dozen will throw in at least 6 bagels free, sometimes more.  The one my mom frequents does buy-a-dozen-get-six for $7.95, and buy-a-dozen-get-a-dozen on Sundays.--And come on - $3.00 for a cup of fresh-squeezed OJ?  $1.50 for a can of soda? Try a $1.39 pint of Tropicana or YooHoo or a 75-cent can of soda.The day my husband and I went in together, we spent a grand total of $40 for items what would have cost around $25 total at a shop on Long Island.  And to top it all off, I ordered another container of cream cheese to go before we left, and the girl behind the counter took the orders of at least 4 more people before she got my container of cream cheese.  That would NOT have flown in NY.  I've been told that the owner was born on Long Island and raised in Brooklyn.  If this is true, he needs to get back to his roots and stop gouging his customers.Despite the drawbacks, the bagels will bring me back - but only as an occasional treat.  If you're a native NYer like I am, you'll fall in love with the bagels, but the prices are just crap.
3	Updating the previous review .... .  While I still think that there are some flaws such as:- Overpriced- SLooooooooooooOW service- They really don't know how to brew Illy coffee- Bagels are not that greatGotham does have "good food." Bagel itself is so-so in my opinion, but their salads, fresh squeezed juices, and the specials such as homemade black bean burger are pretty impeccable. So now I'm realizing that maybe I was overly critical before. And the staff, they're very pleasant people. I do appreciate how they greet their customers with enthusiasm. If the coffee and the slow service problems are solved, I can be a fan of Gotham in no time.
4	This is the premier bagel shop in Madison. The bagels are excellent with great texture and freshness. They have a great variety of cream cheeses that compliment the bagels perfectly. The service is great and they also have an great sandwich selection. I'm definitely a repeat customer and highly recommend Gotham!
1	Right on their menu it states "15 dollar minimum delivery to capital square, 20 dollar minimum to campus". That's great, if they were willing to fricking deliver. I called once at 8:00, he said they were short staffed and couldn't deliver, and that he had someone coming in at 9:30 to make a big delivery, and they would be able to take care of it then. That's fine, I understand, and I tell him I'll call back later. Fast-forward to 9:15, I call back. After overhearing a 5 minute conversation with his whining complaining driver about not wanting to make the delivery, he comes back to the phone and tells me that his other delivery canceled and he just didn't have the extra staff to make the delivery. Now trust me, the pregnant lady stuck at work without her wallet who's been excited about bagels for 2 hours is pretty pissed.Learn how to run a business and please your customers, sir, and if you aren't going to deliver... Take it off your damn menu.
3	Gotham Bagels offers a good, quick, cheap lunch or snack in downtown Madison. The bagels here are fairly high quality and you can mix and match and make interesting bagel sandwiches with a variety of vegetable spreads and also tofutti-based spreads.I had a "V" sandwich on a toasted garlic bagel ($4.28 with tax) which consisted of arugula, tofutti-scallion spread, tomatoes, avocado, and roasted poblano peppers. It was pretty tasty and quite filling and cheap; however, the sandwich is totally overloaded and quite messy to handle, which forced me to use at least a few napkins (better to eat these sandwiches sitting down at a table, not on-the-go or in the car).The location in downtown Madison is good, though the place closes too early (3 p.m.). One other suggestion for improvement: add some mockmeat options, such as fakin' bacon and Tofurkey; Gotham's vegan options are good, but don't go far enough.
3	These bagels are really good. Not great, but really very good.  I just think it's insane that they are so expensive.  $2.50 for a bagel and cream cheese?  That's RIDICULOUS.  $10.50 for a dozen?  WTF?  It just bothers the shit out of me that I could get similar quality bagels in other cities for like half the price.  Nine bucks for whitefish!?!?!   25 dollars a pound for lox?  Oh, and they've got dr. brown's celray.  I love that crap.
1	This review is for the park street location.  My significant other and I went here and both got sick.   We shared an egg salad sandwich on a bagel.  A few hours later we both had seriously upset stomachs. No, I don't have any kind of absolute proof or anything, but it was all that we ate for the day at that point, and it seems highly coincidental that we'd both suffer from the exact same symptoms at about the same time.  It took us out of commission for the rest of the day.  The egg salad did taste a little funky, and we probably shouldn't have eaten it, but we both assumed that the taste had something to do with an herb or spice they added.  I guess we were wrong.  I hope Gotham bagels will make sure to use only fresh egg salad from now on.  We're not going to mess with it again.  Groannn.
1	Although the bagels we got from Gotham were pretty tasty, our experience with them as a whole was incredibly disappointing.  My husband and I had them (the Mifflin St. location) cater a few simple breakfasts during our wedding weekend. Although all they had to do was deliver two dozen bagels literally a quarter mile, they were over an hour late on two of the three days, and brought all the wrong kinds of bagels on the third day. Moreover, the service was shockingly bad when my husband placed the initial order, and they never brought a final receipt to show how much we would be charged. When I called a week or so after the wedding to ask about the final charge, and to offer some comments on the service, I was told the owner would call me back within two hours. He never did. And when I called back a second time a few days later, I was assured that the owner would call me just as soon as he returned. You can guess how that turned out...I never heard back.  I will certainly never give Gotham Bagels my business again, and I'd recommend you stay away as well.
3	Gotham Bagels did finally get back to me, after we wrote a long letter with our complaints. The owner called me back and told me he'd left me a voice-mail (which I never got), that they'd fired the terrible employee, and that he'd give me a gift certificate to try to make up for my bad experience. So. At least they tried to remedy the situation.
1	Thanks Gotham, for single-handedly destroying the beautiful Sunday morning. In a past, I did have complained about the slow service, but never mind about that. Because this morning's unexpected rude awakening by the cashier just ranked #1 on my list of bad food service experience. I don't know what went wrong, but if I'm paying $25/pound for lox and putting few changes in the tip jar, is it really unreasonable to expect a courtesy service, or at least an average one?To be fair, during the week day mornings, I do receive nice "good morning" and equally pleasant service. Maybe Sunday is a bad day. Maybe the cashier girl wasn't fully awake, or maybe, I shouldn't bother picking up bagels from them altogether.
1	Flies everywhere....Gross... The bagels themselves aren't bad, but not fantastic either and you get enough cream cheese for 2 bagels on the one you order too. While I haven't gotten sick or had terrible service like some of the other people, the whole experience of eating while flies circled my head was enough to make me never return.
1	The people running the register are so extremely rude.  Service is terribly slow, and you constantly see people behind you getting served before you.  My girlfriend got an egg bagel and I ordered a normal bagel and cream cheese.  Surprisingly, her's was done before mine was, and I realize after the fact that I saw it sitting there ready to serve for five or ten minutes before anyone put cream cheese on my bagel to complete our order.  They were also extremely rude to my friend and when he tried to use his debit card (on a $5 order) the guy asked him if he had cash instead.  Who does that?  He eventually accepted the card so obviously it wasn't against policy or anything.Never again will I go there.
5	Love Gotham Bagels. When I have extra cash, I was stop their before work. I haven't had a New York style bagel, but that's how they market themselves and it's 20 million times better than Einstein's at the same price.If I want a bagel sandwich, I always get the G on pumpernickel. The G is egg, cheddar cheese and bacon and it's not like the egg on a McDonald's sandwich, but they actually fry the egg. So delicious. If I'm going to get a bagel, it's usually an everything bagel with plain cream cheese. They have a variety of famous cream cheese, but I'm lame and like to stick with plain stuff. I've never tried any of their other sandwiches, but they look really good (and a little pricey). All the different sides and various delicious looking things behind glass make my mouth water, but I've been too cheap to try them.All in all, Gotham is great for breakfast (hungover or not) and lunch. I wish I could eat there everyday.
5	My girlfriend and I went down to the square on Saturday morning and were going to try the brunch at Marigold's Kitchen.  I'm glad that we stumbled across Gotham Bagels instead because it led to a fantastic breakfast and a good overall experience.The main reason for stepping into the store was because I needed change for the parking meter, and because we couldn't find Marigold's.  The woman behind the counter at Gotham was incredibly pleasant, she had a real down to earth personality and not only did she give me change but she also drew a map on paper of how to get to Marigold's.  This was pretty shocking to me as I was essentially leaving their restaurant for the competition.Well after that gesture, my girlfriend and I looked around and realized that Gotham actually looked fairly good themselves, so we decided to stay and eat.  They had a full deli section of potato salads and other items, and a menu of dozens of different bagel sandwiches.  The furniture was of a nice rustic wooden decor, and there was a TV with the basketball game on at a very appropriate volume.  While we waited for our food, the nice counter lady brought over a cinnamon roll for us (on the house).  It was delicious, and I'm not even a big fan of that type of pastry.  10 minutes later we got our food, two salivating bagel sandwiches with fresh on-the-spot ingredients and uniquely flavored cheeses, sausages, etc (in the sandwich).Overall we had a great time and will for sure be coming back again.  It doesn't look like the place you'd get your daily breakfast from, but it's perfect for a nice Saturday or Sunday leisurely trip.
3	I raved about this place when it first opened. I came with my parents one blustery April morning and got a toasted super egg everything bagel with cream cheese and boy was I hooked. I kept dragging the boy here, weekend after weekend.. but something's happened! The coffee is terrible, the bagels have become smaller, harder, and less toasted! I don't know if this is a consequence of getting more business (I'm glad to see this place packed, because I love me some carbs in the morning), but please go back to your old ways Gotham!! The cinnamon raisin bagels with sultanas made me a convert to the cinnamon raisin clan! Also, the cream cheese is housemade! So yummy. Please turn up the heat on your toaster so that it gets all melty on my bagel again.
1	First business Ive ever had to look up the owner to make sure this wasn't a complete joke.   Way overpriced, rude service, I am disappointed I wasted my time.  Joke's on me, you got me - never again though.
5	The best bagels I've ever had in Wisconsin.  On par with bagels we've had in NYC and Montreal.  They even have salt bagels and bialys, which are both quite hard to find in these parts.They offer plenty of vegetarian and vegan options.  They serve Illy and Alterra (I think) coffee and have great fresh squeezed juices.My usual order is the everything bagel with tofu scallion cream cheese and a fresh squeezed grapefruit juice.Yes, the service can be a bit snarky but whatever, chalk it up to an authentic NYC bagel experience.  And I feel that it has quite improved in the last year or so.also, I've never witnessed the fly problem that so many other reviewers have commented on and this is something I always keep my eye out for.
2	Rachel B identified the bagel, she just didn't know it. These are not NY bagels. Sorry to disappoint you Gotham Bagels, but you are not dense enough to classify yourself as New York. You are more of a Montreal or even a Toronto style bagel, although you are slightly larger than a classic Toronto bagel, like Gryfe's. Yes the name says Gotham, and they have the cute menu that mentions all the clever NYC names, but your bagel is not NY. The bagel is not quite chewy enough, it is not dense enough, the flavor is a little bland. New York bagels are boiled. Montreal bagels contain honey and are baked in a wood fired oven. That is a Montreal Bagel, or a Toronto bagel. You might consider changing your name to Fairmount Bagels, or  St. Viateur bagels. The true New York bagel is dense, chewy and can be eaten completely as it stands, nothing on it, their is a flavor that pops out from the bagel that is undeniably New York. It can not be duplicated, not in Madison, not in Boston, not anywhere. However, it can be made close. Your bagels are too fluffy, too white bread to be a New York bagel. Bagels Forever is a closer NY bagel. Your bagels are good, but your classification is incorrect. Sorry to disappoint Gotham.
4	Great coffee and bagels. The eggplant Parmesan is phenomenal!
4	I've been eating Gotham Bagels for a while now, and while they probably won't win awards for "Most Congenial Staff" I certainly don't think they go out of their way to be rude. Their bagels are pretty darn good, and as a former bagel baker myself, (yes, as in making the dough, forming the bagels, and baking them at 4:30 AM,) I can tell you, there are far worse bagels to be had. These are just dense enough, not bricks, nor angel food consistency, quite a feat. If you want standard, "fast service" and cheap prices, I recommend Einstein Brothers. If you want something that tastes good, made by local folks, and maybe a few quirks, then go to Gotham. I certainly will continue my patronage.
4	GREAT bagels! GREAT cream cheese!  My only complaint was the coffee. It tasted like it had been sitting for hours and hours- somewhat like cardboard. It was pretty much undrinkable, and I am not a coffee snob- I'll drink gas station coffee. Of course, here's hoping this was a one-time occurrence.
4	Hands down the best bagels in Madison. Their bagel breakfast sandwiches are made with real, fresh ingredients, putting Einsteins to shame. You'll really taste the difference.We liked the food, service, atmosphere, value, bagels, super tasty food, real italian sausage patties, fresh eggs, food served in charming wicker baskets, smooth espresso, quality wood furnishing, seeing bagels being made, the nice clean space and filling food.We disliked that there were no chairs - only stools, no posted menu, no specific food pickup location, and that the staff was not prepared for unusual requests and obviously were not native English speakers.
2	I haven't been to Gotham in a long time, and now I remember why. A lot of the reason is I just don't care much for the bagels. I prefer a chewy bagel, and every bagel I've ever had from Gotham is dry. I usually order a plain bagel, so maybe their other varieties fare better, but then again if your bagel dough / cooking method can't stand on its own it doesn't instill confidence that I'll enjoy the rest of the selection. I realize, though, that this is a matter of taste; the food has never been bad, but it's never wowed me either.The immediate go-to argument is that I've never had a NY bagel, but I have. I lived out east for several years, and while I won't pretend to be a bagel expert I have had some darn good bagels. So again, it's fine - a lot of kids I know eat there weekly if not more often, so try it for yourself and see if it's your thing.What drops the rating from three stars to two is the service. It's always painfully slow. It took somewhere between ten and fifteen minutes for me to get my untoasted bagel with cream cheese. The orders came out in the order they were placed, which is nicely democratic, I suppose, but while people's sandwiches etc were cooking in the back, why not quick slice my bagel and spread some cream cheese on it? It takes literally a minute, maybe two if you've got to grab a clean knife or something. I had the day off and thus the leisure of sitting around, but if I'd just stopped in to grab something quick (like, you know, an untoasted bagel with cream cheese) it'd have been really frustrating. On Farmer's Market Saturdays, I've waited nearly 45 minutes to get my food. Part of the wait could be remedied by hiring a couple more people to work the counter, or putting the people there to use. There were a couple guys back by the grill, one guy slicing & wrapping (and seeming like it was his first day on the job), and two people at the register. One was a friendly girl who just stood there, and the other was a somewhat salty, no-nonsense guy who is presumably the owner (I'm basing this on his chef's jacket). Maybe her actual job is to temper the owner's curt demeanor?While the owner wasn't rude, exactly, he also seemed borderline annoyed that I was wasting his time by ordering food. Sorry for wanting to fork over my money to you, sir. Won't make that mistake again! One person pointed out that rudeness is what people might expect from a New York-themed place, but I've never once been treated that badly by anyone in New York. I will admit that sometimes his sass works in your favor - one of the people I was with wanted ice for the remainder of his coffee, and the seemingly-new guy grabbed a handful and was ready to toss it in when the owner stepped in and said, "What's going on here, what are you doing?" "He wanted ice for his coffee." "Throw that out. Use the scoop. Come on." Point: owner.The last of my gripes comes with the price. $5 for a plain bagel, plain cream cheese, and medium coffee is kind of ridiculous, especially considering there are no special or expensive ingredients in my order and you get the coffee yourself. I guess I'll just sum things up with my overall feelings toward Gotham: meh.
2	I thought this place had major potential when i saw that they served Dr. Browns soda. I ordered a chicken salad sandwich on a whole wheat bagel. When i received my order it was on bread. I voiced my complaint and I didnt even get an apology. The chicken salad had no flavor....it just tasted like onions and not to mention it didnt even come with lettuce & tomato. The lady behind the counter seemed like that was the last place she wanted to be. The customer service was horrible & the food was just average. I dont think Ill be back.
2	The order takers here don't know anything about customer service and make it clear from their lack of eye contact and indifferent attitude that they'd rather be any place else. The bagels are OK, but not consistently good. Today I saw the owner run his hand through his sweaty hair and then proceed to package up some bagels using his bare hands -- without washing his hands first. So gross. That's enough to make me think twice about going back again.
3	I am happy to have finally tried Gotham! as a new yorker, bagels and deli's are soemthing i STILL miss. I will say this first- bagels are good.. they are NOT as good as NY bagels but closer than anything else in the Madison area.There sammiches are GREAT tho- and I swear I never, ever thought I would get a yummy chicken cutlet sammich unless I was in the Northeast,(mst people don't even know what a chicken cutlet is here!!) and Gotham proved me wrong!Great sammiches, so worth it... I wish we could do half stars.. this is a 3.5 for sure!!
4	I've always had great service and excellent, yummy bagels.  I love the super everything with salmon cream cheese...which they also make fresh.  Be hungry though as they serve monster portions.
4	Hands down the best bagels in Madison.  Nothing else I have had in town should even be called a bagel.  They have great bagel sandwiches too.  This is always our first stop when heading to the farmer's market on saturday morning.  Park St. location is great as well.
1	I used to love this place and would try and frequent it on the weekends--but this place hows gone WAY DOWN HILL!  I keep going back hoping that they get better but no such luck.The service is terrible and they treat customers like you are bugging them when ordering.They ALWAYS get my order wrong ( I get the tofu spread- cant eat cheese) and when I try and get my order fixed they make a fuss.But worst of all- the people making your bagels do not wear gloves. They handle money at the register and go straight to making your food without washing their hands.Terrible. I used to love this place and now I refuse to ever go back.
4	Best bagels in town. They recently have taken the way of the economy and shrunk a bit but still the best! Awesome cream cheese too. This was the first place to bring authentic pastrami to town as well. Oh so good.
5	I lived in New York for 7 years and ate a lot of bagels, and I have to say this bagel is as good as it gets. Gotham rivals, if not beats, any bagel I've ever had in New York and I can't believe I was lucky enough to find this place here in Madison when I came to Wisconsin. I stock up on bagels as much as I can whenever I visit to bring them back Milwaukee.I have visited the Park Street location a few times and I have spoken with the owner more than once. He has always seemed amiable and eager to talk to me about New York and whatnot. I see people on here complain about the rude service but I have to say, I haven't really experienced that. Sometimes the conversation at the register is a bit more terse than maybe people in Wisconsin are used to, but I have never found it to be flat out rude. I'll be back to Gotham for sure.
4	What I would do for a Gotham bagel on a hungover Saturday morning right now...This was a staple for most people who came to UW-Madison from out of state. While it is kind of pricey, it is worth every penny!  The bagels are fantastic. My favorite sandwich is the Eggplant Parm special. My friends love the long-guy land. A regular bagel and cream cheese also cannot be beat.The service is so/so. The lines are long, and I have definitely had some off experiences, but I would go back in a heartbeat.
2	Ugh, I really wanted to keep liking this place but I feel the quality has really gone downhill since they first opened.  No longer as yeasty and chewy as I remember.To add to the annoyance, on my last 3 visits they were out of their everything bagels.  Really? and it was hours before closing time, that's just not acceptable.  That and waiting 15 minutes for 3 bagels w/ cream cheese.  I've noticed the owner dude wasn't behind the counter at these visits so maybe he needs to take the reins again.  I guess I'll just wait for my next visit to NYC for a decent bagel experience again.
5	Conveniently located just a couple blocks from the capitol building, Gotham Bagels prides itself on authentic, hand-rolled, New York-style bagels.  Looking for something healthy yet substantial, I ordered the "V" breakfast sandwich ($4.75), described as "scallion tofu, roasted poblano peppers, tomato, arugula, and avocado on a bagel."  I ordered it on my usual bagel of choice, the everything,only to be told that they were all out of everything bagels.  Just as I thought my dreams had been crushed, the cashier informed me that they did, however, have "Super Egg Everything" bagels.  When I asked what that was, I was told that it was an egg bagel, with all the toppings, PLUS toppings inside the bagel.  So simple, but brilliant, and it was the first I'd seen it.  Enthusiasm restored, I ordered the V on a Super Egg Everything and took a seat.The bagel came out right away, and was served up with a side of two fresh bagel chips.  (Again, such an obvious thing to do, but I've never seen it before!).  The bagel was chewy, but not puffy, just the way I like them.  As for the toppings, I assume that I lost several readers with the words "scallion tofu" where "cream cheese" should rightfully be.  I was skeptical too, but let me tell you, this cream cheese lover was sold.  It was deliciously creamy, somehow cheesy, and I doubt I would have ever noticed had I not known that it wasn't cream cheese.  And if it's a little healthier for me, I'll take it.The roasted poblanos are another ingredient that you don't often see at your average bagel shop, but they were delicious, adding just the right amount of heat to wake you up in the morning.  The avocado was mashed guac-style, which is preferable in my opinion, and the veggies added a nice freshness.  All-in-all, one of the better bagel sandwiches I can recall.Read full review here: http://mattreviewsstuff.com/2012/05/01/gotham-bagels/
4	This Upper Midwest bagel shop is a tempered version of what you'd get on Manhattan's Upper West side. Since NYC bagel shops are the gold standard and obvious benchmark for comparison, I figured I'd contrast the Gotham experience with what you'd get at one of the well-known shops in Manhattan (I live in Madison and travel to NY regularly for family and work).Menu: Caper cream cheese, lox, capicola, matzo ball soup... this place is authentic. A true NY bagel shop is going to be a little more like a deli with whitefish and other kosher items. That said, Gotham's menu is more complex and if you are just talking bagels it actually has a wider variety. There are several predefined egg sandwiches and lunch options. An espresso machine and fresh juices are available to wash things down.Food: Gotham's bagels are a little less chewy than most traditional NY bagels. They are also slightly smaller. That said, the bagels taste great and have a perfect consistency when toasted.The egg sandwiches are probably the default choice for someone looking to cure a hangover. They aren't bad, but they look more appealing on the menu than they actually taste. Cappicola, egg, and cheese sounds amazing, but the bagel is always a little too hard and the egg is cooked more than I'd like. This is on par with what I've had East of the Hudson river.The real staple here is a bagel with cream cheese. I have a couple regular choices: everything bagel with veggie cream cheese; onion bagel with caper cream cheese, lox, and tomato. The only difference and potential gripe is that a bagel shop in NY is going to give you a lot more cream cheese and lox. This isn't a bad thing since I usually end up scraping off a lot of extra cream cheese in that case, but I wouldn't mind getting a slightly heartier server than Gotham currently provides.Price: the bagels are pricey compared to what you might pay at a chain or grocery store, particularly in Madison. That said, a bagel with cream cheese and lox is $8 at Gotham, and roughly $13 at Tal Bagels in Manhattan.Service: most people working there seem like stereotypical New Yorkers, particularly the owner and the guys working the grill and bagel oven. This oddly feels MORE authentic than what you usually get in NYC, where Hispanics dominate the labor force in the food industry.The people working the counter are sort of rude without doing anything that is specifically rude. Perhaps it's just the lack of the smile or any attempt at smalltalk. I think they are playing into Midwestern perceptions of what service in NY is supposed to be like, even though it's not really in line with reality (at least for a bagel shop).There is a decent wait to get your food if it is even remotely busy. If Gotham bagels was located in Manhattan, this would be it's Achilles heel. As another reviewer noted, the orders are served sequentially, so even if you get something simple, they aren't going to touch it until they finish that order of 6 custom bagels for the coasties that were in line in front of you. This isn't Brueggers or Eintein's and you have to have that expectation going in or you are going to get very frustrated. Atmosphere: the dark wood tables and stools have a nice urban feel to them, and overall it's cleaner and nicer than most authentic delis or bagel shops that I've seen in NY. That said, the only real "character" here is from the images of subway stations and other NY landmarks on the wall. Some people might say that it's gimmicky to have pictures of another city up in a restaurant, but they could have gone a lot further with the whole NY theme and thankfully have kept it pretty low key.Conclusion: great location, best bagels I've had outside of New York, and a great breakfast/brunch for under $10. This is definitely worth a visit if you are looking for a solid way to start the day or recover from the day before.
4	I LOVE Gotham Bagels for their bagels and cream cheese. I visit both the Mifflin St. store and the Park St. location. The bagels are big and chewy and taste so lovely when toasted. The everything bagel is my favorite, but they often run out. In that case, I'd get an onion, a garlic, or a poppyseed. Love the scallion cream cheese, as well as many of the others. That everything/scallion combination will definitely give you some bad breath. The tofu spread was not bad, but I'd pick the cream cheese over it every time. The service can be a little brusk and not the friendliest at the Mifflin St. location, but not enough to stop me from coming in at least once a week.
4	Great place near the square to stop in for a quick bagel. Haven't tried any other local bagel places in Madison yet, but this one is pretty good. My roommate assured me that it's as authentic NYC as you can get (outside of NYC, that is).I've had the sesame bagel with salmon and lox, which was outstanding! I've also ordered the everything bagel, which to me is very, very salty. I like that they use sea salt, but come on! I had to pick some of it off, which in turn removed the "everything" from the bagel. I've had this with the salmon cream cheese, which is a nice alternative to the salmon and lox (and less expensive). They seem to have a lot of ingredients for sandwiches and such. Will definitely return to try some of their other options.
5	Gotham has become an institution to me the last few years, serving authentic NYC style bagels that are top quality.  Simply put, the best bagels in the Midwest.The bagels and spreads are always fresh and made right at Gotham.  I've been cycling through combinations to try everything they offer.  I've come to the conclusion that it doesn't matter what you order, as everything is outstanding.  I usually get two bagels; one for breakfast and one for the road - known as the pocket bagel.Gotham is also a deli and has some awesome items in the case.  The freshly squeezed juice is a perfect revitalizer on post-Badger game Sunday mornings.  Also, Gotham serves Alterra coffee, which is amazing in itself.Come early and come often!
4	Went in there expecting badass pictures of batman and joker plastered all over the walls, but was disappointed to find it New York themed. Lame...Anyways, the bagels are fresh and just crispy enough to get a crunch out of it. I love their onion and everything bagels. They also have a ton of smear to try, with several tasty specials. It's a bit on the expensive side when it comes to bagels, but at least you're getting New York quality bagels eh?
3	The owner of Gotham Bagels should be arrested for selling what he calls "bialys." They are an absolute atrocity and aren't remotely close to real ones.I'm calling out the owner right now--no self-respecting New Yorker would call those crappy onion rolls you sell bialys. Take the sign down.Alright, rant over. The bagels are solid (nothing special). Three stars for bagels from me is a good rating, considering this is the Midwest. I found them a little too big for my taste (compared to what we have on the East Coast) but the taste was relatively good. Gotham and Bagels Forever are tied for "Best Bagels in Madison" from me.Oh, and as a sidenote--to employees of Gotham Bagels...you only get to be rude and dickish if you have the food to back it up. That's how we operate back home. You fail in that regard.FYI: If you want bialys (assuming you people know what they are), go to Manna Cafe. They look nothing like real bialys but the taste is fairly close. Note: Only made on weekends.
4	Pretty good bagels for the midwest. Way better than any of the crap that is called "bagel" in Chicago. I like the cream cheeses, the bagel selection is good, and overall, this place makes me a happy New Yorker every time I visit.
2	As much as I love the food at this joint, they have coffee shop syndrome: the service is slow and rude, and many of the employees are way too cool for many of the customers. Every time I've been here it's one problem or another; which is a shame, because I could eat the pumpernickel with scallion cream cheese, everyday. I realize that they're busy at times, but waiting 20 minutes for a bagel with cream cheese is ridiculous, then slowly realizing they forgot to make your order and only to be told they'e out of bagels... at 12:30pm, when they close at 3:00pm? No, I don't want to wait another 10 minutes for a bagel, I'll walk down to Pinkus McBride and get a delicious sandwich. At least they aren't rudely calling out my order and then getting pissed off when it takes me over 20 seconds to get up to the counter.The only thing they could learn from coffee shops, is that they should give "our service sucked today, your next bagel is on us" coupons.
4	When it comes to crispy-outside doughy-inside hand-rolled bagely goodness this place is the real deal. They offer a variety of specials (this weekend they had soft shell crab and sword fish options for their bagel sandwiches, wiggity whaaaat?) and pile the cream cheese to the sky. Oh, and the cream cheese! They offer exotic (well, as exotic as cream cheese gets) flavors like walnut raisin, chimichurri, and olive, plus three tofu flavors. The bagels and sandwiches are super affordable- definitely worth stopping in on your way to work or while perusing the farmer's market on Saturday.
4	I am very confused by people saying that their bagels are too big. They are smaller than the bagels that you get in NYC. There is also no such thing as a bagel that is too big. Obviously, without the magic of New York water, you can't make a real New York bagel. But for the midwest, they're pretty damn close. It's a little pricey, sure, but you get what you pay for.
4	best bagels in Madison. Service is hit or miss
1	Dropping them to one star after receiving this message from the owner:"You should be arrested for your food photos. I can show you how to properly cut, sear, and present food. After you bail me out for making bialys, I want to teach you how to properly sear a scallop. You called me out? I accept. Walk the talk brother man. You can't cook to save your life, don't worry about the bialys."The bagels were solid, but this owner is clearly quite the dick. I may have moved away from Madison, but there's no way I'd recommend anyone going back and supporting this business. Certainly not with attitude.Oh, and fyi: The bialys suck. They aren't bialys, and they certainly don't taste like them.
3	Here's the rub. I go here often and love the bagels! They are the best in town by far. However, the service is excruciatingly slow and inconsistent . I still go there despite this , just not as often as i would normally. I would move this score to a five if they ever remedied this.
2	I have stopped going here. They were out of lox on a Saturday morning, so we went somewhere else, and just never bothered going back. It's too expensive, and they're often out of things. And, with the exception of maybe two guys who work here, everybody else has been rude, short, and seemingly annoyed, in my experience.Also, I got really sick after I last ate here. And I'd had a bagel with cream cheese. How could that go wrong?
4	The Brighton Beach...hard to mess up lox. Good, good, good.
5	It is a known fact that the best bagels in the world come from New York City. Gotham is straight out of NYC, it's no wonder they serve the best bagels, hands down, in all of Madison. Pretty authentic NYC rude service comes with it too. But it's worth it, because the food is amazing. To people who complain about them having a lack of bagel or cream cheese varieties because they "run-out": That's because they cook the bagels fresh everyday, no exceptions. They run out because everyone wants them!!! Stop whining and get to Gotham early.
5	We LOVE Gotham, not just because we are Dark Knight nerds...ahem...fans. Yes, sometimes the parking is difficult, and seating is full, and you need to ask for a bathroom key, but totally worth the extra hassle. The bagels are big, crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside, with great, not too much spread. Our "go to" order is to split a chicken breast bagel sandwich and a sweet type bagel with cream cheese. The chicken is absolutely succulent, cooked perfectly, never dry. We take our out of town guests here for breakfast before walking the farmers Market. A hit with them has been the Pastrami. We love the details they put into their items such as the rosemary infused cranberry juice - items you just can't get anywhere.
5	As a native New Yorker (Long Island to be exact), I can say these are the best bagels I've ever had outside of NYC or the island. There seem to be a lot of haters on here who are too sensitive to the NY attitudes of Gotham staffers. Get over it! Life is too short. Chalk it up as part of Gotham's charm and enjoy the food!
2	Oh Gotham,The dreadful disposition of every person that works there is enough for me to rate you so poorly, but you know what, cranky staff aside, (I guess this is part of your NY shtick?) it's STILL hard for me to give you anything greater than two stars, as all 3 times I've been there, I've left with a botched up order.Now shame on me for not checking orders the second and third time, right... but shame on you for hearing whole wheat bagel with egg and sausage and giving me a whole wheat bagel with bacon and cheese. Short of getting back there and making the thing myself... I'm not certain how to have a stellar experience at your place of business. I could understand if the place was packed. I could understand if you were short staffed and moving quick. I could understand if I was making substitutions to an existing sandwich and the person making my sandwich got confused. I can't understand how when there's no line, 5 visible employees and I choose "Design Your Own" it's so blatantly wrong. And the parking situation isn't conducive to someone driving back there to remedy it, and so for the third time I threw $6 in the trash.But no more. Perhaps if I hear the operation gets tighter, if someone tells me it's worth another shot, I'll go back? But when I do I'll order a plain bagel that I adorn with fixins I have in my fridge. You've programmed me to believe there's no other way.
5	I cannot. BELIEVE. that Gotham only has 3 stars.  As I preuse the reviews, it's pretty apparent that their low rating is mostly due to peoples' opinion of their lack of friendly service.  While I understand that service is incredibly important, I could never bring myself to give a low rating to a restaurant with such perfect bagels.  They're perfect!  I am a bagel fanatic;  I consider New York style bagels to be one of my favorite foods.  I've been to New York multiple times and sought out the best bagels I could find in New York City, and I honestly think that Gotham is right up there with them.  I've lived in Madison for about 7 years now, and I've been a consistent Gotham-goer throughout all of the 7 years.  I've searched for similar New York style bagel restaurants in Milwaukee and Waukesha (where my parents live) and there is absolutely nothing that can compare.  Gotham's bagels are huge, chewy on the outside, soft and doughy on the inside, and just covered in whatever bagel topping you prefer.  My go-to order has always been an everything with scallion cream cheese.  It is so fresh and satisfying that it's hard for me to stray to different menu items.  Being that I've been going there for years, I have tried sandwiches and multiple varieties of their deli salads, and I've never been disappointed (in the least).  Usually, bad service would deter me from writing a positive review, but Gotham always has produced and always will produce the most delicious bagels that I could ever hope to find in Southeastern Wisconsin, therefore I'll continue to love them like I would love an asshole family member.  No one in particular, that I am referring to... and honestly, this isn't the kind of restaurant that you go to to relax and enjoy the service, it's the kind of restaurant that you stop in to grab the best New York bagel in a 100 mile radius and get out.  Take it for what it is, and you won't be disappointed.
1	I went to the Farmers Market to walk around in the glorious warm sun and left with pretty much just carbs...I bought bread, pasta and unfortunately, bagels from Gotham.  The bagels themselves weren't bad...nothing to write home about in my opinion..but not awful.  It was the service that is really why I would never go back.  I waited in line with a friend-she ordered her bagels and then I went to order next and was VERY loudly accused of cutting in line by a rude man who seemed to think he was in charge.  I calmly explained that I was waiting here the entire time and then started to order the bagels but he was extremely short and rude with me the entire time.  No time for that-I'll get my bagels from Bagels Forever instead!
4	Having lived in Madison for many years, I somehow have never stopped into Gotham before. I went this morning and am very upset that I never went sooner. Reading other reviews I didn't expect to be wowed. The "G" bagel sandwich was INCREDIBLE. The capicola and special cream cheese combine for a zesty kick. I would call it flavorful, not spicy. But I love spicy foods. Coffee was excellent as well (Collectivo). Little pricey to make it a place I will frequent (sandwich and bagel were $7), but it was the perfect Friday morning treat. I will be back.
1	Unfortunately, despite having a pretty stellar breakfast sandwich and downtown's only edible (and very delicious) bagel, I will no longer be patronizing Gotham Bagels.Their food is delicious; I've been lucky to have had former employees share some of their delightful deli options with me in the past. The egg and cheddar on pumpernickel with arugula and tomato has been my favorite hangover remedy for a couple of years now. The prices are very fair for their quality and the fact that it is a deli. Those who disagree are encouraged to consider their location and their overhead.However, their service has gone significantly downhill, and they are severely lacking in good management. This morning I swung by before work with my partner. We each ordered an egg and whatever sandwich, grabbed beverages and sat down to wait. I was so excited when the customer prior to us finally got her sandwich, as it was very busy and I was very hungry. Thirty minutes into our visit we realized employees were doing prep work and we still hadn't received our orders. As I was already going to be late to work, we decided to ask for refunds, at which point the manager (maybe the owner) went to the kitchen and realized the printer was unplugged, and the kitchen hadn't received our orders. I thought for sure the young lady who took our orders had seen us sitting sandwichless for much too long after the cook had finished prior orders. The man gave us our requested refund, but I'm upset that my tip money sat in that jar after I had left.One experience is something, but this was the THIRD time in half a year this happened to me. Three strikes, I'm done. I make the best breakfast sandwich in town anyway.As the manager of a retail brick-and-mortar , I am quite disappointed to see a lack of the same care and diligence I put into my store. They really need to put more effort into organization and accountability.But damn, I'm gonna miss those bagels.
5	Easily the best (and most reasonably priced) breakfast downtown. Not to mention, the best bagels in the state.I moved in less than a block away from Gotham about a year ago, and have been going there at least once a week ever since.Their menu is surprisingly creative for a bagel joint, and it seems like there are awesome new specials every time I go in. And I have to disagree with the negative customer service reviews. Of course it does take a few minutes to get my order on busy days, but I've never felt like it wasn't worth the wait. I'm completely surprised at how many people have said that the staff is rude. I have never had a bad experience with how I've been treated at Gotham. I think some people are just a little too sensitive.
5	I'm from NYC and I've been living here for 4 years and I can assure you that it's THE ONLY PLACE IN MADISON TO GET QUALITY BAGELS!! The staff is all so friendly and the service is quick.
2	It makes me sad to write this review because I used to love Gotham, but that ship seems to have sailed. Just now, I pulled on their doors to get a bagel at about 140pm on a Wednesday and the door was locked. No sign, no nothing and the guy at the counter just stared at me. Rewind to about 2 months ago. Again, I went in after the lunch rush (because that is when my scheduled lunch is) to get a bagel. There were 3-4 other customers and probably 4-5 people working. The owner was counting money out of the drawer. He ignored me for a few seconds, glanced up, and then said, She'll help you and gestured toward the girl behind him. She looked surprised but jumped to help me. As I waited for my sandwich, I noticed how dirty everything was. I'm sure they had been busy but it was dead by this point. Finally, I go to the women's bathroom and after using it, find out that the toilet is broken. No sign, no nothing. Are their bagels/sandwiches/everything delicious? Hell yes. I'm just starting to wonder if it's worth it. The owner should stop counting money and tighten up his biz a little.
5	I've never had a problem with service here, they are always very attentive & quick.  Maybe they've read all the angry yelp reviews and upped their game?Atmosphere is fun- you can see the kitchen (with their... bagel machine? I'm assuming that's what that large loud thing is. Whatever it is, it's pretty cool) and there are family photos, photos of NY, and various newspaper features framed up on the wall. Their bagels are the best, their smears are great. At most places I don't order the same thing twice; but here I stick with the everything bagel with Feta-licious smear. It's that good. Good bagel, good smear, needs nothing else. They serve Collectivo coffee, and serve it well. Warning! They have a 4.50 (I think) minimum on credit card purchases!
3	Gotham Bagels are really good. Not NY bagels, but possibly still the best ones we got in Madison. My issue is with the service and the food. I just don't get why it takes soooo long to get my bagel here! I've literally waited 20 minutes when the shop is relatively empty. The sausage patties tastes like weird ground beef, and I had to pay like $2 or something absurd for extra cream cheese.
5	I stopped into Gotham last week for breakfast and service was so good, I came back this week for breakfast.  Again, I wasn't disappointed.  I won't gas on about both experiences, but I'll tell you what made the difference this morning.  I waved a couple customers ahead of me, because I was unsure of what I wanted and I thought I might be a little longer at the register.  When I stepped up and after ordering a bunch of bagels and cream cheese for the office, the young gentleman behind the counter asked me if I wanted any coffee or juice.  I said, "No thanks, they can get their own coffee and juice."   His reply? "I wasn't worried about them.  I was worried about you."Hospitality.  That's what it was.  100% sincere and easy as pie.  More places should do it.  It takes but a few words to make a connection with a customer and win loyalty.  A little bit of loyalty goes a long, long way. It only got better when he shouted out to the customers, "Who's parked out front?!?!"  I turn to see the parking enforcement man circling my car with a catlike grin on his face, rubbing his hands together greedily.  Okay, that's an exaggeration.  I ran out and managed to avoid the ticket.  Thanks, Gotham.  Bagels.  Hospitality.  And a hand with the meter man.
3	The food here is delicious. And I used to really love this place, but the atmosphere and service have changed since they first opened. From now on I'll only go if I have 30+ minutes to wait for a cold sandwich (to go). Also, everything just feels very tense. There have been some really cool people working here, but over the years all employees seem to be increasingly stressed.
4	Best bagel place in Madison. Great sandwiches, fresh meat and made fresh. Usually busy on the weekends but worth the wait. I personally love the breakfast sandwiches but you really can't go wrong here.
5	Gotham has the best bagels in madison. The super egg everything is incredible. Their bagel sandwiches are awesome, especially the daily specials. The bagels are definitely pricey, but worth it! People seem to complain about the service, but it's definitely the kind of service (if not better) than you'd receive in the NYC area. I like that you can sit and eat the bagel there. And sometimes you get a surprise pickle with your order!
5	When I first came to Madison from New York City, where I grew up, I found myself missing many things - but I missed nothing so much as delicious New York bagels. Madison's a great town, I thought, but damn do I miss those bagels...Until I found this place.I never thought I'd say it, but I really can't tell the difference between these bagels and the ones from my favorite spot in NYC. They're just superb.Lox and cream cheese on poppy with a tomato is the best if you want the true New York experience (make sure you ask for that tomato!), but you really can't go wrong whatever you choose. Also, they serve the bagels with a really delicious pickle and some bagel chips. Beautiful. Oh, and they have amazing fresh-squeezed orange juice, and their espresso is surprisingly good!
