5	This place is incredible. It's right next to subways in the Frys plaza. The ambiance is beautiful and comfortable. It's perfect for a couples brunch or even solo. The owner is incredibly friendly and had at least eight people stop by just to congratulate him on his opening. I had a croque Madame with a side of arugula and spinach salad. I overheard the ranch was homemade. My sandwich was open faced and had so much flavor. I can tell that they put a lot of thought into their menu because the sandwich was immensely flavorful with spices and garlic. The desserts were staring at me the whole time. They were gorgeous. He even have every customer a free almond croissant to take home. It was probably homemade as well. I overheard a guy say his Benedict was the best he ever had. Just a warning the espresso machine wasn't there yet but they said it would be in a couple days. In all fairness they opened today. I bet their lattes will be amazing. Go here!
5	I did not have the time to come over but welcome back , I am sure the success will be there againAll our friendshipCATHERINE PIERRE JOY NAOMY AND JUNIOR
5	Second time here- the chef and serving staff are friendly and the food is fantastic.First time I had the Eggs Royale which may be the best Benedict I have ever had- the salmon was perfect texture and flavor, and the hollandaise matched well with the perfectly poached egg. I had a milk chocolate tart for dessert and took a croissant to go, delicious! This time I had a breakfast croissant with hashbrowns- incredible! I also had the lavender-vanilla green iced tea which is super tasty. Taking a salted caramel eclair to go so I can't comment on its flavor yet but I doubt I will be disappointed!
5	Great hidden gem in Oldtown! I ordered the breakfast sandwich and coffee. It's made with bacon and eggs wrapped in a croissant, a side of hash browns, and a mixed green salad. It was a good portion, probably a little larger than I would normally finish, but I was hungry today. The prices are very reasonable for the portion and quality. The croissant was flaky, buttery, and delicious, and the bacon was thick cut and crispy, perfect for me. I was a little disappointed they didn't have espresso drinks yet, but the regular coffee was very good as well. They should be serving espresso drinks soon. My boyfriend ordered the eggs benedict which looked delicious, but sadly he ate it all before I could snag a bite. He said it was very good. The eggs were poached perfectly. He would have preferred bacon, which he's had before, but I generally prefer the traditional ham with my benedict. The staff is helpful and very friendly. As a nice touch, the owner/ chef came over to make sure everything was to our liking. The atmosphere is good. It seems like it's still a little work in progress, but I'd say shabby chic. It's the same owners and location formerly known as Scratch with a similar menu. Scratch was one of my favorite breakfast places, so I was very excited to see they opened a new restaurant. I was not disappointed. I'm sure Merci will remain one of my favorites. I'm excited to try the lunch and dinner menu.
5	Is there anything more simple and beautiful than a perfectly poached egg for brunch? I think not. Merci's Eggs Benedict was exactly what I wanted for a lazy sunday brunch. My better half enjoyed her modern updated Croque Madame, and the absolutely adorable ambiance here couldn't be anymore perfect than it was. Duc is quite possibly one of the most gracious business owners in the Scottsdale area, and this small mom and pop establishment is the kind of place that makes eating out memorable and great, as opposed to some routine habit to sustain our bodies. What our society needs is to slow down and work on sustaining our souls. This is the place to do so. The idea of going into another chain automaton after enjoying an afternoon at Merci is impossible and shameful. The staff here are well appointed, classy, accommodating and friendly. The only warning is that their splendid pastry case will be staring at you, and beckoning you to finish your meal quicker, every step of the way. We shared a Chocolate Raspberry Mogador, which was also, like the rest of the experience, perfect; silky smooth chocolate mousse, with a raspberry topping which was the ideal touch of sweetness. Picture included...don't be jealous, just go get your own.
5	Such a great place. The French fries were my highlight! The French onion soup was fantastic. Everything was great, highly recommend the almond crossaint!!!
5	Exceptional food made with quality ingredients. Great prices and service. Only down side is that you'll have a hard time eating regular food -- it's that good.
5	It simply does not get better than Merci and the masterpieces Duc provides. The most generous of spirit chef you'll find, Duc puts his heart and soul into crafting perfect plates of amazing from Scratch. Everything is of the finest quality and honestly the most delicious preparation. Homemade buns and sauces for the burgers, the best quality beef and turkey and lamb, insanely great sandwiches and salads: you won't regret a single item on the menu.His dinners are no different: insanely high quality at a price point that honestly doesn't make sense. It's so affordable you wonder how there isn't a line out the door, and perhaps consider not telling your friends to keep it that way, but it's just so good that you can't keep it to yourself.Do yourself a favor and take a few friends to Merci for a wonderful lunch. Do call if you head over for dinner; they're still establishing their firm dinner hours, so letting them know you're coming during their tentative dinner hours (on Wed-Sat) is a good idea.They'll take amazing care of you. And try the pastries. They'll blow you away as an encore.
5	It was so nice to see that Chef Duc was able to take a deep breath and re-establish himself as the go-to in delightful dining. Peg and I had dinner at Merci earlier this week and were reminded of how talented this man is. The asparagus coconut cream soup was velvet wonderfulness. From the Croque Madame with egg and bechamel to the chicken in a Dijon mustard and mushroom sauce served with pasta (rice was on the menu but the substitute that he made was superb),  the meal was wonderful. Service was spot-on and visits by the Chef (something he has always done in his other restaurants) were all evidence of his desire to make the experience a great one.  I highly recommend this place for breakfast, lunch or dinner!  Dr. B
5	Merci French Cafe and Patisserie  is  ***** TOPS *****  You really must try it.+Creative, Ejoyable MENU,+Excellent QUALITY,+Well PREPARED+Appetizing PRESENTATION,+Friendly SERVICE,+Affordable PRICES,+Comfortable ATMOSPHERE.I ordered EGGS FLORENTINE and when I told the server I was amazed at how good the plate looked she said chef Duc is also a photographer; so he always tries to make the food look appetizing. He succeeded. An appetizing presentation helps, but quality and preparation are key. The poached eggs were warm and creamy with a light sauce over them, the spinach was tasty, the muffin was toasty, the "hashbrowns" were not over cooked and the side salad was colorful.I was a very satisfied customer and will come back with family and friends.If you are wondering about "French", NO you don't have to speak french, just enjoy some topnotch french style cooking.This place was once called Scratch,  it now has a new name, but it's even better.And if you want to indulge yourself try some of their desserts.I can't guarantee their calorie content, but you will enjoy their wonderful taste.Bon Appetit.Michael
5	I just went here for lunch with Chris C. (who reviewed it earlier), and had the same Le Parisien burger he mentioned in his review. Every bit of it was mouthwateringly fantastic, and the even the fries were perfect. It's a good thing I have solid willpower or I would have come out of there with some serious pastries as well, because they looked delicious.It's obvious these guys put a *lot* of work and passion into their food, and the prices are surprisingly low. Don't let their understated location fool you -- there's some world-class eating happening here.
5	Food was amazing and the service was fast. I will be coming back here again. I highly recommend the burger with the egg on it. (Angus beef, straight from a farm!) It is owner operated and Duc  and Noel were super friendly.
5	This is a little cafe that is well worth the drive in my opinion. Everything from the pastries to breakfast and lunch items are first rate. The owner Duc is very passionate about his craft and always takes the time to talk to customers and get their feedback.It takes me about 20 minutes to drive to Merci and in French: "Ca vaut la peine d'aller si loin pour manger si bien.!"I had lunch there today with a  friend and we both had the same "Special" of the day...which was an open faced lamb BLT...it came with salad and French fries and it was to die for. Also had an Opera for dessert and it was really yummy. The staff: Kat, Nathalie and Elizabeth are first rate and very warm and welcoming.Merci is also open for dinner several times a week - However  I have not tried t yet.Thank you..."Merci" for an outstanding experience.
5	We have been faithful customers since years, and are glad they are back.  Today, after we received a very favorable prognosis for  hubby's multiple foot and leg fractures, and because I had not eaten the entire day, we came here at 4.30pm to celebrate.  Duc saved my live!  We had the most delicious Rib Eye steak ever, and that is no exaggeration.  He is so understanding, kind and great empathy for all.  Precious locale, precious cook, and precious friend.  Thank you, et merci infiniment pour toujours.
5	Love this place! Had dinner tonight, I've never had the dinner, only breakfast until now. Our table got the mussels, beef special and salmon. Each was perfectly cooked and seasoned. We've had the award winning chocolate dessert so decided to try the strawberry cheesecake dessert, with a mix that also contained, as my wife said "the best white chocolate she's had." Great night, the chef is really nice and loves talking about food, cooking, and things on general. We loved scratch, we're excited Merci is open now and can't wait to go again for breakfast.
5	Was looking for a place near the W Scottsdale to get coffee, closest place was this or coffee Bean and tea leaf. I elected to try this out. Staff was friendly. Croissants were fresh and hot. Coffee excellent, five stars. Actually, the staff was so friendly it blew my mind. I normally don't Yelp from the parking lot but had to in this case.
5	What a great hidden gem in Scottsdale.  Interesting cafe that's next to Subway.   Owner is friendly and helpful.   Delicious hand made buttery croissants.
5	As it is right by my work a Coworker and I gave it a shot, she ordered lunch and I ordered just a desert.. We were seated quickly, our orders was taken quickly and our food arrived to us quickly. My Only gripe is that we did have to wait a little long for our check but loved that they used the square system and we signed and were able to tip from the Ipad. Our servers was very sweet I really loved the atmosphere. as we were leaving we were thanked by the chef for stopping in. All and all a very positive experience. I would stop in again
5	Love their pastries! Caramel chocolate tarte was yummy a must Share with your other half! So sweet but so yummy!! The macaroons, well lots of options but pistachio was a fantastic option! Love this place !
5	The chef puts heart, soul and flavors of childhood into his tasty creations.  I have been there for both lunch and dinner and have tried many mouthwatering selections from the menu.  My favorites are the beef bourguignon and croquet Madame.  The lemonade is tangy and refreshing.  The desserts are delicious but not too sweet and are prepared with the same care as everything else on the menu.  Another stand out is the bread.  The ingredients are obviously fresh and lovingly pick out.  If you love a food adventure, can recognize passion transformed into edible wonders, and find yourself in Scottsdale then Merci is the place.
5	What makes Merci so exceptional, is the incredible attention to quality given to each and every ingredient of every dish. I would eat the hamburgers any day just for the bread alone. The proprietor, Duc, makes all his own bread and with extraordinary quality. Having sold bread to high end restaurants in NYC, I know excellent quality when I see it. The Croque Madame is another fine example of how every single item on every dish is in and of it's own, exceptional quality. The end result of course is excellence in the completed dish. My favorite dish by far is Duc's Beef Bourguignon. It's far better than even my own beef bourguignon, and mine is better than most restaurants in the valley. The main difference is that these are the foods that Chef Duc grew up with, and he makes them like they were made for him growing up in France. A true Parisian flavor that can't be matched by picking recipes out of a cookbook. The desserts of course are in a class all of their own. Duc plays with creamy and delicate textures making flavors you've had before, seem like an entirely new experience. Some of my favorite desserts are the caramel cheesecake and the orange tart. The cheesecake is much more subtle in flavor and much more creamy in texture than what you might be familiar with in other more pedestrian establishments. The orange tart on the other hand, is both smooth and creamy texture, but with a bold orange flavor that is absolutely invigorating. Overall, what makes Merci so unlike any other place, is 2 things. The incredible attention to quality in every single ingredient, and the fact that Chef Duc makes for us the foods that he grew up with himself, which are a world apart from what any other local chef might pick out of a recipe book or even create on his/her own after years of experience. It's simply a level of bliss that can't be matched.
4	I really enjoyed my quiche.  Service was slow and we ordered croissants that we never got (they sold the last ones to someone after we ordered them). Frustrating, but we went back the next day and got some and they were to die for.Take a dose of patience as there are only a couple of servers and they are also working the counter.  The ambiance is great, there is outdoor seating and I can't wait to try them for lunch or dinner.
5	Place is really cute with good food. I got the crab cake burger and it was delicious. They have a full espresso bar and great croissant pastries. It's not too expensive either. I plan on coming back!
5	Went to Merci on March 1st for breakfast. The Chef came out and greeted us and made us fantastic food. Coffee was great and the pastries are to die for. The location is no great shakes (in a shopping center next to a Subway) but don't let that discourage you, it's worth a visit.
5	See all the 5 star reviews?  This cafe earns them.  I ate here 2X. Breakfast & dinner.  Both meals were tasty, refined, nice portion, pretty on the plate.  Small selection on a focused menu. Best quality ingredients used.For dinner, bring your own wine bottle (be a sport - a good wine).  Corkage: $8.Charming!
5	Great food, so glad they are back in business. Please bring back the balsamic salad dressing!!!
5	Wish I could add another star!  What a jewel in the desert!  I could go on with superlatives, but it would be redundant after all the other great reviews. Just don't miss going there!
4	I used to come here when it was Scratch, so I was really happy that they reopened. It's a great lunch spot, their menu has a French flair and consists of mostly salads and sandwiches. Their portion sizes are very generous and they use decent ingredients. So far I've tried a few sandwiches and the goat cheese salad which was very good, you could tell that they used high quality cheese since it was so flavorful. They also have a delicious vegan coconut soup, that you can't tell is vegan. Their croissants are very good too. I will definitely come back and would highly recommend.
2	Good food but the people working there need to get some customer service training. It ruins the food. Sorry.
3	I think we came on a bad day, it was extremely busy. The food did not take a very long time considering the full house, I don't have an issue with the speed. The service needed help though, I had to ask the waitress to bring the drink that came with the kids meal (kid is 19 months), and was brought in a regular cup which is impossible to give to her. We asked for a cup with a lid and got one, and had to ask for a spoon for her macaroni but never got one, so we went and got one from the counter. Meals came all at different times. My egg on the Croque Madame was undercooked, meaning the white of the egg was clear, so I brought it back up for a little more cooking. They said sorry and took it back, and I let the expediter/runner know what happened and she said the french undercook all their food, "but thanks for letting us know". Hahahaha. The Nicoise salad is not grilled tuna, it's tuna salad. We had to ask for the french fries we ordered. We never got the fruit that was supposed to come with the kids meal. The waitress said the macaroni is cooked from scratch but it's Annies shells n cheese (I don't care but it made me laugh). The croque madame is over seasoned (thyme?) so you can't taste the ham, egg or cheese.My friend found some crayons and coloring pages to occupy my daughter. I felt that my friend was more helpful than the actual waitress.I went home and googled how the french cook their eggs (in french!) and could not find any photos of raw eggs. I see a picture here of the egg on a burger and it's properly cooked so I don't think the whites are normally left uncooked. Anyway, I think it was a bad day and the waitress must have no experience with kids. I do feel bad, the owner was very nice. But I didn't enjoy the meal :(
5	Had dinner tonight before a show at the ASU Kerr theatre. Fantastic as always, I've been going to Scratch for a long time, and Merci hits all the same notes that keeps me coming back.Except the balsamic vinaigrette is gone. Bring it back please! :)Amazing pastries, I've taken many groups of people here, and it's always a hit.
4	Merci was a great find! Most Sundays it's difficult to get into a restaurant for breakfast. We were pleasantly surprised to get in without any wait time. I had the homemade croissant egg sandwich. It was flaky & delectable. Was surprised with the generous two sides that came with it - crispy hash browns & salad!! Unfortunately, the potatoes were cold. The waiter was gracious and brought us an extra plate of hot hash browns very quickly. The desserts looked amazing. That will be for a future visit. The only negative I saw was that one of the waitresses delivered a dog dish of water to a pooch on the patio, then without washing her hands began to replenish water at another table. I'm sensitive about cross contamination!
3	Ah I don't know...call me crazy but I can't love this place as much as I want to. We came here on the weekend for breakfast. It was right after the time the served breakfast but they could see the majority of the people here wanted it so they said they could make it. We got a croissant and a glass of lemonade to start - both of those were delicious. The lemonade is made with sparking water or something of the nature which gives it a tart flavor without too much lemon. At this point the service was okay. We were somewhat acknowledged when we sat down but nothing too friendly. You could tell one of the two waitresses was new...it's not a big place so it was easy to see the more experienced one was getting frustrated. Not professional. I ordered eggs Benedict while my boyfriend ordered an omelet...which was suggested over the egg croissant. My food came out cold with the tiniest amount I hollandaise, I asked for a side...so she brought me a cold side of it. Seriously? On top of my already cold food, thank you. My boyfriends omelet looked like an omelet. Zero exciting things about it. Personally I would have gotten the sandwich, he wasn't thrilled, but at least it was warm. The food comes with a side salad. Odd that this is greens with a ranch like dressing (which is actually rather good) instead of potatoes or fruit or something more breakfast traditional, hey even a tomato slice like most of Europe. Overall, I wasn't impressed. The flavors tasted like something I could find at any dinner or breakfast joint. I liked the lemonade and the baked goods...the other desserts looked good but didn't try any. I don't recommend breakfast, I may go back for lunch to give it a second try because it has such good reviews but it needs some work. As well as some better service. A party of six walked in and she said "I don't have room for you". No, if you wait for 10 minutes we can seat you. Odd. The decor is cute, a little pricey, and not worth the food...maybe the dessert and lemonade though.
1	I hate to give 1 star but I just couldn't even like the place.  I was so disappointed by the service and food.  The server did not know the menu or how to make drinks.1.  Ice coffee:  first cup of coffee:  salt was in the sugar container.  second time:  lots of coffee grinds in the cup.  third time:  the coffee was watered down.  2.  They were out of spinach, out of croissants, & the eggs were under cooked.3.  Lorriane quiche was bland and super smallWe got the last chocolate croissant.  That was the best from the whole experience.  I hope it was an off day, but I am going to pass and try another place before coming back.
5	I have gotten the salmon open face sandwich three times now. I love it. The people who also work here are always friendly. LOVE IT! The place is super cute too
5	Hidden gem between a Subway and RadioShack in a local shopping center. Beef bourguinon...awesome. Duck confit...awesome. Great sandwiches too. Save room for dessert too. Multiple desserts! Merci also serves a great kids meal, the best grilled cheese your child will ever eat!
5	Had a great breakfast. The eggs benedict was delicious, and the french toast was even better. Definitely try the croissants, they are some of the best I've had outside of Paris. The tart I had wasn't amazing, but the mousse was. Good coffee, too.
5	We loved everything about this place. It is super cute, delicious food, great service, and the chef/owner was wonderful. We came for dinner tonight and will definitely be back for breakfast and lunch.
4	Delicious. Such a quaint little spot. We went on Memorial Day for breakfast. Wasn't too busy when we arrived but still a little too busy for the one server they had working. Nevertheless service was prompt, she did a great job looking after everyone.  Food was delicious. Eggs Florentine so well done I would eat it everyday! French Toast was super sweet. A little too rich for my breakfast tastes but so yummy! Can't wait to go back and try the desserts I hear so much about. Try them out!
2	I was excited to try Merci, as I've heard / read great reviews.Went for lunch on a Wednesday with a friend. We met at noon, and there were probably about five other tables sitting down & eating when we arrived. We were greeted warmly and told to sit where we liked. Our server quickly stopped by & was polite. We both ordered an open-face sandwich, and my friend ordered a bowl of asparagus soup - she was excited to know that it was vegan & made fresh.It was at this point that our experience turned from being great to 'meh'. We waited for nearly 45 mins to get our sandwiches. Someone (not our server) did stop by and let us know that our orders were under way & apologized for the wait. When our sandwiches finally came, my friend asked about her soup - and was told it would be out shortly. She then asked to cancel the order, as she really didn't think she'd have room to try it after the sandwich. Why they didn't think to bring it out during the previous 45 minutes we were waiting is beyond me.About five minutes later we called our server over and asked how long their crepes took to make. I'm 7 months pregnant, and once I saw that they had Nutella Crepes on the menu, it was really all I could think about. She said about 10 minutes - so I asked her to put an order in (worried that it would take far longer, judging how long the sandwiches took.)She came out to our table a short time later and informed us that they were all out of crepes. But they had ice-cream, should I want that. I am by no means an expert or even remotely experienced with running a restaurant, but how do you run out of crepes? I have made them before- you put a few ingredients together & then cook them on the stove. AND there is a grocery store in the same complex, so if you had run out of, let's say, eggs - couldn't you go buy some? I know I'm pregnant and not really that patient when it comes to craving, but come on.The food we did get to eat was good. The people who work there were friendly, but I was by no means 'wowed' enough to plan a trip back.
4	Finally headed back to this restaurant after a long hiatus (they closed for a bit and I may have forgotten about them once they reopened, my bad for sure).  We were happy to see that the menu was a bit updated but it really was the same great place it was before.  We have only been here for breakfast and it is always good.  The egg dishes are what I typically go for and I am rarely disappointed.  If you enjoy sweet breakfasts do try Merci's french toast.  It is different but different in a very good way.  Their coffee is great quality and honestly, sometimes I enjoy heading over to Merci just to enjoy a great cup of coffee along side a freshly baked croissant (or chocolate croissant...).
5	Can't wait to come back here again soon. It was eclectic and delicious. My absolute favorite was the veggie soups with coconut milk; it was phenomenal!  The duck was good and the desert was super rich and flavorful. Equally as interesting, the chef is quite the world traveler and excellent pho grapher.  This is my new favorite French restaurant.
3	To be fair I really do love this place and it deserves 3.5 stars. BUT, the service isn't the best and the food isn't consistent. If you go for a croissant call first because they have ran out 3 different times and the breakfast sandwich seems different every time I get it. Either way the food is great and the owners are the definition of lovely. The macaroons can't be beat! And I would highly recommend the crab burger! YUM!
5	I have a constant fluctuating schedule, I had built up quite the appetite and when I walked in it was 10 minutes before they closed.  They were very welcoming and made me a great salmon plate.  In other restaurants I'm rushed out the door or treated rudely or both, but not here!  My food was delicious, the place looks really stylish, very friendly staff, and great music.  Check it out!!
5	My wife and I went here because we were simply walking by. Everything is made by the owner from scratch using real French techniques. For example the bun my burger was on had been made that day in house. The food is cleanly presented and everything taste great. The owner came and sat with us for bit and even gave us a free dessert when we couldn't decide. A great place to eat, we went a bit overboard and spent around $50 on a lunch for two but it felt worth it. We will definitely be returning.
5	This place is run by a friendly Frenchman who is an excellent chef. I ate here before when it was called Scratch and really enjoyed my meal. This morning I had the breakfast sandwich and it was one of the best that I've had in a long time. Everything was nicely flavored and it came with a delicious side salad. As I looked over the menu I keep seeing high quality dishes at reasonable prices. I will be coming back to try their dinner menu very soon.
3	Review is only for the baked goods in take out. Service was pleasant, choco croissant was good , macarons were great, price is lil over $3 but size is big.       Rum cake tasted dry and like the fridge :(  maybe it was old?  Opera cake was pretty good but had different flavor than most French opera cake .   Very cute place , it's hidden too . Will come back for their food and give review after that again but for take out pastries and cakes ( which I don't mind spending 5-8$ per French cakes as I love them) I got 2 cakes, 2 macaron , and 2 croissant plus tip was 28$, which isn't bad but would have expected a little more freshness in $5 cakes.       Still love that we have little French bakery here in scottsdale .    Maybe it was a bad day today .Ohhh main thing, little sad that merci logo on cakes weren't edible (~_~) I like it when they make it chocolate lol I almost ate the paper haha
5	great croissant
5	Such a great restaurant! Great food and great staff! Duc is a master! The deserts are works of art! Have the nicoise! Have really anything! It's all good!
5	There isn't anything that I didn't like about my meal and my experience at Merci.  The patio is dog friendly, they even had water out for Fido. The service was sweet and attentive, and the food was French and delicious.  They had *my favorite thing* - almond croissants!  I am going back, and happy that I can bring my dog along!
5	I will be back!!!  Very unassuming place in a strip mall (I'm a sucker for finding hole in the wall gems)...the place is adorable inside!!!  I had the eggs benedict which was presented adorably and tasted even better.  The coffee was fantastic and service was friendly.  One of my new favorite places!
5	This place is amazing! Everything is homemade and the flavors are out of this world! They have the best croissants. I am not vegan, but tried their homemade chocolate vegan ice scream and it was the best! I also had the Chicken Normandy for dinner..sooo good! I will definitely be back! I really don't even want to tell anyone about this hidden gem..but oops the secrets out!
4	Met a girlfriend at Merci today (Sunday). I was shocked that we were only 1 of a few tables and was worried. I ordered the eggs florentine and an almond croissant. WOW. Really, It was awesome! This is a hidden gem! I LOVE that the breakfast is served with a little bit of salad greens too. To put the icing on the cake, the coffee was excellent -- not just regular icky drip coffee. This was some serious, bold, real java! We had 2 waitresses...fortunately. The thinner, blond 20-something was really not on the ball, however, the other, shorter, Hawaiian or Japanese server was all business! I think her name is Taylor - definitely this girl has a future in hospitality!
4	I'm so happy Merci (formerly known as Scratch) is back in business. The service is better than ever and the menu has been slightly revamped. Great for a croissant and espresso or a full meal. The open-faced Brie sandwich is like heaven on French bread. Don't forget a macaroon for the road!
5	I've been in this place twice. It's a excellent place to dine because the food is delicious and the prices are small ;) Also, the customer service is really good and everybody's nice :-)
2	Today was my second trip to Merci, third if you count when it went by a different name. Every time they have been out of croissants with plenty of time before they close. They're always asking if we want to wait 25 minutes for them to cook. Why don't you just keep making croissants? I heard our server ask two other parties if they also wanted to wait! Don't stop making croissants until it's closer to closing time! We were two hours from close and our server suggested we call ahead so they can set some aside for is next time. Unbelievable.For a breakfast sandwich, the replacement starch is their delicious French bread. It's fantastic but you only get one piece and instead of it being built like a sandwich, it's a mini omelette on a piece of bread.I've also had their burger. I asked for medium and received a greasy well-done chewy burger. The fries looked like they'd soaked in oil overnight and the burger came with an herby mayo that tasted nice but was not represented on the menu. I was going to give this three stars because of the French bread, the macaroons and the friendly staff but the rest of the food just isn't that great. I was also told that my macaroon purchase wasn't the best and I wasn't too happy with that reaction. I'm hoping their dinner specials are better than the brunch but I will not be returning to find out.
5	This little hole-in-the-wall is real gem if you like your food French, fresh, and delicious.  The decor leaves a lot to be desired but that's not why we go - believe me, it's the food! A group of us went recently and each of us ordered a different type of quiche.  We each tried a bite of each quiche and it was impossible to choose which was best because they were all incredible.  Each came served with a salad with a lovely yogurt vinaigrette.  We haven't tried dinner yet but the duck confit and beouf bourguignon on the menu keep calling my name so I'm sure we'll be there soon.
5	I love this place! I have eaten here for breakfast, dinner, and many a pastry. The quality of the food is EXCELLENT. I am a pastry snob and this place is delicious. When we ate dinner here, I had a chocolate tart at the end and I'm still thinking about it months later. For dinner, you bring your own wine, so note that if you're doing dinner. The service is almost always great. The owners are super friendly when we bring our kids in for breakfast (they have kids of their own). Great place. The only downside is location, next to a stinky subway. C'est la vie!
1	New name same terrible management. I would be a stressed waitress too if there was no one to bus tables but me. However, give patrons a wait time or have them sign in. It was irritating to see a couple who arrived after us get seated first. Waiting is not a big deal, but ignoring customers is. Find someone who knows how to run a business and prioritizes customer service.
3	I was going to write a scathing review of this place but I changed my mind when the chef personally came out to diffuse the situation. All has been forgiven and my review score has been based 100% on just the food.Before I explain what happened, let's first talk about the food.Their croissants are really quite a special little treasure of Scottsdale. Buttery, crisp perfection. I could have easily gobbled up three of these golden babies.The breakfast sandwich was a tad salty for my taste but is still a great choice.The eggs benedict were cooked very well but I thought the hollandaise was slightly lacking. I think it needs a tad bit more tanginess and a little bit more in portion. I actually had to ask for little bit extra on the side. I can see why locals love coming here. It's a really cozy and quaint place with super solid food.So why were we so incredibly upset at first?The group arrived at 10:30 am. We were not asked for our order till 11:00 am. The restaurant was NOT full. There was no line out there. They simply forgot about us. By 11:40 am (over an hour had passed since we were seated), we never received our food and tables that came just 15 mins ago (11:25 am) received their food. At that point, I was furious and the first server I approached had the utmost terrible response to me. There was no apology at all. Rather, she merely responded, "Well, maybe you ordered something really special that took a long time to make." That response made no sense. I ordered a smoked salmon benedict. And timing of the gods couldn't have been better because right when she said this, I turned around and pointed to another patron ---she came in about 45 mins after us -- just got the exact dish I ordered. I pointed to the dish and said, "My dish was not special. Oh look. There's the smoked salmon benedict that I ordered. That lady is already eating it and she came in 45 mins after us." I was floored. No apology. Nothing.As it turned out....our order was never put in and we'd already been patiently waiting for over an hour.The rest of the staff was really wonderful in trying to make up for the situation. They profusely apologized and even brought some free croissants. The chef even came out and apologized--not once--but twice! He even brought us out some homemade jam. We gladly accepted his sincere apology and forgave very quickly. I have to commend the chef and his staff (with the exception of that single server) for taking the time to make it up to us. In the end, it all worked out and I decided to give a review based 100% on the food, as opposed to the experience (which would have resulted in a 1 star review). I hope management seeks to contact me so that she/he may work with that single server that failed the business. That server needs to be better trained on problem solving and customer service.
4	Outstanding food, attentive service, delicious wine. Server was very helpful with recommendations. We loved every dish - I think the duck was the standout, but there were no leftovers on any plates. Well worth the price.
5	Cannot say enough good things about Merci. Duc the owner and master chef is the creative mind behind every meal served and his love of food comes across in every bite! All of their beef comes from grass - fed, antibiotic free growers and from local farms whenever possible, as a health and humanitarian conscious diner it is such a relief to find a restaraunt where the chef cares about the quality of the dining experience as much as we do. Great atmosphere, friendly staff,  do yourself a favor and stop by Merci today!
5	I love this place... It is now 2:06 on Sunday. They close at 2:00 on Sundays. Two tables just walked in. Kat ran back to the kitchen and asked if the chef/owner could stay and cook for the two new tables. I've never seen a wait staff so eager to please customers. Duke, the owner/chef is staying open for those tables. These people really care. I love it here! And the salmon burger Rocks!
5	Such a sweet spot! Came in for lunch and a top notch hazelnut latte and yummy crepes, absolutely will be coming back and can't wait to try the rest of their menu!
5	Very quaint and cute.  Great place to get brunch on a Sunday.  The food was amazing, the pumpkin pancakes were the best pancakes I've ever had, seriously.
2	This is a cute little place in the space that used to be a bakery.  I came in for lunch because of the excellent reviews on yelp.That a special board outside and most of the specials average between $15-$18. I thought that was a little pricey for lunch but went on in. There were a few people there (not crowded, not empty).  I was seated right away and offered the choice of ice tea or lemonade. They had green or black ice tea of which I got the black.I looked over the menu and settled on the black truffle burger for $14.  The burger was small, but served with fries and a side salad. The burger was kind of bland and the mushrooms didn't taste like truffle or truffle oil.  The bun was interesting, but the bottom was soggy.  The truffled fries didn't taste of truffle at all. The small salad of greens and tomatoes was good. Unfortunately nothing about my burger with black truffles or my truffle fries tasted like truffle.My bill was over $18 with tax and over $22 with tip.  My food was not bad and the service was good, but lunch failed on a price-performance basis.I doubt I will be back.
5	Highly recommended, great food! Everything I've had here is delicious, love the burgers and desserts.
3	The food here is excellent. The service was friendly but grossly incompetent. My husband and I arrived and there was not a table available. After about 10 minutes several tables left and a table was cleaned and we were seated. We sat at the table for about 10 minutes with no menus. I went to the counter. There was a person standing there that did not acknowledge me until I asked for menus.  I took the menus back to my table and we sat there for another 10 minutes waiting to place  our order. At this point I was confused as to how I was supposed to order. I went to the counter again to ask if I was supposed to order there. A server came over to take our order. After our order was placed, I noticed that 2 tables that had come in after us were already eating. Our food arrived and was very good. The owner came out during our meal and checked to see if we were enjoying our food. The server never returned for drink  refills.  We finished eating our meals and sat there for a long time waiting for our plates to be cleared and for our check. The restaurant had slowed down considerably from the time of our arrival. There were two servers standing around chatting and one playing on her cellphone. I went to the counter again and asked for the check. The girl playing with her cellphone says she can close out my check and then proceeds to ask me for each item that has been ordered.  It is a shame that we were not given even basic service. The food really was good, but we will not be returning.
5	I have always had the brunch...now I had the lunch....YUM! great little place!
5	The most unassuming restaurant in Scottsdale, delivers in the best way possible. Quaint location, small dining room and a peak a boo kitchen make for a comfortable and enjoyable dining experience. I've now experienced coffee, breakfast and dinner and nothing has disappointed. The French chef came out to see how the duck confit he prepared was serving me, and I had to admit it's one of the best I've had. Very French to its core, authentic. Highly recommended if you're trying to escape the noise of old town without leaving.
5	Food is so authentic and delicious! They also use cage free eggs and grass fed beef. The wait staff was knowledgable and attentive even though it is a Sunday and very busy.
5	Get the breakfast croissant sandwich with bacon and cheese. It comes with a salad and hash browns. Very good. Best hash browns in town bc it has french spices mixed in it. No ketchup needed. Yum!
2	I love this restaurant and have been coming here since its original opening. Today the service has been absolutely horrid. I had to ask to get a table cleaned. Ask for a menu. People seated near me are now eating. Had to ask the waiter to please take my order. Is anyone else experiencing these problems here? Worth waiting for the food as it was amazing. Never have seem my waiter again. Guess I'll go inside and ask for my check and tip myself for my hard work.
4	Great food, I just wish it was a bit less expensive, keeping in mind the portions and location.  I'd come here more, if they had happy hour, or less expensive specials.  The food itself is 5 stars, I just can't justify regularly spending $10 or more on a burger.
5	Very quaint little French bistro. We went for brunch one Saturday. Alexi was our waitress; friendly...definitely a people-person. I ordered the delicious ham, bacon, and cheese quiche,which came with a garden salad and fried potatoes. Mr. O'Zandra had the smoked salmon open-faced sandwich. He's still talking about it! Great experience! We'll return for dinner for sure!
5	What a quaint little gem! Enjoyed a nice relaxing lunch on the patio with my pooch; my friendly server Alexis even brought out chilled water for my pup. I started with the vegan asparagus soup- holy cow- asparagus soup?! Delish! The dirty chai I had was on point as well as the open faced club. I wrapped up the lunch with a creme' puff with raspberries and the most amazing blueberry lavender infused icecream! They offer free wifi and were ok with me sitting on the computer for a while. Chill place. Cutest place mats and interior decor. I'll be back for sure!
4	This place is so so stinkin adorable, hidden and unsuspecting in a strip mall of blandness. Who would ever think there's a gem amidst a Subway, bikram yoga studio and Fry's grocery store? Exactly. You miss it unless you are a foodie following the scent of bliss...And well, I have a weakness for French -  French food, French people, French kissing. Can you tell yet?Every time I frequent here, it transports me to a time of romanticism that just leaves one smiling. It's never short of cute couples canoodling or sweet hand holding. How can I not sit and soak that up?!?!! If you ever feel alone, just come here and drop the Harlequinn book. The patio is lovely for coffee and conversation and inside draws you in with the colorful placemats adding so much whimsy and cheeriness. You can catch the specials board outside greeting you and letting your wallet anticipate the tab. I think it's unfair to say this place can be pricey when people are comparing it to a basic Denny's breakfast or Good Egg omelette. You don't come here for that. It is one of my favorite neighborhood spots, probably because I could run home and rid myself of the guilt for consuming too much, if that's such a thing with food. They serve local coffee from a roaster up in Cave Creek so I am already smitten. I will say every time I've been here, they are always out of chocolate croissants. Whoever is taking all of them, you are on my radar to hunt down!!!! Seriously the baker needs to make more than a handful. It's ridiculous that you are out before mid morning. Shameful to us devotees. Hands down the french toast is incredibly uh-mazing. I love that it's crustless and the sauce makes me seriously want to dip myself in it and lick for hours. What I love is that they offer more than just  breakfast items which makes me such a frequent patron here. Not going to lie, I wasn't as impressed with the sandwich selections, especially on a month where I did meatless challenge. Your only option was the brie sandwich and that was not filling enough. Pretty but little substance and I'm more about content. I can't wait to try the lamb or mussels on my update review so hang tight for that!It's only short a star because I haven't done dinner here and the service can be spotty. My first time, the pregnant server was such a doll. On another return, I met the server that everyone complained over. I think she's just very French and it's not necessarily bad service. I guess I don't expect my servers to be doting over me but when they do, I certainly take note and tip well for their customer delighting skills.
3	I guess I must've had high expectations  of fruit  tarts and lots of yummy french food. My experience was nothing remarkable  but just pretty average for the most part. I was surprised that for a patisserie  there was not a big variety of desserts or pastries. Regardlesd, the best part of this little place is the customer  service. Our waitress  was just wonderful and so attentive to everything. I ordered the quiche Lorraine  but I was not too impressed  by it and the eggs were a bit runny in it. It came with a little side of spring mix  salad and some hash browns. The side of hash brown was nice and crunchy but maybe too crunchy and greasy for my taste. Everything  was meh but their customer service makes up for it, those ladies are fantastic.
3	Four stars for taste of food.Three stars for service and not selling the items listed on the menu.Three stars for price of certain menu items.The food here is great and reasonably priced for the quality; however, the beverages, specifically coffee (espresso, cappuccino, latte, etc...) are very pricey.  My boyfriend ordered a hot chocolate which was almost $5.00 my coffee was about $4.00.  The hot chocolate was good, my cappuccino mediocre, not worth $4.00.  I feel like I could have had a happy hour glass of wine for that price.  We wanted a QUICK snack after shopping at Fry's in the same plaza, and I wanted to sample their homemade ice creams, which were delicious.  I will return to purchase a pint or a gallon of the lavender-blueberry -- I highly recommend.I dislike the fact that the last two times I've been here they are not serving crepes.  Crepes have been a menu item for months and have not been available.  Clearly the French know crepes best, so why are they not selling them and why are they still on the menu if they are not selling them?  Please take them off your menu, Merci!!!I stop to eat here on occasion looking for a little something special and low-key in Scottsdale.  This place is quaint and classy, just disappointed about the crepes situation.One other comment:  The service is very slow too.  I don't know if this is intended since a lot of European's eat later in the evenings and spend several hours at the dinner table, but if you're looking for a quick bite, THIS IS NOT THE PLACE TO GO!  We were there almost and hour this evening and ordered a cappuccino, hot chocolate and their ice cream sampler.  Most of that time was spent waiting on the waitress and waiting on the items to be prepared.I will return when I have more time to kill.  Bring your iPad or laptop while you are waiting, they have WiFi.
5	Wow... All I can say is wow. I got the French toast and have never had anything like it before. It completely melts in your mouth and the banana flavor is superb. Great service and the chef even walked the floor and made sure to speak with everyone personally. It really made the experience feel personal and authentic. Will definitely come back!
5	My wife and I recently stopped in on a vacation. It was fantastic. The waitstaff was phenomenal! When our server Lucy began speaking french to my wife I felt like I was back in Paris! Lucy greeted us as soon as we walked through the door and we felt well accommodated the whole time. The food was great, the prices very fair, and the macaroons were to die for. A wonderful dining experience.
5	A friend introduced me to Merci. I had their croissants at his office. It was the real deal. Based on that alone I booked our Belgian club's holiday dinner there. Noel, the owner's wife was incredibly helpful in setting up the dinner for the group of about 23. The group had high praise for the food, and the desserts were especially amazing. The restaurant is charming and decorated much like the old patisseries in Europe. The chef has an eye for presentation that is reflected in how the food and desserts are presented. The staff was super friendly and allowed us to finish up our gathering post closing time. Merci is conveniently located in Old Town Scottsdale with ample free parking. and although in a dated strip mall, once inside you are transported to a charming cafe straight out of Paris.
