4	This place is HUGGEEEEEE. You can seriously get lost in this resort.  I think there are about six pools here, and one huge pool area called the Oasis where there is a "moat" leading to a fake beach area. I will probably have to hike a mile to get there (which is fine, I got my pedometer on!) but I don't have the time to check it out yet. Trying to get to ONE of the pools close to you can be quite confusing. Doors are locked, gates are closed, and signs saying "GO THROUGH THE GATE" leaves you walking around the pool area trying to open every gate that has locks that I am not used to. Minus one star for this inconvenience.Otherwise, this resort is really cool! My suite is big with two sink areas, a living room, two TVs, a nice clean bathroom, and comfortable beds. I am here for school this week so this was a really nice setup. Plus I get free access to the Waterpark the entire week. Haven't checked out the restaurants (probably won't this time around) because I will be hitting up Fleming's and Cowboy Ciao, two of my fav places. Plus, Latitude 30 which is located onsite is an Asian fusion restaurant - my fear? Bland expensive food. And I can't find ratings for the restaurant either. Anyway, this place is cool. There is also another grill onsite, and the golf course to the left of it. Huge place!
4	My husband's company held its annual meeting here this year.  Kind of unfortunate for us considering we live here now but its nice to spend a night away in a resort.  I'm giving it 4 stars but it really should be 3.5.  Its just above average.And this is quite a resort.  I am personally not a fan of the mega huge family resort; mainly because its so hard to find your way around and it takes forever to get from point A to point B.  When its 115 degrees out these walks are particularly trying.  Checking into the resort left less than a favorable impression on me.  I was laden with a heavy suitcase, laptop bag, as well as my husband's suit and my dress.  After I helped other guests sort out the line situation (seriously, why would you stand around in a huge crowd? Form a line!)  I asked the desk attendant to call a bell hop to take my bags to my room because it was a considerable walk away.  "Oh, you can just go down that flight of stairs out to where the valet is and find a bell hop."  Hmm, ok, no.  If I wasn't laden down with bags perhaps I could walk down the steps but I have all this heavy stuff which is why I asked for the bell hop in the first place!  How does a front desk not call a bell hop for you?!  As I later found out I was supposed to receive a welcoming package from my husband's company that the front desk failed to give me.  Stellar.Our room was nice and large; they are all suites.  The room service menu has to be the most reasonably priced room service menu ever.  Some of the items were cheaper via room service than in the restaurants!  Our room overlooked an "adult pool" that had kids swimming in it.  This really grinds my gears...especially when the resort has a waterpark!  The waterpark is an experience....there are kids everywhere, three slides, a lazy river, and a wave pool.  Its all on a small scale.  They have two restaurants at the "Oasis" which both serve the same menu.  At night when the slides close they show a movie over the wave pool area.  The formal events (dinner and receptions) that we attended were well done, the food was good in all instances.  The bartenders were very nice and quickly learned the drinks we were ordering.  Would I stay here again?  No, not if it wasn't for a business event.  Would I suggest it to friends visiting?  No.  Its not really in an easy location and with all the options available in the Valley I wouldn't consider this to be at the top.
4	This place is truly a "compound," with multiple buildings of hotel room suites, 6 pools, a few restaurants, and an entire waterpark.  It takes a lot of walking to get around, but if you can find your way back to the main lobby, they will shuttle or golf cart you wherever you'd like to go.  The staff is friendly  and they have big baskets of lollipops in the lobby, which was cute.My suite was bigger than some apartments I've lived in for years.  It was clean, quiet, and nicely appointed.  It did smell of smoke, but didn't keep me from sleeping soundly or enjoying my time there.  My work pals tell me that local families stay here sometimes just to use the waterpark.  Sounds like fun to me!
4	This place is Obscene.  Grandiose.  Excessive.  Larger than humanly fathomable.  Lavish.  Extravagant.  I could go on....Do people really come to resorts like this to relax and escape the pressures of life?  Psssh.  Some escape, LOL.  From several vantage points on the resort property, I looked out and saw the beautiful and very natural scene of cars whizzing by on I-10.  Welcome to paradise, boys and girls.  Check out that smog!While the amenities here were super nice (READ: more pools than you can shake a stick at, great room service, access to several cafes and restaurants, free WiFi, oh, and hella huge guest suites), I wouldn't ever intentionally come here on a vacation.  That is, unless I was married with 5 kids and my 5 kids had their own suite away from mine on the opposite end of the resort.  I guess I'm more of an organic, natural kindof a girl when it comes to what I seek in a resort experience, rather than a golf cart-riding, concrete connoisseur.Then again, what do I know?  As far as resorts go, don't confuse my review, this place is nice.  Just accept the fact that it feels more like a commune compound of calcified concrete rather than a beautiful blissful oasis.
3	This review is for the spa - Phantom Horse Spa - located on the grounds of the Arizona Grande Resort.   I'm a fan of convenience.This is a resort spa - which I find to always be a more pleasurable all around experience than what you find at Day spas in the area.   The price is a little higher than a day spa but not as high as you might find at some of the other local resorts.Although they don't serve up a "Table Thai" massage (which if you've read my review of the JW Marriot at Desert Ridge you'll know is my favorite massage of all time), their standard fair selections are all wonderful.  I like their  4-Layer facial at 70 minutes and $145 dollars - it's a deal and comes with a mini massage!I ALWAYS recommend checking out the Web site for specials and mid-week deals.
3	SHORT VERSION:1. Confirm room location is decent if using AAA discount.2. Visit during seasons you're able to take advantage of the waterpark- an ammenities' fee of at least $25 will be added to your daily room charge, and DO check out fitness center and class schedules!3. If available, Costco sells AZ Grand Resort giftcards at a discounted rate.  Use these to pay for the room, spa packages, and dining venues!  Sadly, these giftcards weren't around when I stayed here :(LONG, DRAWN-OUT VERSION.  (Grab a cup of your caffeinated beverage of choice.)Stayed here for two weeks back in January 2008 while my builder did repairs on my ceiling.  Luckily, I have AAA coverage and was able to get a discounted rate.  The room was inviting and tastefully-furnished, and we enjoyed the comfortable down-filled bedding; However, I was disappointed in the location of the room's building.  I had the feeling that we were the only ones lodging at the wing where construction was going on the entire length of our stay.  The noise was not audible from our room while the doors and windows were closed, but we would always have to inhale airborne particles and fumes and walk through dust and mud- and paint-encrusted areas on our way to and from the room.  I'd be sure to confirm a nicer location before you secure a room, especially if you're using your AAA card!  I'd give a 1 or 2 star rating if basing review solely on the room and location.During my stay, I dined at Latitude 30 (fantastic halibut and dessert dishes!) and Phantom Horse Grill ($9 French toast- made with Simply Bread's Funky Monkey cinnamon bread ("artisan cinnamon bread") battered, with raspberry cream- was great (hot and crispy!) the first time around and ho-hum (warm, but SOGGY) the second time; dinner was good- hope I can find a photo of it to post here soon!).  I think I read somewhere here that Lat. 30 is now closed?  I hope it reopens soon!I also took my first of two yoga sessions here and enjoyed them both.  Most of the other members hold memberships at the resort's fitness center, so one does not need to be a resort guest to use the amenities here.  It was also during my stay at the resort that I was able to do my first hike ever!  One may sign up for two-hour long hikes on Fridays and Saturdays via the fitness center.  It happened that I was the only one who signed up for the hike, so you'd think that it would've been cancelled.  However, I called up beforehand to let the center know I was on my way, and in turn, they called up the instructor so that she'd be there in time to greet me!  Since there weren't anyone else to "hold up the group," we were able to finish a hike what normally took two hours in about 90 minutes!  I found it a formidable hike, made dangerous with my wearing cross-training shoes (I slipped and stumbled a couple of times) and lugging around a roll-away backpack housing my heavy and bulky laptop (easily 15, 20 lbs).Note: The price of the room does not include a $25 per day "ammenities' fee," which is automatically added whether or not you use the ammenities.  This fee includes the use of the fitness gym, jacuzzis and saunas, and the pool/water slides.  It was too cold to swim; Indeed, the pool area was closed the whole length of my stay there.  So you better believe I made use of the fitness center, which included yoga and other classes, such as spinning and aerobics.  I signed up for a tai chi class, too, but the instructor didn't show up, so the "regulars" tried to have a go at it, but it was like watching the blind leading the blind, so I gave up after about ten minutes and headed to the gym, instead.Landscaping is beautiful, especially at night where treelights transform the area into a wonderland!  (Come for happy hour and/or dinner and then go for a walk after... You'll have to visit to believe it!)FYI, be sure to do a check-list of the items in your mini-bar (I suggest you even take a photo!) so that you have proof that you did not consume anything from it.  The front desk tried to charge me for missing aspirin and a soda (we don't drink soda), even though I informed them of the missing pills within moments of our entering the room.  The charges [somewhere around $10 for two tablets and a 12 oz. soda (??)] were quickly omitted from the total.P.S.  In case you're interested, Whole Foods sells Simply Bread's Funky  Monkey for about $10 a loaf (price increase!).  A better deal to buy this and make your own French toast at home, if you ask me!  (AJ's Fine Foods may offer the bread, as well...)
3	Our cousins had their 18th birthday party (debut) here at the resort.  They had a block of rooms reserved for the night.  Since we were out of staters, we stayed in one of the rooms.  Making the reservations was a mess.  They could not find the group name, so i gave them the group number.  They found the block but couldn't find the price!  After a while, we finally got our reservation.The rooms are a good size.  Bathrooms are a bit small but that's okay.  Each room has a balcony, which was nice.  Beds and pillows are comfy.The event was held in one of their dining rooms.  The food was good.  Prime rib was excellent!  Yum Yum!  The service was lacking.  The bartender was really nice and generous ;-)  The wait staff seemed in a hurry to clean everything up!  They kept removing items from the tables, like champagne glasses, utensils, they even took our water glasses before the event was over!  There were coffee utensils set out but no one got coffee unless they asked.  None of our drinks were re-filled unless asked.  The service definitely could have been a lot better.
4	I just stayed here for my brothers wedding when I came home for his wedding. This place is amazing, great friendly staff, amazing rooms too! Except for the TV's, very old and out dated, kinda made the room look silly. The water park is amazing and the lobby bar is pretty awesome too. If you have the money I def suggest staying here. In my opinion the best thing about this place is the waterpark, not to be missed.
4	How in the world is this place a preferred property on our corporate travel site?  Two theories: either our company had its sales meeting here within the last 5 years and negotiated the sweet rate (which is possible, since it's our brand of paper products in the bathrooms), or it was August and no one goes to the Arizona resorts in August due to the heat and/or potential for monsoon weather.I stayed in the villas, which were very nice.  Each room had a kitchenette with sink, fridge, and microwave.  The beds, covered with crisp, white linens, were quite comfy, with lots of fluffy pillows.  The bathrooms were nice and new.  Only odd thing was that the window to the outer hallway (down which all the guests walk to enter their rooms) was in the shower.  High speed internet access was free and easy, and the TV was a new hi-def flat panel.Our sweet room rate also included breakfast in the lobby grill, overlooking the golf course (the tee on the island).  The breakfast included had plenty to choose from: two eggs, choice of meat, choice of bread, and hashbrowns.  All was quite tasty, particularly the array of jams that came with the bread: jalapeno strawberry, pear and rosemary, and blueberry.  My favorite was the pear and rosemary, but I did have second bites of all of them.  After nights of heavy food, my coworker opted for the fruit plate instead of the included breakfast, and by the time he got fruit, coffee, bread, and OJ, it ended up costing him $30!!  That's a little steep for a la carte.The staff was friendly enough, though it was annoying to have to keep valeting the car since there wasn't ready parking by the lobby.  Also, when we checked out a 5am on Friday morning, we weren't the only ones, and none of our bills had been pre-printed, even though that must be something they do since the woman behind the counter asked us if they were correct.Would I stay here again?  Maybe if I had more time to take advantage of the amenities.  Otherwise, I'll probably try to find somewhere nearby with hotel points.
3	My boss and I stayed here for 2 nights during a visit to ASU.  It was during the week, so unfortunately we couldn't take advantage of the water park, which we were BUMMED about!The staff was incredibly friendly and efficient.  Seriously, I'm not sure if nicer people ever existed.  The entrance to the resort is nice and gives a great impression.My room was bigger than my condo.  No lie.  It was huge - part of the Mountainside Villas and bigger than my boss' room in the same section of rooms.Now, the downsides... it felt like a giant compound.  While my room was ginormous, it didn't have a "wow" factor.  Recently renovated - yes.  There was a mysterious hole in the wall and the doors open to the outside, which I hate.  Not that it was a deal-breaker - we got a ridiculously low rate, so it was totally worth it.  The towels were nice and fluffy, and the bed was comfy.  TVs could definitely use an upgrade - it reminded me of watching TV in college!I'd definitely stay there again - for what we paid, it was an incredible value!  I wish we had been there longer to take advantage of the golf course and water park.  Had we been able to take advantage of the amenities, I might have been convinced to give it another star.
3	Stayed here with my husband for a national conference. The resort took great care of the conferences goers. Breakfast meals were especially wholesome with lots of fruit and protein, no greasy quesadillas or deep-fried doughs. Saturdays were kid central with the water park, but the rest of the week was quiet and relaxing. Definitely take advantage of the adults only pool on the weekends.
1	This place is too big for it to be even remotely well run. The front desk staff are indifferent at best (don't expect a warm welcome or invitation to return.) And watch your step going down the unlit stairs at night and beware of golf carts driving at night with no lights on! Definitely inquire as to any conference load they may be carrying during your stay because, despite extremely high unemployment rates, they are not adequately staffed. After getting a drink at the bar in the Lobby Bar and Grill after the solitary table server ignored me, I practically had to enter my dinner order into the system and bus my table afterwards. Bring an ethernet cable because wireless signal is generally low. Good things - the food was good although, as is not unusual at a place like this, expensive. Pretty property in an otherwise bleak urban (not withstanding the South Mountain preserve) surround.
4	While I have stayed in this resort once with the family. The kids loved the water park. We had two terrific breakfasts while we were there. We have stayed at a lot of resorts and I would say that the restaurants are some of the best - rustler rooste, aunt chiladas etc. I have golfed this golf course several times and it is my favorite golf course by far. It's not a perfect golf course and is a bit awkward at times. I love it because it's almost like 3 or 4 golf courses in one. I get bored really easily playing golf unless the course offers various views and layouts. The front 9 has more lakes and greenery while the back 9 is a desert course that runs along south mountain park. You'll want to bring your camera for the back nine!I love the 18th hole where you tee off from the top of the mountain into the valley below.
1	the Spa is TERRIBLE!where to start: first i had to change in locker room, which was thru the gym, and walk naked under my robe, thru the gym back to the spa.  NOT GOOD. secondly, my robe belt was wrinkled and tangled. like someone couldnt take 5 minutes to straighten it out?!!!next, the waiting room for massages was CO-ED! wtf!!!! i felt so uncomfortable in my robe, sitting next to some dude who was also naked. No reputable spa would ever do this. then, the tea area was messy, there was no hot water for tea, and the fresh cut fruit had no plates or fork to serve oneself. people were picking at it with their fingers. thanks i am thoroughly grossed out!then the massage was OK at best. i told the lady to push harder, and she said "we will see how your body reacts".  dumb girl, dont you realize i get massages all the time, and when men give me a massage, they will push the knots in my back so hard until they loosen up.  massage was weak and ok at best. then, the in the shower room, there was  A SIGN THAT SAID, VIDEO SURVEILANCE IN THIS SHOWER AREA! WTFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF.   THAT IS SO UNACCEPTABLE!  SO UNACCEPTABLE, a place where people shower and go into jacuzzi is NOT a place where one can set up surveliance videos. anywhoo, to top this off, NONE OF THE 5 HAIR DRYERS IN THE LOCKER ROOM WORKED! WHAT THE? WHO IS MISMANAGING THIS PLACE?i will never ever ever go back here again!
3	Beautiful grounds and pools with excellent staff. The surrounding views are amazing at mid-day. The rooms are above average. A bit pricey but nice for a week.
3	We stayed here for a couple of nights last week. All in all it was a good experience. The hotel is located right next to the freeway. Luckily we had asked for a quiet room, and inquired about a view (the view rooms cost more, but the rooms are all the same). The manager at the desk put us into Mountain 312 (a corner room), which was great for us, as we weren't looking at a parking lot like a lot of the other rooms, and the floor didn't wrap around our room (Our view was a small green hill). Parking is very weird here, so if you go out in the evening you will have to get creative. Driving access to the buildings is generally odd- they are clearly doing quite a bit of remodeling. The Water ParkMy 3 teens loved the park. The lazy river seemed to be their favorite. I loved it that the inner tubes were free (unlike Vegas- our next stop where each tube starts at 17$). I only used the hot tub at night when we had it all to ourselves. The jets in the tub are actually therapeutic instead of just bubbling for the effect. The water slides seemed to be popular, albeit for a brief moment. Evidently there are 2 speeds- REALLY fast and REALLY, REALLY fast. No one would dare go on the really, really option. Oh- and my husband wrenched his neck on the first option and walked side ways for the rest of our trip through the southwest. The water park closes at 5pm- which is beyond my comprehension. At least the hot tub stayed open late, and the wave pool for younger kids. The RoomThe suite was nice, but with an odd bathroom area. The sitting room has a couch (pull out bed that doubles as a medieval torture device), a chair, a small TV, bar with a sink and mini bar, and a table with 2 chairs. The bedroom had 2 queen beds, one sink, a small TV, and a balcony (but with no furniture), and a tiny bathroom with a tub/shower and a toilet. One bed had a down comforter and the other had a wimpy blanket. Evidently the extra winter fat I stored up would come in handy here. Actually, nothing that housekeeping couldn't fix- although they seemed very puzzled by the request. The FoodThis is where they make up for the affordable room cost. 4 hamburgers, no pop was $50. 2 cereals, 2 milks, a banana, and a tiny bag of chips was $16. The buffets looked very, very, average and weren't cheap. So we avoided the restaurants here after our 2 payouts and used yelp to find a super great taco place one exit up the freeway. (see my other review)Overall comments:The kids pointed out that there was a large gap between ages of visitors. A lot of little kids, then older teens (17/18) and not a lot in between. They really liked the water park here. We stayed at Mandalay Bay in Vegas on the same trip, I assumed that they would like the water park better, but I was wrong. This was the clear winner. The cost of the room was very reasonable through expedia, the cost of the food was very high.
3	We just came back from a trip to the Resort and my first impression was that I was disappointed with the rooms. They looked much nicer on the internet and I couldn't really make out the "make over " they had.The room got crowded with a family of 4 and house keeping showed up after 2 days after we called 3 times.Food was ok but very prizy. The resort is really big and you need to keep an eye on the kids to not get lost. The water park was a nice touch but only if you have bigger kids.One slide is ok for 6 year olds but the other two are more for the dare devils, the lazy river is always overcrowded and then you really only have the wave pool left. Trying to find a lounging chair is impossible ,only if you stand in a long line when they open or late in the afternoon.If you book with a so called RESORT CREDIT be CAREFUL when you get the bill. They didn't apply any of it on my invoice and it took a long time to get my money back.Overall,the place was ok but I would like something smaller for my family in the future.
4	I stayed here for work attending a conference in Chandler close by.  I was super impressed with this hotel-or is it a resort? I stayed in the Villas, with a gorgeous view of the island the golfers tee-off at. Thankfully it was this view and not a view of the water park, the park I could not see since I was so busy while I was here. I got the best sleep I've gotten in a long time thanks to the super comfy king-sized bed and down pillows.  Amazing! The room itself was very nice.  I have no complaints. Except for the fact that I took a bottle of water not knowing they'd charge me an arm and a leg for. Thank god I called the front desk to ask how much it'd be to eat that bag of M & M's ($3.75 if you are wondering). So try to resist temptation!The breakfast was awesome. Sure it's expensive ($20 for eggs/bacon after tip).  But it was superb quality even down to the toast, served with various jellies.  The gym is also top of the line. This ain't your normal hotel fitness center!!! There is also a spa and salon inside as well.I definitely recommend staying here, whether it be for work or play or whatever!
3	BEWARE CREDIT CARD FRAUD!!Used a card that we hadn't used since August at their restaurant (only transaction on the trip. Haven't used the card since. We live out of state). Two months later 8 fraud transactions hit the account in a 24 hour period in AZ. Transactions were "card present" transactions, meaning the card had been copied. Had to close the account. I contacted the hotel. Hopefully they find the employee that is skimming card numbers!
3	I stayed here for a work conference this month. All in all it was fine, nothing impressive though. My co-worker and I got in early, since the rooms were not ready we checked out the lazy river. It was a lot of fun. There was however no lockers or anything to store valuables while you floated down the river. We showered in the gym locker room - probably one of the best gym primping areas I have ever seen - it was clean and had every tolietry you could ever need or imagine. The food during our stay was good. I had a room in the Villa section, not much of a view, but the bed was very comfortable - and really besides being clean if you are there for business all I can ask for is a comfy bed. The bathroom was spacious, but did have a window in the shower that looked into the hallway/elevator... very strange to me. All the staff was very curtious and accomodating. Would not mind staying again for work, but would not book for a personal trip.
5	Melanie Newton was amazing! She went above and beyond in every possible way and was so friendly and accommodating which, as a bride, was so relieving. She provided great insight, recommended vendors and made sure my day went as smoothly as possible. I truly adored her and can't say enough great things about her, her staff and the Arizona Grand Resort as a wedding location - plus our honeymoon suite was hands-down the best accommodations my husband and I have had to date.
2	My family of four stayed here one Saturday night on August 7. Registration line was 10-deep with not enough agents to check people in fast enough. After we checked in and got the wrist bands, our room was not ready for another two hours. The room itself was beautiful as are the grounds but it did not have a refrigerator or microwave. Seems like that should be standard on a resort of this caliber. Also, the toilet seat, bathroom door and suite door all squeaked. The squeak was loud enough to awaken people and it did; several times throughout the night. The kids came back from the water park early because it was so crowded, they had to fight for tubes to go on the lazy river. We have been here before and it was a rather pleasant experience, I am sorry to say it was not this last time. I have written to the GM of the place and expressed much of what I reiterated here. He should know these things. FYI - my husband and I visited the bar and it was very nice.
3	A decent resort, if you know what to expect.We checked in on a Saturday - I assume they had some sort of golf tourney this weekend because there were golfers *everywhere.*  And to top it off, there were a *ton* of people checking in with kids running around everywhere.  It was super busy, and quite a wait to get checked in.  That being said - they were well staffed, and the line moved fairly quickly despite it's length.  We got checked into the suite we had reserved - very nice.  Simple, open, airy...had a private bedroom and bathroom with ample counter space.  Very nice.  It also had a guest bathroom in the front living room area.The thing to realize, is that this is a family resort.  This place is geared towards families with kids.  Lots and lots of kids.  We went for an adult weekend away and were slightly disappointed.  But when we thought about it...we should have known better.We stayed at a smaller pool close by the suites (and far away from the kiddy-packed Oasis water park).  There were quite a few kids around the small pool at first, but they cleared out shortly and we ended up with the area mostly to ourselves.  We had a group of 6 or so...and we spent the day relaxing, drinking adult beverages and enjoying the sun and water.  Quite nice.  One of the other highlights is that they have a complimentary shuttle to a couple of the restaurants that are not the same company, but located on the property.  I can't recommend Rustler's Rooste enough - just a great place to eat.  It's not Mastro's in terms of quality/steak...but it's pretty darn good.  And there's sawdust on the floors and a country band playing...what more could you want!?  Anyways, the shuttle was a little inefficient, but who am I to complain about a free ride. All in all, I'd definitely recommend it for families...nice area, decent hotel...nice staff.  From what I hear, kids love the water park.  Just not our style.
2	I booked a night at this resort hotel because my daughter had a volleyball tournament in the area, and they had a special for 50% off suites. I wasn't impressed for a number of reasons.  First, even after the discount the rate was $124.00 which included an $8.00 (normally $30.00) "resort fee" which included things that any other cheaper hotel/motel would offer for free like local calls. Second, for the price I would expect modern things, like maybe a FLAT SCREEN T.V.! Come on, they've been around for what, 10 years now? And a high dollar place like this can't afford one? Another annoyance was the fact that their high speed internet access costs $15.99 a day. I can get free high speed internet at any motel/hotel for less that $50.00 a night. Other annoyances include a t.v. remote that didn't work, and a shower head that was so loose that it almost came off when I tried to adjust it. I would never, ever pay $200.00 a night for this place, and regret even paying what I did.
4	Just spent 4 days and 3 nights here at a conference .... Overall service and support was excellent and you can't Beattie weather in Phoenix this time of year.... Bummer that the water park was not open... I've been to the water park in the summer and it's great! I would come back again to this resort
5	Great service. Special thanks to Austin who was not only a super helpful waiter but also am incredible ad hoc concierge. He gave us some great tips. Travis was very attentive and friendly too. Sam, the golf instructor is highly recommended. Liked the pools and water park. The smart ones stay off the huge slides. Lazy river and spiral slide are very enjoyable.
3	When you go to a resort, you are paying for an experience. And what makes or breaks that experience are the little details. That's what I'm going to focus on-- you can find the big picture stuff elsewhere.Pro's:* excellent customer service. All of the staff people are chipper, helpful, and friendly. They ask you how your golf game was or if you enjoyed your drinks. They will serve you dinner on the outdoor fireplaces if you want, and drive you in a golf cart anywhere on the resort grounds- even to the gym!The resort is clean, and the landscaping is perfect. They have a small army of people who are dedicated to sweeping leaves.I took a 1 hour lesson with a golf instructor on the driving range. Matt was professional, courteous, and a great teacher.Nice big suites - plenty of room to party and spread out. very clean too. My room overlooked the pool and had it's own balcony.Cons'sOMG, no free wi-fi. ANYWHERE on the resort. Not even in their lame little cyber cafe. Not even like, 1 free hour of internet per day. How the hell am I supposed to relax when I can't stay connected or find out what the weather is or check work emails or buy tickets to an event. But on top of the $30 per day "resort fee" you can pay $14.99 per day to connect to the wireless. This is the reason why I'll never come back.One of the reasons I picked this place is because of their advertised 45 gym classes per week. Turns out the gym is full of old equipment and really dark purple lights that makes it hard to see. And the one spin class I saw, the instructor was not only NOT on a bike, he took a bathroom break in the middle of class! So unprofessional.The walls here are paper thin. Which means anytime anyone walks past your room, you will hear their entire conversation. I also had a crying baby in the room below me, and I got to hear it wail all night long.No in-room starbucks. Crappy no-name coffee and tea. No sugar or stir sticks provided. No robes (I brought my own)Ok so this place is not that expensive. Definitely great for families looking to keep their kids entertained without blowing the budget. But definitely not as fancy as some places in Scottsdale.
2	Spent 4 nights - I have stayed here before and things have changed. #1 new lobby -very nice and the lobby grill is a nice addition. I like the fire pits outside the lobby facing the golf course - great place to relax and sip a beverage. A few things I did not like: #1 $30.00 resort fee per day - excessive and total hold-up- I would have preferred being mugged at least that would have been a good story LOL #2 $14.99 per day for WIFI access in your room - you can only use one device if you try to use your laptop and maybe ipad you get charged double - go figure that one out, #3 the rooms are showing a lot of wear and need updating badly - my room painting had not been done, stains on carpets, TVs are like 12 years old and small, lamp shades were scratched -overall major update is needed. Would I stay here again - probably not if the resort fee is still applied and if the rooms are not updated anytime soon.
4	Went here a couple of years ago with several families for spring break.  Was thinking at the time that it may not be the best time to visit however we had a wonderful time.The hotel itself was very nice and the staff provided excellent service throughout.  The grounds were up kept nicely and the interior was very clean.The primary reason we picked this place is due to the fact is that they offered a water park on the premises for the kids.  Well I should have left it for the kids but me being the entertaining dad that I am decided to go on it as well.  I ended up going on the slides several time and the inner kid in me was now out in full.  Little did I know that going down a chute at 800mph and hitting a pool of water would hurt??  I ended up with bruises from my butt down the length of my leg.  OMG!!  Still had fun though but next time I will leave that to the real kids and I will stick to the lazy river.The only real issue with this is its location.  It is located right in the city so there really is no break from civilization.  The nice thing though is that you really don't notice it when on the grounds.A fun trip but I don't know that I would go back.  I would look for something a little more secluded.
4	Went to AZ Grand resort in the beginning of April for a working vacation.  Great staff, good and clean! water park.  Very close to the airport and good location.  Surrounding areas have good gas prices. Stayed here twice for business.  We stayed during Spring Break and thought the room was a little dirty.  The second time was during a less crazier week and the rooms were immaculate.  Didn't like the layout or the small televisions sets but it had good amount of channels and we didn't stay in the room.  Although you can hear noises outside the door, the walls were not paper thin if you stayed in a room that did not have an adjoining door into another room.  They had an Easter Egg Hunt for resort guest kids.TIPS-BYO Internet connection -Very noisy towards the weekend (Thursday - Sun) and weeks surrounding holidays.  Kid noise, like squealing, it is a family-friendly resort.
3	Went there on a business trip and the place was really nice. The only thing that I didn't like about it, is that the walls are thin and the TV's are small. When you picture Grand Resort you would think that it would be grand in the inside. I mean you pay a lot of money and you walk in and its ok. The staff there is really nice and helpful. The food is great but it would be nice if they had more option between lunch and dinner. Cuz lunch and dinner is the same menu. I liked the gym a lot they have better TV's there then in your room and the hot tubs are really relaxing. There is a lot of things close by... there is a Fry's Enterprise across the street, about a half a mile from the resort  there is a outlet mall that is big. So all in all its ok...but if your a golfer then this is the place to be. So I've heard.
1	This place is NOT a 4 star hotel as they try to state they are.  We paid $300 a night expecting to have a nice experience at what is supposed to be a guest only water park. The park was just like any other public water park. There was absolutely no place to sit and the chairs if you could find one were cheap with cheap towels.  We never even made it to our room as we checked out as soon as we experienced the pool.  BTW we found out that they constantly run special pricing cutting room rates to about 100 a night.  This is why the water park is packed and for those of us that expect to receive  4star $300 a night hotel service will be out of luck at this hotel. Might be worth it if you get one of their cheap deals.
5	My parents would stay here when they visited while I was a student at ASU.  It is less than 10 minutes away and is the best resort you can stay at that is within range of ASU.  While I was a student I would come to the AZ Grand pools to read or hang out by the fire pit at night.  When I go back to visit, I will try to stay here (if I can afford it on my budget).  Avoid Rustlers Roost, but stay here.
3	3.5 stars Customer service, customer service, customer service.  What happened to customer service.  We pulled up in our rental car and they escorted us 50 yards to the hotel where we were told we would be on the second floor.  The "bellhop" pointed up and then said "you're right up there, you probably don't need help with your bags".  I replied "that is correct, took my bags, place the $10 bill I had out for him back in my pocket and proceeded to the second floor with my family.  The hotel was very nice, clean and accommodating.  Restaurant was nice.  Water Park was fun. Looses points because they wanted you to pay, and pay alot,  for Wifi.
3	I love having hotels close by in my own city that are nice.  Sometimes you just don't feel like falling asleep at your own house.  So, make it a date night and get comfortably drunk without having to worry about driving home and killing a line of cute baby ducks or hopping on a bus with a bladder full of beer-induced urine.The property itself is, of course, very, very nice and big and sprawling.  The rooms are pretty nice themselves.  Even if a suite is small, I always enjoy having a separated living area and sleeping area.  It really doesn't do much for a lot of people aesthetically, but I love it.  Even if it's the size of a regular room, I just enjoy having that segregated living area with a couch and a TV.The ballrooms and the meeting spaces are all uniformly gorgeous.  If you're hosting a corporate even and need to have dining arranged for a couple hundred attendees, this place is just about perfect for it.Of course, I have my complaints.  Some of the decor around the property is beyond cheesy.  Some of the columns and other decorations looks like they're made out of a reinforced paper mache.  The TV's you get in your room are really, really crappy.  Like, if my TV at home is better, it's gotta be pretty shitty because my TV at home is pretty damn shitty.  If you have a kid and you want them to be distracted, you're gonna have to get those fuckers pretty pickled because I think the most technologically advanced gaming they have is a Game Cube and the games are expensive as hell to rent.Because it's a resort, expect to pay a buttfuck load of money.  A cup of coffee with your breakfast is like $4.25.  Jesus fucknuts.  Pretty serious shit.Overall, if you're offered a reasonable rate for a room here, it's worth it.  There's a 21+ swimming pool--no kids.  Ahhhh it's sweet.  There's a waterpark, too and the waterpark has a bar so if you don't have the guts to conquer the tall slide, take a shot of their cheapest tequila and see what you're made of.The customer service here, I thought, was really awesome.  Everyone was so nice.  They must have decent management because I used to work at a resort and everyone who worked at that one was in a bad mood all the time.
4	Like the rooms.  Old school tv's but if you are into Golfing this is a great place.  The Bar Rocks!!!
2	They should change the name of their water park from Oasis to Shit Creek. Or The Poop Deck. Or maybe Poo-nami. We stayed there last night and the water slides and lazy river were closed yesterday afternoon and again this morning. This same thing occurred when we stayed at the resort in July, 2009. I asked the employee at the entrance/exit if this was a common occurrence and she said, basically, yes. Today it was a "Code 2" which means poop in the pool. I complained that parents need to put their kids in swim diapers and she said that it was an ADULT that pooped in the pool the day before. AN ADULT! Disgusting.
4	Quite nice.  The private water park is a blast for kids and keeps kids away from the other pools which is a blast for adults.
4	My sister booked two rooms for the out of town relatives at graduation time. Adults got the beds and kids used the pull out sofa. I would definitely not put an adult that you care about on the sofa bed. We were promised a certain room (to be near the other one) but when we checked in they gave us a different one. It was way far away so we called to ask why. They said the guest from the previous night extended so the room was unavailable. Ok. How about something on the ground level not too far from the waterpark? No problem. The guy came down from the office and met us at the new room with keys. It was a good location, facing the courtyard so it was pretty and quiet, but a very short walk to the small pool or the big waterpark. I liked how the room was set up with the sink, dressers and mirrors outside the bathroom. We had a patio that was nice to dry our suits on. Things dry fast there. Used the in room safe. Had the guy empty out the fridge so that our kids wouldn't rack up charges without us knowing. I would consider staying here again just to have use of the waterpark. Friends of guests are allowed to purchase entry to the waterpark as well (15 each I believe). It had a hot tub, wave pool and lazy river as well as two water slides. The slides have a 48" height requirement and our daredevil (and taller than average) 5 yr old cried because they would not let her go. I only wish they had something that the younger kids could do, other than the tame features. Overall a great time, great room, for a reasonable price.
3	Living Social made me an offer I couldn't refuse...one night in a suite at the Arizona Grand Resort in Phoenix, four passes to their onsite water park, a $50 gift certificate to their onsite spa (ummm...massage!), and two free breakfasts at their onsite restaurant. It was only a tiny bend of the straight line between San Diego and Las Cruces and offered me relaxation and a break from driving...so I bought the deal for the budget pleasing price of $129.It was PACKED...a beehive of kids from 0 to 16...and parents who were thrilled to have them distracted long enough so they could sneak off to the onsite spa or the onsite golf course or lounge by one of the 100 onsite pools in peace. I saw many a man gazing lovingly at the Budweiser clutched lovingly in his hands. Both Sophie and I shuddered to imagine the water quality in the pools we dipped our sweaty bodies into. I had a nice massage...not the best I've ever had, not the worst I've ever had. Breakfast was kind of a nightmare...a 45 minute wait with the added torture of staring longingly at several empty tables. Service was always great...If you're not into being surrounded by kids, I'd bypass this place...
2	Very torn for this review. I truly liked my stay and this was a nice place. Old, but nice.That being said the service was great, although this was quick stop for a graduation ceremony, my husband and I did stay in a suite. This suite had two tube TV's, a CD player, no microwave and a view of the trash can from the next building over. Again, nice but you can tell that the building is old and could use some renovations. When we looked it up on a few of our favorite travel sites it had good reviews which is also why I am torn it was nice but not as nice as it looks. Just a heads up!!
2	I went here for a business conference.  Granted, I just came back from a REALLY nice place in NYC, but I still expected something amazing since it was called the GRAND RESORT.  I must agree with fellow yelpers that it seemed a bit outdated.  I did not like the rooms.  There was a baby sink and mirror area.  A bazaar bar in the living room that just didn't seem to fit.  The beds were mediocre.  I did enjoy the kid free pool!  I found it very hard to find my way around this damn place!  I got lost several times :)  I did appreciate their concierge service - very helpful.  I needed a sewing kit to fix a button that came off - $7 later, I had one small thing of thread, baby scissors and a needle.  Drinks and food were sky high.  We ended up walking down to a little mexican food restaurant nearby.  I don't think I would go back...
4	We had a great experience here. We were in camelback hotel ground floor near the pool. The room was nice and having the separate sitting room, wet bar and little dining area was a pleasant surprise.     We spent one day (a weekday) at the little water park area, it was not too busy and being two adults that was nice. We were able to float the river, and in the wave pool with out too many kids messing about. We also did the slides and the wait was maybe 5 minutes. The pool area was pretty clean, it looks a little old but its not bad.     Also there is a 18 and over pool near the spa/gym.     We had a small bite at the bar by the pool, we shared the veggie burger which was a chipotle black bean burger not my favorite burger but it was ok, and a small nacho which was typical pool food.     Walking around the resort at night is really nice, lots of little waterfalls all lit up, hidden sitting areas and it was really peaceful around the golf coarse.        One night we walked up the hill to the Rustlers Rooste, which i could see being a pretty fun place on the weekend. There is a live bull and kids play area out side, live band and dancing inside, and a small arcade. We already ate dinner so we got a beer from the bar played some Frogger then sat out on the balcony and looked over the city. Great views. A few downfalls of the resort 1) $30 a night resort fee....    included is            entrance to the water park for 4 people your whole stay            daily news paper            free valet            shuttle to mall     not included              internet2) we extended our stay a few days before checking in, but had to check out and check back in for the extra days. not a huge deal but defiantly a inconvenience.3) parking, We are not big on valet and the self parking near our room was very limited.
4	3 Stays this summer to an overly sensitive mouse and me thinking I got an amazing deal - which I did - Water park on the property, 4 pools that I found in the 2 different buildings I stayed in.Rooms are a bit Golden Girls motif and TVs are small and gasp - not flat screens - but spacious suite style with mini bars. The bathrooms NEED updating - very small!!Over all great hotel, but facelift wouldn't hurt a bit -
2	Arrived and an hour wait just to check-in.  Lobby is hot, uncomfortable temp wise.  Very poor customer service so far, especially for the price.
5	Arrived on a week day with my 5 year old son, They were nice enough to give us a free upgrade on our room to be closer to the water park. There was a female bartender poolside who really made my sons day (strawberry smoothie with gummy bears) and our experience memorable. I was very impressed how friendly everyone was in 107 degree heat. Im really happy with our experience and we travel to phoenix a couple times a month and now well make this our regular spot!  Every dollar was worth it. I really liked that you can charge things to the room and not have to keep pulling your card out.
1	i'm pretty sure robin williams was staying in our room right before we arrived bc our room was covered in pubic hair.there was a dirty, pubic hair filled towel hanging up in our bathroomour sheets had pubes everywherethe walls were filthy with black stains (see pic) the life guards are so intense. i felt like i was getting yelled at the whole time and i wasn't even doing anything. they just feel like shouting about the rules constantly. total kill-joys.the breakfast buffet was actually surprisingly goodand the customer service was wonderful, the staff is super friendly. special shout out to their pillows. amazing pillows. i won't be back though.ps...i originally gave this review 2 stars until the hilarious Heather C. pointed out the below. she is so right! and i can't stop laughing. "Didn't you read the Yelp guidelines?  Pubes = 1 star no matter how great everything else is!!!!  You've just told the world, "yeah, the pubes were okay, but I've had better." hahahahaha
4	I was here over the labor day weekend with my livingsocial deal that I got a few months ago and my family and I had a great time! The rooms were nice, well maintained and friendly staff but the perk of this place was the waterpark in the resort which was so much fun. We literally spent our entire first day at the resort at the waterpark which has a lazy pool, a wave pool, big fun kinda scary slides and a toddler pool. Fun fun fun for the whole family! On the second day, we had breakfast buffet at the lobby grill which they had a nice tasty selection of omelet station, french toast, cereal, pastries, yummy bacon, oatmeal and fruits. After breakfast, we hung out at one of the two pools in our hotel complex and then headed over to the waterpark where in the evening they had a movie to watch while still enjoying the pool amenities. How cool!The wife also had a facial at their spa which she said was relaxing and worth every penny. This is definitely a place to go with the family.
3	A bit weary an tired but a friendly and well trained staff make it all better.  The water park was fun, especially for the kids.  A good little get away for the family while visiting friends in Phoenix.
1	I am actually writing this review from my room at the hotel now.Very disapointed in this place.  My wife and I have been here for a week and even with the deal I got on our room I feel like I've overpaid.  In fact the only good thing about this place so far is that it was cheap.- Rooms are old and dirty.  I was told that some of the rooms have been renovated and are nice but not the room that we were given thats for sure.  Stains all over the carpets, bird droppings all over the balcony and balcony furniture.  Pretty gross.  Not to mention both the TVs were small, old and unwatchable which was actually a problem seeing how none of the pools were worth going to but more on those later.- Maid service was horrible and non-existant.  We have been for 5 days and have maid service only three times.  On the second time we happened to come back to our room while the maid was still there, she locked herself in our room and had both TVs on a spanish soap opera and was visibly annoyed that we wanted in to our room.  She didn't even "clean" the room and simply changed out the towels and made the bed.  Bags for ice (the ice bucket was too dirty to use without one) were never replenished, garbage on top of the mini-bar was never removed and room service trays were not being picked up.  Our breakfast trays sit outside in the hot Arizona sun until the next morning when our new breakfast is delivered.  The plus side of this is that we had an entertaining bird fight outside our room last night.- Pools.  So they charge a 30$/day resort fee.  The theory here is that the 30/day gives us full access to the water park, pools, gym etc. which is a great idea although the water park is closed during the week, the gym is ok but the other pools... DISGUSTING.  More bird droppings everywhere and garbage in the water.  There is a pool that advertises a swim up bar.. sure there is something that looks like a bar.. but no alcohol or even an attendant to serve you.  Some of the pools have a phone you can use to order from a limited menu but they can't even get basic orders right.- Room Service.  Very limited menu and as with most places overpriced.  This plus they seem to not understand basic instructions like "do not toast my sandwhich please".  My wife -- after THREE times asking for it to be made right finally gave up and just ate it as it was.This place does have potential but apparently they are understaffed and those that do work here do not seem to care and it really needs updating and cleaning.Would not stay here again.
4	Impressive venue, excellent service, highly recommended
1	I booked a suite for a conference. They tried to put me in a small room, which was 1/3 the area of the suite i paid for. And told me that it was MORE EXPENSIVE than the king suite. They insulted my intelligence and their service level.
2	Brian was great, ahi tuni salad was one of the best I have had in years. I was there for a biz conference, paid for by me. The place is so sprawling with no rhyme or reason for the layout. I would never go back;  people got lost, very few elevators, conference food not great. Rooms were tired with 2 tube TV's. Other hotels in Scottsdale that I have been to many times are far superior, like the Marriott & Phoenician. Underwhelmed.
3	Attended a conference and stayed in a suite.  Beautiful grounds.  Rooms were very nice but TVs need to be updated.  Conference rooms were great.  Would have liked to coffee/pastry concession to be open in the conference center.
2	Conference Center was very good.  Rooms however are old and dirty: carpets are stained, Tube TVs are old and remotes are missing the numbers on them. I was there for a conference and paid $150/night in the winter so we could not use the pools even if we had time.  The grounds are beautiful but get ready to WALK. Over 200 acres that the hotel sits on, multiple buildings, multiple pools, no drink machines they want you to buy from the minibar, no free wi-fi in the rooms ($15/day), all areas are semi-dark near the rooms and the bellmen drive you around on golf carts.  The People were wonderful!! Very helpful, Very Nice and accommodating!!
4	Great place for business.  The bar is a nice place to meet clients and have a few laughs.  The conference rooms were good and it is a good place for exhibitors and customers to meet.  Looking forward to coming back next year.
4	I was part of a conference when I visited here and I have to say I was quite impressed.  I had a Villa so I was quite spoiled.  With a full kitchen, huge bath, walk-in closet and patio overlooking the golf course and waterfalls, it was an amazing week.The lobby restaurant has the best pizza and pancakes I may have ever eaten.  The bell staff are responsive and kind.  The meeting facilities, while separated and unflowing, are ample and well maintained.  The price here is the best part.  If you're looking for a resort vacation in the Phoenix area at any time of the year on a budget, this is the place!
2	Sprawling tired resort with $30 a day resort fee and lots of tipping opportunities. The resort fee was supposed to be waived for those attending the event, and was with restrictions like we couldn't use the fitness center. Only stayed here because the conference was here. We told the front desk that we were there for the conference, and wanted to be with the other Realtors, and instead they put us in a Mountainside Villa that was a hike to get to the event.
3	I've stayed here 3 times while on business in Phoenix. Each time was a different experience. The number of stars I'd give this place varies with each experience but I'm going to settle on 3. I was spoiled during my first stay at the Grand. I checked in, and was given a full sized Villa room. Holy crap! This room was so nice, I was completely shocked. I didn't understand how this place could have anything but 5 star reviews. The bathroom was absolutely amazing (almost bigger than my bedroom back home!) with a huge beautifully glassed encased shower and a large Japanese soaking tub. Also had standard double sinks and plenty of towels and toiletries. The room also had a full living room and FULL kitchen. This was no kitchenette. Full sized refrigerator/freezer with ice dispenser. Dishwasher. Fully stocked with dishes, cutlery and cooking utensils (not that I would cook while there, that's what per diems are for). And then the separate bedroom. All in all, wowzers!I also checked out the gym 2 of the 3 days on my first stay. Really nice full service gym. Plenty of cardio machines, 2 or 3 different weight room setups, and a group fitness class area. They even had some TRX ropes set up in there. I was very pleased that there was such a nice area to enjoy a morning sweat session.Fast forward to my second visit. After the luxurious experience I had the first time around, I check in and head to my room, fully expecting the same setup. But when I walk in, I am literally shocked at the stark different between the Camelback rooms and the villas. None of the nice, modern conveinences existed here. There were 2 tube tvs (one in the small entry way living room, and one in the bedroom). The bathroom was absolutely tiny. So cramped that the toilet was crammed next to the shower and the sink was outside the bathroom. Blah. I called the front desk and was like, woah, this is definitely not the same room I stayed in last time. I was informed that on my previous visit all of the Camelback rooms were full so I had been automatically upgraded. Wish I had known that in advance so I could have reset my expectations! Because anything less than the villa was just a disappointment. Only good thing, again, was the gym (the saving grace of this hotel as others in the area don't compare).The last time I was in Phoenix for work I decided to give the Grand one more try, hoping I would get lucky enough to be upgraded to a villa again. I halfway got my wish. I was upgraded, but not to a full villa, it was a villa guestroom. It was definitely much nicer than the Camelback rooms, no complaints there. But it was less than half the size of the full villa, the bathroom shared only a few of the qualities of the full villa that I had loved (no glass encased shower), and there was no ice in the room. The full villa had spoiled me! At least this room had a TV from this century, and it was certainly cozy enough to suffice. Again, the gym saves the day.Given the rates my company has with this place, I'll likely be back. Hopefully I'll get to live the high life in the villas though, because the thought of slumming it in the other rooms makes me shudder.
1	Came here for business trip. The event was complete pain and all escalations were fumbled by an incompetent staff. We came for an interview event, and here are a few of the mishaps:1. One of the rooms we paid (a lot) for was normally a storage closet2. All the doors locked behind automatically. This was never fixed and caused multiple lockouts3. Staff walking in to rooms many times during the day unannounced which was very distracting4. Catering took our water and coffee before end of event. When we went to get water they charge us $5 a bottleNo one project managed this, and it was the downfall of our event and experience. Will not be coming back.Side notes:1. Water park was small and unimpressive, but nice as a bonus maybe?2. You will be nickle and dime TO DEATH (ON EVVVVERYTHING)
5	Why 5 stars? Because we have never come to JUST stay in the rooms, or for a conference... 5 stars for the 5 times our family has enjoyed the Oasis Waterpark!! It is a blast! And has been so super relaxing when just my spouse and I.  You can flip up a flag on your beach chair and someone will be by to take your order.  I think that getting 2 days of fun for 1 night stay at the resort is superb! (Day of check-in & day of check-out).  For memories, if you like to swim, it's a great place to go!
2	This place could be so much better.  I had a king suite in the Camelback building.  While the size and layout of the room was impressive it really needed some updating.  The TVs were all the old tube style.  There were stains on the carpet and the pillows on the couch.  The outside of this place is impressive but the rooms are something less than desired.
2	The water park is the highlight of this resort.  3 great water slides, lazy river and a wave pool.  For the adults they have a great bar at the pool.  The park gets really busy on the weekend so if you go, get there early.The fitness center was great for a resort.  It had several classes each day from spin to TRX to Cross-fit.  The room on the other hand was very outdated.  The TV's looked like they where built in the 70's, for $300 a night they could at least put a flat screen in the room. There is also a $40/ day resort fee.  WI-FI was very slowStaff was friendly with everyone I encountered.
1	Terrible!   Super expensive for a rundown hotel.  Poor service with staff making terrible decisions.   Water park is so crowded we went to another pool.  Not enough chairs anywhere to accommodate guests.   Everybody I talked to shared my feelings on this resort.  We are checking out early and heading to another resort....buyer beware!   Find another resort!
1	Ummm...  This is NOT a 4 Star resort as many sites suggest.  2 or 2.5 perhaps?  Never - NEVER a 4.  Our room was dirty.  The tub didn't drain.  We found bugs.  The fridge didn't get cold.  The floor was filthy/carpet stained.  No patio furniture - as all the hotel photos suggest.  Did we have a private balcony?  Yes, no chairs though....  Old fashion - non-HD TV's.  Very dated and in need of TLC.  It is weird, because the website said it was newly remodeled?  Maybe 10 years ago.  I wouldn't go back, and would not recommend it.  The water park was nice though, but the onsite restaurants blew.  Terrible food, terrible service.
3	Just got back from a 3 day stay at the resort. Our room was nice and clean... bed more comfortable than mine at home... tv was old school...but when do really watch tv on vacation. We went to the water park... which was a lot of fun for my 16year old neice and my two boys. Ate at the Lobby Grill and the food is over priced and not that tasty. Thank God they are near the Arizona Mills and other restrurants. I will say this... we were the only "minority" there. Their demographic is mainly Caucasians and some their guest were looking at us like we were out of place or lost. I don't think I would return for another stay... maybe if they diversify their demographic target.
1	if we'd checked out one day early i would have rated this place about 3.5 stars.  unfortunately on our last night the fire alarm was pulled at 1:45am and remained on at earsplitting volume for more than 10 minutes, long after the front desk had already assured me it was a false alarm.  then the next morning we found that someone had thrown a glass mug through the back window of our car, completely shattering it.  the police came and security broke out the remainder of the window and vacuumed our car but that was it.  we drove home without a back window.there are only three reasons to stay here:1. you have kids with you and the water park will be open (check hours)2. you have a conference to attend here3. you like golf and want to play the coursei wouldn't recommend a couple stay here for a romantic weekend or anything.  i'm sure there are nicer and cheaper hotels for that.the location is pretty good, lots of good restaurants and shopping nearby.  there is a fry's electronics across the street.the hotel itself is large and spread out.  from the sedona building it is pretty far trek to the lobby.the inside of the rooms have been fairly recently remodeled, at least in the sedona building (still has tube tvs though), but all four of the couch cushions had stains on the undersides, as did the blanket for the person sleeping on the couch. the outside of the buildings are old and tired.  the water park is pretty great overall but it has surprisingly limited hours, particularly for the slides and the lazy river.there is a $40/day resort fee.if you decide to stay here, bring your ear plugs and your car insurance and don't park in front of the sedona building.
4	So after our last poor experience, the resort called me and vowed to make the situation right. They brought us back and all the problems prior were fixed. The event was smooth, and we were well taken care of. I am hopeful the last experience was a fluke. I was impressed they went so far to correct a bad experience.Still would like to see rooms lose the old tube TVs :)
2	Well i was taking my partner on a romantic "stay-cation" after being together for five years and never doing anything like this i thought what an amazing idea for a birthday gift! a night away from the 3 kids (our dogs) ! i was pumped about the water park and the suite! when we got there we were greeted wonderfully! we got our room key fast ! and was directed to our room personally! i felt very "Luxury" per say. Our room was perfect size! we had a great view! very comfortable bed! and lots of towels! so far so good! we were super hungry! and i was still super excited that my surprise had works and so far was going perfect. We went to the Grill in the lobby for dinner. The food was , how do i say this.... gross... and over priced! as a starter we got "Asian inspired chips and dip" it was basically fried won-ton noodles and mayo, it was like eating a heart attack. for dinner we both ordered the club , it was thick cut meat that didn't taste fresh and burnt Bacon. We also ordered two pina coladas even tho they tasted wonderful to our surprise we both sipped up sharp plastic ! after the waitress (Amanda, the rudest waitress ever) brought back a new one the explanation i got was " Oh! it was part of the box sorry! here's a larger one!" . all i can say is dessert was NOT on the agenda. The next day we went to the water park, it was beautiful and clean and the women at the entrance was very nice! we did just so happen to forget our IDs in the car so we said if we want to drink we will go get them but for now we will just swim and have fun. After a while in the lazy river and enjoying tanning by the wave pool we thought lets give that pina colada another try, this time we can watch while she makes it. We went all the way back to our car to retrieve our IDS so we can get an orange wrist band (that means you can drink) . The woman at the entrance was very nice and great full that we walked to our car to get our IDs she then gave us the new bands so we were good to go. once back in the pool area again we went to the bar. We were ignored at first , she asked people who had just walked up as if we weren't waiting there looking at her. way before even saying hello to us, with out making ANY eye contact she said "what can i get you girls" no "hello!" ? we ordered the Prickly pear and strawberry colada's (very good) she looked up and said nothing but continued making the ofter peoples drinks. Then after finishing with the other people Never once asking for Their IDs she came back and said " Ill need to see IDs" rude as if we we stole these bracelets.  Now i know we look young but are we not wearing orange wrist bands?? so either you don't trust the woman at the gate or you don't want my 9.50$ a drink! Trust me i am all for NO underage drinking but if I'm spending this much money to stay here and have a drink i don't want to feel like I'm being questioned or have some one insinuate I'm lying . All and All would i go back yes... but could the employees use some serious attitude adjustments ? YES! just cause I'm 25 does not mean my 300$ isn't as good as anyone Else's.
2	This review is for the spa services. The facial was extremely disappointing - the room was not clean, the bed was squeaky and the therapist had very poor technique.  The facial was at a level you get at a cheep salon, not what you should expected from a five start spa.  The rest area at the spa was not up to par - the beds were uncomfortable, overall service and the atmosphere was not what you expect for the price.  And on top of that, my lunch was 40 min late.  One bright spot of the day was the body treatment.
3	This resort is really set up for golfers. It's not young, it's not hip. It's not in a great location for going out. However, if you end up staying here and don't golf there's still plenty to do as long as your plan is to relax. Otherwise to get "off campus" expect to pay a minimum of $20 for a taxi.The resort has some small pools set up for guests that reminded me of Melrose Place - lounge chairs, hot tubs, palm trees and a small clubhouse with bathrooms and endless towels. You can also call and order poolside food & beverage service. When I was there a few weeks ago it was just me and a few other people at the pool. I got to read a lot in the sun. If you're looking for more excitement then you can try out their water park - a nice lazy river and two really tall scary fun slides. However if you go expect it to be filled with kids and families on the weekend.They also have nice spa services and a pretty well equipped gym with a nice locker room, steam room and therapeutic hot tub. While staying there you can join any of the fitness classes.The cafe serves decent food and the people working there are super helpful and nice. Example: we had some wine out on the patio for dinner and wanted some nibbles, but didn't want to order a full appetizer. The waitress was nice enough to bring out some fried wontons with dip for us when we explained what we were looking for - all complimentary - and they were yummy. The lunches and dinners I had there were actually much better than anything nearby that was "off campus".The rooms are okay. Nothing special. We got a room with 2 queen beds and it was pretty tight in there with 4 girls. Not impressed with that.Overall, since I had to stay there it was okay but I probably wouldn't choose to come back.
3	Came here for a conference with the spousal unit.  I was expecting great things as the resort was advertised as "4 diamond".  Well, on the pro side, the room is huge.  There is a living room/ conference room--yes we have a huge conference table big enough for 8 of our friends to join us for a business meeting if we are suddenly overcome with an urge to throw one.  There is a nice seating area--I assume the couch will open up to a bed--and a sink and teeny fridge, which is full of soda, beer, water, rock star beverages and candy; for which they will charge you a pretty penny.  A sink and toilet is located down a small hallway.  Then there are double doors and a decent size room with a large closet and nice sized bathroom.However, no lotion, no shower caps no sewing kits:  nothing except 3 teensy bottles of shampoo, etc.  There is a  magnifying mirror, but it's not lighted........4 diamonds?More cons:The old-fashioned tv's have already been mentioned in several reviews; yup, not updated yet.No desk, no charging station for guests' numerous electronic devices, scratchy towels, too soft pillows and NO robes or slippers--the worst for me as I purposely packed neither.  Pros:  the bed is really comfortable, the two air conditioning thermostats work quickly and efficiently, the windows open and there is a door to a small, oddly shaped patio (which has no chairs).This is not a terrible hotel.  It is very large, the rooms are decent and the parking in the Sedona rooms is very convenient.  I can't comment on the gym as I didn't feel like paying an extra $15 per visit and so drove myself to the very close by LA Fitness instead. What I find very annoying is the 4 diamond rating they tout all over the place.  Bottom line:  This hotel simply does not have the amenities a genuine 4 diamond hotel should have.
2	I did not stay here but went to visit out of town friends who stayed here.  The hotel was definitely not designed for anyone with any type of mobility issue - steps everywhere!  Steps to get ice.  Steps to get to the pool area.  Steps to get to the lobby.  Can you find a way around some of these steps?  Sure - if you don't mind going into the parking lot and circling around the building while cars drive past you.  The rooms seem nice but there is no way on earth I will EVER stay here.  This hotel doesn't seem to have any concern for the disabled whatsoever.
2	We purchased a living social deal for $139 which was said to include a one nights stay in a king size suite, a $28 breakfast, and a $50 spa credit. However, the breakfast cost more than $28 and was basically disgusting. The toast had the burnt parts scraped off. No joke! For $36 we got burnt toast and greasy eggs. The waiters had NO IDEA what they were doing or what they had. Every question I asked was met with an, "I'm not sure," or the wrong answer. The dinner, which cost us over $100, was mediocre at best. The highlight of our $30 steaks was the mashed potatoes, which didn't even come with it, we had to pay for it as a side. The waiter didn't know how much wine came in a wine glass. He guessed it was a 4oz pour. I'm having a $100 dinner, and your waiter doesn't know how big of a pour you have for your wine? Isn't that like training 101? And to top it all off, I left my sunglasses at the table (we were the ONLY table there with the exception of the family sitting 4 tables away) and of course they "hadn't seen them," when we came back.So come to find out, the spa credit for $50 covers half of a pathetic massage. My fiance gives me better massages and they are free.I liked that the room was clean, and the water park was fun. However they charged my account for everything, and my fiances account for everything. They also double charged my account for the spa visit. So all in all, our $139 turned into over $900. So be weary when going to this resort.
2	I wouldnt call this a premiere resort. The suite was small, and needed a major update to compete with other area resorts, ie. Tube television. The bathroom was very small and in one of our rooms was missing toilet paper and a working lock. The grounds looked like they needed a major paint job and some pruning of plants.  I had a lovely view of the highway, but luckily the noise was not a problem. On the upside, the kids enjoyed thw waterpark, but at times the lazy river and slides were closed. There was confusion over the opening times on Sat, which left our girls frustrated. If you are looking for a focus on kids waterpark, okay grounds and room, this will work for you.  If you are more interested in an overall resort experience, go to the Fairmont Princess.
2	This is a hard review to write. So I'll need to rate it on several different criteria:The good:Hotel lobby & rooms: very beautiful, spacious and well appointed. Our family of 4 enjoyed the layout. Very much like an upgraded embassy suites - which works great for a family of 4! The valet people couldn't have been nicer.On-site Water park - yay! 2 tall slides, a lower loopy slide (my fave) a lazy river and a wave pool. Free towels, plenty of shade, and decent chair service. Plus a good amount of self serve icy water. Very appreciated. Plus regular pools and hot tubs near your rooms.The badThey are trying to save money in every direction, which makes it all seem very thrifty in a luxury setting.- Lots of signs and Chatter about buying a timeshare- They closed the lobby sundry store before 7:00 pm!!! Both nights!! Posted times were open weekly until 9:30.- you are charged a $40.00 resort fee per suite that covers a bunch of stuff you don't need, but includes 2 good items: free wifi (although it's slow) and free water park admission. So it's a wash for me. I don't need the free valet - its a 10' walk, nor the USA today delivered, nor a one way shuttle to the mall.The uglyI was smoking mad about the lobby store closing before the posted time. My plan had been to stop in after our dinner (we dined in their lobby restaurant) and pick up some breakfast items, plus some wine. Instead we paid $30 for a bottle of wine at the restaurant, and $50 for breakfast room delivery. And on that, it was late, and several items were missing. We had an early appointment, and couldn't use the lobby restaurant. Total bust.When I called the lobby reception to ask about it, they couldn't have cared less. They said "well yeah, they leave if it's dead".The cost of keeping an employee in there is $15.00 an hour. They would have sold 100.00 based on myself, and the 2 other couples that we're not sure why it was closed. Sadly, this just points to a very inexperienced manager in the economics area. Basically, 1 customer an hour will break it even.Would I stay here again? Yes. The Rooms are great. But it's just not a high end experience. We ate at 2 of the restaurants, and both were marginal at best.If you have kids, stay here. But don't eat here (it's really overpriced for crappy food). And do use the coupons they give you!
3	Great value for the money. The water park is fun, plus they have a lot of smaller, quieter pools where you can relax. The staff is very friendly, but housekeeping doesn't clean your room until @ 4:30!  I would definitely stay here again. Warning, the sofa bed isn't very comfortable, you can feel the springs when you sleep.
3	We had a short mid-week stay with my two kids (10, 12). Overall the place is pretty great.  The kids loved the water park and I thought the staff and service were excellent.  The room was also very nice, but what is up with the 80's tv's.  Not a big deal until we settled in for the night to watch a movie.On site restaurants were also good, we at the Lobby Restaurant and Aunt Chiladas (they shuttled us there in a golf cart, it was pretty fun).
3	I loved the water park the rooms are good but the customer service is awful. We called for extra blankets and pillows they did not have any. When i called the front desk it took 30 min before someone finally answered. If it wasnt for the waterpark id give it 1 star.
1	The Good:The kids loved the Oasis Water Park. We were fortunate to have an overcast day and we played all day on the lazy river, wave pool and water slides. It was a blast.The Bad:They gouge you on food prices. I couldn't believe we spent $200 on food in a single day and didn't even eat dinner there. We had two corn dogs, nachos (that sucked), chicken fingers and four colas for $65! Breakfast was nearly $60 and the Embassy Suites free breakfast buffet is MUCH better. The rooms are really dated. The televisions were small old CRTs from the 80s only one generation removed from having a dial on the t.v. to change the channel. I can't imagine a scenario where I'll return with the family. We could have bought season passes from Wet n' Wild for the same amount we spent at the Arizona Grand for a single day.
3	Great place for elementary school age kids.  Water park doesn't appeal much to middle school and high school crowd.   Rooms were clean, but nothing spectacular.   Overall grounds were well kept.   Not much in the surrounding area - although Arizona Mills Malls is nearby
1	NOTE: Our stay could have been an entirely different experience had we not booked a stay the weekend after a Livingsocial.com deal was made available.  We did not buy that deal, we were regular customers...Ok, starting at the beginning.  - Check-in is 4:00pm.  We got there at 3:50pm, arrived to a line of no less than 30 people.  NO rooms were available for us.  They temporarily checked us in and said we could go to the water park and call back in an hour to see if a room was ready... but, the only place to change was at the Athletic Club clear on the opposite side of the park.  By the time we hiked over there and back it was 5pm.  Our room wasn't ready until 6:40 (we called about 5 times until they finally had one ready.)  - The room was HOT.  It was on the top floor and really never cooled down, even after we removed a gross, dirty air filter (I'll be posting a picture in case you're into looking at icky stuff.)  If you're one of those people who likes it very quiet to sleep, top floor is bad.- Also, on the noise topic, our bathtub dripped so bad it sounded like the faucet was on a slow trickle the whole time.  Water wasters!  Side note, the bathroom was so small you had to step out of the way to shut the door.  A large person might need to step into the tub to shut the door. :(- Gross... there were several places of STICKY on the carpeting.  2 were right in places where normal people put their feet all the time so that was annoying and nobody should have been in that room until that was cleaned (but they were completely sold out because of the LivingSocial.com deal.)- The railings along the walkways to our room seem 'flimsy' to an acrophobe like me.  If you have small children, or rowdy older kids, you might ask for a room on a different floor.  A lower floor, closer to the ground... safer.- The Oasis water park was ok, but the staff had no continuity.  One person would allow a 47" child to ride the slide, another wouldn't.  One day they didn't care if your floats were by your seats while you ate lunch, the next day they were collecting them just for getting out of the water.  And so on and so forth...  And any time you get a bunch of people staying at a resort they wouldn't normally be able to afford, you're going to get a class of people that are... sub-par.  We saw at least 2 instances of people just taking other peoples chaises, even when they clearly had their personal stuff (shoes, shirts) stored there.  There was considerable pushing and shoving to get in the water, lots of unsupervised, rude 8-12 year old kids.  All of this was a nuisance that probably is not a regular issue.THE HOTEL DID TRY TO MAKE RIGHT BY US.  We only complained about having to wait for a room for so long and they ended up cutting our hotel rate in half (which was then less than those LivingSocial.com folks) and giving us vouchers for drinks (6) and enough vouchers to cover our lunch (for 6 people.)  So they were aware of how screwed up things were.  We didn't complain about the room or the park as it was so incredibly busy it didn't seem worth it.
1	Worst hotel experience ever. The rooms are dirty with wet stains on the carpets and dirt on the walls. The bathrooms are a joke - I've seen better at Motel 6. The beds are not comfortable and the walls are thin, so you get to hear screaming children day and night.But what tops it all off as the worst hotel ever is the awful service. 2 hours and 15 minutes to get food (we never even got seated) because the Lobby Grill cannot stop checking their cell phones long enough to seat people. Coupled with the rudest desk managers (Zoey and Stephanie) and you have the worst customer service at a hotel ever.Avoid this place at all costs! The water park is NOT worth the hassle of a place that overbooks and under serves.
3	My boyfriend and I stayed for one night at this resort for a "stay-cation" and mostly picked this place because a friend had told us it was fun and nice, plus we found a good living social deal.  There were things I liked a lot, and things that needed improvement:Things that needed improvement:-valet service was really confusing when first pulling up-long line to check in (but it's understandable because of the living social deal, and we were also upgraded to a room with a better view and closer to the water park)-the entrance to get into their "water park" was the same as the exit, so it was a cluster when you going in or coming.  They should have two separate entries/exits for this to make it more effective.-it was pretty pricey at the resort restaurant, but that's typical I guess.-in our room: bathroom window looked directly out to the walk way, like where people are just strolling along to get to their rooms!  There was no screen or blurry glass, just a regular window and window wooden shutters.  This was bizzarre and had me nervous!  Of course you could close the shutters, but it was still weird.  Plus the shutters get soaked.Things that I liked:-felt like we were out of AZ, it was a very pretty property with lots of green grass and water features.-comfortable bed (though my boyfriend disagrees! haha)-friendly staff-we had a great bar tender for after-dinner drinks who was friendly-fun lazy riverthe water park brings a lot of families and younger kids, so that is something to keep in mind.  There was also a nice "21 only" pool right by our room as well that was much quieter and enjoyable.Overall, I don't know if I would go back, but I would recommend it for someone who is looking for a different hotel experience.
3	My family stayed here for two nights at the Sedona part of the resort. I did not see the old tube style tv's in the other reviews for this hotel, but the rooms could've used a little better cleaning. The intake vent for the air conditioner was caked with dust and our toilet had what appeared to be fecal matter on the inside right rim. Aside from this, the room was in good shape and aptly appointed. Also, I think the flat $40 resort fee should be revised to only charge for goods and services used, like the water park, and not across the board things unused, like for the one-way shuttle to the local mall.The water park was nice and a great place to spend a day with your children. There are plenty of lifeguards in rotation around the wave pool, the circling river with inner tubes and the water slides. There's also an abundance of beach chairs and two concession areas which are pretty well staffed and offer food and both soft and hard drinks. I think it's clever of the resort to have guests check in at the gift shop for entrance to the water park. Bring plenty of sunscreen and pool footwear, it's easily +100 F in the summer.
1	Horrible hotel! When we pulled up there were 4 police cars with several people in cuffs. There was a pair of underwear in the corner of our room. After we came home there was a charge in my credit card for the mini bar that we didn't even have a key for! This place is run down and not worth the price. They price gouge for everything. Trust me you don't want to stay here!!!
1	The room was expensive, especially considering the summer rates.  The waterpark experience was disappointing. We couldn't bring in juice for our kids. Only water bottles.  When my wife and I decided to get a cocktail it was $20 for two and there was no trace of any alcohol. I asked the bartender if I got a non alcoholic drink by mistake.  It's all regulated so you get 1 oz in a tall drink.  For $10 a drink I felt taken advantage.  The closing time on Saturday is 4pm. They tell you that you have full access to the waterpark on check in day but check in time is 4pm. How does that work?  For the cost of the room and drink service we should have stayed at a 5 star resort.  We have stayed here before and had a better experience. This will be the last time for this resort.  The Hilton Squaw Peak is a much better option.
3	We used the awesome deal on living social for a nights stay and tickets to the on-property water park.The staff was very nice and pleasant at the valet and check in. The room was less than desired. As stated by other reviews the rooms seemed old and a bit dated. Why hasn't a "Grand Resort" updated every single room with a flat screen by now???? It blew my mind! The furniture and carpet also is in need of a face lift. Perhaps it was just the level room we booked with the deal but cleanliness should run across the board. The water park was pretty busy but we still had a blast. It was a bit confusing to enter the park because you have to enter through the store but the slides and lazy river were classic and everyone in my party enjoyed themselves. The paths at the park were horribly HOT so watch out and wear your sandals everywhere.Overall the whole experience was just OK. If a resort boasts that it's Grand, every single room should be so, they really should do something about the outdated rooms.
2	We stayed here last night. I've read a few reviews about older rooms, but we were in the Mountainside Suites and our room was beautiful! Fully updated and nice. The major downfall was that at 6am on Sunday there were several PA announcements about a golf tee time. It was so loud and ridiculous at that hour. I would have given this resort a rave review, but that early am vacation wake up call ruined my experience.  I'm not sure I'd recommend this resort to a friend, based on that alone.
2	Stayed here this past week on business travel. One of the reason this hotel was selected because of the outstanding gym and work out area. Guess what? Gym was closed daily during peek hours to allow Buffalo Bills  football teamwork to work out. Never the less we were still charged the $25.00 resort fee to cover the use of the gym. I complained at check out and got an Oh Well attitude from the front desk clerk along with a laugh. Front desk at check-in seemed to be either new or clueless not what you would expect from a 4 Star resort.Buffy in the restaurant was a great waitress, maybe you should move her to the front desk for a better customer experience.
1	Just AWFUL. Dirty, stained rooms. Complete lack of hospitality, hoards of wild, loud weekend partying jerks, gobs of screaming, unruly children. Way overpriced everything. They were completely bad. Unless you are a gluttony for punishment, NEVER stay here.
3	My friends and I were in Phoenix for business trips for 3 nights (Tues-Friday). We booked via corporate rate at $125/night without tax but that was really it...real corporate rate (e.g nothing was included except free wifi). We asked about waterpark and it would cost us $40 per each entrance/person. Breakfast was also additional to the rate...etc. I stayed for a total of 3 nights for a net cost of around $450 (including tax).While the room was had was great (there was a separate living room from the bathroom) and the place was spacious, the place was a bit too far apart (e.g. if you don't have a car, good luck walking!). There was, however, no refrigerator in our room (except the mini bar which required a key to open). A swimming pool in our section was very small and didn't look that clean. At night, our room section was a bit deserted and dark, so I was slightly concerned that if someone were to enter the room without permission, I don't think the hotel people would know. Both my friend and I had our separate rooms, so we both just end up just shutting the blinds in our own rooms completely.Overall, the room was spacious and the decoration was ok. For the value though, you might be better off at Marriott or elsewhere.
3	Rooms are average, everything expensive, but staff were nice & helpful. All the food is extra as is the waterpark.
3	Boyfriend and I were moved here from the hotel we originally booked because they stupidly overbooked (Four Points by Sheraton Tempe). So here's the review of a short trip (we got there around midnight and checked out around 8am).Pros:(+) Pretty extravagant (lots of buildings, huge lot of land, water park, golf course, the works)(+) Cool lobby with outdoor fire pit area overlooking golf course (+) Front desk people were okay. They took a long time checking us in thoughCons:(-) The cleanliness of our room was pretty dirty. There were hairs on the sink, the carpet felt a little sticky when you walked on it, just kinda felt a bit grungy(-) The pillows were tiny! Overall, just a "meh" experience but I gave it an "A-OK" anyway. Don't really have enough information to provide a more detailed description since we pretty much only went there to sleep.I would definitely go back to this place over Four Points though!
4	This review is for the Arizona Grand Resort's wedding reception services. We went to several different resorts throughout Phoenix and Scottsdale prior to making our decision and I found wedding coordinator, Dawn Candrea, to be the warmest and nicest person we spoke to. She was detailed and informative. Once we chose The Grand, she kept us on track with everything, which was especially helpful as we were starting to get overwhelmed as our wedding day drew closer.We had a few minor issues at the reception. The wedding favors and toasting flutes that we'd dropped off the day before did not make it to the ballroom with the other items.  The staff had to rush to find the items as the reception started. Other than those issues, the reception went really well. The staff was attentive to us and all our guests. We received several compliments on how nice the staff was. The food was delicious and everyone raved about it.  Many guests were surprised by the quality since they were expecting traditional hotel banquet food. Our wedding cake, which the hotel made, looked beautiful and tasted great. The Grand put us up in one of their villa hotel suites the night of the reception. It was very nice inside and they really decorated it beautifully for our wedding night. Rose petals were everywhere and they gifted us with a chilled bottle of champagne, chocolate covered strawberries, and an engraved wine box. When I called the front office next morning for a late checkout, the front desk person, realizing that we were the bride and groom, moved things around so we could check out later, free of charge.Our wedding reception really turned out great thanks to Dawn and the rest of the staff at The Arizona Grand Resort.
3	Booked an upgraded suite for spring break (believe me, location upgrade only) through AE and called before we departed to verify, only to find it was not granted. That's why you pay AE, so I called them and they demanded the upgrade (no biggie, but not a good start).  I checked in with 3 kids (obviously we need our requested 2 doubles), but I had a feeling things weren't going to be smooth.  Checked in and directed to the car by the uninterested and bothered front desk person where a bell hop said he will show me the way.  Pulled the car around and "he gone", but they were busy so I figured I would find it myself.   As I finally find a spot, I flag down another bell hop, we get to the room and open the door to our 5 day stay.  Ugh, dirty room with one bed.  My 10 year old walks in and literally pulls me to the side, and whispered, "no offense Dad, but this place is a dump".  And this is the supposed upgrade which overlooked the water park?  No worries son, we cant stay here anyway.  Bellhop called the front and we were switched to another room w 2 beds, as we trekked to the next room my 8 year old tells me he saw the toilet was used and not flushed... verified by his brother. I'm not squeamish but at this point I have a case of heebie jeebies and want to leave.  Could this hotel be fairytale horrible? Actually I thought to myself we're just camping in style, lets deal.  The next room was better, certainly not spotless by any means, but here for the kids and the weather/water park. Wow, management needs to crack the whip a little.  How about upgrading the mildew carpets or paint the walls once on awhile?Ok bad start but the place ends up growing on us and we enjoy the small pools next to the rooms, room service, buffet breakfast, water park activities, and even the Rooste restaurant.  The gym is great with plenty of options.  Loved the hiking in back and most employees we meet are very friendly.  Took day trips to Sedona, and Scottsdale to break up the stay and had a great finish to our break.  The water park gets annoying crowded and people save chairs like its Black Friday...lined up before the park opens to get the prime spots (I'm past the point of little non swimmers but note if you want to watch a toddler).  Overall a solid C, but could be a B with some work on the rooms.  I thought the food was good to great.  Prices fairly high but not unexpected. I cant forget that on Easter I asked the concierge for Catholic mass times nearby. Picked the noon mass but it was started at 1230 and said in Latin.  Really?Absolutely kids only hotel. A stay here without kids would be a hazard to your mental health.
3	Great rooms (suite as awesome). Great vibe, great staff, fun waterpark.   On-site restairauts...not so much. Terrible mexican and steakhouse.
3	This place is so old, I think Moses vacationed here after that whole ordeal with the flood.  The prices really ought to reflect the level of resort your staying at - $250 a night? Please.  Unless you have children that you're taking to the water park, I really don't see a reason to stay here with so many other options in the valley.  The staff was friendly.  The food was ridiculously overpriced for the quality.  The water park gets 5 stars though.
4	This is a review for the restaurant right off the lobby. Very nice. The best iced tea I've had in a long time, delicious quinoa salad. The guy had a very good mac and cheese and perfectly cooked steamed asparagus. I would recommend this place for lunch if you're in the area.
1	Buyer beware!  Paid through the nose to stay here off of Orbitz.   Then at check in,  the desk clerk mumbled something about a 40.00 resort fee, and made it sound as though it was a one time charge for Internet access, etc.  Surprise!  It's per day!  This place is DEFINATELY not worth this kind of money!   Food is outrageous!  8 dollars for a hotdog, Come on.  Stay elsewhere, it's that simple.
1	Please don't stay here.  We've paid $300.00 a night and thought this was great for the whole family to enjoy the water park.  The water slide and lazy river is not working !!!!The room here is old and not worth the money.  Our keys doesn't work when we checked in. Had to get a second set and still doesn't work.  I hate this place.  I wish I went to a real hotel and a real water park.
5	Amazing, loved this place. You pay a bit b/c it's like home away from home. The water park was amazing and the adult drinks are super yummy. Highly recommend...
2	WAY overpriced for what we got.  The room was musty and the food was so-so.  Very disappointed.
5	I love attending this place when they have Living Social Deals. Their suites are just right for my family because the rooms can be separated for the kiddos and the parents. I have only ever gone in the summer and normally the water park is packed but the staff does a great job of keeping everyone comfortable and happy while playing in the water. This time we went we also enjoyed the smaller pools around the facilty and found them just as nice but without the people. Prices are a bit high on food and drinks but beyond that I am sold on a nice staycation to this place!
4	Pretty awesome place. Great pools and kid friendly.
4	As a Phoenix local, we have a summer tradition of staying in local resorts to let the kids enjoy the pools.  Not my first time staying here but had been a while because we mostly stayed in some of the newer resorts in Scottsdale.  This day could have not gone worse.  Checked in, sat by the pool for two hours, kid got sick in the lazy river by noon, and shut the majority of the water park down for the day.  Not the resorts fault, but the way they handled it was exceptional.   After stating my reason for the stay and the disappointment in the unfortunate circumstances the hotel staff allowed me to check out the same day and gave a full refund.  I expected maybe a resort fee refund, not the room as well.  It was offered by the front desk, which tells me the mamagement is well run and empowers their employees to make things right.  I travel about 50% of the time in my job, and that is hard to find these days.  Great place to have a staycation and will highly recommend to any visitors or locals.  Rooms are nice, large, clean, and well kept and as nice as any of the newer resorts.  From the old days of being South Mountain Hilton till now, it has remained modern and first class.
4	I would suggest Az grand resort for your stay vacation. Awesome water park for the children and lots to do for adults as well plus its very close and you Dont have to drive for hours to get to your destination. Enjoy and stay cool
2	I have admired the resort from afar for years. It looked so tranquil from the highway with its pristine white buildings set against the very rare, rich green landscape. We were so excited to get to give it a try. What a disappointment. Yes, some of the buildings are lovely and "Grand," and the water park is a really fun diversion for the family. Also, the Lobby Grill is pretty decent and the staff is lovely.However try to get any rest there? Forget sleeping!! There was too much noise from the partyers with their crying babies for our son to sleep on the sleep on the sleeper sofa (that was the reason we had a suite!). We called security multiple times and they did respond but it didn't help. The partying continued until about 2 am (and yes, that baby or child cried a lot, poor thing with idiotic parents partying). We tried to bring it up to a manger because we couldn't get to sleep until 3 am. The response of the management was rude and very CYA (cover your a##).We ate one night at the Rooste too. It's a really fun atmosphere but the service is terrible and the food is revolting.So glad we tried it at a time when the stakes were not very high. We will definitely stick with The Fairmont Princess for our little getaways from now on.
1	Would not recommend this resort. Service is awful.
5	Wow, I am shocked to read all the negative reviews on here! We felt like having a family stay-cation last weekend, so booked a room last minute for the night. We received a grand suite, which was only $189 a night, after AAA discount. This room was impecably clean, and HUGE. We had a separate bedroom, dining area, living-room, two bathrooms, and an area to prep food(no appliances). The room was very clean as well. From the moment of check in I noticed that the staff was very friendly, and upon reading the guest handbook they had a line that said "friendliest staff in Arizona!". Boy do I believe that comment! We were able to call for a golf cart to take us anywhere on the grounds, and they all arrived quickly with accomodating staff. We had one man who drove us a couple of times named Lee (Leeandre), who was overthe top helpful. He truly helped to make our little vacation memorable. The only downfall was when I ordered two beers (Domestic) at the Oasis (water park) it was $14! I will just drink in the room next time haha!We can't wait to go back to the Arizona Grand!
4	We had a wonderful family staycation.  I was impressed by the staff and the resort as a whole.  We had a great time at the waterpark and enjoyed our comfy suite.   The only negative is the outrageous prices for food at the waterpark.  Yes I do realize that they want to make money, but you should be able to at least bring in non-alcholic drinks and snacks.  We look forward to many return visits!
1	If you're gonna stay at this property for the water park think again, it's pool/wave pool area is way over crowded, small and the water is dirty....As far as amenities it's lacking in a big way, have little ones and want to bring in healthy snacks for them forget it they check you're bags as you enter the water park.  As with many of the previous reviews this property is very old out dated and does not provide the atmosphere of a resort !
4	We had a great time at the Grand! Friendly, helpful staff. Lobby Grill great food! MARTHA at the concierge desk was FABULOUS! Phil the Manager excellent! Does the place need some new paint? Yes. Could it be cleaner? Yes. Parking is tricky. But overall it's pretty good, fun, and a good value.
5	Excellent Customer Service from really nice, classy young people, who help run that beautiful resort. They were respectful, kind and patient helping us get around the resort via golf cart, check in, waiter and bartenders and maintenance.  Loved the bar area and bar menu, which is where we ate and watched a great game on tv.  They have multiple tv's for sporting events and a pool table and the place is designed like a cool NY City Bar.  Great spa for us adults and we had fun on the slides with the kids during part of the day and then went to the spa.  Great relaxation and something for everyone.  Nice golf course....beautiful views....comfortable beds......great room. Thanks you guys.
5	We needed a place in Phoenix to hold a weekend-long meeting for about 20 people, and several of the people were bringing children. Someone recommended the Arizona Grand Resort and we couldn't be happier. It's a short drive from the airport, I think a taxi is around $20. We stayed in the Sedona Suites and also held our meeting there. The lobby is beautiful, the meeting room is perfectly adequate with a nice veranda, the guest rooms were nice, the catering was great, and there were two swimming pools in the courtyard. It's also just a short 5 minute walk to the waterpark and the gym. No one in their right mind holds a meeting in Phoenix in August, so the place wasn't crowded and the staff were very accommodating. I don't know the exact prices, but daily room rates were around $109-$139 (minus resort fee) - pretty sure that's a low season rate because it was over 105 degrees every day.The meeting room was standard hotel stuff, AV worked fine, no windows. The nicest part was having a veranda right across the way so we could have breakfast outside. The staff were always present and courteous. The catering food was much better than expected (especially the chicken and steak fajitas and the salads), since those that tried the on-site restaurants were very disappointed. Someone tried the stone massage at the spa and really enjoyed it. The fitness center is huge with a lap pool - it really is like a full gym rather than the typical hotel gym. They have short hiking trails around the property - too hot to enjoy, but a couple of us managed to do about 20 minutes of walking, where we got to see cacti and rabbits. The main lobby also has a nice bar and pool table.Best of all, it was a hit with the kids (ages 2-9). No child likes having their parents stuck in a meeting all day, but easy access to the water park was a great consolation. The most popular attractions were the "lazy river" inner tubing and the water slides. It's so hot you can only stay for a couple of hours, but the guest rooms were a short walk away so you can slip back into the cool air conditioning (and eat in your room rather than at the park to avoid the high prices). The catering also allowed for kid-friendly food like cut fruit, cookies and brownies, chicken tenders, quesadillas, muffins, and egg sandwiches. Other highlights for the kids were being driven in golf carts (seriously, one of their favorite parts) and visiting the Heard Museum of American Indian art and history.
5	we always have an amazing time staying in the Villas and enjoying the Oasis!thank you Phil!!
2	I'm sitting in my suite as I write this wondering what happened to this hotel. I am here to participate in a charitable volunteer training/mentoring weekend.  I haven't stayed here since it changed hands and left the Hilton brand several years ago. It didn't have to use "grand" in its name because it was but it's not anymore.  The change in hotel management was almost immediately apparent the moment I set foot inside the re-located lobby which is neither grand or befitting of a resort with that name. It looks like the timeshare property it has become.  The original lobby was located in what is now the conference center which ironically looks more like a lobby than a suite of meeting and ballrooms.Things went south during the check-in process which was just minutes before 4 pm, the customary time of arrival.  Low and behold, after checking in my traveling companion, I was informed that my room was not ready.  I can understand how that happens in smaller properties but in a resort of this size, that is indicative of poor management vis a vis housekeeping or allowing late check-outs of guests.In any event, I was willing to let this faux pas slide and deal with it until about a half an hour ago, (nearly 9 pm) when I attempted to enter my room.  Mind you now that I had to RETURN to the front desk, wait in line AGAIN for another 10 minutes to determine if my room was ready and get a key.  I got the key but it was the wrong size!  Apparently this property has card locks with different widths because the key I was given was too wide and would not fit into the activation slot on the door.  So . . . . I had to call the hotel from my cell phone . . . get transferred to the front desk and then wait about 10 minutes for security to arrive to let me into my room while I stood in the shadows with my luggage scattered at the entry door.  Now I am waiting for him to return (it's been a half a hour) with the correct key.  Good thing I'm not an early to bed kind of guy.  At least I have time to finish this scathing review.This property is old and tired.  The employees are young and come from a generation that is unfamiliar with the value and meaning of genuine guest services.  They are awkward, lacking confidence and apparently even basic check in skills.  The correct procedure would have been for them to call me when my room was ready, meet me at the room and present the key to me.  I've experienced more professional service at a Rodeway Inn.The cost of my room and some meals has been covered by the organization sponsoring this event but that should not be an excuse for sub-par service and inexperience.  I am glad that I did NOT pay for this less than memorable experience. We had a buffet dinner in the Grand Ballroom which was Mexican themed and acceptable but not remarkable.  Glad I didn't pay for that either.  I count my blessings that I wasn't charged the $40 per day "resort fee".  Why don't they just add it to the room rate anyway instead of collecting it separately?  It's not voluntary.  I've gotten nicer hotel rooms on Priceline for $40 per night in the off season down here in the Valley of Hell.It will be interesting to see how the remainder of this weekend goes.  If it's anything like the last 5.5 hours it's not going to be very pretty.As for the rest of the resort . . . I presume the on premises water park is still enjoyable and maintained.  Unless you're coming with your family in tow to enjoy the lazy river and water slides, save yourself some frustration and go to a known brand like the Westin Kierland or Marriot Desert Ridge.By the way, Mr. Security said he'd be back in 5 minutes with the correct keys.  It's been nearly 45 minutes so I called the front desk and a bellmen arrived about 5 minutes later.  I wonder if they would have shown up if I hadn't called to remind them.
4	My wife and i stayed here a few weeks ago for the OAC Conference---i was very impressed with the attentiveness of the staff.  We enjoyed our room, overlooking the practice golf course. Waterpark was very nice, maybe a bit pricey.  Wewould come back again--one suggestion--perhaps expand the menu a bit to give more options to diners, and stay away from Aunt Chilada's (some of the worst "Mexican" food I've ever had)
4	Let me start off by saying we had a great time. The room was comfortable, the water park was both convenient and great fun, the staff were all friendly and helpful and staying in August meant we got a great rate for all of it. It surprising to find a resort that aspires to be high calibre overlook some of the details. Admittedly, they didn't affect our vacation, but finding trash and clothing from previous guests when we arrived in our room is a little sloppy; as was the dead bird at the base of the slides for two days.I can only assume the high price of resort food and drink is a kind of 'window dressing' to remind us this is resort as they  are really missing the volume revenue opportunity from the captive audience by motivating the larger proportion of guests to explore the wider phoenix area.
2	Things I liked included the parking outside the door and the small, private pools scattered throughout the complex.  I didn't care for the resort fee as it was higher than anything we've paid at any other resort and the amenities just didn't seem worth it.  The rooms were clean, but dated.  Plenty of towels, which I always like.  Bathroom was small, but vanity was fairly large but outside of bathroom which is either a good or bad thing depending on what's important to you.  Waterpark area was okay.  I liked the lazy river, didn't use the slides, and the wave pool really isn't a wave pool.  Periodically, the water starts with what seems like a side-to-side motion and one rocks a bit but there were never any "waves" to propel one forward and have a real sense of movement. The real kicker for me was when we checked out a day early on a pre-paid, non-refundable reservation.  Our daughter was sick and we just felt it would be better to go home.  I didn't expect any refund or credit for the unused night,  but what was rather shocking was the fact that the counter person wanted to charge us an early departure fee.  I would understand that fee if I hadn't already paid for the night, but why would I pay for the room and a fee to vacate a room that I've paid for?  Seemed VERY strange, but ultimately I didn't have to pay it.   We ended up paying about $760 for the 2 nights (could have stayed for the 3rd) and just didn't really think it was worth it and will probably stick with some of the other resorts that we've liked better.
2	Wish my daughter and I would of read the reviews before booking a 3 day stay here in July 2013. Would not recommend spending this kind of $$$ on an old, but historic resort. The fees are phenomenal for use of water park, etc. paid to resort even if you do not use them. Unable to bring in food to water park, was forced to leave bag at pool check-in desk. Truly not impressed with Arizona Grand Resort. Room substandard, dirty and balcony filled with bird feces, really gross. Never again will I stay here unless there has been a drastic change and renovation.
3	Could not have been more thrilled with the water park and different activities offered. There were some weird stains on the curtains in our room and the stool in the living room looked as if a cat got to it. Also make sure if you get a Starbucks to go off property if you want anything besides a black coffee. Other than that I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the hotel being right off the i10 and you can't here the traffic!
2	I'll start by saying that this got 2-stars rather than 1-star because of the clean property and friendly staff.This was a Groupon purchase for a staycation for our family of 4 since we live in the Phoenix area. There was absolutely no value to it at all. We had to pay an upgrade fee to get anywhere near the waterpark.The the waterpark, they literally check your bags to ensure that you're not bringing any food or drink into the park so that they can charge ridiculous prices on food and drink (ie. Chicken fingers and fries for my two kids was $31, 12oz domestic beers were $6.50, a HAMBURGER was $13).Look, I don't mind paying for the convenience but to not afford us any other options but to leave the property for an affordable meal wasn't very "family friendly".We thought we'd do breakfast the next morning on the property and that menu was highway robbery as well. (ie. $10.50 for a couple pancakes, $3.25 for a single egg, etc.). We ended up leaving the property, real inconvenience, to hit the Dennys a couple blocks away and saved in excess of $30 when we had drinks, etc.This one night staycation ended up costing nearly $400 by the time we paid the upgrade, resort fee, overpriced food & drinks and the room.In the end, the waterpark certainly didn't justify the cost as Wet & Wild is more affordable with more ride options and affordable pricing. Avoid if you're on any sort of realistic budget.
2	I really wanted to love this hotel. A hotel with a water park? Who can beat that. But from the onset it got off to a rocky start.Any place that calls itself "Arizona Grand Resort" has set the bar high. But the curb appeal is something closer to a Motel 6. Unkempt grounds lead up to the main lobby building.I pulled up to the front and explained to the valet that I wished to run inside and check-in. My wife and daughter would remain in the car. The valet demanded my car keys. We went back and forth for about 5 minutes until he finally allowed me to just move it a few feet over.Check-in went ok but I wasn't advised were my room was (the place is huge!) on the map. Instead I was told to ask one of the valets (great) to show us to our building.So I go outside, show our room number to another one of the 'happy' valets and he jumps in a golf carts and takes off (I suppose I'm to follow). He flies through parking lots (some are very tight roads along side buildings) until we wind up at our building. It looks like a rear entrance. There are no handicap parking spots to be found anywhere (I'm disabled), lots of monster trucks taking up two spaces), and exposed wires in the ground. I dismiss the 'happy' valet.We head to our room upstairs through an elevator as cold as a meat locker.We check on the water park, come to find out it's only open on Saturday and Sunday (11-4), we checked in Friday at 4pm.Saturday morning we line up for the water park at the main gate along with several other families. There are plenty of park staff members on the other side of the gate. 11:00 turns and the gate doesn't open. Eventually one of the staff members says the gate is not the entrance, you have to enter through the gift shop. Seriously? No sign? They couldn't say that once for the previous 20 minutes?Saturday night we called the front desk to get a late checkout. The girl who answered said we would have to call back Sunday morning because only the Sunday manager would know their occupancy. Trust me when I tell you that hotel did not look very occupied. I asked her, how it could be that the hotel did not know it's occupancy? She admitted it was at 65% but that she wasn't allowed to give late checkouts. Fine.We called back Sunday morning around 8am to get a late checkout and were told no.So, basically, we purchased a water park access room for two days and could only use it for one day.That's criminal. With so many other options in hotels, resorts, and water parks available there is no excuse for this.I recommend that people stay elsewhere. If you are coming from out of state just for the hotel's waterpark, then go to a legoland, the waterpark is better.
4	I just recently stayed at the Arizona grand resort with my husband and three kids along with two other families. We all really had a great time !  Our two bedroom suite was perfect overlooking the lobby and golf course.  We all had plenty of space to relax and the beds were incredibly comfortable.  I must commend the staff at the lobby grill - Martin,Buffy and bill. We had breakfast almost every day of our stay and they were all so welcoming and attentive to our needsAt the oasis water park, where we spent most of our days, the staff was just as accommodating and helpful - in particular Samantha and kady.  I took a few spin classes led by Stuart and I must say his passion and dedication to teaching spin really has influenced me to take spin classes when I got home. All in all it was a great time had by all.  The only recommendations I would say would be more snacks available at the waterpark, more variety at the market deli in the lobby shop and would be great to have a park where the kids could play.
2	Been here a few times before & it was great- however checked in today & extremely disappointed. upon arriving there was men's hair in the shower which was disgusting. the pillows are hard as rocks, some of them with itchy pillowcases. it just feels very unclean. also called the concierge, spent 20 minutes on hold & gave up. just not happy with this experience so far.the hotel itself (lobby, views, buildings) is beautiful. however there's hardly any lighting at night & it's almost impossible to find your rooms outside in the dark & just feels unsafe. any area that isn't the main lobby & the parking lots are incredibly dark which is slightly sketchy.the resort aspect is the best part apparently (the pool, golf course, restaurant, fire pits, views, etc. but the rooms / cleanliness / etc. is not up to par.adding to the list: whoever the heavy set girl working at the gift shop in the lobby the morning of Sat Oct 12 was incredibly rude. tried to purchase a t-shirt for a friend and the girl was texting and giggling on the phone in the back. tried to get her attention multiple times, she literally just stared at us & went back to her phone. asked the barista at the cafe right next to the shop if we could pay there & she directed us to the golf shop & said we could purchase us there. the staff needs an upgrade.
3	No refrigeration to use except the stocked one. The spa was old and not nice at all . The water park was clean with plenty of chairs for everyone.  We got a connecting room with another family, that was fun for the kids.  Our suite was spacious, and clean with a separate living/dining room.  The furniture was a little old and needed to refurbish.  I wouldn't call it Grand though.  It was good.
4	I came here for a company training retreat and thought this was one of the better venues they chose compared to previous events. Why did they choose Phoenix when 99% of the attendees weren't even from Arizona? Who knows! It's right off the freeway so it was easy to find. The resort fee is outrageous, but I'm glad that was waived because we were part of a group block. Getting around the resort was easy and all the buildings were a very short walk to each other. Restaurants were very limited so we either ate at the Lobby Grill or drove off the property to some nearby restaurants.Since I'm no longer a broke college kid, I refused to sardine twenty people into one room. I shared a two-bed "Resort Suite" with two of my associates and before we got into an intense battle of rock-paper-scissors on who gets a bed to herself, we discovered the couch was a pullout. Each of us had our own beds and we were nice and happy. If you really wanted to get ghetto, you can easily sleep six or more. The minifridge was already stocked, but the girls at the front desk told us we could just put everything aside to make room for our own food and drinks.We didn't get to go to the water park so I can't really report on that. All in all, I had a great experience and would return here again.
1	Nice grounds. Epic extortion. $15.00 per day, per DEVICE for wifi. This is reason enough not to stay here is you're the type of person who will want to randomly access the net during a stay. Considering the "resort fee" of $30 per day does not include net access. Really? Hey, greedy owner douche bags, here's a tip - stop nickel and dime'n patrons and maybe, just maybe, they'll return for repeat business. I'll never stay here again because your greed supersedes the quality of your product.
4	Stayed here for the Fiesta Bowl earlier this year. The staff was nice, the entire resort was gorgeous and we had a lot of fun here. They also have a very nice gym which we took full advantage of. The only negative I can write about is that I had their mushroom and truffle oil pizza and it made me sick. I think it was more of an aversion to the rich oil than an issue in the kitchen. Still, the food was fantastic.I would highly recommend this resort to everyone and would definitely stay here again.
2	Stayed there for a conference - when I checked in the rate they had was higher than the rate they had confirmed via email - they said they'd fix it before check out. Of course they didn't and had the nerve to suggest that I'd faked the confirmation email.  Food is blech. Resort is spread out and you do a fair amount of walking which isn't a problem except the lighting at night is really poor...I found myself stumbling around in the dark nervously trying to find my room without falling down any of the poorly marked steps that are everywhere.
4	Well, this place surprised me.  I played in a golf tournament here and stayed overnight.  The rooms were decent and spacious and the property was well appointed in a classic Southwestern design.  Hanging out by the fire pits at night near the lobby was fun to have a night cap.The property is sprawled out like a classic desert resort and it allows for a nice, peaceful stay.  I was impressed because it didn't feel like I was in the middle of Phoenix, it felt like a getaway.I'd like to come back in the Summer and stay for a weekend so we can go to the water park.Return Factor - 95%
2	I had what I thought was a great facial and after two days, I experienced a reaction to their products.  I purchased a few of the items during my visit so I called to let them know of what happened.  The girl in the spa said she would have to check to see if I could return the skin care products that I purchased for $85.00. After asking me again why I was returning them, she said "they would allow me" to return them but they would have to issue a check instead of crediting my credit card that they so easily accepted when I purchased the items.  I returned to the spa the following day with the items and they gave me a credit voucher and said they would check with the manager to make sure he would approve the return.  I received a call 4 days later letting me know he did in deed "approved it" and they would put a check in the mail...which I still have not received.  No one was concerned that I just spent $160 on a facial spa treatment and my face was all chapped, peeling and red from the reaction.  All they were concerned with was whether they would allow me to return items that I clearly couldn't use.  I was a returning guest but after this incident, I will no longer be a patron of the Arizona Grand Spa.  Apparently they've changed management and the customer no longer comes first.
4	My daughter's high school basketball team comes to the Arizona Grand Resort twice every year for the Nike Tournament of Champions.  It is a beautiful place, centrally located, with lots of amenities at the resort and nearby. This year we had a problem with the wi-fi access in the Mountainside rooms, but the manager made it right by us.  Our team enjoyed themselves, and it is a good value, so we'll keep coming back to this resort.
3	I only Paid $99 so for that it was a nice place to stay...... I'd go again... very quiet.
2	Decent waterpark, decent golf course, half-way decent restaurant. Hotel rooms not so good. Stacked and cramped on top of each other, balconies all look out into each other so you feel like you're in an old-fashioned New York tenement building where you can stand on your balcony and look into each others' apartments.Staff seems nice enough, no issues there.It's just not anything special - rooms are not good at all, and the rest of the resort is mediocre at best.We were kind of disappointed - we'd SO been looking forward to this place. :-(
5	This resort is awesome, only two things needed.  They need new tv's and new wet bar/fridges in the rooms.  Seriously tv is from 1985.  However everything else is great, spacious resort, nice places to eat, great view, walk to mall or take free shuttle.  Plenty of pools and spas. I am bringing family back in march when water park opens for the season
3	Good value. It's an older property but decent place and price was right at 180/night during peak season. Great atmosphere on the patio to enjoy a drink or meal. Beds were actually pretty good for an older place, they are definitely newer. Convenient location right off the freeway and tucked into the side of the mountain. Didn't get out for golf but played there before and remember it being good bit great. It's not Scottsdale but it's a great value.
2	This place is quite outdated.  It feels like I've traveled back in time 20 years.  It certainly wouldn't be my first choice for a place to stay but if you're going to a big event with 100s of people, they can accommodate the seating.  Plus, parking is fairly easy.
1	The review is mainly for the bar service at the pool.  Absolutely terrible.  Every time I ordered a drink, it took nearly 25+ minutes to receive (I timed it).  The servers were friendly but they really need another bar maybe closer and more bar tenders on duty.  When it's hot outside, we get thirsty.  The more time it takes you to bring me my drink, the less I will spend and the more unhappy I will become without a drink in hand.  Just saying.We also had a bad experience with one of the so-called "security" who was supposed to come pick us up by a golf cart,.  He was EXTREMELY rude.  You should really work on serving your hotel guests and that the customer is ALWAYS RIGHT.  Don't be a D-bag, I'm paying for YOUR paycheck.Nice rooms, but they could improve on the pillows.  No patio furniture on the patio, a little strange.Also,  to get from your room to the main lobby + pool may take 10+ minutes of walking. They really need to work on convenience here.
2	Stayed here on our annual visit to Spring Training. We found the resort to be very "kid" friendly with lots of kids yelling, laughing and meeting at all hours of the day and night.  1. Very Noisey Prices were very high.  Our 4 night stay was 1,639.00.  Way to much for the amenities (or lack of)  At registration, we were not offered a lesser expensive room and did not know that was an option.We had to walk/dirve to the lobby to BUY a newspaper.  They are not delivered to the rooms as many hotels do. We called the front desk on a few occasions, and were put on hold for several minutes.  We hung up.Food and drink prices were very expensive.....hamburgers @ $13.75 and not a pickle or French fry on the plate.  If you wanted a candy bar, water, bag of chips from the locked refrig. in the room, they were $4.75 each.  It is located on very large and lovely grounds which were beautiful.  For the older couple, not a good deal at all.  For families with kids and  lots ofmoney, it is terrific.
2	Year two for our family and we will not be back. Prices liken Phoenician, Camelback and this is no where near the quality. Loved it for kids last year but what made it bare able for parents is gone. Service horrible in Oasis, even when paying extra $350 for a cabana. Waters empty. For 1.5 hours, rarely checked in on us. Breakfast buffet was awful, French toast hard, no bagels for lox, food not replenished enough, waited 20 min at table for coffee.It's a shame because we loved the property last year but they were not prepared with enough staff for spring break.
2	only gave 2nd star because I was here with wife on a biz trip - and it seems that they have function facilities, that are at least functional...Staff has been rude or non-existent at every turn. The place is gigantic - and it ALL LOOKS THE SAME (blah 1970's tan stucco) - so I spend half my time outside lost and asking for directions (see rude staff).I came here to work out of the hotel room and get a little sun at the tail end of a hard New England winter - and the sun has cooperated - but little else has...If I were spending my own money, I would be super pissed.My recommendation is to avoid this place like the plague - have stayed at Hyatt Gainey Ranch and Phoenician for similar $$$ - and never thought once about writing a bad review...I'd be surprised if this place was stil in business 5 years from now...
5	This is the most fabulous hotel I have ever stayed at! I was looking for a hotel in Phoenix with a lazy river or at least a wonderful and fabulous pool. I started looking at reviews of other hotels during my search and stumbled across a review that said next time they will be staying at the Arizona Grand! Hmmm ..... I thought. So, I looked up the Arizona Grand using my AAA website and found exactly what I was looking for! I was looking for Family orientated, all suites, water park, 4 stars, good reviews, reasonable prices for  the value, and availability. Our family was over the top with excitement and happiness for our entire stay! Our room was beautiful, clean, conveniently located, and more than we expected. The customer service at this hotel was outstanding to say the least! Every time our family thinks of Phoenix, we will think of the Arizona Grand Resort!Pro's:Great valueOutstanding customer serviceBeautiful grounds and landscapeFabulous roomsClean roomsWaterparkGymSpaValet service everywhereCon's:We had to take cold showers. The water never got hot
2	Nice place because of water park but room service an the mini bar they provide is SUPER expensive. For example $9 for half a grapefruit  and they charge a additional $40 they don't tell you about for WiFi and in room coffee
4	This was a nice hotel. We only had a few issues. One the light above our shower started pouring water because of an upstairs leak, but they came and investigated that immediately and started to take care of it. But the second thing is they should do a better job and monitoring the pool areas. There were some wild kids that were not being watched by anyone and they kept splashing obnoxiously in our faces the. Ran by and threw a float over my toddlers head and made her go under. They really need to find a way to control some of the chaos. We were here for 2 day and used the wristbands for the water park area for 1 hour and were fed up.
5	This place is beautiful. Hospitality is great. Food is good. Gym is good. Plenty to do here and plenty of swimming pools. Worth checking out.
1	the resort that claims too much.the front desk is completely ignorant ie front desk Alfredo doesn't understand his ratio of workers at the bell desk we literally waited an hour and 20 minutes to get a ride from the roosters restaurant in the heat of 102 degrees.at this point our beautiful dinner was ruined by the inability of Arizona Grand Resort to communicate effectively as to how long it would take for a driver to come up and pick us up.do not bother to tip the bell desk men because they literally don't care except for that moment at that time they will feedi inaccurate info and lie as to how long they're working and how effective they will be.unfortunately after a huge wedding here they have disappointed us for one year anniversary celebration I truly do not recommend this place
5	Awesome resort and fabulous water park!  Great for the family!
2	I give the resort 2 stars only for the people who work there. Everyone was very friendly and welcoming. As for the resort itself, I'd give it 0 if I could. It was far from what I expected for a family vacation. The website made it appear much more GRAND than it really is.The rooms are outdated and dirty. We got a king suite and the size was OK except the bathroom. It was very small and all the fixtures felt cheap. The air conditioner was turned to 61 but the room didn't get below 78 degrees the whole time we were there. We were traveling with our 2 girls and the plan was to have them sleep on the pullout couch in the living area of the suite. First, when you pull out the sofa it obliterates all living space. To get out of the room we had to climb over the coffee table. ( I considered putting it outside the room, that's how difficult it was to move around.) When the girls went to lay on the sofa bed it was actually painful. The mattress is all springs with no mattress left. It's obviously old and the resort is obviously aware of this. When we called to say that the bed was unacceptable they brought a couple of pieces of foam which succeeded in covering the springs but made for a very hard surface. Luckily the hard surface was a moderately acceptable solution as it was the only one the hotel had, other than paying hundreds more for a Villa. The king bed in the bedroom was old and tired too. The general building and grounds are TIRED!!! I opened my french doors onto the "deck" and couldn't even step out there it was so covered in something undefinable. Clearly, this area does not get cleaned or maintained at all. Some of the areas appear to have been updated recently but those are few and far between. For the most part, the grounds were dank and dreary. Housekeeping must be overworked. They didn't clean our room daily though their cart sat outside our room most of the day. I don't know if daily cleaning would mitigate a cockroach problem but we found a few and they were HUGE. Also, when we called for more pillows, blankets, robes, etc. if they ever arrived it was after a very long time. For 2 of our requests, slippers to cover our feet from what felt like a very dirty floor and an additional robe, the requested items never arrived. For on site restaurants, the website led us to think there were several choices on site. Two of them were either a long walk away or a golf cart ride. The breakfast in the lobby restaurant was decent quality. Aunt Chilada's was worth the walk: delicious nachos and excellent margaritas! Didn't try the steak house. The Oasis Water Park was not as advertised... The wave pool was a joke. They turn on the "waves" every 10 minutes. It's difficult to tell the difference between when they're on and when they're off. The 8 story slides are cool but the lines could become 20 people long at any time of day. The other slide was fun but again, long lines. The lazy river was always packed with people. If you wanted to eat while at the water park you were forced to order their mediocre food at outrageous prices. The most positive part of our stay was the staff, with the exception of housekeeping. Everyone was friendly and helpful. If you're planning a water park or resort vacation I'd recommend you look elsewhere until they upgrade the rooms and grounds. There's not much the Resort will ever be able to do about the overcrowding in the Oasis. It's a big hotel and everyone who stays there has access to it. The Resort should put more realistic pictures and descriptions on their website to set realistic expectations.
5	Spontaneously deciding to eat here on a business trip turned out FANTASTIC. The resort this place is in, is very beautiful; the service; from when you drive up in the lobby, and thru to the restaurant is welcoming. The bar makes balanced delicious drinks like the Ultimate Margarita,  a must try & If you love a steak sandwich....  the French Dip Sandwich will make your mouth water! The view of the golf course is relaxing & the service was timely. I would definitely return &  recommend to others.
2	NOT FOR FAMILYS!! We booked a staycation here, and I regret it. We have a 9yr old and a 4yr old. You can NOT bring your own floatation devices but the innertubes they have there are hard to come by and HUGE. My 4yr old couldn't sit it one. You can NOT bring in ANY outside food or drinks, and everything in there comes with 20% surcharges of some sort. Anytime you need anything like a towel or shampoo they expect you to tip. So you pay the highest resort fees in the valley, but still have to tip everyone. If your kids want some fruit or a drink you have to go back to your room or pay upwards of 30.00 for them at the pool. It was way over crowded and downright dangerous. We had to spend the bulk of our time at the little pool by our room because there were so many rowdy 10-15yr olds playing football or goofing off that it was just too dangerous. I got hit in the face with the football once, and my 4yr old kept getting plowed into. So.....you can plan a 4 day trip to San Diego for the same amount of money you pay for 2 night here...don't do it. I am so very sad that all of our summer budget went to this weekend and it was a disaster. I expected more from them.
3	I'll be honest, my kids were bigger fans than I was. The pictures make the hotel look newer and higher end. I got a discount rate on Orbitz but the hotel charges a $40 fee (not sure if its per stay or per day) which includes phone, wifi and use of the fitness center and discounts for the ammentites. The hotel should include breakfast for what it charges. The food is extremely expensive but served in large portions. Went on the 4th expecting some festivities or for the pool to be open later. Nope. Wish the pool hours were 10:30 am to 10:30 PM at least instead of 9:30 to 9:30. Don't know how vigilant some of the lifeguards were which is disconcerting given the fact there were seas of children. The other staff were friendly and courteous, and very professional. The rooms are very nice but lack a microwave or fridge other than the mini bar which is bizarre since they have everything else to include a safe. I ended up having to toss out $30 in leftover food from the restaurant. Ridiculous. It is beautiful and fun for kids. We will go back if I can get a highly discounted rate amd go during a less busy time. The very cool thing is that you can use the water park from noon to 9:30pm the next day even though check in is at 4 and check out at 11am. And parents, one night is plenty.
3	It was a happy OK. But just OK.I will bullet point most of this review :)-While the rooms are nice this is definitely an older 70's style resort.-The pool area (wave pool) is not nearly as big as pictures and descriptions make it seem. I found it to be much smaller than I expected. It was not crowded though so it was not a problem.-The lazy river was nice and my older boys enjoyed the waterslides.- The hot tub at the pool near our room was not working which totally bummed me out. I had looked forward to some time in the spa.-We got a decent deal on a two night stay by liking the facebook page. They were opening dates for good deals on Tuesdays. -The virgin Pina Colada I ordered poolside was AMAZING!Overall it was a nice little staycation but I am not sure I would go back again when there are so many other resorts that are newer and nicer and offer similar deals in the summer. It was just OK.
2	Stay for 2 nights, Sunday and Monday.  Paid the extra amount to be close to the water park and there was no parking ever available near the room.  Hallways, pool areas and water park very dirty with trash everywhere. Very poor lighting in hallways at night.  The pullout sofa bed in the suite was unusable it was so bad.  The park shut down one day because of a storm and the slides were shut down for a while the next 2 days.  When I asked of we could have a late check out for a Tuesday in July, I was told that if we wanted to stay until 1:00-1:30 they would bill us for 1/2 day rate.  So, we never got to use the slides.  I will not be returning to THE ARIZONA grand RESORT.Richard Thompson
5	What an amazing stay we had! The room was lovely and perfectly located close to the Oasis as requested. The staff there is the tops! Everyone was so nice, bright and helpful, no complaints. NONE!Do NOT miss the Eggs Benedict, the best I've ever had.
4	The Arizona Grand is a great place for the family.  The Oasis Waterpark has two large slides, one smaller, winding slide, a nice, long lazy river, a wave pool as well as other swimming areas.  There are tons of lounge chairs and shade.  The area is nice and clean.  There is one way in and one way out which, as a mom with children, I appreciate.  Summer, during the week, is an awesome time to go.  Although check in is at 4pm and check out at 11am, you can start using the facilities at noon on the day you check in whether your room is ready or not.  And, on the day of check out, you still have to check out at 11am but, you can stay and use the facilities until they close that night.  That alone made the trip worth it!  We had looked at several other local waterpark resorts and they all had a 4pm check in and their water park closed at 7pm and didn't open until 10 am the next morning but check out was at 11am and they did not allow you to use the facilities either before or after check in so, if you were only there for one night, you got a total of 4 hours water park time.  The rooms are all suites with either a king bed or 2 queens and then a queen pull out sofa.  The pull out bed is beyond ridiculous.  The mattress is so thin you can see and feel every spring.  It's brutally uncomfortable.  I requested an additional comforter from housekeeping to try to cushion the mattress but they refused saying they could only give us a blanket.  They ended up bringing us a very thin, worn and stained blanket which really did nothing to help the situation.  Next time, We will bring a comforter or an egg crate or something from home to cushion the mattress.  But, the rooms are clean and large.  Also, the elevators and ice machines weren't in working order.  We were on the first floor - sent to the 3rd floor for ice but the ice machine wasn't working.  Went back down, called the front desk again who sent up back up to the 4th floor - opposite corner - for ice.  Pretty irritating after a long day at the pool.  Other than that, we enjoyed our stay.  And, if you're a return guest, they offer great discounts. We ended up not eating at the Lobby Grill this time because they didn't have the breakfast buffet.  Turns out they only offer that on the weekend.  But, in the past, we've enjoyed the breakfast buffet.
1	This resort is in need of serious renovations! The king bed sagged in the middle and was very uncomfortable. The pullout sofa literally had springs popping through the thin mattress. The pools were well over 100* and not refreshing at all. The last night we were there the fire alarm went off at 12:30am for over a half hour with loud pitch sirens to find out someone had pulled the alarm. Nothing about this resort was worth the money. The kids were quickly bored of the slides and all complained it pinched their skin and hurt their butts like a bruised feeling. We will not be back... Ever.
1	This place leaves much to be desired.  The staff is incompetent.  Very poor customer service.  So everyone it the buildings in the west side had to be excavated last night and my friends said the alarms went off for 45 minutes and nothing was done.  Folks stood outside the whole time in the monsoon. To which he staff replied to my friends "well we can't control lighting."  Which is understandable but nothing was done.  No compensation took place.  This place is a joke.  But you get what you pay for. Seek entertainment elsewhere
4	We had a great time!!Hotel is old but was very old world charming. Rooms are big and very clean. Water park was fun. My family spent hours out in the wave pool and water slides and had a blast. Food  and drink prices are very high. Even a bottle of water is $4! Can't bring in outside food or drinks to water park.Also, construction was being done right outside our room (Sedona suites) before 7am!!!!! woke us all up. Ask for a room far from construction. Was a great trip. Family loved this resort
5	Our first night we stayed here July 26 when the fire alarm went off. Of course it was upsetting, so my husband went down to the lobby to see what was going on. We were told we would be compensated,  which we were! Thanks for following through on that! Other hotels in the past, I would've had to call to get the credit, but not this one! The room was nice & comfy.  Housekeeping were nice & did a nice job. Everything we asked for, we received. The kids loved the water park! Overall, it was a great family friendly weekend! We will be back.
4	This would have been a 2 star review, but once we switched rooms it was so much better. The family and I wanted a quick trip that was budget friendly. This resort is big, fun, and would be great for everyone. Lazy river, water slides, wave pool, and a few other pools closer to the hotel rooms. Staff was super friendly, food was decent. I would suggest bringing snacks and drinks and head off the property for dinner. Great price  $77 a night plus taxes. The room was nice, living room had a sofa bed and kitchen area, the master was big and had a nice flat screen tv.
4	First, I will start by saying I wish I could give it 3 1/2 stars. It's really not a 4 but the fun I had with my family makes it better than a 3. I bought a travel zoo and if I had t bought the deal I may never have found this place. I'm glad I did. The good:*the water slides! pools and lazy river are a ton of fun*the hotel staff was pleasant and helpful *the rooms are clean and the beds are decent *the golf course is beautiful and the lobby is nice *the resort is family friendly The bad:*the property is older and upgrades are needed*its just not a 4-star hotel. It's an average hotel *the life guards all seem angry and annoyed for no known reason*the prices are too high for what you get. Deals make it worth but the quality doesn't add up to full price *the pool side dining prices are out of this world! I don't mind paying but $16 for nachos is crazy. They'd sell more if it was slightly more reasonable. A few more healthy choices would be nice too. We had an issue with our room and the manager addressed it and gave us a complimentary late check out. I appreciated the service. Overall I'm glad I came and we'll be back.
3	Purchased a deal on Living Social and spent the last weekend of the summer here. The resort fees and taxes top $60 a night extra but include wireless internet access, entry to the Oasis Water Park each day (and each night for the dive-in movie), shuttle service to the Arizona Mills Mall and Rustler's Rooste, athletic club access, parking, in room coffee, newspaper, phone calls, free appetizer at the lobby bar, and discounts at the spa and golf course. The suites are nice. The only complaint was that you can hear EVERYTHING going on next door, above, and outside from the front room. Once you close the bedroom door, it's not so bad. Except that the toilets run all night and at random intervals. There were no chairs on our balcony, which would have been fine except everyone else around us had chairs and I developed a serious case of chair envy. The extra blanket in the closet was stained, crunchy, and had holes in it. The beds were worn spring mattresses that were sunken down in the middle - especially the bed positioned in front of the TV (yes, only one bed has a direct view of the TV unless you angle it). The elevator by our room was also broken, which sucks when you are traveling with a disabled family member. We had to walk to either end of our building to access the elevators, which was a pain in the ass since we only needed to go down one level. The ice machine on our floor was also busted, so I had to hike up a level several times to retrieve ice throughout our stay. Even though our stay wasn't perfect, the employees here are extremely nice, and the water park alone was worth the stay. We had a nice time and we'd definitely do it again next summer!
4	Family spent the weekend here while I was in Phoenix for business. The rooms are average. If you are comparing this place to a Las Vegas Resort there is no comparison Las Vegas rooms and facilities are amazing. This is an average hotel with average facilities, the Golf course however looks amazing. The water park and slides are average. It is good for a couple of days after that you will get bored going down the 3 slides. Lazy river is a long and has good flow. Nachos were excellent out by the pool. Food throughout the property was a bit pricey. It's good they don't allow outside food otherwise people would bring large coolers. The rooms and common areas need some work, not a deal breaker. I noticed a lot of leaves throughout the property. Parking is very difficult. Be aware of a lot of children with a lot of noise. Overall a good stay, if I were to be in Phoenix again for business I would bring the family again.
2	We were here to celebrate our First Anniversary. We wanted to act like kids so we wanted a resort with a lazy river/ water park.  We researched this and ratings looked good for what we could see but were we wrong. Prices are of a nicer resort but don't let it fool you. Upon check in there was a line to the door, the woman at registration was uninformed of a few things, no handy cap parking, the elevator was not working, the walk way to the room was dark/ no lighting in the evening, the room was one step up from a clean Motel 6. At least Motel 6 will leave the light on. We called to complain but we were not listened to. We felt it was very over priced for what you get.               We will never spend time or money here again. Disappointed!
3	There are some really great  and some really not so great about this place, which earns it 3 stars.Based on my initial impressions on the first day of my stay, I would have given the place 5 stars, but as my stay has progressed into being a week, I'm having more and more mixed feelings.First for the good: The place is really beautiful, it feels like an oasis in a barren desert and the decor in the lobby is stunning. It is a huge place, but staff will give you a ride anywhere you need to go in the complex, and some places outside. I've read some reviews that say the place is very dated, but I only found that to be moderately true (though they still only have a CD player clock next to the bed...I can't remember when last I saw one of those dinosaurs). The rooms are very spacious, and the beds are comfortably made.I stayed in the Camelback suites.. The pool is awesome and the courtyard has a very rustic euro-mexican feel. The elevators are SOOOO slow though, I feel sorry for those assigned to the top floor rooms.The room mini fridge cooled anything in it down to about 80 degrees. Staff told us "it's not really for keeping things cool..don't leave perishables in it for more than a day".. Soooo.. whats the point of even calling it a fridge? The temperature inside it was warmer than the temperature of the (excellently) air conditioned room...Are you starting to see what I mean about mixed feelings?I agree with other reviewers that the water park food and beverage prices are exorbitant..especially considering the $40+ resort fee we were paying.. I could even live with this if they allowed paying guests to bring their own non-glass beverages, but they pretty much frisk you at the entrance and then price gouge the hell out of you when you get a little thirsty inside.. This was very disappointing. Room service meals came to the room very quickly, but were of mediocre quality. If you want to eat, go to the Lobby Grill which is excellent. With room service they add a 23% service fee and a $4 imaginary fee...and when the meal is delivered they still expect a tip. By this time you are paying 40%+ of the room service menu prices, which are already very high for such mediocre food.Maybe I should have given 2 stars, but I really had a pleasant stay and enjoyed the large rooms. My feelings were so mixed about this place, but with the great low season rate I got on Priceline, I won't complain too much. At a high season rate, none of this would have been acceptable in the slightest.
5	So far the best place I ever stayed. Everyone is friendly and the food is great! Cool spot  I'll come back.
2	For the price, there are so many places in the Phoenix area that are much nicer than this place. The golf course is fun, but the resort itself is old and the main attraction about their pool is the 8 story water slide. Service by their teenage waitstaff leaves a lot to be desired, and I called Rustlers Roost a few hours ahead of dinner time to be told they don't take reservations and to just walk in.  I tried to explain we had 14 people and still they said no reservations, just walk in. Not satisfied with the answer I called back and asked to speak with the manager. He said they do in fact take reservations and that they were no longer accepting reservations for the evening because they were full. Isn't that a better answer than saying we don't take reservations? He said if we were to walk in it would be about an hour and a half wait and rushed me off the phone. Good thing I spoke with him before dragging my crew up there. Most resorts in the area go above and beyond to make you feel welcomed and appreciated. This is not one of them.
1	We stayed here for 5 days to visit with our granddaughters from Bay Area CA.  Upon arriving we soon realized that our room had no internet.  I was on the phone with the front desk along with the internet provider for over an hour to no avail.  The next morning they had us move to room C235 (which was a complete inconvenience since we had already unpacked everything!!!).  This room, while directly next to the pool, still had very spotty WIFI and I was constantly getting booted from the internet both on my iphone and my ipad.While the pool was nice and the grandchildren enjoyed the Oasis Water Park ($40 per wrist band for extra guests) there was no microwave in the hotel room and the mini fridge (if you can call it that) was so small that nothing fit, and the few things we did put in it (which were leftovers from the Rustlers Roost) along with our beverages were warm in the morning!!!  Bottom line......this place might offer you a deal on the room rate, but be very prepared to spend a crapload of money at the "Lobby Bar & Grill", "Rustlers Roost" or "Aunt Chiladas"!!!  They make sure you can't store or prepare food in your room.  I've stayed at some pretty shady motels in my life and they have ALL had a mini fridge with a mini freezer and for the most part a microwave!!!  We were very disappointed in this hotel and will NEVER EVER AGAIN STAY HERE!!Oh and don't forget the $40/day resort fee on top of your room rate.....then ad $5/day tax to that!! Really??Oh and if you order a movie for the kids it's only good for ONE WATCH, not 24 hours like everywhere else.  Seriously this place is a RIPOFF!!  Do yourself and your family a financial favor and stay in Mesa, then get tickets to Sunsplash for $20/day and put the rest of your money in your back pocket or grab a pizza at 1/4 the cost of that money grabber AZ Grand Resort!  I know I will next time.Tobin
1	Internet wasn't working so I went to relax by the pool.   They are jack hammering something so it isn't very relaxing, oh well   This place is huge and empty so I don't know why they are boarding people near a construction project.  Positives - nice looking resort with nice staff
4	Hawaiian themed lobby bar with excellent customer service provided by Allie, Stacy, Jason, Tatum, and others.   Food was excellent for a bar and large portions. Water park is a blast with the lazy river , wave pool, and large water slides.  Once again excellent customer service at the watering hole lead by Shanna and Travis.Room was decent size located in the Sedona section but needed some TLC. Some lights didn't work, toilet ran, and carpet needed a good clean.  Mattress was great and provided good nights sleep.  Good size pools located all overEntire resort is just beautiful to walk around and every employee says hello with a smileI have stayed here many times and will defiantly stay here again
2	This resort is definitely dated and has on old feeling in the rooms. Our "balcony" doesn't even fit a chair and faces a parking lot, so I would recommend inquiring about the type of balcony your room will have before booking. I think most of the photos on the website of room views are from the owned condos, not the hotel rooms. Our first day there was no maid service to our room. The water in the sinks does not get cold and finding bottled water and ice are next to impossible. The pools are so-so, but I would suggest using the lap pool at the fitness center for the best experience. The fitness center is definitely nice for a hotel. Much better than most. The saving grace here is that so far ALL of the food has been fantastic. The bell hops and desk clerks have not been helpful at all. All in all, this is a nice hotel, but not what I had in mind as a resort. The grounds are what make it a resort, not the experience. By the way, the water park is only open on the weekends in September. It would have been nice if someone would have told us... we had to ask when we realized it wasn't opened when we went there to spend the afternoon.
4	We recently stayed at the resort for a large dance competition.  the hotel was terrific; staff was incredibly friendly and helpful.  Our room was clean and well stocked with a beautiful view.  The water park was well enjoyed by the literally hundreds of dancing kids.  There were many lifeguards and the pools were incredibly clean and well tended.  Service at restaurant was very slow, but the food was good.
4	We stayed here for a stay cation in june. We were not prepared to tip the staff, so bring a few bucks with you. They bring you to your room and help with all your luggage, we had 3 kids and the staff didn't act at all that it was too much stuff to help. My husband and son golfed at the  course and they said it was really nice. The water park was great for the kids. We stayed 2 nights and i feel 1 day at the water park was enough. Over all had a nice time. Rooms were nice and quiet.
5	My family has been staying here every so often when we're in town for Thanksgiving for as long as I can remember.  And we've had nothing less than the absolute best experiences, this year being no exception!  The layout really does make it seem like you're in some kind of tropical oasis, and the staff is always completely and totally friendly and wonderful.  I love this place, and plan on staying here whenever possible in the future!
5	Awesome place!  Great room, friendly staff, full service restaurant and bar and the golf course is beautiful.
