4	i was super impressed with this place.  never would have found it if a girlfriend who went to asu hadn't told me.  SO glad she did.i got some awesome bbq chicken...i was tempted to get the bi bim bop, but i have korean roomies, so i had to try something i can't get in tucson.  i had the chicken which was TENDER and tasty.  the macaroni salad, which is the deciding factor on my ratings of plate lunch, was pretty damn ono!  i had the long rice, which was a lil bland, the cabbage, which was tasty and the cucumber kim chee, which is always a winner in my book.the staff are wicked friendly and the food was SUPER tasty...next time i'm trying the garlic chicken.
4	I love this place. When they first opened I went here almost everyday. Well at the least 3-4 days a week. I love how there is a more Korean influence since a good and cheap Korean restaurant in hard to find. I like the fish jun it is my absolute favorite. It brings back memories of when I was younger when my mom used to make them. I love how you get a number of sides and there are many healthy options to choose from. I have tried a number of the items on their menu and I have no complaints so far. This is a Family run business and always better than any corporate places. The BBQ chicken and fish jun are the best, large Hawaii style portions so come hungry folks!Perfect for Game days since they are close to the stadium and they have a few beers on tap.
4	Love this place! They do Korean BBQ right and the best BONUS about this place is you get to pick 3 sides to go with your meal. You can pick from cabbage kimchi, cucumber kimchi, glass noodles, broccoli, corn, bean sprouts, to name a few. Typical hawaiian bbq joints just give you rice and macaroni salad and I always crave the kimchi and pickles to go with it and this place gives you 3 options! I've had the kalbi, chicken bbq, and cold noodles. All very very good!
1	First of all, I incorrectly thought I was going to the other high rated Hawaiian place because I didn't pay attention to the name or address.  I just knew this place replaced Julio too's (dating myself) and checked it out.  Pretty much everything about my meal was poor.  All of the sides are either really bad impersonations of Korean sides, or corn straight out of the Del Monte can.  The seaweed used white vinegar, the cabbage was bland, and the clear noodle things were just not tasty.  I got a combo plate with BBQ chicken and the short ribs.  The short ribs were chewy with very tough fat on them.  They were not that good.  The BBQ chicken was not that good either and resembled slimy dark meat chicken that you find in a Panda Express rice bowl.  I guess the white rice was... white... and made of rice.  At least they didn't screw that part up.for $10 I expect a much better meal.  I ate about half of it and threw the rest away.  I will never go back, and if you are someone that wants a lot of these flavors, go check out Cho Dang in Chandler.  It seems a lot of Paradise's (horribly ironic name) food is highly influenced by Korean food but poorly done.  You can get a better meal at a sit down place for less money at Cho Dang.   If you want food that rivals Samurai Sam's, Kyoto Bowl, or Panda Express than this is your place.  If you want decent food I suggest looking elsewhere.  I will be checking out the other Hawaiian joint around the corner to see if it is any better.  I am clueless on how this place averages 4 stars.  They deserve 1 star, but I was going to be nice and go with 2.  However, I just remembered that they do not have a public restroom which always chaps my ass.
4	4 sides, shrimp tempura and chicken bbq all for 7.99. Good deal! I like Paradise because of the food- very down to earth, comfort food for a hungry Pinay like me and also because I am an avid supporter of local businesses, especially immigrant owned businesses. Back to the meal though: I came for dinner and the sides that I chose were steamed broccoli, a cabbage vegetable dish, glass noodles and macaroni salad of course! All very scrumptious and totally filling. I was halfway thru my to go box and pretty much had to stop because I was so full.Another plus- it's within walking distance of the lightrail, so even if you are not near ASU or Tempe, it's a good place to check out. Other things to note:1) no public restrooms2) they close at 9pm most nights I believe3) they are not open on sundays
4	I was looking for something possibly economical and different for dinner.  This popped up on Urban Spoon...double-checked here on Yelp...and we had a winner.  I stopped in...the lady was helpful in explaining the options on the menu to me (had a hard time understanding her...but after a few tries we were on the same page).  I've never had a "Hawaiian plate lunch/dinner' whatever before.  I got the 2 meat combo, the Meat Jun and BBQ beef.  The Meat Jun was good...a little plain...but add a dribble of the sweet/spicy sauce the put on the side and it kicks. The BBQ beef was pretty good by itself...a couple drops of the sauce though...brings out some more flavor. What surprised me the most though was just the sheer amount of food (was not actually looking to eat that hefty).  I heard "pick up to 4 sides" and I was shocked.  4?!  OK...picked the macaroni salad, bean sprouts, spicy cucumber, and spicy cabbage.I got the plate.  On top of the food I knew, there were two large scoops of rice also.  A LOT of food.  ...and most of it was good.Good:  Meat Jun and the BBQ beef were both good. The bean sprouts and spicy cucumber...surprisingly good.  Definitely interested in a revisit.  The finale...I had a couple scoops of rice to deal with.  The remainder of that tasty sauce mixed in with the rice.  Good stuff.The Meh:  The macaroni salad...meh.  Tasted like it was drowned in Helmann's...which to me might as well be curdled water...tasteless mayo.  The spicy cabbage was a little too spicy for me.  Conclusion:  Cool little place.  I would definitely like to return sometime.
2	Today was my second or third time coming to Paradise, but I wouldn't call it that if I had a choice.I ordered the Chicken Katsu, which is a favorite of mine when it comes to Hawaiian food.  I was disappointed that it was especially chewy, and that they served it with BBQ sauce instead of Katsu sauce.  It just didn't taste quite right.  The lady working there wasn't particularly friendly, either.  I'll just go to Ono next time I hear the call of Katsu.
2	So after discovering that Mai Island Grill closed the boyfriend and I tried to be optimistic and try "the other place down the street" - Paradise.Boooo. It completely pales in comparison. I got the lunch special which included BBQ chicken, BBQ beef and Meat Jun. The chicken was meh, the beef was hard to chew, but the Meet Jun was pretty good. Hence the two stars instead of one.You do get a lot of food. The meat comes with two scoops of rice and your choice of sides. I chose the mac salad (given) and veggies. The mac salad was okay, very creamy. But my veggies were cold. Like intentionally cold, not just that they had cooled off. I thought this was weird. Cold corn? Chilled cooked zucchini? No thanks.Boyfriend had the katsu. It was decent but not outstanding. Overall it seemed like they use pretty low grade meat. As he put it - "lots of knuckles." Yuck.I might go back to try the pork or the spam musubi - at least you know what to expect from spam - but I won't be running back anytime soon. Maybe once my stomach ache goes away I'll feel better about the place.
2	I've been mourning the loss of Mai Island Grill since it closed. Desperate for a nearby Chinese fix, my coworker and I swung down to brave Paradise Lost Hawaiian BBQ, as I'm wont to call it.It's incredibly hot inside. The dining area is air conditioned, but the lobby/foyer where you order, not so much. The food is just barely passable. It lacks the rich flavor that I'd come to associate with good Hawaiian from Mai, and I suppose there's a decent amount of it, but it feels just slopped into a take-out container and there you go. The rice is a too-sticky mess (not in the good way), and the broccoli and macaroni salad were disappointing.I had the lunch special and the chicken just wasn't doing it for me. My coworker was excited by a big noodle soup bowl an older Korean gentleman was slurping in the dining area, but he was brusquely informed "we no serve soup". So much for that.The cook was just behind the counter, literally sweating onto the grill, dropping his grill-cleaner on the floor, and having at it again without much of any concern. Now, I know I leave my grill scraper outside and I'm sure I've dropped it, but this is just one of those things that piled on the disappointment. The food was lackluster, but you get a lot of it, and it's relatively cheap. I won't be back. I'll resign myself to hoping the Mai people come back as they've hinted at on their Facebook and Twitter.
2	it's decent i guess.  i just had it.  regret going and feel yucky.  i never want to say anything bad about a mom and pop place.  all i can think about is that's their bread and butter.  but it's not good :(  and if you ever had mai island grill your absolutely going to be dissapointed.
5	A review from an Island Girl! My family and I moved to the Valley from Kahalu'u on Oahu 4 years ago and have been searching ever since to find a good Korean Island Style BBQ . We found it right here in Tempe AZ. Paradise Hawaiian BBQ is the bomb! Korean/Hawaiian BBQ meat with 2 scoop rice and 4 sides complete your plate. The mac salad is ONO! The restaurant is family owned (by a local Korean ohana) and the service is great. Eh, they carry Hawaiian Sun Juice and make a mean SPAM Musubi too. If you are missing some good Island food this is the best place we have found to get our fix!
4	I like their food because its only one like it in Arizona when it comes to Korean-Hawaiian BBQ.. Some people have given them bad ratings because they are comparing it to a traditional Korean cuisine. You cant compare the two because they are different. This is a Korean-Hawaiian BBQ restaurant where they serve multitude of dishes from different ethic groups in Hawaii....My favorites are Meat-Jun and Kalbi combo.. Try it out..
4	The owners are Korean...the cooks are Korean...if you want to eat the good food on the menu, order the Korean food.  (btw--I'm Korean too).  We've been here 3 times and have order the Kalbi, bi bim bop and bulgogi...all were pretty darn good considering the price (cheap) and the fact there aren't any casual inexpensive Korean restaurants...I didn't try any of the other food on the menu (ie: hamburgers?) so perhaps the less Korean/Hawaiian foods aren't very good. Regarding customer service.......it's an inexpensive order and eat place in a college town...as long as food is good and service is quick, then it's a win in my book.
5	The closest Korean Hawaiian BBQ restaurant you will find in Arizona. Take this advise from a local from Hawaii easily can be compared to Yummy's from back home! Now that's some Ono kine grindz!!
2	I suppose I'm disappointed because it's more Korean than Hawaiian, though from reading other reviews I should have realized that. I do like Korean food, but in this case, I didn't think it worked out too well. The prices are normal - about $8/plate - and you get a main entree with 4 sides. For the sides, you get to pick from a selection of various Korean side dishes, like kimchi and pickled cucumbers. They also have macaroni salad, which is more of a Hawaiian BBQ side dish. Today I ordered the Beef BBQ plate and my boyfriend ordered the Chicken Katsu and Meat-Jun plate. I thought the beef was cooked well enough. It wasn't so tough that I couldn't cut through it. But I thought it was a little too salty and dry after a while. The meat-jun was really good. I'm not sure what it is. It seems like it was meat wrapped in egg or something...? The chicken katsu was also all right, but the katsu sauce was too thick and too salty as well. About half way through the meal, I started feeling a little uneasy. I'm not sure what it was - maybe it was the macaroni salad or the kimchi. My boyfriend felt the same way, too. It wasn't too bad that I couldn't finish my food, but I didn't really enjoy it and I don't think I'll be coming back.
2	The food here looks better than it tastes. I have eaten here a handful of times, and the last time was the LAST time. I am very flexible and adventurous when it comes to dining, and have very few hangups when it comes to food. While I am fully aware that there are many breaded and deep fried items in different Asian and Pacific Island foods that have bones in them, I personally did not expect to bite into a breaded piece of chicken Katsu with a little bone in the end. I almost broke a tooth! I am sure this is normal, but my favorite joint, Ma'i Island grill did not have the bone-in variety, and I just wasn't expecting it. Moving on, the flavor of every dish I have had here has been lacking. They have a wide variety of sides to choose from, but most of them seem like canned food items that were dumped into a display case. No complex flavors, nothing to write home about. One of the most disappointing items on the menu is the macaroni salad. It isn't bad, but when I go to eat Hawaiian, this is something I look forward to, and it is plain and bland here. I have heard the Korean food is good here, but it is pressented as a Hawaiian food place, so...All in all, there are better choices when looking for Hawaiian dining, just Yelp it out till you find one worth going to.
1	The food tasted decent but I got horrible food poisoning from the macaroni salad. :( I will never eat here again.
5	I am born and raised in Hawaii.  This place totally reminds me of Hawaii.  For one, the Korean food is very similar to Hawaii's Korean food, like Yummies.  There's so many different plates to choose from BBQ chicken, Chicken Katsu, Spicy Pork, Kalbi, Meatjuhn-which is only Hawaii thing, etc...After you order your plate, you have 4 choices to choose from- mac salad, kimchee, cucumber kimchee, chop chae, sweet potato, corn, etc.  The price is reasonable for the amount of food that they give, and the owners are always nice.
5	I'm a flight attendant and was out exploring PHX on a layover and stumbled upon this place.  OMFG!  The food here is insanely good!  I used to go to this Korean-Hawaiian BBQ while on my layovers in Honolulu, but have never seen it here on the Mainland.  This place is just amazing!  I tried the Dinner Combo and am still dreaming about it 3 days later!
4	Will fill you up and not let you down. The lunch special with 3 different meats and 4 sides for $7.49? is a steal. The owners are friendly and consist ant and I like the fact that you can kick back and have a drink or 2 while your here. I would give them 5 stars, however an amazing Hawaiian place used to be located down the street and tasted even better than Paradise.. its a shame they are gone but Paradise isn't that bad of a substitute.
5	As a local boy from Hawaii I made it a quest to find a place that reminds me of home and after living in Phoenix 4 yrs now.....I finally found a place that can subdue my craving for a for Korean style plate lunch. Plate lunch is a term that us locals like to call our plates from a bbq or local eatery. A normal plate that you can get from ONO Hawaiian BBQ, L&L BBQ, or any other hawaiian places is that every entree comes with rice and mac salad. But Korean style plate lunches come with rice and 4 sides like mac salad, kimchee, cucumber kimchee, noodles, corn, salad, and seaweed plus a few other choices. Thas the key difference and so far this is the only place I have found this.I like this place the most compared to any other Hawaiian bbq spot out here is that they serve Meat jun and the sides.  Meat Jun is thinly sliced marinated beef that is egg battered, then pan fried, and served with a slightly spicy sauce. It is also a Korean entree that originated from Hawaii so don't really expect to find this at any other Korean restaurants.I recommend people to try this place.
4	The menus and food at this restaurant definitely replicate the feeling of the Korean-style plate lunch and you can get everywhere in Hawaii.This visit was my first to the restaurant and it was primarily for the meat jun, which I have not been able to find anywhere else in the Phoenix area. I was pleasantly surprised with the rice, mac salad, plus 4 sides offered with each plate.I really liked the food. However, I think they could do more to make the restaurant more attractive. It just seems a bit dingy and I know my wife (a native Arizonan) would probably not want to come back. I think they are relying on good, cheap food and quick service, which would be great if I just wanted take out. They do have a good location with enough tables and parking, so I think dressing up the place a bit more might keep a few more customers, especially on the weekends. We were there on a Saturday evening and were the only ones there (7 of us).Regarding the refills and to-go boxes, I think they had a sign that said you're limited to one refill and they charge 25 cents for the takeout box. I had added a couple bucks tip on my cc receipt so the gal gave me the box for free. Not a big deal, but be aware. I guess you could just order the food "to-go" for the box and eat it there if you wanted to.Anyway, I'd definitely go back for the meat jun, kim chee, and mac salad. I'm bummed that the L&L closer to me is closed (the one at Stapley/US60), but I'm glad I found this place. I hope that they prosper and invest in making the restaurant itself more attractive to complement the great food.
2	Meh.I'm pretty adventurous with food, and not hard to please, but this place fell short of the mark.Dingy, not enough seating and way too close together (I had to say "Excuse me" 5 times when leaving), they charge for EVERYTHING. That's one of the few things that has always really ground my gears when eating out - being charged 25 cents for ranch or whatnot. This place charges for to-go boxes, more than one drink refill, extra sauce, you name it. They even have a sign on the water that they'll fine you $2 if caught drinking soda out of a water cup. It just gave off a cheapskate air.My friend had a cheeseburger that just looked blah and she said it was nothing special. I had chicken katsu, which was pretty stringy, the breading just tasted greasy, and there was not nearly enough sauce. The macaroni salad was just bleck - it was warm, eww. So was the cabbage, come to it.... everything from the display case of sides actually.It was a lot of food for the $10 something with drink, but I barely managed half of it and in a very uncharacteristic gesture, I declined to take it home - must have been pretty bad.
4	This is as good Hawaiian food as I remember having in Hawaii. The portions are huge and filing. I always get the kalbi and chicken katsu. Don't expect the woman behind the counter to smile though.
4	This is my typical spot I go to when I want some good Hawaiian/Korean BBQ.  This place is just like places back home in Hawaii.  The owners are from Hawaii.  I love this spot because this is the only place in the valley where I can find a quick korean bbq stuff.  The other Hawaiin spots are good too but don't serve Meat Jun or all cool Korean side dishes.  My favorite dishes are the meat jun and kalbi.  The kalbi has great flavor but its a hit or miss on the portions.  Some times I get surprised and there is more than usual but sometimes I get pissed and wonder if I should come back for Kalbi here again.  The Meat Jun is always a huge portion.  Probably cause the meat doesn't cost as much as kalbi meat.  It's a great alternative for people looking for good Korean BBQ.  Most korean restaurants are way more expensive than here and more sit in restaurants.  I always order out at this place but I did notice the nickel and diming they do with all the small stuff like refills and stuff.  I hate when places do that too but its a rough economy and the owner have always been super cool with me so that stuff doesn't bother me I guess since the food is good.
1	I was very unimpressed. We started ordering our food and some college kid actually pushed in front of us while we were placing an order and started ordering his own food. The woman at the counter turned away from us and decided to help the kid who had just walked in a stepped in front. When we were able to order one of our meals was forgotten. After requesting the forgotten food the woman brought it out and slammed it down on our table. It was all a very strange and confusing experience, as we were being polite and friendly despite the terrible service. To top off terrible service the steak lunch special came out as strips of fat. I do not often give bad ratings; I feel that they are reserved for the rare combination of poor service, unappealing environment and bad food. This place had all 3.
3	The food is good, they usually give you a lot. Everything eventually tastes the same though. They do charge for everything, extra sauce to extra to-go box, which I guess is their right.
5	U can order bibimbap for vegetarian :) awesome!
4	Very good plate meals, but don't go in expecting great service.  Don't expect any cheerful "Hello, how can I help you?" and don't expect any eagerness to give you extras, like extra napkins, without a dirty look and exasperated expression on the cashier's face.  Despite the service, it's worth it for the great selection of dishes and sides.  The meat jun was very good, and is somewhat like the Asian version of a chicken fried steak.  It's an egg battered steak that's been fried.  The steak meat was tender, and the meal came with steamed rice and your choice of panchan sides as well as macaroni salad to choose from (4 for each meal).  They had panchan such as fried cabbage, bean sprouts, kimchee, jap chae, marinated seaweed, and broccoli florets.  They also have Hawaiian Sun drinks as well as a soda fountain for your beverage needs.  This is a place I'll be frequenting again for the delicious plates.
2	Some friends decided to get lunch here, and I wasn't too excited because it just didn't look that good at all. But in America, majority rules, and I had to go...I'm not really into expensive places for lunch, and my threshold is about $7-8. Almost everything here was $9+ for lunch, except their special "Blazin Steak". It came with a drink, some pretty good steak, a side of some balls of rice and a side of macaroni. While the steak was pretty tasty, the macaroni was really plain and the rice was just plain boring. Even with additional "teriyaki" sauce I was bored.To make things worse, they couldn't remember whose order was whose. It took about 5 minutes to figure out everything when they started bringing out food. A girl at our table got food she didn't even order, and then had to wait 10 minutes to get the right order. This place is clean, the service is debatable, but for me the food is kind of bland. Don't think I will be trying this place again.
4	This place has quickly become one of my favourite lunch stops when I'm at school, partially due to the distance, but also because it's tasty! For the portions you get when you order, it's a great price. I like to order the lunch special whenever I go there, but it's only from 11-2pm (?). What you get is barbequed chicken, grilled strips of steak, and meat jun, which is thiny sliced beef battered in egg over rice, and four different sides! The way they barbeque the chicken is tender, and the grill flavour is apparent whenever you take a bite. The same goes for the steak. I'm not sure I really care for the meat jun, because mostly what I taste is egg. The sides are wonderful, I usually order their macaroni salad, marinated cucumber, seaweed salad, and the noodles. I used to order their kimchi, but it's not tart enough for me, so I stopped. This is a great joint to quickly stop by and grab a lunch, so I don't have any problems regarding the look of the restaurant since I'm there for only around 10 minutes at a time. The staff is nice, quick, and has great service.
3	Pretty good for a korean food pick-me-up.  The portions are HUGE and incredibly filling.  For under $10 you can get 2 choice of meats, rice and 4 sides.  Now THAT is a real value.Of course, you get what you pay for.  The restaurant looks like a converted baja fresh and all dishes are served on either paper plates or stryofoam boxes.  The cashier is always busy, so it is hard to ask for a cup for water or a pair of chopsticks.I will say, though, one good thing is that there is restaurant parking out back, very convenient since you'd normally have to pay meter parking to eat around Mill.
4	Like everyone has said before, Korean food served Hawaiian plate lunch style. Big portions are good, but a little much for lunch. Prices are good. While the Korean is not as good as it's possible to get in Phoenix (i.e. Hodori), it's still quite good. Easily my favorite Asian restaurant within walking distance of ASU.
4	This place definitely filled my korean bbq hunger. I got the bbq chicken and kal-bi combo which was probably the best combo in my mind. The chicken was juicy and flavorful. The kal-bi had a nice flavor, although I would have liked more or it in proportion to the chicken. We added a bud light for a dollar, which is a plus in my book. I enjoyed the sides, the macaroni salad, noodles, kimchi, and broccoli. Although the kimchi is not as pickled as I normally like it, it still had a good flavor. Sure this place charges you extra for things like takeout containers, but is it really a problem to just order it as a takeout and then eat what you want there and then take the rest home? My complaint is that it was hard to eat the food with plastic forks and knives.
4	I moved from Hawaii, after living there for 30+ years.  I would say my taste buds are pretty accurate on whats good and whats not on hawaiian style food.  Paradise BBQ is on par to what a local Hawaiian/korean bbq place would be like and better.  I've been traveling to different so called Hawaiian influenced plate lunch places in the area and thus far they are only 'OK'.  I've learned that the ownders of Paradise BBQ actually lived in Hawaii and understand the tastes of the "Local People" which already gives them an advantage over the other restaraunts.  If you want to have good food, alot of food and feel sleepy after eating a good meal- as the locals in hawaii call it. "Kanak Attack"- than this is the place to go!  OK Pau Now!
4	Had the spicy beef lunch plate with four sides. It was outstanding! Great kimchi too.
2	This is sub par Hawaiian. The meat was tough and stringy and there is only plastic silverware. The Macaroni salad has twice the amount of mayonnaise needed, the vegetables were cold. My stomach has been flipping all night after eating here. I have had better Hawaiian in the valley for much less. If you are ever in the neighborhood for Leo's, give that a try.
5	Everything here is so authentic and tastes just like home. It's always a hard decision on what to order, but meat jun never has failed me. I always order meat jun unless I'm wanting to try something different. All the food here reminds tastes just like the food home back home in Hawaii.
4	The lunch special (available until 2pm) is a nice amount of food for the money and is very tasty.  Having said that, we aren't so sure that the owners are all that fond of their patrons.  Sometimes it can feel as if they are annoyed that you showed up!  Or maybe that's just the hawaiian way? ;) We're also not too sure how sanitary it is to be preparing food, chopping vegetables and the like in the dining room where customers are?  We suppose, as long as they keep serving up the tasty bbq chicken, and we don't get sick, we'll keep going back!
4	I like this place for lunch. It's cheap and filling. The food is good, not great. The plate lunches are nice. The Korean dishes are a bit better and I usually opt for these.The service matches the price (as in there is a cashier and you take care of everything else). The place is clean, but calling it "no frills" would be too much praise. It's paper plates and disposable utensils. If you ask for a water cup, you get a tiny little dixie cup. On the water tap on the soda fountain there's a sign that reads "ANYONE CAUGHT USING WATER CUPS FOR SODA WILL BE FINED $2:00!" I have no idea why I find that so funny.Oh, and they have beer. A nice plus.
5	Don't need to go home to Hawaii for Korean BBQ anymore!
3	Food is good, Meat Jun, spicy pork ,and Kalbi.. just like Hawaii kine Yummy's and Tasty BBQ, btw the owners are from Hawaii also.. wit side of mac salad, kim chee, long rice, and much more. Prices are reasonable.
4	Good food, but don't eat there. The forks and knives won't let you pick up the food sometimes, they are so cheap. But the food is good!
4	Coming from Oregon, we amazingly have a lot of really good Hawaiian places, in my opinion. We stopped by here on the way back to the airport. It is a nice campus location that was pretty quiet on a Monday lunch hour.Unfortunately for this review, we ended up just getting a few Musubi as we had a flight to catch. It was very fresh, delicious, and had my wife (who is not a spam fan) asking for more. I am solely giving this a 4 star because of the limited menu item we sampled. However, that item was 5 star delicious.
3	Ok, so I have never been to Hawaii or had Korean food in Hawaii, so my experience is solely from enjoying the flavors and spices of the food.However, living in Korea for almost two years has compelled my taste buds to know when Korean food is amazing, mediocre, and just plain bad.The food here is actually rather tasty, and somewhat authentic.  It is not as yummy as Korean food that I have enjoyed in New York, California, and Korea but it calmed my craving for inexpensive Korean food.I ordered the combination of the fried chicken patty and grilled spicy barbecue chicken.  My sides included kimchi (which was decent), seaweed salad (yummy), macaroni salad (a little too much mayo, but surprisingly tasty), and cabbage (which got lost in the sauce of the kimchi and spicy barbecue chicken).  The white rice was nice and sticky like I like it when eating Korean food.The young lady at the cash register was nice enough.  She and I talked about Korea and how things had become expensive there since I last lived there almost 4 years ago.Overall I received a lot of good food for less than $10.00.I will be back and maybe have a beer next time with my meal.
4	I found this place completely on accident - wrong turn leads to a wonderful find!  You know you are in for an authentic meal when you are the only white person in the joint.Huge selection, tons of choices and BIG servings.My food was delicious.  And I love that I got to chose all of my sides - fun and tasty.What's not to like about all of that?
5	I moved to AZ from Hawaii in 2003 & I've tried all the hawaiian bbq joints here.  This one is the BEST although its more like a korean bbq restaurant that's found all over Hawaii.  Everything on the menu is delish except for the garlic chicken. That item should be replaced with mochiko chicken!
5	This place is awesome! Better than the traditional fast Hawaiian food!This place I'd say is very authentic with huge portions!  It's inexpensive, great quality/fresh, and a huge portion!  A must try if you are craving Hawaiian food!
3	I had not been here for about 3 years but I was in the neighborhood and went to pick up some "plates" for my family.  I was a little disappointed.  So I can only give them 3 stars, at best.  First of all, their meats are not as good as before.  I ordered the bbq beef and bbq pork and kalbi.  Not very much and the quality of the meat was lower than what they used before.  Further, they now grill the raw meat without it being marinated and then brush the marinade on the cooking meat.  Consequently, the meat is not "well soaked" and not very tasty.  Their prices are OK, but I never would have thought I would say this, but even Hawaiian BBQ has better prices and better quality meats and more of it.  The only think that Paradise has over Hawaiian is the sides -- Paradise at least has Korean banchan choices while Hawaiian only has sauteed cabbage and veggies.
4	This was my first Hawaiian BBQ experience and it was great. Good prices, large portions, fresh food
5	I love Hawaiian BBQ and this place is very good! I had the BBQ Beef and Chicken plus you get to choose 4 sides. I had Kimchee, Sprouts, Cabbage and Mac Salad.I will definitely be going here again.
3	food is just like Hawaii but the customer service is almost insulting. Brought friends there from a swim meet and not only will they never go back but they were left with such a bad impression that I'm sure they will pass the word around.They seemed put out to be there, charge us for an extra plate to share or to go. Had to ask for everything and we were told to clean up our area.
3	Decent Hawaiian food, good portion for the money! Rice comes with every meal i've ordered and its typically 2 large scoops that i can never finish. Lunch combo i tried came with 3 meats but couldn't even tell you what they were or tasted like. You also get 4 small veggie sides, macaroni salad, corn, mixed veggies, etc. the establishment could use a little upkeep, almost no pride in ownership. They have a old buffet as you walk in the door just used for storage of random items. The hot sauce bottles were all down the very last bit. I looked all over the place couldn't find napkins and theirs signs that say they charge for togo boxes and thats never a good sign. But like i said its decent food for the price would definately recommend to try it once especially if you like hawaiian bbq but i certainly wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.
2	I hate to give bad reviews. :( I excitedly came here after careful research in AZ as to "Hawaiian food" and found this place. I am from Hawaii and am part korean. So my Hun and I excitedly came here with high hopes from reading the reviews and comparing to other places. We drove 35 min to get there. Upon arrival, the place reminded me of plate lunch places in Hawaii... Kinda hole in the wall ish. With Hawaiian stuff decorating the place. This place reminded me of a chain in Hawaii called "Yummys Korean BBQ", except not as clean, veggie portions not as big, nor did they have a veggie place option (5 larger portions of veggies and 2 scoops rice). :( Or a fried tofu option like Hawaii often has... :(  I proceeded to the counter excitedly explaining I was newly relocated and from Hawaii and that this was the first "Hawaiian" place I found online and was going to try. There was a lady that helped me that was completely rude, unfriendly, and did not care about what I just expressed. :( Just rude and wanting to hurry and take an order from me. With that said, I would never return back to such a rude place where no true aloha is being expressed from them. :( You would think a simple "hi" or "welcome!" back would have been great, especially because I happily greeted her with a smile and that I was from Hawaii excited to try their food!  But nada. Just rudeness, straight face, and no smile. Bummer. Not coming back. They need a veggie plate option, a website, and nicer servers who don't act like customers are bothering them. I am one who highly values my interactions with others, especially when it comes to being served, and when a restaurant claims to have anything connected to Hawaii, I would hope to find some true aloha spirit there to keep me coming back for more. What a disappointment. :(
5	I always get the meat junn.  Food is good and portions are large. I always leave full.... and with the wifes left overs for lunch the next day.  The only thing I wish they had is manapua...
1	Well I was wanting to feel like I was back home but was sadly disappointed.  First like Juli said in her review the two ladies are not very friendly they barely acknowledge you. There is no Aloha at Paradise. .  The utensils are so cheap that it will not cut anything.  We got the paradise special, kim chee soup, 2 Hawaiian Sun drinks, and 2 spam musubi  and my total was about 28$. The musubi was the best thing I ate there.  After 15 minutes my stomach wasn't happy.  ( you know what I mean)  Would I be back..... NO not worth the drive and hassle..... My search is still ongoing to find taste of home.
5	I love this place. Located just off busy Mill Ave, I come here once a week. I love that you get four side options. I always go for macaroni salad, bean sprouts and two scoops of the cabbage salad. My favorite main is the spicy pork. Their short ribs are also incredible. I love this place. Yum! You can't go wrong here. :) Don't expect good parking, because it sucks.  Just get in and get out.
2	Maybe when they opened in 2009, they had better service but this place is pretty close to horrible.  I am pretty easy going, and would come back to most places but this place is a one time thing.Too many complains that are similar to others who have 1 or 2 stars.  Read theirs, its very similar to my experience there.  The 2 stars is purely for the decent quality of their meats and sides (except the macaroni salad which taste of pure mayo).  No stars for layout/appearance/settings, no star for unfriendly and rude customer service.  No stars for being cheapskates and posting signs asking for 25 cents for to go boxes, one refill each or they will charge u if they catch U.  Use the water cups for soda and they will "catch you and charge U the full price", and oh also no Restrooms.  Not even for customers.  I wonder who they bribed at the City of Tempe to get away with this.  My own experience goes like this, stood at the counter after looking thru the menu at the side.  Was the only one there except for another customer who is sitting and talking with the cashier.  Cashier reluctantly comes over and take my order.  Told me to pick 4 sides, half way thru scooping my mac salad, turns away and disappears to the back.  Comes back and ignored me, went to the microwave and pulled out a plate of food.  Grab chopsticks and a napkin and brought it out for the customer she was busy chatting with (probably a regular)  Realized that I am still here (its hard to miss a 6-1 fella standing behind your damn counter)  and came back to get me the rest of my sides.What is wrong with that previous paragraph................Microwave.  other than bad service which I have already expected, i guess they have meat and stuff ready grilled and just popped them with the sides all on a plate into the microwave.  The Kalbi ribs were decent, some sections had too much fat, use a better grade of meat to prevent this.  chicken terriyaki is good.  Meat Jun is disgusting.  Sorry whoever had it, might have had the fresh ones, mine is stale cold and microwaved, I know it because anything with egg when left for too long will start to leech oil and turn a darkish yellow color.  They have a lot of food, yes, but their formula for success is just that, lot of food, lot of mediocre, cafeteria, mess hall type of food.  if you are hungry and need a lot of food and have no problems handling this, well, its all good, this is your place to come to.  I would have loved this place when i was in college, but wait, I had mai island Grill back when I was in ASU and they made really good BBQ for about the same price.  Don't be impressed by the sides because all Korean places in the valley give U these sides of 6-8 dishes with your lunch or dinner.  Their sides are nothing special and same as any Korean place.  if that is all someone need to beat them, then just make medicore food like they do, don't use a microwave or better yet just hide it from the front, give 5 sides with every order, charge the same price, give free refills, free to go shit and last but not least, service with a smile.  Open your restaurant down the road from this place and yup, maybe even call yourself the Real Paradise Grill :)I think some of the people I usually see with great reviews on Yelp had probably came here in 2009 when it first opened but now, its lost its sense of pride in terms of appearance and food.  Its time for either an owner change or a restaurant change.  Last but not least, Sun Devils, come on, you need to pick with you feet and walk away from places that gives you bad food and service, I did, you can too.  get a george foreman grill, some korean bbq sauce, some beef short ribs, put them in a bag, pour in some bbq sauce and let it sit over night, next day just grill it.  Thats it, all the kalbi u like to eat.
4	Hmm...was this a Hawaiian restaurant? I'm not sure...I don't recall seeing spam on the menu. Or was it because I never got past the Korean dishes that were listed first? Oh wait, wait, I seem to remember seeing something about Kalua pork on Wednesdays.Usually I would feel bad about going to a regional restaurant and ordering something that's not part of that region, but I was hankering for some Korean food and the people operating this restaurant were clearly Korean, so I figured I couldn't go wrong there. This turned out to be one of the most flavorful and varied meals I had on this trip! I ordered the spicy pork and galbi plate, which came with 4 sides, and since I didn't want rice, the lady offered to give me an additional side. The sides I picked were kimchi, cabbage salad, spicy cucumber, zucchini salad, and bean sprouts. I read the macaroni salad is delicious, but it's not always easy to get enough veggies on the road, so I thought I'd jump at this opportunity. Both the spicy pork and galbi were tender and tasty. The pork wasn't very spicy, but I'm sure you could ask for more hot sauce. I was too lazy. For $10 plus change, this was a fantastic find. Next time I'll try the Kalua pork, or something else that's more Hawaiian, if I can get past my Korean food craving.
4	Being from Hawaii, I was craving a plate lunch. Found this place busy with college students. What I liked was it was Koreans cooking Korean food. I got the kalbi and fish jun and lit smelled so good I couldn't wait to get home. When I opened it, it was just what I was craving. The kalbi was a little dry and tough and as much as I like mayo there was too much in the mac salad for me. The fish jun and other two sides were excellent. I'll be back for sure.
4	By accident, I found Paradise or at least the restaurant Paradise Hawaiian BBQ nestled next to ASU. Its hard to find Hawaiian food much good Hawaiian food. All the popular foods are on the menu, and don't worry, there are pictures up of all the dishes. I ordered one of my favorite dishes is Kahlua Pork, and they had it. I had it with the popular Hawaiian side dish, macaroni salad and then added a side of Korean Kim chee. The food is great and a break from all the normal college row food fare. Give it a try!
4	On my quest to try all the local Hawaiian BBQ places in iown, I finally made it to this one. Great portions for the price and mom was cooking. Everything was fresh except for the restaurant itself. Kinda dive'ish and not real comfy to sit and enjoy the tasty food. Take out is your best option here. The Mac salad is good and I love the veggie side options. A definite stop next time I'm in the area.
3	Came here for the first time today. While browsing the menu, I hear what sounds like a cackle from the distance. I look over and spot what seems like, a kind woman (oh how wrong was I), who is yelling at me asking what I want to order. At this point I'm being rushed so I go with the original, the chicken teriyaki. As my sides I chose to gamble by taking all 4 as "macaroni salad," it should just be called mayonnaise, but hey, it's a free country. The place is kind of hole in the wall, which I don't mind, so long as the food and the service is good. The chicken was great, which is why I gave the place 3 stars but the service was horrible, the woman behind the counter was rude, and the macaroni salad was mayonnaise with a few cold pieces of macaroni, topped with more mayonnaise. Give the place a try, but don't go in with expectations.
1	Absolutely disgusting! The only thing I could appreciate at this restaurant was the sticky rice.I went out of my way to find this restaurant because I was craving hawaiian food and Ono hawaiian BBQ was not getting it. First of all, the store is littered with demanding signs about not using water cups for soda and 25 cent to-go containers. Really? I understand that may be an issue in a college area but its just makes the place look unnecessarily ghetto. Now onto the food.... I ordered the lunch special 4 sides and 3 meats, which seemed generous for the price. I got 2 servings macaroni salad with 2 servings broccoli and then the 3 "meats". The macaroni salad is the worst and saltiest I have ever had. The meat was decent but  after eating the macaroni salad I didn't have an appetite to eat anything else. Overall, this place is very disappointing. I would not recommend wasting your time or money.
1	These grindz were not ono!! Over cooked my chicken katsu really bad. Gave me the smallest amount of sauce ever. And no wonder my chicken was so over cooked it took over 15 minutes to make and it wasn't even busy. So disappointed. They offer four sides besides rice, and long rice is one of them which is awesome.  Too bad they were all cold. They put my sides in the box right in front of me when I ordered and let it sit there while my katsu was being cooked a lot crispier than should be. The chicken was rough, border line jerky status. I figured I'd give the place a chance based on all the good reviews. You people are nuts, of this is the best Hawaiian local food you can find there's a problem. I'm sick of all these fake "Hawaiian" restaurants. They're all just weak Korean bbq's ran by people who don't know anything about adding that aloha to a plate. I don't like giving such bad reviews but I'm sincerely upset about wasting $10 on a very poor plate lunch that had me in there 20 minutes. The cashier didn't have any enthusiasm. The whole vibe was just sad. No aloha! I'll just stick to golden Hawaiian BBQ off southern and dobson. At least when I wait forever there, the food is good. And not overpriced.
2	This place is okay if you're just looking for something to fill your stomach or if you just want Asian food. As a fan of Korean cuisine, the food here is not even close to authentic Korean food (even though the owner is Korean) I ordered a bibimbap and it was served in a plastic bowl with plastic utensils. I could just go to Panda Express (which is nearby) if I want that kind of service.
5	Best restaurant deal I can find in the ASU/borderline Mill Ave. area. For anyone who loves Korean BBQ/mostly any meaty or spicy variation of Asian food, this place is a must-see! Portions are generous and each meat entree comes with four side vegetables. There's kimchi for those authentic foodies and corn and broccoli for the less daring. In terms of the meats, you really can't go wrong with the spicy pork and kal-bi combo. For about $10, you can pick any two meats. They also carry those delicious Hawaiian canned drinks -- green tea and lychee! My friend and I laughed over the Jager shots in Dixie cups, but hey, this place is the best delicious deal.If you are vegetarian or have vegetarian friends, you'll really be missing out, but there's kimchi soup.My friend almost ordered the burger and fries but refrained because he would feel guilty and "too American," but although I haven't tried it yet, I doubt you can really go wrong with any meat choice, even if it is a burger!
5	If you're looking for a great mix of Hawaiian + Korean BBQ selection in the Tempe area, this is it. Trust me, I'm Korean.In fact, this place has been vetted by over 60 MBA students at W.P. Carey School of Business. I know this because we had picked this place for catering one day, and everyone loved it! All sides are vegetarian, so all we had to do was allocate more sides per each BBQ dish, and it worked just fine.Huge portions. I mean HUGE! The lunch special might seem pricey by a couple of bucks, but it's essentially a two-meal deal, so don't you fret. Enjoy!
4	Great place near campus that has quick service, Korean/Hawaiian food.  Ten bucks will get you your choice of two entrees (BBQ pork, BBQ chicken, spicy pork, kalbi, katsu, mandoo...you name it) plus 4 sides (made fresh each day). Sometimes in the summer they will leave to visit family in Korea - so check before you go!
1	The owners are so cheap, they will charge you 50 cents for using international credit card or 25 cents for take-out box. The restaurant is tiny: eight seating tables and bar area. There is some hot and cold bar that is stuffed with garbage; it looks like it used to be salsa bar of some sort. The interior is very poor and gives you the feel it hasn't been redecorated in thirty years.Kalbi was okay, since I like Kalbi, but the amount of meat - five or six tiny pieces! -wasn't worth 10 dollars. As another reviewer mentioned, it is much better to cook your own. It was nice that they give 4 side dishes, but I personally don't like cold side dishes and the flavor of them weren't that great.Probably, it was accidental, but little fly came to our table and got stuck in my japchae - not to increase my appetite. The staff wasn't very friendly. All in all, definitely, not a paradise.
3	Decent food not amazing, liked the atmosphere however they charge extra for everything. Only one free refill per visit, and extra for the containers to go.
3	I was craving for Hawaiian BBQ and came here. I've had their food at the Aloha festival before, but I wanted to see how it was at the location. My husband and I ordered the spam musabi and 2 plates of the kalbi (beef spare ribs) and teriyaki chicken plate. Each plate came with 4 sides. The spam musabi was REALLY good. I highly recommend it to start off with.The kalbi was moist and cooked to perfection, but I'd skip the teriyaki chicken. I personally didn't really care for it. As for the 4 sides, I wish they would have warmed up the steamed veggies. It was cold and just didn't taste right. The macaroni salad was on point though I do suggest getting that as one of the sides.We also ordered a drink and it was a disappointment that you can only refill your cup ONCE! Not worth it if you're paying $1.85 for the cup. I'd stick to the FREE cup of water with unlimited refills. I'm really big on customer service and they are NOT friendly at all. They just take your order and that's it, no thank you or anything.
5	Probably my favorite Hawaiian restaurant in Arizona, i only say probably because the folks at Leo's are the nicest of the nice, the food here though...It is amazing, you may be struck buy the seemingly endless combinations of 1, 2, or 3 item dishes pictured on the wall.. but fear not, all taste great.  Just decide, do i like beef, chicken, or fish and then choose (it will save you a ton of time) .. and then you get to the sides, that's up to you.I personally ALWAYS get the island fried chicken, I'm not even sure if that is what they officially call it here, but they know.  It is chunks of perfectly fried and seasoned chicken that just explodes with flavor once you bite into it. MAKE SURE YOU FIND THE WANDERING BOTTLES OF THE CHILI SAUCE (gochujang)
5	Having traveled the Hawaiian islands, and having family from and in Hawaii, I can with confidence share that this is the real deal. The best mac salad that I have ever eaten. The Meat Jun was outstanding.  The moco loco and spam musubi are off the hook.  And the owners were sooooo friendly. 5+ stars!!!!
5	Like all other people from hawaii, they really do come close to a yummys from back home.  The owners are easy to talk and really helpful on giving insight on something's being we just moved here.  It was also pretty cool we lived in the same area back home and here as well!I love Korean food and the sides they come with.  I got the kalbi and meat jun mixed plate which was awesome.  I was kinda scared having read some reviews but when my food came I was ready to eat.  Kalbi was cooked well, big pieces and very juicy.  On top of that they had my favorite hawaiian sun juice  Ordered take out for home, haha.  But well be back!
5	This is the best authentic Hawaiian BBQ in AZ.  Being from Hawaii it's as close to the local Korean BBQ spots in Hawaii.  They need to have cucumber Kimchi on a much more regular basis though!  I tell the owners that all the time :).  Paradise never disappoints and just wish they had a spot in Chandler.  I believe it's the only place in AZ that serves Meat Jun which is a staple of Hawaiian Korean BBQ.
4	I'm always a fan of bbq. So one time i went to chodang but unfortunately they were closed so i thought I wasn't lucky to get a bbq that day. then I browsed bbq on yelp and the name paradise Hawaiian bbq pops out. I went there and I was surprised that it's cheaper than chodang yet I can have any bbq that I want even the kimchi. they have 4 side dishes, a rice and a bbq your choice for only $ 9-10.00:) now I always go back there.
4	I really like this place. The place doesn't look all that appealing but the food is great. My daughters and I usually get teriyaki chicken, corn and macaroni salad and it is pretty spot on to Hawaiian dishes. I wish they had Kailua pork more often but it's no big deal. Stop in if you want something tasty and cheap.
5	I love this place.  Granted I've only tried two things on their menu, but these two items are so good, I can't bring myself to order anything else.  The Lunch Special is a great deal if you're stopping by for lunch and the Paradise Special is basically the same thing but with an extra serving of meat (I forget which one) and is available all day.  Now for a quick rundown of the pros and cons of this place:Pros: Tastes amazing - I've heard tons of people comment that it's pretty authentic Hawaiian food.  Lots of food - 3 servings of meat for the Lunch Special, 4 servings for the Paradise Special, 2 scoops of rice, and your choice of 4 sides (I always get the macaroni salad, bean sprouts, kimchi, and noodles).  And did I mention, the food tastes amazing?(Minor, minor) Cons: Closed on Sundays, when I crave it the most.  25 cents for a take-out box and though I don't drink that much soda, it only has one free refill for drinks.Oh and their spam musubi, wonderful if you love spam and still somehow have room for more food after the sheer amount of food they give you.
1	Refused me a drink because I did not have a Arizona ID. Makes no sense I'm here vacationing why would I have a Arizona ID? Told me I can only use my passport if I want a drink. I don't carry my passport to go get food - super horrible customer service.
5	I ordered the Meat Jun and Chicken Katsu combo. It came with 4 sides, and I had three servings of their delicious mac salad and  the noodles. The chicken katsu was very crispy and well done, just the way I like it. It's also the first katsu place I've been to that didn't have the issue of the chicken getting soggy or soft after I closed the box and put it in the fridge for a few hours to eat later. You get a good amount of food for the price you pay.I'll definitely be back!
3	Get ready to be nickled and dimed! They charge for almost anything that isn't hammered down into the store from refills, credit cards, and to go boxes. That said they do deliver a quality product with big portions and is one of the better Hawaiian-Korean places around. Items like the Kalbi, Daeji Bulgogi, and Mandu were standouts in my opinion compared to the more typical teriyaki and katsu offerings.I haven't had a bad meal here yet but the brusque service and $9-$13 average meal price here leave this place as a solid 3.5 stars for me. (Try to avoid the lunchtime rush and you should be fine service-wise)
5	Amazing and fresh food at a fair price. I eat here multiple times per week. Family run and excellent all around!!
4	Meat jun was good, macaroni salad was nice and creamy, kimchee was on point I love garlic so it was definitely awesome. The garlic chicken was definitely my favorite. The chicken katsu was a bit underwhelming. All in all its definitely better than Ono Hawaiian BBQ.
5	In town for training and saw this place on Yelp. I absolutely love Hawaiian food and Korean BBQ...what a great combo. Location is right in the heart of ASU. The trick is to go a little later...you don't have to feed the parking meters after 6 p.m., and traffic (vehicles and foot) was definitely lighter. Staff was friendly. I ordered the kal bi and spicy chicken, mac salad, and corn. It was so good, I just about finished the whole thing! Kal bi was yummy. Spicy chicken had a nice kick. Mac salad and corn added a nice touch. I washed it all down with a Lilikoi Passion Hawaiian Sun. Great authentic Hawaiian and Korean food. I will definitely be back when I'm in town...and next time I'll try the Meat Jun!
4	My favorite place nearby campus. It's hardly to find out  any Asian restaurant better than this one near ASU. I would recommend their teriyaki chicken and kabi. Anyways, It's amazing!!
3	3 stars because the food is pretty delicious. Cons: I felt like the lady in the front was really rude. She was not friendly at all. Another con was that it is pretty pricey and that they charge for to go boxes.
5	This is my go-to spot for when I want Hawaiian food. Trust me I've tried it all and even mama's in Tucson. Hands down best tasting Hawaiian food in AZ. And people complain about the price, well all the Hawaiian food places range from $8-12 a plate anyway. It's the stupid cheapos who give this place a bad rating. Why don't you just go to the dollar menu at a fast food. Don't be a yelp reviewer in these kinds of places if you're broke or not willing to spend an extra few bucks. Anyway, I've tried everything. Meat Jun is my favorite and for the sides it's the noodles and Mac salad that is a must try. Their Hawaiian drinks are pretty damn good too. The lady at the front was nice. Spoke up a conversation with me while waiting for my food a few times. Just gotta be friendly and spark up a conversation. Overall I've always had a good experience eating here.
4	The $7.99 lunch special is actually quite a deal coming with teriyaki beef, chicken, meat pancake and 4 sides. Could easily be a meal for 2. And they don't actually charge on a lot of the stuff that they say they do if you ask nicely. Like to go boxes!So I'm bumping them up a star for their value and spam musubi's. (Just know that the service can differ from great to scary depending on who's at the cashier lol)
2	Not really that great. Food didn't taste all that fresh, tasted like it had sat in a fridge for awhile. Prices are higher than indicated here on Yelp. Most everything on the menu is about $9-$10 with a few exceptions but it's just really bland. I LOVE Hawaiian food and this place isn't really true Hawaiian either, it's like, some Hawaiian, some Korean and some other strange stuff. I guess if their prices were $5 for everything and I lived real close or went to ASU I'd probably stop by every now and then, otherwise it's just not worth it.
5	I had the chicken teriyaki and mandoo. It was incredible. Very good kimchi and jap chae style side dish. The chicken was cooked perfectly. The dumplings were petite and crispy but it was the most perfect plate of food. Great portions and fair prices.
