2	I bought my dining room table about a year and a half ago from here and it's starting to fall apart.  They nickled and dimed me for delivery and set up took almost an hour for a four person table.  By-the-way, the chairs came assembled so an hour to put on a table top is insane.  The chair pads have come off more times than I can count and the screws won't stay in anymore.  I don't even use the table that often.  Skip this place and shop at RC Willey,  hell even Pier 1 Imports has nicer stuff than Walker.
4	Huge store. I came here with my family when we first moved here. Impressed me back then and still does today- the prices are pretty good and there are a wide variety of selection and styles. Large bright courtyard cafe type in the middle. Nice staff- Diane came right up to us when we entered. We were in the market for a coffee table- the prices are pretty good- for regular price. There was a nice one for about $269 that fit our style an taste (classic lines, textured top, rectangular, dark wood).I would recommend if you're looking for furniture to come here. It doesn't hurt to look and compare.
2	At least when you go to the shark reef at the mandalay bay... the sharks can't get you.This place is like the used car dealership of furniture stores.
4	What a huge selection of furniture! Every kind of color and fabric, texture and design. Prices were not too extravagant, I guess they had things marked down for the coming Veteran's Day. So I found prices fairly good. However, I came in just to check prices of twin mattress sets, Serta at Sam's was fairly reasonable, but I thought maybe there might be something less in the Walker outlet area. Not too impressed with the selection, I was looking for a twin and well, didn't find much. I know they have deals, but I am not currently looking for the dinning room set of my dreams yet, so when that time comes, I know I'll be back here, just hope it's near a holiday so prices stay low.
3	We  were looking for an affordable ( cheap) mattress  for the guess room. Did not find one , but sure left impressed with the quality of some of the furniture . This place is huge  , we will  b back  .
1	IN SHORT: the extreme salespeople and so-so furniture inspired me to rate Walker Furniture a 1 star - defined by Yelp as "Eek! Methinks not." If 'walkers' and rudeness don't phase you, then they're worth checking out for comparison purposes. Read on for details.First, if you haven't been to Walker Furniture, it's my opinion that you 'walk' on by and keep on walking. Upon my arrival on Sunday morning, I was hopeful because of the wide selection: there is a main store, a discount store, and a tent store all next door to each other. I began in the discount store and was immediately hounded by a sales associate. I know they work on commission and that this is somewhat common practice in most furniture stores, but Walker Furniture took it to an obnoxious level; I felt as though Walker had assigned me my very own personal walk-behinder! He was only ever a couple feet away, hovering and sales pitching continually, while making sure I knew I wouldn't find deals like these anywhere else. Uncomfortable to say the least. So after making my way through the discount store and quickly through the tent, I made a hasty exit and crossed over to the main store. Bombarded once again by a new companion, he reluctantly told me where the office chairs were and after following me around for a few minutes brusquely asked if I was going to be buying something today, to which I replied "Umm, probably not because I just started looking..." and before my sentence was completely finished, he huffed, turned around, and stomped off! Well, I guess that's one way to get rid of a Walker! I then proceeded to sneak around and check out the bedroom sets and sectionals. ;-) At any rate, I did shop at the other notable furniture stores of the area and can attest that Walker's prices are actually competitive (not as low and as good of a bargain as some have stated), and the quality of the furniture is so-so... some very obviously cheap pieces mixed in with a few reasonable options.
1	It takes a lot for me to slam a company online.  In this case Walker furniture owes me an hour and a half of my life.  I saw an ad on their homepage and decided to head down and treat myself to a Tempurpedic Rhapsody bed with the top line adjustable base.  I told the rep what I was interested in purchasing and he took me to the bed.  I mentioned I would need a new frame as well since I was upgrading from a queen to a king.  When I asked the bottom line price it was many thousands more than the advertised special.  When I brought this up he said that the sale excluded Tempupedic mattresses.  In response I showed him the ad.  He went to find a manager.  He returned five minutes later to inform me that the manager was in a meeting and I could wait if I wanted.  Instead I left my telephone number and asked him to call me.  I never received a call from the manager.  I am asking my friends to support businesses with integrity.  This was a case where a company blatantly advertised false prices (see the ad clipped from their homepage).  It is our responsibility as a community to hold these businesses accountable and demand honesty through our purchases.  I have "liked" Walker Furniture so I could tag them in this photo.  Do not be mistaken... I do not like Walker Furniture.  Please keep this experience in mind when the need arises to purchase furniture in the future... PS.  Mattress Firm took great care of me... I get my bed Wednesday!
1	Well Hubby and I went there after recieving a flyer in the mail for 50%, we purchase a coffee table, end table and a full dinette set. we had them delivered on 6/2/11 and that is when our "FUN" began, first the drivers were nasty, second the tables were damaged... there was a large chunk of wood missing from the leg of the coffee table which the driver tried to cover with a marker!! I told them hell no and I called the store right away I was told they would come out on that saturday to do a full exchange, they arrived and exchanged out the furniture.. and all of it was damaged again!! I tried to call the store but no one was there till monday. on monday spoke with Natasha in "customer service" ( and I used that term lighty with them because they wouldnt know customer service if it slid up their leg and bit them on the ass) I told her I was done I had had enough and that for what I paid for new furniture they were sending me garbage I could get at a yard sale! I told her I didnt want the items and they needed to come remove them from my home, she said they would be out on that thursday to pick them up. well my poor husband waited around all day and they never showed, when he called he was told they dont deliver on thursdays... I had to call and speak to a manager ( which was like pulling teeth to get ahold of one) we finally agreed to have them come on friday the next day to pick up all the furniture and they finally did show up with their shitty attitudes and all. honestly do yourself a favor go else where when your looking for furniture cause they have nothing but broken garbage they will try to push off on you.
3	Skip the big store on the south side of the parking lot and go over to the discount store section on the north side - there's a TON of good stuff in there. I got almost my entire apartment in there outside of my bed.You do get inundated by salespeople, but if you latch onto the one that bugs you the least, they'll help you get what you need. The woman who helped us actually refused to sell me a regularly $1700 mattress without a warranty for an equally great, less expensive, brand new mattress that was LESS than the other one. That meant a lot to me. I wanted the one without the warranty because it was a Serta Perfect Day... but I got a Bellagio at Home instead and think I made the smart choice.There's ANOTHER tent/warehouse thing even north of that, but here's where the crap furniture is. A lot of stuff is dinged up and looks like it has seen better days, and hasn't really been discounted as much as you'd think. Maybe if you skip the second warehouse it looks like a deal, but I'd rather get an in-stock item that looks new than a beat-up floor item. That said, a word to the wise  - ask the salesperson if you can pay to have it delivered by their contract company rather than their movers. Others on here have had a really bad experience with their movers, which I can't speak to, because I had their contract movers bring and assemble my stuff. They were GREAT. They didn't give me a five-hour window, they called me before they came over to move-in and they put everything together carefully. None of my furniture got dinged up, they pre-assembled things that they could move easily (like my end tables and kitchen chairs) to save time. They were AWESOME so ask for them. Walker's going to charge you $99 to deliver anyway, so call these guys and pay $50 more to have your furniture treated well for sure.
4	Looking for a bargain, came in to check out their clearance tent.  Want a mattress for our spare room, with frequent visits from family, it would be nice to finally get them off the air mattress.  But prices are outrageous and we left without finding one.  Like the show room and they didn't seem to be very aggressive salesman, so we'll be back.
1	I have been to this store twice in the past few weeks looking. The sales staff is older than dirt and pushy. Even when you say you are just looking they follow you like a shark. I felt like I was in a bad horror movie being followed. The first sales lady was unfriendly. I would not recommend this place unless it is a good sale
5	My husband and I stopped by Sat. to look at furniture we will be needing in the future for our home we are buliding. Two hours later we walked out of Walker's with everything we needed for our new home and the reason why..our salesperson Karl Hammargren! Karl was the best!!!  He talked with us to see what we were looking for, ask us about our taste in furniture, colors we were using in the home and budget. Then walked us around to show us what they had and what he thought we would like..if it wasn't for Karl I don't think we would have purchase as much as we did and in a fast timely manner. He didn't try to upsale us!  He just gave us his honest opinion on certain items and let us decide what was best for us.  He is a great decorating with great taste which was very helpful and Walker is holding everything for us until our house done!  I will go back to shop for small items we need and again will have Karl help us! So if you go to shop at Walker's ask for Karl!
5	Great selection, employees were very nice and checked up on me every 20mins or so.
2	We bought couches from Walker, and were very happy with the process from start to finish, so it seemed like a natural choice to return to them when we wanted to buy a new bed.  We found a set we were really happy with.  We paid last weekend, and they agreed to deliver today.Waited around this morning so Walker Furniture could deliver my new bed, only they delivered the wrong size, and to top things off our bed is backordered until the end of April now.  This is after we sat around the showroom for 40 minutes so they could make sure everything in the paperwork was correct (Ha!).  The best they could do is give me a "temporary bed" until ours comes in (although not the style we selected), which sounds like way more hassle than it's worth.  I would have really recommended Walker to my friends up to this point, but I think I'll be looking for a new furniture store for my next purchase, since basically I'm waiting a month for a bed I was told was in stock.  Sure, they said "sorry", but I'd rather just find a place that can manage their inventory properly instead.
1	We went in here looking to buy a couch today. We were attacked at the door by i think his name is lou"lou" we kind of brushed him off until we had some questions. He had been lurking around watching what we were doing. The bf had some questions so he called this guy over the bf started his questions and this guy got a phone call well he took it and completely ignored us we complained to HR and left. Very rude and unprofessional. Will never return.zero stars if we could.
1	Anyone that has ever been to RC Willey will never go to Walker Furniture. Their stuff is average at best, and even with their 50% off sale, they still did not have anything that came close to the quality and price of the Dining Room table we got at RC. And the salespeople stalk you like a shady used car lot. For that reason alone, we will never be back.
2	This is an update on Walker Furniture..I love everything we purchased and they delivered it all on the day we asked...BUT I have had the worse time with their Customer Service!  We have a problem with the legs for one for one of the chairs, the first deliver they bought the wrong legs so they came back a few days later with the new ones but the chair is now lopsided and you can't sit in it. The delivery person said I would have to call customer service on Tuesday and they would work it out. SO on Tuesday I called and called and called..finally I got a real person and they said they don't have these legs in stock they would see if they could find some and they would have our salesperson (Karl) call us. So I waited no calls, then one day I got a invoice in the mail with the chair highlighted and a message that said "Call me at XXX-XXXX or XXX-XXXX to schedule a service call for your chair"  NO NAME just "Call me" so for a week I called both numbers several times and left messages..no one every called me back..finally I called the Walker Furniture number and again had to leave a message. This time someone need call me back but said she couldn't help me because she didn't know anything about the legs but when email this person to contact. Finally this week I get a call (when I was out) so she leaves a message for me to all her..Again I call the number she leaves and I get a answering machine, I try several times always getting the machine..so again I leave a message to all me! AND AGAIN NO CALL BACK!!!!  Are you guys really that busy that you can't pick up the phone or call people back! I am also waiting for the last chair to a dining room set..that seems to be on back-order for ever!!!  Right now we have a dining room set for 6 and sitting for 5 :)Customer Service gets 2 stars!!!!  but the furniture itself still gets a 5 :)
2	I was super excited to check out their HUGE store. Once we started looking around, there were two distinct things I noted. 1. The quality of furniture is NOT very good when considering the pricing. 2. The sales people seemed fairly pleasant when approaching us, but I overheard several conversations between them and they were incredibly unprofessional and down right rude to each other. Geesh, competition!!!  Other than that, I have no desire to go back. I'll stick with R.C. Willey.
1	Do not buy from Walker Furniture.  The quality of furniture is horrendous.  Customer service is even worse.  I bought a king bedroom set from them 6 months ago and the bed frame broke twice within the first 2 months.  The first technician that came to fix it admitted that the beds are of poor quality.  After it broke the second time, they sent another technician three weeks after the problem was reported to tell me the part has to be ordered and it will take up to 8 weeks to be delivered.  To this day it remains unusable, in pieces, and gathering dust.  I never heard from them regarding the status of the part on order.  I had to call repeatedly to get updates.  Hold time exceeded 10 minutes each call.  Many times there was no answer at all.    A week ago, I discovered that the mattress they sold us is infested with bugs and has been for months.  It took a me that long to realize the problem because the infestation was under the mattress and undetectable.  I've had bites all over me for 3 months.  I saw two different dermatologists, was tested for allergies, put on oral steroids, and prescribed a number of creams to no avail.  I ruled out bed bugs because my fiance was not infected.  We left town for a few days, realized I was not getting new bites, and returned to inspect the condo.  That's when we found the infestation.  Upon reporting the problem, I was informed that mattresses have a 3 day return policy.  The item will not be replaced nor will I be refunded.  The email from the head of Customer Service said that I cannot prove the the mattress was contaminated before delivery and that the technicians did not notice any problems.  Unbelievable!  We moved into a clean unfurnished condo.  The furniture was delivered when we moved in.  The condo was professionally cleaned and fumigated.  All the furniture is from Walker.  The only contamination is in the area between the mattress and box spring.  The last technician sent out was empty handed and did not even touch the mattress.  I especially love the argument that  I admitted that the box spring and mattress have been on the carpet for some time.  Is Walker Furniture really that stupid not understand that they were on the carpet only because the bed frame is broken and has been since we bought it?  I received no apologies, not for the bed frame, and definitely not for the mattress.  Instead, I was told that I will have to dispose of everything myself and will have to provide proof of fumigation before they deliver anything to me should I purchase anything else from them.  Like that's going to happen.Oh, and I had to click a star to post.  Otherwise, I would give them none at all.
1	Very bad customer service. I ordered two sets of kid's bedroom furniture and paid cash for them.  The first set was delivered on time, came new out of boxes from the truck delivery and was set up ok.  The other set was on back-order so we had to wait 2 weeks for it and the rep assured it will be there Sept 5th.On Sept 3rd, I called to ask if the bedroom set came in and the person I spoke to at the Customer Service desk said it was all in, so I asked if they could be delivered on the 5th.  We got it on schedule alright.On Sept 5, it arrived, wood pieces wrapped in plastics,  screws inside ziploc bags and you should have seen the ladder, the steps were blackish and looked like they've been stepped on for a year. There were nail/ screw marks from previous assembly.  It was very different experience from the first delivery where everything came off boxes.  My husband downplayed it at that moment because our son where eagerly waiting for it for the longest time and did not want him to get disappointed if he was to send it back.I called Sept 7 (Friday) to speak to a rep and told him everything, asked me if I wanted to speak to a manager which I said yes, I waited for her but unfortunately she was with another customer. I was told I have an option to return the whole set, or exchange, or be given a store credit and I graciously said I have to think about it and confer with my husband.  The rep said he would give me a call on Monday (Sept 10) and really, no one even bothered to do that.For a customer who paid cash and have to wait for 2 weeks, I never expected to get a used furniture or display, a coutesy call would have been gladly appreciated. I am deeply disappointed and regret coming to this store.
5	I want Ikea and all of the cool independent stores in LA that outfitted my moms gorgeous house, but we don't have that here. I came here for selection and the price to quality ratio seems about right. I need it to last a few good years and stand up to my dogs and cat, but I'm not looking for a heirloom piece (art and money are better heirloom anyways) and don't expect it for a under 3k leather couch budget.Since we had only looked at a few stores, we wanted to hit the list and see what else is out there with this eggshell white leather sectional we found here as a contender. We weren't pushed to commit right there and were wished well that we end up with something we love, whatever we choose. After browsing a few stores without anything promising and running into some uber aggressive sales, we decided this was the one for us. We ended up getting a awesome deal on the couch,much lower than I thought we would spend. The customer service was shockingly pleasant. Everyone that we dealt with was friendly and not pushy at all. We've been to Walker previously and I thought the same thing the last two times we were here. I knew we need a nice TV armoire but I was not seeing what I like here nor a large enough ottoman.  Krystalin who was helping us even discussed how to decorate the room and where to find certain things we were looking for. We appreciated this as we have to love the room and she seemed more determined to help us make it happen than to upsell everything to make us think it is what we want.We also went across to the "Rooms by Walker" which has some of their sample, discontinued and items for sale. We were able to find a chocolate leather ottoman with white stitching to go with the couch. I thought $99 was a good deal for a large ottoman. It was a discontinued "as is" piece so we had to figure out how to ghetto rig it into our hatchback since it couldn't be delivered with the couch which was coming from the warehouse. It might be a issue for some people who need everything delivered, so keep that in mind when buying from the discount area. We got next day delivery for our couch! We aren't morning people so we asked if we can be later in the day and that was honored. They were fast about arranging it but careful about not scratching up the chairs before we even had a chance to sit in them. Big box name, but I don't think that's a bad thing. There's something for everyone and at various pricepoints. It'll probably be one of my first stops when we need something and definitely going to be asking for the same sales person each time if we can! Furniture shopping is painful enough!
2	Walked in the main building and was immediately attacked by a sales person who stalked us through the store which is ok cause i understand the commission based, sales quota environment .. "Make X Amount of sales or X Dollar amount or get fired" But what threw me off were the prices! Now I'm not a cheap skate and me and the wife make pretty decent money but really? $2500 to $3500 for a nice Large Sized Microfiber Sectional? So we decided to hit the "Outlet Center" Old Discontinued models being sold at near full retail price LOL Hardly an outlet.. And the "Tent"? Just don't go in there. I think that's the section of the property right before the trash dumpster. Returns, Defectives and rentals.
5	OK...After our fiasco at Ashley,  we checked out Walker. We had also been to La-Z-Boy. And of course R C Willey will never get another penny of ours. Anyway, back to Walker. We had no problems with their sales reps. Ours was Ann Marie. We told her that we wanted to look around and not be hounded. She told us that she would be available if we had questions. We looked around without being followed, found our interests, and found Ann Marie for our questions. We went home to do our research on the quality of the furniture that we liked and went back the next day to buy our furniture. The process the next day took about 15 minutes. Our furniture was delivered on time and in tact. Now we're  enjoying our beautiful and comfortable furniture. Walker...I'm a fan!
1	Before purchasing at Walker, make sure you read the fine print on the back of your receipt.  'Three day' return policy?  Seriously?  The customer service is no good and I understand why they are only rated 2.5 stars on Yelp.  I purchased a rug, returned it because it didn't fit and upgraded to one 2x the original price.  They had no problem returning the rug for me because I was upgrading. However, the rug was supposed to be arriving the first week of March.  I was told last week that it now wouldn't be in till mid-April. I told my salesperson to just credit my account back because I didn't want to wait 2 months for a rug. I was told that because it was an accessory, I couldn't get my money back, only in-store credit.  With so many options out there, I will not spend another dollar at Walker Furniture.
1	OK...So I originally gave this place 5 stars which says there is no place to go, but Walker furniture. I still think the experience of buying furniture was great there. For the most part, I love my furniture. I did research the quality of the sofa and loveseat that we bought and I still believe that was the right purchase for us. On the other hand...the recliner chair that we bought has been a problem. I didn't sit in it until after it was a month old...crazy me... When I did sit in it and reclined, the frame broke. OMG! First time sitting in it (a pricey chair) and it broke. I called Walker and they scheduled someone to come out more than one week later. I got over that. I had to stay home from work for someone to come over. What I can't get over is that they sent a person out to "check out the situation" He came in, looked at the chair, said, yes you have a broken frame and I'll have to call it in. They will schedule someone to come out and pick up the chair to take it back in for repair. So you ask...What am I upset about? So, so many things...#1 The person that comes to "check out the situation" should be prepared to take the furniture with them at that time. #2. I don't want a repaired chair which the frame was broken. #3. Now I"m going to have to take off work for someone to pick up the chair and take off work for them to return it. As I'm thinking about it and getting angry all over again, I'm going to be forced to give them 1 star instead of the three that I was going to give. (keep in mind that I originally gave them 5 stars)...They don't give you an option to say morning, afternoon or evening. They just give you a 2 hour window of when they will be there. I'm sure most of the people that shop there are working class citizens. Do they think people can take a total of four days off of work (original delivery + 3 days for repair) for something that was not the customer's fault. Well, I take that back...It was my fault. If I hadn't sat in the darn chair, it would not have broken...So, to make a long story short...Walker furniture will not be getting my NEW business EVER again. Actually, they owe me my vacation days that I have to use for buying a piece of "suspect" furniture.
1	This store is ok but the staff don't have a clue about customer service they make you feel like you cant look without them hovering around you. I decided never to return. I checked in a few times because I was trying to give them a chance to get their self together and I needed a full house full of items. But they never learned that I wanted space to look even after I gave a huge clue like ...May I just look around ALONE? These people just love to over crowd me or us. They ask you what u looking for but should u say a bed they march you upstairs and just act like a personal body guard and should you talk to your mate or friend they all in your cool aid just adding they opinion when no one is talking to them. I rolled my eyes so much to tell you the truth it hurt to bite my tongue. I'm very out spoken and I was trying to be nice. I wish I could have yelled get away from me. I don't need a baby sitter and I can shop on my own.
1	Bought a couch from here and it broke about 2 months later. We have the extended warranty but it was declined because there is apparently a rule that states you have to tell them within a week. Lesson learned, cheap furniture, poor quality, won't be buying here again.
3	This place is the same as any other furniture store in the US. They have nicely set up showrooms with tons of pushy sales people that follow you around. I felt like I had to keep turning around to see if anyone was following me while I tried to check out their stuff. Eventually I just left. I would only come here if you're actually serious about buying furniture and not just "browsing" or comparing prices. Their furniture looked decent though, similar to Ashley and other big furniture stores in the valley.
4	I always come over and grab furniture from this place!  I'd rather go spend $300 on a coffee table here than spend the same amount on some junk at Walmart.  And since everything is extremely discounted, you get super high quality items.  I haven't had an issue with the random pieces of furniture I've bought and the sales staff are always very helpful in trying to find something that works for me.
5	So for some crazy reason we decided we needed a bigger house & with a new house comes new furniture. I went to Walker Furniture to pick out a new bedroom set. I was greeted when I walked into the showroom and was told to look around and ask for assistance when I was ready. A few moments later, I was approached by Kumar. Kumar helped me find a nice bed and even gave me an additional discount. It was a pleasant experience until I lost my kids in the showroom, but Kumar guaranteed that my boys were waiting for me in the massage chairs and he was right. Thanks Walker Furniture!
1	I purchased a sofa, end up very low quality. Called the customer service , need to change or return but service was suck. Staff has no clue at all. Called again, just listening top their tune for 12 min and cut off.
1	I'm actually happy with the sectional sofa I bought and the price I paid for it.  I was pleased with my in-store experience as well.  My experience with delivery far outweighs any of that however.The store has a good amount of inventory and has items for most budgets.  Maybe not super top-end stuff, but plenty of low and mid-range furniture.  I wasn't hassled.  An employee asked me what I was looking for; he showed me some options and then he gave me space.I wasn't sure if the couch would fit in my space and I was advised to go ahead and purchase the extra piece and simply decline receiving it during delivery if I no longer wanted it.  Sounded simple....I picked a Saturday for delivery.  As always, these sort of things have a 4 hour delivery window.  But they wouldn't tell me what my 4 hour window was until Saturday morning.  As they were setting it up, they realized that one of the pieces I ordered was missing. I signed for the pieces I received and signed declining the extra piece I decided I didn't want.They scheduled to re-deliver the final piece on the following Monday.  They brought the piece, and also tried to deliver some of the pieces I already had.  The employee was very forceful when trying to connect the delivered piece to the rest of the set.  I'm surprised it didn't break.  Once they left I noticed after all their forceful slamming, it wasn't even connected fully.  I connected it myself with ease.I waited a week for my money to be credited back for the piece I didn't receive.  It didn't come.  I called the store and they said they would "start processing now" and that it could take up to 10 business days.  Sounded like bull when they said it, but the person reiterated that it was true.  It's been 10 business days and I still have not been refunded.  I'm now going through my credit card company in order to get my refund that way.
1	the customer service stinks..I bought a new couch and after a few months the back had wood coming through the leather and the stiching on one of the cushions came apart..I called them and they sent a repairman out .after inspecting it he told me it could not be repaired and he would request a new one for me.A week later they called and said they would not replace it buy order new parts to repair it.Today i got a call from them and was told to bring the couch in for repairs...With no way to bring a full size couch all the way to there warehouse they told me there will be a charge for them to pick it up and bring it back...The b.s. with these people never ends!!!!!
1	Spent over 4 hours on labor day at Walker and needless to say customer service was terrible, communication in this place is not much to be desired....I was thoroughly upset by the time we left.  To top it all off, they delivered our bed and failed to put the box springs with it, REALLY.....they tell me to call my sales man and deal with him about it...well after yesterdays experience I was not looking forward to that at all.  Once he received our deposit he split and according to the gals up front he was supposed to stay with us till we were finished, well of course the invoice was wrong so I had to walk bath and forth up and down the stairs dealing with it rather than him coming to me.  All the while, we had to then wait for his next Victim to finish with him before he could fix his errors for us....Never again!!!!    And the way employees talk about each other is just complete unprofessionalism.  I am not a fan of RC Willey either but Walker, you make them look like STARS.....I will never buy another item from Walker furniture.
1	I do not get upset with places often, but Walker Furniture gave me the worst customer experience I've had thus far. When my boyfriend and I moved into our new apartment in September, I went shopping around for new furniture. As soon as I walked into the place, this creepy salesman asked me if I needed help. I simply told him "no, thank you" because I was going directly to the customer service desk to apply for credit. When I got in line at the customer service desk, I turned around and saw the same creepy salesman a few feet away staring at me like a shark, as many other reviewers have stated. As I was in line, he came up to me and AGAIN asked me if I needed help. This time I wasn't as polite and I think he got the picture because I didn't see him again. I was literally creeped out and felt like I was being stalked. The "line" at the customer service desk wasn't much of a line at all, I just stood there waiting for one of the girls behind the desk to call me over. Though there were about 5 or 6 girls there and only one of them was helping a customer, they all ignored and didn't acknowledge my presence. I finally just walked up to one of them who didn't look busy and asked if she could help me apply for credit. She then rudely handed me a paper application and directed me to the desk top to fill it out; as if I was dumb and I should already know this. Finally I found some furniture I wanted to purchase. I found a nice salesman who wasn't overly pushy and told him what I would like to purchase. With the model numbers ready, he and I walked to the customer service desk. Again we stood there waiting. None of the girls acknowledged that either of us were standing there, so finally he just walked up to one as well. A few days later, I called the store customer service to inquire about how to make my payments (because I financed). The girl was extremely rude and asked me "payments for what?" I was extremely confused by her response and asked her how to pay for my financed furniture...she then asked me who it was financed through...again nobody explained the process to me so I was confused and told her I financed it there at walker...she then responded "well yes but we have 3 finance companies..." I told her I apologized but when I applied and purchased nobody told me this information. She then stated, "well you signed the paperwork, didn't you read it?" At this point I was livid. So I asked to speak to her manager. She replied with a smirk I could hear over the phone, and "the manager isn't here right now." I asked her what her name was, and she replied "umm no." Seriously? No? I flew into the store as soon as I got off work that day with what felt like my blood pressure through the roof and immediately asked to speak to a manager. About 20 minutes later, I was met by a sales manager there. He was very nice and all, but he just kept trying to offer me something and I told him over and over I didn't want any freebies or refunds or any of that. I just simply wanted this girl's horrible customer service and unacceptable behavior not to go unnoticed. It seems like the managers only know how to try to compensate upset customers, but have no sense of customer service when it comes to dealing with complaints. I'm not sure if anything ever happened to that employee, but I hope my complaint was heard and she got terminated, because if she treated me like that over the phone about a simple question, I can't imagine how many people she could piss off during possibly 8 hours a day!!!!! Will not go back.
1	I really don't think they deserve 1 star but had to make a point. Hubby and I were looking to buy a new bedroom set, a woman walked up to us and introduced herself (really wish I could remember her name) says she's going to help us and says she will allow us to walk around and will be waiting near the door...we begin to look and every time I look back she is not far behind...after about 15 min of walking the floor she comes up and asks if we have questions...I didn't yet...so we continue to look...and when I did have questions she treated me as though I didn't know the difference between a box spring and a mattress. ..I let it slide then it went really bad because I asked about their mattress selection...she pointed to a mattress and box spring set n said that one's good from afar as if I could tell which set she was speaking of and sat down on another set...we began to walk over to the set she pointed out and turned to ask if this is the one she was speaking of and she ignored me and yelled over to another rep and began a conversation with him...I was done...we made a bee line to the exit door!  She's probably still trying to figure out where we went. Very rude and judgemental I guess because i wasn't wearing my business suit and I am a darker shade of brown, she assumed I wasn't worth her time. Oh well, your loss walker!
1	Nice furniture HORRIBLE customer service. I purchased some high end furniture and spend about 8K. One of the sofas was missing 2 legs and was damaged upon delivery (not the delivery people's fault) The corner of one the pieces was also scratched. We immediately contacted the service dept. and got the runaround as if to make us feel that we caused the damage. The sales people are on you like vultures when you walk through the door and quick to tell you what you want to hear. When an issue arises like the one just mentioned, you can't get anyone to help or even return a phone call.
2	My inital enteraction was great! Finding the perfect sectional and getting  financed was so stress free. My problem came when I was waiting to get my call to set up my 90 days same as cash. Apparently they were waiting for me to come sign my delivery paper work that I had signed the day of delivery a week ago!!! They never contacted me to let me know what was delaying the process and never contacted the men who delivered the furniture for the paper work. When I spoke with Derek in finance at walker Furniture he could have cared less. Seriously I just wanted to get things set up so I could get them paid off and go back and purchase more to finish furnishing my new place after moving across the country. Just sad that this simple opportunity that Derek had to reassure me about making the right purchasing decision and for more many more to come was wasted by his careless attitude. Well congrats on the $1300 I spent with your company and who knows how much more that I will now be taking elsewhere.
5	We were being attended by Ms. Anita Pacheco, whose a sales person with Walker furniture for 20 years.  She's great because she made furniture shopping for us such a pleasant event. She did not pressure us and she gave us a very relaxing feeling.  If you ever want to shop there, I highly recommend her as your sales person at walker furnitures.
3	I've added an extra star - their customer service outreach has been terrific.They have lots and lots of stuff, some of it really nice. What they don't have is high quality stuff. Most of the stuff we have seems flimsier at home than it did at the store.Also, their delivery was not very professional. No care was taken with our home or furniture.We would likely buy there again, but only if they had something we couldn't get elsewhere.
1	I bought two items from this walker furniture. I purchased a table and a sectional sofa for my new home.  The table looks good, but the couch is already falling apart after two weeks.  I had a decent first experience with my salesman sammy.  He was helpful and helped me purchase what I needed for my home within my budget.  What is making me write this review is Sammy's horrible customer service.  I went to walker because I needed to get my couch replaced and it was already confirmed by management.  When I went to Sammy he told me to go pick out another couch and come back another day because he did not want to help me because I am not making him more money. This was my only day off in the past three months.   Typical commission sales job not caring at all about the customer.  I'm just dealing with walkers manager to get my money back and pay 300 dollars more at RC willeys just because they treat you so much better and they treat you like a person not a number. They lost all my future business and everyone I know I will strongly recommend paying the extra money to go to ashleys or RC willeys.
5	I bought a sectional last week and I'm extremely happy with my purchase ! Kumar got me the deal I needed
5	Received incredible no pressure guidance from Michael and found the same couch from rc willy for $300 less, no way we will ever shop elsewhere.As a follow up I received a personalized thank you card with kind wishes to each of my children by name. Incredibly classy move.
5	Marshall is the best! Such an honest and helpful salesperson. Ask for him when you want something new for your home. We bought a couch set and coffee table/end table set for a great price, and the process was quick and easy. Additionally, they offered next-day delivery. We will be coming back very soon.
5	So I've been to walker a total of 4 times for one purchase but that was for my own personal reasons. I went the first time to scope the place out with a friend, liked what I saw, decided this would be where I would make my purchase for my first couch. Second time I came in, I came specifically to apply for credit which was a lengthy process but I would rather know how much I'm approved for ahead of time before I find something fall in love and can't have it. Saved myself the disappointment. They told me how much I was approved for what I needed to solidify the deal and I was good to go. I knew the Memorial Day weekend sale would be coming up so I came in prepared. Third time I came I had the mail insert in hand with the sale price for a sectional I liked and picked it out. Raymond helped me out with a couple of options and let me roam around. He wasn't pushy or demanding he was very helpful. I found a $700 chaise I really wanted to add and we made it work, I made my down payment and was out. We were going to move into a house but decided to pass on the roommates and ended up in an apartment. This is how I ended up there a fourth time. I came back to give my delivery address and cancel the chaise I so badly wanted because there was no room for it in the apartment. Raymond came back and helped with the process and I thought he would be a little angry seeing as he was gonna be losing out on some commission but he was so cheerful and helpful. He even congratulated me on our new place and told me to come back when I was ready for the chaise or new furniture. Complete with a reassuring pat on the back. I explained to the finance girl the situation and she moved my payment date back month considering we were starting over. Score! I even got the couch at the sale price even though it was no longer Memorial Day weekend. Double score! I arrived an hour before they closed and once we were done she asked about a delivery date. I wanted it as soon as she could. Just my luck tomorrow was available. It came bright and early delivery was a breeze. The delivery guys seemed cranky but who wouldn't be carrying heavy furniture and assembling it in 100 degree weather. Understandable. All in all it was a great experience. I will definitely be back and recommend them to my friends and family!
1	So I went over memorial day and bought a couch, a dining room set, and a coffee table on sale and spent 5000 dollars.  The day before delivery, they called and said the dining room set was defective and they were canceling the entire shipment and they wanted me to come back and pick something else.  I said I bought it because it was a discounted and would like a refund.  They refused to give me a refund even though they canceled the order on me.  I asked to speak with a manager and they told me he wouldn't be back for a few days but gave me a number which "I could leave a message and he would call me back."  ultimately I had to have my credit card company cancel the transaction.  I will never go into another Walker Furniture
4	I had an issue with some furniture I bought there. The manager Mike stepped in after I did a negative review here. It was the only way I could get through and get the problem resolved. The good news is that Mike was just hired and believes in customer service. Thank you. I will be back because of Mike
2	I went in to Walkers and spent close to $2800.00 on a bedroom set and a dinning room set and some mattresses on 7/26/14. At the time I purchased the items a number of thing were not divulged to me. The fact that the bedroom set I had purchased was not in stock and I was told it would be delivered the next week, but it is 8/1/14 and no bedroom set for maybe a couple weeks????? The dining room set I purchased arrived with some wear on it, I called to have it replaced and when they came to pick up the old set the new set also had "distressed" markings on it. I was never told that the table was "distressed" when I paid full price for a brand new table and chairs. Someone needs to let the consumer know at the time of purchase when an item will be delivered and if it is being sold "as it" or "distressed". Nothing was ever said to me about this or is there any notation on my paperwork.
5	Walkers really does care about what is happening at their store. I got a call from them after my disappointing trip there. They made arrangements for me to come in and correct the problem, they even discounted another table so I could be happy. Very good customer service from a company that apparently cares for its customers. My hats off to all at Walkers.
4	I had a pleasant experience at Walker recently. I was able to finance my entire purchase and Kumar helped me find exactly what I needed with the dimensions I gave him and the style I was looking for. Next day delivery was pretty nice too - I've already recommended Walker to my family!
5	First let me start off by saying what a wonderful experience my furniture shopping turned out to be! My wife and I moved into our new house and realized we had no furniture to full our 1800 sqft, so we went on down to walker and were greeted but not pestered by many sales people who were eager to ensure we were finding everything to our satisfaction. The sales person whom we actually felt with was a really awesome guy named Richard (I recommend him to anyone reading this), Richard found on standing puzzled near a really huge king size bed set that both my wife and I really liked, we were puzzled because we didn't know how the pricing worked if we wanted to buy only certain pieces rather than the entire set. Richard was very helpful and even got us a 20% discount on an already on sale item and this really surprised my wife and I :) the experience for my wife and I was almost like just running into a friend who also sold furniture becsuse Richard made us really feel at ease so much so that we even invited him to my wife's bday which was the following weekend! The furniture was delivered on time and exactly as promised and we are very very satisfied with our Walker furniture experience and see no other reason to shop anywhere else in the future :) on a side note our sales person didn't make it out to the wife's bday but the following weekend we did get a very thoughtful bday card and a $25 gift card to century theaters as a thank you/happy birthday, I call that a great customer experience!  Thanks Richard and Walker.
1	This one sucks! No selection and they are expensive! Not worth it, don't waste your time going here.
1	Please keep in mind that I am a very understanding person (if you notice, I rarely write negative reviews) but this situation is too much and I feel people need to be aware. Especially since I have already tried to resolve it with the store management. I received threats, yes threats, on my answering machine from the employee trying to make me rush down to the store and fix a mistake she made on the contract. This charming young lady (Jay?) stated that they would come to my home and take the furniture if it wasn't corrected immediately. Now keep in mind that I have a job of my own to do. I was happy to help them correct the error, but I cannot drop everything to do so. If you have made a mistake it seems unreasonable to me to expect your customer to disrupt their life to cover your behind. You need to ask nicely and wait for it to be convenient for your customer to get it squared away. It seems even more unreasonable that you think threats are an appropriate way to request a customer's assistance. Ok, I manage a staff. I understand that employees occasionally put their foot in their mouth and as a manager you have the unique opportunity to turn the situation around... Right? NOPE! Her manager did nothing. Actually stated that threatening customers to correct contract errors made by staff is their policy (not even touching the idea that the winners they hire screw up contracts enough that there needs to be a policy!) Returning the furniture just to not deal with them anymore. Sad because I love the product and it fits perfectly in my apartment. Nothing is worth that kind of hassle though. Unreal.
1	We have made many purchases from Walker in the past 30 years. Today we went in. We were greeted by an older gentleman with silver hair and a heavy accent. He asked what we were looking for. I told him a sectional sofa, gray microfiber and two recliners. He told me I was being very specific. I told him I knew what I wanted. He led us all the way to the back of the store. When we got there he told us the this huge room was full of sectional sofas but none were charcoal gray! That really pissed us off. He totally wasted our time "hoping" to change our minds to make a sale. This man did quite the opposite. He angered customers who may never cross your threshold again for the stunt he pulled! If he would have said he was sorry but there are no sofas with our specifications on hand, I could respect his honesty and the fact that he acknowledged that I had a very specific item in mind. Briefly spoke to a young man, who is a manager on the way out but the damage was done. It will be a very long time before I return to Walker. I thought I was going into a furniture store, not a used car dealership. Perhaps that salesman would be more comfortable on a car lot.
1	Absolute terrible experience. I bought a mattress and was given the wrong product.  While at the warehouse was very rudely treated.   spent over 2 hours trying to get it sorted out, the staff at the warehouse could not careless.  Made comments that is was not their fault the main store screwed up and I'd need to get it corrected with them.  Finally got a call and emails from kentrenaissance@hotmail.com stating that they had a mattress that was not on the show room that was a "Upgrade" that he'd like me to try out.  If I did not like it they would take it back and give me a refund. Ended up being a very hard mattress not comfortable at all and hard on my back and shoulder which was one of the main concerns I had due to surgery.  Went to store and found out the "Upgrade" was actually sold at the same price.  told him I was going to be out of town and would call regarding replacement the next week was told no issue, that wanted me happy due to issues encountered.  Once back in Vegas started to make attempts to get the mattress picked up and a refund.  No calls back.. Several emails to Kent said someone from store would call me named Donovan and that there was no conversation of a refund which is a full lie as I'd not have accepted a mattress I had not seen if not told it was to be tried.  Will proceed with legal action next week on this.. Terrible and rude service at the warehouse.  And lies from the management to get my money.  Since moving here I had to fully outfit my new home and have bought a lot of furniture from other stores for lower than the items and with none of the issues I had at Walkers.  I have no idea how they have ever been voted best furniture store. I also had a friend with me same day I was shopping that bought a table and chair and had issues getting the delivery  on dates promised and missing parts.  If you want my opinion DO NOT BUY from Walker furn. Worst experience I've ever had in all my furniture buying in several states over many years.  I wish I could rate them less than 1 star.  Not even worth that.
5	Yesterday I went to Walker Furniture and Eric took care of me. He is the nicest salesman. He was very patient with me and very knowledgeable, and has GREAT customer service abilities. I will definitely go back to WALKER FURNITURE and recommend them to everyone I know. My furniture was delivered today.  The delivery men were great too. SHOP AT WALKER FURNITURE!!
1	Took me three sentences to know I didn't want to shop here. When the salesman tells me to ,"Come here! " I can pretty much tell that he already got a pitch ready. No thanks
4	I was glad to see the management response to my Yelp review, and I recently needed some new furniture so I decided to give Walker another shot. This time was much better. The sales people didn't stalk me like predators, and the salesman we did have was actually very knowledgable and understood our wants and needs instead of trying to push whatever he wanted to sell on us. The check out process with the customer service desk did seem a little better this time. It didn't make me outraged, and the staff was okay, they just seem a little apathetic toward their job. All in all it was a MUCH better experience. Looks like that employee training paid off!
5	Moving is never fun, but with the great service we received at Walker Furniture, it made the move and furnishing of our home an enjoyable experience. Rexx was our salesman, and he displayed top notched customer service. When he wasn't able to meet us because we didn't set an appointment, he asked Robert to assist us who was another great customer service oriented salesman. Both gentlemen should be applauded for their great service and hospitality. We will definitely continue to shop at Walker.
4	Over the last few months we have bought several thousand dollars in furniture for our new home.  We have been in Vegas for 30+ yrs.  we have never had a problem with this store.  Just tell the sales people you just want to look around.  They will leave you alone & occasionally check to see if you need any help.  The selection is huge.  We had a lovely sales lady, Maggie.  She went out of her way to accommodate us.  No pressure to buy.  The delivery service was premo. Always called before & showed up on time.  We bought a large sectional & decided the wedge was too large.  We picked out some tables & they exchanged it the next day.  A bedroom set we bought 2 wks ago was shown in an ad yesterday.  I called Maggie, & she and her  manager made it right.  No questions asked.  We are very pleased with Walker's.  Judy DeConinck
2	This store should be called Stalker not Walker.  My girlfriend and I have been looking for new furniture for the house and so we just wanted to go in and browse what was available.  We walk in the door and are greeted by a salesperson which is normal and fine and he asks what  we're looking for and we tell him that we just want to browse. He asked us what we wanted to browse for. It goes back and forth so I finally tell him nightstands just to hope he leaves us alone, he then asks us if we just want something cheap?  I didn't quite know how to respond, he tells us if we want something cheap they might have it across the parking lot. Fine, whatever, we go on our way to where the bedroom furniture is.  The salesperson stayed no less than 15 yards behind us the entire time and continued to follow us until we leftMaybe this sales tactic works on some people but I won't be visiting the store again. I'll go back to Ashley and RC Willey where I can look without being harassed.
1	How can you say you've tried. I've called your ops manager at least 6 times. I've received 2 missed calls from her. How can you say you are not avoiding this issue Mike of Walker furniture ? You have my cell. You have my card info.. Easy to correct this. More lies from the mouths of dirty sales people who don't care about their customers.  You have crossed into fraudulent activities by switching product sold. Not even just bad sales practices. Walker is dishonest.
1	Over 6 calls to Walker last night. Disconnected each time. Either intentionally or mechanical doesn't matter. When calling back receptions should have stayed on line if Walker really wants to correct this and got a person on phone with me. Continued stalls tactics by the dishonest Walker company..
1	Save your money. I paid Walker Furniture $400.00 for nothing. I bought a chair that was "50%" off and it turned out it was only a few hundred off retail.  I found this out after I had the chair delivered to my home and the chair was to hard to sit on. I would have exchanged it until I did some internet shopping and found the same chair was less expensive and free shipping. Walker has charged a 85 year old women $275.00 to return the chair and I had to pay $75.00 delivery fee on top of it all. I may never get a lift chair, It will take me a year to pay the $375.00. Thanks Walker for adding to my pain, both with my arthritis and my bank account.Update: I paid a total of $1594.46 for the chair, delivery was $75.00 Tax $119.47 so the chair " on sale of 50% off" $1399.99. Just so there's no misunderstanding.
1	Please tell your employees to stop following people around. It's too aggressive. The experience here was really off-putting, and borderline creepy. Never again.
4	I like walker they have employees that actually help. I ordered couches and a bed from them. No complaints.The delivery guys have always been courteous each time and they take care of you. I'm a fan. Kwame helped me on one occasion and Anthony I believe his name was, on another.
