4	I am in mood. I am reminiscing about my favorite haunts in the burgh. I live in los angeles, one of the tastiest restaurant havens in the world. And yet, i left part of my stomach in pittsburgh. I loved the calamari for a starter, the talapia in a sweet nutty white sauce, and the apple crisp for dessert. those were just my favs, but i did try other things, everything YUMMY. cool atmosphere and cocktails as well. From my understanding this place has been around a long time, doing their thing. Check it out!
3	We stopped here for a bite to eat before going out drinking.  The food was good (I had the fish sandwich, which was huge.  and I enjoyed the batter on the fish), but the service was terrible.  Bad service takes away from a good meal.  The fact that the prices were so low was one redeeming factor to save it from a 3 star rating.
3	I have lived in pittsburgh for almost a decade and have never been to this restaurant until now.  Many people could not believe it.  But honestly, from the outside, this place did not appeal to me.  It looked like it would be some kind of shabby bar inside.  This is not he case.  Inside, it is quite cozy with a nice bar area (very smoky, blah) and another adjacent dining room that is very nice and the non-smoking area.  The host and server were both extremely nice.  The food - well, it was ok.  I couldn't decide what to get and our server recommended the French Dip as very good.  Well, first,  I should have looked more carefully or asked, because it came on a croissant.  Eww.  Then, the beef was tough, non juicy, which, I know, is what the au jus is for, but even that can't help tough overcooked meat.  And where were the onions?  All I spied and at was the meat and provolone cheese on top.  The onion rings were good.  Overall, this place was ok.  I probably wouldn't come back again if I had my choice.
4	Comfortable place that is our most frequent and favorite dining spot......if Norm and Cliff ever moved to Pittsburgh, this is where they would hang...........we like all of their food! Finding a place to park is my only complaint.
3	very cute place to have a meal with friends. the food was priced very accordingly to the food that was served.
4	Came here for dinner on my birthday (back before I turned 21) and also when my parents were in town for dinner.  The food was decent each time, but nothing really standout.  I enjoyed my fish and chips, but my boyfriend didn't care much for his pasta--too rich and overwhelming.  I like the homey decor a lot, though!  It really feels like a neighborhood place.  Coming from the suburbs, I'd never seen restaurants done like that (except tacky imitations).Luckily for students and other carfree residents, it's on the 71C route and close to the 71A!
2	I've been here twice and I'm just not crazy about it.  Nothing is BAD, per se, just not really impressive.  The service is fine and the food is certainly edible, but missing something - at least, their vegetarian food.  When I ordered sweet potato fries, a lot of them came out burnt.  The Big Green salad was boring and everything was in huge chunks.  Their French onion soup was pretty good, but when is French onion soup not good?  They have a hot vegetarian sandwich, but it sounds gross.  Does hot hummus and alfalfa sprouts sound good to you?  As for non-vegetarian food, my dad was very satisfied with his hot grilled chicken salad.I wouldn't mind coming back for brunch.  Since it's just around the corner from my new apartment, I'm sure I'll end up going here with my parents fairly often.  I'm not crazy about it, but if they're paying, I'm not opposed to it.
4	I love this place for its salad!! This was the first place that I had the "Pittsburgh Salad" and I have been hooked!! The french onion soup is also very tasty, but the other stuff on the menu is okay- Personally stick to the salads, soups, and calamari!! It is a bit pricey but its worth it, once in awhile!!
2	Been there twice in the last year.  The service was mediocre once, and embarrassingly bad the second time.  The food is good; it's Meatloaf-Centric American.  It's a place you'd take your conservative parents.That said, the first time I was in, some of the regular customers were being ridiculously outgoing about politics, and decided to group-hate some things I find pretty reasonable.  Didn't seem reasonable to argue with a large group of folks in their regular spot, so, ah, that's that.If you can't find plain-to-upscale American food in Pittsburgh, you're really not looking very hard.  Reading another review, I'd be baffled trying to figure out why anyone would take the bus here.
4	Extensive wine menu and average service.  They have an in-house wine specialist that helps you with your wine selection - impressive. The food is the high point of this place. They always seem to have a great selection of seasonal foods - gnoochi stuffed with sweet potatoes and topped with goat cheese and cranberries. When warm weather gets here, stop by and check out the outdoor patio. It's a nice place for a summertime date.
3	Went on a Friday night at about 10:30pm for a late dinner.  It was a nice night out and definitely not conventional dinner time so we were seated quickly inside the restaurant while the patio remained popping with young professionals having drinks.  Some middle-aged men were drinking at the bar inside.  The service was great, most likely because no one else was eating at this hour.  The restaurant itself looks great, no criticisms there.  Clean and homey, nice mood lighting.Most meals come with their appetizer salad.  I asked for their house special Lemon Mustard dressing.  It was an excellent choice and I highly recommend it.  It tastes like honey mustard but lightened so it's appropriate as a dressing and not as a dipping sauce for chicken nuggets XDTwo glaring flaws about our dinner -- my Charles Pasta was too salty and my friend's Chicken Roulade was too bland.  It was ridiculous.  I tasted my pasta and did an Alex Guarnaschelli when she's judging on Chopped, thinking in my head "Did you taste your food?  No?  Well, you definitely substituted salt for sugar."   The Charles Pasta probably would've benefited from sugar rather than salt, since it contained sausage already, which provides much of the salty flavor.  I tasted my friend's Chicken Roulade.  The salt should've gone there, for sure.The chocolate torte cake for dessert was delicious and redeemed the meal somewhat.
3	Elbow room has some great things going for it. It has a reasonable menu, without being 'bar food'...They changed the menu recently - so the food has changed somewhat - mostly for the better!  The Johnny Appleseed Chicken Sandwich was very good.  Salads are also good choices.They moved all of their wine to a wall, so there is no list - you get up and explore.  It's a novel idea - but I wasn't interested in exploring that particular night.  They have a back patio, that is often forgotten...so in nice weather, you have a better chance there than at Harris Grill.  Service is fine.  All in all, it's one of my top picks for an average night out.
3	Went here on a Tuesday night -- wait staff was a little off.  Could have just been the individual with whom we dealt.  Entrees ordered were okay (in a "meh" sort of way).  Can only speak for burger/sandwich portion.Dessert selection seemed more enticing, except it wasn't upon delivery.  The dessert we ordered was sub-par for all the talk it received (the apple crisp).  But, maybe that's just me.All in all, an average experience.  Maybe I'll try something different off the menu next time?  If there is one?
4	Great place to have a relaxing lunch / dinner outside in the middle of the hot summer or cool fall - the food is good and the prices are reasonable.  I'm a big fan of the steak salad, although the fact that it has fries in it really does weird me out.  It is most likely just as fattening as a burger, but it sure does taste good and gets me craving it to come back!They also have a great wine selection that is worth checking out.  In a pinch (or during snowpocolypse) they will also sell bottles to-go, but they do have to de-cork it for you before you leave, which is midly annoying, but better than nothing.
3	Elbow Room was the first restaurant I've tried on the Ellsworth Ave strip between Negley and College.  Considering that I've already been here for almost half a year, living only a couple blocks away, I should frequent this block much more often.I came here for a simple dinner with a lab partner.  The lighting is relatively dim, with dark wood finishes and all that.  however, the crowd overall wasn't quite the couples on a romantic date type thing, so don't filter this place out if you just want to hang out with a couple friends - that exact crowd occupied the majority of the restaurant that night.Based on the previous reviews and my experience, there is always an insert in the menu with seasonal items.  I got one of their crusted tilapia dishes, which on the menu, is served with regular fries and other things, but not sweet potato fries.  I kindly asked my server whether the substitution for sweet potato fries could be make, and she gladly fulfilled my request without charging me any extra.  my friend got the beef bourguignon, which tasted average.for any of my friends who come to town to visit me, I'll probably take them here for its location and non-bar-type food options. the waitstaff is friendly, and i'm looking forward to coming here again to try an item off their extensive dessert menu.
2	I met a group of girls here for dinner last night, and my initial first impressions were very positive.  The space was attractive, with a nice bar area and bottles of wine decoratively placed on display.  Some of the wine was reasonably priced, and the wine list included descriptive words below each type, like "dry, food-friendly, hints of pear."  Very helpful to a wine ignoramus like me.  There was only one bartender at 730 pm, and he was quite busy so it was difficult to get his attention.  One of my friends also was given a dirty glass with smudges on it at first, but as soon as we managed to signal the busy bartender, he fixed it quickly.Our server was very friendly and cheerful.  She didn't rush us, and made good wine recommendations.  We had to ask for water, which I thought was a bit weird since the table was pre-set with empty water glasses.  I just assumed someone would be round with a pitcher, but that was not the case.We started with the artichoke dip, which was pretty good - your usual creamy dip with artichoke hearts and spinach.  It was served with some little slices of french bread, and was a pretty decent appetizer.  For my entree, I got the Danish burger, and here's where things took a major tumble.  The burger supposedly had "herbed caper relish and bleu cheese."  Now tell me - how flavorful does that sound?  It sounds pungent, sharp, and just what I was in the mood for.  What I received was one of the most bland burgers I had ever eaten.  Seriously.  What.  Was.  The deal?It was cooked the way I asked, and taking the bun off revealed that there was indeed caper relish and bleu cheese on the burger.  But there was a very small amount of it - when I ate a crumble of cheese by itself it was delicious, but on the burger, the flavor just vanished.  The burger was just a big slab of flavorless ground beef.  I couldn't taste salt, pepper, garlic, anything.  I had to put ketchup on it!  KETCHUP!  Normally that's not weird, but on a burger with bleu cheese and caper relish, I shouldn't need other condiments.I lost interest in it very quickly, and focused on eating my sweet potato fries.  I should say that those were pretty tasty, and I was happy to spend my time gobbling them up.  I took most of the burger home, and fed it to my boyfriend, who agreed that it was a super boring burger.Major bummer.  I considered giving this place a 3 since it's a cute restaurant, the service was good, we enjoyed our wine, my sweet potato fries were hot and crispy, and the appetizer was all right, but UGH that burger!  I can't with that burger.That being said, I'd go back for wine and I'd hesitantly try something from another part of the menu, but I'm done with their burgers.  Their burgers are dead to me.The hunt for a decent burger in Pittsburgh goes on...
4	This was my first time at the Elbow Room at their new location on Walnut Street (previously located on Ellsworth Avenue.) My friend and I met for a low key Friday night dinner, but when we arrived at 6:30pm, to our surprise - it was PACKED!! It was really nice to see it so lively and bustling with a ton of people. It was a 30 minute wait for a table, and in that time we grabbed a drink at that bar. By the time we did that, our table was ready. After we ordered, our appetizer, salads, and entrees were all out within 15-20 minutes. The service was amazing, from our waitress, to even the owner coming out to make sure everything was ok. We ordered the fried zucchini for an appetizer, which was good but I thought the breading as a little bland, a great side salad, and I had the mediterranean pasta for my entree. Everything was better than I had expected it to be and I will definitely be returning for happy hour and dinner, hopefully very soon! 2 thumbs up!
3	I had gone to the Elbow Room at the previous location and was not a fan. But since the new location is walking distance for me, I thought I would give it a try.  I went out on a Friday night around 6:30 and it was packed.  I was happy to take a high top table at the bar instead of waiting for a table.  I ordered the Johnny Apple burger with Turkey which was amazing. My girlfriend ordered a apple brie sandwich and asked for coleslaw.  The cooks figured they would give her sweet fries instead of making more slaw. It was not late into the night, so I do not know why they didn't just make more and bring it out.I figured I would give them another try for take-out a few days later.  I ordered the same burger because it was so good the first time.  Well, after getting my food back home, i realized the burger was only a turkey patty and nothing on it. I go back and pick it up a replacement. Turns out the line chef did not know what they needed to add on the food.The new location is great and I am sure there are some growing pains.  But I will be giving them some more time before I go back.
2	Well, my update has half of my original rating. Not because of their food, but because of the service. My friend booked her birthday party there this past Saturday night in their tavern room. When we got there, the room that was supposed to be set up for her party and guests was completely full of other restaurant patrons. She had called in advance to confirm party details and they assured her that everything would be fine. Not the case when we got there. The person she set the party up with wasn't working that night, and it took the hostess 15 minutes to find his "note" that was left about the party. It took another hour for them to clear somewhat of an area for the party, which was now squeezed into the bar area. The whole area never fully got cleared out for her party, and we had to share space with people who they had sat in that hour that we had waited for it to clear out. They also put only one server on staff, which was insanity and chaos because there were 30 of us at this party. I think she got 1 out of every 4 drink orders correct. I would still go here to eat for dinner, but I would never recommend it to anyone looking to have a party or event here.
3	We came in here for after dinner drinks and although the ambiance was very focused on the basketball game going on, we had a great time.  Notably the service is great, and although we spilled one beer and broke a glass (no we were not inebriated, just excited and gesturing) the waitress was lovely and accomodating.  Apparently they have great lobster and a yummy burger so that too would be fun to try.
4	Went in for Sunday brunch with bf. Price-y, but definitely worth it! Waitresses were all really amiable.Got the crab spinach frittata + home fries and GW sandwich. The crab spinach frittata was delicious! Came with bread and cream cheese (yum). Home fries were okay. GW sandwich was really good too. Pretty big sandwich, couldn't finish it. We also got the hot chocolate cheesecake pie. All their pies they donate $1, so I was glad to hear that. The chocolate cheesecake pie was really good. I was craving for the pie's crust so I was happy with the dessert.Great atmosphere. Would go back for romantic dinner.
2	Went to Elbow Room for a nice Sunday brunch experience. It was not crowded and we were seated and served promptly. My girlfriend ordered the album pancakes while I ordered the crab Eggs Benedict.  Her pancakes were absolutely inedible, with such a bizarre after taste that we had to say something to the waitress. The kitchen also forgot to put any hollandaise sauce on my eggs and it looked like a 10 year old had poached them. The asparagus was raw and there were a few bits of crab, so little I thought they had forgotten that too. By the time I got any hollandaise the eggs were cold and the whole plate was ruined. When we said something about the pancakes the waitress apologized profusely and brought out some fresh French Toast, but stated that the cooks also thought something was wrong with the pancakes - - - why did she let us order them, then?? Makes no sense.The waitress was very nice and very attentive, but the cooking left a lot to be desired. We won't be going back there for brunch anytime soon. Worst Eggs Benedict experience I've ever had.
4	This was my first time going to Pittsburgh.  We were shopping in a downtown store, and this restaurant was recommended by one of the store clerks.  We stopped for a small lunch and a beer.  The waitress was extremely nice and helpful, letting us sample some of the local brews on tap before we made a choice.  She kept saying how she didn't want us to get stuck with a beer we didn't like.  She gave prompt and attentive service, as she was the only one running the bar and the dining area in the bar.  It wasn't super crowded, but definitely enough to keep her busy.Our food was fantastic!  I ordered a salmon BLT, and the salmon that came on it was bigger than a piece of salmon that I would order for a dinner in other restaurants.  The sweet potato fries were crispy and sweet...some of the best I've ever had.  My dish was only $12, and that was because i added the sweet potato fries instead of regular.  My husband had their featured pasta with sausage and chicken, and there was TONS of meat.  I've never seen such a large amount of meat in a pasta dish anywhere.  He loved the pasta and bread that came with it.  His dish was roughly $9.  I've never had such good food, for such a small price in a downtown city.  Out beers were only $4 and $5.25 for a pint of beer.  After our meal, we asked the waitress what we should see in the city.  We were only there for one day and wanted a local opinion as to what to see.  She sent over the restaurant manager, and he was beyond helpful.  Not only did he give suggestions, but he took the time to write them down on a card.  He spent a good 10-15 minutes pointing out different spots we should see.  We ended up going to all top 5 places he suggested and we ended up having a great day.Would definitely recommend this place.
2	use to be a max and erma's and if that bar wasn't low enough it now misses the mark
2	I was promised a room full of elbows, and the Elbow Room seriously under-delivered.Additionally, I was not too thrilled with the atmosphere or beer selection. When I asked our waiter what was on tap, he could not name a single choice. Its not a huge problem for me, but considering this place is somewhat of a pub, it would probably be wise to memorize a few choices. I had the Norman Rockwell Burger which was actually very good. The egg was perfectly fried and the burger was cooked precisely how I requested. If I had to nitpick, I'd say the crappy bun detracted from the burger as a whole, but overall I was happy. The fries were fairly soggy and otherwise par for the course. My lady-friend's turkey-whatever sandwich was okay, nothing to get excited over.The food itself deserves 3 stars, but the overall environment felt strange to me, hence 2 stars.
4	What a great surprise!! I had a hearty, tasty chicken and broccoli soup with ham...excellent! My husband had his usual bacon cheeseburger, and the fries were his degree of perfectly crisp. My cheese, turkey, and Granny Smith apple sandwich with honey mustard sauce was served on a hearty multi-grain bread and grilled lightly...most satisfying, especially since I brought half home for another meal. Cayla, our waitress, was appropriately attentive without being overbearing. We will definitely return!
3	I had a Sunday lunch here... well... I wanted to... but all they had was brunch menu. Salad was on it and I had it so I will count that as a lunch.I had a grilled chicken salad. It was good except that the chicken was burned. I wanted to substitute shrimp for chicken but the kitchen wasn't ready for that. My friend had steak & egg and requested the meat to be medium and it was burned.The best think was that they poured the wine on my glass. The huge huge glass was half full. I super loved it! because I drink and dring a lot and don't get drunk. It was a busy morning/lunch time for them but our waiteress was attentive, helpful, and friendly.
4	You can't go wrong with something to eat or drink from the Elbow Room. The new location looks great and offers actual elbow room. I'm always a fan of the sweet potato fries, but apparently, so is everyone else because they've run out of them a few times.
3	I'm not legal to drink but each time I've been here the food has been normal--make sure you check out their dessert menu though--it's divine. The atmosphere of the restaurant is really nice and romantic with dim lighting and a lot of  pretty lights.  Service is a bit slow, but they were able to accommodate for twelve people without reservations in 20 minutes, so no complaints there!
3	A-OK FOOD & RIGHTING A WRONG...Been here once with friends and had a good soup and sammie lunch so when my hubby and my kiddo where in the area with me I suggested we pop in.Food is reasonably priced considering it is located on the most expensive avenue in the burg! It is also kid friendly - no one is gonna care if my kid is a little LOUD! Anyway, good service and a great chicken salad on my side but as my hubby bit into the center of his chicken sammie - he pulled back and found a totally raw pink center.An initial minor freak out occurred - mostly cause we're so programmed to utterly and completely fear raw chicken...came down off the ledge and told the waitress. She profusely apologized and then the manager came over and apologized as well. They both asked if my hubby wanted anything else but he was too weirded out to eat anything else. Then the manager comped the whole meal as a mea culpa (yea Latin!). That was fair and kind and because of that I would go back!
1	I have continued going back to Elbow Room hoping for a different experience. No matter how many times I order from them they always leave something off my burger. I do not understand how a burger with apple, cheese, and bacon always end up missing at least one of the 3 items. I am just happy it has the burger on it. So tired of this place. I have talked to their chefs and managers about this issue and it has never been resolved. If you get takeout from this place I suggest always opening your box before you leave to make sure it is all there.
2	I have dined at the elbow room twice now. First time I ordered a grilled cheese sandwich, and believe it or not, it was the worst grilled cheese I have had. I know what you are thinking......how can you mess up grilled cheese? I am still asking myself that question. I gave it another try last night because I did like the decor and the service was good. I thought maybe the cook was having a bad night. I had the Norman Rockwell burger and although it wasn't prepared as rare as I prefer, it was tasty. I was beginning to change my mind about this place until I decided to use the restroom.  Walking into this place, you would never imagine that the bathroom would be filthy. The decor is nice, the service is great, the food is average, and the bathroom is undescribable.
5	I cannot believe this place only has three stars.  I have lived in Pitt for over a year and a half and this is the only place I have gone aside of Monterey Bay that I get excited to go back to.The hummus platter is awesome!  I am addicted to the hot veg.  Sweet potato fries are great (but they seem to run out a lot).  I have taken several friends there all have ordered sandwiches of different types and raved.  When you hear sandwich you may think lunch but they are upscale, flavorful and creative.Atmosphere is great upscale with a casual touch and the service has always been great.
4	Casual place for food. Not steller but solid. Good local restaurant.
4	Typical dinner place on the level of a good Applebees with great Margaritas.
4	The Elbow Room has the option, without upcharging, to exchange the type of burger to salmon instead. Not a salmon patty. A salmon steak, grilled, then perfected with brie! I love the Elbow Room for the one delicious meal I experienced there. I do wish the beer glass I was given and my knife wasn't sticky. But wow, get The Johnny Apple Burger  topped with brie, apple wood smoked bacon and green apples, salmon style. Or turkey. Or chicken. Or veggie. The options for one burger are amazing. Loved it!
4	Best place I've found in Pittsburgh to take friends visiting from out of town. There's lots of choices for every palate, and the food is simple and very well made. It's casual, with good burgers and entree dishes (they're very amenable to substitutions which for me is a plus) and I love their French Onion Soup.  I'm sad to hear they no longer make their famous pies, because they were VERY good.
3	Overall, I like Elbow Room. Food is definitely hit or miss. Here's what I've learned: Avoid any sort of seafood! There is an excellent selection of burgers and they are very customizable. The salads here are better than the average entree salad at other establishments. Desserts, made in-house from scratch, are delicious and enough for two people to split. But what keeps me coming back to Elbow Room is their late night (after 9PM) $5 martini specials. Combined with the ambiance, it's okay to feel classy. Definitely a nice getaway from most of the pubs that line Walnut.
2	I had brunch here with two of my friends, one of whom had brought her daughter with her.The bloody mary was COMPLETELY disgusting.  And there was no alcohol in it.  It was god awful.My friends daughter had ordered lox & a bagel, and her bagel was ROCK HARD and cold.  We asked for a softer bagel, and they brought one out.  It was the same bagel, they just stuck it in the microwave.  My friend ordered a salad and it was all iceberg lettuce, nothing to spectacular.I had a reuben and it was ok, but I was so grossed out by the bloody mary I couldn't eat it.  The manager could not have been nicer, he comped the bloody mary and asked me how I make them for myself when I'm at home since he didn't think his recipe was that great.  I'm still so grossed out by that bloody mary i'm never going bac.
4	Tucked away on the 2nd floor of Walnut St. - the boutique corridor of Shadyside, an eclectic residential neighborhood in PGH - sits a handsome roomy bright space with tasteful woodwork and good food and drinks.  Came on a summer Sunday for brunch, and started with a Maryland Bloody Mary, with fresh crab meat and Old Bay.  Really good.  Nice brunch menu.  Bacon = excellent.  Bartenders Sean and Paul very friendly, offering good recommendations for other spots in the neighborhood on a Sunday afternoon.  Close to Banana Republic, J. Crew, and a nice array of boutiques on a pretty tree lined street.  They have an interesting drink menu, nice wine selection and offer a good price/value proposition.  I would go back.
4	The old Elbow Room on Ellsworth in Shadyside - with its crayons-and-butcher-paper, mismatched-furniture, crowded homestyle sloppiness - is gone forever.  In its relocated reincarnation, in the former Max and Erma's space in the nearby Walnut Avenue shopping street, the new Elbow Room seems like an entirely different restaurant.  The decor is tasteful and understated, with dark paneling, warm dark walls and high ceilings; the bar area is positively gigantic and looks like a comfortable, slightly upscale spot for a reverse happy hour (in Elbow Room parlance, cheap drinks at the end of the evening, 9-11pm); and the service is friendly, meticulous and a darn site better dressed than on Ellsworth.  We had Sunday afternoon salads or "salad bowls" - I had the Grilled Trout Salad with a lemon horseradish vinaigrette (the Trout was crispy and the dressing was subtle and refreshing) and my wife had the Crab and Asparagus Salad with red peppers and a lemon red pepper dressing (she said it was perfect).  On the bev front, the Elbow Room seems to going all out to win over the wine crowd, and meanwhile has a pretty impressive selection of beers on draft, including a B2 signature IPA and the whimsically-named Fleur de Lehigh (you know, in case you haven't gotten your minimum weekly requirement of cardamom-flavored beer).
3	The Elbow Room is pretty standard. None of the food struck me as terribly complex or prepared in the restaurant, besides being heated up. I had the butternut squash ravioli, which was essentially tasteless. I enjoyed the cozy atmosphere here and there is a decent wine list, as well as a good assortment of libations. I think next time I'll come just for drinks.
5	Everything about our experience was wonderful!!  We had made a reservation because we had a large party - our table was ready and waiting for us (this was a Friday night about 6:30). Our waitress was friendly and kept up with our many requests - from drinks to appetizers to dinner.  The food all came out together - (we had salads, burgers, seafood entree) so there was a variety and everyone was pleased with their dinners.  Will definitely go back!!
3	I have been here once for drinks and once for lunch. A really great place to go if your parents are visiting (it's a bar sans the rowdy crowd).  We ordered some soup, salads, and Bloody Mary's and enjoyed conversation while being waited on by a super friendly staff.Bloody Mary could have used more of a kick
2	"Bland" is probably the key word in describing this place. A local Applebees-type feel.I was here for dinner one night, and the sandwich I got was unbelievably bland, so was the side of cole slaw. The artichoke dip was ok, but very greasy. The pasta a bit dry and bland as well.The reverse happy hour concept from 9PM-11PM is cool. There is an OK number of beers on tap. The service is friendly and efficient.However, the food is sub-par, so I won't be returning even if I were in the area.
4	Three stars, really?  Bland?  Applebee's like?  I disagree sir...circle gets a square.Yes, this is a new (old Max & Erma's) location, never been to the old location.  Yes there are still remnants of the old there, no remodel was done, but that does not mean the place does not have character.  Something intimate about walking up that staircase, or even taking the small elevator up to the restaurant area.  It feels bright once you get upstairs.My recent visit was during lunch in the middle of the week.  I met my friend and didn't even have a chance to greet him and we were being seated.  An instant later we were greeted by our waitress with water for the table.  We were told the soups of the day and off she went to give us some time to look over the menu.  Even though we were delaying her a bit by conversating, she was patient with us.I ordered the GW, my friend ordered a burger.  The GW is a a nice mixture of roast turkey, melted  brie, and granny smith apple slices (yes, I know it's odd, but it worked (now what's bland about that?)).  All that between two slices of  multi-grain bread with honey mustard and then toasted.  The combination worked so well together that if you didn't actually see the turkey and granny smith apples, you'd think you were eating a high end grilled cheese sandwich.  Your choice of side was either hand cut fries or Cole slaw, or you could upcharge and get sweet potato fries or onion rings.My friend ordered the Average Joe burger where you can basically build your own burger.  He ordered it medium rare and it came out cooked perfectly good.Towards the end, and this is the reason I could not give this place five stars, we felt a little rushed to leave.  I could understand if the place was packed and people were waiting outside, but that was not the case.  There was brisk business going on, but that was no need to rush us out.  The check was delivered and we didn't even have time to check it before the waitress came back.  She actually had to be told that we didn't even look at it yet.I guarantee that I will come back here.  The food was delicious.
4	I can only review their delivery service, which has been a godsend on some rather god-forsaken nights. The food has arrived fresh, and of fantastic quality. I can highly recommend their salmon, as the Lemon Beurre Blanc was fantastic. My favorite, though, has to be the Norman Rockwell burger. It is a perfectly medium rare burger (can be cooked more if requested, but doing so would be a travesty), topped with bacon, american cheese, and a sunny side up egg.While their prices are somewhat high, the quality of the food is above reproach, earning them 4 stars in my opinion.
2	I fully agree with reviewers who call the food bland, and overall, I think there are much better dining options for the money in the vicinity.  I have tried a number of items on the menu here and found them to be all underwhelming, despite the fact that their average entree costs nearly $20.For example, the hanger steak has come out under-seasoned and chewy, the braised short ribs tasting no better than ones you can easily make at home -- again despite being roughly $20 or more each.  The starters that I have had were also very uninspiring, such as the hummus which is, at best, on par with store-bought hummus.  For a restaurant at this price point, it is simply not worth the money.For "cheap" eats in the Shadyside area of Pittsburgh, I prefer options like BRGR or Dinette.  At either of those locations, entrees are less expensive while much more consistent and flavorful.
2	Drinks are good but food sucks. I tried the food multiple times and I think only the french onion soup and salads are descent. The main courses are very low quality.
4	Wonderful brunch. The food and service was great. The waiters were very friendly and the food wasn't too pricey. Really a great option for brunch.
2	Since my return to Pittsburgh, I have been to the "new" Elbow Room several times. The food has always been decent and the location on Walnut is convenient when I'm in the neighborhood shopping.  Today I went for a late lunch.  Honestly, there were 5 people in the restaurant.  It took forever for food to arrive at our table.  Could it be attributed to the fact that I was eating somewhere between lunch and dinner and they aren't sufficiently staffed?  I don't know.  My beloved was happy as always with his ENORMOUS fish sandwich.  My reuben sandwich was just okay.  The corned beef was pretty chewy.  Probably should have gotten a salad.  I'm hoping that I just caught them on a bad afternoon.
3	Desert was great - beer was good.  Food was under seasoned a bit with out the sauce.  Husband liked it with.
2	As we strolled up Walnut Street this morning we were greeted by a large sandwich board sign advertising brunch.  Spirits lifted we raced inside for the sidewalk advertised  breakfast glories...sat down...and were told brunch was only on Sundays. My lil heart fell. Regroup. I ordered the half sandwich and chili and my partner in this mess ordered a chop salad.  The chili should be renamed Alpo & Cheddar. The salads are better at Get Go.And direct quote upon our server checking on us..drumroll...."From what I see I presume you are okay" and a quick exit stage left.We shall not be returning. Even as tempting as the $10 sangria made of pure canned fruit juice appears.
2	It's a nice enough place with a decent selection of drinks (and a not-bad post-9pm happy hour), but I'd steer clear of the food.  If the portions were large and delicious, the prices would be more than reasonable, but sadly that's not the case.  I've never really enjoyed anything I've eaten here, and the downright terrible burger is what prompted me to write the review warning folks away ("medium rare" came out "well done" and no one noticed or even asked how it was).So come here if you want to grab a drink with your friends on Walnut Street.  But I, for one, will be going someplace else first if I want dinner too.
5	A couple things about happy hour- late happy hour is awesome, martini happy hour is awesome, but the happy hour menu is super limited. For such a delicious dirty martini, though, full price was ok- occasionally. Maybe they keep it off the half off menu so I don't move in. We only had dessert, so I can't comment on rest of the menu- but it all seems relatively well priced. The carrot cake was bomb, but to be fair, it's hard to mess up anything with cream cheese icing. I'll definitely be coming back to get a more rounded experience. But so far it's the bee's knees!
1	My wife and daughter and I walked in and were seated immediately by the hostess.  We sat down and browsed the menu and made our selections.  Ten or so minutes passed by as various wait staff passed by our table. At about the fifteen minute mark, without even as much as water service, we got up and left.  The hostess, as well as  the wait staff that we passed by on or way out the door made no attempt  to engage us in any way.  There wasn't much of a crowd there and I don't expect, with this type of service, business to be picking up any time soon.
4	Came upon this restaurant when I was at the Apple store. It was a Tuesday night and the place was not that crowded. I ordered the salmon and overall it was good. The gnocchi that came with it was yummy. The bartender was very nice and friendly. The guy who owns the restaurant his dad and buddy were also at the bar and they were a fun bunch at the bar. Would defiantly come back especially for drinks. Great bar place to hang out at.
2	Place was interesting. The decor reminds you of "cheers" because of the wood. I had a salmon wrap and it was very good. It had a mustard sauce and came with fries. Prices were decent. Our waitress lacked personality and her breath smelled bad, but she got everything.food wise right. It took awhile to bring our drinks. I split the check with my friend, and she didn't divide the items correctly.I probably wouldn't come here again because it wasn't "special". If I'm coming all the way from Monroeville, then I want more bang for my buck.
5	This place is great. Always excellent service and always excellent food. It's definitely a little more expensive than nearby spots but the care that's taken to prepare your food and the extremely generous portions definitely make this place worth it.
4	I like elbow room for how quiet it usually is. For being on walnut (if you prefer the loudness of steel cactus and marios then you won't like this place too much), it's a bit classier and quieter. I like how I don't have to shout for someone else to hear me, so on days where I just want to unwind without being pushed around or waiting 20 mins for a bud light in a plastic cup I go here. Their 9-11 reverse happy hour is good too, for half price you can get martinis, sangrias and all the likes.I have had the food here before but it has been too long so I won't comment on it. So, if you like walnut but want to avoid the collegey crowd and maybe even want to put that tie on and go out then this could serve you well.
2	I don't know how this place has stayed in business for so long.  It has never appealed to me, yet some family member drags me there every five years or so.  It never changes. It seems like an independently owned Chili's.  The menu is boring.  The food nothing special.  Most recently, I ordered a salad and asked for some rolls or bread and they didn't have anything except for some super spongy Italian sliced bread that tasted like a step up from wonder bread.  My beet salad had such crunch beets they were barely cooked.  Grapefruit segments were all membrane.  Lettuce was ice cold, nearly frozen.  See you in another five years.
1	The drinks were fantastic... When we could get a waiters attention.  However, the bar closed at 12:00 on a Saturday night.  Furthermore the waiter took almost 20 minutes to sort out our tabs.  I usually love the elbow room, however on this particular night it was impossible to get a drink or pay our tab .  I'm not sure we will be back.
4	Salads are pretty terrible here but pasta, burgers and finger foods are good. Great price too. I had their red velvet cake (which was very dry) but the moist parts of the cake was scrumptious (which apparently they make in their own kitchen).
1	Bad,  very bad.    Ordered Gin and Tonic.....tonic water was as flat as water.   Returned drinks and ordered wine.   Wine was ok but overpriced.    Ordered an omelet which was basically an egg pancake with the omelet stuff dumped on top.     Home fries were undercooked.   Biscuit had overpowering flavor of artificial butter.   The chicken on the salad was entrenched with artificial flavor.    I think this restaurant does not use 'fresh' ingredients and buys a lot of things already prepared and all they have to do is 'heat things up'.    So their lazy way of doing things certainly has lost us as a customer.   Also....the waitress was wearing cologne or perfume...lots of it...her scent lingered on and on.   NO Server should be wearing a scent at work.   I would equate their food with a fast food restaurant.   Not a compliment.
3	I miss the Elbow Room on Ellsworth! I must say that I wasn't happy when this restaurant moved from Ellsworth to Walnut. It had so much character in its first location, equipped with possibly the coolest outdoor seating area in the back. Therefore, it took me over a year to suck up my pride and go to this location after it opened- I don't have the highest opinion for the Walnut Street crowd. The menu is pretty much the same as the previous location- which I have to say is EXTREMELY limited for vegetarians. From what I remember, the ONLY item for veggies is the veggie wrap and fries. Needless to say, this one item is really good- however, it would be nice to be able to have the choice of getting something other than this, fries, or a salad. That being said, the brunch here is amazing and perfectly vegetarian friendly. Furthermore, the drink menu here is always great, and from what I remember they have really good happy hour everyday. I enjoy the dimly lit upstairs of the new venue- it's an excellent place for a date. While I still miss the location (which would have garnered a 4-star review from me), I still stop in here every once in a while and recommend it to my good ole carnivore and omnivore friends.
5	This place is definitely great. Any entree I have had has been excellent.. The service is great too. Bartender is very friendly and the atmosphere is very nice ! I'm going to be a regular for sure!
5	Sunday brunch was great. I had quiche and it was delicious. The meal came with homefries and a biscuit which I enjoyed.  The service and menu was on point they offered more than just mimosas. I would certainly go back. The new location is very nice
4	I do NOT understand all these people giving the Elbow Room 2s and 3s?? I have been going to place since it was originally on Ellsworth and have always loved it for your good ol' American fare and casual atmosphere. They have everything you would imagine an American (new) joint to have . Salads, burgers, sandwiches, pasta....And I have a favorite in every category!My fave salad is the Avocado. Some people don't understand this, but if you understood my love of avocados, you would. It's just a dam good salad with lots of avocados. My favorite sandwich (and possibly the best of ALL time) is the GW, which stands for George Washington. It has sliced turkey with very thinly sliced Granny Smith apples and melted Brie on this wonderful grainy bread. I know reading it to some people might not seem delicious even gross those who don't mix fruit and sandwiches, but try it. OMG is it goodgoodgood! And they have a ravioli with a prosciutto cream sauce, MMMMMM. Now, as far as service goes, I have never had a problem. Although having said that, I'm not one of those needy patrons who require a server to check in every five minutes. I have heard that sometimes the wait staff can be a little...aloof...maybe? But, like I said, always good to me.
4	I have been to the elbow room a few times.  The food and the service meet good standards.  Do not expect a gourmet, extraordinary menu but it is serves normal American bar/restaurant food.  The Sunday brunch menu is also nice (the Greek omelet is highly recommended if you are into omelets).  The biggest advantage of the place is its location and the atmosphere.  The new venue on walnut has a nice feel; something between a classy, upscale restaurant but at the same time casual, family-oriented.  I always enjoy having a grub here and I will definitely go back many times.
1	Walking by on a Saturday morning, I was pleased to see that they offered a weekend brunch, and an alternative to the overcrowded and overrated Pamela's next door.  I ordered an omelette for $9 and a fruit plate for $7 and my wife ordered a grilled chicken salad.  My wife's salad was good.  My omelette, however, was inedible -- a round, rock-hard disk smothered in cheese.  In a addition, we ordered a fruit plate for $7 which was a complete embarassment of several tiny pieces of fruit strewn about a plate with a tiny souffle cup of yogurt.  I hardly ever send food back or complain but this was really bad. I told the server as nicely as possible that it wasn't her fault and I didn't want to appear difficult but I just could not eat the omelette and the fruit plate was really unappealing and overpriced.  She gave me an icy cold look that communicated "You are a crazy, difficult, demanding jerk," but took the food back and took it off my check.  Upon reading some of the reviews here, it seems like I am not alone.
5	It started out as a place where I would occasionally come for a few drinks.  They were good.  White sangria topped with champagne and the vodka-infused fruit.  Then, a few big fish sandwiches.  A little apple pie crunch thing with vanilla ice cream.  Dinner specials.  After a long day of work, preordered dinner specials.  The Elbow Room crept into my heart and swept me off my feet.  While I found most of the food delicious and tasty, there were a few meh dishes, but that was easily overlooked by the outstanding service.  Everyone who has waited on me has been kind, friendly, and personable.  The atmosphere is laid back and excellent for unwinding.  Love.  Love.  Love.
5	Always enjoy coming to The Elbow Room. Atmosphere is great. Food is great. Jason was our server. He did an excellent job! Highly recommend asking for Jason.
5	So... I would have posted pictures, but devoured everything before I could remember, lol. The food is AMAZING! The service is great also. Salmon burger, french fries, apple crisps, regular burgers, and the list goes on! I haven't even told you the best part... THEY DELIVER!!!!! Unfortunately, this will be an overweight summer... but a happy one!
3	can be good sometimes - but not always
4	My friends and I found ourselves here because of the crowds for the Jam of Walnut Street. We went there on a recommendation from friends for their happy hour martinis. From 9-11PM, their martinis are half off. My friends and I enjoy the Purple Rain. The drinks are strong and affordable. I will be coming back for their martinis and will have to try their food next time!
3	The Elbow Room exceeded my expectations.  The Novemburger was creative and flavor full.  Lunch time on a Saturday seemed quiet though, and the ambiance seemed to be lacking a certain something.
4	When we came to dine here, it was about 8:00 pm on Labor Day. The dining room was busy, but not totally full. The greeter told us there was no room in the dining room, but there were empty tables (?) We were told we would have to wait 15-20 minutes. We were quite confused, and then within 5 minutes we were seated. After this, I was kind of worried about how the food would be, since it was a strange moment indeed. But... the food was delicious!I had the salmon with gnocci and asparagus. I've been to Italy, and I've had the some world's best gnocci there,  but I have to say, this gnocci was top notch! It was tasty, and also crispy on the outside. I'm not used to crispy gnocci, but I really did enjoy it. It was a great take on a classic! If you're here, get the gnocci.We also got the cheesy fries, we loved those! Not your typical cheesy fries. Our waitress was nice but she seemed a bit flustered, they seemed understaffed, but it was Labor Day so that's understandable.
5	I've never eaten dinner there but have had soup, sandwiches, and appetizers. Their Cherry Wonder martinis are to die for, though. And the bar staff is professional, friendly, and fast. Go for the Happy Hour - 9-11 p.m. when the martinis are half off.
3	Oops..posted a negative review to the wrong Elbow Room...never eaten here, and I can't find a way to delete this... please disregard..
3	I ordered the prosciutto with asparagus as my appetizer. I really enjoyed its flavor alone, but the damn balsamic vinegar ruined it. Just keep things simple!I had the turkey Granny Smith Apple (George Washington) sandwich. They had unfortunately ran out of Brie cheese so I didn't have the sandwich as how it was meant to be. Nevertheless, it was really delicious. Very unique!
2	This place is hit or miss. It'll depends on who is in the kitchen, I think, and whether or not management feels like taking the job seriously.  I've had good meals here, and I've had really bad ones. I've had enough bad ones that I try not to go here unless there's no other choice.  I got a piece of fish once that you could drive a nail with. The Rubens are always stringy and it's impossible to take a bite out of the sandwich without dragging all the meat out in one big glob. And I don't think I've seen the same waitstaff here more than once. Big turnover. There's no pride in the service or the food at all.  This place is never been truly "good", things just seem to keep getting worse.
