4	Gilbert's Brunswick Zone XL bowling center is unlike any bowling alley in Arizona and is too cool for G-Town. The new 58,000-square-foot venue features 44 bowling lanes -- one side, with chairs and tables, for league bowlers and the other, with plush couches, for open bowlers -- along with an interactive game room and a lounge and restaurant. The wait staff will even bring cocktails to your lane!There's also a Gameworks-style arcade with 88 interactive video games such as Deal or No Deal, air hockey, Skee-Ball and Doc's Interactive Shootout. And the cafe offers a variety of food from three kids of soup to pastas to even a Philly cheesesteak.
4	Have you gone to Cosmic Bowling???   Flashing lights, great music, and competitive sport!  You really need to arrive at about 8:30.   You will be given a "beeper" for getting a lane at 10PM.    If you get there much later you will be out of luck for Cosmic bowling.   It fills up fast.  While you wait, you can play pool, games, have a drink, and eat.  I think this is best with a group of friends.   is it possible to say you are getting exercise while you are drinking??   A good idea is to take a cab or have a designated driver.   I did notice a police car sitting in the parking lot when the bowling ended.    DUI can change your life... and not in a good way.I would say the only downfall is how much you can spend.   Two of us spent over $60 without eating and a pitcher of beer.   It really is fun.
3	As others have said it is a nice bowling alley.  We came around 5 on a Friday evening and the wait was an hour so that was a bummer.  We decided to wait and played in the arcade and it had nice equipment but was outrageously expensive.  If you don't mind spending a little money it isn't a bad place, but maybe next time we'll try stopping by at a less busy time.
4	This is the nicest bowling alley I've ever seen. It's a whole other experience. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the price to bowl is insane. For a family of 4 it's $75-100. Wow!
4	WOW!  This is the nicest bowling alley that I have ever seen!!!  I was attending a birthday party in the plush couch area.  It was a blast!  80s music vidoes showing, food is flowing, and people are bowling.  FUN!  Clean, great service, and decent food for a bowling alley.  After bowling we headed to the game room.  The interactive games are fun...
4	I am now a HUGE fan of this facility. This place is GIANT. It's like the Disneyland of bowling. Probably because it's in the middle-of-nowhere suburbs of Phoenix! Expansive lanes and a GREAT arcade area filled with awesome ticketed games. They had a great deal for $10 a person with an hour of bowling, shoes, and $5 of video game play. It was so much fun!The one thing that's weird is the service. You pay your server at the lane, but our server was often nowhere to be found. If they had better service, I'd give them a 5 star!
4	I love this place. 44 lanes! Wow. I'm a novice when it comes to bowling, but I might start going more often. They have $.99 game specials early on Saturday and Sunday. But you have to get there early in the Winter/Spring because the lanes fill up. Over the Summer, there were only about 10 other bowlers there. The waitstaff is superb. Always checking to make sure your food is good, or your drinks are filled. When you are about to finish your last game, they ask if you'll be playing anymore, rather than you waiting for them to ask.They have a giant bar which I've only been in a couple of times. Very clean and very nice staff in there as well. Too bad it's normally really slow in there. It's a nice looking bar.  They have Direct TV for NFL games, so I may start hitting that up next season (if there's no strike....no pun intended...well, maybe pun intended).The game room is fun too. Ha ha. Even as a middle aged adult, I was playing a lot of them. The sledgehammer, the gun game, a few games of skeeball....ahhh...took me back to my glory days at the Carnival. Good times, and I highly recommend going. Cosmic bowling was a trip.
4	Great place for family to bowl and hang out. Games for the kids and bowling for everyone...cool place, but at the end of the day...choose your battles for savings and adult time because it is just a glorified bowling alley ;-)
2	This place is horrible. Wait times are bad and the staff is pretty lazy. I gave it 2 stars because there was one older gentleman that was very polite and helpful, other than that, it was a pretty bad experience for my trip to AZ. I guess service can be lowered if you're one of the few points of interest in the area.
4	Most of us would never think of going to a bowling alley to dance, but this is definitely a new kind of bowling alley. The lounge is spacious and it has a stage area for the live bands and a decent wooden floor for dancing. I expected the wood floor to be well maintained and I wasn't disappointed.So here are a few other good things about the place:* No cover charge!* 25 oz mugs of beer for only $6.80. They even have Bass Ale and Guinness. They pour the Guinness slowly so you don't get too bubbles instead of beer.* Excellent live music on Friday nights. A new R&B band called "Glyde" was so good they had everyone on the floor dancing. Towards the end of the evening almost nobody was sitting down. Glyde was funky to the max and had a total fox singing vocals. * Decent food.* Pool tables* Friendly staff* Lots of fine looking ladies to dance with!Of course there is ample bowling with black lights and hip hop music, and even arcade games to enjoy when the band is taking breaks.One silly thing -- they ask adults for ID to verify age. Even if you are 80 years old be sure to have a picture ID if you want to buy drinks. The lounge could use a raised stage for the band so that people in back can see the band play. When the secret gets out about the Brunswick Zone lounge it's going to get real crowded. Watch out, Warren's Bistro!
1	Go bowling here with caution. Before I talk about the caution, I will say this: Previous times I've bowled here it's been awesome. But....tonight when i gave my two hour 29.99 coupon at 12:00am (i know...it was late) my lane was shut off early (1:55am).  I totally understood but when I asked the question to the manager, "We didn't get the FULL value of our coupon?" he said (and i quote) "Better luck next time". Hmmmmm. Never going back.
4	You can always find coupons to this place. I already bought groupons here twice this year. The atmosphere is super fun. The place is kept well. They have a fun arcade as well. In a town where everything closes at 9pm, this place is as good as it gets.
3	This is not going to be one of my best reviews.  Bowling is lame.  BUT, if I am being forced to bowl, this is where it will be.  The place is happening, has some good servers and bring me beer, a little bar to stop in when the game is over, and it is a nice place.I'd say, more of a people who don't bowl bowling kind of place, as compared to a smokier dingier league bowling place.
4	My friends and I had a coupon - 2 hours of bowling, shoe rental, pizza and drinks for less than $10 each (split 6 ways).  We really had a good time.  It was clean, doesn't appear to have ever been smoked in, and the equipment was in good shape.  Only complaint is that it gets really crowded, and this was on a Monday night.
4	I am not bowling anywhere else again! We went on a double date with some friends and we all had a blast. There was a wait for a lane to bowl so we started off at the bar & grill while we waited. This is not no winky dink bootleg bar they have at other bowling joints. It was a legit sports bar. If you like fruity wheat beers, try the Sunny Moon. It tastes like a Blue Moon with extra, extra orange slices. It was awesome! We sipped on this all night! We had chicken nachos to share and they were surprisingly very good.On to the bowling... love how there was waiter service at the lanes so we were able to continue drinking more Sunny Moons. We made it at the start of Cosmic Bowling so the bowling in glow in the dark and loud club music made it that much more fun for us! We had a blast singing, dancing, bowling and drinking away. It is pricier than other bowling alleys but I think it is well worth the extra cost. It's been about a week and I am still thinking about the Sunny Moon! I'm not really a beer drinker but that beer, vodka and juice mix was perfect!
4	Went here last night with some friends and had a great time! Pricing wasn't bad for what you get. Definitely better than other AZ bowling alleys.
4	Fun times!$1 games Monday nights starting at 9pm.There is a bar and a gaming area.Food is pretty good too.  Get the Nachos, it is large and tasty.Expect a wait and have at least 1 person show up early to get your lane(s).
4	I have been to the pro shop here many times to purchase new balls and equipment but I am in a league at Chandler AMF so when I brought my son here for his birthday it kinda felt like I was cheating.  It was a little pricey, $100 for 6 of us for 2 hours which was 2 games, but it was a Sunday afternoon so I can accept that. It's certainly not the stereotypical bowling alleys of the past with a bunch of old fat guys smoking cigars and talking about the weather. It's a really nice bowling alley for an afternoon with the kids. The lanes are great and the layout is very modern and spacious. The arcade is huge like a mini Dave and Busters.
4	We celebrated my BF's bday here and it has to be the best Brunswick I've ever been to. It was basically like a Lucky Strike or XXX, just a little more kid friendly. The bar was way better than the usual bar you see in your normal bowling alley. We were able to get pretty tipsy and play a couple of games of pool while we waited for our lane to be ready. Because the BF loves to sing we had the pleasure of giving the "pool hall" section a little show with our "Whole new world" karaoke duet (adlibs included :)). SO much fun. The service was great and we were checked on constantly by the waitress for beer pitcher refills and food. It was a little pricey, but nothing too outrageous. I would love to come back but it's a bit too far from where I live. I would recommend for all ages!
4	WARNING: If you bowl here, you may never want to bowl anywhere else again!We drive 20-30 minutes to bowl here, rather than the "other", closer places. We're not in any leagues but my family likes to bowl for fun 5-6 times a year and this is always the place we choose.Took the kids yesterday and did the $15 special for up to 3hrs bowling/shoe rental/personal pizza/soda/$10 game card--great deal!! We bowled/ate for 2hrs (kids lose interest and want to get to the arcade) and spent over an hour in the game room. The BUMPER CARS are the BEST! Especially since other bumper cars at theme parks/boardwalk piers often have a height restrictions that my 6 yr old doesn't meet and this one doesn't so he has such a blast spinning and slamming into his brother and his father ("watch that back, Daddy!") for $2 a turn.Even when we've gone to this place with adults, the setting, equipment, and service has always impressed. The food is even pretty decent for bowling alley fare (not quite Lucky Strike level, but good for the price). I filled up on the pretzel appetizer for my lunch while the kids ate pizza/fries (good fries; lotsa cheese on the pizza).Anyway, for all the love I throw at this place, I do have a couple of complaints:Prices are high (roughly $4/game; $4/shoes) but if you're not going during peak evening hours, there's always great coupon/bundle deals you can take advantage of, so this is only a half-complaint.Also, they don't post their league times online so occasionally we've shown up and they've had leagues going and therefore, we had to disappoint the kids (after that long drive, it's very frustrating!), so call ahead!While we love the arcade, I have to admit that many of the games are out of order and that can also be very frustrating for the parents/kids.
2	Came here and took my brother's family out for lunch plus bowling here.  My total bill here for bowling with 8 people plus lunch was $144.00.   They charge $3.50 for the bowling shoes, so that was a big ouch!All in all a good experience, but $144.00 for an hours worth? I think not.
1	Went tonight, and had an AWFUL time due to a few staff members. All went all right before the horrible encounter with a staff member named Christina (a server). Got there early to play some games, and then take up the awesome $7.99 unlimited bowling after 9PM. Christina came up very friendly and nice on her first trip over, but as soon as she realized we weren't going to rack up a large alcohol tab, she soon lost interest. After getting some water 10 minutes after we asked for it, we decided we felt bad not getting anything else to drink so we ordered a Shirley Temple, she brought that to us without even letting us know, she just put it down and left. After our friend finished her drink, she was ready for a second. We waited about 30 minutes before I finally had to go up to Christina to ask for more. As I walked up to her I get to see her sitting with some customers, on her phone. She rolled her eyes when I asked for a drink, and then proceeded to tell another server Stacy about how "rude we were for asking for a drink when she was clearly busy." As she is telling her, she points us out and Stacy rolls her eyes at us as well. We finished our games, and it was nearing closing time so you would think she would be getting her tabs ready, but no, she was flirting with more customers, sitting at their couches, and ignoring her PAYING customers. I then had to ask another server for our check, who happened to be Stacy, to my surprise she was at least friendly to my face. She was upset as well to see Christina sitting on her phone AGAIN! She made her get my check, and I gave her my money, and asked for change, because we were not going to give her a tip clearly. She slammed my change down and walked away without saying anything. That was the point I realized I needed to let the company know that they have a bad seed ruining their paying customers experience at an otherwise fun and friendly place. I then went up to her to check her name, and the other co-workers name. Her response was  said in an extremely rude tone, with a roll of the eyes and a smirk on her face. This was completely unacceptable. I would LOVE to hear from a manager from this location to discuss the poor behavior this employee displayed, as well as the poor experience that me and three others paid to have. My email is rebeccarwoods@aim.com. Please contact me.
4	Bowling AND bumper cars. We are hooked. Best bowling alley ever!
3	I took my family here using a groupon and it was just ok.  We tried to go on Monday however we arrived at 4:30 and the employee working the counter informed us that league play was going to begin at 5:30 so our hour would be cut short.  I was a little irritated with her "um, yeah sorrry" but whatever.  We opted to come back the next day to get our full hour.  When we arrived we were greeted by a very friendly gentlemen who provided us our shows and assigned our lane.  We were one of 3 groups in the alley and they placed us side by side instead of giving us a little space.  My wife asked for a glass of water that never came.  So the bowling was fun.  The service was marginal at best.  The lane assignment was awful.  Since we only paid $15 for 4 people for the hour including shoe rental I will go back again for the same deal.  I would never go there paying full price which is outrageous.
5	Always a good time. Told a lane would be 30 mins and by the time we went to the bathroom and back, our buzzer went off and we had a lane. Service was prompt for drinks and food. Not the cheapest night of fun ($80 for an hour and a half with no food), but definitely a good time.
3	99 cent bowling on Sunday morning is the only reason to go, or any of the other dollar deals. It's just too expensive. Kids like the game room.
3	We have been here several times and love the atmosphere and how clean it is, the kids also love the arcade. We have recently discovered that they offer $1 games on Sundays so it is all the more reason to go get our bowl on. Although I am still a fan of the old school bowling alleys this place isn't too bad ; )
4	What a fun night out!  My family had so much fun bowling and playing in the arcade.  All of the employees that we had contact with were very nice and our lane server Ryan was very good.     They offer bowling, a full game arcade with bumper cars, a really large bar area with pool tables.   Great time for adults or kids or families.  This was not a cheap evening so we cannot go regularly, but we will look for special priced days or weeknights to return.
1	Worst service ever. Everyone from the front desk to the service staff made you feel unwelcome and an inconvenience to their night.
1	What is this place?? What happened to the good old days of the dive bar bowling alley???  I want to drink beer, swear and bowl.  This place is so expensive and too many damn kids running around.
4	My Personal favorite bowling spot! They have a ton of lanes (double what a normal bowling ally would have). They keep their facilities always clean. Only downfalls is that it can get crowded but same can any other bowling ally, and they seem to be more expensive then any of the other bowling ally's around, but they are always having good deals so you can bowl for less. Defiantly recommend it if you are going to go bowling any time soon.
5	This may be the nicest bowling alley I've ever been to, ever.  I usually get junked out about sticking my fingers into the bowling balls and putting my feet in used shoes.  However, the place was so nice and clean I didn't even think about it (that much).When we grabbed our shoes I asked if we needed to place orders somewhere and they said a server would be by to take care of us.  No one ever came but now that I've read the reviews I think that was probably a good thing because it's expensive.  Can't wait to come back and grab some drinks at the bar, it looked really nice.
3	The bowling alley is definitely five stars-- its clean, well- lit, and well kept. I can tell this place is good, because we were surrounded by serious bowlers. However, DO NOT waste your hard-earned money in the arcade zone. This is a brilliant money-making scheme for Brunswick-- they give you an area to blow your cash while you wait for a lane to open up. We went through $40 on overpriced arcade games, and ended up giving all of our tickets to some children since all the prizes were cheap crap from China. We figured they'd enjoy it more.
2	Am I getting old, or is to too much to expect to be able to talk to people when I go bowling?We went on Saturday.  Brunswick Zone was pumping in music like their lives depended on it.  We waited 10 minutes for a lane, despite there being many open lanes.  I had called in advance and was told that lanes couldn't be reserved.  It was about 15 minutes after 1 pm when Brunswick inexplicably decided that it was time for Cosmic Bowling.  Their website says Cosmic Bowling is at 10 pm.  The music and the flashing lights were a recipe for a headache.  It was worse than the time we went to a restaurant to discover that it was Clown Night.  (Which for some reason meant patrons could allow their children to run around unattended and screaming, like a hoard of short mental patients.)  But I can't blame the children for the beating our eardrums took yesterday, because I couldn't hear them over the music.  Our lane broke down twice.  The staff was fairly responsive and did put back the lost minutes, but it was proverbial cherry on the cake of our Brunswick Zone experience.  The beer was cold.  The pizza was okay.  The place was clean.  The waitress was attentive.  Call ahead to make sure it isn't Clown Night.
5	Let's be perfectly honest upfront and state that this review is solely for the bar in Brunswick and to be perfectly specific about a WONDERFUL bartender by the name of Hazie. Arriving at the bar, Hazie greeted us and asked us if we wanted anything. We said no at first so we could converse with friends for a minute before making up our minds.  I convinced my friend to get a San Tan Mr. Pineapple as he had not tried it before. She immediately countered saying that a pitcher would be more cost effective in the long run if we were looking to have 2+ beers.  We consented and thanked her for the info.A little bit later we ordered food. It took a little longer than we'd hoped but we were with good friends and had great beer so we were fine with that.  The food came out, and without anybody having to ask for anything, silverware, ketchup, and a question if everything was all right ensued.  We said yes and began to nosh our finger foods.This is where the best part of the night occurs.  After drinking the pitcher of beer for a while, my friend and I were on our last glasses from the pitcher.  You know how that is. The last lukewarm part of the beer that everyone dreads in getting a pitcher.  Nay, good gent or gentlewoman. As I was standing a good 15 feet from my and my friends beers, out of the corner of my eye, I spy little bandana'd Hazie walk out from behind the bar with two frosty glasses.  I spy enviously at her, wishing my two beers were cold.  When all of the sudden she stops at our full lukewarm beers!  I watch, like a 1930s Englishman on safari, at the goings on to see this lovely gem of a woman pour my lukewarm beer ever so gently into these frosty glasses.  ::GASP:: A-MA-ZING!!!!  My friend and I never uttered any words about the beer being warm, to Hazie or anyone else in our party.  We never poo-poo'd at the beer. Hazie came on her own volition to make sure that what we were drinking was the best that it could be. I was stunned.  My boyfriend is an unbelievable bartender, and he was almost furious when I told him I had met his match at Brunswick.  BRUNSWICK YOU SAY?! Oh yes.  Oh, and by the way, she made me an unbelievable Pineapple Upside Down cake drink that was one of the smoothest, but beautifully alcoholic beverages I have ever had.  She is a gem.  I would go more often if I didn't live in Laveen. But next time I need a bar in that area, she'd better be there.
4	Trendy little alley just like any other AMF or Brunswick Zone only this one has an arcade and one side of the alley has couches for seats.
5	Bowling alley is very nice and has a bunch of lanes. I only go on Saturday mornings with my 6 year old son. .99 cent bowling from 8:30-10:30, if you have your own shoes it can be very cheap.  Its a fun bonding thing for my son and I to do each Saturday morning. If you wait and go around 10am, there could be a wait. We always go between 8:30-9am to avoid waiting for a lane.  Great experience!
4	Great fun for the kids! I took my daughter (9) there for "midnight" bowling and though it was late, it was still family-friendly. We had to wait quite a while for a lane but we enjoyed the arcade zone while we waited. A little pricey but she was thoroughly entertained. We'll definitely go back!
5	Very nice place to bowl. Clean, modern and affordable. The advantage bowling pro shop was excellent , and Jon (the owner) actually watched my game so I could choose the right new bowling ball.
3	This place is hit or miss when it comes to service, you either get a server who's super happy to help you, or the one like I had last weekend who avoided eye contact when she'd walk by and kept forgetting our ice waters (seriously, I had to ask 3 times). Food is mediocre, and the lanes on the left when you walk in are nothing spectacular. If you're lucky enough to score the couch size of the place, then you have a MUCH better experience. I've also never heard of a place NOT taking a DEPOSIT for a reservation. I've called many of times to try and reserve lanes and was happy to put down as much as they needed on a credit card to hold our lanes, and every time have been told "no we can't do that." That's insane to me. We've tried to plan family and friend gatherings and it's tough to tell people that we have to show up at 6pm in HOPES of getting a lane by 7pm (and if you have a big group, good luck getting 2 lanes next to each other). Also, I'd gladly pay a bit more to have the couches, but give people the option. The no reservations policy is silly and quite the turn-off to me (I own a business, this isn't a hard concept). If you just want to bowl and aren't worried about a wait time or where you're sitting, than this is the place.
4	How bowling alleys stay so busy - blows my mind. Is it just me, or every time I've ever tried to go bowling I get told "It's League night, so we only have 1 open lane and there's already a wait". Kudos to Brunswick and all the other bowling companies out there for keeping the sport alive. The same way the bowlers themselves are keeping 80's fashion and rolling ball bags alive.My fiance and I enjoy babysitting some of our friends' kids. We took a 6 and 9 year old here a few weeks back and i had to circle the lot for parking. Thankfully we were just headed to the arcade where there was not a wait. Decent selection of games. Forced to buy into a Brunswick card in lieu of coins and paper tickets like the good 'ol days. The kids repeatedly were looking down waiting for paper tickets to barf out of the machine only to see the little LCD screen by the card reader "12 tickets added to card" followed by a slouch and a sigh. We got dinner, which was fine. When i inquired about the integrity of the turkey club wrap, the cashier said she'd only eaten the chicken fingers and the pizzas. I then said "i remember high school" and proceeded to order the wrap sans mayo. The kids we were babysitting were taste buds with the cashier and raved about their chicken fingers and pizza. ! I must admit, they're putting the focus on the foods that probably make all the money so I can't really critique that. I'll be back, if for no other valid reason other than having $5.50 on a Brunswick arcade card and who knows how many tickets to redeem on chinese finger traps & laffy taffy. It will be mine... oh yes, it will be mine!
3	Decent bowling alley. Came here with a bunch of family over the holidays. We had a great time and the beer was cold. To be honest that's all I really care about at a bowling alley.
5	I gave my daughter a couple options when it came time to book her birthday party somewhere, and after researching online and Yelp, of course, I was confident when I said we could check out the bowling alley. We stepped one foot inside and YEP, decision was made. No "insert name of dirty, overpriced, kid pizza arcade" here!They have a Birthday Party office near the front door and I was given info on what they have to offer (same info online) and it was easy to call back to make arrangements. They offer parties on Saturdays and Sundays, two times each day. What was one reserved as "Midnight Bowling" back in my day, they do during the birthday party times so the kids get the excitement of black lights and neon...No boring bowling here. If space allows, there is open bowling going on at this time too. Cosmic bowling is where it's at!We opted for the party time on a Saturday, 11:15am-12:45pm and got the package that includes game cards for the arcade, glow necklaces for the guests, and a souvenir bowling pin for the birthday kid. There are many add ons that you can purchase which I initially skipped but on the day of the party we added wristbands for the bumper cars which allowed the kids unlimited rides.Our party host was Chloe and she was super nice. She had our lanes set up when we arrived, complete with name tags for each guest at their placesetting on the tables and shoes on their chairs. She took great care of us, made sure that we had everything we wanted, made an obnoxious amount of balloon animals for the kids, and hustled things along pretty well. An hour and a half isn't long, so she made sure to reserve a spot for us in the cafe area and out all of our items over there.If you opt for the package with the arcade games, keep in mind that the timeframe for the party will extend past an hour and a half. By the time we had finished with bowling, pizza, cake, and the dancing that they throw in, it was already time for the parents to pick the kids up and we had just gotten the game cards for the arcade. Had I known we would get them last I would have extended the time on the invitations so the other parents weren't waiting around.Birthday parties can get quite expensive, and after adding on extra food, a pitcher of beer (for the husband and friends), and wristbands for the bumper cars, I spent more that I originally wanted to but after seeing the excitement on my daughter's and her friend's faces, it was well worth it. We could have booked a party elsewhere and spent just as much but it wouldn't have been as much fun.
4	Went here on a Saturday night with some friends.  It was really crowded, lots of people on date night, families, and groups of friends.  There was an hour wait at 7pm so we headed over to the pool table to kill some time.  Decided to order some food.  The pool table price was decent $10 an hour and prorated if you leave early.  The food took some time, we got our lane and it didn't come yet.  We just told them our lane and they brought the food.  Bowling shoes were clean and lanes were nice.  The food was good..I mean you wont be expecting gourmet food at a bowling alley.  Satisfied Saturday night with some friendly competition.
3	My daughter needs some PE credits. So here we are having some fun and getting her credits.
5	We went to celebrate my sister in law's birthday. The event planning team was very responsive and helpful to make sure we booked the best option. Once we were there Sandra and Tracy really took care of us and even helped us book a little more bowling time because we weren't ready to call it a night. Would highly recommend this place!!
1	Only because to rate I have to give a star! The place is usually clean in appearance, but service is horrible. I guess the lack of effort is innate to this establishment. Have spoken with manager and it remains to be the same. I know there are other places but the person bowling bowling on a league.
1	Horrible service.  Terrible.  I will never bring my family here again.  They messed up not only our bday party but the food was cold and my brother got sick afterward.  I'm sure it was just a mistake but the overall opinion here is bad.
5	We went bowling with another family on Friday night... we had 10 kids and 6 adults and we got onto lanes fast and had a great time. The staff was friendly and the building is clean and inviting. Will definitely return!
5	Great place! Fun and friendly and worth coming back every week! Every night after 10pm is cosmic bowling! Lights are off except for lane lights!
5	Clean venue, friendly staff, and good food! Had lots of fun bowling here, and definitely will return!
5	One of the nicest bowling alleys I've ever been to and I'm an avid bowler! This place has about 25 lanes on one end and another 25 lanes on the other. They also have pool tables, arcade and a bar. Each lane gets their own waiter/waitress. We went on a Saturday night for cosmic bowling. It was good times for sure. I wish san diego had nice bowling alleys like this one.
1	I got a coupon so I decided to bring a group of 5 people here. We went to the service desk and multiple employees were just chatting and hanging around not helping the line of customers. We ended up waiting 45 minutes bowl and decided to go to the bar and wait. The food was nothing special and the bartenders were rude. Once we stated bowling we were supposed to have a server come to us but no one ever came. I had to track one down at the end to settle our bill and it took multiple times for her to get it correct. Won't be going back to this place. Would not recommend it. Terrible service.
3	came here to hang out with family, had a great time here. but i was hungry and leery about ordering 'bowling alley food'. the food was actually good here, and priced about the same as your regular restaurants outside the doors.
5	This has to be by far the best burnswick ever! It's ginormous with a huge game room and bumper cars in it! The bar is nice they have a snack shack that's like a restaurant almost and they cosmic bowling winter hours (today's the last day) are awesome! If you have kids and or wanna have somegood fun with friends this is def the place you wanna be! The drive is well worth it!
3	I'll start by saying we had a lot of fun here. We started out in the arcade room which was honestly the best part. They have a great selection of games! You have to start by loading money onto a card and the card tracks your 'tickets' from each machine. They have a ticket redeeming room with games and candy.The bowling area was nice and spacious for the most part, but our large group was stuck next to another large group and so we were kind of all over each other the whole time. We also had an issue with one of the girls working the desk. There was some confusion over which lane we were supposed to be in, she had told us one thing, then told another person in our group something else and then gave us a whole mess of attitude when we were trying to untangle the mess.On top of it when we attempted to pay it took about 30 minutes of them trying to figure out how much we owed and how to split it. It seemed pretty confusing and messy and wasn't a fun way to end the evening.
