3	Wife and I have been waiting for this place to open for a while! Well, On my way to class on Monday night. I noticed they were finally open!!!!! So when I picked my wife up at work on Tuesday, we stopped off here for dinner. Didn't really know what to expect? There is a wide selection from burgers, dogs, deli sandwich to pasta! You can make them any way you want. Place has a New York decor, with their TVs showing New York shows! One of the big screen is hooked up to time square LIVE!! Going back to the food! Wife ordered a cheese burger w/potato salad, I ordered a sausage and peppers sandwich w/fries. I also added a coney dog for us to share. We both enjoy hot dogs! Going back to my plate! The sausage was taste full, but I expected of a heartier sausage? Have more of a snap to it! The coney dog was great, chili was very good, and I have never had it with mustard? Why! I don't know? But it was really good. Wife's hamburger was OK, We have had better! Fries were good, but I like the fries that have their skin still on! Wife hates them!! We also decided to have a slice of chocolate cake with ice cream. I was not impress with the cake, Wife loved their chocolate ice cream, even though I ordered Vanilla! Their service needs work, I know this place is new and some of their help are young and new. So be patient and give them time, I will go back again in a few months to see if it has gotten better?
5	Just tried this place after seeing it listed on Yelp. Being a Jersey native myself I miss the North East Food, and some of the "NY" named restaurants fall flat on their face when it comes to living up to their name. This place surprised me in a good way. I had the Reuben to see how close they are to the real deal, and it was really good. I was going to take a picture but my phone was not agreeing with me. The menu has a lot of interesting sandwiches that I plan to go back and sample. I asked if they are doing Zepoli's and the owner said 'Not yet' which leave me optimistic. When all is said and done, I will be going back.
5	This place happens to be just down the street from me. Boy am I lucky! I have already been here several times. The reuben is out of this world! you can build your own pasta and it is incredible. they make there ricota fresh and goes great in the pasta. prices are very reasonalbe! Also serve breakfast and that is also very good. Highly recomend this place!! They also have a big screen with live feeds in New York which is really cool to look at while you eat.
5	I LOVE this place!  It's a great addition to Surprise!! Their breakfast is wonderful, I was stuffed, & it was reasonably priced.  Came back a week later for dinner, same.  Everyone loved their food. It's decorated so cute & they have a live feed of New York which is actually memorizing to watch.  Visit this place! Don't let such a wonderful establishment die out in Surprise!
4	What a great addition to Surprise!  Love their veggie burger and fresh cut fries!  I have also had a salad, which seems like a great idea because  you get to choose from from a large list of ingredients, however many of the fresh veggie are parboiled for pasta and are unappealing in a cold salad.  The staff are all very friendly and give great service.  You are warmly greeted at the door and the staff remembers that we have been in before, which makes it very homey.I will try their veggie lasagna next time I'm in.
4	Went in for a late dinner, at 7:30. Wanted to try the place because we like to support local business, and my husband and I are from New York (state, not city), so we wanted to see how authentic the food was. There were 2 other customers eating.  Place looks really nice- TV's are high quality, chandeliers add an interesting touch. My husband and I had a really fun time watching the live feed camera from NYC- good conversation starter! There were 3 people working- the owner and 2 others.  You give them your order at the counter- took a bit because they are obviously still getting used to the computer system and didn't know where certain buttons were.  Food came out fairly quickly- everything is made from scratch, I heard the owner/chef talking about it to the other customers- so considering we got our food in about 10 minutes, it was really good!  I got penne with marinara and ricotta added.  Pastas are $6.99, adding a meat is $2, and they have a whole bunch of veggies and cheeses that you can add for free!  Serving size was decent- I finished it all and could have used a roll or something more.  My husband's bread on his sub looked delicious and I kept stealing some.  He got the *?illy Cheesesteak (like how they don't call it Philly- I hate that town!).  He really liked it and ate the whole thing, which was a feat because it was pretty big and meaty.  I stole some of the meat, and it was cooked well, not fatty.  Very strongly tasting of peppers and onions.  They offer you a choice of cheeses- not the most 'authentic' cheesesteak around.  I wouldn't really say it's a Philly cheesesteak, but it was still good.  And the sub roll was great.  He got to choose a side, and he went with th fries, which were delicious!  It also came with a big pickle spear.We got a black and white cookie, and a brownie for dessert.  The brownie was good- soft and chewy.  The cookie was OK- tasted like it might have been a day old.  Also, the frosting was the hard kind- confectioner's sugar kind, not the fluffy kind you get at the deli's in New York.  I also ordered an espresso- I got the feeling not many people do bcause he asked me if I just wanted an espresso...and I was like, yeah, that's what an espresso is.  And they don't have any little cups, so I got it in a paper coffee cup.  BUT it makes a double shot, so he gave me 2 for the price of 1, which is $1!  Can't go wrong with a $1 espresso- cheaper than Europe!Overall, good experience.  I'll try a sandwich next time, as I think that might be better, though I did overhear the owner say he makes the lasagna from scratch- including the noodles.  We'll definitely be back to try more things!
5	The only downside to this place is the little bit.of a wait... BUT, its due to the fresh ingredients and fresh food. The cooks bring u your food. Hands down the best hot corned beef sandwhich in arizona. Have been a few times now and have not been dissapointed yet!
3	We have been three times and found the quality to be inconsistent.  Our first visit was the best and we thought the sandwiches and fries were absolutely amazing! Second visit was still pretty darn good but there were errors in the order and it seemed they might be working out some kinks.  Third visit, we tried the burgers and felt that we should have gone elsewhere, they were only ok and the toppings were minuscule, can we, just for a moment, pretend I'm paying for this???  The fries that were so wonderful on the first visit, ok on the second, fell to horrible on the third... They were limp, greasy, and had no seasoning! I should have known when I watched the chef turn them over to an assistant and she failed to give them the second fry, left them in the basket without tossing, and never even glanced at the salt or pepper sitting close enough to actually use.  Please work on quality consistency and ensure staff care about the food and customer as much as the owner and executive chef clearly do!
5	We decided to try New York flavor on a whim. I went in and did a take out order. The atmosphere was nice. It was kinda cool to see the people on the live cam on the streets of New York! My fiance ordered a New yorker. It was a 1/2 lb burger with pastrami and swiss. He did not realize it was a burger but it was delicious. The menu was a little confusing seemed to be all over... but overall understandable.I did the build your own salad. I really enjoyed the option of sizes and toppings. The large option was great it was enough for dinner and lunch the next day! Cant go wrong there!The prices were pretty decent, the gal behind the counter seemed a little irritated when i did not exactly what i wanted yet.... but there was no one behind me so its not like i was taking up valuable time. Overall we will definately be back for another round. And there homemade fries are delicious!
2	I'm not sure what the redeeming qualities of NYF are.  The quality of the meat was good, however the fries were soggy and I was dismayed by the slightly stale bread on both my girlfriend's and my sandwich.  The sandwiches were very reminiscent of what you would find in an "office building deli" rather than more typical joints I've eaten in NY.  Not exactly inexpensive either, about $51 for 4 people ($10 for an 11" sub).  Other than the names of the dishes, pictures on the walls and Seinfeld playing on the TVs, not sure what is so New York about it.
4	Great place to grab a good sandwich.  I was surprised they used brie, water cress, roasted red pepper, eggplant, and arugula among other unique ingredients.  Seinfeld is playing on the TV along with a live webcam of NYC.  Very unique place with very unique ingredients.  Love it!!
4	Enjoyed lunch here recently with 3 friends. The restaurant itself is beautiful--clean, open, and somewhat reminiscent of a NY style deli in the sense that you order at the counter and they bring it out to you. It would probably be a good idea if there is an "Order Here" sign to let people know that as it is a tiny bit confusing if people aren't used to the NY Deli way. LOVE the big screen with the live feed from Times Square. Great conversation piece!One word to describe the food is FRESH. Everything is made to order and is clearly made on-site which is a nice change. I had the Herald Square sandwich with a side of pasta salad. The bread was very fresh and the meat was sliced fresh when I placed my order. The cranberry sauce was very tasty and the greens on the salad were a nice addition. The pasta salad was well done, I just wish there was more of it than the little portion cup size! My friend had the Italian sandwich which was on ciabatta. It had a nice sauce on it and she had the potato salad which she felt needed salt. It was a dill style potato salad and wasn't overly mayonaisse-y.Other friend had a Chef Salad which was made to order with his choice of dressing. They had house made italian dressing which was nice.Third friend had a coney island hot dog. It didn't look to be anything special but he said it was one of the better Coney's he's had in a while! He also had fries which were hot, perfectly salty, and again, house-made. Love that.Two of us also had cheesecake which was quite tasty. Prices were reasonable and the portions weren't too big or too small. Overall, a nice addition to Surprise and the small crop of local owners that are springing up. Looking forward to going back soon!
5	Stopped by at the suggestion of my wife, and I am going to agree with her review, everything here rocked, but to me this place is an easy five star gem!   Surprise has a a Great NY Style deli with normal sandwich sizes and a good price point.  On my first visit I got an italian style sub called the Nautilus and the pasta salad on the side.  Wowzers!  The bread steals the show here on the sandwich, it was fresh, tasty and simply rocked.  The meat was generous and flavorful.  A win all the way around.The pasta salad left me wanting more.  I just found my new favorite pasta salad recipe ever!  Simply delicious!  The streaming NY web camera on the giant flatscreen panel was a nice touch and definitely makes the NY-AZ connection come to life.  So listen up Surprise, you gotta check this place out.
4	I tried this place for the first time a few days ago and I thought it was pretty good. I had a turkey on marble rye, with roasted red peppers and all the fixings. Overall it was pretty good. The owners are very nice also. The decor is clean and has a NY Theme to it. I can't wait to try the corned beef on rye.. They do have a lot of vegetarian dishes/sandwiches also..
4	I have now enjoyed several meals including breakfast and dinner at NY Flavor and each time gets better and better. I'm not ready to give them 5 stars, but the food is really very good and the service is getting there. I recently enjoyed an egg white omelet with vegetables, potatoes and toast. It was very good. They were out of fruit cups so I had watermelon which was just in season. The eggs were perfectly done and the potatoes were quite nice. The toast was unbuttered, which is good for me but they could have put some butter or something on the side so you didn't just have dry toast. That's ok. They are still learning.I also had a basil marscapone burger on another visit. It was quite delicious. The carmelized onions on top really added a nice sweetness and the bun was perfectly paired. I like my burgers cooked medium and this was perfectly done.As mentioned, everything is made to order and is wonderfully fresh! :) I love that. I do need to expand my repetoire of sides as I really do love the potato salad. Perhaps on another visit...perhaps even sometime this week. :)
5	This place is fantastic. Found it on Yelp and was so happy that I did. Their sandwiches are outstanding! The whole place has a very hip vibe to it that you do not find in surprise, and I really, really, hope that they open another location in Palm Valley. Family run restaurant, great food, great service, must try.
5	Continued visits, continued perfection!  My son confessed as we pulled into the parking lot this morning..."Dad, this is my FAVORITE deli!", and he genuinely meant it.  We got breakfast this morning and pancakes, french-toast, and eggs were all perfect!  With a nice cup of coffee it was a perfect morning with my boys.  The service is great, and whatever they lack in speed, they make up for in being nice, human, and normal.  It is nice to dine at a place that does not make their staff miserable, but rather friendly and approachable.  Particularly nice, the lady running the register today took the time to come out and meet my sons and talk to them.  Compare this to a place like Cracker Barrel where the only time they talk to you is when they slap the bill down on the table.New York Flavor - keep up the great work!  Your menu is EXCEPTIONAL and your chef did a great job on it.  The recipes are tasty and memorable, and we are looking forward to our next visit!
4	Good food and the people are great. This place is a winner!
3	the bagel and the schmear were fine.however, i can only describe the service as zombie-like.everyone else seemed to be enjoying their full breakfasts, so i'm sure i will be back if i ever have the occasion to trek out to surprise again.
5	We've become such regulars here and it's nice that our business is appreciated. We came tonight with my inlaws who we introduced to the deli about 2 weeks ago. They've been here 4 times since I first brought them. HA! :) And with coming here so frequently, I've challenged my son to try something new every time we come but he loves the Nautilus sandwich the best. So I tried the 34th Street sandwich. O.M.G. It's a turkey sandwich with brie, watercress, and poached pears with honey mustard on a kaiser roll. It was hands down the best sandwich I have ever had. Ever. Ever ever. My son tried to steal the other half from me and I almost stabbed him with my fork. Ok not really but he did try to steal the other 1/2. My father in law had the Philly Cheesesteak or as they call it ?*illy Cheesesteak. :) He really enjoyed it. So much so that he wouldn't share a bite! :) My mother in law had the Herald's Square. It's her favorite. I had it the first time I came here. It's turkey with cranberry on 9 grain. It's an excellent sandwich. The cranberry sauce isn't overwhelming at all and the turkey is fresh sliced. My mother in law and I also shared a piece of chocolate cake and it was moist, fresh, and oh so chocolatey. You could tell it was house-made. My son had his favorite cheesecake. Just love that cheesecake.The staff here is so friendly, whether you are a regular or not. They have really gone above and beyond to make people feel welcome and they've done well at explaining to people how to order. Looking forward to our next visit!
5	New to Surprise, lived all over and the best breakfast sandwich i ever had was in NJ, I went to New York Flavor this morning doubting I would ever find somthing that good again, to my Surprise (no pun Intended) New York Flavor made me a 3 eggs, bacon, cheese on a hero. Amazing! I will go back every day.
5	Just when I thought I couldn't love NY Flavor any more than I already do, Bill and Lynn along with Chef Craig top themselves again. Now they are offering a 10% discount to anyone who shows their PTA Membership card. So not only do they make delicious foods at decent prices and are the friendliest, cleanest restaurant in Surprise, they are embracing the community to help out our schools, parents, and kids by joining the ranks of the largest child advocacy organization in the country! What's not to love about this place???
5	We have been there an embarrassing number of times over the last couple of months and have raved about it every time. I am now working my way down the menu of vegetarian items but my favorites have been the Basil Marscapone Veggie Burger, Vegetarian Lasagna with a gigantic side salad, Pesto Pasta with choose your own topping (eggplant, roasted red pepper and portabella mushrooms). The veggie patties are made there and is a heavenly pillow of goodness between homemade buns. My husband loves the burgers and amazing breakfasts. The staff is incredibly helpful and friendly, and everything can be customized. They have delicious blackberry iced tea and a selection of high quality/gourmet beverages, deli sides, desserts and breads available. I love the decor, and would decorate my house with the gorgeous chandeliers. And that it is counter service, so remember to bring some cash for a tip!
5	Came in for dinner tonight and had decided before I got there that I was going to try the veggie burger after reading so many rave reviews about it in the newspaper reviews recently. Now I am not a veggie burger kind of girl nor am I much on beef either--I'm that weirdo turkey burger kind. This veggie burger was EXCELLENT and I would have it again in a heartbeat. The outside edges were a bit on the crispy side but the center was moist and delicious. My son enjoyed the ?illy cheesesteak which was outstanding...and my friend enjoyed the marscapone burger which is always out of this world. Both enjoyed the crispy fries while I had my tried and true potato salad. I kind of wish they would try out macaroni salad for a little while but maybe I'll suggest it to Chef next time I'm in. We'll see.Friendly staff, clean establishment, and have really grown to love eating here!  Plus--enjoyed my 10% PTA discount. Can't beat that!
4	I love this joint. As a proud New Yorker this restaurant makes me homesick. Sandwiches are great . Service is exceptional. Trying breakfast next time.
3	My first time here, very nice decor, friendly staff, the live cameras of New York was pretty cool... I had a chef salad and a little Italy sandwich with potato salad.. The salad wasn't bad pretty decent size for the price, sandwich was alright could have used more meat on it, the ciabatta bread was pretty thick so it was a lot of bread..my daughter had a Caesar salad that must have been pretty good she ate it all, lol...Over all it wasn't bad kind of pricey $27 for a lunch is kind of steep, but it won't stop me from trying it again..
4	Very good food but the side portions are too small, especially the cole slaw.
5	Because I've changed my eating habits and have successfully lost quite a bit of weight, I try to eat light for my mid-day meal. Today was an exception as Chef Craig wanted us to try out two special burgers...the Hawaiian burger and the Brie burger. My husband was able to try the Hawaiian last week, but this was my big chance and it did not disappoint. The Hawaiian is 100% angus beef (I get the 1/3lb burger) topped with delicious ham, melted swiss, avocado slices, thin sliced onion, tomato, mayo and crushed pineapple. I'm going to coin a 90's phrase that I feel is appropriate to describe this burger....orgasmic. Honestly. I felt the earth move when I bit into this burger. The creamy texture of the avocado paired so nicely with the sweetness of the pineapple. The saltiness of the ham was just right. It was sheer perfection between a sliced bun! The Brie burger is also 100% angus beef topped with thin sliced onion, tomato, sauteed mushrooms, and a slice of brie cheese. It is also amazing as well. The creamy yet tart flavor of the brie really lent itself nicely to the angus meat and even though my son likes his burgers grilled well done, it was still juicy and flavorful. I can't speak highly enough about NY Flavor. I can't wait to go back later this week to try something new!
5	As always, great visits to NY Flavor; wonderful hospitality, delicious, housemade recipes, and I can't seem to get enough. This review is on the Spanish Harlem and the Reuben sandwiches which I enjoyed this past week. The Spanish Harlem is a seasoned steak sandwich with fresh made chimichurri spread, tomatoes, red onions on a baguette. When you read this you think that this sandwich might have some kick to it. Unfortunately, that is not the case. Chef had to tone down the spiciness of this sandwich based on demand from the public. For me, this is a shame. When I see chimichurri spread, I'm thinking spicy and I want spicy. Don't get me wrong, this is a very flavorful sandwich. The steak is nicely seasoned and tender. The chimichurri spread, although not spicy, is a nice change to the standard mayonnaise spread you might get at other places. The veggies are fresh and crisp and the baguette has a nice outer crunch with a soft inside. I was just disappointed that this sandwich wasn't spicy. I could have asked for hot sauce or something to kick it up, but it is what it is. This sandwich gets 4 stars. The Reuben sandwich is one of my all-time favorite hot sandwiches. It is very important to me that it's done right and NYF does it right. What I also like about this is that they ask you if you want it made with 1000 island or with mustard. They also ask if you want it toasted or not. I am a corned beef girl with swiss, saurkraut, 1000 island on marble bread girl. That seems pretty standard to me and the way I've always had it but I appreciate that they are willing to make it to the taste of other lesser-known cultures who do it different. ;) The marble bread was fresh and perfectly toasty. It didn't get soggy either from the spread which can happen but perhaps it's because when I didn't give it time to get soggy either. The corned beef was spot on. It was fresh sliced, tender, and just the right amount of hot to get the swiss all melty and take the edge off the saurkraut. This was a 5 star Reuben all the way. So as I continue my journey through the menu at NYF, I still can't recommend enough your taking the time to come by and visit this little gem in Surprise. I LOVE locally owned businesses and I'm THRILLED that I can continue to give this place high marks. :)
5	Kudos!!!! Lunch on a late Saturday afternoon hit the spot!!!I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the Rueben so I had it yet again and the MM had a burger... My Rueben did not disappoint and the MM enjoyed his chili burger (he did think the chili should have had more kick).Ordered the fries EXTRA CRISPY WITH EXTRA SALT... And they were PERFECTLY WONDERFUL!  Not mushy or greasy... Mmmmmm.
5	The food and service are both outstanding! My husband had a traditional egg cream. The bakery items looked yummy--they are baked on site fresh daily and include a black & white cookie, cheesecake, brownies...I had a burger, it was delicious, and even splurged on fries...they tasted like fries you get at the fair in a cup; lots of salt and crispy goodness :) Authentic NewYork.
1	$10 dollars for a meatball sandwich with 3 meatballs... Less flavor than subway... New York delis are known for ample quantity that goes with the overpriced food... Here all you get is the overpriced food. To add to it they charged more than what was listed on the menu... Will not be going back... Worst dining experience in the Phoenix area yet... Stay Away.  Obviously they have a lot of friends posting on here as there is NO WAY this is worth more than 2 stars.
4	Great food! Takes a little bit to get it but it comes out hot and fresh. Owners are very friendly to the customers. Real potato French fries which are excellent!!!
5	It's time for my monthly NY Flavor update. I don't know if I could honestly admit how many times I've been here since my last review, but it's easily twice a week. I've enjoyed breakfast, lunch, and dinner here multiple times over. The staff is friendly, kind, and great stewards of the community. Saw them recently at a fundraiser to help build a local skate park making hot dogs! Yum!So, since my last update, I've enjoyed the veggie burger, Gramercy park breakfast sandwich, the South street. the lasagna. The veggie burger is truly amazing. I never in my life thought I would like a veggie burger but I absolutely LOVE this veggie burger--to the point of craving it! The house made black bean patty is mixed with beets, carrots, and some other stuff that is just downright delish. The Gramercy Park breakfast sandwich is eggwhites, turkey, and cheese on a kaiser roll. What's not to love about that? The South Street is a grilled chicken breast sandwich with corn relish and the usual set up of lettuce, tomato, and onion. I am not typically a fan of chicken sandwiches. Usually you end up with a rubbery hint of a chicken breast. This chicken breast is grilled perfectly--it's juicy, flavorful, and it fits the kaiser roll properly rather than just being a big dump of chicken between a bun. Finally, the lasagna. This is a meatless lasagna that truthfully, I was skeptical about. I make excellent lasagna and always have put ground beef and ground sausage and get rave reviews for years on it. This lasagna is better than mine. And it's meatless. And honestly--you don't miss the meat at all. Now if you have to have the meat, you can get meatballs and sausage on the side. But try it without first and see for yourself. It's absolutely amazing. Now, since my last update, NY Flavor has done a few changes to the menu. They've added fresh fruit cups, you can also add a side salad (for $2 more) to any dish, and you can get a 1/2 sandwich with soup OR salad. And you can pick ANY sandwich on the menu to get 1/2 size. The soup is excellent. I had the tomato and roasted red pepper bisque. It was wonderful. NY Flavor is going to be implementing some daily specials during the Olympics so make sure you stop in! And if you haven't become a PTA member yet, you really need to find a local school or contact me and I can help you join so you can get your 10% discount at NY Flavor for being a membership!
5	I am excited to go back and try everything else. The hubby had a burger and I had a turkey, brie, pear sandwich (34th st). I liked my sandwich, and I LOVED his burger! The menu is awesome! I am gonna go back and make my own burger with pizza toppings! :) the pasta salad is yummy too. Very very nice service!
5	In a word, "AMAZING!".  I could make this a very short review and just tell you that this New York style deli is my favorite restaurant so if all you need to know is whether or not you should visit, my short answer is a resounding YES.  If you want more detail, keep reading and I will try to share all of the reasons this restaurant is special.The foundation of New York Flavor is the people.  I can directly attribute many amazing elements at NYF to the people.   From the owners Bill and Lynn, to their Executive Chef, to their entire team - we have always been made to feel welcome.   So what do these people bring to the table?   Read on, because the people here create the atmosphere, the food, and the service!The atmosphere at NYF is casual and inviting.  No need to get dressed up, but you sure know that it is more than a hole in the wall.    Streaming video live direct from Times Square connects you to the inspiration and namesake, New York City!   There are comfortable tables and booth style seating along one side.  It can get busy during lunch rushes, but you can generally get a table no problem.  The nice touch of the chandeliers give the restaurant some additional personality.The food at NYF is the perfect mix of comfort foods (reliable, trusted, stand-by) dishes where you know what to expect as well as an amazing assortment of dishes where the unexpected delights you and keeps you coming back for more.  NYF did it right and has a Chef that brings some serious talent to the table.  Chef Craig has a number of dishes that show creativity that you just cannot find at a chain restaurant.  I credit Chef Craig for the fact NYF has some amazing burgers on the menu that are simply amazing!   There was a great review of New York Flavor in the New Times that gives a lot better detail than I can so you may want to read it.I am looking forward to when they start doing some Chef's Specials.  They just recently added soup to the menu and will be on my list of things to try.   New York Flavor is a gem right here in town!  ENJOY!PS:The Basil Mascarpone burger - Probably the tastiest burger I have ever had in my life.  Seriously.   An amazing combination of flavors - probably should have started my review with this burger.PPS:The Veggie Burger -  I never thought I would LOVE a veggie burger until I tried this one.  I tried it, and now I am a fan.  Be aware - this is not a Boca Burger, this is a seriously different, tasty and amazing veggie burger.
5	Great find! Had the best french toast and coffee there! Everything is amazing from breakfast to dinner. Perfect place to grab a bite for takeout or eat-in (love the decor)!
2	Walked in starving for a good sandwhich and some soup.  Menu was so unoriginal hubub and I walked out and went to Paradise across the way, which isn't all that great either.Nothing special here.
5	The food was outstanding and service was also great made me feel right at home.
5	We've been to NYF five times now.  I'm slowly working my way through the menu but I slipped and have had the rueben twice.  Make sure you ask them to toast the rye!  Their home made fries are terrific as well.Breakfast is very, very good.  Wife thought the pancakes were a little "doughy" but I liked them.   Ruebens are terrific.  The little Italy is great but the chibatta bread is thick and dry.  Wife has had both veggie sandwiches (don't fret, she still loves meat) and has loved them both.Met friends up there another time and one had the basil/mascarpone burger and loved it.  Can't wait to try that one.But the best thing?  It's a local restaurant, not a chain.  The owner is very friendly as is the rest of the staff.
5	Updating my review with feedback on a few menu items that are new to me or have been improved upon since my last review. I should also mention that NYF now serves beer and wine! They have a great selection of bottled brews and several wines to accompany your meal or even stop in for Happy Hour from 4-6PM Monday-Friday! Let's start with the Spanish Harlem as it has been perfected. In one of my previous reviews, I mentioned that it was just missing something kicky to really make the sandwich pop. Well, NYF found it. Chef Craig changed the bread to a wonderful jalapeno fiocaccia and it is now PERFECT and absolutely a 5-Star sandwich. The jalapeno fiocaccia is fresh, not too crunchy, not too doughy, and just the right amount of heat without overpowering the whole thing. If you are looking for a sandwich with a kick to it, enjoy the Spanish Harlem. Now, working my way through the menu, I've tried the following new-to-me items that are really notable. The Tribecca sandwich is a roast beef sandwich with carmelized onion and an amazing horseradish spread that is really remarkable. I am not a big roast beef fan as it tends to be kind of chewy and just isn't my favorite. This roast beef is tender, not chewy, not stringy, and is not too rare like it can be sometimes. This is served on a ciabatta that is also not too crunchy, not too doughy. The horseradish spread accompanied with the carmelized onions...now that is what sets this sandwich apart. The horseradish spread is not too horsey and the carmelized onions gives it a nice sweetness that offsets the spread's tang to make a marriage of flavors that is unforgettable. This is quickly becoming my new favorite sandwich.And now the salads. Usually I build my own but this time I decided to trust the chef and I tried the Southwest Caesar. The standout in this salad is the chipotle caesar dressing. What an incredible tang without being overly heated. The flavors just dance off of your tongue and the flavors in the salad pair so well with the dressing. The crunchy romain coupled with red onion, grape tomatoes, real bacon, fresh corn, real parmesan cheese and toasty croutons make this salad something special. If you haven't been in to NYF yet, please stop in and actually EAT the food. You'll be pleased with how good real cooking can be!
5	Great food and service!
5	I've not eaten at a restaurant with more pride in their food.  My favorite kind of pride, tasty.
5	What a great place to have in Surprise! I finally stopped by New York Flavor yesterday and was greeted with the friendly staff. I ordered the cheesesteak and fries and it was fresh and delicious! The atmosphere was great and I will definitely come back.
4	I was looking for a nice place that wasn't a chain to support in my new neighborhood.  I got the NYPD blue cheese burger.  It was good, nothing. To write home about, but prepared well and reasonably priced. The. Home cut fries were pretty tasty, you can tell they were fresh.  I was hoping they made all of their soups, but they don't. Over all, I would go back.
4	I had to try this place out considering its great reviews....I sampled the Basil Mascarpone burger, NYPD burger, The Classic breakfast egg sandwich, cheesecake, and the egg cream drink.The Basil Mascarpone burger was great.  It is served on a slightly toasted bun.  It is angus beef and excellent.  As for the toppings the portabela mushrooms, caramelized onions, mascarpone cheese, and basil chiffonade add some real flavors.  I really liked the burger and for $8.99 it is a steal for the ingredients.  My disappointment in my meal has to be the french fries.  I do not enjoy steak cut fries with the skin on them.  I really tried to add some flavor to them with salt, tapatio, and ketchup, but no luck.  My fault since you can get other sides, I just assumed the fries would be the best match.  The classic breakfast egg sandwich is basically eggs inside a large dinner roll.  OK a large kaiser roll with eggs inside.  That's it, nothing else to it.  Wish I could add more, but if you want additional toppings you have to pay more.  Also no sauce, nothing just eggs and bread.  Was not really thrilled with this choice, but for $2.99 I guess its OK?I say save your money and invest toward the Basil Mascarpone burger.  I would of for a 2nd burger instead of wasting space on this item.The NYPD burger was delicious.  Here is the toppings: blue cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, mayo and mustard.  If you like blue cheese this is your burger.  Not bad for 7.99, but I do recommend going without fries and pick another side with it.  The fries did have sea salt on them, but for me lacked flavor.OK so I sampled breakfast and the burgers, its time for a third course.  Made from scratch cheesecake.  I did enjoy the cheesecake.  It had a very thin crust, no crunch and nothing to take away from the cheesecake.  It is a very thick piece of cheesecake and because of that it is toward the dry side instead of the moist side.  It was very creamy and large, enough for two to enjoy. We also tried the egg creme drink which is milk, seltzer, and chocolate syrup.  It is basically  chocolate milk soda and is lighter, frothy at the top.  At 2.99 it was something to try since I never had it.  After having it not one of my favorite drinks so I could not recommend it.The location is very similar to a Subway in layout.  Restroom towards the back and a large counter that you order at.  The counter and drink stand, which hold coffee takes up one complete side of the restaurant.  The tables are positioned out for groups of 4 with a large fastback seat taking up the majority of the back wall.  2 televisions provide entertainment, 1 was dialed in on a earth cam view of people in New York.I believe it was Seinfeld on the other television during my visit.  I did miss happy hour which started at 4pm which I was told provides a discount on beer purchases.  Not quite sure if I would hang out here for happy hour since it does not have a bar layout.  I did enjoy the Basil Mascarpone burger.  It is on my radar as far as burgers go.  I however am still undecided if it is my burger of the year such as New Times states.  I guess I will have to re-sample it at a future date with any side as long as its not the french fries.
5	My name is Beth S and I am addicted to NY Flavor. That having been said, this is a review on the 2 recent catering gigs that I hired them to perform for me. First job was a dinner for the teachers at our school. We ordered spaghetti with salad and bread. It was BEYOND expectation. The sauce was awesome, the salad was beautifully done and the bread was still warm upon delivery! The teachers raved!The 2nd job was for my son's birthday party this past weekend. We ordered sandwich trays of all his favorites and not only were the sandwiches perfect but they were beautifully displayed and not just tossed on some sandwich plate. The salads were plentiful and delicious. Our guests were BLOWN AWAY about how delicious and well done the catering was and I am so glad we hired them to make my son's day special. Bill, Lynn, Chef Craig and staff are terrific. I continue to be impressed with their professionalism as well as how they treat everyone who walks in the door-whether it was the first time or the 80th time-like family. So lucky to have this small business in Surprise. :)
4	Very tasty, great variety of sandwiches and make-your-own combos.  The eggplant parm sandwich was a little skimpy on the filling, but great flavor.  Something a little more unique and special than your typical chain sandwich shop.
5	Still love the Basil Mascarpone burger. I though I would be over it.....Nope still in my top 5 burgers.  Whats great is that it is local, the staff is super friendly, and my kids love the place.I really feel like the owner/staff appreciate us eating here.  I also like that they make excellent burgers.  My kids actually suggested a dinner stop here, since they liked the food so much last time.  Yes they rather have New York Flavor than some happy meals.  We also tried the black and white cookie, which is a fresh, large, chocolate and vanilla circle of goodness. Yes you might get a sugar rush and I suggest sharing, it is large.  Plenty of cookie for 1 adult and 2 kids :) Instead of fries, I tried the pasta salad which was  more my style.  Next time potato salad is in order, might as well try all of the sides.  What a great cafe type restaurant for Surprise.  I hope that more people can enjoy all the freshly made menu items.  I think it is rare to have all the baked goods, cake, cheesecake, cookies, etc. be made in house.
5	Visited for the first time today and the Basil Mascarpone burger was excellent.
5	I rank the Basil topped mascarpone burger right up there with the a burger from Fez as one of the BEST burgers in the Phoenix/Metro area. Oh my, what a great combination of flavors. This is a burger that is worth driving out of your way for. My husband got a sub, although it was just ok, the meat on the sandwhich was of very good quality. Next time he will get the burger! I don't know if I can ever try some other menu items as the Rueben which I want to, but the burger is just THAT good.
5	I still enjoy the Basil Mascarpone Burger.  What a deal for $8.99.  For the ingredients it is a deal.  Just stay away if you are still on your New Years Resolution of dieting.  I will now consider New York Flavor my cheat day of the week.  When I am eating my celery and carrots during the week, I dream of the Basil Mascarpone Burger on Friday: cheat day. :) So in other words I do still rate this burger as one of my top picks.  They also have great sandwiches and I am sure one day I will try one, once I get tired of eating the Basil Mascarpone Burger.  I suggest you have one when you are out in Surprise. If you really want to treat yourself have a slice of cheesecake. Nothing like made in house desert.  Basically everything here is made in the kitchen.  Enjoy :)
4	Great little location for a quick bite to eat.  Very casual and you order at the counter.  I got the Basil Mascarpone Burger that everyone has been talking about and it is fantastic.  I will definitely go back for more.
4	My husband had been bugging me for a while to try New York Flavor.  I finally gave in and let him take me there for lunch.  It's a small place in a strip mall in Surprise.  You order your food at the counter then seat yourself.  Your food will be brought out to you when it is ready.  I ordered the Basil Mascarpone burger.  It was a good burger, but I think that the patty lacked a little seasoning.  I had my burger with a side of pasta salad. I would be interested in going again and trying something different.
2	The first time we went we thought it was "OK" The second time we thought hmmm not as good as the first time. We went today for the third time. It dropped again. INCONSISTENT food. Service has gone to horrendous. No one seemed to know what to do or what anyone else was doing.The owner (bald guy) has every sign that the business is wearing him out. Nice guy just whipped by the restaurant. Best of luck to a non chain / independent operator you just need to get it together. See it from your guest view point.
2	This was my 3rd time there, the first 2 times was about average. Today I ordered a burger med well and it, came out med-med rare and it looked as it had been sitting under a heat lamp waiting for other food. The fry's were cold and way over cooked. My wife's fry's were hot but under cooked. Don't expect customer service once you get passed the front counter.  The 4.75 star rating that is has should be 2.75 for a burger joint/ sandwich shop. Not my first choice, by far..... The owner is really nice, but it's a little place and way over rated to say the least.......This place, and as for most Restaurant Reviews on yelp are rated way to high......As for NY Flavor.... there wasn't much there.........They made me another burger, I took it to go and got home and it was cooked the same way.. Med- Med Rare..... I like my burgers Med Well............not that hard to do.......
5	OMG try the Basil Mascarpone burger, best burger you'll ever have! need to go back ASAP
5	My husband and I went here for breakfast, it was so good! And very affordable! We love trying out smaller restaurants & supporting small businesses. You will not be let down here. Fast and friendly service too! Can't wait to go back and try lunch & dinner! Everything looked amazing!
5	Great good and friendly people. We got the chicken Parm and meatball sub and they were amazing!! Nice place.
5	Yeah, so I'm a regular here at the restaurant and having tried most of the offerings on the menu, I was so pleased to be greeted with a SPECIAL today--PULLED PORK SANDWICH! Now, those of you who follow my reviews know I am not a real big BBQ fan. I tag along with husband and son who love it when they are in the mood for BBQ but it's just not my favorite cuisine. In addition to the pulled pork special, the soup of the day was roasted corn and poblano chili chowder. O.M.GLet's talk about the chowder first. I am a HUGE soup fan. I gauge the quality of a good chef by their soup. Chef Craig has a real winner with this one. It's got just enough texture to be chowder-ific but it's got a nice velvety smoothness to it that you aren't expecting. The poblanos add just enough heat to give you that little OOOH when you taste it but not so much to turn you off entirely to the soup. And don't take my word for it...the next 4 people after us ordered the chowder and while we were there, at least 3 people came in to order quart size take-out versions of it! This soup was truly a religious experience so much that I may have seen Jesus while eating it. Can I get a Yum Yum from the congregation? And now the pulled pork special. The pulled pork absolutely melted in my mouth. The housemade honey bbq sauce was just the right amount of sweet and tang to compliment the pork and not overpower it. The coleslaw on top added a perfect amount of crunch served on a buttery sandwich roll that is light, flaky, and oh so yum. You can get your choice of side and hubby, son, and I each had something a little different. Son had the coleslaw on the side, hubby had the pasta salad and I had a side salad. My son called the sandwich "sublime". I didn't even know my 12 year old had that $5 word in his arsenal! Hubby was so quiet that I couldn't gauge what he was thinking until he smiled that blissfully satisfied smile when he finished that I knew, this was a sandwich among sandwiches. He promptly called Bill, the owner, over and shared his rave reviews.  As always, the service is friendly, prompt, and makes you feel right at home. Everything here is made to order and the joint is jumping with Spring Training happening right around the corner at Surprise Stadium so expect a crowd when you come. Quality food takes time--and this place is worth the wait!
5	Although I'm  big fan of the Southwest Caesar salad as it is my go-to lunch here at NYF, I tried the NYPD burger today. Your choice of 1/3 or 1/2 lb burger on that buttery bun with the smokiest blue cheese crumbles I've ever had. It was delicious! I love that everything here is made to order and to your specifications. I love that the staff is friendly, courteous, and go above and beyond to make your meal special. The new menu boards are up as well and they look fantastic! Plus--did you know about the kids' menu? Yep--NYF now has kids options as well! From kid faves like Mac N Cheese to hot dogs, sliders to chicken fingers, this menu offers some great kid size choices for even your finickiest little New Yorker. Oh and if you follow them on Facebook, they will run Facebook specials from time to time to keep things interesting. All in all, a very fun mom-n-pop restaurant tucked in to Surprise that you don't want to skip!
1	Walked in for lunch, nice cozy little place.  Wasn't expecting much, but the food was so salty, I had to gulp it down with water after each bite!!  $10 for 3 little meatballs that seem to be made of fat!! was really not worth my trip.  Don't order the meatballs if you come here, but I won't be returning anyday soon!  and I don't recommend them to anyone.
5	Simply amazing! Had the Egg Plant Parmesan & it's the best I've had in a while!
3	Nothing SpecialIt is just ok, more a place for lunch than anything elseCost $25 for (2) sandwiches and (2) cokesAfter reading all the 4 star reviews I was disappointedI will go to Subway next time, not much differenceIf you like fresh cut fries it may be worth the visit as they are good
4	Great casual breakfast or lunch place. Build your own pasta is great, the ingredients are fresh, the marinara is simple but delicious. Seinfeld is playing all the time and it has a relaxed atmosphere. The owner is always around and is very nice and friendly. Can't go wrong with the breakfast here either. Good sized portions, but not so much that if goes to waste.  Nice non-chain option, which is rare in Surprise.
5	Now serving cod cakes on Friday night...ok you had me at hello! You get 2 pan fried hand made cod cakes, coupled with the awesome fresh cut fries and house made cole slaw partnered with some super yum tartar sauce for $9.99 is just about as close to heaven as you can get. This is a special though for the month of June so come in while it lasts. The cod cakes are panko crusted with fresh cod inside and are just about as tender and flaky as you could possibly want. The fresh cut fries are crisp, hot, and perfectly seasoned. The coleslaw is not too saucy which I like. Of course all the other standard menu items are available too--even breakfast--so there's something for everyone! Oh and if you haven't tried NYF yet and want to--go on Monday from 4-close as you'll get 20% off your entire bill during the month of June!
3	Meh, no way is this place style and taste of NY. That being said it is not bad per say just not NY great. Everything was just okay. My one friend had the pastrami and it was okay. Bread store bought tasting. My other friend had the Turkey, Brie and Pear sandwich. He said it was really good. I noted however, it said it came on a Kaiser roll. Ummmm, no that is not a NY Kaiser roll. I had the Chicken Parm which was not bad but not NY great. I also ordered a side of meatballs. The meatballs were pretty good but for some reason they came to the table cold. Hhmmmmmm! The black and whites are okay I guess just due to the fact that they have them but they are hard and not "cakey" like NY style.The Cheescake is not that good either. I don't even think they have Cannolli which makes no sense to me being a NY place. Maybe they were just out when I dined there. Oh well. I did think the people working here were very nice and I like their points card deal. Great idea. I live 40 miles a way so I won't be back any time soon. My friends live down the street so they might.  I would go back to try other things if I lived close by but not for the NY supposed style of the food. They said they have a Tempe bakery make their bread but the bread is not that great. They did have other types on the counter like Cinnamon Raisin and Challa. The Challa did not look like any Challa bread I have ever seen in NY. Maybe that is better than their Marble Rye or Kaiser????? Not sure.
5	Exceptional sandwich shop, Family run with great service.  Fresh bread and ingredients made to order. Mascarpone is Must try.
5	Absolute best of Surprise by far. Bill is an AMAZING AMAZING person and he is so personable every time we come in. The marcapone  isn't something I would really eat until Bill said TRY IT. I was so impressed and I crave it every day now. I love the new york and italian feel (Being both of these and being stuck in a concrete jungle this place is huge for me) I try to make it in every single weekend! They are so great with my kids too! I have been a true loyal customer since I have been a resident of Surprise... If I was ever to move back to PHX I would still come for my fix...
5	My wife and I love this place. Its a great little restaurant with an awesome chef and staff. I had the new yorker gourmet burger and my wife had the meatball hero. The food was amazing next time I'm trying the blueberry pancakes. Keep up the great service
5	New York Flavor is right around the corner from my place and I love going here.  They have the best food and the nicest service.  As many of the reviews mention, you must try the basil marscapone burger on your first visit.  It's what they are known for and is a great treat!
1	Had hot pastrami, fries and ice tea, hubby had corned beef, fries, and ice tea! It was $26.00, the sandwich was dry, we both ate half and threw rest away! I felt like I had been robbed, so many other places would have been better,  even Archie's deli loads you up with meat!  I won't ever go back learned my lesson new places are always a risk!!!!!!  The French fries were soggy like they warmed them up! The bread was just that bread not toasted or anything I could have made a better sandwich at home with maybe mayo since I can't eat mustard but was offered nothing!!! Bread and a little meat , no excitement there!
5	Still my favorite deli in Arizona.  And the 50 states.    The prices are reasonable, the food is delicious, and I am a big fan of counter service.  Much preferred to me to be able to order and have the food brought to the table.  It just works for me!  Between the creative and delicious food, and the fact the owners are genuine caring people, and the talent they have assembled, I can honestly say this is the best value for your dining dollar in the state.  Despite eating here often, I am still finding new dishes, new favorites, and trying new specials that are offered.  If you are lucky enough to try "The Floyd" - named after some great regulars, then you have had one of my favorites! Enjoy!  I can honestly say I love everything on the menu.  They will make it the way you like it, so speak up about how you want it done, they want you to be happy.    Also, be sure to try the Basil Mascarpone Cheeseburger at some point.  It is an award winner!
3	Very good sandwiches at this local surprise gem. I liked everything about this place and the service. Food came out hot and on point. The cheesesteak was good, the Spanish Harlem was good, the pastrami burger was awesome. My only gripe was that the fries could have been cooked a little more because they were semi flimsy and chewy. Also the soda machine wasn't adjusted right. All in all I would suggest this place to my fellow yelpers and this is closer to a 4 star place than my rated 3. Enjoy!Ps. Don't forget the excellent sponge cake cheese cake
4	Delightful place. Rice pudding is creamy not too sweet and  delicious!  I'll be back to try more.
1	After reading the reviews of others who had eaten here I wondered if I had eaten at the same place. Being a lifetime New Yorker, is sound of this place attracted me. Took the plunge and wasn't impressed.Ordered the pastrami sandwich, my guests had vegetarian sandwiches.Reading other comments about the great pastrami, I now realize that these people have never had real NY pastrami !!This pastrami was NOT what I'd call authentic, microwaved dry corned-beef would be a more appropriate description served on institutional bread and ugh yellow mustard??.Fries ok, pickles ok.As far as my guests' meal, hard to ruin a veg sand, on institutional bread. Chompies and Archies Deli need not worry, I'll burn the gas to enjoy quality.There's No Flavor of NY here.
4	The food was delicious, the service was excellent and the staff was very friendly. The all experience was pleasant, eat good food and felt comfortable eating in. I do recommended if you looking for good burgers or delicious sandwiches!!
4	I ordered the basil burger and it was very juicy and well-cooked. The onions and mushrooms were not too soft. I actually enjoyed the little pasta salad that came with the meal. Expect to spend $10-15 for lunch. Also, they have a rewards program that is worth joining. You get a $15 credit for every $100 spent. Not bad!
5	After we've live in surprise for over a year, we tried New York Flavor and have found our "regular" place. Service was exceptional! The food is fresh and flavorful. We had breakfast here and came back to try lunch the next day. We had a submarine sandwich- can you say DELICIOUS!
5	Sooooo good!  Usually get build your own pasta or salad... Always the way I like it and delicious!  Still need to try their burgers but I'm sure that will be just as good.
4	Love everything about this place except that it's not in Goodyear.
4	This is  a great little deli with a large menu.  Breakfast is available, fried eggs, potatoes etc. that is unusual for a place like this.  Not sure it is all that authentic but they have hot pastrami and corned beef.  Product seems to be above average but what really made me decide to make a return trip was the service.  Very friendly and helpful.   Seems to be a popular place.
5	Had the nautilus sub, was HUGE and delicious. And a veggie burger, that was SO yummy and chucked full veggies. Great potato salad & the fries are fresh cut!! GO! Such an original.
5	Very good food but even better service. They are very nice and so helpful.  Unassuming type of place that is very clean.  Loved it.
4	This little deli is in a nice strip mall alongside bell alongside a take out pizza place. There is a large flat screen television the minute you walk in that shows actual live footage of Times Square in New York.  The other television features old episodes of Seinfeld, and the third one shows sports. Yes, they have all bases covered for ambiance!They have a large variety of deli sandwiches. Their Reubens are one of the tastiest around in my opinion. They also have lunch specials too where you can get a half sandwich and soup or salad like most lunch places. The chicken parm sandwhich is also very good to try! I Even though I'm not sure if it's on the menu, I always order a tuna melt and they're always very friendly and accommodating about it. What people don't know is that they serve breakfast here too! In fact, they serve breakfast all day long! My coworker and friend love it so much, that they always order the pancakes. Fair warning though - if you order the pancakes, there's so much of them that you'd better come hungry!
4	Gosh Damn, the food here has so much personality. They range from subtle and savory to bold and tasty with every bite. The best part is that they're in the west valley, this is the real deal folks. If you're near, this is a must stop even if for just a quick snack. Minus one star cause I can't afford to eat here as often as I would like.
5	Great Deli Food! I've been here three times and the food is amazing and great quality. The Staten Island (sandwich) come with delicious slice of fresh mozzarella, creamy like butter. I tried a special called the Kramer, chicken breast on a pretzel bun with cheese sauce, wow....but..My favorite is the Spanish Harlem! You won't know whether to eat it or make love to it.The only negative is that their sides are a little on the small side, but it's no hiccup for me. Go try it, now!
5	Tried this place tonight and loved it. My husband and I shared two different sandwiches. The cheese steak which was good, but the Spanish Harlem was FANTASTIC! Their french fries are fresh cut and were great with malt vinegar.  Our son tried the Nautilus, he got half and couldn't finish it, he's 9.The had cool lights and decor. A live feed from New York City on a huge screen as well.
4	We decided to try this place out today for something new. I had the Challah French Toast, it had good flavor but was very mushy in the center. My husband had the Spanish Harlem, and he loved it. The pricing wasn't to bad so I am sure we will be going back to try some other stuff.
5	My experience at New York Flavor has always been a GREAT ONE! I have enjoyed many different types of food. From sandwiches, lasagna, hotdogs, hamburgers, and my favorite meal BACON!!!!Please listen to me go to NYF if you are craving deli with a bit more variety
4	Found this on good Ol' Yelp while passing thru town. They have lots to offer as we had a hard time deciding. We both got sandwiches, a Italian and Pastrami. Both were big and very tasty. The soft fresh bread really makes a sandwich ! Very clean and super friendly service made it all the better. I would stop here again if passing thru !
5	I wish I lived a little closer!We were in the area for a Craigslist deal and decided to get some food.  We ordered the Philly steak sandwich to share and some fries.  The sandwich was gigantic so its good that we did!  Its more like a french dip sandwich but the meat is good and flavorful.  Had some peppers and onions that weren't overcooked and added some crunch.  The bread was flaky and soft.  Fries were also cooked perfectly with just the right amount of salt.Its really a neat spot with a live feed of Time Square and old Jerry Seinfeld episodes.  They also serve beer and have all kinds of beverages and desserts.  Would definitely come more often if it was in my hood!
4	Try the egg salad sandwich! You won't be disappointed!
4	I had the Basil Marscapone Burger.. Yummy!!!  It was very tasty and had the perfect amount of gooey goodness.  I'd go back.
5	Amazing and delicious food! Plus the customer service is top notch.  I will be returning again and again.
5	My favorite breakfast spot hands down! Great Prices,  made to order quality food and friendly service.  I need to try their burgers cause I heard they are very good. Surprise is luck to have this!
5	I love this place for being VEGETARIAN FRIENDLY!!!   Stop the presses and don't cook dinner, just go here.  If you're living really far from here, fill up your gas tank and make the drive!  The Owner and staff are awesome. Food is some of the best I've had and it's good quality.  Yes, I'm a vegetarian and I also bring some of my meat loving friends who also enjoy it. I can't say enough about this restaurant and the only complaint I have is I can't afford to eat there for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
5	I fed 5 people on Wednesday for $30.  Since kids eat free on Wednesdays (kids menu) it wasn't bad at all.  We tried the basil mascarpone, the NY burger, and kid meals...Burgers were delicious and the fries were good.  Kids meals are a bit small but you can't beat a free meal on Wednesdays.  I've had breakfast here and it's very good too.  My hubby is from NY and he really likes the attention and care the food gets. Food is great!!!
4	Solid 4 stars for sure. Yelpers led the way in my decision to come here. We were working in surprise and looking for someplace to go when this place was found. Clean business, friendly staff, and since we were after the lunch rush plenty of seating. I ordered the bbq burger with a side of fries. I have zero complaints!!  Burger was cooked as requested and had great flavor. The star of the show was the fries as far as I am concerned. I could have eaten twice as many as I got, and I got plenty. They were great. If I am ever in the area and need some food I am for sure coming back. Beats Buffalo Wild Wings or some other chain that is flooding our neighborhoods.
4	After being to almost every decent restaurant in Surprise, the beau and I wanted to try something different. So it was a nice SURPRISE (haha get it?!) that Yelp led me to this neighborhood gem.Being a native New Yorker, it was nice walking into this deli and seeing Times Square on the wall and photos of the Flatiron building. It reminded me of home. We ordered the BBQ burger and a Philly Cheesesteak. The BBQ sauce on the burger was amazing and the fries were crisp. The potato salad was OK and the Philly cheesesteak was a bit salty.Other than that, New York Flavor has become one of my favorite restaurants in Surprise. I plan on coming back and trying the Basil Mascarpone burger next!
5	What a surprise to find a gem like NY Flavor in a strip mall in Surprise, Az..lol..and thank you again to Yelp or I'd never find this place. We were in the area on business and I went to Yelp to see what had high ratings, hence my visit to NY Flavor.When you enter this place there is NY everywhere on the walls. From a big screen shooting live feed from Times Square, to photos on the walls. From the Yelp reviews I heard the Basil Mascarpone Burger was voted New Times top burger a little while ago. Ok I had to order that..I like places where you order at the counter, then they bring it out to you. We waited about 10 mins or so for the food to come out. I ordered it medium which it was perfectly prepared. From one bite this burger was legit! I'm not really a fan of onions, but these carminalized ones were awesome, along with the mascarpone sauce, this burger was a flavor explosion. Man it was good. The bun it was served on was some sort of sweet bun, just to add to perfection. To top off the experience the fries were just as good. I saw them cutting potatoes in the back, they basically fry fresh patoes slices  I don't know what oil they use but they were also very very good!Overall was this the best burger in Phoenix. I bet if Guy Feri was here she would say yes, but i like so many places. Don't know if I'd call it my favorite, but top 3 is easy to say.lol. Anyways, excellent joint and Surprise residents should feel lucky this is in their neighborhood.
5	Was out this way for a class and tried this place for lunch, amazing food and wonderful customer service! Everything was made in house and you could tell!
1	Worst chicken Parmesan I've ever had. I asked for sauce on the side. Dish came out w penne pasta and a very strange looking piece of breaded, clearly pre-made, pre-frozen piece of chicken. I stated "I've never seen a chicken Parmesan without melted cheese on it".  Cook said to me "do you want some parmesan?" I said no, I wanted some mozzarella melted on it. I watched the main female cook throw some cheese on my dish, put it in a microwave and re-serve it to me. To say the chicken why dry and hard would be an understatement. I've eaten here before and I will tell you, stick to the sandwiches or salads. My husband had the lasagna, also a microwaved hot mess, although very flavorful. I don't know why a broil devise is not being used? When the male cook brought my dish back to me I should of just refused it. I would of been embarrassed to give this to a customer.
5	When you walk in you see just a coffee shop but behind what looks like a barista station they create wonderful food. Friendly service, owner came by to ask if all was well, love that. We had The Central Park breakfast and an order of Banana Nut pancakes. Eggs were great bacon crispy,  and 9 grain whole wheat toast (which you can perchase a loaf) was fantastic. The best thing though were the Banana Nut pancakes. Can't wait to go back for lunch and dinner.
3	i'd heard about this place a bunch and couldn't wait to go try it.  i have to say i was a bit overwhelmed by the menu, i wish there wasn't so many choices cause it made my choosing very difficult.  i ended up getting a burger that had pastrami on it (the new yorker) and it was REALLY good.  the meat quality was really good and they cooked it rare just like i asked.  i keep wanting to go back and try other stuff, it's just not very convenient for me to go to, but i will again soon!
4	Mickeys cheesy eggs are the best!  Just been here for breakfast three or four time.  Food always good, timely, and the people are great!I need to come back for lunch/dinner.   This is a good place.
2	This place is okay, we ordered take out.. I ordered their famous basil mascarpone burger and my husband ordered their corned beef sandwich.. My burger honestly didn't have any taste to it.. And his sandwich was just okay and the sides are very small, you basically get like 10 French fries. Not worth the $22 bucks that we spent.
5	I was looking for a new place for lunch near work. Read about it on Yelp. We decided to give it a try. What a hidden gem. I took the advice of another reviewer and tried the basil marscapone cheese burger...WOW!!! It was really good.  After ordering, that wasn't the last time we saw the gentleman behind the counter, either. He came out, said hello, asked us if everything was good. Really really nice guy. Will definitely go back again.  Can't wait to try their homemade desserts.
3	We stopped here after we got into town for vacation.  I got a chili cheese dog and fries. My boyfriend got the NYPD burger and fries.  The chili cheese dog was good (nothing over the top to rave about) and my bf thought the burger was excellent.  He loved that the blue cheese topping actually had chunks.   The fries weren't that great though.  Very greasy and very soggy.   If they were crispier they would be much better.
5	Great food!! Had the Staten Island sammie on fresh baguette with perfectly prepared skin on fries and they were cool enough to accommodate my sandwich modifications (add arugula and pesto.. Which btw made the sandwich amaze) without the usual sigh of disdain... The management and staff were very attentive and welcoming which in my mind totally sets them apart from other shops... This place is a total diamond among the boring chain eateries of surprise :)
4	I had passed by this place numerous times over the past few days.  I had also read that they had a burger that had won "Best Burger in the Valley 2012".  I looked up their website and saw that it was the Basil Mascarpone Burger.  It sounded very interesting so I decided to come down and try it out.I walked into the joint and there was only one other customer in there who was talking with one employee.  The nice lady behind the counter asked me what I wanted.  I ordered the Basil Mascarpone Burger cooked medium and fries as my side.  That and a drink came out to around $12.00.  I took a seat in front of their gigantic TV and started to watch the game.  About 10 minutes later, my burger was ready and they brought it out to me.  Here is how it tasted...........Basil Marscapone Burger-  This thing looked delicious!  The smell of the basil was very fragrant.  This burger comes with a 1/3lb patty, a nice artisan bun that is smeared liberally with mascarpone cheese, tomatoes, roasted portabello mushrooms, carmalized onions and then its namesake,  little ribbons of basil.  I took a bite in and got all the flavors at once.  The burger was cooked a perfect pink medium and had a great beefy flavor, the onions were sweet, the cheese was creamy, the mushrooms nice and tender, the strips of basil very pungent and delicious and the bun was soft yet held everything together.  This burger IS a messy one.  It is piled high and totally worth getting your face/hands/shirt dirty.  Just dig in!  I could see how it won "Best Burger".  It was definitely unique and definitely tasty!French Fries-  The fries were decent.  They could have been a tad more crispy.  They were thick logs of hand cut potatoes.  They reminded me of a cross between Five Guys fries and my moms homemade fries.  They needed a little bit of salt too.  They weren't bad, they just weren't that great either.  I will definitely be back for another one of these burgers in the future.  Their other menu offerings looked great too. They also serve breakfast all day.   It's only about a 5 minute drive from my house,  so I guarantee I will eat through some of their menu.
3	We give it a 3 because the service was great, the place is clean, and they clearly have something goin for them with all the awards they've won, BUT...... Breakfast is NOT their strong meal. Don't recommend it for breakfast at all.
1	Happily popped in here for lunch, came out with nothing but regret!Placed is located in Surprise just off Bell Road in a small strip mall nestled between Papa John's and a barber shop.Lots of parking however I noticed signs for only one-hour parking (-1).  The place is well lit but small with only seating against the wall.  There is seating outside however there aren't any misters and this is Arizona folks!  Staff who greeted us at the cash register was friendly and asked if we'd like menus which we did.  Took some time to order and wasn't rushed.  I ordered the corned beef sandwich with a side of potato salad, another in my party ordered the basil mascarpone burger with chili fries, and another in my party ordered the make-a-sandwich.The portions was very small and not very filling (-1).  The side of potato salad I ordered as my side was placed in a small cup similar to those cups filled with butter you dip lobster in...it was that small!  The sandwich itself was nothing to write home about as I have been to numerous NY delis and New England delis and it definitely didn't compare.The biggest turnoff of this visit was when one person in my party found a long stranded blond hair in her sandwich which immediately got her turned off and infuriated.  We alerted the waitress who initially brought our meals to the table and she simply looked at us without a word of apology, then said, "I could re-make the sandwich!"  That's all well and good but what about an apology!  (-2)  We decided then and there we were prepared to leave and asked for the sandwich that was being "remade" to go.  The waitress brought it to our table, we said thanks, and she walked away with not so much as a word or an apology for our experience!This is definitely not a place to put on your radar and will not be coming here ever again!
5	By far one of our favorite local places to go. From friendly people to fantastic food, this place rocks!There are so many creative menu choices and I'm dedicated to working my way through them all. The coffee is a special blend they had roasted just for them. The cheese cake is also very good and features a unique angel food cake crust. This is a great local find.
4	We are from New York so it's really hard to love pastrami anywhere else, but this comes as close as possible! Great homemade potato salad and the staff is so nice. My son enjoyed the corned beef as well. We try delis  in AZ and we never are happy. Next time we'll try the gourmet burger that the chef created especially for here!
4	Really solid choice for a meal in Surprise, AZ.  My family and I have been here 4 times in the last 2 months and it is consistently good!  The menu is a little overwhelming because there are tons of choices but we've tried a bit of everything and this place can cook!
5	LOVE IT Just go. Get the Spanish Harlem with slaw...Money!
4	One of the better sandwiches and a nice tossed chef salad make for a great lunch. Fresh ingredients, seems very clean so not sure why some complained. My daughters mixed green salad was a bit over dressed however the greens were very good (crisp and flavorful) not like the ones at most markets that are dull and lifeless.
5	We are from N. Scottsdale and enjoy good food.  I have to say I was very pleased at the quality of food offered at the New York Flavor in Surprise.....  I had the Spanish Harlem and it was delicious.. Others in my party ordered the Spaghetti.  The spaghetti and  homemade marinara sauce was suberb!  I hope they will consider opening one in Scottsdale....we would definitely become a regilar..they also offer breakfast which looked equally amazing....
3	I have been wanting to try New York Flavor ever since I moved to Surprise. Unfortunately, I was not as impressed as I thought I would be. The service is pretty good. Since it was my first time, I asked the woman at the counter if there were any "favorites". She was very helpful in explaining the menu items. I ended up ordering the Spanish Harlem with a side of potato salad. First, let's talk about the potato salad. It came in a TINY little cup. I am talking, like two bites of potato salad. I wish I had saved the little cup to take a picture. I almost felt like I was being pranked. I paid $1.99 for this potato salad. I expected to be able to eat more than two bites of it. And, to be honest, the two bites of potato salad I had weren't the greatest. It tasted like potato salad you could buy at the grocery store; nothing to write home about.The sandwich itself was pretty good. The spread was flavorful and the steak was cooked perfectly. The bread was just okay. The sandwich was $8.99, which felt a little pricey to me based on the size of the sandwich.All in all, the service is there, but the food here just isn't something I would expect to receive if I were actually in New York, which is the impression I got from the reviews and the restaurant itself.
3	I went there one morning with a few parents from my child's school.  I was pleasantly surprised that they had breakfast items.  It was fast, pretty delicious but a bit greasy.I found the staff friendly & the location clean.  I could easily see this place become a laidback place to hang out with a few friends for breakfast.
5	Great place to get a New York style food. I love the big tv on the wall showing NYC live.
4	We had dinner here. Good deli food, slightly pricy. I had the Reuben sandwich, lean corned beef, so I did have to add some 1000 dressing. My husband had Chicken Parmesan Hero sandwich, which he liked. The staff was very friendly & the place was very clean.
5	I've been by this place countless times and finally decided to try it out.  Wow, why did I wait so long.  First impression was awesome, we were greeted as if we were family and the food was great.  We did go for breakfast and will go back for the burgers that look amazingly good.  Highly recommended, plus they give military and law enforcement a 15% discount if you ask.  Check them out.
