4	CHIPS and SALSA (2 kinds) and BEAN DIP all while you wait for your food.  Don't bother ordering appetizers, the chips and dips will satisfy you.  If you like margaritas, order the jumbo marg and sit in the nice air conditioned room.  Arriba is Mexican food, nothing fancy with a twist- just good ol' Mexican food.  You know the kind you eat and say "why oh why did I just eat all that?".  I come here ever so often.  I had the carnitas just recently and was was very happy with my meal.  Have Fun!  Prices range anywhere bettwen $9-$15ish.
4	Spicy hot is a very subjective thing. Arriba's dishes are made with Hatch chilis from New Mexico. For the lightweights, they have a heat scale next to the chili items. They can't make their food too hot  for me. Everything I've had here has been good. Service is usually good, but have had a couple of issues with the service in the past. I've been to the Chandler and Scottsdale locations.
5	Great Food!!!The food is quite spicy. So be careful of what you order. I have been there twice now and was very satisfied both times.  They make a great Mango Margarita.
5	Aw, man. I just love this place.I can think of about a million different places to have a marg, but the gigantron ones they make here are good. The funny thing about 'em is that, yes, they're pre-mixed, and yes, they're made with el cheapo brand tequila, but hot diggety... can you refuse THAT many ounces of deliciousness for 4.95 on a Friday? Not me. The bean dip is awesome, the food is so so, but as far as I'm concerned, there is no other way to avoid Camelback rush hour than by stopping at Arriba for a marg or five (and then calling a taxi home... right?).
5	Arriba Mexican Grill is very delicious.i love the bean and salsa dip!I always enjoy the White Sands enchilada!I really agree with some of you...the food is very spicy.  Get ready to drink lots and lots of water!
4	I love love love Arriba. Their happy hour is the best. They're margaritas are magnificent. On the rocks, extra salt, please!I'm also slightly obsessed with the White Sands Chimichanga. Delish!Service however is slightly disappointing. The servers are either not there or too in your face. There needs to be a balance, people!
3	place wasnt so great.i came here earlier today for lunch with my dad and some of his coworkers. the staff wasnt great. they got orders all wrong. food was average. ive had wayyy better in southern california. doubt i'll go back to this place.
4	The food here is great!  I agree with those that believe the food here is good.  I've eaten Mexican food throughout Phoenix and this is one of the best.  I live in Southern California, and I can't find anything that compares.  I love the salsa and bean dip with chips.  The combination meals are great.  Their chimichangas and burritos are fantastic.  What I also love is that the portions are large, so I always have a midnight snack or breakfast for the next day.  Arriba!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in the valley, seriously! The atmosphere is great, first off. So much personality in the colors, paintings, plants, and other unique Mexican decorating accents. I knew it was a cool place the first time I went there as soon as I saw the Frida Kahlo painting on the wall that you see when you first walk in. There is always someone  smiling to greet you and take you to your seat, which I've never had to wait for. It is quite a large place, and each room is decorated differently - one room even has a mural-type painting on the walls of a scene in a charming-looking Latin American town. The waitresses wear dresses that reflect their culture. I noticed instantly that most of the customers were of Hispanic descent (a really good sign!) and that the staff had thick accents. I felt like maybe I wasn't in the States anymore! Oh yea, and the food is SSSSOOOOO good. I like it that their menu has a photo of every single meal they serve. That rocks! And, they have levels of spiciness for the hotter dishes on the menu -- five chili peppers next to the description means you better be able to handle the heat they serve!!
2	Not good for vegetarians. They put meat in EVERYTHING. There is nothing like getting a "vegetarian" meal to find meat chucks floating in the sauce. In addition, every time I eat there I get sick. Seriously, the chain Mexican food restaurants need to be banned from Arizona. There are so many great authentic Sonoran Mexican food places around town, the chains just ruin it. Unfortunately none of them are by my house, so I am forced to try these crappy chains... When will I ever learn?
3	3.5 stars. If you must do a chain Mexican restaurant in Phoenix, then Arriba is your place.   Don't bother with Macayo's, Ajo Al's, etc.  Sure it's not the best, but when you want full-service and don't want the uppity Barrio Cafe type of place or the counter-service La Tolteca type of place, Arriba is good for that.The servers are always friendly, the atmosphere inside is more gawdy than its busted bright Vegas jumbotron on its exterior sign on Camelback -- but is to be expected -- and the chip/salsa stand thing is righteous.  We were in there and out of there for dinner last Thursday in under 40 minutes (a measly 10 minute wait for our food) and under $30.While I sometimes order the White Sands Chimichanga adorned with a creamy white cheese sauce and a mini New Mexico state flag toothpick, the Pollo al Diablo is my favorite and features a grilled chicken breast covered with fiery Hatch chile and monterey jack cheese.  It's one of their more well known dishes and is not for novices.  I am not responsible for your indigestion or hyperventilations.  Just sayin.
1	If you're looking for chain Mexican food....stick with Macayos.  I've gotten nothing but bad food here and bad indigestion. Food quality is poor and is on par with Taco Bell.  Just drive a little further to somewhere else.
4	This is really a 4.5 from me. I have been to several of the Arriba's and have never had bad service or any problems with my food. (I have been to the locations on Camelback, at Arrowhead Mall and off the 101 in N. Scottsdale)They bring out chips, salsa and bean dip and it tastes absolutely amazing. The chips are always fresh and they have great salsa. They just keep refilling and refilling them, so my only complaint is that I get too full and cannot eat all of my food!Jamie M. mentioned having trouble finding a vegetarian option there, but I have not had a problem. I normally get the bean and cheese burro topped with queso dip. I have also had the abado pizza with beans vs. beef the taco salad sans beef and the cheese quesedilla. I would eat any one of those items again. The red and green sauce are not veggie friendly, but you can easily top your meal with the salsa or their queso dip, just ask for no chorizo on it.The margaritas are really amazing too, and HUGE! I think you pay $11 but they are big enough for 2-3 people to share. The cost of the food is reasonable.The restaurant itself is pretty fun. They have a cool mexican/sonoran theme throughout and everything is bright and colorful. It's one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in the valley.
3	A favorite lunch spot of mine.  If you get there before 11:30 am they have a "recession friendly" menu where almost everything on the lunch menu is $5.95.  Quite a deal considering the portions.
4	Why, hello, 99 cent margaritas.  I used to go here with a friend when I lived in the Biltmore area a year or so ago, and I lived and breathed off the shrimp and scallops del mar.  Nowadays, another friend and I like to frequent Arriba for their happy hour margaritas.  The chips and salsa are excellent, and although the servers speak hardly a lick of English, service is generally pretty good.  The food leaves something to be desired, excepting the shrimp and scallops del mar, as well as the chips and dip, but the drinks and service are awesome.  It's just the right place to drop by after a crappy day at work.
5	Muy mas caliente, but my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. It's not swanky, and sometime you can feel like they're rushing your through. But the food is savory and very, very hot.
3	Maragarita's as big as your head.  Spicy, affordable food. Convenient locations thorughout the valley.  Only woarning is to not go on Sundays.  KIDS EAT FREE on Sundays and apparently that equals, parents don't have to pay attention to how annoying or obnoxious their kids are being.
4	if you want delicious americanized mexican, colon cancer causing food, then come here.if you want authentic, go to mexico. no but really. they have ridiculous sized margaritas and martinis. i really think that's what they should be called. "RIDICULOUS SIZED"it's like "may i please have the gallon sized cosmo? yes by myself. yes thank you i'll need a cab." i love the abodaba pizza and the pollo con queso. been coming here for years and i still love it.
3	Their food was okay. The issue that I really had was that most of the chicken that's used is dark meat and makes the food taste more different than you think. There's also not very many non-spicy food items on the menu that are edible.If you want margaritas the size of your head, and extremely greasy and spicy food, Arriba's is the place to go. If you dont drink and are a weenie like I am with spicy food, then this might not be the place for you.
5	Hatch Chilies... just the thought of them, make my mouth water. No one, and I mean no one does hatch chilies like Arriba Mexican Grill. Every Sunday the haul out the fire roaster and roast chilies all day long. You can buy them $5 a pound. Now, on to the dishes... there are so many, I wont list them. My favorite is the Hatch Chicken Especial. It is just the right mixture of cheese, beef and hatch, served in a mini pyrex with rolled flour tortillas and your choice of rice and beans. Unlike Renee A., I like to go on Sundays because I bypass the seating line, and go straight to the bar. No kids, and a great brunch menu.
4	Well i seen some 1 and 2 stars, don't know what the hell they talking about, but this place rocks. I gave them a 4 star cuz too many people take their kids and cant control them there. LOL. But the food is the SHIZZNIT!!!! The Chips they bring out are nice crunchy and salt to taste. the salsas and the Lil bean dip uffffff, love it. The food is nice and spicy, since I'm Mexican i can handle the heat. I always get the Pollo con Queso, can you say DELISIOSO!!! My favorite. Waiter/es all are kind and helping on ordering. If your into Mexican food, its a need to try.
1	Not impressed at all.  I went with my husband, and as always he ordered a bean burrito, it was very bland and way over priced.  I had a chicken and a beef taco, the chicken was horrible, and the beef was very dry.  For desert we ordered apple chimichangas which were very good, but how could you mess up deep fried apples and tortillas dipped in cinammon and sugar.  The only  thing good I have to say about this place is that every time I ordered a beer the waitress brought me one immediately and then about 20 minutes later the busboy would bring another out to me thinking I never received the first, either way, no matter how drunk I got the food never tasted good.   I would never go here again.
3	I have been running into this problem lately where restaurants have a choice between sauce with meat, and really spicy sauce.  This makes me sad because I am the most spice averse vegetarian you will ever meet.  Arriba has a gigantic menu with lots of pictures of the food.  I found the menu hard to navigate, especially in terms of finding something vegetarian.  I wanted the enchiladas, but the sauce options changed my mind and I got the tamale which was very sub par.  Very bland and chewy.  I suspect my experience wasn't the norm though, they seem like they would be a great place for someone who likes spicy meat.  Or cheap happy hour margaritas.
5	I don't give five stars often, but here's my rationale. Their margaritas rock! It's the only place that you get your money's worth when you order a margarita. They are huge! They have a good variety of cool flavors to try too. Love it. But that's not it. They have the best green chili around, and it is HOT! I love hot spicy food, and this does not disappoint. Lastly, the chips and salsa service is good. I love the bean dip and the two types of salsa provided. i could just sit there and eat that alone. Service is usually good. I normally just cruise in and sit at the bar. Can't wrong with service with the bartender standing in front of you the whole time. :)
1	My wife and I used to love Arriba's, til recently when we joined some friends at the end of their table for dinner. We arrived about an hour after they did, and they were finished when we got there. I ordered a stuffed poblano chili dish and it really was not good at all. Bad enough that the food was bad, but when we were ready to leave, we asked the waitress for our check, so she gives us a check for the whole table. My wife said, "No-we want our check only" and the waitress said that they do not do seperate checks, which is B.S. because we always have gotten seperate checks at the Arriba's in Arrowhead. This created a big hassle for us because we never carry cash, so my wife had to pay back one of her friends for our share of the bill the following week. This is no way to conduct a business, and I also sent the main office an email telling them about what had happened, but they never answered the email. I guess customer satisfaction means nothing to them, so we will NEVER go back!  Anyplace can roast chilis, so thats nothing special for Arriba's. Macayos is the place from now on, and the food there is superior to Arriba's.
5	Maybe I'm biased, but I'm giving this restaurant 5 stars! You see, I'm a California transplant to the East Coast, and let me tell you their Mexican restaurants are terrible!!! While I was in Phoenix, I specifically asked the hotel receptionist about a really good Mexican place and she directed me to Arriba'sI had the white chimichanga and asked them to substitute the pork with chicken, which they had no problem doing. It was fantastic!!! I also ordered a margarita, which was huge!!! and also very good. I wanted to order the flan, but I was so stuffed from good food that I couldn't even order dessert. I ate with a co-worker and unlike one of the other reviews, they did not have an issue with splitting our bill. I highly recommend this place to anyone in the Phoenix area... you won't be disappointed.
2	A typical chain restaurant. In the city of Phoenix, there are way better Mexican places that are not chains. I would go elsewhere.DO NOT GET THE MICROBREW BEER!!! I had the Pilsner and the Amber, and they both tasted the same. I have consumed over 190 different bottles of microbrewed beer, and I was stunned to see that a pilsner tasted the same as the amber. Also, the pilsner was cloudy, which is the opposite of what a pilsner should be. Pilsners are clean, clear and crisp with a thin body. The pilsner I had could be described as a confused Hefeweizen.
3	This was a nice little mexican restaurantt.  Had good food.  Menus were large and plentyful.  Price was reasonable.  Staff was friendly.  Can't really complain about it.
3	Next time I should ask them if they can tone down the chili pepper heat a bit, at least for my order. The White Sands Chimichanga dinner I ordered was tasty, but the heat level was a lot more than I was comfortable with, and I usually enjoy spicy food. It would probably have been a much more enjoyable meal if it weren't partly like torture trying to finish the fiery food. The service was very friendly and attentive, and the place has a nice and informal, if kitschy, look.
4	I had the Arriba Pollo Con Queso. Deliciouso and only $10.59 for tons of food.Festive environment. The booths in the bar area a little snug.
2	*pffffffft*  That's how you spell the sound of a fart.  And that's exactly what I did for 2 days this week, after my trip to Arriba.It's basic Mexican fare.  We had a group of about 12 and they were great taking care of us.  I never had to ask for my iced tea to be refilled.  The food?  We made a list at work ahead of time and ordered it right before we left the office.  I ordered the fish taco dish.  It came with a side of refried beans and rice.  The beans were nasty and then I realized they probably weren't vegetarian, so I only had a bite and put them aside.  The rice was...rice.  The only way it had any flavor was because I had doused it with hot sauce.  The fish taco?  No flavor!  The fish was grilled, but I could barely taste it.  Everything was covered in some sort of white sauce and it was all that flavorful, but still covered up any flavor that *could* be in the fish taco.  I still prefer Two Hippies.The service was great, but it was really the only thing memorable.  I doubt I'd go back there.  *pffffffffffffft*
4	At lunch time in this area, parking sucks. Staff are friendly. Food is nice and spicy. Tastes really good though, so I get heartburn later. Prices are average for a sit down meal.
2	It is much overpriced, and in my opinion the flavor and texture of the food was similar to what I would expect from any drive thru 'berto establishment. I don't mind that type of food when I'm paying 4 dollars and expecting to throw away a bunch of styrofoam.  But 40 dollars for two people for lunch and one drink each was money that could have been spent buying taco bell and a six pack of bottled margaritas, with money leftover for a tank of gas.  The layout of the establishment is also really weird. (And I'm coming to notice that I have an issue with weirdly laid out restaurants, but I digress.)  You're practically knocking people's food over to get to a table in the back. But this isn't a place you'd want that kind of attention.  This place gets a star for the drink being huge (and for the price, it should be) and giving me a cool buzz on a Saturday afternoon.
3	Okay place.  Like the chips, salsa, and warm bean dip.  Food is mediocre.  Service okay to good.  I've been here a half a dozen times and think it's consistently okay.  I'm yet to find a mexican food restaurant I really like (for dinner, not a dive).
2	We are hungry, we do not want to go on an expedition. We want spicy, cheesy goodness. And a margarita. We decide to hit up Arriba's since they're just up the street, and per our usual chill demeanor, sidle up to the little bar to grab a margarita, and decide what spicy green chile dishes we want to eat. Now, I haven't been to this place in a couple years, and the last time I went, was driven there, half in the bag after watching a softball tournament. At that time, maybe I didn't care so much, maybe it was because I couldn't see the bartender making my drinks, I don't know....BUTIf you are a *new* bartender, don't upsell me a handmade margarita with Cuervo, instead of your house concoction that comes out of a tap,  use the small side of the jigger to pour said tequila into one of those ridiculous tiny cactus margarita glasses, haphazardly salted, expect me to pay $6 for tiny little glass and crappy pour, and somehow appreciate that you have any understanding of what it means to make a good margarita - you know, one where the orange from the triple sec lightly dances with the tequila flavors rising above the  sweet and sour and the tang of fresh lime juice - especially when you still haven't given me a menu, and are now serving jiggerless poured Crown and diets and Jack and diets to your 21 and a half-year old friends who are leaning all over the bar with slithering arrogance and no sense of personal space (yes, I can smell your drugstore perfume, and no, it doesn't make you pretty).So, no, I don't want this crappy tiny margarita, and no, I don't even think I want to eat here. We went to La Pinata instead, because that's what we should have done in the first place.
4	Service 4Food 4Cleanliness 4Atmosphere 4Value 3Pros:When they say something is spicy they mean it.Dependable quality.Great StartersCons:A little priceyWay overdone on the Mexican theme.. Very tourist trap'esk.My first experience here was probably 7 years ago. Went out to dinner with some friends. This was recommended by a buddy who had bused here back in high school. Suffering from testosterone poisoning all chow'ed into the hatch chili cheese crisp and pretended it wasn't as hot as it was. Later this turned into a weekend ritual for my Dad and I to catch up, have a cheese crisp, and some delicious pork chile verde. Ahh the old fat and happy days.Onto the food:Chips:Thinking back on all my Mexican food experiences I've had a bad chip experience once or twice at every place excluding this one. The chips have always been fresh, evenly salted, never burnt, and have never suffered from an oil slick.Salsa/Dips:Mild: Tasty standard senoran style salsa. Stewed tomatoes, green onion, green chili, cilantro, onion, garlic. Nice bright clean flavor.Hot: I really love this stuff and I wish they gave you larger sides by default. This is a super garlicky "taco" style sauce but with more texture then the pureed cousin. Very heavy on the garlic and red pepper flakes. Crave this stuff.Bean Dip: Delicious fatty creamy refried bean dip.Queso Fundido:A spicy, cheesy, melty happy place. Its brought to the table with some type of alcohol burning off. The chorizo, jalapeno, onion, tomato, and jack cheese are a perfectly melted and ready to burn through some baskets of chips. This will do wonders for your girlish figure.Hatch Chile Cheese Crisp:Often a little overly done for my liking. It will snap into a million pieces on  your if you aren't careful. The cheese blend is tasty. These Chile's are HOT! I'm a spicy person and they warm me up. They will burn... twice ;) What is it with 50% of all Mexican places failing miserably at fully slicing their cheese crisps? Good luck pulling off a clean slice. Cover this in the hot sauce for and extra happy mouth.Pork Chile Verde:I don't consider Arribas to be a true chain since it is local. That being said it still pains me when my favorite variation of a dish comes from a chain-like but it's the case here. This is the best pork green chile I've sampled in the valley. The chile flavor, the tender pork chunks, the liquefied pork fat mixed with the chile juice. Making myself drool over here. Ask for sans the jalapenos or on the side, it just takes away from the flavor.Ribs:WHAT?!?! ribs at a Mexican place? Yeah that's right and they are actually tasty. I often have to try and fit multiple food cravings into a single restaurant. I don't believe all locations offer these but camelback does. They are likely parboiled then grilled off which is a strike in my book. However, the sauce is the right combo of sweet and spicy, very tender, not insanely fatty, and I think I can safely say they are the best ribs you will have at a Mexican restaurant ;)Guacamole:Not my favorite. This stuff is so packed full of tomatoes and onion filler that it's a terrible rip off. It is fresh and it does have a decent flavor but it leaves a lot to be desired.Rice:Nice and fluffy here but a tad on the greasy side. It also tends to be a little al dente which isn't a bad thing.Beans:I really love the charro beans. Ranch style whole beans but in a salsa base with a smoky meat flavor. I would go for these over the refried any day.I've never had a bad service experience here. It can be a little slower at times but the staff is always nice and attentive.
4	My husband and I always love this place.  We've catered from here for Superbowl events as well as gone to lunch and happy hour.  We also picked up some fresh roasted hatch chilis when they have them out front during promotional times.  They were amazing and we made some great dishes at home!Our favorite is the pollo con queso, but there are so many good menu items.  We often get the pollo con queso and something else to share so that we can try something new as well.  We just went there tonight because Sundays kids eat free and that is just great! Their patio is awesome because it has an indoor/outdoor feel and is backed by a waterfall for some sound ambiance!  Great salsa, great food, great with kids, I love this place!
2	I feel like this is partially my fault for eating at a Mexican food place with a neon billboard in front. Someone told me it was good so I decided to go the margaritas were just right and the chips and dips were yummy. I ordered the floutas and yuck! The meat could not have been beef, I ate two bites and that was it. Our server asked if sour cream was okay said sure and then noticed a two dollar charge for a lump of sour cream on there. I really wish I would have just stuck with Ajo Als up the street.
5	Almost three years later and I still love coming here. The food has become more expensive, but the bean dip is still a-flowing, and my out-of-towner visitors are always satisfied afterward.
4	I have been here for lunch a few times, but recently my wife & I went here for dinner.  Have to say the service and food were very good.  Both of us really enjoyed ourselves.  Even though we didn't step up to the #3 pepper" meals, our food was plenty spicy. Huge menu and great looking deserts too.  Give it try, you won't be disappointed.
2	Service -- not so much. :(Food - - we just stopped in for nachos, and they were super cheesy. Margarita - - 99c during happy hour 3pm-6pm. Meh! Tasted like a lot of sour mix, but what can you expect for 99c, right? The nachos were $11.99, but then marked down $2 to $9.99 for happy hour. Needless to say.. we've had better nachos. But really the lack of service will prevent us from coming back. What were we thinking? :)
4	Our team from work came here for lunch.  It is my first time!  After all these years, I finally made it inside for some food.  I selected off the lunch menu (quite a selection for lunch).  I ordered the Poco Pollo Con Queso.  It is a golden brown chicken chimichanga topped with two kinds of cheese.  It comes with rice and I got black beans.  YUM!  It was really good.  The refills are drinks were fast and you did not have to ask.  The only weird thing was they took our bowl for the chips away.  I thought they were refilling it, it never made it back to our table.  I agree with Jacob L. the deco was WAY over the top.  Almost touristy.
5	Okay, I just finished breakfast and My morning chores, thought I'd finish the review I started on Saturday. first though I want to tell Y'all how great breakfast was, then again, maybe not. You see I have a little secret, You know how to keep a secret? You are all My closest Yelp friends, no?! Well right now for a mere $1.99 a lb @ Arriba's, You can take home the (World Famous) Hatch Chile's They're known for. Okay the only, drawback, They're like freshly caught Trout (You gut and peel them Yourself). The flavour though is worth every moment of prep, and Huevos Rancheros for breakfast, mmm.... P.S. They're Freshly Roasted, for easy peeling. ...and Tatiana, that Spicy MiddleEast inspired, "Curried BourbonLimeChicken with Chiles" I made for ArabianNights that You and Your Man were lovin'. Yeah these Chile's....
4	P.P.S. The 1.99/lb HatchChile Special has ended, Like GirlScoutCookies, VidaliaOnions, et cetera,  et cetera. Never long enough......
3	Decent but typical Phoenix area Mexican food.  Very comparable to Garcia's and Macayo's type of food.  We went on Sunday for kids eat free.  After sticker shock, yes I thought it was pretty over priced we  ordered.  My taco salad was $11, and my wife's lunch was similarly priced for 2 enchiladas.  The kid's cheese crisp was humongous.  Portions in general were pretty large.  Taco salad was good and fresh, but you could taste the oil in the shell.  Cheese on the cheese crisp, and daughter's enchilada was excessively oily.  Excluding the oily cheese and the prices it wasn't that bad.  We would go back again.  They seem to have some decent specials.
3	Good Mexican food, but not great. We got there just in time to take advantage of the .99 margarita's, but the food wasn't anything super special. The salsa was knock your socks off hot, which kind of numbs your tastebuds to other flavors and everything was very peppery, which I'm not a huge fan of. I got the chicken tostada and the hubby got the chicken picado, which were both pretty good. The bean dip was awesome and the service was fantastic though.I think we'll go back sometime to try out other dishes to try to get that rating up a bit. If you go for happy hour then the prices are very reasonable...
3	I've been going there since it opened in the mid-90's and was called the Andale' restaurant. I think they changed the name because too many people made the same mistake my sister (who took 3 years of Spanish in high school and college) did: She asked why the hell anyone would call a Mexican restaurant the "Ann-Dayle". And so it goes.I've enjoyed most of what I've had there. Not the place to go while on a diet. Everything tends to be cheese-heavy. Partially for that reason I would forgo the sour cream and guac that they offer, especially considering that they come at a total extra cost of something like $3.50 or whatever. Sometimes the wait staff tells you, other times not. Guess it depends if they've been threatened with tableware when an unsuspecting customer wonders how the bill for a table of four suddenly jumped by FIFTEEN DOLLARS for guac and sour cream.It's an ok place with reliable quality and decent atmosphere. The chicken con queso is good, but I prefer the adobada plate.
3	Pollo con queso is ridiculous! Huge menu. Also try the white sands sauce.
1	You get what you pay for.  The food is inexpensive but taste that way.  The only thing good is the bean dip and salsa that you get at the beginning of the meal along with hot corn and flour chips.  The rest of the meal is bland.
3	I tried their taco Tuesday special. Only 99 cents, donchaknow?Ugggh.I think they compare with the worst of the Lawry's-mix-and-cheap-ground-beef-in-hard-shell tacos served by awkward neighbors who invited  me over to their house when I was about 8. I would class them "barely edible". Maybe it would be better for them to run a $1.49 Taco Tuesday and provide something that actually tastes good.Service was ok, the rest of the meal was ok, but no more Taco Tuesday for me. Not here.
4	We didn't eat an entree here so I can't comment on that aspect.  We had their house margarita for two (but it wasn't 99c happy hour time) and enjoyed it, great value for 8 dollars.  One of our party had the Ultimate Margarita and he rated it 4 stars out of 5.We ordered some guac dip to go with the chips and salsa (spicy but good spicy) and left satisfied.  The server we had was great, and gave us top notch service even though we were only having a drink and chips, although I did notice other servers weren't as attentive to their tables.
1	Unfortunately, yesterday's visit was one of the worst dining experiences I've had during my 10 years in Phoenix. The food was sub-awful (seriously, a cheese crisp that a 7-year-old deems inedible?), the service was terrible (zero smiles, and I had to basically tackle our server get the check, much less some refills on water glasses), and the atmosphere was equal to that of the third lunch shift at a nursing home.I won't go back. Ever.
1	I went into the Scottsdale location yesterday.  I was going to be seated right by the kitchen by the host when the restaurant was 20% full and then asked to be seated in another area where there were more people around and better lighting.  The waiter never cleared our plates, and I had to order 3 meals before I could even eat anything.  This restaurant had dirty menus dirty plates/glasses, slow waiters, the food was unedible and the kitchen was slow...  I think this time I am calling the food inspector.  I am sure that there are many violations happening in this restaurant.  I tried to give them feedback, however, they  did not recieve it well.Please don't waste your money.  This is such a poor example of no service and bad food.  I expected to get food poisoning after this experience.
4	I love this place. I usually get the fajita quesadilla. They also have great guacamole. I've always had nice service and never had to wait for a table.
3	I liked, it was spicy, the beans and hot sauce they bring to u for dipping is so so so good, also order their mini chimichangas for appetizer, their margaritas for 2 is good shear with ur company ;-) from their menu i liked the chicken, steak fajitas also the white sand chimichanga its a bomb...
4	After 10 years, I am giving this place another try.i don't know why I waited so long.  Service was great and the Cheese Crisp was awesome.Can't wait to go back.
4	For my first time it was pretty decent. Just as everyone said it is pretty pricey. I had the taco plate which consists of two tacos, seasoned rice & refried beans. My bill was 11.57 for that. Pretty steep considering that usually runs $7 most places. But I can say 3 hours later I am still full as if I just left the table. The chips, salsa, & refried beans appetizer was a great start to meal as well. My friends have already planned the next visit in which I will try the swirled strawberry/mango margarita which is 24 oz for 6.99. Sounds like a steal. I hope the flavor is above the price.
2	Been going to Arribas for years. It used to be one of my favorite restaurants, but the last few times that I have been it was not so good. The service was awful and the wait was too long. Also I was not to impressed with any of the food that day.
3	The food was great! But it was really expensive for a Mexican food joint. I love the hatch chilles that they put in a lot of their meals.
3	My visit was on a Wednesday night...the same night they offer fajitas for two for half price, $14.99.  The chicken and steak were not only plenty but very tasty.  The dips served with the nachos are also tasty.  My one complaint were the drinks. We ordered the Sunrise Margarita which is a cobination of Mango and Strawberry.  Although quite tasty is lacked KICK if you know what I mean ;) .
4	Great Hatch spicy Beans, Queso Fundido is hot and spicy love the spinach enchiladas. It's pretty good food.
4	Arribas is a locally owned and operated Mexican-American food restaurant; no illegals here, so stay away Sheriff Joe.Seriously, food is good, drinks are strong and reasonably priced, and usually they have a scary ass clown lady that will paint the mexican faces white, and the white faces Mexican! It's a great place, and doesn't make me want to go all SB-1070. I thoroughly enjoy their enchiladas and burritos. It's a great place with a date or with a group. The staff is very diligent and polite and speak english as their first language.
4	Woohoooo  My 100th Yelp Review!!!!  Met up with a friend for dinner on a Tuesday night, he picked the placed and picked Arriba's, I was down for that cuz I do love the spicy food and here they cook with the Hatch Green Chile!!!  I got to the table and was greeted by our waiter, Dave, who had a dimple it was cute when he smiled, haha.  I ordered ice tea to drink, friend ordered coke, We placed our orders and got to talking and I swear it only took like 10 mins for the food to come out to us, it was like they were waiting for us to order LOLMy friend ordered an appetizer for dinner, really?? When I know I am going out to dinner, I order a meal and I don't like it with the other person just orders a app or something and they are like oh I'm not that hunger, dude did you forget we were going out to eat?? LOL and believe me that's what I told him too. Im not shy hahaI ordered the chimichanga plate and told Dave to make sure it was covered in the hottest sauce, bring on the heat baby! I had the machaca beef and Dave said if you like heat get a side of green chile for your dish, so I did what he said, let me tell you it was good!! It wasn't the nose running, eyes covered in tears, lips burning on fire kind of kick I was looking for it, but it did bring a little tear to my eye (just want to say, I like heat, and though it wasnt hot to me, it might be to others) LOL it was very good, it comes with sour cream, which was good because it was a like a cool mild balance also the plate comes with beans & rice and have to say both were delish! I normally don't like rice but this was perfect! Company, food, service was great! I look forward to coming back! (side note: I checked into Arriba's last night, but it's not showing up on profile today but it does on my app,,,oh well.)
4	You  know you have to rate a place when you start craving it... which is the case with Arriba Mexican Grill. The first time I was there it was good but, nothing amazing, I just simply did not order the thing that I like the most. I went here and ordered an enchilada dish (can't remember what it was called) with chicken, sour cream with a green sauce, and was blown away, it is some of the best mexican I've had since I moved here from Canada. They also have fantastic complimentary salsa and bean dip with chips when you sit down, and to top that all off $1.00 margaritas (yes I said $1.00) during happy hour before 6:00 pm... can't beat it!
5	I like how much there is on the menu and so far everything on the menu has been very tasty.  The service is usually always good.
4	Let's just say that if I'm going to be successful @ keeping my hour-glass figure, I need to stay far away from this place! But is this even possible when the food is so tempting and the chicken tastes sooooo good??!? The Queso Fandido came with flames hovering over it and the taste matched the awesome presentation. I can't even remember which cocktail I ordered, but whatever it was, it was only one, and it had a bit of influence on the lovely tip our attentive waiter received. I recommend and will return!
3	I've come here a few times now for taco Tuesday's with coworkers during lunch, and I figured it was time to write a review already.  I'm not the hugest fan of Arriba's, but I do dine here from time to time.  The place is usually pretty busy since its in a busy strip of town, and the service is pretty good.  I usually get two taco's and a drink of some kind while I'm there.  I guess the shredded beef taco's are not part of the "taco Tuesday" promotion, so their a whopping $4.99 each, which kind of chaps my a$$, if you know what I mean. I could go with the ground beef, but sometimes I want what I want.  They also have chips and dip, that come along with whenever you sit down in the restaurant.The one thing is, depending on how busy they are, there have been a few times where I have been out of my drink completely, and been parched for a beverage, especially in the summer time.  I know their busy, but hot is hot, and dry is dry ,and I like to stay hydrated during the summer, and I'm a big beverage drinker anyways.I'm not a Mexican food connoisseur by any means, but it seems to be average food at best.  I leave full, but not craving to come back for more.  If I wasn't going here with co-workers, I don't know that I would be dining here at all.  It's not that their bad, cause their not, but I think its more of an average/blah kind of feeling when I leave.To my knowledge, theirs no outdoor dining here, and getting in and out can kind of be brutal with the traffic on Camelback. Overall, not a bad experience here to speak of, and I would return in the future, but nothing that strikes me as "amazing" or "to die for."
4	Thank you God for this place.  I was starving from a very long drive from the Grand Canyon to Phoenix and was craving an enchilada.  I googled mexi-whatever cuisine somewhat near the airport and came up with Arriba.  This is a chain restaurant, so the decor/service are all acceptable.  The hostess sat us immediately and our server took our orders.  I love the unlimited chips & salsa that come with every meal.  The salsa was surprisngly good!  I ordered the rio grande enchilada with pulled pork (they call it something else, i forget).  I was delicious!  I'm actually surprised it was a bit spicey.  Normal tex-mex food here in Boston is not spicy at all, so I guess I wasn't prepared.  I ate the whole thing, but passed on the rice and beans.  That's just not my thing.  Overall, 4 stars!  Ole!
4	Heard this place had the best pozole in Phoenix and it did not disappoint!  A little small, but the right amount of kick.  Homemade flour tortillas were great and we added a side of jalepeno bacon.  Very tasty.  Price just a bit high.
4	Food here is great. One of my favorite Mexican restaurants, and they use Hatch chilies. Depending on the day/ waiter  yes, I may have to wait for a refill, but that's happened at one time or another everywhere I go regularly. Waiting for a meal is a treat, though often I fill up on the chips and salsa they bring out. Not only that but they bring out mild and spicy salsas as well as bean dip. Which is great since I then take most my food home, and it becomes lunch for the next day.Food is plentiful as well as their size of their margaritas. Price is moderate, comparable to most other sit down Mexican restaurants.
4	I LOVE Arriba's food.  It's flavorful, plentiful, affordable and varied.  There are only a couple of Mexican food restaurants that I will go to (as a native Arizonan I have high standards for good Mexican food) and I think that Arriba's is just about as good as you can possibly get for a chain Mexican restaurant.  In my humble opinion it's a tad better than Garcia's, and FAR better than Macayo's.The only thing keeping me from giving them 5 stars is that the restaurant itself is starting to show its age around the edges and you can see the wear and tear in the decor itself.  I think it's time for the owners to shut it down for a day and do a massive floor to ceiling deep cleaning and give it some fresh paint.  Then they'll deserve 5 stars.  :)
5	Oh Arriba, how I miss thee! We just moved from AZ to MN, and what we can't find . . . good Mexican (or New Mexican, as some of Arriba's dishes are). My absolute favorite dish is the Rio Grande Enchiladas - the spicy meat, the cheese - mmmm! We recently went to the Arriba in Tempe (or Awatukee?) and the service was awful, but our typical Arriba is Phoenix, and the service is good.
4	I have been to different Arriba locations and the food has always been consistent and I have always had very good service here.  I LOVE the White Sands Chimichanga, all rice,  no beans!  I have never been to a restaurant that provides beans like the ones you can get at home (you spoiled me mom!).  The Chicken Chimayo is pretty good too.   The chips were good.  I prefer the smoother chili/salsa because it is spicier than the slightly chuncky salsa they serve.  I don't really care for the bean dip but the rest of my family enjoys it.My only complaint is that I have ordered a side of the sauce that they put over the chimichanga to put on my rice (like a cup for ketchup when you order french fries) and they charged me about $3 for it.  It was a pretty small serving for that price.I usually try to avoid "chain" mexican restaurant, but Arriba is really good.
5	I enjoy eating here frequently, my favorite is the White Sands Chimichanga, it  is always good I have not had a bad meal here ever. The staff is friendly and the service is excellent. I also recommend their chili relleno.  Their prices are moderate and the portions are generous. If you want good New Mexico style mexican food in Phoenix, this is the place. Every part of the meal is good. No canned beans or tasteless rice here.
2	Fun atmosphere!  Nice menu selection. David the waiter was great.  Drinks are huge but don't taste much alcohol!  Better Mexican places...
2	This place was just okay for me. As a vegan, there were hardly any options for me and what I did get definitely left something to be desired. I also spent way more money than I expected to ($2.50 to add a tiny glob of guac? Really?).I did love the salsas, though, and the hot sauce is very tasty. I would go back and just munch on the chips and dips that they bring you, but I wouldn't order anything off the menu. I've had better Mexican food for cheaper.
5	Mmmmm the food was so good! The chips, salsa and bean dip provided in the beginning were plentiful and replenished without even having to ask for it! That's a big plus because a lot of places almost seem reluctant to give you more chips and salsa. I had the two enchilada plate. The lettuce and tomato salad that came on it seemed fresher than other places, and the rice was good (no beans for me). I went with a party of 7 and everyone else's dishes looked very good and there were definitely no complaints from anyone!It was my niece's birthday, and the servers all assembled and sang happy birthday with a big sundae for the birthday girl. Our server was named Caesar, and he did a great job. So the service was top-notch!I'll definitely want to come back!
1	It takes a lot for me to write a review and blast a company like this and to be fair, all the negatives come from their Gilbert location; the auwatukee location has always been good.  I've tried Ariba's several times and have been disappointed every time.  In the four of the last five visits, I've found the floors sticky and the tables dirty.  If they pay this little attention to the cleanliness of the front, I'm scared of what I might find in the kitchen.  Although I've always found the service to be slow and the waiters inattentive, Sunday's (8/5/12) experience was one of the worst I've ever experienced anywhere.  I thought I would take some out of town relatives to a good AZ Mexican dinner, but once we received our water/Ice tea, they were refilled once during our visit and that only after flagging down the waiter.  Minor, maybe, but when the food was delivered to the table, one of the meals was missing and I was assured it would be right out.  20 minutes later I flagged down the waiter once again and with apologizes, was told they would get it right out.  Another 20 minutes went by and my guests had all finished their meals before the waiter came by to see if we needed anything else. When I told him we still hadn't received the meal and since everyone else was done, we no longer wanted the meal and wanted it removed from our bill.  Again with apologies, he left and finally returned 20 minutes later with the meal removed.  Annoyed with the slow service I tried to return the bill with my credit card immediately.  I was ignored and waited another 20 minutes for him to return to take my money.  Save yourself a lot of aggravation and disappointment and go somewhere else.
4	Their breakfast on the weekends is the best-kept secret in the area. The menu features not only Mexican items but plain-old bacon, eggs, and pancakes. Prices are better than at most typical breakfast places. The great thing about it (and something that this review might change somewhat) is that the Sunday morning crowd seems to not know about it, or are scared away by the fact that it's a Mexican restaurant that they think only serves huevos rancheros for breakfast.  Thus, it's always easy to get seated.
4	Yeah um this place rocks. Cool bar area. The bomb
1	Arriba has been one of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix, but tonight I have really had to examine my love of this restaurant. It has been at least 6 months since I ate there and I was really excited about going back. I was seated in the back room. I immediately noticed that it looked like it needed a deep cleaning. My table was clean, but the walls and the areas surrounding the cheesy nature scenes in the back were filthy. The service was good, and my meal came quickly. As I was eating, something caught my eye not far from my table in the nature scene plants. It was a set mousetrap. This really turned my stomach. The food that I was eating was great as usual, but it really creeped me out that the place was so dirty and that they apparently had a rodent problem. My advice to the owners is to bring in a professional cleaning team and for heaven's sake don't leave mousetraps out for the patrons to see.
3	Sometimes you just have to have a Michalada and cheese enchilada....I was thinking this as I left work on Friday and decided to call two of my favorite people to join me.  Luckily, they were both available so I headed over and started with the Michelada part while waiting on them.  I had forgotten how good their bean dip is and put a lot of it away while waiting on my companions.  the enchilada was a tad disappointing though...I don't know if I was too full or too spoiled by other "New Mexican" joints in the hood but the sauce was lacking, in my opinion.  Still, for a quick Mexican fix, it's a good option.
5	Awesome food. First time here so I can't guarantee all the items, but what I tried makes me think the menu is promising. Wow. Yum. And they have a daily special that's happy hour prices. Not to mention the awesome chips and dip (mild, hot hot, and spicy bean dip) that come out as soon as u sit. Yum!
4	Great atmosphere and service.  Food is too spicy for me but that's my problem.
5	This was pretty darn awesome!!!  I went here with my roomie a couple months ago, and this place rocks!!  I was full from the free chips and salsa before I ate my enchilladas, though...  :P  My roomie ordered the Margarita for two people, and when our server brought it to our table, my eyes were so wide from how large the drink was!!!  We couldn't even drink the whole thing, because my roommate had to drive, and I couldn't drink the whole thing myself!  I think it was only $8.00 for that large Margarita, too, unlike the $12.00 you spend for a tiny drink in Old Town Scottsdale (yes, there is a time for Old Town Scottsdale too, though.  :P).  The restaurant and bathrooms were very clean, the staff is friendly, and I left full and happy.  This is definitely a place that you should go and check out!
4	So Christmas "dinner" was kind of an afterthought this year...travelling and a time warp sort of forced that on our little merry band and we were famished by 9PM.  We went to a couple of other places first, one had an excessive wait and one was just a perfect storm of a bad idea (more on that in another review).  We ended up back at Arriba and, I must say, the reliability of a good Mexican meal (combined with a good marguerita) really helped save the day.  The staff was upbeat, even though they were working and (as always) the pricing was really reasonable.  So thanks, Arriba, for helping rescue our Christmas "dinner"....it was yummy!
5	OMG what a surprise this place was today!  This was my first visit ever to an Arriba and what I found was a super comfortable, inviting atmosphere, great booth seating, perfect service, food, & pricing!  IT DOESN'T GET ANY MORE 5 STARS THAN THAT, FOLKS!!I ordered the Lunch Special, which today (Wednesday) was a Cheese Enchilada/Shredded Beef Taco Combo.  My server started me off with a BIG bowl of just-right chips, a little bowl of TERRIFIC warm bean dip, & a little bowl of fairly spicy, chunky style Red Salsa, which was also tops.When my BIG main platter arrived (see photo), I couldn't believe how much food I was getting for the price!  Along with the enchilada & taco were generous servings of cheese coated refried beans, Spanish Rice, and a shredded lettuce garnish.You know what?  Every bite of this meal was ABSOLUTELY GREAT!  I've never had better of any of the items served, & I go out for Mexican food all the time...  and the price?$4.99 for everything!!   THIS IS ONE AMAZING RESTAURANT!!     :-))= = = = = =7/10/13 Mini Update:  Had this great Wednesday Lunch Special again today.  Nothing to add to the above except that both the hostess and my server earned this place a spot on my "Extra Friendly" list today.Love this place so much!!     :-))
4	Love the burritos ;-)
4	I like this place for the most part. I find the service good and have never had a problem with the staff. They have great chips with salsa and beans to eat before the food comes which always tide the family over while we wait. They have $.99 margaritas and they also have jumbo ones (I love the big strawberry margarita... awesome.) My go-to entree is the two tacos with rice and beans. The first time I came here I loved the service and food but the last two times I came, my food came and it wasn't hot and fresh the way I'd expect a restaurant to serve it. Then again, I suppose they do have to wait until everyone's food is ready to serve everyone all at once. A definite family favorite of our family
4	I'm all about the Chips & Salsa.  My usual Happy Hour fix here: Queso Fundido & Chips and an Iced Tea. Always great service. I can't wait for tomorrow's Happy Hour here. Cheers***
3	Went here last week while on a layover in Phoenix.  We had been shopping across the street at Last Chance. (separate review)Arrived at 2pm.  Sad HH didn't start til 3.  :(  Oh well, paid full price for a nice tall Dos Equis draft.  Sad that their locally brewed beers were not available at this location.  Here's an idea, don't advertise them if you don't have them.Received some chips, salsa & bean dip.  The chips needed salt & the bean dip was too runny.  Passed on the $4.99 lunch special of the day 2 beef tacos. (TUE special)  I instead went for a chicken enchilada layered dish with verde sauce.  The waiter warned me it was spicy.  I'm a fire eater so I said bring it on.  Man was it spicy!  No joke!  Some sour cream would have been good with it to tame the heat but I abhor paying $2.50 for a tablespoon of sour cream that is worth $.25.  Portion size of entree rice & beans was just right.  Not overly generous portion size.  Waiter & staff friendly enough.  Like the decor.  :)
4	Finally doing a review after visiting Arriba's for years. This past stay stuck with the Chimichanga with Machaca beef covered in Green Sauce. Loved it! Over the years got the Posole (since I have a Posole addiction); but I resisted this time. If you like spicy head to Arriba's. They also have great margaritas, had the mango margarita. Will be back again!
4	I am not a fan of chain restaurants but Arribas seemed to be a local chain so I decided to try it during a visit to Phoenix. It was the best Mexican food I have had in a long time. Some may argue the food quality but I am a sucker for large margaritas and a Mariachi band. Most Mexican places I visit on the East Coast are afraid to make anything spicy but Arriba has heat indicators listed on the menu. Try one of the 2 or 3 chili listings if you like spicy.
3	Went to Arriba today for my second time.  My first time for lunch and tried the $4.99 chicken chimi lunch special.  The service was good for the most.  Good salsa served with the chips.  Everything was good for the most part, Chimichanga was served with rice and beans.  Good enough flavor.  Nothing spectacular.  The Chimi was a bit smaller than it looked on the add and what I am used to seeing at other places(probably about the size of three tacquitos rolled together), but well worth five bucks.  Still I am not a fan of deception, speaking of which when I ordered I was asked if I wanted Sour Cream and Guacamole, which I thought was an offer not an upsell.  It ended up coming up to $2.25 together, nice job bumping up my bill by 50%.  Overall though I would return and just avoid the upsells.  The food is good, not great, but you will not find a whole lot better for $4.99.
5	Love the bean dip you get with the salsa and chips.  I like spicy and the Hatch Chicken Especial delivers in spades!  The White Sands chimi is also very good and packs a good kick.  Really great place if you want to find a Mexican restaurant that has mild, medium, and spicy food on the menu.
4	Great service.Good food.I ordered something a little off the menu.  I had the chile relleno but had them add the carne adobada instead of the regular shredded beef. Turned out to be a great choice.I think this may be my go to place for day drinking. They have a full bar.My birthday is on Saturday so it might be a great place to start the day.  Go!
4	Always our staple when we're in the area and lunching out with coworkers. It's no-frills, no-nonsense Mexican food. The lunch crowd gets busy, and the parking can be challenging at times, but once you're inside, usually there's not a long wait to get seated. Food is good, fast, and cheap (and check out their lunch menu), and the folks working there are nice. All of these are the reasons why we keep coming back. Their formula just works.
4	Interesting menu!  Many items feature the Hatch chile, which is a formidable bit of hotness that you can even purchase to take home with you (wear gloves.)  Decor is festive, music is wonderfully authentic and the place is usually jumping with customers around lunchtime and dinnertime.I had the New Mexico Enchiladas and they rocked my world.  This is a nice blend of authentic and creative approaches to traditional dishes that never get too ritzy or complex.  Margaritas were super and service was superb.  I haven't been brave enough to try a "three hatch" entree' yet (their rating system of peppers skews low - one hatch will fire you up) but that's certainly going to be next!
3	Meh, service was decent, vegetarian options were not that great. Water was tap, and the food was not fresh. Nothing special about this place, but it did not make me puke.Had the vegetarian enchiladas and they were not that flavorful.Price for lunch menu was cheap, under $10. Would I go again? No.If someone took me there, would I go...sure...
2	Would I go again? No.i agree with some of the other reviews. chips needed salt, food was not fresh, beans were runny...i had the cheese enchiladas, they were ok...my husband got a booger in his sprite. and the manager kept standing in front or around our table...not very comfortable.
4	Excellent food. They serve chips with bean dip and salsa. Typically, bean dip is an okay thin for me, but I do especially like the bean dip here. It has great flavor and has a slight kick to it.They have good lunch specials daily, and so far I've liked all of them.Aside from the lunch specials, I've had the Carne Asada and Fajitas. Both were fabulous! I haven't veered from those yet because I love them too much.The staff are pleasant and friendly. Today, the hostess seemed a little timid, but still pleasant.I definitely recommend this place for excellent food at a reasonable prices.
5	We love this place!!    We used to like to come in, when they offered up an all-you-can-eat (early-bird) dinner, that wasn't publicized, but we knew about it, and utilized it up to the last day of the program.  :)They have THE BEST 99 cent margaritas ever!!  Plus, if you come in at a certain time, you can get appetizers for half-price.  A couple of chicken quesadillas, an order of guacamole, and 2 margaritas each, and we are out of there for under $19 - you can't beat that!!!  Plus really delicious chips and salsa, including a bean dip, that is pretty tasty!!Ole!!
5	This place is great. we go there from time to time and the service is the best. The staff is always polite, and they seem very sincere when talking to you. Management must treat them well because they act like they are happy to serve their customers. If you have never been there, I highly recommend it. Oh, did I mention the food is great?
5	5Star service. Our first time here and everything couldn't have been more perfect. From the looks of the giant video billboard outside advertising $5.99 lunch specials we expected average Mexican fare. We got much more.Not only was the food excellent, the service was equal to the likes of The Pointe. The Food - Brunch served from 10:30-4:00I got the South of the Border Ranch Style Eggs with pork chile verde, eggs basted. The taste of the pork was superb. You can tell everything is made fresh. The food didn't come out in 5 minutes either so it's apparent they take their time making everything to order.She had the Breakfast Tostada substituting fajitas veggies for the meat, otherwise served with chorizo. Again, all the ingredients were fresh and tasty.The Little ThingsJohn, our waiter is low-key, extremely helpful and knowledgeable. He knows how to adapt many dishes for the vegetarian and gluten free eaters.We never had to ask for a thing.  If we needed an extra napkin, it was on the table before we had to ask. Used creamer and sugar packets were immediately bussed. A new cup of coffee was on the table just as I was finishing my last sip.The manager, Jason, made a nice appearance and welcomed us. After the meal, John spent a little extra time socializing but otherwise he was the invisible waiter who took care of all our needs.We'll be back and next time we're bringing our son on Sundays for face painting and because kids eat free.  Thanks Arriba!
5	Awesome meal and service.was in town on business and asked someone to recommend a good restaurant. This guy behind me jumps in and says you need to go to arriba.well ok then I wasn't disappointed all the food was great and the price was less than expected. Our waiter was friendly and attentive drinks, napkins and all needs taken care of with out asking.
4	I went in at 11:30 AM to beat the rush and got seated quickly and had my order placed within a couple of minutes.  Not more than 5 minutes later my food was ready.I ordered the chimichanga with ground beef.  Nice mix of spices, but not too heavy which is what I like.  Some places tend to add too much to ground beef and it dominates the taste.  The rice has a pepper mix added to it which wasn't to my liking, but to each his own.  The beans could use more flavor or maybe some cheese on top to mix in.The server and bus boy were both friendly and came around very often.  Overall the chimi was great, the place was clean, and the service was good.
4	I'm a nacho addict and the ones here are greasy, orgasmic deliciousness. They pile on the toppings, mmmm so good!! I rarely come here because it's a heart attack on a plate but it is GOOD. Oh, and combine it with the Happy Hour 99 cent margaritas. ... Can't really get a better deal anywhere else. The service here is okay ... Not the friendliest service, but whatever ... The good food and prices is where it's at.
3	I get that this is a Mexican food establishment but shouldn't the servers know more english than what's on the menu? I've been here twice and the first time was better than the second. I had a hard time communicating with the server on the second visit that made me feel like the first visit kind of a 50/50 shot that i had a good time.The building also seems a little on the rugged and dirty side...really, REALLY dim lighting as well. I could barely read the menu!Aside from the questionable service and quality of the place, the food is quite enjoyable. Try the cheese crisp!
5	If you love spicy food this is the place for you. I always feel like a get great service everytime I come. I bring my family often because We always enjoys the food, spirits, and service.
3	Favorites here are:  Hatch chicken Especial; White Sands Chimichanga and most of the daily lunch specials.  Nice place and the food is always the same consistent quality -- good but not fantastically spectacular -- but then again that isn't a bad thing over the years. Ditto for the margaritas.  Recent visit the food was as expected but as mentioned by others below, the place needs a good cleaning!  Sometimes a mop and a few rags just isn't enough.  I'll still stop though for lunch whenever I'm in the neighborhood and don't want to deal with the 24th/Camelback crowd.
1	I got sick eating this food.. DONT EAT HERE.. my wifes co workers had the same experience
4	One of my families favorite Mexican places to eat. You can count on the food and service being good every time you go. We like everything we've tried. Chips and salsa are good, also the bean dip
3	This is 1 of my sister's favor8 places but not quite mine. She luvs spicy, me not so much (a li'l kick does me fine, but more than that kick's my (_y_) & there's not much 4 those like me 2 select from off their menu). Most everything including entrees & appetizers has their sign8ture hatch chili's in/on it which is just 2 much 4 me.   Last time we went here 4 her B~day celebr8ion she didn't touch anything on her pl8 but took it home 4 l8r. She was more focused on nursing her gargantuan margaritas so her fascin8ion may also b w/ the drink specials.   I ordered some breaded mushrooms, a side of guacamole 2 go w/ my chips & had the spinach enchiladas w/ a chile rellano side. The chips w/ guac & bean dip were actually the best of what I had. Mushrooms were ok but over~fried & bland, the enchiladas were good but WAY 2 Salty & the rellano was drenched in sauce that tasted kinda fishy 4 some reason (perhaps cross contamin8ion) which was unexpected & not the most complimentary flavors 2gether but still decent.   Our w8er kept missing details & tho I know he was busy & seemed nice 4 the most part, he still could have made things a bit better knowing we were there 4 a special occasion. We ordered a special sopapilla churro dessert they were promoting 4 my sister because we wanted 2 c her @ least eat (instead of drink) something. It showed a large mint green choc chip scoop of ice~cream pictured in the center w/ choc sauce drizzled over but she got a small scoop of vanilla in center w/ no chocol8 topping. I don't trust sending food back (especially after seeing the movie Waiting) so I asked him 2 pls bring the correct ice~cream in a small bowl which was the 5th detail he missed while w8ing on our small party.   So overall not good nor bad, so it'll most likely stay a place I go 2 only when it's my sister's B~day choice as I really don't care 2 spend my hard~earned $$ on average food, service, &/or experience in a somewhat outd8ed interior. Maybe that's why they push the enormous drink specials so much cuz then no1 would care but I hardly drink~like 2 experience things in their entirety so here's my take...
1	If you are looking for tasteless Mexican this is your place.  Besides no flavor, the dishes don't come with any garnishes such as sour cream or guacamole. I had a chicken tostada except there was barely any chicken and was about five inches in diameter. My husband had a Chile Relleno and Two Tostittos plus a coke. No rice or beans and our bill was $28!
2	I have always heard of this place on tv. I was around the area and decided to check it out. Walking in was not to expectations. It's to dark, dungeony and it has a weird smell and very hot in here. The place highly needs some upgrades and natural light. I was by myself to I sat at the bar. Ordered house margarita... Prices are from $7-16.99 a drink depending on the ounces. The staff is nice but not friendly. The restaurant provides u with chips, salsa and spicy bean dip. I have ordered from the lunch menu and seems a little high priced for a lunch min. 7.99- 12.99 majority is $9.99 a plate without an al carte option. I had gone to discount tires and obtained a 20% coupon for eating at arrivals since it's right next door.
4	The margaritas wont do ya dirty!
2	To be honest I was fairly disappointed with Aribas. People had given me mixed reviews prior to me going there and it seemed either people really liked it or weren't impressed at all; and upon going there myself I could see why. At first I was shocked and ecstatic by their dollar margarita special during happy hour, however when we got our drinks you could barely taste any tequila (although they were only a dollar, it literally felt like I was drinking flavored water). The chips and salsa at the table were awesome (probably the best part of eating there). I ordered enchiladas which were pretty undercooked and didn't really have much flavor outside of the melted cheese. My friends got the spicy chicken entree and a chimichanga. The spicy chicken was ridiculously spicy and not very good; the chimichanga was pretty good however but nothing special. Out waitress seemed very aloof the whole time we were there and the one thing that bothered me the most was a small side of sour cream was $1.99!!!!! despite the meals being pricey to begin with.
3	Go here for the happy hour...$1 margaritas!! M-F 3-7pm & 9pm - CloseTortillas and salsa: good, you get 3 types of dipsFood and service was ok...nothing too spectacular Decor is cool but it is quite dark in here making it sometimes difficult to read the menu. Would def go back and sit at the bar!
4	Last time I was here probably five or six years back? Saw they have a sign out they have Street Tacos for lunch special. I never try Street taco before I always order other stuff when in a Mexican restaurant. I am glad I tried. It was pork topped with chopped onions and tomatoes and with some lime juice...hmmm...yum yum. Try to avoid lunch rush hour tho or there will be wait.
4	Love the drinks, love the happy hour! 99 cent house margaritas could you go wrong with this? They also have large drinks you can share. The food is always awesome. Service could be better but it's not bad. We are frequent diners here.
1	Omg, what happened to this place. Had some shopping to do across the street.  Me & boyfriend stopped in after work, sat in the bar. Checked out the grease covered hh menu,  order a beer & Jim beam. Drinks come & the beer is half ass cold, Jim was fine. Chit chatting with the old man & we noticed a fly...no big deal...As the conversation progressed we couldn't keep the conversation going without swatting flies.  After a while I burst out into hysterical laughter,  this shit was ridiculous! Instantly transported back to rocky point hungover eating fly infested tacos roadside and you don't care because your lucky to have survived the night in Mexico!  Its Ok, I'm Mexican I can say this shit!Anyway still sitting at the bar waiting for pozole & enchiladas,  the couple right behind us is in sneezing distance - literally this fucking guy is sneezing open mouth all over the place, my back was wet. Fuck it, I actually taste the food. Eh,  the posole was decent & the spinach enchiladas salty. Oh wait we also ordered taquitos appetizer.  See the photo, the fucking fly posted for a SELFIE! You want Mexican,  tons of other places. Skip this place, overpriced.  Loved it back in the day, crash & burn this place is toast!
3	We often stop at Arriba after a Dbacks game, or anything downtown. The menu is huge and everything is delicious. My husband had a steak (carne asada), wanting a low carb option. I drank the huge 1800 margarita and it was yummy, not all ice like some restaurants will serve you! I had the mini chimis and they were greasy but good, very little filling, though. The rice and beans were good, but I would order the charro beans instead of the refried. The reason for 3 stars, the bathrooms.....not awful, but need a good scrubbing. The walls, floors, maybe even the ceiling....look like they need some attention.  I just had to wash my hands and left the bathroom wondering if maybe I was worse than before I went in.
5	This place was ON IT! The staff was very friendly and did anything they could to make our visit better!
4	Im drooling just thinking about this place!!! Once again, had a bad craving for Mexican food and was across the street. SOOOOOO good. First, the fact that they brought out salsa AND bean dip, I love. Not everyone likes salsa, I liked having a little of both. Both were good. I ordered the 3 cheese chimi with jalapeno cream cheese. OHHH MY GOSH!!! One of the best items ive had, of all Mexican food dishes!!! Obsessed. Probably will only order that from here on out at this place. The waitress was so nice, and attentive. Margarita was cheap and good. AND on sundays kids eat free. Good food cheap liquor and free to feed the kid?! Winner in my book!
5	Great lunch special 4.99 chimichanga , rice ,beans with all you can eat  chips, salsa and refried beans. I would recommend it for lunch anytime, with fast service and with friendly service.
1	Gross. This place is a disgrace to mexican food . I swear everything in our plate came out of a can. Not fresh and not by anyway good. I hate leaving a place hungry but you couldn't force half that stuff town my throat.
1	Very low budget! Margaritas in a plastic Dixie cup!!! Will not return. We were told because of budgeting. The server Josh was great,he made the visit good. Give him a raise!
