4	Downtown Glenedale, who knew?! An adorable cottage houses the best Vietnamese restaurant in North Phoenix, if not all of Phoenix! Family owned and run, you feel more and more like part of the family with each visit. They have a foundation of loyal customers built on word of mouth.An extensive menu of usual  Vietnamese dishes. and though they have fab pho, my favorite dish is the barbecued fish (off the menu)- hand delivered on a steaming platter by Dad himself! One of these is enough for 2. Wash it down with a '33' beer and take a leisurely stroll through downtown Glendale.
5	Little Saigon, such a quaint little place in [usually] desolate old town Glendale. Weekends are reasonably busy here, but we came on a Thursday...and were basically the only ones there. Is 8pm really that late??? Come on, night owls, where are you?Ordered the delicious spring rolls (as described in the review below mine). The sweet fish sauce is such a great complement for these things. Also had the egg crepe, filled with bean sprouts and shrimp. Bean sprouts were fresh, crisp...but the shrimp were a little overcooked. Piling the crepe onto a bed of lettuce, mint leaves, and lemongrass was so refreshing. You can eat so much of this stuff, and not feel guilty. Those were just appetizers. Now onto the main course. I'm always indecisive about which soup I want, but I settled with the #12, which consisted of rice noodles in beef broth, beef and pork slices, tendon, tripe, and meatballs (consistency was similar to that of the meat in a gyro). With some generous dashes of sriracha, chili paste, and fish sauce, I was in another world. In addition, this lovely medley was served in a king size bowl. Thumbs up to that, and to myself... for finishing the whole thing. Everyone I dined with was quite satisfied with their dishes, and I would have liked to share a description of each dish, except I was too consumed with my own bowl that I became oblivious of my surroundings about 20 minutes into the meal. Towards the end, the endearing chef made an appearance and surprised us with dessert- on the house. Nice!  I enjoy coming here... very homey, and lighthearted people. I'll probably visit again this week!
5	I love Little Saigon! Heard about it from my doc and went the same night. We've probably been back at least a dozen times. The ambiance is adorable (makes a great date place), prices EXTREMELY reasonable and the food is awesome. You truly can't go wrong but I advise sticking to the traditional dishes for the most bang!
5	What makes Little Saigon so special is the quality of the ingredients. The meats are lean, the veggies are fresh. I am a huge fan of Vietnamese fresh spring rolls, which are not baked or fried. Filled with rice noodles, shrimp and pork these are a refreshing starter for any meal... they can be a meal on their own! I like the bahn xeo (which reminds me of a thin fritatta filled with bean sprouts). The pho is great with all white meat chicken (and I kick it up a notch with the hot sauce and hoisen which are already on the table)! When I'm not in the mood for soup, I like to get the vermicelli dishes and have tried most of them over the course of the past two years. Satisfied every time! This is a great spot for dinner before Glendale Glitters or any of the many other festivals that take place in downtown Glendale.
4	This quaint little restaurant near downtown Glendale has been here for about 3 years, but has a long history in the valley in 2 other locations, including originally in Scottsdale. It is now in a converted house, with a little white picket fence in front. Cute!There is a large fish tank at the entry, and then there are 2 seperate small dining rooms. Large wood beams go acros the ceilings. A tall, bald Causasian man took my order, but he knew Vietnamese food, and the cook is a little Vietnamese old lady, and she can cook! This restuarant has all the usual dishes you would find in a place like this, from Pho (noodle soup) to Com (rice plates) to Bun (Rice vermicelli plates). But I started with the Goi Cuon (spring rolls). 2 of them came on a single order, and were very large! Usually you get just 2 shrimps in each, but they had 3 or 4 shrimp in each! Lotsa veggies and pork, too! Served with a peanut sauce. Instead of all the typical plates, I also went for one of my favorite appetizers again....Banh Xeo! Banh Xeo is a large crepe/omelet like half-crescent pancake, stuffed with bean sprouts, pork and shrimp, and fried to a crispy shell, sort of like a Dosa in Indian Food. For $6.99, I got two large Banh Xeo! Most places only give you 1, so this is a great deal. It was tasty and crispy! They served it with the Romaine leaves to wrap up sections of the Banh Xeo into, along with the pickled carrots, daikon (white raddish), cilantro to stuff inside, and the Nuoc Mam (fish sauce) to dip into. It is really messy to cook Banh Xeo, what with all the dough and frying, and it is perhaps more messy to eat it, as you wrap it in romaine with a bunch of veggies, and dip it into the Nuoc Mam, and then try to make it to your salivating mouth! By the end (I couldn't finish the entire 2), I advise you go wash your hands, or smell like Nuoc Mam for hours later! PS - they offer Vietnamese 33 beer!
5	After a fairly miserable first experience at Little Saigon, I was hesitant to go back, but because I know so many people who hold it in such high regard, I've been back several times. It grows on me a little bit every time and I realized that ever since I haven't seen the bad server I had the first time, I've really liked it!They do fantastic spring rolls, with a tasty peanut sauce and the presentation is much nicer than usual. Bun Cha and Pho Tai are two dishes I've had there multiple times and was really impressed. Cold, fresh veggies, quality ingredients, and great taste. This is a family run business and it really shows with the pride they take in getting to know their customers, and efficient friendly service. The restaurant, being in a home, has a certain charm that I'm used to downtown and really appreciate. This isn't my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in town, but it's up there with the best. I wish their prices weren't so high. They are at least a dollar more per item than anyone else.
2	This restaurant was clean, and nice, the service was good. However, stay away from the bun bo hue, it was a disaster. I've never tasted anything so horrible!!! The pho was decent though, I've never tried anything else there. I will probably not come back.
4	Allright, this a review based on my SECOND visit to LS.  The first visit was about 2 years ago when LS was first getting into their new digs in Old Town Glendale.  Needless to say both visits were positive, but my second visit was a close encouter of the delicious kind.I ordered the Pho to go (yo) cause I'm a slave monkey for my company and not allowed to take a "lunch hour"   I tell the waiter "extra meat for a buck please" .  Not only does he NOT forget this like I figured he would,  he separates the meat into it's own little lifeboat so it doesn't cook itself to leather in da broth.  Massive, massive shibby my man.  And such extra meat he gave! (in a very hetero way I assure you).  This was one of the only times I couldn'y finish my Pho off.  Usually I'm bitching and moaning like a 4 year old on ADD meds, but this time I was supremely satisfied and not dissapointed in the carne content of my soup.  Rock on Saigon.  Charlie has definetly secured this area.
5	I've been dying to try this place and finally made it for lunch today - Wow - Awesome! We had the egg rolls and Pho Ga - Excellent - everything was fresh and tasted amazing ;-) Everyone was really nice and welcoming... I will definitely be back!
4	I have tried 5 different Vietnamese restaurants in the recent past.  This one stands out in my mind as the best of them.  And none of them had any reason not to go back.  For one thing the setting in the old house is great.  And it has a shaded patio out front.  I had a chicken dish with rice which came to my table still at a full boil.  I would have liked to try the egg rolls but 6 in an order would have been a full meal in itself.  The party next to me had an order of spring rolls and egg rolls and their comments were good.  I went in the middle of lunch on a Friday and it was almost at capacity but I was seated right away and there was some delay (maybe 5 minutes) in taking my order but the food came out in a normal time.  As in many Asian restaurants it is a family operation with the son of the owners being my waiter.  Being just over a mile from work I will be back again.  Parking in downtown Glendale can be a hassle at times, less than a block away on the NE corner of 57th Ave. and Glenn Dr is a lot that only gets full during special events. In fact the downtown area is small enough I would park there to go almost anywhere in the area, but I don't mind walking.
5	Vietnamese food in Glendale?  Holy Crap this place was fantastic.  Its set in this little ol house on Glendale and 57th ave in what appears to be a local hangout  Whats cool is that this place must have a huge following because the waiter new half the people in the restaurant. The place is small on the inside it has two rooms.  We were in the first one as you walked in which had seating for about 20+ people it was pleasantly decorated and the beer and wine was clearly visible from our table.  They serve house wine and beer.  And yes you can get Vietnamese beer here.  We started our meal with the appetizer crepes.  The crepes were filled with yummy shrimp pork and rice noodles.  Our waiter showed us how to eat these as they come with lettuce leaves that you are supposed to wrap the crepe in add some veggies and dip in oil.  Messy But FUN!  and so so tasty.  The crepe was light and so were the fillings.  Don't be intimidated by the size of the appetizer which is monstrous because if you share its enough.  For my dinner I had the dumpling soup.  Which was just awesome.  The broth is fantastic.  The egg noodles perfect and the garnish was absolutely awesome.  It comes with mint leaves, bean sprouts and lemon.  My girl had the mix rice bowl with chicken,pork, and egg rolls.  Hers was so mouth watering and she had so much we took the other half home and had a midnight snack!Now I haven't had Vietnamese food in forever and I was over joyed by the friendliness and comfort of this place.  We will be back.  I would recommend this for anyone wanted to try something that is a little different but very tasty.  You will be glad you did!Lastly I dont know what this is a two cash sign price range.  For two dinners an appetizer and two glasses of wine we paid 26 bucks.
2	If it were closer to home I would give it a second go, but it's just too far, and was too mediocre for the drive.  I got one of their "Pho" dishes, turkey, ham and beef.  The meat seemed of very low quality, actually made me wish I would have gone veggie.  The spring rolls were alright, but nothing I will be writing home to Mom about.They do have a cool fish tank, which almost bumped them to a 3 star'r.
4	Okay, I'll admit it: one of the reasons I love going into any type of Eastern restaurant is because I'm still fairly ignorant of the cuisine.  Sure, I'll try just about anything, but half the time, I still don't know what it even is I'm ordering.  I really enjoy that.The reason I bring that up is that there is SO much to try on the menu at Little Saigon.  It's a pretty sizable menu, and it might not be ideal for the indecisive.  Luckily, the size of the menu did not seem to diminish the skill at which it was prepared.The appetizers looked like something out of a gourmet food magazine.  The main dishes (at least mine) was served literally still boiling and bubbling.  It all tasted as good as it smelled.  Oh, and since I seem to be addicted to trying new things, I'll advise you on this: the salted plum tea is actually surprisingly good.While I'm no expert on Vietnamese cuisine, I'm sure I'll find myself back here soon to keep learning.
5	I can't add much to the great reviews, except I had to rave about Little Saigon!I've tried a few Vietnamese restaurants on the west side, then my hubby stumbled across Little Saigon on his first trip to Yelpland.  Located in charming downtown Glendale only two miles from home, we went there on a Saturday night.  There is a generous patio with lovely twinkle lights, and you can hear the music from the coffee shop across the street.  The interior is bright and cheerful, with, I think, 3 rooms.The place was almost full - always a good sign, and a very friendly waiter seated us and took our drink orders.  The menu is generous, and the prices reasonable.  We shared spring rolls and potstickers.  Best spring roll ever, methinks: not too much lettuce as filler, delish pork and shrimp that tastes like it once swam, with a light peanut sauce that does not overwhelm.  The potstickers were also great - generously filled with tasty pork and veggies, complimented by a mild Asian BBQ sauce.  We were off to a good start.Hubs, who is new to Vietnamese cuisine, and who gets props for trying, chose a pan fried rice noodle dish with meat (at least chicken and shrimp) and veggies.  He thoroughly enjoyed it, generously offering me one bite, and pretending not to notice when I stole a couple more. Just as my bench-mark dish for rating Thai restaurants is Pad Thai, my dish for Vietnamese food is Bun Thit Nuong (or Bun Thit Heo Nuong here).  My bowl had all the right stuff: tender, flavorful grilled pork (not a speck of gristle - a first in Phoenix!), lettuce, bean sprouts, cilantro, mint, and julienned cukes, vermicelli and sauce.  I love the sweet, vinegary sauce that comes with Bun Thit Nuong, and my sweet server told me the ingredients.  It was simply so very good.Little Saigon has the whole package:  clean, cute, friendly and attentive service, and excellent food.  We can't wait to go back and try some of the other things on the menu, and mentioned in Yelp reviews.  Can you say "Yum, yum", Dum Dum?
5	I admit it. I'm a romantic. Sometimes I give my heart away too easily to a handsome french fry here, or a buff egg roll there, only to have it broken on our second meeting. The french fry has gone limp, the egg roll greasy. That's why I forced myself to hold back after going to Little Saigon the first time. I had to see how I'd feel on our next date. Now I'm ready.The place is really cute. It's in one of the little houses that make up much of downtown Glendale's shopping district. You'd expect to be served Irish stew or corned beef and cabbage here. There are lace curtains in the windows and potted fake plants scattered about. But the food is Vietnamese, and lots of it, too. You can order by number, or enjoy feeling foolish trying to pronounce the Vietnamese names of the dishes correctly - all one hundred and one of them. So far we've tried eight.The dish that first delighted us was #62, bo cuon la nho ($9.99), This, of course, is marinated beef wrapped in grape leaves and served with rice noodles and "paper". It comes, as do many of the dishes, with a large helping of fresh-as-can-be romaine lettuce leaves, mint, thai basil, coriander, and sliced carrots and cucumbers. It it looks like you're going to run out of greens, the pleasant servers (none of them Vietnamese) happily bring you more. The beef is tender and flavorful, contrasting nicely with the brininess and chew of the grape leaves. On our second visit,  Ken ordered #55, black peppered bite-size pork ribs with caramelized onions ($6.99). It was served in a pot which came boiling to the table. The broth was delectable, flavored by the onions, and the ribs were falling off the bone with just the right jolt of pepper.I decided to order two appetizers - egg rolls ($4.99) and banh xeo ($7.99), which are rice flour crepes filled with pork, shrimp and bean sprouts. The egg rolls were good, but not noteworthy. The crepes were delicious. I've had them at other places and they usually arrive at the table soggy from the filling. These were perfectly dry and crisp, despite the load of meat and veggies. Our friend Sue, who was with us on our first visit and happily came on the second, had the fried rice bowl ($6.99) both times, so we plied her with our goodies. I bet the next time she'll go with the ribs.There are 10 variations of Pho, with rice noodles, and 5 more soups made with egg noodles. Then there are 6 hot pot soups. Many dishes are served over rice, and others with stir fry noodles. Catfish is done 4 ways and shrimp 3. There are 3 green mussel salads and 5 mixed salads including one with jellyfish. I could go on, but if you go on line, you can see the menu for yourself.As I mentioned above, the servers are friendly and attentive. They actually remembered our names and what we had eaten on our first visit. We had directed other friends to Little Saigon that night, and the servers remembered them, too. The portions are large, the ingredients fresh. And there's even a cute patio. I think I'm ready to commit.
4	after reading the reviews on here, decided to give it a try....Started off with the spring rolls and then got the combo fried rice(w pork, beef, chicken and shrimp), gotta say I was very impress with all the flavors that came out those dishes, added a little spice and everything was nice.The service was good, very attentive and will help you out with their expansive menu.Gonna visit again soon.
5	I don't know anything about Viet Namese food, this is the only place I've ever eaten it, but I do know a good restaurant when I see one. The food is fast and fresh, the service is awesome, and the decor is cute. The prices are more than reasonable, cheap even for the quality of food. The selection is huge and helpfully translated into what the items actually are and the staff can answer any questions about it. It's a little far for me to visit often but it's always worth the drive.
5	I've been to about 20 Vietnamese places. I mainly get pho or rice plates but this place is great. Pho soup tasted great, eggrolls (kinda on the small size) but still taste awesome. And the rice plates or awesome. This was the first time I've had a beef salad and it was soooo good. I would recommend it. Out of all the places I have ate pho this place ranks in my top 5.
4	I haven't had their pho or spring rolls so I will have to update once I try it.I ordered the bun and it was good. I wouldn't say it was amazing, but the only other place I ordered bun in the West Valley was fairly disappointing (I will not name the place nor criticize them because they do have amazing pho). The service was amazing. The servers are friendly, smiley, and they are champs about refilling your water. I also tried their chardonnay (can't remember the label, only saw one on the menu) which was surprisingly tasty for $3/glass. The atmosphere is nice and clean, doesn't seem like your typical oriental restaurant.I would definitely come back here and recommend this place to my friends.
5	I'm no expert on Vietnamese cuisine, but my first experience at Little Saigon made me want to learn more.  This place is wonderful, and you should try it next time you find yourself in Glendale.  The fun begins before you're even seated, as the restaurant is in a little old house.  The tables aren't jammed together and the artwork is eye-pleasing and relaxing.Friend and I were impressed by the friendly, quick service.  But the food impressed us even more.  We had the potsticker appetizer, one of the best ever... not the sticky white dough typically found in a Chinese restaurant potsticker, these wraps are more like a thin French crepe, beautifully browned, filled with pork and veggies.  The dipping sauce on the side was delicious, though we also made use of the condiments provided at every table, namely fish sauce, sriracha, chili-garlic paste, and soy sauce.We had two salads... #96, jellyfish salad with shrimp, pork, julienned  carrots and other veggies, and some herbs... and the #97, the lotus root and shrimp salad, also containing pork and julienned veggies.  Either salad could pass as a meal and we got the SMALL versions.  The flavors are off the charts on both, savory, herby, ginger, fennel, just delicious.  For entrees we got the #51, lemongrass chicken, and #55, bite size pork ribs with caramelized onions.  Both arrived at the table in clay hotpots, still bubbling, and were savory and satisfying.We have resolved to go back to try the pho (which looked very good as we ogled our neighbors' tables) and other tempting offerings.  This place deserves the 5 stars, and your business.  You'll thank me!
4	i drove by that area many times.. and i always thought it was someone's home.. =  )food is great.. been going there since 2007..  spring roll is great.. peanut sauce.. mmmm... i usually get ice coffee,  spring roll, and garlic shrimp..  i have tried almost everything on their menu..  few are good.. few are.. so so.. family owned place..  servers are great! love the older man who cooks in the kitchen.. i believe he is the main owner, and his son and wife are the servers..  they are awesome..  i love it when cook gets upset and start yelling!! it is like dinner and show!! =  )  if you like tofu.. try their glazed onion tofu.. it is crispy outside.. and soft inside.. man.. now i am getting hungry!!!price is fair.. food is awesome.. great service.. perfect winning combo!!
4	My wife and I were looking to go eat some Thai food and searched Yelp for reviews. We spotted Little Saigon and it's great reviews. We have never had Vietnamese food before. We decided to give it a shot.The place is a cozy little house in Glendale. We were welcomed by the son of the owner and he greeted us like we were family. We were seated promptly and a great meal ensued!We especially like the veggie fried rolls app. Delicious! The curry chicken dish was good, but the cuts of chicken could've been better.We will be back and recommend you check this place out!
5	Where to even start...YUMMMMMMMY! My husband and I should have a frequent flyer card to Little Saigon we love it so much and could not feel more at home when we go there. John and his family have created the such hidden gem of Glendale in a refurbish home; filled with the aromas of a home cooked vietnamese meal as you walk in the front door. We try to make it there at least once a week if possible...and we always ask John what to order (he's never steered us wrong)...and to this date we've NEVER had a bad meal....and thats at least 15-20 meals later. Some of our favorites include the Potsickers (a must have starter), #27 which is a pan fried noodle with light brown sauce meats, chicken shrimp and veggies (AMAZING), the fried rice is out of bounds (and John's dad has now been making it a little spicier with basil...props to the master chef himself...he's outdone even his own masterpiece!). The ginger chicken it great as well as a sirloin dish with green onion (our new found favorite...with a side of 'coleslaw'). I can't say enough great things about Little Saigon....Oh and it's reasonably priced too! But you won't be disappointed!!!
4	First time eating Vietnamese Food.  Waiter was delightful and helpful.Wonderful food, very fresh and healthy! I wish it were closer to Scottsdale!
5	This place is Da BOMB!!! I've been to many Viet places around Arizona and this is one of my top 3 I enjoy very much. The eggrolls and spring rolls are awesome. I would suggest either one for an appetizer. The pho is scrumpdidleyumptous.  And the rice plates are off the chain. They can get busy but they are worth the wait.
4	Vietnamese restaurants are not traditionally known for their ambiance, but this one really made me feel at home. Although some of the tables are pretty close to each other, it is a very comfortable environment. The dining experience was much nicer than I expected!My favorite Vietnamese dish is the vermicelli bowl with pork, and I also always get spring rolls. The meal here was one very good. It didn't meet up to my all-time favorite (Pho Tau Bay in New Orleans) and I think Da Vang makes it slightly better, but it was very good. The spring rolls were much better than those at the other places I've tried. (Sidenote: Really, how hard is it to make these? How can places like Saigon Nites and Cyclo not make them as good as me? And I'm a Cajun that learned by reading the back of a spring roll wrapper container!)My companion thoroughly enjoyed the boba tea; I didn't think it was worth the money, as it was only so-so. I did enjoy a good Vietnamese beer, but I don't remember what kind it was. Other than the beverages, the prices were reasonable.As mentioned by others, it's hard to find a place to park, but it's definitely a great place to eat (quality and price) if you are in downtown Glendale.
5	Little Saigon is the best Vietnamese food I've had in the Phoenix area.  The restaurant is family owned and the food is great.  I suggest the Rice Vermicelli with grilled pork and shrimp.
5	we LOVE this place! Super friendly atmosphere, excellent food. No joke, my wife and I have been there over 20 times, and have never once had a meal we didn't like. The owner, John and his wife Ha, are very nice people, and John gives us the best reccomendations. The prices are fair, and the tastes are amazing. You can't go wrong for great Vietnamese food in Arizona.
3	I came in on a work night to give a Pho place in Glendale a chance.  The place is located in downtown Glendale; which sadly is a neglected part of town which makes the worst of Phoenix look pristine...  An ethic restaurant like this is a positive for this downtown although I think its location here is it's downside and it's way too far from the freeway or other SE Asian shopping center.I had to park on the street. I notice it look like a house converted to a restaurant ; charming.. Upon entering the restaurant, the decor reminds me of Hob Knob coffee shop with wood ceiling and painting and art .. Although I must say the choice of artwork appears as though 3 separate persons decided to decorate it with their own style. The place has 3 separate rooms for dining with decent clean seatings... This place seems to be run by a family and it seems the two male servers appeared rush to service their guests; which weren't many.I ordered my favorite Viet dish; super Pho for about $8. My bowl arrived in about 5 minutes. The pho is a large bowl and had lots more water than substances which made it look like a wonton soup. The garnishments I received were few and still wet; and didn't do anything to improve the pho experience as much as it should traditionally. The spices were basic and limited availabilty. I actually enjoy the clean and flavorful broth the most instead of the meat (not the choicest but acceptable) and noodles. I have to give this place credit for the design and how it makes one feel at home but when it comes to the food where it counts the most; the pho, it falls short and could be improved if more effort is put in. Pho is an anchored dish and should be done well which this one I had was not...The location of this restuarant is what may be killing this place!! There's hardly any Asian guests here.. It feels more like a neighbor access restaurant than a commendable destination Viet restaurant that I would take the time to travel and take my folks to... In the future, if I'm in the area, I would gladly give this place another try but have a different dish to see if it had those SE Asian flavors...
2	I've finally had a chance to come back to this restaurant and try their pho.  The service was still amazing so I feel somewhat guilty, but I'm going with 2 stars.  After all, pho is the main factor here.  I was really disappointed by their pho.  The broth was bland and lacked flavor.  The meat was okay, but the portions were a bit small.  I'm gonna have to stick with Central King Eggroll for pho - the only place I've found in AZ that is even close to CA pho quality.
4	I was in Glendale briefly and my friend who lives there took me here for some good ol' Asian food. It was a great pick since I hadn't been eating anything substantial all day. I only managed to get one dish, of course, but would be willing to try out more if I go back!Those of you familiar with Com Tam entrees will know what this common restaurant dish is that I ordered. It was charbroiled pork with egg cake, pickled vegetables, broken Jasmine rice, and shredded pork. This also came with a bowl of Vietnamese fish sauce which I prompted doused my rice in because I love broken rice mixed with that sauce. The pork itself was delectable though a little tough to cut. They had sliced it up into attached strips, however, so that was easier than having to cut it all up myself. The vegetables were great but not as crisp as I would've liked. My complaint with the dish was the egg cake, which was too hard and condensed. It made me wonder if it had been sitting around for a little bit because of its texture. I only managed two bites of it before I called it quits. As for my drink, I had a Thai tea that I had asked for without boba but the waiter still put it in there...and it wasn't great at all. The Thai tea itself was delicious but the boba was disgusting. I avoided it by drinking from the top. My friends ordered pho so if I ever went back there again, I think I'd try that next.
5	Fo-yeah!! This place rocks!The first time we went there was based on Yelp reviews and we weren't disappointed. The egg rolls eaten wrapped in mint and cilantro and dipped in fish sauce simply blew us away. I'm yet to taste that kind of perfection anywhere else.The second time we went, the service kind of put us off. The waiter brought us the wrong order and when we sent it back he made faces and ignored us the remainder of the meal, which we thought was very unprofessional. My husband gives the 'Fo' 5 stars (a soup with noodles, meat and sprouts ) which is really high considering that he has eaten really great authentic Vietnamese food in Japan and HK.We love this place and will keep going back.
4	The trek from Ahwatukee to Glendale is loooong, but luckily I have family in these parts, so we come here often.  Hands down, the best Vietnamese food I've had in the valley, no contest.The place is a very small converted house, and truly, because of the size, you feel as if you are there for a friend's homecooking rather than at a fancy restaurant.  So small in fact, that if you have a large party (which they can absolutely accommodate, by the way) you should call ahead.  I know some people call this a pho restaurant (and the pho is good - not the best I've ever had, but good) but really, it is absolutely a Vietnamese restaurant first and foremost.  Given the extensive menu with a long list of homestyle dishes, pho doesn't take a backseat, but it's certainly not the star of the show.The one thing that I love about Little Saigon is that every dish comes with copious condiments.  Cha gio (crispy spring rolls) come with mounds of lettuce, cilantro, mint, carrots and daikon with bright nuoc mam (fish sauce) for dipping.  All of the soups include cilantro, mint, basil, bean sprouts, jalapeno and lime - I will instantly dock points if I'm having pho and I don't get all of the above.  Plus, crazy good dishes like the Curry Catfish with Black Pepper Sauce (served on a sizzling plate for two) come with rice and lettuce for wrapping as well.  Favorites of mine are the Summer Rolls with tasty shrimp and bits of grilled beef, Bun with Grilled Pork, the Pho with Meatballs and the Caramelized Catfish.  Even the fried rice that my husband always gets is savory goodness.One important thing to note, though the waiters are perennially friendly and bustling, and the owner/chef is fabulous, this is not the place to make special recommendations or changes to the dishes.  If you are a fussy eater or want things your way, 9 times out of 10, you will not win that battle.  We've been coming here a while, and have seen some interesting antics between the kitchen and the dining room.  Just order and enjoy, the food truly is so good, you shouldn't have to make special requests as it is.Very very worth the trip to Glendale.  I'm jealous of you guys, west side!
1	Boo! Went with a big birthday group after confirming business hours. Got their well over 30 mins before their posted closing business time. Told us kitchen was already closed and turned us away!I would understand if it was a bar/sportsbar where they have last calls for kitchen food and a bar to operate later than their kitchen. If a restaurant has certain hours, I was always under the impression the kitchen is open until the closing time. May take a while for me to want to come back here. Even tried to plead our case and it was a no go as the host sat there counting his money. Wow.
4	My biggest complaint is that it will take me years to get through the menu! Their food is good and its a true family run business. The atmosphere is quaint and intimate. Whenever I go I get the server to bring me whatever they recommend at the time. I have never had the same thing twice!
5	Wowzers this place is amazing! For months now I have been craving something different. My family and I were driving around friday night in search of food and talking about how bored we were with our usual food choices. We have also stopped going to some places because they just aren't what they used to be. So as we drove off from another establishment that wasn't what we were in the mood for we ended up finding a place called Little Saigon. Can I just say OMG, the staff was very friendly ( Hi John) :) and the place was clean and packed. I have to say I really enjoyed this place and the food was soooo good as well as the green tea that we had. I recommend this place 100% and the price we paid for all the food we got made me do my happy dance. You HAVE to go to Little Saigon I promise you will NOT be disappointed! Lets just put it this way I don't think I will be getting my LapBand surgery so I can continue eating there :D it's that good. Tell them Shortie sent ya.
3	This was the first time eating Vietnamese food for both my husband and I.  we started with the veggie egg rolls and they were really tasty with lots of veggies to eat with them.  we got a pho that had some meat in it, next time I will get the veggie one.  I ordered the house fried rice by mistake, It was OK kinda greasy and I am not big on meat so I picked around alot.  ordered the pork short ribs with caramelized onions based the the great reviews on here and honestly they  grossed my husband and I out,  he said the smell was repulsive to him and I thought they really smelled like dirty pig.  all in all we enjoyed most of our meal. we will go back because there were other things we wanted to try. there was a guy waiter there and I wish he had served us he was very good at recommending things and explaining the dishes to his tables.
5	Well ended up at Little Saigon on Sat. night too and again great service and wonderful food. I am always affraid to try new things but I have trusted John's (the server) suggestions and loved them. I noticed going to this place it almost feels like going to visit with family the staff is so nice and even the people that go in there have been really nice. It was packed saturday when we went and there were so many different types of people and I still felt that warm welcoming feeling. I really like this place a lot and so does my family. I wanted to go agin tonight but I didn't want them to think I was stalking the place lol. So if you are ever in the area check this place out it is the bomb!
4	My husband introduced me to this place and I can't get enough of their egg rolls! I love the fresh ingredients used and the simplicity of the dishes. Yum. The servers are extremely nice and always helpful in case I need advice on something to eat! ;)  John is always a pleasure so hopefully you'll get the chance to have him serve you! But either way everyone here is wonderful!
5	I've been coming here for a few years and I enjoy it every-time. The food is fresh and delicious and service is fast.
4	The servers here are always very friendly and knowledgeable about their food. They have a few veggie items on their menu. On my last visit I had the veggie fried rolls and the Bok Choy Ginger soup which was siprisingly tasty given it's simplicity. My boyfriend really likes their Pho Ga. *Note: the spring rolls come with warm marinated meat which I do not care for.
4	FINALLY... I found our go-to pho place in the West side.  Excellent portion sizes for the price, ton of menu items, and airy atmosphere (good chance you won't smell like the food when you leave).  Only went here once, but definitely good enough to rate it now.  Food updates after a few more eats.
5	Still the best Vietnamese food in town. For that matter, the best asian comfort food. Always a good meal. My wife and I hadn't been in almost six months (stupid diets) took a friend from out of town last night, and it was amazing... just like we remembered it. John (the owners son) and his wife Ha, remembered us, and asked us where we had been! LOVE THIS PLACE. This is a must try restaurant!
4	Went on a Sunday afternoon with my brother since we were near downtown Glendale.  It is slightly hidden, but if you have Yelp you will FIND it.   =)  It is a house converted to a restaurant, so it is pretty small.  I ordered #1 Cha Gio:  Deep-fried egg rolls filled with ground pork.  Dip those yummies in the sweet fish sauce, I am gravy!  These were good, but I still preferred the "normal" size egg rolls.  Then I got #8 Pho Ga: rice noodle soup with shredded chicken.  The soup base is pretty good, plenty of noodles and cooked to the right texture, and the shredded chicken not fatty so excellent.  I also ordered the soy bean milk.  All in all I like the place and the food, but it is on the pricey side for Vietnamese food compared to other places.  Oh the service there is great.  The two servers were like basketball players.  In sync and great teamwork to make the customers happy.
4	I have been to the restaurant once . Its a family owned restaurant located in downtown Gledale. My experience has been good. The food is quite awesome.Food: 4 out of 5Ambience: 2 out of 5Service: 3 out of 5
5	Title: Awesome Vegetarian dishes, fellow Vegheads!ooo...My BFF and me hit this place after the Glendale Blues/Jazz Festival the other day and were pleasantly surprised. If you blink, you pass this puppy. We only found it cause we went one street too far wondering where we parked our motorcycles.We're Veg, so we ordered from the Vegetable entree menu and split everything.#78 Vegetarian coconut curry  - Awesome flavor although I hate white rice, it all meshed together beautifully.#80 Flash-fried tofu with carmelized onions and tangy soy sauce - It's the sweet soy sauce that made this dish.#84 Bok choy soup with ginger and onions - amaaaaazing flavor. Highly recommended. Tasted good for leftovers too. mmmm. mmmmPrice was hella right, peeps. Only $6.99 for each of these delicious dishes. Say wha?????Cheap date night fer sure!There were only like 2 servers so the service was a bit slow but very friendly. As of  4/9/11, they weren't serving alcohol per a few posted signs. I assume waiting for a liquor license to come through.Will be eating at this gem and recommending to friends every chance I get.
5	Hands down THE best Vietnamese spot in the state! Spring rolls are fresh and there is an entree for everyone on the menu. Your mouth will water when you hear the sizzling little pots used to serve their most delicious menu items!
3	The pho + other entrees are pretty standard, but the thing that sets this place apart from the rest are their EGGROLLS.  Being an Asian from the Bay Area Ca (an Asian Mecca) I've searched high and low for adequate Asian food in Phoenix (a landscape that pretty much only caters to hamburgers and burritos) and I must say that Little Saigon has the BEST EGGROLLS in the Valley, hands down.
4	I am very familiar with Thai food, being part Thai and all. Vietnamese food on the other hand is a different adventure for me. Yes I have had it a few times, but what I had was nothing to write home about. I saw the reviews of Little Saigon on yelp, and persuaded my husband on a very hot 115 degree day to try it with me. We are fans!We started out with the spring rolls. Not the deep fried kind but the fresh rolled kind, it had vermicelli stuffed with shrimp, herbs and grilled sliced pork. These are some of the best around. Most places just use the unflavored sliced pork, this was actually sliced,marinated and grilled. Made a huge difference in the taste. The only way it could be improved, would be the addition of some mint. The peanut sauce that it came with was good, different from the Thai peanut sauce I am used to but good. We ordered the regular iced tea. It was clear and refreshing. I usually order the salted plum or salted lemonade drinks whenever I have Vietnamese cuisine, but did not want anything with salt as it was so hot outside. I ordered the #38, it came with 3 grilled shrimp,a thin cut of grilled marinated pork tenderloin, white rice and an over medium egg on top. It had a few pieces of lettuce,daikon,carrot,cucumber, and tomato on the side served with a mini fried eggroll with minced pork inside.  They brought out the sweetened fish sauce to go with it  and I was happy with my selection. The pork was tender with a minimal amount of fat around the edges, and the shrimp was butterflied. The eggroll was not greasy and it was crisp. Overall I would order it again, but want to try something different next time around. My husband got the #56. Pork short ribs that fell off the bone, and shrimp served in a clay bowl floating in  a delectable peppery brown broth, with carmelized onions, and a garnish of green onions on top. Served with white rice on the side.The ribs tasted a bit like re heated meat, but the sauce/broth made up for it. The prices and portion size are just right. I would rather pay for good quality than quantity of food that other places dish out. It is a bit hard to find. There are no big signs that stand off the road, we actually passed it then turned around. The setting is in what used to be an older home. They have a nice patio that I can see spending some great nights with friends outside in the early spring.  Inside, there are a few different rooms. Maybe a few tables in each room. The main room has tables to fit a larger crowd. We ended up in a smaller room to ourselves. I think it's a great place to bring a date without breaking your wallet. The place was very clean. Even the restrooms. That's a key right there. If the restrooms are dirty at a restaurant, guess how the kitchen must be? We will come back to this place and I see it as becoming one of our favorites. The service was friendly and I would rather give my hard earned money to a family owned and operated restaurant than a chain any day! This would be a great place to start off dinner before going to the Glendale art walks or Glendale Glitters! Give them a try!
1	I guess I shouldn't compare the Vietnamese food in Arizona to Vietnamese back home in San Jose, CA because there is definitely no comparison! If you're Vietnamese and looking for good, authentic Vietnamese food, you won't find it here. The portions are small and when you order drinks, 75% of the cup is filled with ice. I guess if you're really desperately craving, then this place is okay. I, for one, will wait until I go back to Ca to fulfill all my cravings.
2	Food was good but service wasn't too great. I was there when there were barely any customers so there was no excuse. The waiter didn't seem like he cared and rude in my opinion.
5	My favorite restaurant in town.  Some of my favorite dishes include the pho ga (chicken soup) (#8), spicy lemongrass chicken (#51), marinated beef in grape leaves (#62), and steamed catfish in black pepper sauce (#65).  The combo spring rolls are the best I have ever had at any Vietnamese restaurant, and I have tried them at many places.  The prices are very reasonable, and the owners are very nice people.  We regularly make a fairly long drive to have dinner at Little Saigon because it has great food at a very good price.  Highly recommended.
3	If you're looking for authentic Vietnamese pho, you best skip this place. Otherwise, the food is decent. It's a bit on the pricey side. The only size they have is the large bowl and that comes to about $8. I only come here when invited by friends, but there are better choices for pho out there.
5	What do I dream about when I'm back in NYC? I'll tell you: the supremely delicious banh khot that's made to perfection at Little Saigon. I've never had anything like it in my life, and I only wish I didn't have to wait for summer vacation to enjoy it again.I've loved this Little Saigon for years: it's a charming place, the people are fantastic, and yes, there are many other things on the menu that are superb. But the banh knot has captured my heart!
5	I go to this place on the way home from school. Every time, I order the spicy lemon grass chicken with rice. It is really yummy. Lots of flavor and veggies which I love.  However, I dislike like how they give me only one bowl of rice. I love rice! I always order extra and the end up giving me no charge which is great. The waiters and the owner who is the main cook in the back are super nice!
5	Little Saigon is in our top 5 restaurants here in Arizona. My husband and I love this place. First of all, it's in a fun bungalow style house in old Glendale which just adds to its charm. Second, the family that runs it is awesome. You'll be greeted by Tony or Hui (not sure how to spell it) or John and they're all great people. They know us by now and we're always greeted like old friends. I've tried half the items on the menu, which is extensive and haven't found anything I don't like. My husband is usually stuck on #35 or #36 which are their rice noodle dishes. So good. We've introduced our friends to Little Saigon and I have one friend who will gladly drive from East Scottsdale just for the fried banana/ice cream dessert (which is a MUST, by the way). In all, I will always recommend this restaurant!
5	Little Saigon is the best vietnamese food you can get in Glendale. Good, cozy atmosphere too. But watch out on Sundays, they close a little early; make sure you get your order in by 6:30pm!
4	I've dined here 3 or 4 times for lunch and have enjoyed each meal.  Their menu has a "Vegetable Entrees" section with a nice list of options.  So far, I've had the veggie spring rolls (yum), stir-fry tofu (yum), and the coconut curry (double yum!).  The employees are very happy to answer any menu questions I've had about dairy, fish sauce, and other non-veg ingredients.  The entree sizes are quite generous, and the staff is so attentive.  Our glasses were filled each time they got about half-way empty.  Every server walking by asked us if we wanted more rice.  And when I got a to-go box, our server offered me extra rice -- how nice!I work in downtown Glendale and appreciate a great local restaurant that's good for vegetarians and vegans (there are so few down there).  I'll definitely keep going back.
5	Yummy. The family stopped by furring vacation. Good stuff.
4	Amazingly good food, fresh and authentic.  I really wasn't expecting much given my other attempts at eating Asian food in Phoenix.  Service is friendly and effecient, portions are generous for the price... it's a little lacking in ambience, but what cheap authentic asian restaurant isn't? ;)Only been here once, but everyone enjoyed their food.
5	I had a lunch here today,  it was worth to burn the gas from Avondale. I ordered #24 (Stir fry rice noodle with meats and veges), OMG it was soooo good, but the portion was smaller than I expected. I think I can eat here every week,  I like to try rice noodle soup (Pho) next time.
1	Their hours were posted as closing at 3:00 pm.  We got there at 2:40 and were refused entry, with the host saying that they stop seating people at 2:30.  If that's the case, why don't they post closing hours as 2:30?  My family use to run a restaurant and our customers and business were important to us.  If someone came 5 or 10 or more minutes after our posted closing, we would still welcome them.  In this economy, the majority of restaurants we have gone to have gone out of their way to provide good service.  I guess this place doesn't need or value the business.  I'm giving them 1 star only because someone recommended this place but I will not be returning to see what we missed.  There are plenty of excellent Vietnamese restaurants in the Phoenix area.
5	I love this place!!! The outside is nice and romantic full of lights and an overall great loose vibe. The food is awesome too and the prices aren't too bad. I will definitely come back and bring friends!
5	I went this restaurant after reading from Yelp even tho it is kind of far from me. The food was good, but what I like more about this place was the atmosphere. It made me feel like I am in Vietnam. I liked that. Honestly I am not sure about the taste. I didn't feel really special but I liked it because I like Vietnamese food anyway!
5	Very Very good!! Yummy!!! Very nice service and authentic food!
5	AUTHENTIC!! Travel from Little Taipei, California,  I'm glad that I found this place to satisfy my Asian food cravings. Very solid and decent place.
5	I've been here waaaay too much, first of all if you've never had Viet food I suggest getting an order of spring rolls or egg rolls for appetizers and a bowl of beef pho with meatballs for entree. Or if you feel like a rice plate, pick the pork chop and butterfly shrimp. You can never go wrong with what I just listed.
5	I've been coming to Little Saigon for almost 20 years. In that time I have experienced several other Vietnamese restaurants in the valley, but consider only one the best - Little Saigon.The place: A family run business located in a quaint, converted house that has a great vibe. Lots of warm feeling wood and decorated with traditional Vietnamese art and items. This is the only Vietnamese restaurant I have been to that cares about it's appearance as much as the food. The bathrooms are very nice and clean. Other Viet restaurants are usually found in strip malls, having all the ambience of going to the DMV. The staff: Always friendly and attentive, especially John and his wife. John's dad is usually in the kitchen making the fantastic food that has kept me going back for years. If you ever need guidance through the extensive menu or need help on what to order, John will hook you up.The food: Now let's talk about the best part of Little Saigon, the food. From the Pho to the Bun and clay pots, Little Saigon has it where it counts.  Fresh herbs and vegetables (nothing canned) and tender meats make it a great experience.My personal favorite are the Bun bowls (Rice noodle salad).  The meats are marinated and gilled, having lots of flavor.  Noodles are done to perfection and the lettuce greens and herbs are always fresh.The Pho (soups) are the perfect thing for a cool day and even in the summer. Flavorful broth with noodles, beef slices or meatballs (yes, meatballs) and more of those great herbs like mint and cilantro. Yum!My wife is a fan of the clay pots for the slightly more intense flavors found with these meals. I enjoy them as well.The beer I prefer to drink with my meals is the Vietnamese "33 Export" they serve. Similar to Tsing Tao, but seems to have a little more kick, ;)If you are trying Vietnamese food for the fist time, I highly recommend Little Saigon.   You won't be disappointed and probably will get hooked like I did years ago.
4	Little Saigon is my guilty pleasure. I need it at least once a month Their food is top notch. I LOVE pho and theirs is the best in the west valley. their spring rolls and crispy crepe also knock it out of the park. the service is good too. Try em out.
4	When I came in I was instantly pleased by the "fish are friends not food" sign on their aquarium. I knew this was a good sign. The patio option was closed when we were there.I like the price and food selection ranging from pho to noodles to shark fin soup (I must try it!). With so vast a selection, I find it hard to be on point with all dishes. I asked for a recommendation and ordered what looked like the easiest dish to make. A thin slice of pork and beef, fried rice, and a side salad. The most intriguing was the salad with delicious lightly pickled vegetables acting as a dressing. I thought the fired rice was rather bland and greatly benefited from a healthy dose of soy sauce (WARNING: not fish sauce is in smaller sized soy sauce bottle). I also tried the potstickers (highlight dipping sauce), shrimp noodle dish, and spicy chicken rice dish our company ordered. All solidly good, nothing remarkable.
5	I am not sure i  even need to write a review, all the others speak for themselves.. i could recommend a few dishes, but not sure what the point would be.. EVERYTHING is great here. from the stone hot pot soups to the french iced coffee.  Ask your server what is good, they will not lie or promote something that is not.  I will plug one item, the grilled pork spring rolls are amazing.. so there, i started you off..
5	Excellent food, great service, clean and authentic. Spring rolls and other appetizers are tasty. Pho is awesome.
5	Delicious! The food is very fresh and they give you a lot of really fresh veggies. The grilled chicken with vermicelli type of noodles are delicious it has all kinds of tasty seasonings!!! its seriously like the best thing in the world!!!! its that good!!!. Their pho is good too!  they give you a good portion of fresh veggies and seasonings like fresh cut mint leaves and such, its awesomee!!!!
5	This is a bright gem in downtown Glendale.   The food is excellent and the service was great.  I highly recommend this restaurant and look forward to returning again soon.  One piece of advice --- do your homework on-line.  The menu is extensive and can be overwhelming once you sit down.  I had made my selection ahead of time using their website menu (I ordered #2 and #56 - HIGHLY RECOMMEND both) and by reading Yelp reviews.  The only negative thing I have to say is that the noise level was HORRIBLE in the 'banquet room' where we (group of 14) were seated.  I will never go back to Little Saigon in a large group as it was difficult to hear what the person sitting next to me was saying.  The noise seemed to bounce off the walls.  Also, be aware that if you are in a party of six or more they do not split the check and will not take more than one credit card.  Another reason to go in a party of 1 or 2.  Overall --- FIVE STARS
4	What a find during my ongoing Vietnamese food trip - a Vietnamese restaurant which, unlike the others I've been to, is located in a charming converted little home rather than in a run down strip mall.  But the food is just as good or better, and with run-down-strip-mall-eatery prices. Their banh xeo (crispy rice crepes stuffed with beansprouts and shrimp) is awesome, and the generous seafood soup with white asparagus is something I'd order even on a hot day.  One of my favorite Vietnamese dishes is rice vermicelli with shrimp and pork or beef, and while their version is not as bold in flavor as Dong A's, it is definitely quite tasty. The courteous service complements the brevity of the wait between placing your order and receiving your food.
3	I like the cute charming older converted home that houses this restaurant. The style of the food is very different from another Vietnamese I tried recently. I ordered the lemongrass chicken. What I liked most about this variation of lemongrass chicken were the beautiful assortment of steamed vegetables that topped the hot pot of bubbling saucy chicken. The sauce was predominately salty followed by sweetness and then followed by all the other flavors one by one and also was somewhat oily. The dark meat chicken was extremely leather like and I was considering giving only two stars because of the execution of dark meat chicken.My companions meal was some sort of vegetable plate with chicken. (I think the number fifty four) The chicken in this meal was white meat and prepared well, the vegetables were grilled and also were a nice selection. The sauce had a nice heat to it but sort of lacked other flavors. Service was good and most people were raving about some sort of banana dessert but I was full and didn't try it.I noticed when leaving they won some sort of Best of 2012 Award for salads from Howard Steftel. I will try them again at some point when in the area and hope to up them a star.
5	This place is awesome!  I have been here twice already within a week and I love it.  Fresh, hot, spicy if you want and very delicious.  I had a #23 (Mi Cao Lau), #5 (Banh Khot), a Sing Ha and finished with fried bananas with vanilla ice cream.  Loved it!  Especially the fried bananas!  So crispy on the outside and moist on the inside...best I have ever had!
5	This is the BEST vietnamese restaurant in west valley! Their food taste very authentic. The atmosphere is very cozy. The service is outstanding!
5	Little Saigon has been a favorite of mine for several years. I live in Philadelphia, but my parents retired out in Sun City West and discovered Little Saigon through the newspaper. I have been to a number of vietnamese restaurants and this is always my benchmark, but nothing has beaten it yet. John and his wife, Ha, do an amazing job and are so friendly!
1	We went to Little Saigon a few months ago, with the expectation that this is gonna be one of the few places with great Vietnamese food we can fall back on when we crave it due to all the great reviews on Yelp. However, just like another one in Cave Creek, it blew away my expectations, and not in a good way. I dunno what it is, but maybe since I'm Asian and I go to Vietnamese restaurants you can give us crap food and crap service? Hell, I don't even care about the service, all I really care about is the food.Service - ok. barely. nobody bothered to refill our drinks, even though we were right outside the kitchen, with NOBODY else there dining at the time. The girl took forever to come take our order, messed up our order, and had trouble with the credit card machine afterwards as well. Damn. If you were new (don't know for sure) at least let us know what to expect.Food: We ordered spring rolls, chicken pho, cold noodles, and the infamous #55 spare ribs that many people raved about via quick tips at the time.Spring rolls: Ok, but the peanut sauce tasted like...well...let's just say water would've had more flavor. How can you mess up peanut sauce?Pho: not bad, but nothing great to write home about.Cold noodles: see above infamous #55 spare ribs: Well, I don't really know. When we got this thing in a clay pot, we opened it, and there were pieces of fish. We were like WTF? We asked the waitress, to which she replied, yes, that's #55. We asked if #55 was fish, and not spare ribs, to which the waitress replied yes. She then goes back into the kitchen, and moments later, the cook comes out, asks us if we wanted spare ribs, which we confirmed. He then said he would cook us the spare ribs, and took away the clay pot full of fish. It wouldn't have been so bad if the spare ribs were amazing, but what came back was a few lumps of meat on bone that was submerged in black pepper. Of course, there were no apologies. If you go to their website and look at their menu, #55 is clearly NOT fish.After we finished what barely passed as dinner, we got our bill, and gave our dedit card to the waitress. She seemed to have a lot of trouble with the credit card machine, and apparently entered in the wrong amount the first time, so she had to do a refund and start a new transaction. Normally, not a big deal. However, she was fumbling around, not saying anything, then going in and out the kitchen with our debit card, then finally someone showed her what to do. In the meantime, we were starting to wonder if they had taken down our debit card number, and if our checking account was going to be wiped out by the time we got home (did not, thank god). Needless to say, we won't be back...
5	Great place! Found it through Yelp after the Glendale Chocolate Affaire. Fresh coconut milk actually served in the shell! I've never had a better vermicelli dish? #33, Stir Fried Beef & Onions. Friendly family serving you. Vietnamese patrons. You know you're in the right place.
3	The spring rolls were good and the food we ordered was A-OK.  that about sums it up.  Not the great Vietnamese food I ever had but it's hard to go wrong with fish sauce!  Service was decent, too. We had the noodle salad and pork and beef with fried rice.  It's definitely good enough to come back and try something new on the menu!
4	This place is great!!  The food is reasonably priced and delicious.  The service is fast too, which makes it a great place for a quick lunch break.  So far I've not been disappointed by anything on the menu!
3	I truly wanted to love this place! I had the shrimp/pork spring rolls and shrimp/chicken vermicelli salad - both were quite good, with the exception of the rice paper and noodles tasting like they were rehydrated with unfiltered tap water (both had a weird taste). My husband's food, on the other hand, was terrible! He ordered #44 - the rice was extremely dry and chewy, the pork chop tasted ok, but was mostly bone and gristle, and the shredded pork was downright disgusting.
5	Man, I love this place. I usually end up with #23, I don't know how to say it in Vietnamese, but it's damn good. My wife usually gets a #22, which is apparently a very, very, authentic dish. I am told you can only get it in certain areas of Vietnam, it is also delicious. Spring rolls, best anywhere, I have yet to find a better spring roll from the 20-or-so other Pho places I've been to.#47 for those of you who like Steak and rice dishes.
5	Best spring rolls, ever.
4	We went there one Sunday noon with a party of 20. I have to say, with the short staff that they had that day, they performed admirably. This is the 3rd time we've been there and they never fail us. We ordered different kinds of entrees from Bun Cha, Com Dia, Pho, and multiple orders of Cha Gio and Goi Cuon. My brother-in-law ordered the house fried rice for two young boys with us, and of course the adults had to try it first (to make sure it was good... lol). And, indeed it was. The kids also ordered a bunch of fresh coconut and they enjoyed it very much. When you go to a Vietnamese restaurant, don't just settle for the Pho. Try other things. This is the place to do it.
5	"It's like eating in my own home, except that I get to charge you," said one of the operators. Enough said. Stop reading and savor the delicious life. (Apparently everyone in the Civic Center already knows about it.)
3	Service was quick and attentive and the food was good. Not as good as the other place we used to eat Pho at but was OK. Our old place, Central King Eggroll in Goodyear, switched owners and isn't nearly as good as it once was and we're trying to find a new place. Little Saigon was good but not great and the Pho was super greasy which isn't what we're used to.I would eat here again if I were in the area but won't drive all the way from Goodyear to eat here.
5	Best vietnamese food EVER!  They make me feel like family when we visit.  Usually, I have one or two things I like at restaurants and stick with those, but everything on their menu is so good!  Gotta try it all.
5	First, let me start by saying the five star rating is relative. This is the best place I have found in the valley to get my Vietnamese food fix. I'm not talking the usual pho or spring rolls, I'm talking some real, hard to find, authentic Vietnamese dishes that pho restaurants don't make/serve. Compared to some of the best places I've been for Vietnamese food (including Vietnam), it wouldn't be 5 stars, but for the valley? Definitely. They have a fairly wide selection of dishes and everything that I have tried has been well made and tastes great. My boyfriend and I usually order #65 (steamed catfish in a hot clay pot), #72 (flash fried calamari), and my favorite #88 (sweet and sour catfish soup). I love that we can get full, but it's still a light full, not heavy and greasy. Nothing like some fresh Vietnamese food to get you feeling right!
5	Never disappoints.. Today I had a work lunch and ordered the appetizer #2 Goi Cuon.. (Grilled pork, shrimp, and vegetable spring rolls) a Vietnamese iced coffee, and for my entree I can haz #39 Com Dac Biet So 2 (grilled pork tenderloin and beef with fried vegetable rice) instead of the eggroll I asked for a fried egg.. It was all amazing. And the selection of condiments such as hoisin, sriracha, and chili paste can make it even more flavorful.
5	Been twice now. We are Pho-natics and have been to many Vietnamese places in Phoenix. Although not as good as Pho Trahn overall, this place is far better than most. What distinguishes it: service is very good, something that many Vietnamese places lack. Very clean, and has a relaxing patio (beware, they frequently have the patio closed however during the "cold" moths) and the ingredients they use are much higher quality. If you've been turns off by the fatty, low quality cuts used in Pho in other places, this is your place. Also, while the Pho gets the most attention (Pho Bien and the pork/beef are excellent) the Hot Pot (K got the seafood) Soup was amazing. Very generous portion and almost sweet to the taste with a good amount of acidity. The Pho is very balanced in its broth but the hot pot is delicious if you're looking for something different.
2	I am more critical to this restaurant than some of other reviewers here. I do not think the Phos  we had tonight were that good. The soup was pretty plain, #12 had a lot of low quality beef with large amount of fat. To be honest, this place has been overrated and does not deserve the high marks.
5	I have to say that I have been coming to Little Saigon for years, but never reviewed it?!?  We came down here during Glitter n Glow and now my mind ifs refreshed on how great it was! First off I love the location and the old restored house where the restaurant is made into. The service has always been good. It's a very nice and quaint feeling instantly when you walk in. I've tried several items but my personal favorite is the catfish in the black pepper pot with a side of white rice. I've must have had this at least 10 times and I wish I could have it more!! The pepper sauce is amazing and the catfish is tasty. I've also had the pho and it was also very good. All in all Little Saigon is one of if not best Vietnamese restaurant in the valley. My personal favorite. I can't wait to go back!
5	My second favorite vietnamese restaurant in the valley. Great pho, great atmosphere... spring rolls are to die for. Can't go wrong with this place, everything is good here!
5	Love it here I am totally adicteeeddd to PHO I like eating  here and after walk around downtown Glendale ..the part that I like more is the ambience family own and is like a little secret
3	Spring rolls were good. Service was excellent.Pho had a lot of flavor.Portions was kind of small.Overall good place. I'd come back again.
5	Such a cute little place! We had their pho and it was delicious! Everything we saw other people get looked delicious as well and we can't wait to go back to try other things! (Total run on sentence, I know. lol)
5	I had the experience of my employer ordering from Little Saigon for a luncheon we had scheduled.Never having had Vietnamese food I was weary but that changed. The spring rolls and soup were SO GOOD and so filling!! Look forward to trying more goodies from here in the near future.
5	Excellent food and atmosphere. John and Ha are the best! Johns dad is a beast in the kitchen, whipping up some of the best rolls, rice, and Pho Vietnamese cuisine has to offer. There are plenty of places to dine around Glendale, but this place is a must for us when we are in the area.
5	Wonderful! Down from Sacramento for Spring Training and felt like a little Pho, which is plentiful in Sactown. This place was quaint, in an old house. Little rooms of tables. Fast service! We started with the pot stickers, which were homemade and fresh. Very tasty. the Pho was great, too. The nice lady who took our order was very great. My spousal equivalent is not a fan of fish. When he ordered a noodle dish that sounded tasty, she gave us a heads up that is has a strong flavor of fish sauce. Tragedy averted; he ordered something else. I could not finish my noodles and a take-out dish was promptly offered. Very pleased with our dinner; give it a try!
5	Great food and friendly staff if you go on the days when the owners are present.  Wish they had consistency in their food/service, but when someone other than the owners are running the joint, watch out for missing soup parts (shrimp, fish balls, etc.)  Their lemongrass soups are WONDERFUL!  And you don't want to miss their hot pots.  Yummy
4	Went to lunch here over a weekend and what a cute spot in downtown Glendale. The restaurant had a lot of charm since it was originally a single family house. Service was very attentive and friendly. Prices were also reasonable. We had entrees including Egg Noodle  Soup (Mi), Tofu Lemon Grass Hot Pot and Tofu Vegetable Curry. All were really great. They also had a cute patio out in front that I'd imagine at night would be pretty with the more residential street, trees and lights. Great place that we would return to again!
4	Pho was very good. Huge portion, like normal, so you could share. I got the shrimp and chicken rice plate. The chicken was tender and soft, but also well cooked. Nice sweet flavor.
5	I have frequented this restaurant for over 20 years (incl. past locations).  The food is the best in the area and surpasses that I've had in the many cities I've visited.   Every friend I send to this restaurant go back; I recommend you try it too.   Soup is great, so is the lemongrass chicken, seasoned flank steak, and salads.Top off you meal with a tasty iced coffee--but not too late in the day if caffeine keeps you awake!
5	Awesome vermicelli and homemade potstickers! The vietnamese ice coffe delish and strong:) Tried their porkchop rice plate and their flashfried shrimp all very yummy!And prices very reasonable :-)
5	Best PHO in ARIZONA. sooo fresh and sooo good. Service is amazing and so are other dishes. I was very surprised with their taro bubble tea as well- fresh taro instead of powder..say what??!
5	My top two Vietnamese food places to go to. The broth is A M A Z I N G as well as the egg rolls. They put taro in the egg rolls which I think gives it more flavor and a different texture. Worth the 20 minute drive from my house.
5	This place rocks!  Well worth a short drive off I-17 to enjoy some of the best Pho in the Valley!  I've had the Pho, shrimp springrolls (outstanding) and their Kung Pow-savored every morsel.  Service from the owners is wonderful, I love it when a business "gets it" and this place is hitting on all cylinders.
4	I am a Pho fan amongst soup fans. I eat Pho 3-4 times a month in SD and PHX. This is quality pho. #9 will do you solid. The staff is friendly. Good pho'ing!
4	Cute place with delicious food. I can't wait to try it again.
5	This place is an amazing hidden gem I am so happy to find good pho and cold noodles out here I will definitely keep coming back
4	Number 37.... Awesome!  Quaint place, small but inviting.  Clean and funny listening to the employees yell at each other in Vietnamese.  Decent wine and beer selection.  The pork on the 37 was AWESOME, and I'm not a huge pork fan.  Sliced thin, juicy and full of sesame ginger flavor.  Who can turn down an egg on a perfectly cooked scoop of white rice?!  The egg roll  was perfect and the shrimp....wow.  I'll be ack VERY SOON!  Wanted to try the boba but no time, I was on lunch break.
4	If you are wondering if this restaurant is worth trying, welll stop wondering. This place has very authentic Vietnamese food. The owners are very nice and interact with the customers all day. My personal favorite dish would have to be the Lemongrass Chicken. It's location is perfect for the residents of Glendale because there aren't very many Vietnamese restaurants in the Northwest part of Phoenix.
4	The hubby and I had a yummy lunch on our "day date" today.  I had the 37 (pork, shrimp, fried egg on the perfect white rice) the Hubby had the 47 (steak, bells, onions, rice) we also shared the potstickers app.  I like the iced tea a lot. Very mild green tea.  The app was my favorite part, very good! I loved the fried egg on the rice, and really, the rice was the example of what perfect rice is. The pork chop was very yummy. I tried the Hubby's steak and it was very good, and I love the deep caramel onions, wish there were more.  I wasn't blown away with the salad and sauce, Saigon Kitchen set that bar high for me.  I very much look forward to coming back, trying other things on the menu, like Pho in the winter :) oh yeah.
4	I ran here on a whim last weekend because I was in the area and it was recommended to me by a friend, so glad I did. I ordered the #38 with a chicken substitute instead of the pork and it was pretty tasty, the fried rice was excellent, the meat was tender and marinated just right, even the egg roll was good. I will definitely be back.
5	Definitely the best pho in the west side. To me the most important part of the pho is the broth - they have the most flavorful broth.  The only one that comes close is Pho Thanh in terms of flavor.  43rd Express is also very good.  Don't get me wrong, there are a lot of good pho places in Phoenix.  I would say that they are the best though.  You cannot go wrong with Little Saigon.
5	I reviewed Little Saigon once before but I have to again. This place is seriously the best kept secret in the valley. The service is superb. The Vietnamese cuisine is so good here too; it's incredible. My family and I recently went to Disneyland and stopped off in the actual "little Saigon" in Garden Grove California and ate at a couple of restaurants there. The food from Little Saigon here in Glendale was hands down better and the menu is more extensive. They offer far more selection than your average Vietnamese place. Also the spring rolls are about the best I've ever had. Try them and tell me I'm wrong. The Pho is always awesome. Get the #12 it has all the delicious bits you want! The vermicelli salads are perfect for a quick lunch or for an after dinner midnight snack (I usually order one to go after our meal, I'm fat, we like to eat, don't judge me). The crispy crepe is on another level of deliciousness. Packed full of mint, shrimp, pork, bean sprouts, served with daikon, carrot, lettuce, and sweet fish sauce. Roll it up in the lettuce, dip it in the fish sauce, and punch your ticket to flavor heaven. I will warn you this appetizer is the equivalent of crack cocaine. You will have to have more. You will find yourself driving not of your own accord to get your Vietnamese fix and it will begin with you mainlining some crepes and spring rolls. I'm an addict too so I know...
4	Great service
4	Quick summary... this place is awesome! It's located in a cute little part of Glendale in what must have been a house at some point. The service was excellent. We had a super sweet waiter who was very attentive. Their fresh spring rolls were good (and served in a cute little divided dish)  although a little hard to eat.. My filling kept falling into the peanut sauce. The Pho was good as well.. there wasn't a ton of beef in it but it was still filling and the price was right so it didn't bother me much. They offer a variety of imported beer options which is fun and their thai tea boba was delish. Definitely a neat little find while driving through Phoenix on the way back to Tucson. The prices were also the best I've seen for Pho in a while. I'd love to come back here.
5	Loved the atmosphere, loved the grilled chicken vermicelli salad.  Had lunch there a week ago Saturday and will definitely return on my next trip to Phoenix to try other dishes!
4	They food is awesome. First time eating there and service was great and food tasted like home made
5	This place was a fantastic find. I spend a lot of time in historic Glendale, and I have passed this restaurant many times. Finally we made our way to Little Saigon, and I couldn't be happier with the experience.To start with, we has great service. The young lady that waited on us was friendly, knowledgable, and very helpful. She spent time explaining each dish and left me wanting to try a large part of the menu.  She never let my drinks go un-filled.The food was fantastic! We shared the spring rolls and the sauce was excellent. The pork inside was tender and very flavorful.  I had the #14, rice noodle stew, and it was awesome. The beef was slowly cooked and very tender. It fell apart in my mouth! Very, very well made. It was so big that I had 2 meals worth of leftovers.My boyfriend had the #48, which was breaded garlic shrimp with caramelized onions. He let me try one and, WOW! This was the best part. It was very hard to resist eating his entire meal. Nicely done, Little Saigon.
5	What a little Asian gem among these parts. I didn't have much of a chance to try different pho joints back in Illinois, and I imagine there aren't too many here. But nonetheless, Little Saigon has great pho. We had the beef pho; broth was flavorful, and the option to put in as many or little veggies as you want was nice. My boyfriend said the combination fried rice was possibly the best he ever had. We had enough leftovers for two more meals.
5	Had the number 13 (the vegetarian pho) and it was very yummy! I don't like that the noodles are one big bundle thrown in on the side because it was hard to take them apart but once I got them separated it was delicious. Only two people working the front but both seemed to be very attentive and on top of keeping the customers satisfied.
5	OMG god am I glad I only live 5 minutes from here! Can I just live here and eat here everyday?!? I'm so serious this place blows my mind away!!! It's so ridiculously good! It's really intimate and when you first walk in you may think you are walking into any other hole in the wall Vietnamese joint but boy are you in for a treat! Anything you get on the menu I guarantee will be great. I highly recommend the spring rolls on the appetizer section, it looks like a condom with a bunch of veggies and shrimp and beef stuffed inside but it's amazing! Also if you have never tried pho before this is a great place to do so. I love seafood so I always get the shrimp and beef pho and it never disappoints me. Customer service is great! They are always on their toes to make sure you are pleased! This place absolutely deserves a 5 star. It's a must try!!!
4	We came in Friday night for dinner. There were two parties ahead of us so we passed the time by checking out the menu. Keep in mind, I hate seafood, I don't enjoy the taste, the smell, and I definitely don't like how sick it makes me. Being a Vietnamese restaurant, I knew my options were limited. I hinted to leaving but I lost that battle (thankfully). We started off with Vegetarian Egg Rolls that were better than most places. I had chicken Pho (7)  and my bf had a chicken dish (52)My Pho was AMAZING. I was smiling the whole time and kept uttering, this is AMAZING. I wish he enjoyed his dish as much as I enjoyed mine. While we were waiting another party politely asked how long it will be. He snapped and said "maybe 10 min, maybe 30, I don't know when people are leaving" That was enough to make me want to get up and leave. I did not like how he talked to people. When he was seating us some lady gestured that she needed something and he rudely dismissed her. Once we were seated all the staff was super friendly, but until you are actually at a table they can be quite rude. 5 for my food  2-3 for service
5	Phenomenal meal as always. We have a number of good Vietnamese restaurants in Philadelphia, but we don't have a Little Saigon. Make sure you don't miss this gem.
4	Legit yummy! A friend and I met up for early lunch last Saturday and we loved the character and charm of the remade house, complete with potted plants and picket fence. As Yelpers suggested, I parked at the thrift store parking lot just north of the restaurant, but there's also street parking available on 57th Ave.We showed up close to open because we were both starving and hate crowds. The inside was small, but I loved the nice touches like flowers on the table along with a full assortment of condiments, curtains on the windows, and fairly intimate setting. I wasn't sure what to expect in terms of service after reading the below reviews, but it started off great - the waiter was friendly and offered to answer any questions we had. I had a Vietnamese coffee and my friend ordered a plain boba tea. Her tea was great, and my coffee was good, but not awesome. I enjoy watching the coffee sit and drip into the condensed milk myself and savoring that rich aroma, but here, they prepped the coffee in the back and just brought me the finished glass. It could have been a bit creamier, but it wasn't too sweet, and the coffee was delightfully strong. We started with the shrimp and pork spring rolls (#2), which were a bit bigger (longer) than the ones I'd had in other restaurants, so they were sliced in half - $4 was fair for two of these bad boys. They were absolutely scrumptious and very fresh, but packed a little loosely, so the goodies kept falling out as I was trying to dip the roll. I'd recommend grabbing your spoon and scooping the peanut sauce as you need it. Also, try it with the red chile sauce on the table...yum. We both had our hearts set on pho and ordered two bowls of sliced beef & shrimp pho, #12. The server remarked that it was his favorite menu item, so we were excited. The plate of goodies on the side did not disappoint, but we could have used some extra cilantro and basil. The flavor was just salty enough, the shrimp were more generously sized that I expected, and the beef was tender and not fatty or oily. I've noticed that some Vietnamese restaurants tend to add oil to their pho, and thankfully, Little Saigon did not. The bowl wasn't very greasy at all.When we had gorged ourselves on delicious pho, we hung out for a few minutes and caught up. This is when I could see what other Yelpers had experienced in terms of service - as soon as the restaurant started to fill up, the servers became stressed and harried, checking tables with visible impatience. That's a bit ridiculous when you're making your way through a giant bowl of pho. I always tip extra if I stay a little longer, so I wasn't about to guilt myself into leaving. When we left a few minutes later, there was a grand total of two people waiting out in the foyer. I also noticed that Little Saigon has a sizeable patio area out front with lots of potential, but a sign read "patio closed." If seating's an issue, guys, open up the patio. Shame too, it was a beautiful day. Unfortunately, indoors got a bit stuffy and warm, especially near our window seat. I even checked to see whether the window would open...lol.Before tip, a boba tea, Vietnamese coffee, two spring rolls, and two bowls of delicious pho came to $30. Not bad for being stuffed out of our gourds.Overall: solid Vietnamese cuisine, frankly the best (excluding homemade) I've had in the Valley. For you Vietnamese noobs, the menu details everything clearly and is organized by types of noodles - a must for gluten-free eaters (the rice noodles are great!). However, I'll be sure to get there during their non-peak hours to skip the attitude.
5	Best Vietnamese food in AZ! I'm so in love with this place that I plan on coming here for years to come....yummy!
5	This place is amazing!My boyfriend and I went there on a Friday night for dinner. Service was super fast and the food was delicious. I took my father there the next day for lunch. Even he complimented on the food. He's the kind that will not eat at a Vietnamese restaurant since it's something we can "have at home." :) Just absolutely love this place.
5	Legit Vietnamese food. My husband is a culinary student and we go to a lot of Vietnamese restaurants because it is his favorite genre of food. This is authentic food that is simply delicious. Cute little place in downtown Glendale so feel free to do some antique shopping on foot when you are done.
4	I have eaten here numerous times but never completed a review of the business. Let's see where to start. This place us super cool and it is inside of an historic home. The service is top notch with everyone working hard and extremely friendly. I ordered the chicken fa which was awesome. Coupled with fresh veggies that you have the option to put in the soup is great.  It's too bad I was working I would have loved to wash it down with a nice bottle of Sapporo. I look forward to coming to little Saigon every chance I get. If you are ever near downtown Glendale this is the place to go!!
5	Me and my husband make it a point to come here at least 2-3 times per month. The consistency is superb. The pho and spring rolls are always on point and we have never been disappointed. You can really tell here that they take the time to build that slow and low flavor in the pho stock because it is so rich and developed.Service is excellent and everything just tastes so fresh. Make sure you get the chili oil to add to your pho! It reallly adds a depth of flavor to your soup, along with a light heat but its more flavor than heat. I've only had the pho and spring rolls and fried banana dessert because theyre always so on point I am afraid to veer from it but I always see people around me eating a variety of things from the menu and praising every bite. Very reasonable and affordable prices and the place is always packed which explains the all star reviews. This is a must.
4	Have been here several times in the past two years or so - always great food and outstanding service.  Servers really know their stuff and are always eager to recommend the best dishes.  Menu is very extensive.  Everything is very fresh and flavorful.  The location is a (somewhat) renovated old cottage in old-town Glendale, just one short block north of Glendale Ave.  One larger dining room and three or four smaller rooms.  Everyone takes great pains to make sure you are happy.If you are a fan or Vietnamese food or you are anxious to try it for the first time, I highly recommend Little Saigon.
5	Delicious pho, and I'm one to always order the same thing, but every time I eat here I try something new. There's a lot of options and all of them so far have been awesome! The hot pot soup is an excellent choice for something different if you generally like pho and want to try something new. The service is fast and friendly. A must in Glendale!
5	My first Pho! I never understood why you see the food network people get all excited as they describe the pho they are eating and the layers of flavor... now I GET IT! AWESOME! I love pho! The spring rolls are spectacular too! The servers are very helpful when you are ordering, taking the time to explain everything!
4	Took us a while to finally make it here, but I'm glad we did- it was a treat! This place is tucked into a side street in downtown Glendale and I'm sort of sad that it took us so many years to get here. Service was fast and friendly even though there was a pretty steady stream of people coming in. The food was all delicious. I had beef pho, and hubs had some sort of roll your own spring roll thing. This was some of the best pho I've had here, and I've tried more than a few. The broth actually had enough flavor that I almost didn't have to add the extra garnish, but of course I did anyways. It was salty, tangy, and just a little bit sweet. The beef was cut up into manageable pieces and there were tons of rice noodles. We had spring rolls and a strawberry boba smoothie that were equally good. While this place was a dollar or so more per plate than Da Vang, it was closer and the food was better.
5	Wonderful Vietnamese food. I just ordered some take out for me and a co-worker, our first try of this little restaurant. I ordered the Ga Xao Xa Ot, which was so rich and full of flavor. When I picked up our food, the restaurant was packed with a waiting list at 11:30, obviously a very popular place to dine for lunch. I will definitely go back to try other dishes.
5	i love it here!! Simply an amazing hide away place that doesn't attract too many people. It's nice and roomy inside, adorned with a fish tank that my son loves! The service is great, never had any problems with them before. Loyal customer!Recommend for sure! Always get the house fried rice! Personal favorite!!
5	We eat here almost every other week.  The soups are out of this world.  Anything you order here is going to be awesome.  Highly recommend this place.
5	Another amazing meal. Pork and steak dishes are fantastic.  As usual, pho didn't disappoint. Great food with reasonable prices.
3	Had the fried rice, spring rolls, and crispy stirred fried flat rice noodle.  I wouldn't say this place is a 4.5 stars but food were decent and fast.  Good service.  Price ranges from 7 to $10 for the entres.
5	Our preferred pho place in PHX. Delicious broths and lots of choices make for a fun time at lunch or dinner. Speedy service means we are never late for Yotes puck drop!
5	I love when I get brave enough to try new cuisines, and then they turn out amazing. Little Saigon, a little house I've overlooked for years, delivers in flavor, value, and probably nutrition. The vegetables are that good. I started off with my very first banh xeo, a crunchy crepe filled with bean sprouts and some shrimp. Unlike French crepes that you can simply dig into, this dish will crumble as soon as you touch it. Use it as filling for a lettuce wrap, and if you're quirky like myself, enjoy the liberal portions of fresh mint and carrots that come along with it. It's still weird to me, but I'd eat it again. My main course was some beef over bok choi, which was prepared perfectly. I have never had bok choi this tasty, and I'd definitely recommend it. I think it's the number 57, which shows you how many options they have. For dessert, I went with a taro boba. It was way sweeter than I'm used to...but hey, it's a dessert, so what could I expect? Overall, I was satisfied with a very affordable meal in a clean, stylish environment. I would totes come back.
5	Excellent experience all the way around. .  Food was excellebt, hot and fresh, homemade noodles...you could make an entire meal out of the potstickers... pleasant environment and staff, very accommodating
5	My favorite restaurant! The staff is friendly and they make you feel like you are at home. I take people who have never been and they fall in love with the place everytime.
4	This is easily my favorite Pho place in town (and lately there are quite a few of them to choose from). The broth is delicious, clean and flavorful! (I get the rare beef Pho with tripe and all). The wait times can be a bit much (as it's a fairly small restaurant), but that's to be expected when the food is this great!
5	I love this place. The best Vietnamese I have had in Arizona. The house friend rice is a great safe bet if you are trying Vietnamese for the first time. I like the pho, fresh spring rolls and noodle bowls. The side veggies they serve for the pho and noodles are always fresh. I have had their fried spring rolls too but I prefer the fresh only because of their delicious peanut sauce for dipping.
3	Its pretty good Pho in a nice quiet location, Charming.
5	The food here is so darn good!! I love the spring rolls and their authentic menu. Great service,  they truly make you feel like family.
5	I met my 3 friends here for lunch.  None of us had ever had Vietnamese food, so we asked our server what he recommended.  We all tried different suggestions off the menu and they were all delicious!  The service was superb and everyone was very kind and friendly, asking us every ten minutes or so if we needed anything.I highly recommend this wonderful place and we all agreed to come back again soon!
5	Heard about this place from a friend and decided to give it a try.Service was fast and friendly.  Food was great and the price was very reasonable.100% satisfied and I would definitely recommend you to try it too.
5	Forget the environment, go for the delicious food! The spicy curry vermicelli is what I get every time, after talking to a regular. The menu is big and daunting, so he helped me out by suggesting that, and you cannot go wrong with that or pretty much anything else. It is huge but always packed and amazing! Worth the wait, if there is one.  Huge portions, and great prices too!
5	This is my absolute FAVORITE pho place! The pho is about $7, and the serving size is perfect for either lunch or dinner.  You don't get skimped on the veggies or noodles.  That's for sure. :) Every time that I've eaten there, I've had stellar service as well. Helpful hint: go on a Sunday at like 1 or 1:30. The restaurant is tiny, maybe like 25 tables or so (not counting the small patio area outside); so, it fills up fast.  Make a night or afternoon of it! Since it's in the middle of downtown Glendale, you're surrounded by cute antique shops.  Check it out! You WON'T be disappointed.
5	I've been here twice with the wife.The first time I ordered a couple spring rolls and loved them so much that (for a while) we started making them at home a few times per week.I also did the make your own spring roll for the dinner and... it was filling. Fair price and can easily feed 2 people. The staff came and offered to show me how to roll them (I've done it in the past so I declined).My wife's noodle dish was great. She may have got pad thai but I forget. And the boba is great and has many flavors to choose from.On our next trip we ordered the firepot soup to split and again... filling. Fair price. Good food. Definitely worth a trip into downtown Glendale.
4	It's hard to spot on the first drive by, but it's an absolutely lovely looking place. Small, but comfy to those who don't prefer higher-end luxuries. The food selection is great, and from what we've ordered: Each were delicious and of great quality. The prices were affordable, and that's a great plus considering the quality!Most of my attention went to their desserts. The fried banana with ice cream was wonderful~! Definitely recommend!The only reason why I give it a 4-star instead of a 5-star, is that the quality of the food I've had (cubed steak cuts and stirfry beef), while great, isn't astounding in their flavors - I've had similar in other restaurants, and I've had better in rare other restaurants. Perhaps I should order more foods to see if they stand out in some items more than others. Perhaps next time I'll order an item they're well known for.By no means should you think a 4-star is a bad or unspectacular rating. It's an excellent restaurant for everything it advertises itself to be.
3	Being this my first time I'll give it 3 stars. I will go a couple more times and then I can really give it a review but for my first experience it was ok.I got the vegetarian spring rolls and the chicken pho, both were good. Nice flavor and fast service. The booba tea was good too.The only bad thing that I saw was the people who were sitting across from me were trying to kill a roach that was on the blinds! I'm sure they were loyal regulars or something because they didn't make a scene or said anything.
5	I was bummed that they did not have Bahn Mi sandwiches. I had my heart set on that so I decided to split a plate of the stir fried flat noodles with chicken. My biggest mistake was not ordering my own plate. This dish was delicious, far exceeded my expectations! My hot pot soup with tofu was also really, really good. I definitely recommend this place to anyone wanting Asian food in the Glendale area. Nice mom and pop restaurant with real Vietnamese cuisine.
5	This place is a staple of my diet and for very good reason!Every single item is busting with a variety of flavor and give you an authentic taste of Vietnam.I love the spring rolls with the peanut sauce that I could drink as a beverage if they would allow it.The #37 is my standard with marinated pork chop and grilled shrimp with a side of rice topped with a sunny side up egg. I thought it odd the first time with the egg on top but after enjoying the meal I couldn't think of the meal without it. I love the pho as well but only during the winter months as soup in the summer never seems appetizing.  Trust me if you love Asian food varieties give this gem in downtown Glendale a shot and never look back
5	I love coming here with my friend that I introduced to Vietnamese food. The staff is always pleasant and seem to appreciate your business. The spring rolls are our favorite to begin with. It's right up there with our obsession for the Jasmine Tea. You can't go wrong with the many exciting food choices on the menu. We could try something new every time and be satisfied with the choice.Keep up the good work!
5	This place is great!! We've been there a couple of times, first with some friends or ours that are regulars, so the staff and the chef already knows them, and know what they like and how they like it. We were treated really good, and the different dishes we tried were soooo good. Between the crepes, and the fish in garlic sauce.Second time we went, we went on our own, and we were treated really good, too. It made no difference that they don't know us, and were not in the company of regulars, their service staff is great, attentive, and always on top pf things.I recommend it highly!
4	Delicious and good quality food. I have been pleasantly surprised by this restaurant in the location. Like many others rated, the vamicelli has been very delicious. Added additional fresh herbs and greens, mixed along with the shrimp and pork made if a great and very lean dish. The service has been very pleasing accommodating. The restaurant itself is a classic average Asian decorated location with a clean interior. Can more than recommend trying out this place for the vamicelli's!!
4	good food, service was friendly but a little slow in terms of getting a check and a box.  I did get the rice flour crepe, it was good but I have had better, this one was very thin outer layer of crepe and didn't have as much flavor as I have had at other restaurants.  I loved the Boba smoothie, was a little melted when it showed up but it was delicious.  I would give this place a second shot.
5	I was just here! It was amazing! I love the pho!
2	The food here is just great. The pho and eggrolls are the best I have tasted. The only problem is the service. I've had one of the young guys twice already, and he has chosen other people before myself and family. Maybe he's bias, but how is he going to take the order of some else who was there after us. When we told him we were there first he, he still brought their good first. I'm sorry I'm not white, but this discrimination is ridiculous. Trust me we are not difficult people and we tip really well.
5	My wife and I ordered the #38Beef, pork tenderloin, grilled on top of fried rice. Absolutely awesome!!!!!You must go here to eat your Vietnamese. If you haven't tried it. Try it here, you will not be disappointed. We wasn't.
5	Yum! What a surprise to find a little place this good in the Phoenix area. The vermicelli was light and fresh, the curry tasty and slightly spicy, and the Vietnamese coffee just the right amount of sweet. The service was attentive and prompt, and the setting delightful! What more could one ask?
5	Lived close to this restaurant for years and never thought to stop until my bestie had me stop in. SO GLAD that she referred me. Very yummy, family owned. Makes me want to go there now :-)
5	Our first experience here, we ordered the egg rolls and spring rolls.  Both were fresh and the egg rolls were hot.  The spring roll was delicious with the homemade sauce. That in itself was almost a small meal.The grilled beef with Bok choi was simply amazing, hot and fresh.  I accompanied my plate with Sriracha which took it to another dimension.  My sister order the veggie rice noddle soup w/ extra chicken.  It smelled awesome, the classic Pho soup with all the veggies.  The taste was outta this world.Definitely coming back to this place.
4	Stopped by for the first time today. I'll be back! Started with the hot jasmine tea. Then the pot stickers which were piping hot and really flavorful, we wound up getting a second order they were so good .  My entree was number 26 pan fried flat rice noodles with beef pork and chicken . I added shrimp for $2 more.  The brown sauce was really tasty and the veggies were crisp and perfect .
5	This place was a pleasant discovery made via Yelp. Sort of a treasure in the seemingly deserted downtown Glendale, this place must've been a home at one time and is now a cool little spot with some amazing Vietnamese food. The boba tea smoothie (taro) is one of the best I've come across in the valley. Our group was very satisfied after our first visit and we all agreed that we'll be returning again.
3	4.5 Star Food, 3 Star Portion size, 2 Star Service.  I've had the vermicelli salad and the fried rice, and the spring rolls.  All were typical Vietnamese fashioned food.  The wait staff, one guy and one girl is constantly busy and curt, and only basically just want to turn their tables, so if you go in asking questions don't expect any good answers or suggestions.  Size of dishes is smaller than other places, at least the vermicelli salad was, although it tastes great, as does the fried rice.
4	What's not to love about this place?  The veggies are so crisp and delicious, they make me want to find the source and buy some for home.  I'm not going to pretend to be an expert in the cuisine but everything I've tried here is absolutely delicious and I can't pronounce any of it.   The outside of the restaurant is adorable and kind of romantic and the inside is unassuming and seemingly clean.  I think it's very reasonably priced for such fresh and flavorful food.
4	The only reason I gave this place 4 stars is because they messed up my to go order once and tried to make me pay for their error. Love this place and love introducing people to this place. From the spring rolls to the Pho it is awesome. Everything is delicious and the atmosphere is cozy.
5	We have been here twice.  Had #30 and my husband had #51. Both were very good. Service is good and friendly. Very popular place it seems and for good reason.
5	It was so hard for me to find my favorite pho place in Glendale, AZ until I found Little Saigon. I was then hooked and never look back. Some pho places have fabulous pho but customer service is mediocre. Some pho places have plain broth or ultra al-dente noodle but have excellent egg rolls and some pho places can have gross restaurant environment but super friendly waitress. Now..little saigon is the best I can find in Glendale because it meets all my criteria: delicious pho, hot serve egg rolls, clean restaurant and exceptional customer service
4	My husband & I love vietnamese food, so we decided to give this place a try based on other reviews. We especially loved the cozy atmosphere, but wish they had a lunch special because it's a bit pricey considering the portion you receive. Overall, great authentic food!
4	Came here to grab dinner with Cali friends before they head back home. I ordered their hot pot sweet and tangy soup with catfish. It was a perfect marriage of sweetness & tangy-ness with tomatoes, okra, celery, pineapple, bean sprouts, and herbs/spices. My bf and gf got pho. They said it was pretty good. Another friend got vermicelli noodles with grilled pork and egg rolls. He ate all of it with a smile on his face so I'm assuming it was good. Lol. I also ordered the Che ba mau (3 flavors dessert drink) and that was good too. The service was awesome as well.  Would definitely come back again.
5	Our favorite Vietnamese food in AZ. The Pho is huge, flavorful, full of noodles and delishisness. The curry is perfect. The right amount of onions, carrots, potatoes and Chicken. It's so good you can drink it. The spring rolls are a favorite of my wife and they are not fried, yummy and healthy. The ambience is local and fun. A must try for those who love asian cuisine.
1	Actually never tried the food but had the service. Waited 35 minutes without any sort of acknowledgement. Finally had to ask one of the servers and was told it was going to be another 15-20 minutes with a slight smirk. We are "backed up" he said. More then enough tables to seat the additional 4 parties behind us just not smart enough with wait management for a restaurant. No apologies, none needed, because I don't think they really cared. Should have walked out within 15 minutes.
