4	Menu was different ... In a good way ... Servers are still new and learning. Overall a great experience.
4	This restaurant just opened so there is a learning curve.  The food was good and the wait staff VERY friendly.  Will be returning.
4	Tried this place on Sat.  It was packed but they still got our large group of 6 adults and 5 kids seated in about 20 mins.  The menu seemed great, lots of choices, I wanted to try everything on it and I will, eventually.  Everyone at our table loved their food.  I got the breakfast Croissant, I had them add bacon to it but I wish I would have had them add bacon and sausage to it, it was lacking in artery clogging delicious meat.  It was good though.  It did seem like the food took forever to get there but they were super busy and its a new restaurant so I'm sure they are getting the hang of things still.  Server was wonderful and kept checking on us and apologizing for the food taking a little longer then expected.  I will be going back and recommending it to our friends.  I would recommend trying to go on a week day though, may be a better experience.
5	Gilbert needed a new venue to accommodate it's growing population and this place is spot on!!!  The menu is amazing- food choices are unique and tasty and at a decent price.  Staff is still new, but learning and have grown leaps and bounds since opening day.  Try the Cambridge Skillet to start!
5	The menu is big which normally scares me because of complications in the kitchen, but the food was great! The steaks ares good cuts for breakfast steaks, the food was all hot when it arrived. The also give you a carafe of your drink or coffee so you can eat in peace. The owner visited out table and she was tuned in to our feedback. The only thing you need to remember is get there early! It was open for 2 weeks when we went. I was very happy with the experience!
4	This place is brand new and still working out the kinks. We waited quite awhile but the food was absolutely amazing and well worth the wait! All the staff is very friendly. Great little brunch spot. We will definitely be back!
4	Ate breakfast there on a Saturday morning (sat outside).  It was busy, but the crowd was handled quickly and efficiently.  Server was great, attentive and prompt.  Food was impressive and arrived at our table in a timely fashion.  Although there is not much out that was as to a great b-fast joint, this place was great.  I would recommend and will return.
4	I went here with my family for a late breakfast on Saturday. I had the Mexican omelett and my wife had the biscuits and gravy. It was all very tasty. My only complaint is that we had to wait about a half hour when there were clearly empty tables. We were there during a prime time for a breakfast/ lunch place. It seems strange to not be all the way staffed up.
4	My husband and I have tried The Egg I Am 3 different times and have enjoyed our breakfast food every single time.  We've tried the Athena scramble, the MBA frittata and (just today) the raspberry granola pancake.  All of the items were great, but the raspberry granola pancake was probably one of THE BEST pancakes we have ever tasted.  Crunch, nutty, slightly sweet and delicious.  It, kind of, tastes like raspberry pie.  We're going back to try the pineapple/coconut pancake and also the cinnamon apple pancake.  Try it, you'll love it.  We haven't had any problems with the service and got our food quickly.  They tend to get busy, so if you don't like waiting use their call-ahead seating.
4	My husband and I stopped by before 7am on a weekday so it was blissfully empty. Service was friendly and prompt. We got coffee right away, and it tasted pretty good. We got actual creamer instead of those plastic cups of half and half so extra points for that.I was pleasantly surprised by my veggie benedict. There were lots of my favorites veggies like artichokes and asparagus under my poached eggs, and the hollandaise had a good tangy flavor. My husband was satisfied with his biscuits and gravy, but we was wishing for more sausage.Special thanks to the waitress who mistook my long-haired husband for a woman. I love a good belly laugh that early in the morning.
2	The food was average at best. It is a little pricier that your bigger breakfast franchise.   Our drinks came out after breakfast was served.  Our order wasnt quite right either. But they did quickly corrected it.   I asked the manager if they would honor another locations coupon and she said no as they are seperate franchise.  I completely understood.  I politely asked if this franchise was planning on a coupon for this location .  She responded in an arrogant "no".  I, as a customer politely encouraged her as its great business and customer appreciation!  Her response was rude rather than a polite, "great idea" or even.."oh yeah?" Even if she had no intention...just be polite!  Instead I got, "business is doing quite well without it, I have no problem- we have been quite busy and we do take care of our regulars"....just a tad rude for my liking,especially from the owner.  As if to allude that she did not appreciate our business?   Make your own decision..but I wont frequent or recommend this restaurant. I just didn't care for her and the food was "meh"...Service can make or break a place. On a scale if 5 the food was a 3 (average), but the attitude brought it down to a 2:/
4	Great little breakfast place in south Gilbert. We've driven by several times and decided to check it out...happy we did. Food was tasty (Colorado jack scramble with real whole wheat toast) and service was great! It was jammin by 9:30 and around 30 people waiting outside. Definitely going back for future breakfast outings with no other decent options in the area.
4	New in the area.  Clean and good breakfast place.  The egg white omelet was delicious.  I will frequent this establishment.  Nice patio as well...
5	This is our 4th time coming it has been amazing every time! Soups are so good!
3	It's a good breakfast.  I would say its a little pricey for eggs. Service is a little overwhelmed at times.
3	I had high hopes but ends up its just another institutional franchise with decent marketing and just average food. Our server Nicki was good but the kitchen slow. Won't be coming back.
4	The service was great, Your server always has a smile and great attitude.I'm been there a few times but waiting to write this review. It is a busy place on the weekends, so plan a 30 to 45 min wait during the peak hours. The nice thing is that while you wait, they do have coffee and water outside. Not a big place so it fills up fast. The menu is simple,but good food item to select. Priced in the $6.00 to $9.00 range, not bad price for the food served.The food is good with a twist on the basic egg and bacon & hash browns.They kick it up a bit with some interesting menu selections. I'm a fan living in Gilbert, worth the drive.
4	I don't know how long this place has been here, but thank you Yelp for helping me find it. My mom and I met here for breakfast, and we were both pleasantly surprised. We both ordered different varieties of Eggs Benedict, and they were pretty good. I liked the variety of the menu- lots of their menu items had unique flavor combinations, not just your typical "dineresque" selections. Their seasonal coffee was good, and their brand of hot sauce at the table was tasty too.One downside for me was the way you pay. I don't like paying at the front where everyone is waiting for a table. It makes the entryway super crowded in an already busy restaurant. Definitely makes it seem a little hectic and disorganized.
2	I was glad to see a breakfast restaurant open around the corner from me. Since it's opening we've eaten here 3 times (breakfast only). I can't say I'm really impressed. The service is good, very warm & welcoming but the food is just okay. The price doesn't jusify what you get. I'd rather make the drive and get a better tasting breakfast for less money.
2	We were so excited about this place. There is NOTHING for a nice, sit-down breakfast that close by. However, after being there twice, I will be making the trip to downtown Gilbert when we can splurge for a nice breakfast again. (There are way better options and cheaper too on Gilbert Rd. in the downtown area.)The Egg I Am offers a GREAT assortment of egg-based items, and if they were better prepared, this place could be a knock-out. Instead, it is pricey for what it actually offers. The omelets are very generic -- ham and cheese omelet has really small preprepared diced ham (like from Costco) and then they throw a little cheddar cheese and melt it on top. There is no cheese actually IN the omelet. It is not bad-tasting, just really generic --- if you want a big fluffy omelet, DO NOT GO HERE. Also, compared from the first time and this time, they appear to be cutting way back on the companion potatoes. I had a frittata the first time. That is even flatter.As to environment, this place is nice, though I don't know that the wooden slat booths are all that comfortable. I loved my waiter, but I was delivered my check both times before we were even 1/2 done. That says something about the management.
4	I went with the breakfast burrito for my first time. It's great to have a breakfast place so close to home now! The food was a solid 7/10, A bit overpriced, and the decor is a bit dated. But I'll back in the future!
4	NOTE: 4 STARS IS FOR THE FOOD. Service is a whole different story. Careful for the 16 year olds hosting because they'll likely drop the ball when you're there. I'm assuming that their inexperience and being overwhelmed by the high weekend volume is the cause for them to skip names. It's not the servers fault that they get double sat and lack in service because of it. I blame the hostesses. Also, they have no baby changing station. Isn't that illegal? However, in their defense I like this breakfast restaurant more than their competitors (the good egg etc.). Their corned beef hash and biscuits and gravy are amazing!!!!  Great coffee and freshly squeezed orange juice, too!
3	We've been coming here since they've opened. I feel like the quality of the food has gone down big time. They've gotten a few orders incorrect. But the last time we went there my sandwich had a moldy tomato on it. I was super excited to have a new place in the neighborhood. But we will not be going back.
3	I've been meaning to come check this place out since it opened as I live right across the street but I am just not really a "breakfast" person usually. However I had a friend visiting from out of town and thought it was the perfect opportunity.Went around 11:30am on a Saturday (ok, more "brunch" time than breakfast), and we were sat immediately. Quick and friendly service. The menu is incredible.  It took us forever to decide because everything looked so good.We finally both decided, I got the Santa Fe Huevos and she got the Green Chili Chicken Hash.After waiting what seemed like forever (mostly because I was starving, but partially because it did take a while), we got our food... all wrong.  Both of our orders had things missing.  Hers was missing the green chili!?  How is that even possible?  THAT is what she ordered.  It was also missing the guacamole, as was mine (guacamole shortage perhaps?), AND she had to ask for her tortilla.  Oh but the waitress DID bring out a side of hollandaise sauce for her. WTF?  Hollandaise?!  With the green chili chicken hash??So after flagging down the first person we could and telling them ALL the things that were wrong, they quickly brought everything out that we were missing, and we dug in.  Have to admit, the food was very good.  This, and this alone, will bring me back in the future.  I'm pretty certain our waitress was brand new (she didn't seem to know the menu well, clearly since she brought out HOLLANDAISE for a chili hash), so I will give them another shot in hopes of getting a more experienced server who knows that the green chili chicken hash is supposed to actually have green chili and not hollandaise...
3	Service was good but the potatoes and biscuits were frozen. Fresh homemade biscuits and some hand cut potatoes would be nice.
4	Very nice wait staff, food brought out quickly, love the different coffee selections.
5	Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, and I am in love with the Egg I Am! It is so cute and family friendly. I always love to have tea with my breakfast, and last time they brought out a whole tea platter!! Can't wait to go back!
4	Good food and service. Nothing fancy - run of the mill breakfast joint. Prefer more character, but would eat there again if pressed for time.
2	On a recent Sunday morning around 8:00 AM, I went here for breakfast with my wife and two young children.  They were busy, as expected at this time of day, but not full.  We were seated right away and there were several other empty tables.  The hostess quickly brought a high chair, kids menu and colors. The waitress came quickly and took our drink order.  Everything went fine until it took seemingly forever to get our food.  We watched as two other tables (one also a family) received their food before us even though they were seated and ordered well after us.  Our waitress kept stopping by and telling us that ours should be ready "any minute". Finally I pointed out the other two tables and within a minute she brought our food.  However, my omelette was warm at best and my hash browns were cold.  My wife's French Toast was cold as well.  My omelette was also flat, think more like a fried egg texture instead of a thicker almost fluffy omelette as one would normally expect.  So it was a disappointing experience because this seems like a nice place and it is close to us.  Hopefully our experience was an exception so we will try it once more, but this experience was unsatisfactory due to food quality and timeliness of service.
1	Horrible. We were seated then ignored with 5 people standing around. When a couple came in several minutes after us and immediately had their drink order taken we decided to leave and go eat at Village Inn, where the service and food are dependable and good! On the way out the door At Egg I Am one of the lazy 5 standing around told us to have a good day. Really? Last time I will stop at this location to eat.
4	My son loves eggs everything about them how to prepare how to whip them hard boiled. I took him here before we have a day together of talking and walking to the comic book store, train store and he said Dad those eggs were good. They were sunny side up not burned not slimly and they made the smile face with the bacon and toast were ears. I like little touches like that seem like a gimmick but to a little boy without a high chair it's a big smile and it takes such little effort for the cook (I used to be a cook) or the server to make a plate look good.
4	The food is amazing. Service is good. The only thing is its a little over priced. But we still go there because it's so good.
1	Walk out of this place. This was my first time at this place and possibly my last. I have read most of the review and went off of what other people have said. We sat at our table for 15 minutes and no one helped us. The manager kept looking at our table then would disappear into the kitchen. Well now it's off Seville for us, where as a member we pay for good service.
5	We've been here four times now and absolutely love it! The veggie mushroom hash with tomato hollandaise is my personal favorite. Hands down the best breakfast place I've eaten at.
2	Food was okay, unfortunately the service is the worst.  Being the only breakfast place around (for now) took way to long to get a table. Then once we did get seated and order, waited over an hour for food. To bad
5	To quote my wife "The best waffle she ever had in her life & it doesn't need syrup!"Place is pretty busy but they seat you fast and the service is always friendly.  The eggs are really good and you can add cheese and even get stuffed French toast with eggs. Kids love the waffles and prices are really good for what you get.  The waffle "Sugar & Spice" (Pumpkin Pecan) is the one my wife said was the greatest ever and it might be seasonal so for that reason alone we will be back next weekend.
5	What a great place to enjoy a fantastic meal. Great service and food that compares to the Broken Yoke in San Diego!!! Will make this a regular place to eat.
3	Great little place to do for Sunday breakfast with the family.  Very nice servers,  ok food (it was barely warm) at a fair price, colored pencils instead of crayons for the kids. :). They also allowed me to charge my phone at the hostess desk.  2 thumbs up.
4	20 minute wait in a Sunday at 11am- not too bad. Must mean food is good.  I got chicken egg white omelette with avocado & green chile with a side of fruit $9-huge & goodKids got rasberry granola pancakes with yogurt on top $6-incredible Hubbie got Mexican burrito smothered in green pork sauce- $9 really great Drank waters-$32 total with tipService excellent Will be back  ;)
5	Been to this place a couple times and it's always been great! There is always a wait but it's well worth it! First time I went I got biscuits and gravy and the second time a salad. Both were delicious and the restaurant has a cozy feel to it. I will defiantly keep coming back! I highly recommend this place of you live near by.
5	Great bteakfast!  The green chili chicken hash was the best. If we were not visitors this place would be on the top of my favorites listm
1	Been wanting to try this place. Gotta say the food was not great. My biscuits were hard and the gravy was congealed and crusted over. And we got charged for the coffee we ordered to keep warm because they didn't have the heat on and right next to the door opening every 5 seconds it was damn near freezing. The coffee mind u is free while you wait only 3 feet away from me, but because I didn't want to seem tacky getting up and walking over there for it, I asked my waitress for it. My food came 2 seconds later so it barely got touched. And they charged us $5! For coffee they give out for free to the person standing RIGHT NEXT to me! I asked the manager to take it off and she gave me total attitude. So not going back. That lady was a b**** and the food was no where near good enough to compensate for it.
4	It's rare to say breakfast is amazing, usually good or fare is my standard response. But this is amazing. All the ingredients are good. The choices are great.  Service has been above average, very attentive. Our new favorite breakfast spot.
3	Nothing special IMO. Long wait to get seated and for food. Server wasn't paying attention to things we requested. Wasn't outrageously bad, but we won't be back
4	Great breakfast spot, I liked the idea of the free meeting room. I had the Green Chile Chicken Hash and I thought it was great. The coffee (Pecan) was good too but wasn't that hot. Good service and everyone was friendly. I did go back with the whole family Debbie was a great server, breakfast was awesome for everyone. My only knock was when I ordered a side of corned beef hash I ended up with a side of hashed potatoes but since I'm a meat n potatoes kind of guy, I ate it anyway and was still ok with it. The picture of my son says a lot, propped up in the corner of the booth with 2 bites of his adult size pancake left on his plate with his hood over his head like he went to battle with his food and lost.
1	I was super excited to see there was a breakfast spot near me that served grits. The atmosphere and service was great up until the moment I pulled someone's hair from my tooth. I was instantly mortified and expressed my concern to who appeared as a female manager. After I shared my discontent regarding the hair fiasco she begin to laugh and tell me her cooks wear hair nets. Lets just say I will never return to this establishment.
5	Good food,  great service.  I don't think I've seen a better managed restaurant.  There is attention to every detail...  Nice to have a selection of coffees too.  The food is slightly generic and heavy on potatoes but worth coming out for.
4	A very popular breakfast spot in Queen Creek. Lots to choose from for breakfast & lunch. Good it's good &, the service too. This is my 2nd time here.
1	This was our first and last visit.  I ordered a club sandwich and asked for extra pickles and the waitress had to ask how much they will charge. Half a buck for one pickle spear... I'm not cheap but that's tacky nickel  and dime, oh I'm sorry half a buck. BS. Did I mention 25 min to get our meal when not that busy?
3	I tried The Egg I Am on Sunday Morning at about 10 am.  Upon arrival, we put our names on the list as there was a wait.  After about a 15-20 minute wait for our table for two, we were seated.  The restaurant has a typical breakfast joint feel; country.   The seats were fairly uncomfortable.We were promptly greeted by our server and our drink order was taken.  Shortly thereafter, our drinks were served.  Our food took about 15 minutes which was an appropriate amount of time I thought for how busy they were.  I ordered the Viva La France which was 2 slices of french toast, 2 eggs your way and 2 slices of bacon.  They food expediter brought out our food and did not bring me syrup so I had to ask for it.  The food was ok, actually the eggs were good and buttery but the french toast was so-so.  All in all, The Egg I Am is good. While a little pricier than it needs to be but not exorbitant, it is an ok place for breakfast.  Next time, I may try for lunch.
5	Been here a few times. Breakfast items are great. Loaded potato soup and Rueben were okay. Service was excellent, everyone was very friendly.
5	Great Price, Great food.   Very clean, friendly and attentive service.  Be prepared to wait sunday morning.
1	The first few times we've been here, great experience. Went today. Sat right away but waited 30 minutes for our food to be delivered. Omelet was pretty flat. Bacon was under cooked. Scrambled eggs had large yolk pieces. Only highlight were the waffles. Probably won't be back.
2	Good food. Lethargic service.I waited to review The Egg I Am until after my 3rd visit. My first visit, I thought the slow service was a fluke. Visit 2, the server had a new server in training as a shadow, so again I gave them a pass. My 3rd visit made me realize that the slow service is an ongoing issue.While the food is good, you best not be in a hurry. If you go bring your patients.
4	Food is great, service can be a little hit and miss. It's never terrible, just not always great. On weekends there is always a wait so be prepared for that. My husband loves the green chile chicken hash. I usually order from the "lighter" menu and get something like the oatmeal or yogurt parfait.
4	The breakfast took a long time but when it finally did it was good! But a little pricey for eggs and bacon!
5	Excellent food and service! The club and turkey,  apple,  raisin croissant were incredible.  The homemade chicken corn chowder made my daughter want seconds!  My son ordered a burger off the kids menu and it was huge!  Overall. .. just moved here and this will be a regular stop for us! !!
5	We love this place, we go every Sunday for breakfast! Food is wonderful, takes a bit to get your food but totally worth the wait! Wonderful staff too!!!
2	So I have been here a few more times after my initial review and I'm sad to say I will not be returning. While the service is good, the food has been mediocre at best, food quality is not great nothing special here. Stinks it's the only breakfast place right now jn the area.
5	We have tried this place two times since my review and I have to say we have seen an amazing turn around. One of the owners did reach out to me, and apologized for the experience. True professionalism!! The Santa Fe Huevos Rancheros are amazing. On our last visit a male( one of the owners according to our server) was going around to the tables, filling waters, and taking real ownership in making sure everyone had a great experience. New Pre-Golf hot spot!!!
2	I tried so hard to like this place. How can you go wrong with a giant pancake? I ordered an apple granola pancake. It contained two ingredients that did not belong - a raisin (not too big of a deal but technically was not supposed to be in the pancake) and a piece of avocado (it was bright green and definitely looked like an avocado - I didn't try eating it). I don't know how those two things ended up in the apple pancakes but I've never had that happen to me at a restaurant. The pancake was decent beyond those two things but way overpriced. I'm sorry but I won't be back. I don't suggest it.
4	Great food and friendly service, but the Muzak will put you back to sleep...or stab yourself in the ears with an ice pick.
3	Not anything special. Food wasn't too bad service was good. I would have rather gone to my ultimate favorite place The Gilbert House!
2	Pretty hit and miss. I usually order the same couple of things. NEVER made the same way twice in a row. Frustrating when simple ingredients are missing all together. Should be able to get what you pay for. A bit pricey.
2	Woke up late from midnight showing of Guardians Of The Galaxy. ( Awesome movie, there is 2 small clip after the credit first one is super cute but second one is not worth waiting for.) Wanted some late breakfast/lunch.  First time at The Egg I Am.  Place was very clean and like the decor of this restaurant.  Our waitress was very friendly and pleasant.  I ordered eggs benedict with country potatoes.  My eggs benedict was drowned in hollandaise sauce and oh my gosh was my potatoes oily.  I pressed one of the potato cube with my fork and oils just pooled out.  Yuck!!!  I will give them one more chance.  You never know they might be having a bad day.  But if they mess up second time it's the last time you'll see me there.
5	Thank you The Egg I Am for a wonderful lunch. Well will be back!!! I had the Chopped Salad. Very tasty!!
5	Took my sister here for brunch. She had dietary limitations and explained to the server what she wanted. Her meal was beyond her expectations and was delicious. I had the breakfast sandwich and it was super delish. I like how you are served a carafe of your beverages and I especially liked that the cashier reminded me of a discount I wasn't aware of.  I will be back for sure!
4	What a difference a few months makes. Had a great breakfast meeting and the service was OUTSTANDING! Tentative, efficient, no waiting. The food was superb and the service matched the quality. I love a restaurant that responds to a complaint by making adjustments. Can't wait to go again.
2	The food was below the standard I expect for a mom & pop breakfast joint. I had steak and eggs. Although the steak was tender, it was poorly seasoned - even A1 didn't make it tasty. The eggs were bland as hell and don't get me started on the "ranch" potatoes. If I go to a mom & pop for breakfast I want real potatoes not frozen packaged potato squares. They were simply dismal. The waitress was nice though.
4	Never disappoints. Overall fantastic experience every time we visit. The Hiker's Egg Benedict was probably one of the best breakfast items I have ever had. Friendly service. Insides could use a revamp but maybe that is a matter of personal taste so we won't hold this against them ever.
5	My parents actually turned us onto this place (usually we're the ones to introduce them to new places). We went on a Sunday around 11, they were pretty packed but we were seated quickly enough. The place has a quaint, country charm vibe.Our waiter was very attentive and after realizing how fast we go through iced tea and water he brought us adorable little pitchers! My Mom and I ordered the eggs benedict. I liked everything but the ham (I'm not big on ham to begin with though). I'm very picky about my poached eggs being cooked properly and can go all Gordon Ramsey if they're messed up. They were perfect! I really loved the hollandaise too.I forget what my Dad and hubby ordered but they loved theirs as well. We'll definitely be going back here regularly!
5	Delicious food, nice, clean atmosphere. Not too busy, especially since Saturday brunch-time, were seated right away.  Good price and very friendly staff. Definitely would recommend.
4	So cute. Good food. Super nice waitress. A little on the pricy side for being a breakfast/lunch place, but food is spot on.
3	Decent breakfast chow, in a nice setting coupled w/ friendly service.Broad menu and our party were all pleased w/ their food.  Biscuits and gravy were just okay, but the pork sausage patties were very tasty.  Sole potato option is of the diced variety, and it would be nice if hash browns were added to the menu.  Service was friendly and efficient. We arrived on a Sunday before 8, and were immediately seated. By 0815, the place was nearly full.  Outdoor seating is plentiful, which was good for the sweaty bicyclists that arrived en masse after their road workout.Cheers!RS
5	Went to the Egg I am for the first time.  We wanted to try something different and came across this place through yelp.  There were a lot of great reviews so we decided to give it a go!Loved it!  Food was delicious, reasonably priced and everyone was super friendly.  Our order was placed and arrived at our table with in 5 minutes..It was so fast!  The restaurant itself is a typical looking breakfast atmosphere...not huge, which I like.  We ate outside on the patio which I love to do when the weather here in AZ. permitsIf you are looking for a new breakfast place, give this one a go.  Looks like they have a great lunch menu as well.
4	Not the best but pretty good. I wouldn't make this place my fav rest but still ok with every once in a while. Not good service.
2	Good food but waited nearly an hour to be seated even after calling for reservations.  They're not adequately equipped to host large parties (6+).
5	My husband discovered this little gem on his way to school.  He told me about it and said it's probably something I would enjoy.  So glad he did!I've always tried something different and I've never been disappointed.  Today it was the Colorado Jack Scramble with a small side of pork green chili.  YUM!  The waiter also brought me some guacamole because they put avocado on my meal, instead of the guacamole.  Different, but surprisingly tasty.We've never been disappointed in this place.  And the service is always stellar.  We've been fortunate enough to have the same waiter, Payson, each time we've been in.  He always greets us with a smile and comments if we haven't been in for a bit.  I'll be disappointed when he eventually moves on because he's just a delightful young man.  I always make sure he's tipped well. ;)Overall, we like this place for breakfast.  We've never had lunch so can't comment, but that'll come someday.  The place is clean, service great and we think the price is spot on.  My husband commented this morning that he appreciates that there is not a ton of food on the plate that's going to be wasted.  Many breakfast places throw a bunch of potatoes on the plate for their filler.  We'll continue to patronize The Egg I am!
1	First time trying this restaurant, and we won't be back. It took 45 minutes to get breakfast. Water glasses were not refilled, and we weren't asked if we wanted another pot of coffee. The potatoes were lukewarm/cold and hard as bricks. The egg dish was OK. My husband said his biscuits were hard. Not worth the time or money to return when better places are nearby.
4	Our waitress was friendly at first but a little scattered throughout our service.  My friend and I ordered different things to try some dishes and all were very yummy.  The eggs, which for me is the most important part of breakfast, were cooked perfectly.  We didn't feel rushed, considering there was a line to get in.  We will be back.
4	Great service! Made suggestions about loaded potatoes, which interested my hubby for our next visit.  Like the environment, feels "homey," new and inviting, even though it's a chain restaurant.   It was busy at 9:45, had to wait 15 minutes to be seated.  But not bad for a Satursay morning!  It was a bit humid in the restaurant.  If it wasn't cold outside, we would've sat out on the patio.  Although, they do have heaters on the patio. I ordered over-hard eggs, bacon and sausage.  Bacon wasn't crispy and the eggs could've been cooked longer so the yolk could be completely cooked. But to be fair, I didn't ask for crispy bacon.  Husband and niece loved their biscuits and gravy! Mother in law loved the sourdough bread, but thought the bacon was under-cooked. Our waitress was nice to ask if we wanted cups to take our drinks to go.  Good server.  I liked this place and the food was pretty good.  We'll come back again.
5	Great food, low cost, friendly staff-the strawberry banana pancakes rock!! Kid friendly!!
2	We had great service,good coffee nice atmosphere. The food is the reason for the two stars.The potatoes where tasteless no shredded just frozen chunks. The biscuits where hard, not homemade and the gravy was bland.
