4	I was given the nice opportunity to go to the soft opening of this new show. The story line is basically about a "fat, handsome" panda who is madly in love with a peacock, but then a king vulture swoops the peacock up and kidnaps her. This forces the panda to venture and learn the ways of the shaolin kung fu to fight the vulture and save the peacock. Here's the quick 411:Schedule: TUESDAY-SUNDAY: 7:30 P.M.                  MONDAY:DARKPrice: $48-$128Seating: 1,300 Length: 1 hour 45 minsThe good thing about this theater is that you get a pretty good view of the stage anywhere you go. However, when trying to optimize your show experience, you want avoid the sides since the bamboo plant will block some of the view. The best seats of course are the orchestra seats or main floor seats (I think they're section 2 in the map). If you bring your kids, I would suggest isle seats as the performers are going down those main isles fairly often throughout the show.While I think the story plot sounds a lot like Kung Fu Panda, I did not mind it so much. The lack of Cirque du Solei touch definitely makes up for it with their highly engaging show with the audience. It made the show much more interesting and fun. Their performance acts included acrobatic pandas,traditional chinese dances from the female dancers, jumping monkeys, dancing soldier statues and drums. Big props to the pandas wearing those heavy costumes and still managing to do aerial tricks.**HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR THE FAMILY AND CHILDREN.It's very interactive with the audience, humorous, with fun variety show tricks that gets a lot of the kids interested. It's filled with colors fun special effects from their interactive light displays and special effects. You get to do fun photo opps with the pandas before the show as well. I think the only downside to their theater is it's smack dab in the middle of the Grand Lux and their bar lounge. The hallway into the theater is very very narrow in which the will call reception desk is in as well. The whole thing is just designed with very small space and you can really tell. With only one stairway that basically fits a width of 3 people long, you tend to wait for a while to be seated as well as leaving. The small confined space you're in makes you feel stuffy and anxious for sure. Either than that! The show was fun and I would definitely bring kids to watch this show.
5	Oh my you guys, if you ever get tickets for this, this is a show definitely worth watching! I enjoyed every second of it! The acrobatics, the martial arts, the beauty of the show as a whole. When you watch the show, the beginning doesn't have much to do with the story, but you will understand once it starts. Parts of the show are interactive and that's where some of the perks come in with sitting in the front. If you sit farther back or on the deck, you might be able to get a better view of the show as a whole. I had some trouble viewing things sitting in the front, but that didn't take away from the amazingness of the show!When you see everyone perform, you can really appreciate the hard work these people had to put in with their bodies and the rehearsing they put into the show itself. The beauty of the show is amazing and I would love to see the show again. If you are deciding whether or not to watch the show if you are staying at the Venetian or Palazzo, to take a date to watch this, or just to do something different on a random day, I highly suggest watching Panda!
4	Panda! is a fun and entertaining show.  It's also a show that many children would like because of the pandas in the theatre entrance and during the show.  As you enter the theatre, there's an opportunity for a photo op with a large panda for you and/or the kids.  There are also pandas on the stairs. Kids of all ages seem to be drawn by those cute animals.  You want to see a panda break dance?  Come see this show!I would describe the show as a mix of acrobatics, kung fu,  and dance.   There is a whole lot less acrobatics than you see in a Cirque du Soleil show but that's perfectly OK.  There is interaction with the audience at times and the performers of all ages are very talented and have trained well!A couple of things really got to the theatre person in me.  The "curtain" consists of about 35 weighted, cloth tubes onto which different things can be projected.  Before the show, it looks like large stalks of bamboo growing.  Because the curtain is in so many sections, they can raise a small section to reveal one character, lower that section, and raise another section on the other side of the stage.  And the whole thing can be at different levels to add to the staging.The projections on the back wall and on various objects lowered from above are outstanding!  One is a volcanic eruption that fits into the story somewhat.  Another brings some humor when live performers dance in unison with a large number of terra cotta soldiers.  That was really well done!The music and the costumes are beautiful. For me, it added to the story but I have always liked classical Asian music of this type.  The show started promptly at 7:30 and ended at 8:57.  It is really an entertaining show.
4	As a poor graduate student that is obsessed with pandas, this was the only show I considered seeing in Vegas. My friends and I got the cheapest seats ($48), and sat about 4 rows from the back of the section 2, which afforded us a great, unhindered view of the stage. If you get seats online early enough, there is no need to get more expensive seats!Upon arrival, there were groups of performers in panda suits milling about upstairs for photos. They were hilarious and energetic, and generously took multiple photos with us. The show went from 7:30-9pm, without an intermission, and was lively and fast-paced. Other than a brief spoken introduction in the beginning, there is no talking or singing, just lots of acrobatics, dancing, martial arts, and pandas bouncing around on stage. As a Chinese-American that has seen classic Chinese performances since childhood, I really appreciated how much was incorporated into this show: fan dancing, bian lian (super fast mask-changing), drums, spinning plates and handkerchiefs, long sleeves dance (one of my faves), martial arts, all sorts of crazy acrobatics and aerial ribbon work, and did I mention the bouncing pandas? The performers often came down into the aisles or hung on ropes above the audience. At one point they threw 3 giant inflatable panda-print beach balls into the audience, and performers threw little gifts into the crowd as well.The show also included a lot of detailed visual effects and images projected onto the back and on the "curtain," which was really a lot of long panels. The music was distractingly similar to Pirates of the Caribbean, but hey, I still enjoyed it!Overall, an entertaining and relatively inexpensive show to see on the Strip! Great for people of all ages. I recommend! :)
4	I like the Sands properties since their shows are constantly rotating, bringing something new. The people who produced the Beijing Olympic ceremonies also produced Panda ! So the basic story is Long Long is on a journey to save his Peacock Princess from the Demon Vulture who kidnapped her on their wedding day. It's got a little bit of everything: stunts like balancing on stilts, acrobatics, kung fu board breaking and sword work and traditional Chinese dances from the long sleeve dance to some fan dancing. I think the costuming was done very nicely and the stage was nicely used. The one thing is the whole back wall is used to project various landscapes and since there are steps and such in the back in certain angles the projection didn't look like it lined up right. The musical score I think was welldone and made sense with the story, though it would have been lovely to see more live music since Chinese culture has such awesome traditional drumming and unique instruments like the huqin Overall though it was lively and pretty show. They try to interact and make it fun for the audience. Before the show you can find the pandas wandering around the lobby for pictures. During the show, they've thrown out various trinkets, pulled little kids to dance in the aisles with them, throw streamers onto some people, had big panda beach balls being thrown about during a staging transition. Between the theme, the bright staging and the audience interaction I would say this would be a good family friendly show choice. It seemed like there was a high number of children watching and seemed to really be enjoying themselves. Now I know that the main draw IS the panda characters, but I feel mixed about that. So the pandas are the only ones in full on fuzzy animal suits and other animals are more people with wardrobe that was made to interpret a animal. So there were moments where it's supposed to be sad or tense and I just couldn't muster up the feels for him since the panda was such a caricature of himself. He's supposed to be shaking in sadness and crying when he lost princess peccock, but his big head is just bobbing in a way that was funny and not helping the cause. In the picture I posted of the show, you'll see how it's a serious scene with everyone else on stage and then....there's a kawaii little panda in a suit and top hat. And of course, the story line sounds a little stolen from Kung Fu Panda. I absolutely loved Po, but the animation and the fact everyone else is animated made that more congruous. I'm sure it's a love/hate thing and some people may absolutely adore the fact it's a panda and part of the point is that it's fun/funny. Overall, I still enjoyed the show and appreciated the variety and a different culture it brings to the Vegas show lineup. Definitely if you are a parent, this would make a great family night. Or if you are a rice chaser, as I saw a lot of those there too.
3	Is there such a thing as a "hopeful" 3-star rating?So. Panda is brand new. With that in mind, I am hopeful because there is genuinely a lot of potential here. At the moment, it is half-baked, hard to follow, and unusually quiet.  I'll explain.Half-baked.The newness of the show shines right through but in that "this is my first time in a high school play" kind of way. There is a narrative that is openly spoken at first, and then assumed to be clear as you watch this hot mess of a story. Sometimes, the center of attention isn't clear. Where should I be looking? What is happening story-wise? What does THAT mean? Yeah. It needs refining.Hard to follow.Ok, you're told what the story is about aaand... that's it. The rest... you just hope and pray you understand. I mean, you'll get a general overview. But there were a lot of moments where I thought, "wait, who is that?" "Is that the same panda from earlier?" "What is that?" "Where are they now?" It's just assumed you're going to understand this underlying story with absolutely nothing guiding it but [skilled] groups doing their thing.Quiet.Yeah. Aside from a continuous soundtrack, there is nearly no sound. Nobody talks, nobody sings, no narrator again, nothing. You will hear some swinging weapons, but that's it. It was almost awkward.On the upside, the cast and crew are extremely talented. I know they can do better that this show. They can be choreographed and directed better than they were. Sometimes, they were synchronized from each other. Other times, they were unsynced from the music. Even a drummer was unsynced from a beat. Weird. But I know it'll be ironed out.My favorite bits had to all be involving the women. Their scenes were colorful, artful, and beautiful. There was also a child that was remarkably talented. He had the most applause - by far. This is telling of the rest of the show in a way. He was memorable. Some kids next to me were super pumped, though, watching everyone in panda outfits. One girl said, "show off!" to a villain.Anyway, given time I'm sure their issues will be ironed out. I think this is more of a children's show overall, and I think they will likely change its content to become more adult later on.
3	I feel pretty conflicted about "Panda!".  Some of these acrobats and martial artists have spent their whole lives perfecting their craft and deserve to be applauded and recognized for their skills.  It just misses the mark as a total package and I can't put my finger on just one thing.  My friends and coworkers that had already seen this were really down on it.  Are Las Vegans collectively so numb and jaded to this kind of show since it's almost all "been there, done that"?  I guess I feel that way now which is unfortunate.  I liked the acrobats jumping through hoops, the little kung fu kid and the costumes.  The story is pretty loose but I don't really care about that kind of stuff when it comes to Cirque du Shaolin.  Some of the sets were done well and I thought the all digital LED background was cool.  That made it easy to drastically change the mood and appearance of the stage very quickly.    But the majority of the audience was pretty blahzay about it all this evening.  Applause for the performers was pretty apathetic, the juggler dropped his balls, one percussionist was off rhythm like he was playing drunk.  Near the end, various performers were trying to get the crowd to clap along to no avail.  That was kind of embarrassing.      If you're paying for tickets, you could argue that the rear orchestra would be the best seating area to full absorb all the stuff happening in the show.  Plus you would be able to see all the aerials coming from up top and performers in the aisles where the people right up front would have to turn around to see everything behind them.     I am curious what the reasons were behind LV Sands Corp bringing in this show.  They've generally done a good job booking counter entertainment programming over the years like Blue Man, Phantom and Jersey Boys in the past so that tourists could do one Cirque show and then something different the next night.  If their plan was to go head to head with that then they missed the mark in that regard.  Almost every Cirque du Soleil show is better than this.  Maybe they're trying to make all their high roller Chinese baccarat players happy or at the very least their wives and kids as they gambled away without distraction for 2 hours.  I could see this show being a big HIT in Colorado or Washington state for some reason :)
5	Spectacular and fresh! check it out!Every scenario is jam packed with awe inspiring skilled performers. I love the use of video and graphics that propels and links each scenarios together as wells as becoming part of each scene. The athletic abilities of the performers are master elite level. A good time for the entire family.
2	I agree exactly with what Philip T had to say. I'm conflicted about this show as well, and it's funny that my friend and I said the same thing that he mentioned - are we really so jaded having seen so many other shows in this town? Compared to the kind of acrobatics you see in other Cirque (or Cirque type) shows, nothing they did in Panda was all that impressive. Can I balance on one hand in a panda suit? Hells no, but there are 2 chinese guys that perform for free on a blanket in front of the Bellagio fountains - it was around the same level as that.  I love pandas, but honestly it was probably the pandas that ruined this show - making it seem silly and juvenile. Yes the pandas were adorable, but they could've put a little more effort into the costumes. They were all pretty raggedy, and it felt like I was looking at those guys who beg for "donations" to take pics downtown. I also wonder if the main guy could've done more impressive things if he wasn't forced to wear a stupid panda costume. I'm assuming the pandas were thrown in because pandas are cute and will sell merchandise - it really served no purpose. But I guess you could look at Panda as a beautiful story of interracial (interspecies?) love. Besides the panda suits, the costumes were great, and the LED backgrounds were impressive, but only if you were looking at the stage from the middle. Looking at the LED panels even slightly from the side didn't have the same effect. I don't know anyone yet who has paid to see this show, but even those who said they liked it, also said they wouldn't have paid to see it. Probably more importantly, I don't know anyone who would recommend other people paying for their tickets. I would recommend this show only to someone with kids below 10, but since the adults would have to sit through it too, I dunno... The entire show moved really slowly, and the first 30 min literally felt like an hour. Normally shows are more fun after a couple drinks, but not this one.
5	Panda - a new show at the Venetian - is amazing and well worth going to. Visually amazing; well done.....and a great show.its a great show to take the kids too as well......with the cute panda bears.....that show up periodically throughout the show......We got a deal as it just opened ($40 for orchestra section) and that is a steal - it could have easily demanded Cirque prices.Hopefully this is the start of an amazing journey for Panda show at this location....and well worth seeing if in Vegas
5	Great show to see just in time for Chinese New Year =)Located at the Palazzo Theatre, this show hasn't even been a resident at the Palazzo for a month yet but I can see it thriving. Direct from Beijing, China, we got one talented group of performers here. I believe this show has something for everyone. You got the cute cuddly costumed Pandas for the little kids....and then you got your beautiful Asian female dancers for the men (and women perhaps), and then you got your manly Asian male performers who are athletic and not too bad on the eyes for the women.What really stood out in my mind were the female dancers. Their beautiful costumes, intricate dance movements, flexibility and fluidity of their bodies while dancing was just mesmerizing. I'm a dancer myself so I know talent when I see it. And they definitely delivered!Tickets start as low as $48.00. I recommend not sitting too close to the front.. Anything in Section 2, Orchestra Seating and any row AFTER Row J is ideal. You want to see everything that's going on because more than one thing is usually happening at all scenes. This is kind of like a Cirque show. A "cheaper version" of a Cirque show. But still very, very entertaining.Would I pay for it to see this? Ehh...sure why not? But honestly...seeing this show once is more than enough. My tickets were complimentary this time around but I wouldn't mind paying $48 for this. This is a 90 minute show. Starts at 7:30pm with doors opening 30 minutes prior to show time. No intermission so go to the bathroom before.
3	I read all of the reviews prior to heading to this show.  It looked somewhat interesting and was hoping for at least some mild entertainment.  Unfortunately I'm not sure if I was entertained/creeped out or what in the end?The plot of the show itself makes sense in theory... a panda marrying a peacock, she gets kidnapped (birdnapped?) and he goes to rescue her.   There's been much worse plots out there, so whatever, I can roll with that.  The opening of the show reminded me of a creepier version of the weird parts of fantasia... something about just screamed "nightmares for little kids"...  the customs seem poorly designed over-all with the panda's being horrible for a show out here.Anyway... the performers themselves were actually good at what they do and that's the only reason it's getting 3 stars, I feel like it's too high personally for what it is.  If they got rid of the plot and just let the performers do their thing, the show would've been great.This show has moments were you question who this is aimed at.  It doesn't seem like it's meant for kids, you can tell it's not meant for adults... and getting a teenager to watch this would be a joke, so no idea what their audience is.  I know they say it's an east meets west type of thing, I can only speak for myself but it misses the mark on the "west" portion.  I wish the performers the best in their future shows, I don't see this one lasting that long.
3	Alright, let's just get this out of the way: The whole thing is ridiculous.  There are people - in giant fuzzy panda costumes - doing acrobatic tricks.  I mean, it just sounds crazy, right?It is.Who would this show appeal to?-People who enjoy traditional Chinese dances.-People who appreciate martial arts.-People who haven't seen a Cirque show.-People who have a weird sense of humor. (My category)-People who are on some type of recreational mood enhancer.-Children.Who would this show not appeal to?-People who have an irrational fear of pandas.-People who require a show to flow smoothly from one scene to the next.-People who can't get over why all the other costumes are nice but the panda costumes are just some giant fuzzy goofy looking costumes. (Why?!)-People who don't like their eyes to be assaulted by bright colors flashing on giant screens.-People named Karen. (I'm assuming)-Hard-core Cirque lovers.A Cirque performance this is not.  The performers are incredibly talented, but something about the show is just off.  I want to say it's the fuzzy panda costumes but I think it may be more than that.  I think the best way to describe it is that you've got a bunch of talented performers and a decent budget for a set, but then put a couple of high school music teachers in charge of the show.  I will say it gave me some of the biggest laughs I've had so far this year, whether or not it was supposed to.To sum up, if you are in my list of people who the show would appeal to, then I would give it four stars.  If you are in my other list, two stars.
5	I absolutely LOVED this show.  I decided I would take my daughter (age 11) and a few of her classmates here and I am so glad I did!  They were grinning ear to ear and I think all of us said WOW about a dozen or more times!  They put so much creativity into this show.  I loved every aspect of the show and how it all came together to tell the story. I read a few of the other reviews and wondered why some even went to the show when they are disturbed by the fact that there were panda's performing in the show... Maybe they missed the name of the show?  It was so amazing that they were able to do all of those things while being dressed in an oversized panda suit.  If you want to see a show that you can tell they put a lot of thought into and a show with as much talent as most of the cirque shows this is a great pick!  I can't wait to see it again.  Bring your kids - it is family friendly!
3	When I saw a poster on the wall at The Palazzo of this show, I thought it looked rather intriguing. What I saw were pandas spread all around among bamboo trees. Looks like a good show for kids so of course I took my wifey and two boys (ages 9 and 12).So we go on a Wednesday night. As we enter the lobby of the Palazzo showroom, you have people dressed up in Panda suits literally crawling all over the place. We take pictures with them and make our way to the showroom. What I don't get is that you can take all the pics you want out in the lobby, but as soon as you get into the showroom, they tell you that you cant take any photos or video whatsoever.Anyways, if you plan on seeing this show, I would not recommend sitting in the front 15 rows. Why? Because they use the whole stage as an actual movie screen that tells you a story of what is happening. You also have performers that come out from the ceiling. That's why if you sit too close to the stage, you will literally be missing the big picture.The show? Meh. I think im spoiled by all the Cirque shows I have seen here in Vegas. I mean, don't get me wrong. I appreciate talented performers, but what these guys do are what I consider below Mystere, Ka, O, etc. My kids thought it was ok but if you ask them, they would rather watch a Cirque show. This show is about 90 minutes long. They have a mix of everything from acrobatics, kung fu, and fight sequences, to choreographed dances and characters flying through the air suspended by cables. What was kind of confusing to me was that they started the show with a little bit of narration and then the rest of the way, nothing but music and lots of visuals. If you weren't paying attention, the story is basically a bunch of cute pandas protecting a beautiful young princess but fail to ward off some evil looking head honcho and his minions. The Pandas actually get help from a bunch of monks and eventually rescue the kidnapped princess and everybody lives happily ever after.I would say this show would be good to see at least once. But unlike some of the Cirque shows I have seen and would love to see again, this is not one of them. So its really not all that bad but at the same time, I have seen better.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #39
2	"Ummm... what did I just watch?" Those were my words to my fiancee as we left. This show is clearly geared towards a certain demographic and culture. There are only one or two scenes that were actually decent but the rest were cringeworthy and painful.Kudos to the performers, you can tell they are amazing athletes and stunt people but they are not very good performers in my book. When you have to practically beg the crowd to cheer and get excited in general... that is not a good sign.The highlight of the show for me was the giant video screen which offered up some pretty incredible scenery at times. The little kid was pretty good too but I think people are going over the top for him. The way he was written about I thought he was the star of the show but he only has a couple of scenes. Grown adults in panda costumes, a story line that is choppy and leads up to a poor final battle scene and a lack of audience approval... I don't think Palazzo has found their next Jersey Boys quite yet.
4	Great show at a wonderful price.Kid friendly. A must see.Still smiling
3	This should be a great show, but I think it's missing the mark a little bit. The first thing that bothered me was the pandas themselves. The Panda performers were wearing cheap looking, ill fitting suits like from a strip mall costume rental shop. The panda heads looked flat and weirdly shaped. The monkey costumes later in the show were much better. There was no explanation of the story or what was going on. People came out, did their act and left the stage. I think it might be something about bad guys kidnapping a lady and the panda trying to get her back.This would probably be a great show for kids. There was a little kid in the show that did some pretty cool moves. Anyway, I didn't hate the show, but I wasn't blown away either. It just needs a little tweaking and a bit more oomph to take it to the next level.
3	The show was good.  The lighting and the sound need improvement.  The pink spot light was right in my face when the two girls were on top of the umbrella suspended over the audience.  The sound was too loud.  I missed about 15% of the show because it took place in the audience and I was in the balcony and only had a view of the stage.  The girls that play the part of the princess are great.  The artistry and the acrobatics are great.  It's worth seeing just make sure that you're on the main floor and not in the balcony.
4	I have been patiently biding my time to see this show since I first heard about it from John O at the Yelp Pizza Rock event-- TWO months ago. My patience finally paid off and I lucked into free passes earlier this week.So, let's just start off with the obvious: I'm giving it four stars. That's big, for me, I don't toss out stars haphazardly, but I'd go see this again if the opportunity presented itself.That being said, I don't really know where to start describing this.If you have kids, you might be thinking you can bring them to this show- and you'd be right, it's fascinating, but there are a few mildly scary parts. But it's so much more than just panda bears: there are elements of pole dancing, spinning plates, tumbling, acrobatics, martial arts, and even some illusions thrown in for good measure.The show starts off innocently enough, with the borderline-creepy pandas happy in the bamboo forest, then the adventure starts and the plot of our story begins: it's a love story and the panda must save his true love. Who is a gorgeous and talented woman who is dressed like a swan for most of the play. I don't get it, but roll with it.The epic odyssey introduces us to monkeys and warriors who teach Panda how to fight so that he can rescue her. But along the way, there is gorgeous scenery, silly moments, and some downright jaw-dropping stunts. It's gorgeous, and the animated high-def backdrop alternately adds to the drama as well as nearly distracts from it- it's innovative, that's for sure.I especially loved the disposition of the modern technology involved in making the show come together so well (lighting, sound, that backdrop!) with so many traditional dance and entertainment styles on stage- this is definitely not something you can find anywhere else in Vegas.My middle orchestra seats were about $100/each, so it's a bit pricey, but it's one I would say is worth the splurge- be sure to try to get some pics with the cast before or after the show!
3	Panda! is a spectacular show featured at the Palazzo hotel on the strip. It features various acts of martial arts and acrobatics. Some of these are pretty mind blowing, and must be seen to be believed. The intro of the story was a little corny, but once it got going, I had a great time. The show is kid friendly, with lots of laughs and good times to be had with the whole family. My only gripe is that the story was hard to follow sometimes. Although I was tired already, I think a little narration would help the show a lot. You are also more than welcome to take pictures with the pandas too! For the best experience be sure to sit in the middle floor section. Check it out!
4	Both my father and I enjoyed this show a lot. I think it's good for all.ages. If you have children that get scared easily be warned that there are a few scary charaters in a few scenes. But all in all it is visually impressive some acts are breathtaking and the music was awesome. Modern meets chinese. You could tell a lot of hard work and creativity went into making this spectacular show happen!
4	Got to go for free so my expectation were low, but it was a well produced, nicely paced, entertaining show.  I had my child with me and we all enjoyed the show till the end.  The group performing was obviously from some acrobatic team in Chinese, they were very good at their craft, the girls were so pretty and lithe, the boys were all kungfu master that can flip and flip again.  There was a little boy about 5-6 years old that really stole the show, poor thing probably doesn't even get to go to school, but he was flipping like the rest of them.  The storyline was about a Panda named Long Long who was in love and about to get married to a Peacock princess, the princess was kidnap by some evil looking bird monster, and the Panda had to go through trials and tribulations to win and rescue his girl back.  The music and background was colorful and well planned, so I'm giving it a solid 4 stars.  It kinda of sad that the show isn't well promoted.
5	I have seen all the shows. In Vegas, including the best ones such as Beatles love, o, jersey boys, all of which should be big on list.  This was not Beatles.  But, once you get past the pandas, it was incredible.  The acts were not only cirque quality, but in many cases better.  what I loved was the pace which was at a different level.  O creative, energetic, and with pandas.It was like being at the Olympics opening ceremony.  It was beautifully done, choreographed, acted, etc..this was not a silly pandashow, but something if you are open minded, it keeps you at edge of seat.Have fun..it's awesome!
4	Went to see Panda! with my family on our trip to Las Vegas for a 80th birthday party for my dad.  It's a Chinese acrobat type show, mixed with kung-fu demonstrations (even Shaolin monks).  The acrobats are excellent, with multiple sets, acts, keeps the flow going.  There is a story of sorts behind all the acts, but much like the Cirque shows, the story is just an excuse for amazing acrobatics.  It involves a panda who is supposed to marry his true love, a peacock princess (yeah, I know, the biology here is a little weird), and loses her to an evil villain.  He then has to go through kung-fu training to be able to rescue her, which he does in the end.  As my brother pointed out after the show, there's nothing in here that requires our hero to be a panda, could have been any thing, so not sure why it was Panda! as opposed to say, Tiger!  or Peacock! (which would have made more sense biologically ;-)  )  All carping aside, it was a good show.
2	Weird show. Rather than focus on the incredible acrobatic feats that were being performed, the spot light was on giant mascot pandas rolling around like Chris Farley in his Chippendales skit. If I had paid for this show, I would have asked for my money back.
2	I can see their goal to put some Chinese elements into theater art. However, the customs really need to rework and the script and the entire choreography need some serious work as well. They literally wasted all the performers' talents and it is a pity.
4	Great show!Very family friendly. I loved the monkeys the best.The show gets better after the panda costumes come off. It's hard to appreciate the skill involved when the performere body is hidden behind all the fur.
5	I have always been a big fan of Martial arts and acrobats. This show delivered beyond expectations. First off the show is very high energetic with upbeat music and very playful PANDAs all over the place. I loved tre energy.Major thing I really appreciated was how interactive the show was. Actors would fly down from right above us, the theatre isn't that big so they were very close to us. There were parts when characters would throw items into the crowd. One time included 3 gigantic pandas. Also the actors would come down from the aisles to the stage sometimes. There weren't far distances I between so it was cool.The acrobatics were amazing! I have seen acrobats before, even chinese acrobats before but the whole time I was very amazed they could still do these performance with thick panda outfits and panda heads on. Quote impressive and utterly cute.The storyline flowed very well and without really having verbal dialogue the actors used music and acting to portray what was going on. I will admit sometimes I was confused but by the end of the scene I understood what was going on.There were chinese dances that were very beautiful and the dancers really created a majestic setting. I was very amazed with the martial arts. The demonstrations really added to the show. Earlier this year my boyfriend and I went to see Shen Yu and both agree that Panda was way more entertaining than Shen Yu. Definitely would encourage people to see the show, it was amazing.
1	Great for kids and old and foreigners. If you like teletubbies you might like this. I love cirque du soleil shows but this one fails big time. Story line makes no sense and seating were small and very close to each other.  It got hot and very uncomfortable and couldn't wait for those 90 mins to be over. Stay away if you're in the age of 20-50.
4	I really enjoyed Panda! I was a bit conflicted at first because I thought it would be lame because there were people dressed up in Panda suits. But I mean how can you be mad at dancing pandas? SO CUTE! I feel this show is geared more towards kids but has elements that even adults can love and appreciate. The dancers were really talented, well trained and very entertaining. I felt like the crowed was lame. I love getting into a show, clapping, oohing and ahhhhing. I felt bad for the performers. I don't feel like they were prying praise out of us, I just felt like most people were too shy to clap or just bored. I love how interactive they were with the crowd. The Pandas coming into the audience, throwing tiny trinkets and then Panda beach ball! The bright colors and the digital projections in the back ground made me feel like I was right up there joining the Panda on his journey to rescue his lady Peacock. Please go see Panda! Super cute and you will be glad you did.
4	I've seen all Cirque shows in Vegas so I didn't have high expectations going in to Panda! While most of the acrobat moves are nothing new, the idea of incorporating animated background and walls is ingenious! The crisp, clear, moving images are visually stunning. The costumes were dazzling and colorful. What a great set design! Bonus points are given for interactive intermissions by way of throwing giant inflatable panda balls for the audience to play while the set is changed. Not to mention there are goodies being thrown towards viewers during the show. My sister ended up with two free souvenirs, making this a very memorable trip for her. I'm also extremely impressed at how the performers are able to perform difficult stunts while wearing a panda suit! It's cute yet dangerous. Dangerously cute? All in all this is a big production worth seeing. The story was easy to follow which makes it fun for little kids but it's also worthwhile for the big kids as well.
5	Definitely love panda! I think everyone gets the wrong idea of this show being too corny or too kiddish but this show reaches out to ALL audiences! I found the pandas are SO CUTE rolling around and dancing on stage but what definitely really got me were the acrobatics and the martial arts. The female dancers had AMAZING costumes and they were dancing gracefully. Every performer was professional and very clean! The storyline is very clear from beginning to end, didn't have me confused or guessing what was going on. Unfortunately, there was NO narrator telling the audience what was happening from time to time. It was just graphics on the screen, it would of been nice to hear a little narration instead of just instrumental music playing with the graphics. Performers are VERY interactive during the show, they literally walk down the aisle between the different seating sections and got in front of people's faces while staying in character. You have to look around and even UP sometimes to see a few performers coming down and its really a surprise because you never know when they're going to appear. I recommend this show! and I enjoyed it WAY more than Blue Man Group honestly. Blue Man group didn't "wow" me, it made me laugh but didn't "wow" me, this show did! PANDA! did! I wish this show got more recognition though, they really do deserve it with all their hard work put into this show! Go see it! No regrets!
4	This is a good show, and certainly one to bring kids to. Took the family and we had a good time! Not a cirque show by any means but much better than I expected.
4	The show was really fun and light-hearted. The best place to sit is of course in the middle, so if you can try to get seats there or some displays will be a little off the mark. It was really exciting to watch and they also have crowd interaction moments that helped get the crowd into it. There was an animated background but most of the time I forgot it was there in lieu of the performers. Definitely a fun show to watch, especially the Shaolin bit.
4	BRING EARPLUGS! My family and I all agree that it was much too loud and my younger sister was plugging her ears the whole time. The show is cute and interesting, and not too long. Compared to other acrobatic shows in Vegas it doesn't really hold up, but it IS half the price. It has a lot of very clever transitions and stage effects. The music was pretty and the pandas were making us all giggle. Appropriate for kids
2	I know ratings are generally over-rated for all shows on the strip, but not sure how this gets a solid 4-stars?!?!  The overall performance is fairly bland - nothing you've never seen before (especially growing up asian american and going to a bunch of 'asian' festivals).  A lot of the local kung fu schools have students that can wield and use the weapons as well as the gentlemen on stage... the acrobatics are mediocre (compared to some cirque performers and just general performances you can find on youtube)... the guy with the whip was super annoying... the pandas are funny and the little boy is the highlight of the show... my 4 year old enjoyed it - so YES, i would recommend this show for anyone who has younger children - if you are a bunch of adults, or newly weds, friends - i'd definitely watch something else.just as an aside; the performances you will see are similar to the ones you would see at epcot center in orlando outside of the 'china' area...  if you've witnessed any shaolin demonstrations before, then this show will not blow you away... in any way...
4	This show was pretty fantastic. It's the first Chinese show in Vegas and features trained monks! They just opened January of this year and are expected to close end of July, but may get extended. The theater itself is a bit smaller compared to some of the theaters for Cirque shows, which makes almost every seat in the house pretty great. The majority of the side seats were empty (we came on a Saturday night), but tickets were fairly cheap at $67 for a 3rd category seat-- make sure to pick up one of those small Vegas magazines at the mall for a $20 off Category 1, 2, or 3 seat, which made category 3 and 4 the same price. The screens, projections, stage elements, music, and costumes are fantastic. The acrobatics, though nothing new, were pretty exciting. Add a panda suit, and it makes the whole show a new level of amazing. There were some parts of the story line I didn't quite understand and I didn't really feel one of the songs at the end, but overall, I loved how interactive this show was. There were definitely some seats that got more swag thrown to them than the rest of the crowd, but it was still fun and got the audience excited. Even between sets, they made sure we were entertained and having fun. I definitely would recommend seeing this show. I've had pretty low expectations post-Criss Angel Cirque du Soleil, so this definitely got me excited about Vegas shows again!
4	Being in the forty-something age group I grew up watching Bruce Lee movies and every Saturday was Black Belt Theatre on television. My kids and I do tae kwon do now. So we were all interested in watching this with the whole Kung Fu thing. Seeing it on screen is one thing where it can be touched up w special effects. Live? Totally awesome. Panda! was produced by the same guys who brought you the Beijing Olympic ceremonies. It's a non speaking production so I strongly suggest reading the synopsis handout near the doors before you watch it otherwise you might get confused which happened to me. The Kung Fu, acrobatics, and magic were astounding. A lot of "How in the world did they do that?" type moments. The show is at The Palazzo. Tix start at $68 at the door. We went to a third party vendor and got the same tix (rear orchestra) for $55. It is a small venue so "rear" is pretty close. A half hour before the show, some of the Panda characters come to the lobby for picture opportunities. It's not Les Miserables but definitely good clean family fun.
3	Came here on a Friday evening with a friend who had been given the tickets. Was a decent distance away from the stage (row S). Far enough to see everything but not too close either. Simply said, this show is quite random. For those who know a bit about chinese history or what not, you'd have a few "wtf?" and facepalm moments. The weirdest thing, upon arriving at the venue of Palazzo Theatre, is the FLAT FACED PANDAS ! what the heck? why are they so flat faced? D: SO WEIRD ! nice decor aside from that. During the show, you'd have like monkey king to white snake to terra cotta warriors or what not... what the random D: story wise, i was a bit lost lol XDTo me, not a show i'd pay for. It was funny and entertaining in a way, but i was quite confused for a lot of the show Lol....
5	Just saw Panda here Monday, what a great show worth every penny. The theatre was really nice perfect size, staff were nice & they were not playing around about not taking photos i luv that, people can be so stupid when it comes to cell phones at musicals & plays. What i had  never encountered was open seating, i guess after a certain time people can sit where ever they want and this created a big problem with the folks bhind us who had 8 ppl & tix in their party but couldnt sit together bcuz people were in 3 of their seats, it was a big mess. Im so glad we didnt miss its run at Palazzo, we were going to go in Sept for my daughters 21st bday but found out its leaving in July. We were under the impression that it was a Cirque de Solei show but it wasnt, it was just as good if not better. It was 90 minutes of crazy acrobats, dancing, juggling, audience participation and story telling.The sets and costumes were beautiful. If you get a chance its a must see.
1	PANDA was the biggest let-down of all shows I have ever seen in Vegas and believe me, I've seen them all...Even though I was conned into the show by 2 for 1 tickets, don't be fooled-there's a reason they're discounting the show. Not only is it just a horrible show from 14th century China...but the amateur circus acts were so bad that they wouldn't even make the cut for the second round of America's Got Talent. I saw people clap at things my daughter did in her 8th grade recital. It's that lame and its completely inexcusable for the Pallazo to even allow this to hit the stage in their forum. I hold them to a bigger standard. Obviously an attempt to bring in the Asian crowd and for that, mission accomplished...But for a show to be closing soon in just a few months-that's what you should be focusing on. I went because I checked out YELP ahead of time...but these reviews are very generous. If you read them close you will see the key words in each one of what I just said clearly. Things like "nothing new" and "features trained monks"...wtf does that mean? It's almost the same as features trained monkeys...because that would explain the amateur hour and it would be special if they were monkeys...oh, and they actually do have Chinese people dressed up as monkeys. I'm giving you a heads-up...save your money! Blow it on gambling-at least you will have the satisfaction of knowing where it went. I pissed mine away on the worst show I ever sat through...and my 15 year old son hated it to. He spent the next 24 hours dissecting the faults to me. Loved that the most-that I let my son down...Grand opening/Grand closing. Let dead dogs lie...
5	I really enjoyed this show A LOT! We sat in the front in section 3. But I think the way the stage is set up- any spot in the theater would be nice. I would highly recommend section 2 (middle) because some scenes are focused towards the center with symmetry. It is a really good show for kids!! Cute pandas and good action! Good vs evil! And I'm sure you can already guess who wins in the end... They throw out some free stuff- so keep a look out for that!
5	My husband and I have pretty much watched all the Vegas cirque du soleil and decided to give this one a try.   This show isn't part of cirque but am independent production.   First off all, it's not one of those mind blowing acrobatic acts like cirque.  But Panda is just cute and fun with a story line.   Simple as that.   Nothing OMG extravagant crazy acts where they do balancing act or swinging up in the air and catching each other from mid air while riding a tiny bicycle.  Panda is where they wear cute panda costumes and dance around while female performers wearing peacock  feathers prance all over the stage.  The background effects are cool and the music was great.   It's like watching a musical+mystere+big fat cute panda bears all in one.   Great to take kids.   It's worth giving Panda a try.   We paid $110/pp and had a wonderful time.   It was just different.
3	Let's begin with addressing that Panda is NOT a Cirque show. Imagine going to Circus Circus and watching one those every 15-to-the-hour shows they have upstairs in the arcade area, however, much more advanced and 90 minutes of it. Yes-the Panda costumes were not the best but every other costume in this show was great. The decor, sound effects, and lighting was phenomenal. The theatre was small, comfy and nice. The performs kept the crowd entertained and some of the stunts have you at the edge of your seat. With the exception of a couple scenes, this show was fun and exciting. Great show for kids! Perhaps this act would do better at a different casino, not Palazzo. Maybe Luxor, Excalibur or Circus Circus would be a better home for them?...Anyone debating on going, should go. People have high expectations of this because of where it's located and have tainted the show but it's actually a cool/ cute act. See it before it's gone!
3	A fun show. Light acrobatics mostly but a few super talented moments. Some of the costuming was quite good but the cluminess of the pandas kind of wore thin eventually. The sets were creative and varied. It was never stiff and slow and the plot was simple enough. But, such extensive costuming and make-up, the show never quite captures that bigger-than life pageantry that would come with a Vegas show, it just never gets that personal. But, harmless, cute and light, not the worst way to spend 90 family oriented minutes.
4	My friend texted me, "Hey, I have free tickets to panda, you down?" My first thought: Why do we need tickets for panda express?I didn't know that there was a new show at Palazzo, but I figured I might as well go.To be honest, I I had very low expectations for this show. All I knew was that it was about people in panda suits doing acrobats.The beginning was very lively. There was a bunch of people in panda suits doing some pretty cool tricks. To my surprise, everyone else was dressed in acrobatic looking clothes. I found the monkeys the most entertaining! The part I liked about the show was that everyone in the family can enjoy it. The kids might not get the storyline, I couldn't follow half the time, but they'll enjoy the tricks.The story was confusing. I just ignored it and enjoyed what the performers were doing. They had some pretty cool graphicsTip: go to the bathroom during a transition because it's a single person bathroom, then you don't have to wait in line.Don't come with real high expectations, just enjoy the show for what it is so you won't be disappointed. I still found it nice to watch, despite the confusing story. Also, don't sit in the top by the projector, it'll block your view.
2	Service and seating at this show is horrendous and out of control. We had tickets for a certain section on the main floor and when we arrived there were no seats in that row. The people sitting in our row told us that the ticketing system went down and that duplicate tickets had been printed, so we had to go see an usher to be seated...WTF! Already not off to a good start! We finally tracked down an usher that put us across the auditorium between a bunch of families.The show itself wasn't any better than the seating process...I can see how this show is made for children because it's so random and scripted that it was hilarious and we probably spent a good 3/4 of the show laughing our butts off. I kind of felt bad for the people that were seated around us! During the show, a bunch of pandas dance around the stage while martial arts and acrobatics are being performed. I'm not sure if there is supposed to be a story to this show...I really couldn't tell and right from the beginning I was confused on what was supposed to be happening. My favorite part though was when the guy was beating the crap out of one of the pandas and whipping him haha. This is definitely a random show and not worth paying any amount of money to see. I would only recommend going if you get free tickets or have some kind of super discounted deal...
4	My husband and I have seen nearly every show in Vegas so we decided to see this on our trip in July. It was good. Definitely a "cute" story line and lots of interaction from/with the audience. I personally did not find the Panda's "tacky" as others have stated, they were just part of the show. Lots of captivating acts and visual effects to keep your attention. Not the best show we've seen but for decent priced tickets a definite see to fill an evening.
5	Pros:- The performers were excellent! The balancing, flips, and dancing were spectacular! Very professional and highly-trained.- The story is very simple and easy to follow along if you have small children.- Pandas doing stunts. Enough said.- I bought the tickets at Tix4Tonight and bought the mid-range ticket. However, everyone at the theatre was moved up because it wasn't a full house. We ended up in the 4th row. If you want to take a chance, buy either the mid- or low-end ticket and hope for an upgrade.Cons:- None. It was awesome!Overall: Fantastic family show that will make your jaw drop at times! Highly recommended!
4	After two days of stress, I decided to see this show as an escape. I only wish that I would have  brought along my little nephews; they would have enjoyed it too!
5	It's more like 4.5 stars. Remembering that this is coming from a mother of three, realize that I'm probably giving it a higher rating than I would have if I were single. The kids (ages 20 mos, 3 yrs, and 5 years) thoroughly enjoyed it. It had a cute story and pretty awesome stage design. I mean, how can you go wrong with a panda theme?!The ushers did not stop people from recording the show. I'm sure you can find a few clips on YouTube before purchasing tickets.
4	Had gotten free tickets to the show with no expectations and honestly was a lot more entertaining then I expected. Really honestly a lot of people have some type of expectation and really I would say come with no expectation and just enjoy the show.  I had seat at row S 29-34 and that was probably the best seats because of one of the props coming down from the ceiling, anybody in front of us had to look up in a uncomfortable position. There was some interaction with the audience which was also a plus. The show is actually quite entertaining for people of all ages, even my grandparents loved all the acts although they didn't understand the story as much though the acts were entertaining.
5	Good for the whole family!
3	If I was 20 yrs younger I definitely would have given this show a solid 5 stars. Alas I am old and people running around in panda costumes no longer amuse me. I did see many children running around and enjoying the show though. The lobby and theater are adorned with cute pandas which allows for photo opportunities. The theater itself is very pretty and roomy which allows for hint: pandas to move about the audience. The story itself is very easy to follow unlike the Cirque ones however the acrobatics are not as good. That aside, the main problem I have is actually with the pandas. I know the whole theme and the show name revolves around pandas, but watching pandas jumping around and doing acrobatics just.. took away from the show for me. I had no problem with the other costumes, monkey king, peacocks, monks etc, just the pandas. Not saying they should take the pandas out or anything but that was just what I thought was odd. Cute show but probably wouldn't pay to see it. Plus it seemed like 99% of the audience got free tix anyways.
2	I really wanted to like this show but it was kind of a letdown.My friends hadn't done a Vegas show before and Absinthe was sold-out so we decided to give this show a roll at $45 (tix4tonight booth) a piece.The theater was nice enough. It was small (in a good way) and the LED displays on the stage are really cool, making for some awesome visual effects. The story wasn't exactly captivating though, and although the martial arts and gymnastics were entertaining at first, it got old quickly.I'd have liked this show more if it was an hour vs. an hour and 1/2. I could cut out 2-3 scenes and it would be much better.If you have kids they'll probably really like this one, but for me it was like seeing Ka again, only without the cool pyrotechnics.
5	Honestly, I had relatively low expectations at first, but I absolutely loved it! The story line was a little hard to follow at times but the show roughly follows the story of a Panda who is trying to get his wife back from some evil characters: during which he gets help and training from a variety of different sources. The acrobatics were amazing, but the story line and the added humor of the show really put the show over the top. I've been to a lot of Cirque shows and other shows in Vegas, but this one kept me engaged and laughing throughout the entire thing. It's great for people of all ages as well.
5	Wonderful. It's was Friday night, we got the VIP tickets. We all enjoyed laughed and had great time!
4	Lots of fun. The story-line is easy to follow and the performers were great. It's comparable to a Cirque show... not as impressive as the really good ones (Zumanity, Mystere), but better than the bad ones (Ka, Believe).
5	A great combination of Chinese culture!Really love it!Feel sorry that it will be gone after December
5	What a specktacular show!We went with my husband and 4year old daughter to a 7pm show. It was perfect! We paid about &$108 Each, but our daughter was free. (anyone under 5is free)It was a delightful mix of a romance story acrobatics , audience participation and great computer animation. Our daughter will forever have high expectations for shows from now on.Recomend it highly!
4	I loved this show ! It was so cute if your in vegas and need a kid friendly show I recommend this show. They interact with the audience and give out stuff so be ready to catch ;D overall great experience the seating was nice my cousins and I enjoy our night. There's also a gift shop right outside the theater with some nice stuff. All the staff was friendly and greeted us with a smile.
5	Love the show! If you are in Vegas this show is a must go.
2	Cute show but too many kids in the audience for me.   Great for families.  Enjoyed the Asian theme and acrobatics.
5	The show was amazing!  My family and I absolutely loved it and would pay to see it again.  It was a complete full house the night we were there.  The cheering and clapping from the audience were non-stop and the standing ovation at the end was just amazing.  We were 9 adults just randomly choosing a show to see while we were in Vegas.  We've seen many of the shows in Vegas.  What a great choice we made. While most of the shows in Vegas are very entertaining, the Panda show was OUTSTANDING !  The performers were very talented and athletic.  The storyline were simple and easy to follow.  The costumes were beautiful, amazing and cute.  And the LED sceneries were out of this world!  I especially loved the scene where the sadden panda rolled down the mountain.  They made it seemed like he was rolling quickly down a thousand feet when in fact he was probably rolling down 15 degrees for about 20 feet. Amazing!  And l also enjoyed very much when the evil guy kept pulling out glass bowls of water from behind his cape.  (There were many of them).  And how did he, the evil guy able to change various colored masks on his face with a split second flick of his hand? I like martial arts, so I watched with amazement the awesome Kung fu techniques and styles.My 85 years old mother have seen many, many acrobatic shows in her lifetime and she said this is one of the best she's ever seen.We saw the show a week ago and we're still talking about it.  Someone told me that after Vegas, the Panda show is going on tour.  If they are coming to the San Francisco Bay Area, we will definitely see it again.  I highly recommend this show to anyone, any age.
5	Great show, it kept going and you wish it would never end! The show kept moving and the story line went with out words, but was smooth with a great ending. I recommend this show for anyone with or with out kids.
5	I went in expecting to be bored by a kids' show. I had a great time, though, and the show was fun, entertaining, and thoroughly adorable.
4	Our friends were interested in seeing this show so we were game and initially I thought it would be something like Disneyland as we were greeted by Pandas in costume and lots of families coming to see the show.  So you know it is good wholesome entertainment for children 4 and above.  Younger children might be scared during some of the scenes in the show.  There is a story to this show and it is all good, good versus bad and the sets were fantastic, beautiful imagery and acrobatics with grace, martial arts and juggling.  Now I recall seeing a man dressed as a monkey juggling balls while he was tap dancing and tap dancing down some stairs!  90 minutes is just about right for children 4 and up as their attention spans might wane after that.  Lots of action, dancing, martial arts, juggling, break dancing, comedy and fun.  Some families brought their 2-3 year old toddlers but they got scared in some scenes and started crying and the families decided to leave so you know your child and how much they can enjoy a 90 minute action packed sometimes dark show.
3	My friends and I got free tickets to the show. We were about 20 minutes late, but were seated promptly by the ushers. When walking into the show, the walls were decorated with tiny pandas and larger pandas - very cute. I remember being slightly confused at what was going on due to being a little late, but after awhile, you ge the gist of it. The graphics were so awesome. It really felt like you were there. The way the actors worked with the graphics was also cool as well. I thought this was a cirque du soleil type show and was disappointed when I saw that there was barely any acrobatic stuff. More kung fu. My friend was actually disappointed because she thought this was a show about the movie Kung Fu Panda haha Anyways, there is no intermission in the show, it goes for about 90 minutes straight. It is also quite chilly in the theater so I suggest you bring a sweater. This show is definitely geared towards children. I am glad I got to see it, but don't plan on seeing it again.
3	"Well, that was interesting." I'm sure that's the same phrase uttered by just about everyone that leaves the Palazzo Theatre after watching Panda.I received some free tickets and had pretty low expectations after reading and hearing feedback from several of my friends. The pandas are cute, but they are hard to take seriously when the rest of the characters are so human. The story is disjointed but most of the acts are entertaining and there's no denying some of the talent many of the performance have in this show. So many types of artists, from dancers and acrobats to martial artists. The digital wall is incredible and one of my favorite parts of the show. I enjoyed the interactive quality to it and how they integrated it into the show.The seating was a clusterf#%*, however. Our assigned seats had already been given to some special guests so they didn't know where to put us and had us wait in a special section until they could figure it out. We were moved several times until the ushers came and got us to put us back in our assigned seats. All was great after that, but no one really seemed to know what was going on. They were very nice about the confusion, so I didn't hold it against them, but it's something they definitely need to work on.When all is said and done, for all its flaws, Panda is still a fun and vibrant show with good intentions that aren't always fully realized.
4	I got free tickets from a friend and we surprising got awesome seats! Right in the middle of everyone. The pandas were really cute and all the stunts they pulled were awesome. I got a lot of the references that was in the show like the Monkey King and the Terracotta Army.I don't know why people are saying they don't understand the story....This show is all visual and there is no talking. Unless you were twiddling your thumbs the whole time then I don't know what to say! TL;DR The Panda is in love with a peacock and she is taken away by a tribe, he goes to different masters to learn kung fu like the Monkey King and the Monks to become stronger and fight the tribe. I would recommend to anyone to watch this. Asian culture rocks.
4	I really wanted to give Panda! 3.5 stars but since we can't do half points I decided to bump it up to 4 stars instead to be nice.  The hubby and I got to see the show this past Thanksgiving weekend inside the Palazzo Theatre in Las Vegas.  We were excited since we haven't seen a Chinese acrobat themed show in many years.We stopped by their little gift shop in front of the show's entrance and purchased a cute panda backpack for the little one.  Our orchestra section seats were decent but surprisingly there were also many empty ones throughout the theatre.  The show's graphics were amazing and costumes were really pretty.I can see why some people would give the show less stars for their lack of understanding the story line's background.  You have to be familiar with Chinese folklore or at least be present when the show starts or else you may be confused as to what's happening.  I myself didn't really care for the storyline (although I did understand it) I was just there for the dancing, fighting, and acrobatics.  The Shaolin monks characters and their acrobatics was the favorite part of the show for both the hubby and I.  They are super talented and had moves that had the audience in awe most of the time they came out.  This show is great for singles, couples, and for families.  It was good, just not great.  There is some audience interaction with the pandas in the show, but we personally we wouldn't book to see the show again.
4	Great show for kids.  My 4 year old son followed the story with great interest and was able to understand the entire show.  He was looking forward to seeing Panda! for weeks, and it met our expectations by creating a family-friendly evening.When he woke up this morning, he immediately commented on last night's show by saying he wanted to help the Panda save the Peacock Princess from the bad guy.  This suggests he had been remembering the show all night.I recommend buying the cheapest tickets you can find, anywhere from free to $50.  I wouldn't splurge for the $100 seats, as this is a show that even the higher balcony seats can enjoy.My favorite act was the juggler.  He juggled and bounced up to 10 ping pong balls without skipping a beat, even while walking up and down stairs -- very impressive!I like how the monkeys get the audience involved by throwing large panda beach balls into the crowd.  And the life-size pandas available to interact with and take pictures with the kids are a great touch.Overall, I recommend coming if you can, but don't spend too much!  You'll need some money for refreshments, as well.  Acrobatic monkeys, Shaolin Monks, graceful peacock princesses, and adorable pandas -- such talented performers and a great show!
4	A friend took me to see Panda! because he had free tickets from family! I'm so glad I actually went too! I wasn't too sure what to expect, but I mean it's adorable pandas right?! It's like a kung fu panda story turned into an acrobatic experience, I don't want to say much more then that. I thoroughly enjoyed the show though and it's pretty difficult to impress me with these shows. The acrobatics were pretty impressive and the story was pretty predictable. I'm not sure if I'd pay to see it or if I'd take family who were visiting, but it's definitely a good show to watch.
4	As you would expect from the title, Panda! is a family-friendly show. Unfortunately, there are no real pandas and my showing was their last under the current contract. But don't lose hope - if all goes well the team will return in March 2015!I had low expectations going into the show (even with our free tickets) and during the opening number I feared that these expectations would be met. There were body-suited pandas running up and down the aisles, jumping up and down on stage and dancing with audience members. I felt like I was on the set of Sesame Street.But very quickly the playful vibe took a turn as the pandas went from jumping on poles to watching one panda balance on spindly little poles 30 feet in the air. What separates Panda! from many other shows is the fact that it's like one big Chinese acrobatics, dance, and cultural show woven into a storyline without any words. Pandas are not the only animal to make an appearance - other dancers are elaborately costumed as snakes, monkeys, vultures, and more. It's a treat to see how Chinese culture perceives each of these animal spirits and represents them using martial arts or dance. Panda! keeps the audience engaged throughout the 90 minute show without taking intermissions by having mini interactive sessions like throwing out candy as the Peacock Princess arrives on her palanquin, bouncing giant panda beach balls into the audience, and even showing off a few magic tricks. I also loved the use of the curtain as a prop: it's designed to look like thick stalks of bamboo and really helped set the stage for different segments of the story. Since there's no words and the athleticism displayed is simply mind-blowing, you don't need to be heavily involved with the story to enjoy the show. I'd recommend this show for everyone, especially those with an interest in Asian culture.
3	It was okay.  It's good if you have kids and children looking for a family friendly show.  This just doesn't compete with the Cirque de Soleil acts and I think it looked ackward for the gymnasts to be doing stunts in panda outfits.
4	An Zhao present "Panda" at The Palazzo! Ticket range for a price of $48-$128.This shows has taken cute pandas and kung fu and mixed them together. Do not get your hope up for seeing a real panda because there are no live pandas in the show. They are skilled performers featuring high-flying acrobatics and martial arts to create a show to WOW children. This story involves a Long Long a heroic panda on the quest to rescue his Peacock Princess from a demon vulture. During this journey Long Long learn different marital arts from different masters. Long Long learn from the Monkey King, Shaolin Monks and Terracotta Army. This is highly recommended if you are in Las Vegas and have children accompanying you. This show is very interactive with the viewers. They have three big bouncing panda ball which goes into the crowd. They are also dragging viewers to dance with the pandas. The backdrop is not just painted walls but a multilayered LED wall. They use the LED wall and create a 3D feeling for the audience. The only downside and the results the show losing a star is the people in red blazers especially the lady in my section. I understand it your job to inform guest not to record during the show but yelling it over other viewers does take away from the overall performance. The worst part is that they decided to climb over other viewers(me) to inform other guest about other recording. Maybe they should inform the viewers before hand during the announcements.
