5	It is a quaint small restaurant with a unique environment.  It is a great date place.  It's authentic New Mexican food and it is a little spicy which I love.  I got a filet minon with lump crab meat and green chili hollendaise.  It was topped with an over easy egg.  Perfection!
4	This local restaurant is a gem. This is located down the street from the Hilton at Squaw Peak and probably the best restaurant in the area that is filled with a lot of chain type restaurants. I had heard about the Rokerij small plates menu from office workers and I thought I would give it a try. My girlfriend and I did not have any reservations, so we went downstairs in their bar area and ate the bar. You can order the Mew Mexican specialities or the Rokerij side of the menu. There was so much to choose from so we decided to eat off of the small plates menu. We chose the 3 small plates for $25. I was thinking the plates were going to be small and that we would not be filled. I appreciated that on the menu they told you how many "pieces" you were going to get of each item. The tenderloin on toast with triple cream brie was delicious. The amount of tenderloin was just right and the cream brie made it taste over the top. The scallops were cooked perfectly as well. Thoroughly enjoyed the taco sampler. Everything is fresh and the service was great. The couple next to us ordered off of the New Mexican cuisine side. The servings were ample and looked very tasty. I have heard the menu for brunch is equally fanstastic, can't wait to go back!
4	Chicken chimayo yum yum!!Huge portions.... Soooo much food.
3	Food was pretty good, however DO NOT bring your kids to this restaurant.  They would do better to just put a sign on the front door telling you that small children are not welcome (I would have appreciated that much more)  No kids menu, and nothing really on the menu that you can work into a kids meal.  no booster seats, not even a straw for the beverage.  All and all, a very unwelcoming experience.  Might try it again when it's just the two of us.
4	Review for Dick's Hideaway:This place is called many things from Rokerij(y), Richardsons, and Dick's Hideaway. We went and grabbed breakfast and it was ok but pretty pricey for what we got. I was not a fan of the filet mignon breakfast or the way they do the beans on the tortillas but it was an ok experience. The next time we decided to try it for an early dinner but then decided to sit at the bar since happy hour is 5$ for appetizers(small plates). This is where the place really shines. The onion rings are the best I have had, The filet mignon skewers were excellent. The bacon wrapped shrimp were good but nothing to write about, but the prime ribsliders were top notch. We left with a small bill after a few drinks and some good food and vowed to go with friends again soon.Go at happy hour and sample some small plates.
2	The food was good but OVERPRICED.  The setup was exactly like the old spot.  I thought the old location forced them into a cramped space but apparently,  they like it that way.  Service was good.  The $12 specialty margaritas DID NOT produce a buzz and I COULD NOT taste the tequila. Yes, I SAID IT, 12 DOLLARS!!  (Pint size with ice)  I guess if i order a $12 drink, I expect to taste some liquor in it and it should probably come in a giant margarita glass, like at Arriba's.  I think that the owners are cheap and trying to lure a snooty crowd that likes to show their friends how to properly waste some perfectly good money!!!  I had been to the old location several times.  Won't find me coming back to the new location though.  You've failed to retain an old customer.  Oh,  and the valet parking is just irritating. I walked out and there's my car, parked 20 feet away, and I gotta wait for the guy to get it for me?  All those blue cones are enough to piss ya off!!  What other place in Phoenix is like this?  I had a hard time finding my way out!!
2	OH, RICHARDSONS!!!  You broke my heart!  After 2 wonderful, memorable "home-run"  experiences in the past, I bring my family to share good times and brag on you...and YOU LET ME DOWN...BADLY!!  Before arriving in Phoenix this weekend,   I learned though that the old Richardsons burned down but another "sister" restaurant "Rokerij" was serving the Richardsons menu.  I thought that's cool!I am sorry to say that this time, it was a MAJOR FUMBLE.  I don't think a restaurant has ever disappointed me like Richardsons or Rokerij (or whatever they call themselves".  I ordered one of their blackboard special entrees of the day:  Sea bass encrusted in pine-nuts.  The waitress told me I could have either mashed potatoe baked in a half of a jalapeno, or I could have plain mash potatoes.  I chose the plain mash potatoes since I cannot eat jalapeno.My husband (who is trying to go vegan) ordered the calamari entree salad.  My son ordered the pastole soup and a BBQ chicken pizza.Past 2 experiences at Richardsons:  we were always served chips and salsa when we sat down.   This time:  no chips and salsa. So, we ordered some.  we didn't get it for 15 to 20 minutes.  (And they charged us.)My son was served his Pastole soup at the same time as the pizza, not ahead of the pizza.  That was odd.  Then when he started eating the pizza, it was not the pizza he ordered.  It was a plain feta cheese pizza, not BBQ chicken.My husband's salad tasted bitter...my husband said he thought the lettuce did not taste fresh.  As for MY entree, it was served about 10 minutes AFTER my family received their food.  AWKWARD!!  My son and husband didn't feel comfortable eating their dinner when I sat there with nothing (except chips).  When my entree finally arrived, it had the wrong potato...the one I didn't order...the one with the jalapeno green pepper...not the plain mashed potato.  Also, the pine-nut encrusted sea bass didn't look like it had any pine-nuts.  I wouldn't have ever guessed that there was a shred of pine nut associated with that fish.  So, I inquired and was told that just because it said it was encrusted with pine nuts doesn't mean that it would be covered with pine-nuts...it was supposed to be a "dusting".  It was clear by this time,. we were having major problems with our dining experience.  I thought, this can't be the same Richardsons I remembered from the past.  The waitress was "busy" and my husband went in search of the manager at the front of the restaurant.  He was in the middle of explaining the problem to the manager when the phone rang...the manager told my husband he had to take the call and my husband was just left standing there.   (Oh, really??  You interrupt a customer standing in front of you telling you about a service issue to take a phone call?)  My husband is a good sport and he waited and then continued to expalin the problem.  Some minutes later, the manager appeared at our table with the plain mashed potatoes.  As he served me the potatoes, he blurted out that "I wasn't really supposed to get a choice of potato in the first place, since I was ordering off the Richardsons menu".  (Recall the waitress gave me the option...I didn't ask for the option.  I didn't know what menu I was ordering off of...how am I supposed to know?) Is the manager actually telling  the customer that she shouldn't have gotten what they offered.  (OH REALLY??)  My husband explained then that the waitress had offered it.  Reply:  "She wasn't supposed to."  (OH, DEAR! WHAT'S A CUSTOMER SUPPOSED TO DO!)  So, in summary:  most of what COULD  have gone wrong at Richardsons DID:1)  Chips and salsa (I guess not offered to patrons complimentary anymore).   We requested them and were charged the $5...alright, I can pay for the chips.  It's just odd they don't offfer this anymore.  AND why did it take 20 minutes to get chips and salsa??2)  My husband's salad did not taste fresh.  Poor guy...he had his hands full trying to voice his concern to the manager about my meal and my son's and his wasn't right either!3)  My son's pizza:  they served him the wrong one.  Shouldn't the waitress be checking the order for accuracy before serving it??4) My son's soup wasn't served before the pizza.  So he has pizza and soup served at the same time.  Maybe the waitress could have asked if he wanted the soup before or with the pizza.  We thought it would come before.  (ASSUME NOTHING AT THIS PLACE!)5)  My mashed potato:  offered an option, served the option I didn't pick, then told by the manager that i shouldn't have had the option in the first place.  (JEESH!) By the way, the table next to us also had terrible service.  We overheard the waitress ask the patrons when they were asking for their check, "Did you ever get the beer you ordered?"  (DOESN'T SHE EVEN KNOW??)  As stated before, I have experienced much better at Richardsons previously.  They should be embarrassed!!!!
4	Great food. Great ambiance. Will be back next time I'm in Phoenix.
4	They are open again!  The green chili soup is delicious and is like playing Russian Roulette.  Sometimes it's super spicy, sometimes its manageable.  Pork Adovada is the standard here.  What I like is that you can also order off of the Rokerij menu and the wine menu is exactly the same which is nice.  They have a great patio which you should take advantage of if you can.  I'm still annoyed that they can't just give you a chile relleno a la carte, you have to get the entire plate.  These are the quirks that you deal with when you come here.   The service is friendly and yes the prices are still a dollar or two, too high, but then again, it looks exactly like the old restaurant, so the same gripes and same good stuff are all there.
3	Not the best experience for at this chain of restaurants. It was our first time back to Richardson's new building and we were there for lunch. It looks just the same on the inside, complete with the horrible step up as you head left after entering the restaurant. C'mon guys, you couldn't have put in a ramp? Two people tripped on that step as we were having our brunch. We were at the first table as you walk in to the left, right next the the fireplace. Unfortunately, I don't think they had the thing set up right because we were blown with ash at one point. We got the eggs benedict jalapeno to share because the plates are usually so large. It was plenty of food, but not stellar. The english muffin was cut so the bottom was so thin that it got soggy and flimsy with the jalapeno hollandaise. The meat was supposed to be pork loin, but we were served a big piece of thin ham. Yes, I understand pork and ham are the same animal, but what we got was not pork loin. It was a much cheaper version. For $15 I was not happy. I was happy we didn't each order a dish and get completely ripped off. The service was not great but I chalked it up to our waitress not having a good day. She came by after we waited nearly 10 minutes to get our drink order and we tried to put in our food order, but she walked away as we trying to say "and then...". She also refilled my coffee without asking if I'd like more (my personal pet peeve). I just hate it when the automatically pour in more coffee when my cup isn't even half empty. I have the sugar/cream proportion perfectly set to my taste and you just threw it off because you swooped in and didn't ask. Grrr. She did this twice. I had food in my mouth the second time and don't like to throw up a hand (I think it's rude). Grrrrrrr. Last oddity was the fact that the charge shows up as "burningembers". I couldn't figure it out for a few minutes before it finally hit me. You know, because they keep burning down their restaurants. Bet their insurance is a doosey.
3	What's the deal with Rokerij and Richardson's?  We thought we were hanging out at Rokerij and it turned out to be Richardson's.  They aren't the same place but they are in the same place?  The valet parking is set up so that it drops you off at Richardson's entrance, see the confusion?As we were sitting there I remember thinking, "I don't know what all the fuss is about."  The oysters were good, the wine was alright, the ambiance was okay - western decor isn't really my thing.  My friend and I sat at the bar and the bartender was sweet but not really attentive.  Hopefully we'll pick door number two next time and end up at the right place.
4	I considered myself a American patriot until Richardson's took their red, white & blue enchiladas off of the menu.Now I don't know what to stand for anymore.
4	I think the 3 1/2 stars for this place is right on the mark.  The new Richardson's will always be compared to the old one, and it doesn't quite hit the mark (yet).  Perhaps it was because we were seated before the customary 2 coctail standing wait at the old place, but the new place didn't have the same vibe. On the plus side, they offer a number of seafood dishes, and know how to properly cook fish.    It was relaxed and the service at the bar was good.  They also have a decent selection of $5 wines for happy hour.  I think once the place is getting more traffic the atmosphere will improve.
4	I've been going to Richardson's since 1995.  Yes, I have.  That was 1.  before the place burned down,  2.  when they had a separate pizza menu with 25 delicious zzas that they served until 1 a.m.   3.  they had a short-glass full of loose cigarettes at the bar that patrons could just help themselves to  4.  when they'd serve free appetizer bites to folks around the bar  5. you could park your OWN car, and enter through the secret door in the back, and 6.  when the staff weren't jerks and appreciated the customer.  That's the part that gets me about this place now.The food....great.  It's unique.  Try finding anything else like it anywhere, except New Mexico. I dare you.  Portions are ridiculous. You pay for it, but you can spend $20 easy for dinner at Red Lobster.  And this is no Red Lobster.The atmosphere...great too.  Music is usually spot on. The place is comfortable. I like the no-windows thing, especially in the summer....it's cave-like.The staff....jackasses.  Look, I know there's a line out the door, but you're still in the hospitality business.  So quit making me feel like i've got some-nerve asking to eat here. Get over yourself.  It's your jobbbbbbbbbb.......I will say this, the cooks are some of the hardest working folks I've ever seen.  They are machines, and work magic in that tiny kitchen...somehow never running into one another. So, bravo cooks, keep it up.So, go.  Just don't expect to feel welcomed.
4	This place has some of the best and spiciest carne adovado! Their signature pasta dish (the first on the menu) Pasta Heidi is delicious as well. If you order the margarita, make sure to get it "skinny", the prickly pear is very good. The outside seating is beautiful.
5	Great food!  Had one of the specials of the day... Pinenut crusted halibut which I had them smother with the green chili sauce...it was amazing!!!
5	Awesome food, atmosphere, and drinks.  We ate in the downstairs bar and loved it.  I had the New Mexican Platter.  You should try it soon.
2	I had lunch here one afternoon when it was surprisingly not crowded. I am giving four stars for an always cozy atmosphere and a nice patio.I had the enchiladas which had a nice kick, especially the pork. But the quality if the food in relation to the price is what gets me. Everything is good but not great enough to warrant the prices. And the service is almost always lacking.This particular time, we seemed to be the victim of our server going on break and their being a breakdown in communication or coordination. In any case, we had to  wait a while before our drinks were refilled and my salad was forgotten. Our server was nice and apologetic so no worries. Not always the case as some servers make it clear that they are way above looking after the likes of us.So overall, not a bad place, the prices, quality and atttiude serve as enough of a deterrent to patronize again in the future.
4	Great food and portions. Parking can be rough, but tolerable. Service is always solid!
3	Dark cozy spot with a great menu and nice selection of cocktails, wines and beer.  Food was solid , with  our group ordering a nice selection of small plates, including scallops, and beef skewers, served with a tasty selection of salsas.   Our server seated us immediately, walked us thru the menu and then disappeared .  Subsequent service was slow, with orders arriving at different times and one not at all.Good if you have time and are in the neighborhood.
5	I'm a long time fan of Richardson's and after finally visiting the new location I am head over heels again! I love that the new place looks just like the old place inside, except a bit bigger it seems. I love the food and the specials are amazing. I recently tried a green chile tilapia that was incredible! I have family in town soon and already know we are going to Richardson's for a meal.
4	This place is awesome! The atmosphere is nice and the new Mexican food is amazing. I'm a big fan of the tenderloin Benedict. Nom.
4	My first experience with Richardson's was actually at the Rokerij.  When I finally got to eat in their newly redone restaurant I became a fan FOR LIFE. My boyfriend and I decided to try to get in last minute on a Saturday night, which in hindsight, was a ridiculous thought. However, on the way out a manager flagged us down and encouraged us to take advantage of their tables in the bar. This actually worked out perfectly and wasn't offered to us by the hostess, but I will most definitely look to sit in that 'hidden' area again.I ordered their signature dish, the Pasta Heidi, and OH MY GOD. Insane. I didn't understand how pasta could be what put them on the map, but SERIOUSLY this was so good. Green chili pasta, grilled chicken, a yummy cream sauce all served on top of a tortilla. I crave this on a regular basis now.Great ambiance with big tables which make me want to host a big dinner their just to utilize the cute space. This place is a must, just think about maybe making reservations ahead of time.
4	As a native of new mexico i appreciate the attempt at authentic cuisine. As with any restaurant, the green chile is going to vary. Sometimes hot, sometimes mild. But, good flavor. They lose a star because the bar tender brought me the wrong beer twice. Then charged me $7 a piece, during happy hour. After a whirlwind of criticism he finally took one off. But, great wine list during happy hour.
1	This place always looks packed at night time, and someone in my party used to love the restaurant's food. Decided to go for a late lunch, & received mediocre service in an obviously slow time for the servers- we were one of maybe three parties in the whole restaurant. Our food came out after what seemed like a long wait for the amount of business they had at the time, & appeared to have been sitting under a hot lamp for longer than it should have.. The beans & rice were bone dry & crispy. The enchilada sauce was half dried up, with it's accompanying enchiladas stuck to the plate. Overall, the food was terrible, especially for the price! I've had really great tex mex before, and Richardson's flopped in comparison. And with barely there service, I would not recommend this restaurant for tex mex. You can definitely do MUCH better.
4	Have you heard of New Mexican food? Let's be clear, I'm not talking about Mexican (at least that's what the locals in the area want you to believe)... my take? Mexican, New Mexican, who cares? IT'S SO GOOD!Margaritas are strong and tasty. Portions are large and delicious. If you get a combo you're in for a mix of meat/poultry/fish (your choice), beans, rice, cheese, diced tomatoes... the works. The cheese brings it all together and presto - you've got yourself one hell of a New Mexican meal =)Three salsas served to start, one has a great kick. I can't promise you'll be able to really distinguish between Mexican and New Mexican, but I can promise you'll enjoy your meal.
4	This place is awesome. Large menu with alot of variety, strong drinks and an interesting atmosphere. I usually prefer to sit downstairs next to the fireplace and have a few cocktails before checking out the menu. The service is eh, dont expect much on that angle but the food is great and the atmosphere is a close second.
3	I would like to try Richardson's again. I went on a date here and we were going to order a couple things off the menu, but the manager said, "Let me take care of you- you're going to love this". We looked at each other (date and I) and were like, "Ok, I guess".The manager sent out a garlic plate. It wasn't the worst thing for a date, since roasted garlic isn't stinky, but it was a cheesy heavy gross mess for me. I'm not into that kind of food at all and would have much preferred to choose something different. It was huge as well, we couldn't even finish it and didn't have any room to try any entrees on the menu. So, well, next time I know better and will stick to my own palate preferences rather than be persuaded by  a stranger that thinks first date food should be the size and style of a fancy superbowl platter. The dish wasn't gross, but it was incredibly heavy for 2 people. i might order that as an app if I was with a party of 4 or larger.Overall, the place is beautiful and it's a great date spot. Call ahead and make a reservation though. I hope one day I can go again and try something that I like better.
5	Adore this place, seriously fabulous times spent here. A+ - Ambience. Dimly lit, Architecturally comfortable, Open yet intimate seatingA+ - Crowd. Meet great people here; professional, classy, intriguing A+ - Service. They'll seat you where you prefer and will never leave your glass empty (; A+ - Menu. Amazing food. Simple yet different and delicious. Fun to try something new, they always serve fab specials. Extensive wine list, Happy Hour has 1/2 half bottles!! Go here when you're in Phx, Az
3	I have frequented Rokerij for sometime, but this was my first time dining at Richardson's. DEFINITELY make a reservation (which we did) or you will be waiting a LONG time for a table. The atmosphere is lovely, though a bit cramped. I think it would be nice to sit outside near the fire in the cooler months. The food was good - not outstanding, but good. The seafood was fresh. Don't plan on dessert unless you like flan, since that is the only dessert on the menu. The wine and cocktails were pretty good as well. What was awful was the service. Our waitress acted like serving our table was an inconvenience. And it wasn't just her - at one point, before we paid our bill and while we were still talking, someone came over to our table, took our wine glasses and our placemats. We all stopped talking and looked at him. It was obvious they wanted us to leave so they could turn the table. I'll stick with Rokerij from now on!
4	Such a cool space! The outdoor patio is absolutely beautiful & would be the perfect spot for a group dinner. We sat inside for lunch & started with chips and guac. For my entree I ordered the special of the day, the blackened mahi spinach salad. Huge portion - essentially there was an entire piece of fish on top of a bed of spinach. Definitely couldn't eat the entire thing.Their happy hour deals look amazing - I'm sure I'll be back!
4	Oh Richardson's...you never cease to impress  me. I was there tonight for my mother's birthday with my brother, sister in law, niece & nephew & surprisingly enough, it was pretty dead. This was the first time I've been to the new location (hadn't been to the previous location in at least a year) and even though some lady came in & said "OH it's so different but so similar"..(doesn't make a whole lot of sense)...it looks pretty much identical to the previous location...cozy seating & all..pretty sure there's extra seating on the side as well. The hostess was nice & sat us as soon as our full party was there. We started off with the chips & guac which was pretty fantastic (spicy as well but I love a good kick to my food) & the pinot noir which is fabulous...best pinot I've had in a while. We then proceed to split the blackened salmon with pineapple salsa (my mother & I) with the mixed veggies & potato stuffed green chile & two side salads....two side salads were definitely not required...they're huge as are the portions typically served at Richardson's. It was delicious.I'm not sure where previous Yelpers have noted they only have one dessert as we had not only the flan but the sopapillas as well which were prepared perfectly...not too doughy, not too tough. Absolutely great end to the meal. Overall, great experience. The server was extremely patient with us as we requested things frequently & was laid back while being attentive at the same time. If ya haven't been, go. It's a great atmosphere for a date & I can't wait to go back once the weather's cooled off to enjoy the patio.
5	This place is the most amazing ambience and food I have had in a long time! I loved it! They have Rye!!! As in Whiskey! Very cool vibe and the food was so good. I even tried to come home and copy their Roasted Green Chili Baked potato... I didn't do it justice, so I will need to go back and have it again. The place is small, and the parking non-existent, but they have complimentary valet and that helps. Get there early or make sure to make reservations. LOVED THIS PLACE! Loved everything about it!
5	Great food, decent prices... the pizza here is really good. A very relaxed, quiet, romantic scene to take a date.
4	Great owner and staff. Waiter was wonderful took the time to explain 'the numerous' specials. He knocked it out of the  park and recommended the Carne Adovada (one of their classics). Smoked pork simmered in green chile.  It was delicious, the best Mexican I have had in a very long time. Oh, and they have great drinks too. I will be back!
5	OMG great service, great lighting/atmosphere, and great food. I can't wait for it to cool off so we can also hang out on the gorgeous patio between Richardson's and their subsidiary restaurant Rokerij.
5	My boyfrined and I went here on Monday night and loved it! He had a pizza and I had a wonderful chicken dish (the name escapes me right now) stuffed with spinach and a wonderful roasted onion sauce, it also came with amazing mashed sweet poatoes and veggies. I have a gluten allergy and our server Nick was very helpful in finding out what I could and couldn't eat. He was super nice and patient with us-we kept having to ask for more time to order because everything looked so good haha! This resturant is very romantic, the service is good and I would definitely go back!
1	Went to dinner tonight at Richardsons. I felt nickled and dimed from the moment I arrived. Forced valet or park a block away. We requested bread with our spicy soup and were brought 2 tortillas that we were charged $2 bucks for. And the food although different wasn't worth $75 dollars for 2 people with no alcohol. I have no problem spending $300 for an amazing dinner but this food and restaurant was not worth the cost. Skip it and go to Abuleos. Just as good or better and a much better value.
1	I just want to preface this by saying I LOVE to go out to eat.  And I am not picky and NOT hard to please.  But last night's dinner was one of the top 3 worst dinning experiences of my life.I don't think the night could of possibly gone worse.  We walked in and were completely ignored.  Servers acted like we were in the way (there was no where to go - didnt they just remodel?  Couldnt they fix that?). And the restaurant was practically empty.  Finally someone came up to us and asked to help us.  I told them we had a reservation and they started to walk us to a table.  The aisle is only one person wide and he walked us to a table full of people.  He said "oops, that was wrong, I guess we are going over there..." so we all had to turn around and shimmy down the aisle to the OTHER side of the restaurant.  We were sat in a booth for a few moments when we were approached by an employee who told us we couldnt sit there and the person who sat us "was just a busser."  Um, WTF?  So we are moved to a 1/2 booth/table.  Finally sat, a server immediately approaches us and asked if we would like something to drink or an appetizer.  Um, just sat down, super annoyed, can i get a minute to recover please?  And this server then proceeded to suck my will to live the rest of the night.  More on that later, though.It is ridiculously dark in the restaurant.  Like, cannot see jack dark.  And the pillows in the booths kind of gross me out...like sleeping in a stranger's bed with dirty sheets.  And bottom line, the food isnt good enough to put up with price and the hassle of valet parking.  My mother in laws steak was well done when she ordered it medium.  My "stuffed" pork chop didnt appear to have anything in it.  But again, it was so dark I could of been eating a bear for all I know.Back to the server.  She would take our order, not write it down and come back FIVE MINUTES LATER and double check with us what we ordered.  And her guess was wrong!  She did it with the drink order AND the food order.  So I guess it makes sense the steak was incorrectly cooked...End of drinner, we just want to get the hell out...server takes the bill and credit card, brings it back with no receipt to sign.  And of course never comes back.  We had to hunt someone down and he brought us back the recipt to sign.  Sigh.At the very end of the night, we then get stuck waiting in a line for the valet.  Some lady butted in front at the line.  Unfortunately for her, she got the brunt of my frustrations.  Poor gal was probably just as scarred by her shitty dinning experience.
3	We finally visited the new restaurant 3 1/2 years after the Richardson's fire. It is quite amazing how similar the new Richardson's looks and feels like the former landmark restaurant. Their service is great. We ordered a pizza and salad. I should have known better to order a pizza from a New Mexico style restaurant... roasted tomato sauce with New Mexico sausage and mozzarella. It brought back memories of conversations with my Papa debating whether Prego or Ragu was the better canned tomato sauce.
4	Always a huge fan of Richardsons/Dick's Hideaway. I went with the green chile meatloaf with eggs, $12. Very well done meatloaf with just the right amount of heat, awesome with over easy eggs! I also put back a few bloody Mary's with a beer back, nice touch! Overall, a great meal.
3	My husband, having lived in Phoenix for 40 years, has been a huge Richardson's fan. After the fire, we were both waiting for news of its reopening.  While driving  south on 16th street, I darn near gave myself whiplash when I saw a lovely building that said "Richardson's".  I texted my husband and 3 hours later, we walked in for dinner. The place was packed,and I had no idea what "Rokery" was.....Richardson's sister restaurant next door. This is where it gets confusing. While we were checking out the drop-dead gorgeous candlelit entry-patio, we were led to a table at Rokery .....not understanding why, not understanding the two-sided menu, etc. On the plus side, the booths are huge,  but I am not a fan of the open-kitchen concept because of the noise. Our booth was 8 feet from the bar and kitchen and conversing was impossible, and we there for a special occasion. It turns out that they serve both menus in either restaurant, with Rokery having an impressive fish-steak menu - which we will definitely return for. The daily specials - posted on a blackboard/wall was a small novel of offerings. We started with the Pomagranet margarita, which was very weak on the tequila. We ordered two of the Mexican entrees, which were very authentic and spicy. The only problem with my husband's plate was that it had been placed under a broiler and  the red chili sauce  had coagulated into a blackened, burnt- tasting flavor. Surprisingly, he didn't finish half of it......very unusual. My selection of the Mexican Platter was excellent, but could be delivered to the table at a temperature that is less than molten lava. It must have taken 15 minutes before it cooled enough to eat it. At any rate, the new location is beautiful, although when they welcome you, they need to tour and explain the two neighboring restaurants and the fact that you can order from both sides of the menu. I would love to give them the additional  stars the next time we visit.
4	Great, as usual!
4	To add to what many other Yelpers said: you really can't tell what is Richardson's and what is Rokerij; the free valet is very convenient, especially considering there is basically no lot; it is extremely dark inside, so don't plan on enjoying the appearance of your food; and MAKE A RESERVATION if you want to eat in Richardson's.That being said, we had very good service - not super attentive, but I much prefer when servers don't spend a lot of time hovering.  All our meals were correct and everything was prompt but not rushed.  We went on a Tuesday, which happens to be half price bottles of wine night, so that was a great surprise.I ordered the Posole to start.  It was VERY spicy but delicious.  We also had the chips and guacomole, with the 3 different salsas, and that was wonderful to start.My husband ordered the enchilada platter and his father ordered the New Mexico platter.  They both loved their food, although it was alsy very spicy (the particular green chiles in their sauce were very spicy at least).  My mother-in-law had the skewers and it was fine.I had the Pasta Heidi: green chili pasta with chicken and a chipotle cream sauce.  I literally could have died right then and been satisfied.  It was SO.  GOOD.  We literally can't wait to go back just so we can have the Pasta Heidi again.  My mouth is watering.  YUM.  I would also recommend checking out the basement bar, just to have a drink.  Have your server or a hostess show you how to get down there.  It's pretty cool, and a nice place to spend some time while you wait for your table.
3	This place kind of disappointed me. Whatta bummer.First of all, it's 2 places in one. Did not know that. From reviews I read before going, I was lucky enough to grab a parking spot out front because they're tiny little parking lot is usually valet. I hate valet!Anyway, the cobblestone, hanging plant walk-way was pretty cute. Oh and the firepit seating and couches look like they'd be really cozy and intimate for an evening cocktail. So they've def got that going from them. Although when I was walking through the entrance no one greeted me. There were two guys who looked like they worked there just standing around. Come on, man.The host thre me off too. He wasn't in a uniform or anything that identified him as the host, so I was a little taken back. But when we were seated, I loved the adobe like seating arrangements and the lighting in the place made me feel like I was in a 1950s New Mexico saloon having a whiskey at 2 o'clock in the afternoon with a surly old bartender... that's a good feeling.Wasn't impressed that the waiter didn't bring us chips and salsa until 30 seconds before our meal arrived but they were tasty. I orded the Taos Club because I love avocados. It turned out to be more of  wrap cut into 3s and not wrapped tight enough because it was disaster to eat and nothing stayed inside. The accompanying salad would have been way better had it b=not been slathered in ranch. I had such high hopes for this place, but I honestly can't say that I'd go back. Wah Wahhh.
2	The ambiance and location saves this place from zero stars.Food wasn't good at all, specially for the price. Guac was boring and chunky with unexpected (and unpleasant) textures.The chips were oily although the salsas were good.I had the angel hair chilly pasta with shrimp. The shrimp were good but the pasta was packed with alfredo sauce and no hint of spiciness at all.I tried my friend's lamb rack and it was boring and flavorless. Besides the great company and great place ambiance wise, the food doesn't worth the visit.I'll give this place a try someday soon with hopes that it was just a bad day because the setting and ambiance are really nice. Public service: servings are humongous, so don't over order.
1	We have been going to Richardson's for years, even before the fire. We were looking forward to the reopening. Have been there several times since but last night's experience was horrible. Service was poor, wouldn't re-cork wine we bought, food marginal, seemed to be understaffed. Manager said they went through a "major house cleaning a month ago and new staff are not all trained."  So we wasted $80 for 2 people to train their staff?  Manager offered apology and suggested we come back in a couple of months.  FAT CHANCE!!
5	THIS IS THE BEST PLACE FOR BREAKFAST!  We had been going to dicks for awhile now and one day we walked in and they said that it was full that morning,  and the waitress told us that Richardson's was up the road.  We never knew this was there.  We usually order the french toast which is AMAZING both Dicks and Richardson's serve the same breakfast.  Service is great and the coffee is even better!
3	Went to Richardson's for the first time the other day after hearing about the place for a long time.  I thought the food was good but not great.  The atmosphere as nice but a bit dark for my tastes (to each his own).  Overall I guess I was expecting a bit more than this place delivered.I had the enchilada plate and as i said it was good but did not stand out compared to other new Mexican enchiladas.  I liked the salsa a lot but the chips were pretty oily. I would go again if someone I know wants to go there - but it it is not high up on my list for a repeat visit - -  overall, the food did not overwhelm me and for Mexican/New Mexican the price was a bit high.Not a hater of of the place but not a lover either.
3	The atmosphere in this establishment is amazing. Love the cozy, romantic, dark feeling of the restaurant and the patio. Our plan on this chilly night was to sit on the patio and order from either Richardsons or Rokery, as we had several months prior. Apparently that is no longer an option, so we decided to go to Richardsons. When we entered, we inquired about happy hour, which is only at the bar, so we chose to sit at a booth, instead, and skip happy hour. We ordered a round of margaritas and our entrees. The food was good, but, for some reason, was not kind to my stomach later. The service was so-so. I agree the waitstaff acts like they are way too busy to be bothered with doing their job. Our waitress was standoff-ish and absent. We had to ask one of the other workers for drinks and extras, like napkins, etc. The place was not busy, so I am not sure what happened to our server. We may return for a romantic cocktail or to bring guests for a drink, but that will be the extent of our return.
2	I think after tonight, this will be the last time I go to Richardson's. My husband likes the place, but I find it overpriced for the quality of food. However, I thought it would be nice to take him there tonight for his birthday. First, you can't make a reservation unless you have a party of four and as I discovered, there are no tables for two people. So when we got to the restaurant, there were no tables available and the bar was full, so we were offered a side bar area or outside sitting at a coffee table type area. Less than stellar choices for a birthday dinner. Finally, we got a couple seats at the bar. I ordered the Grouper with caper lemon butter sauce. Imagine my surprise when I received my dish and there were no capers. Everytime that I have had a caper sauce it has had capers in it. When I asked about it, they looked at me like I was crazy. Plus, all the sauce was absorbed by the tortilla on the plate. So I basically I paid $27 bucks for a dry Grouper with asparagus. My husband kind of liked his dish, but he was not overwhelmed. Yeah, the last time we will go there.
4	I took some friends to Richardson's from out of town and they were very happy. Delicious as usual. Great service and atmosphere. Will return soon!
4	Great food.  The red and green chillie sauces had a good amount of "heat".  Will definitely go back my next trip to Phoenix
4	Richardson's has been ressurected next door to its sister restaurant and I couldnt be happier.  Richardson's serves southwestern dishes in a cozy atmosphere with incredible mood and ambiance.  There have been misconceptions from others who think that this is straight up mexican food; it is not, this is southwestern food without the texmex spice (although I am a big fan of spicy food).  Richardson's is about the flavors and smells of the desert we live in and for that I love them.Pick anything on the menu and you will be happy.  If you need a recommendation, most of the waitstaff can tell you what is popular or share with you their personal favorite dish.Like the Rokerje, do not go to Richardson's expecting a quick in and out meal.  This is an experience, this is a place to take friends or significant others to converse and share a few laughs while enjoying some great food.  If you want to get a quick bite there are plenty of other places for that, this is a place for socializing.
5	I have loved this place for many years.  At my son's suggestion we would stop at their old location on the way to the airport when we would visit Phoenix. Great atmosphere, private adobe booths and best of all great food.  Everything we tried was good good good.  Fast forward 10 years or so and we are Sunbirds here in AZ for the winter.  The old Richardsons burned down several years ago - major bummer - but the phoenix has arisen in a newly built Richardson's.  It is every bit as good.  It has the same wonderful cozy, intimate feel with the very private booths and a luxurious bar that is always filled with happy, satisfied customers.  On a recent visit I had the Chilean Sea Bass which was buttery, flaky and done to a tee.  It was served with an assortment of sauteed vegetables incluing green beans, baby carrotts, squash and mushrooms.  Also their special green chile potato was a welcome sight.  Two Rob Roys with some wonderful, totally different kind of maraschino's,rounded out the delightful experience, not to mention my charming dining companion.   Oh I will be back Richardson's of New Mexico!  Thanks again!
5	One of our favorite places!!!  Love the cozy atmosphere & how they replicated the old place to a T!  We love to take friends there because we know with out a doubt they will Love it!  There is something for everybody, seafood to mexican, to pizza(which is wonderful)  they have a wonderful happy hour if you are lucky enough to get a seat around the bar :)  And don't miss the chance to have the roasted garlic platter, it is to die for!  (just make sure everyone with you eats it too ;)  Easy to make a reservation on yelp so what are you waiting for?  Go NOW!
4	Let me get the negative out first, the lighting!  It makes me almost sick and takes a while to get used to, really dark purple colored lights, yuk!The food is really good (try the garlic plate if your not on a 1st date).  Prices are a little high but not out of touch.  Would be a great place for a date.Make reservations, it gets busy, hence service can be less than spectacular.
4	Love the reverse happy hour...5 stars there  Yet, my first time for dinner trying to show a little bit of phoenix to an out of town guest was a disappointment. We walked in and no one greeted us, then we waiting 10 minutes and some seconds for a server. This is after 2 people came to the table to say our server would be with us soon. Drinks, chips and dip, even water would have been nice as we waited. THEN....we waited again after we got drinks to order our dinner.  But WOW, the food was great. Yes I'd go back. The food rocked!
4	After hearing about this place for years, I finally decided to give it a try. My husband and I came here for Sunday brunch. We were seated promptly and served chips and salsa right away. I ordered a $5 bellini which was on special and decided on the tenderloin hash special and my husband ordered the crab cake benedict. My tenderloin hash was cooked to my specifications along with a nice runny fried egg on top with beans on the side. My bellini was a generous pour as well. My husbands benedict was amazing and full of flavor with a rich hollondaise and really good crab cakes , I was jealous I didn't order it. The portion sizes were huge, we probably could've shared one dish. Prices were a little on the higher side, but the quality and amount of food made up for it.
2	Food is alright. Service is garbage. You would expect a lot more from a place with the kind of prices they have. If anything, the food is what gave it the 2 stars...
5	I issued a challenge to my ex-pro baseball player buddy: Find me the best spot in the area for Southwestern cuisine. NOT Tex-Mex, but true Southwestern. Oh, and it needs to be a "spot I've not tried". He knows I camp out at The Mission and absolutely love the food, so getting close was a challenge. Richardson's Cusine of New Mexico is a unique dining spot with an "Old Phoenix" ambiance. It helps that it's also located in "Old Phoenix" and is dark and cozy. I had a special called the Taos Trio or combo. It consisted of Carne Adovado, Bacon wrapped Shrimp and home made spicy sausage with green chili potatoes. Incredible food! Several people ordered the Chilean seabass which I tried and this was also wonderful.Service was excellent and we really enjoyed dining for 4. Apparently, this place takes no reservations, but uses a call-ahead approach up to about 6:45. We were in Paradise Valley and gave the 10 minute warning and they greeted us as we came in.Excellent food and really nice people!
5	This was a great place for dinner. Plenty of choices on the menu, from salads to pizzas to pastas to classic Mexican-style plates. I went with something called Chimayo chicken, which had sun-dried tomatoes, poblano, spinach, and asiago, along with some delicious veggies on the side, and a green chile potato, which was awesome.There were quite a few things on the menu that looked good, so I'm sure I'll be back.Oh, and I almost forgot - I ordered the sopapillas for dessert - best sopapillas I've ever had. Cooked perfectly, just the right amount of crispiness, drizzled with sweet honey. This would be enough of a reason to come back.
4	Brunch today with hubby and best friends--good food, glad I don't have to fly to ABQ just to get adovada,
2	As a long time (15+ years) patron, it's hard to write this. I'm not sure what's happened, but Richardson's is not what it used to be. After several not-great-not-terrible dinners, this last one was unfortunately worthy of review. From a server who pushed us 3x in the first 10 minutes to order when we'd already ordered appetizers and were enjoying wine and conversation, to tilapia swimming in a soupy, tasteless "sauce", to salads that arrived AFTER the main course, to an unopened bottle of wine left at the table with a broken cork, this was a sad and disappointing experience. The server eventually apologized for the wine, but not before pushing the broken, crumbly cork into the wine, capping it with the cork from the first bottle and offering it to us to take home. Almost $300 for a party of 4 to have this kind of experience? Unfortunately, we probably won't return unless we hear from many, many people that things have improved. Sniff.
4	Finally made it into this great restaurant after hearing good things about it. The food was all good for all four in our party but the prices seamed too high and the service was a little inattentive. I plan to give it another try. I'll also dress a little nicer to blend with all the clientele that frequent the establishment.
4	I've had nothing but great food from this place but they just can't seem to get orders right.  Yesterday I ordered a chicken, pork and beef enchilada.  I received all chicken enchiladas and my server said they can't seem to get these orders correct.  I sent the order back and they boxed me up what was supposed to be my original order but when I got home I checked and of course it was all chicken again.  In the trash it goes.  #irritated
5	This is my brothers favorite restaurant in Phoenix and he and his GF took me and my husband here for Easter Brunch when we were visiting.Who knew the food scene in Phoenix was so hip and classy? They have really great food and the decor is super. Punched copper bar, adobe like ambiance, with a fire pit and outdoor seating that looks really cozy. New Mexican cuisine is one of my favorites so it already had me at hello.The menu is really classic mexican-ish with a tweek of gourmet. Such as Huevos Rancheros with Crab or what have you.We had blood orange juice, yum-, a Garlic Plate app. Was out of this world with roasted elephant garlic bulbs and several kind of cheeses melted over red and green fire roasted chile salsa and onions and little crustinis to use like a bruchetta I am guessing, which was clever.My Chile Relleno was really great, everything cooked perfect. Hubby got chile verde and eggs (forgive me I dont know the exact name of the dishes) he loved it.My brother and his girlfried said they havent had anything they didnt love.Its one of those places that makes you wanna stay a while...you can tell the owner really takes pride.I hope you go check this out when visiting Phoenix because its really worth the trip!
4	I was suggested this place by a friend who recently had a date there. I made reservations for a Friday night and was very excited since she highly recommended it. I was happy to find that there was valet service considering parking was limited. We were not sat right away but I wasn't too worried about it. Our service was great. The server was not overwhelming and very informative. I am a steak guru and decided to order the surf and turf dish with steak. I ordered it rare and it was prepared perfectly. I was AMAZED on the quality of beef that was used. I'm very apprehensive to places that serve steak considering its basic USDA choice, not prime. However, I was pleasantly surprised and pleased. I love this place and have no been back, but plan to go back soon!I also REALLY liked the wood burning smell in the restaurant. Was definitely a welcoming smell.
4	Portions were huge!  We ate it all though.  That must have meant the food was tasty.  My wife and I shared one dish, The New Mexican Platter.  We also enjoyed the prickly pear margarita.
3	I don't know.....  I got the New Mexico plate which consists of a chicken enchilada, chile relleno and pork tamale plate and it tastes just like Mexican food to me.  My husband got the meatloaf with green chili sauce and two eggs.  He said it was really good.  So I'm kinda torn of where I stand on the review so I'm in the middle.
2	Unfortunately, the drastically mixed reviews are are accurate- although unless the really good ones are purely nostalgic, I'm not sure where they are coming from.  I hadn't been t Richardson's since they'd rebuilt...remember when this spot was Timothy's??  Now, that...I miss!Anyhow, our dinner for 8 went from bad- a bartender who had very good wine knowledge but then just poured my drink into a new glass after I discovered a crack in it and gave us serious attitude when questioned about the need to remake the drink....to worse- spoiled seafood with major ammonia smell.2 stars- one for the Manager who when we finally complained took care of us properly and one for the cozy patio.  Just not sure if I can bring myself to give them another try... Sad.
4	So me and a lady friend stopped here for a night out a month back. We arrived, there seemed to be no self parking or maybe I'm just not aware of it. Because it was just valet at the front. So i of course had to valet it. Which to me is odd. I'm not a huge fan of a valet service. I'm a big boy, I'll park my own fucking vehicle, FOR FREE. But whatev's. I tried to bypass that. We entered and found a both near the bar. The food is a mix/hybrid/fusion of mexican-new mexican food. I forgot what I had at the time. But I remember it being REALLY REALLY good. We also shared a great bottle of red wine that our server recommended to us. The service was awesome, the food was amazing. A bit pricy, but like i've said before. You get what you pay for. Definitely a place to check out, a wonderful date environment.
5	Happy hour is amazing the chicken salad and flatbread top notch
4	We went there last Sun for brunch. I'm impressed with the atmosphere most.Love their unique fun kind of foods. I didn't remember what we ordered but there were shrimp sandwich, grilled spicy pork, and crab omelet.It won't take long to get the food here and they all are delicious!Worth stopping by :)
5	Breakfast Nirvana.One of the best places for New Mexican style breakfasts. If you like pork with your eggs this is the place. Carne Adovada Benedict a real treat. Great interior and friendly knowledgable staff.
4	I liked it, but got my sodium intake for a month
5	We returned here to celebrate my father in laws birthday. Service was great, we were there about 3 pm. Food was excellent. Carne Adovada was superb. Others had the Halibut and meatloaf and that was great also. We had a party of 8 and had a booth, room was adequate. Not a place for large parties unless you sit outside in the misters...
4	Great food, beautiful atmosphere.  Must have the sopapillas, they are the best in the area.  Worth the drive from other parts of the valley.
4	Hotel California dining.  This restaurant is a unique gem with great food.
3	Went to Richardson's with 2 other couples to specifically get authentic New Mexico Mexican cuisine. Since one couple are natives of Santa Fe we knew what we were after. Hatch green chili and chimayo red chili sauce. The food delivered, highly recommend the Carne Adovada which was amazing.  If the service would have been good I easily would have rated the restaurant a 4 or 5. Slow service and the waitress acted like we were a major inconvenience. We arrived at 9pm which for us is not an untypical dining hour so I'm not giving them a pass based on the time. We get great service at many other local places at this time.
5	Richardson's has the most amazing food.  I LOVE the Carne Adovado.  So tender and amazing you will not be disappointed if you order it.  In fact, everything I have had here is absolutely wonderful.  I will be back again and again!
5	My son and his fiance brought us and a friend here Saturday night for dinner. We had a reservation but arrived an hour early to sit at the bar for a drink. The hostess was pleasant (with beautiful light lilac colored hair) and said she could get us a table early, which she did within 20 minutes. Our server was prompt, knowledgeable and very helpful. I am a vegetarian so I read menus whenever possible before my first visit to a restaurant. I knew going into this place that there wasn't a selection for vegetarians, but I held out hope that the there were sides not listed on the menu that I could have them put together for me, which they did. We ordered appetizers - the roasted garlic plate was delicious! I didn't try the other appetizer plate that was primarily dead stuff, but everyone else said it was wonderful. For dinner I tasted one of their potato stuffed chilies and that was very tasty; I also had sauteed vegetables, rice and beans. I presume the rice was cooked on broth, but I didn't ask. The beans were really good, but very salty. Most restaurants salt the heck out of their beans, though, so I won't deduct for that. I turned my plate of food into 3 meals! Everyone else at the table loved their entrees. They said their meat/seafood was cooked perfectly with the right amount of sauce/seasoning. I must commend our server again, he was a young guy who couldn't have been more accommodating. I read reviews where service was the biggest issue for other customers. Fortunately, that was not our experience. We will definitely eat here again. Pros:UniqueAmbiance - great place to bring a dateServiceAccommodating Food was fresh, hot, good flavorValet parkingCharming/cozy patio seatingIntimate indoor settingWine selectionCons:Very little vegetarian faire Valet parking the only parking optionA little on the pricey side
3	My friend invited me for lunch with friends since I know my New Mexican food and amazingly, I haven't been here yet after a decade in the valley.I judge every New Mexican restaurant by their carne adovada, the signature dish of northern New Mexico besides the green chile cheeseburger and sopapilla.Sitting outsude is a choice to be weighted heavily given the weather.Nice for evenings but not for lunch in the summer unless you're under the misters.You might THINK you'll be OK in the shade...We ate outside on the patio for Sunday lunch.Anyway service was nice but somewhat inefficient.The beertaps were 10 feet away but our server went inside, I guess to add the order as well as have it filled. It took a while to bring back the incorrect beer.Anchor Steam and Lagunitas IPA are the saving graces for beer. Anchor Steam was served at first in a Hoegaarten 330ml glass. This is UNDER 12 ounces for $5.75. UNACCEPTABLE.Don't accept the "premium beer" line, get a big boy glass.My next one I asked for a big boy glass.I tried my friend's bloody mary and it tasted totally righteous - this isn't a mellow V-8 tomato soup pillow! Garnishes vary, you might get a mushroom, you might get a celery stick...Our appetizer was served without silverware or napkins.Asked for silverware from manager.My main was carne adovada with eggs.The plate had an excellent eye appeal and was served extremely hot. You'll need to be prepared for this as all hot plates are served ON A HOT METAL PLATE. BEWARE. You're warned by me as well as the server.So how was the carne adovada?Not technically accurate or traditional.The meat was smoked (they have a smoker and a woodpile out back), and this is not usually done in New Mexico - the pork is usually marinated overnight before being slow cooked for several hours and the fat rendered out.Here at Richardson's not all the fat was rendered out and this made for some sort of funk in one bite, and the smoke flavor was to the point of ashtray on another few bites.Mean and in between though was a nice smoky style to the carne adovada but it seemed overpowering.  Good CA has a depth of flavor in the red chile sauce with the other ingredients. It also came with beans and the flavor was great and out of the ordinary.The potatoes were plain and so were the scrambled eggs (eggs are made to order, you don't HAVE to get scrambled.)I guess we have to sit inside for decent and accurate service, but I'll give another dish a chance.
4	This restaurant was recommended to us by the concierge at the hotel we were staying at. Overall, I'd say the food was excellent, and I particularly liked the different salsas and other sauces they had. I put away a plate of tamales like there was no tomorrow! They made an off-menu burrito for dinner for one of us, and a very nice quesadilla for one of my children. All the dishes had a nice smoky, somewhat spicy taste, although I think they overdid it warning us about how spicy this were. Maybe they should come up with a scale to measure spicyness, like most other restaurants do. Anyway, I liked the dark, cave-like interior and cozy booth seating - very nicely designed, and made for a nice atmosphere for dinner. Alas, the service was slow and indifferent, and I had the same gripe about tiny beers that are so expensive. We ordered a second round, which came in clearly much larger glasses, which made it feel even more like we were cheated on the first round. Also, the sodas my kids ordered were from syrup, and not mixed properly. Overall, very nice atmosphere and food.
4	A New Mexican restaurant in AZ? This made me think of my best friend who lives in NM. =)I came here with a friend last night for dinner since she's been dying to come here. I think everything deserves a four star. I ordered the Pasta Hedi which was amazingly delicious! It's a pasta that comes with chicken on top of a tortilla. The sauce was sooooo yummy. I'm really into pasta so I really loved it. It also comes with a house salad which I thought was really good and very good size portion. I had to split it with my friend. We washed everything down with margaritas. I ordered the Prickly Pear margarita which definitely satisfied me after a long day..You have to try it! The service was also very good. Our server always came back to make sure everything was to our liking. I loved the ambiance of the restaurant as well. It's a great date spot.  The only reason it doesn't get a four star from me is because it's a bit pricey. Between the both of us with our entrees and drinks the bill came out to about $60. That and it's pretty far from me. I wish there was one on my side of town. But you get what you pay for! I'll definitely be coming back for that pasta and margarita again! Plus their brunch menu also looks beyond yummy and something that I'd like to try out. =)
5	The ambiance to this place was nice, and can be perfect for a date spot. :) I met up with a friend of mine. The hostess that lead me to my table, seem like she didn't like her job at all. I didn't get a grin or smile,nothing.I ordered the vegetarian New Mexico enchiladas.  OHHH MYYYY GOOOODNESSSSSSS. Deliciousness to my mouth. :)))))))) the rice, beans to the enchiladas was perfect!!!! I almost killed that dish. And you know what else was perfect??  My  pomegranate  margarita. Yes.. very friendly drink :D I'll definitely return again.
5	I am THRILLED that this place is in my new hood.  Came by here again yesterday and could eat my fat ass to death and not get bored.  So many choices and the flavors are simply wonderful.  The ambiance is nice too.  You have to check it out!  :)
3	I am not sure if I just dislike Mexican fusion, so I have to preface with that. I don't think I do. The waitstaff was very friendly. The food was mediocre. I had a special, tilapia with cheese. It was OK. Tasted like something I could do. The other three diners seemed to enjoy their food. I think it was a little overpriced too.
1	The bartender was going off on the ladies next to us who returned a dish because it had no turkey in it.When returned to the kitchen the 3 Mexican  guys in the kitchen were totally talking BS about the customers. In Spanish.Unprofessional and bad. This place is seriously lacking management and the staff all seemed miserable.
2	Bad service.  Bad breakfast.  Eggs were runny.  Bacon was over cooked.  Server had pissy attitude.  They always pretend it is busier than it really is.  Going down hill.  Go to good egg for a great breakfast.
1	Zero stars.- Terrible food, mostly canned or pre-processed garbage- Service was pitiful.  Staff was extremely rude and disrespectful to the customers- Atmosphere was depressing.  Dark, dingy, smelly, uncomfortableMy biggest gripe is with management.  They offer happy hour specials, but do not clearly tell you which sections of the restaurant apply to happy hour.  As such, we were overcharged for our meal, and they were not willing to discuss the misunderstanding.Clyde, the "manager" is pathetic.  He has no authority or power to manage the restaurant.  I'm not sure why the owners would employ a manager who doesn't respect customers, but I can see why they have not given any decision-making authority to this hapless schmuck.Under no circumstances should you go to Richardsons.  Best case scenario, you eat overpriced, low-end slop in a depressing setting.  Worst case scenario, they'll steal your money and give you food poisoning.
5	I have been to Richardson's many times and it still remains one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix.  For the people complaining about the food being spicy, um, it is a restaurant serving New Mexico cuisine - it is supposed to be spicy.  My favorite dish has to be the Relleno Platter.  I usually split it with a friend because the portion is huge: two rellenos with rice and beans.  I especially like the pork rellenos with verde sauce, but there's also smoked turkey, beef and regular cheese.  Their margaritas are outstanding...honestly, I haven't had anything that was bad at this restaurant.  And the wait staff is friendly, too.  I love their patio renovation.  It is stylish and sophisticated with a modern New Mexico ambiance.  Great for having dinner and/or drinks outdoors on one of our beautiful Phoenix evenings.
5	The best place in Arizona for Carne Adovada, Guacamole and Prickly Pear Margaritas. An especially fun place to bring out of town guests for a Southwest experience. Dark, cozy booths inside which require early arrival or reservations for parties of four or more. The outside bar also has great atmosphere for a more casual evening.
5	Incredible ambience and amazing food.  Very different than your average Mexican food spot.  Things are spicy since its New Mexican flavor so be prepared.  A hole on the wall spot that doesn't get as much attention that it deserves.
3	For starters, it's dark as hell inside. They never asked if we wanted to be indoors or out. That sucked. Ambience and design is cool. Lots of dark wood, bright copper and adobe. Our server was very good and attentive.  My draught beer was flat but I left it at that. Ordered only one. I can't stand booth seating unless at a diner so I was somewhat uncomfortable the entire time. Food was good. I got the tacos ala carte. Pork and the tilapia were very good but the lamb was nasty grizzly.  Rice and beans were tasty and cooked just right.  My one daughter's brick oven pizza was well liked and my other daughter's skewers were great. My wife's shrimp quesadilla was over the top great according to her but she was buzzed!I'd say Richardson's would be an excellent place to bring or meet friends but as for families or business clients, not so.
5	Went back again today and everything was great. I ordered the meatloaf with both the green and red chili sauce and my husband ordered the pork loin and steak benedict. Very tasty and will be coming back soon!
1	What a disaster! Our food was late, they lost our orders, they do not take separate checks. The food, when it finally came, was very good but the service was worse than any place I have ever ate in my life. This is 2.5 hrs of my life I will never recover.
2	We were here years ago (actually Dicks Hideway) and loved the tamales so dropped in when we drove by. We had our kid with us and didn't think that would be an issue, but felt the cold shoulder when we walked in. We felt unwelcome, and the hostess seemed to have an attitude. No one smiled, once. At all. When we were taken to the table, the hostess just stared at the server and we stood there uncomfortably in silence for an oddly long period of time. We weren't offered the specials and had to ask about tamales, which were a special. We were talking about how we felt like our presence was an inconvenience and I think someone overheard, because then the waitress started being nicer. The food wasn't as good as we remembered and the experience was miserable and we won't be coming back.
1	I agree with everyone on here who said the food is great but management sucks.  We went in with a gift card we got for our wedding with the person who gave it to us and other friends.  It had never been used and should have had $60 on it--the server came back and said it only had $18 when we were paying the bill.  My husband wanted to handle it discretely because we were with a group, so he paid the server and spoke with the "manager" (stupid--he should never have paid until this was resolved).  The guy who bought it pulled up his bank statement on his phone to show he paid $60 and we had never been in there--so there was definitely a "mistake" made by the employee who sold it.  The manager did not know what to do and said he would talk to their computer guy when he came in later--it's been 5 DAYS now and no resolution, not even a phone call from the manager to let us know he's on it.  We have had  to call several different managers who all play dumb. I'm sorry, but this is theft--selling an $18 gift card for $60--and poor management for not handling it seriously. Too bad because we had a great brunch but I don't trust the honesty or the competency of people there. DO NOT EVER BUY a gift card from this restaurant.Update: Filed a complaint against this company with BBB and Attorney General's office.
5	Best restaurant ever!  Never had a bad dish and the staff is great. I've been coming here for over 20 years and it still remains one of my favorites. I recommend everything!
5	I've been here many times after moving to the valley 2 years ago.  After having most of the dishes on the menu, I have to say that it's some of the best food that I have ever had. Any time that visitors are in town, this is where we go out to eat.  Love it, love it love it.
5	We went to Richardson's last night because we had some family in town and wanted to treat them to a nice dinner. They did not disappoint. I had the fish special which had swordfish, mahi mahi and salmon and it was simply delightful. For some of the older folks in my family some of the menu was off-limits because of the spiciness but that's not true for me! I will be visiting this establishment again and suggest you do too, if you have a few extra bucks. (A little pricey)
5	This place is the go to place for me and my husband.  We go here for anniversaries.  We take out of towners here.  This is one of my favorite restaurants!!  I love this type of food.  I am from NM and the green chile's are right on!  The food here is down right amazing.
1	I have been a big fan of Richardson's since its old location and love it and its sister restaurants, Dick's and Rockerij.  The food is fantastic, creative and always hot which is something I really like.  Went there today for lunch and the food did not disappoint.  The service, however, was a different matter.  Our waitress was not pleasant and either completely overwhelmed or just incapable.  We would have had at least two additional rounds of drinks for the 5 of us but we had a tough time finding our waitress.  Even getting our water glasses refilled was tough.  We actually had to go find someone it was so bad.  We asked her for an additional silver setup which she brought but when we again asked for more water and if she could find our waitress so we could order more drinks, we got attitude and the its not my section look.  In addition to being non existent for most of the visit when she was around our waitress was really bit**y and showed no personality or interest in us being there.  We were there for almost two hours to get through lunch and while the food was good, its tough to enjoy when you can't even get a glass of water.  Lastly, we ordered red beers and rather than charging us the $3.50 beer price plus some amount for a little hot sauce we got billed for full on bloody Mary's.  Not a big deal but didn't really seem right.  We will ultimately go back but with their understaffed or just poorly trained service they missed out on an additional $70 in drinks from our table alone and probably one or two visits over the next month until we just can't stay away any longer.  Really hoping the next experience will be better.
2	I went to the old Richardson's years ago, this is the first time at the new location.  We ordered several apps.  The guacamole and chips were great...the chips were VERY fresh....hot to the touch.  The garlic platter was good, but a lot of cheese and quite a bit of it was stuck to the skillet/plate.  The spinach/chorizo was really good, would do that one again.  All of the dinners were good.  The pork chops stuffed with chorizo with mango chutney was amazing.  They do not have a drink menu and when we asked about one the server just said they don't have one.....she did not list the drinks/margaritas.  We had to ask a different server to find out what margarita options were available.  This is amazing to me, since that is where restaurants can make a lot of money.   The almond and pomegranate margaritas were really good.  The almond one would be worth coming back for...very unique!  I'm not sure if the server was new, but it was difficult to get information regarding the drinks and menu.  The server didn't seem too eager to find out answers to questions they didn't know...seemed to be ok with just saying that they didn't know.  When did ask her to go find out, she did go get some answers.  When the lights were dimmed (fortunately it was after we read the menu), it was very difficult to see anything....way too dark.  I can't imagine trying to order once the lights are dimmed....I guess you need to have a flashlight app on your phone to order here.  Overall it was ok, will not be rushing back...there are a lot of other restaurants with much better customer service and menu options.
2	I liked the two bar and cove areas for space and ambiance.  Our waitress was really nice but the kitchen was in deep trouble.  We waited over an hour for 3 happy hour small plates - chips and dip, sliders and tostadas.    Easy to create.  We asked the waitress twice and she apologized both times.  Finally I asked if I could order a second glass of wine at happy hour prices since happy hour was long over and I didn't get to eat my food while I drank my wine.  She managed to get a comp glass of wine for me which helped.  I made sure to tip her well because the food delay was not her fault.  Everyone was experiencing the same slowness.  When one table has a problem getting their food it's a mistake.  When none of the tables get their food in a timely manner - is time to fire the expediter.  Once the food came it was a terrible disappointment.  The same bland dry meat with no flavor just hot spice was on the sliders and the tostada and the dip was horrible.  The best part of the meal were the corn chips that clearly came out of a bag.  To make matters worse, I originally stopped in at Rockerij and decided not to stay because it was too hot and too crowded.  Next time we will mosey down 16th street to all the other restaurants/bars that deserve our business.
5	We had a delightful experience at Richardson's today.The chipotle ribs small plate was amazing.The chorizo stuffed pork chop and chimayo chicken were wonderful. The service at the table was warm, friendly and efficient.Frankly the New Mexican cuisine at Richardson's is better than the restaurants in Santa Fe New Mexico.If you visit don't forget to have a prickly pear margarita or two.
4	Great New Mexican style food. I have a hard time not ordering the Carne Adovada every time. However, the pork tenderloin and beef tenderloin are great choices. The atmosphere is a winner. Very little light with flickering candles to create a warm enjoyable dining experience. They get it right
2	Unfortunately, I had a sad, sad experience at Richardson's a few weeks back. I was tasked with planning a dinner for about 50 of my colleagues who would be traveling to AZ from various parts of the country. Because we have been having the most incredible weather and because Richardson's is known for authentic New Mexican cuisine (which I thought many would not have experienced before) I decided on this restaurant's patio for our setting. Working with the events manager was great, she was very responsive and easy to work with, I had great expectations! Sadly, it all went to sh*t on the night of the dinner. First of all, they had two servers on a 50+ person party. Whaaa? I felt bad for the servers as they were completely set up to fail. Second, when one of my colleagues asked if some of our tables could get water, after waiting 45 minutes, the manager got in her face. Inappropriate! The manager later apologized and our colleagues who had not yet been greeted or helped were quickly taken care of. I appreciate them stepping up but these thing should have never happened in the first place. As great as the food was, and that is the only reason for my two stars, I will not be heading back to Richardson's anytime soon.
4	We came here for Sunday brunch and they serve it till 4pm (yay!). This also includes very spicy margaritas and large mimosas for $5! Until 4pm! Our food took a while to come out and the staff was full of characters not good or bad just unusual service. I was lucky enough to nibble off of everyone's plate and it was all savory, satisfying and very very filling!Portions here are gargantuan! Finishing your entire plate proved to be impossible for everyone in our party so order appropriately. Also, the inside is very dark so if you are done with the sun this is a nice refuge. This place get 3.5 stars for me, but I think it's better to round up!
4	Happy Hour is AMAZING there - the calimari and roast beef sliders the best of the bunch.  I also enjoyed the fish, branzino, I think it was.  The siracha chicken sticks were not fully cooked, which was a bummer, because the sauce was good.  I could pass on the mashed potatoes, and side salad.  Also, it's valet parking only - so bring extra for the valet drivers.I probably wouldn't go here for dinner, but would be there in a second for Happy Hour.  :)
3	I came to Richardson's straight from the PHX airport.  I was eager to eat good food and be outside as I had just came from Chicago aka Chi-beria (-9 degrees).  I was on a business trip, so I sat alone at the outdoor bar.  The bar tender was really friendly and whipped me up a skinny margarita (which was very refreshing).The menu is huge and they also have a lot of specials.  I should've looked on Yelp prior to ordering to get some guidance on what was best.  I ended up with a fish special - Mahi Mahi w/ mango salsa, ranchero mashed potatoes, and broccolini.  I wanted so badly to give Richardson's four stars, but two things held me up:1) Side salad was served w/ ranch...maybe I am being too harsh, but ranch dressing is one of the worst dressings for you and they could've offered me another alternative.2) Mahi Mahi had a bit of a sour flavor (not sure how to describe it) and was kind of toughOtherwise, the dish was plated very lovely - very colorful!  The mashed potatoes were served in a jalapeno.  The broccolini and asparagus were cooked perfectly and had a corn sauce over them.  The mango salsa was not very ripe, so it was not very sweet as I had expected.I love the ambiance here and I would definitely come back to try one of their other many dishes.
5	Really, really good food.  Went here for brunch, sat on the outdoor covered patio, and drank cheap mimosas!  I love the New Mexico style of food and great selection of seafood as well.  Good service.  Amazing place overall.
5	Place is bomb dot comMust visit when in PhoenixIn my top five joints Long before Yelp or the Travel Channel, my go to source for finding the best places to check out when travelling was a book called "Eat Your Way Across the USA."  I think this was only one of two places in Arizona that the book featured.  Went to Richardson's for the first time in probably the late 90's or early 2000's and have been hooked ever since.  It is among my absolute most favorite restaurants.A couple years back, the original location was destroyed by fire.  This was my first time in the new location which is right around the corner from the original spot.  The interior looks almost exactly like the old location.  They now have mandatory valet, though, which I am not crazy about.In the past, I have gotten the huevos rancheros and the enchiladas.  Best I have ever had for both.  Today, I got the Trio which was Swordfish, Salmon and Mahi Mahi.  Came on a tortilla with asparagus and carrots.  Outstanding!  They have five dollar mimosas, bellinis, and bloody marys during brunch hours.  Had one mimosa and one bellini.I wish I had just come to Richardson's straight from the airport when I arrived last Tuesday.  It is that freaking good!
4	Fantastic food.  Valentines day.  Reserved table, and it was ready on the spot.  Only complaint - extra tables were brought in to increase seating.  All good - except - our table was in what was normally a walk way.  It felt like grand central station.  Also, the temporary table was so small - it had barely enough room for our dinner plates and silver... add a drink, glass of water, condiments, appetizer, salad, etc - it became a challenge to juggle the table without spilling anything.  Ordered the Spinach Chorizo Dip - fantastic flavor - fresh - but the spinach leaves were left whole - and by the time it cooks - there's long strings of green that makes it impossible to dip and scoop ... using the fork helps - but you have a pile of green to load onto a chip... please chop the spinach - it would be tons easier to eat!!  The Chimayo Chicken and the New Mexican enchiladas were fantastic - but the house salad as so-so ...may have been due to the volume of meals that night - but nothing special.  Overall - a great meal.
5	My favorite place for a hearty breakfast and memories of home (Though I've lived a lot of places, I claim New Mexico). There is NOTHING like good chile and it's near impossible to find after crossing the NM state line. The adovada and the shrimp enchiladas here meet the challenge!  ...So do the huevos rancheros. Heck! You really can't go wrong! (And,  YAY for $5 mimosas!)And for dinner, my favorite is the pork tenderloin, moist and sweet, basted with a green and red chili jelly and the "famous" GCP (a chile stuffed with cheesy mashed potatoes and baked).As much as I like the hip Dick's Hideaway location, I'm grateful for a greater shot at a table and the "new" Richardson's location just a smidge up the street.
4	Went on a whim based on a friend's recommendation.  This is not "tex mex" but upscale food with Mexican or New Mexican influence.  Prickly pear margarita was excellent, the house salad that came with the entree was good, the jalepano ranch was not at all spicy, but had good flavor.  I had the steak and the portion was huge.  After eating an appetizer (chorizo spinach queso) I couldn't even eat 1/2 my entree. :) the twice baked potato in the green chili was cool and it isn't a sweet potato :) the atmosphere was laid back and decor was cool.  The outdoor space is another restaurant? All in all a good meal and experience.
5	I have reviewed Richardson's before, but I wanted to give a quick update on Happy Hour. We came from seeing a play at Phoenix Theatre and wanted to grab a quick bite. I had always heard about the happy hour, but never caught it before. Turns out that we were very lucky! During happy hour the small plates are $5, glasses of wine at $5, and draft beers at $5. This makes the place fairly reasonable. As for the food, we had Green Chili Sliders (outstanding), Carne Adovada Sliders (outstanding), Chicken Skewers (darn good), and Tostadas (crunchy and tasty). There are maybe 4 or 5 more things you can choose from. The only hitch is you have to sit at the bar or in the cove (a closed in patio area). Small price to pay.N*Joy...
2	Had family in town and wanted to take them to one of my favorite places in The Valley. I should have gone with my gut and not taken the 9:15 reservation but they really wanted to eat here. We were seated at about 9:30 and they were definitely not ready for us. We received water right away and then were assured by the manager that we would be well taken care of. We didn't see our waitress for 15 minutes after that. She was good and very nice considering she was our bartender for an hour and a half while we were waiting for our table drinking. We wanted a pizza and they said they weren't serving them anymore?  Ordered our apps. and they were good. Ordered our dinners and the Caesar salads came out without dressing. Ouch. Dinners were OK. Just not as good as every time else I have been there. Oh well. Maybe it was too late in the evening.
2	The food is very good and I liked the atmosphere.  If you go for happy hour be very careful where you sit and then still ask the server.  We had a group of people on Wednesday and sat at a patio table only to find our table did not get happy hour prices.  Had we sat to the right of us at the bar or to the left of us at a different table, we would have saved about 50% on our bill.  Even the manager would not override it.  They said that we sat at a private table, this table was sandwiched between the front entrance gate and the front door of the restaurant, nothing private about it.  The waitress never mentioned it or suggested that we sit at the other table.
1	As a long time patron of Richardson's I am always taking new people in and encouraging others to come downtown and try it!  This occasion, February 28, 2014, one of my good friends and I stopped in for a much anticipated lunch together.  This is the first time I have ever considered never returning.The restaurant was not busy  There was only 12 people in the inside dining area between 11 am and 12:30. We arrived at 11am and chose to sit at the bar inside. The young woman at the bar greeted me and served me a glass of wine and then proceeded to continue her "set up the bar" duties. When my friend arrived we waited several minutes and then I had to call to the server to ask someone to take my friend's drink order. 5 + minutes later our server/bartender still had not brought the requested beer although the server/bartender was right there on the other side of the bar in full view. 3 feet away from us. Remember the restaurant was not busy.We ordeedr the bacon-wrapped shrimp appetizer to share and it arrived in a reasonable amount of time and was amazing, as usual.  Unfortunately we could not seem to get ANY service for a glass of water or a second glass of wine.  Again I had to ask the server to please ask the bartender, or whomever was supposed to be working behind the bar, to please see if someone was available to serve us. At this point we still had not been able to order lunch.The Bartender/ young woman who initially served us come up to take the drink order and I asked if the three salads on the chalk board were good.  She assured me they were excellent.  I am used to the house salad, which is excellent, and we assumed we could count on something of that quality. We ordered the beef tenderloin salad split and another glass of wine and a beer. 12-15 minutes later we still did not have our drinks. There was NO ONE new inside the dining room and one party out on the patio and several servers so as far as we could see there was no reason for the total lack of service.Another 10-15 minutes and the salad showed up on one plate. This salad was a very un-inspired 'Cesar" with limp flavourless beef flopped on top of a mound of rusty romaine lettuce and some basic croutons with some shaved Parmesan Crude and messy presentation and it was certainly not what we envisioned.The server went to "find" some small plates and the salad was then deposited on the bar for us to split. No serving pieces were provided for us to accomplish this. She also did not offer to assist or to take the salad back to the kitchen to be re-plated. Maybe I am being picky here but I can get a terrible salad at any Denny's or Village Inn. Richardson's is known for service and quality. The service was non-existent. The salad was terrible, overpriced and tasted flavourless. The only thing that was good was the wine (which we had to practically beg for) and the shrimp appetizer which is all on the kitchen's skill.So feeling very un-welcome and very disappointed in the salad, lack of service, and our expectations for a great lunch - we gave up and decided to forgo anything additional. 60 dollars later we were happy to just leave. I am terribly disappointed. Richardson's is my go-to restaurant for special occasions, lunch with friends, happy hour - you name it. I can go to Postino's (closer to my house) or Windsor, Zinburger - any number of other options for a great meal. I fully expect Richardson's uniquely prepared high-end food when I come here and for 60 dollars for lunch I would hope to be at least not frustrated and hungry when I leave.
5	Food was excellent, service was great, first time here and I will definitely be back! Sat at the bar and the gal that took care of us did an excellent job! She left before we were done and the new girl was pretty good too but the first girl was awesome!
5	Still a five - without a doubt!!  We went here with another couple who are good friends.  They had never been to Richardson's before and so we were a little uneasy about whether they would like it as much as we do.We arrived at 5:20 without reservations because for some reason I thought they didn't take reservations for under eight which they indeed do.  They take reservations for 4 and over.  Anyway, they seated us immediately but explained that our table had been reserved for 6:45 and would that work for us.  Yes, indeedy!!  Nabbed a great corner cozy booth!  One of the best in the house!!As soon as we sat down we were served big glasses of ice water with lemon and asked if we wanted chips and salsa.  We had never ordered them before and they were really good.  They came warm, with a very flavorful guacamole, a salsa which tasted really great but was a little too warm for me and a couple other dips which I didn't try because I thought they'd be warmer than the salsa. We ordered drinks - one Reisling, two house Margaritas and one Rob Roy on the Rocks.  Everyone was pleased with their libations!Onto our dinner orders!   Two of us ordered the grilled shrimp pasta which was amazing!  I can't begin to guess how many calories were in that dish but it was so worth every bite and we both brought some home.  Our companions ordered two of their chicken items and were very pleased!  Our waiter was wonderful!  He was knowledgeable about the menu and spent time with us describing the various dishes.  They also have specials every night written on a chalkboard.  Lots of great sounding stuff, but oh my, that shrimp pasta was - ooh la la!Will I be back?  Without a doubt if my chapter three in life lasts awhile longer!
1	WARNING, do not sit on the patio. During this wonderful weather, you may be tempted to bask in the outdoors while you leisurely indulge in a mimosa or bloody mary. This restaurant is not the place to do so. For two weekends in a row I have sat on the patio only to be sorely neglected. I waited for 20 minutes to get a drink each time I sat down. This was because I discovered that the bartender outside is also the waitress for the entire patio. She is heavily bogged down and cannot accommodate patrons sitting at the tables. There were 5 of us, all four adults got their meal and were done eating when the 5th persons food finally arrived. I have no complaints about the food, but I also have no desire to give money to a place that has great food but crappy service.
2	I was in town for a conference and tried this place after reading the reviews.  We were greeted by the hostess quickly and waited at the bar for our table.  The bartender was attentive and served us a couple of drinks.  The ambiance is actually quite nice and cozy as folks have mentioned.  Our wait time to be seated was also about 40 minutes, so i would recommend coming when less busy or for happy hour and grabbing a seat at the bar.  The waitress seemed rather rushed and not attentive, as we had to ask for water.  Additionally, it was odd that the waitress did not even go over any of the daily specials noted on the chalkboards.  We ordered a fish taco special noted on the chalkboard and a relleno platter as well.  Both dishes were served rather late, after about 20 minutes of waiting.  The place was not really packed by the time we were seated.  The main courses were fair, but nothing really to write home about.  I was definitely expecting more.  We did try the flan, which was quite good.  The overall rating would have been three starts if our service was improved and the waitress took time to be more attentive and explain the menu items.
4	Went to Richardson's this morning for brunch with friends.  Sat on the patio, that was nice.  We ordered the drink specials, $5 mimosas and $5 bloody Mary's. I enjoyed my Mimosa a great deal.  For brunch, I ordered the Crab Cakes Benedict that I thought was rich and delicious.  Would have loved a piece or two of fruit to help cut the richness but it's a minor complaint.  I would definitely order this again and return for Brunch.  My partner had the Adovado Benedict and that was also delicious.  The service was pleasant.  We will definitely be back.
1	little confused on the outstanding reviews. went there over a year ago (got enchilada's) and our second time there today. i will say warm cozy atmosphere and no overhead harsh lighting was the absolute best and one of the reasons i wanted to go back. it stopped there. service was just ok. house margarita just okay and considering the cuisine it should be outstanding and trademark to the venue. food served on plates so hot (tamale's) that eating your meal is a job versus enjoyment because you have to let every bite cool on your fork before you actually consume it. my husband ordered brisket tacos and i had one of them. every bite was chock full of fat. after the third bite and swallowing it all i was ill and had to spit it out in my hand and put it on my plate. i was chewing on more fat than i cared for in every bite. i'm fully aware it can have some fat but this was beyond horrible.  and lastly, i ordered the tamale's and i can handle spicy food but this is ridiculous. the food is sooo spicy that it takes away from what could be totally wonderful and hearty flavors. again, it was our second time and i think this is the theme to all their dishes. very spicy and temperature hot beyond so beware. i don't know how a food critic would commend this. the spice in the enchilada and tamale dishes is so hot that you can't appreciate the natural flavors that are there to begin with.
4	This place is great.  Both times I've been, I've had the roasted garlic plate (definitely a must) and the carne adovada.  I've had carne adovada at other places, but nothing compares to Richardson's.  The garlic plate is interesting -- it's basically a handful of roasted elephant garlic with different chiles and dipping sauces served with these little hard miniature toasts.  It's so incredibly dark in the dining room that you can't really see what's on the plate, so we just blindly spoon stuff on the toasts and munch away.  It's delicious!If you're a fan of carne adovada, I highly recommend trying their version.  It's off-the-charts good.  The portions are very large -- I pecked away at my plate for an hour and still had to take half of it home with me.  Both times, I ate it the next morning with a fried egg on top.  SO GOOD.The atmosphere is great.  Others described it as "cozy", but you might also say that it's small and cramped.  The tables are roomy but it's hard to get around in the place without bumping in to people.  We sat up at the bar once and people kept knocking in to us.  Both times we have gone were on a Thursday night for dinner and it's been PACKED.  Once was at 5:30, and another time was around 7pm.  If you have a party of 4 or more, it would be very wise to call for reservations, otherwise plan on waiting a while for a table.The complimentary valet parking is a nice added touch.  Both servers we have had were outstanding.  Last night, I knew they wanted our table (there were just 2 of us sitting at a large booth), but we never felt rushed or unappreciated.  The first time we went, we sat up at the bar to eat because the dining area was full, and the bartender was incredible.  She kept our drinks full and made some fantastic recommendations for dinner.  I wish I remembered her name because she was excellent.The only reason I rated this place 4 stars instead of 5 is the lighting.  It's INCREDIBLY dark inside.  I've never been to a restaurant that was this dark.  Lots of bars do the dark lighting, and that's fine, but it's hard to see your plate and the menu with such dim lighting in the dining area.Whenever friends and family visit from out of town, this is one of the places I take them, and everyone has loved it.
3	Tried this place one more time.  Sat outside in the bar area....much better!  The service was awesome and the food was fantastic.  We ordered several apps that we all very good and orders the stuff pork chops again...this dish is a must if you go there.  The margaritas were also really good.  I will go back again, but will definitely sit outside.
1	Wow. Do not dine here. Please let me list the reasons why... Made a reservation three weeks in advance for a seven top reso for a bunch of Chicago 20 something's in town to go out and have a great night in Phoenix. Our server was non existent throughout our entire dinner... Our plan was to dine... Translation, spend money! No one was served more than one cocktail. When asked what to order, we were answered with; everything is good. We relied on one girl who has been here before to walk us through the menu. Food came out staggered, and when the food arrived, we asked the food runner (who was clearly the rude host with short spiked boy hair) which entree had meat and which had cheese... (We had a vegetarian in the group) she responded with, "I don't know, this is not my job" Okay, really?! As we are all completely done with this place, and parched because our waters hadn't been refilled on the 90 degree patio. I thought that I should just let the manager know about how much money they lost out on, and more importantly how neglectful his sever was. His response; I wish you would have told me earlier so that I could have fixed it. (Mind you, our entrees were still on the table) No, I'm sorry, no, let me send you dessert. No, apology or care for my complaint in anyway.... Talk about one, the server. Two, the host/food runner. Three, the MANAGER... Dropping the ball! Needless to say, we will never be back. We have now wrote this review, so hopefully other people don't go here. And lastly, to whom ever reads this internally. Find a manager who values the customer... And get a training program in place for all your other staff members who interact with the people who pay your bills.
1	Food was just okay.  Waiter was rude and arrogant.  Noise level extremely loud on a Tuesday!  Won't go back.
3	Definitely a must-try in Phoenix for New Mexican food with some unique twists.  The atmosphere is cool, but the staff can be hit-or-miss depending on who you get as your server or bartender.  Regardless, check it out for yourself for savory food and an authentic feel.
4	We went for a friend's birthday and were impressed with the food.  The service was average, but the ambience made up for it. It looks like it has an excellent happy hour.
2	My first time here and I have to say, it did not live up to its expectations. From the moment we got there, the hostess was rude and when I asked if they could turn the air up before my friend turned into a popsicle, we were declined. I then asked if we could turn the fan off right above us and she still said no without any explanation. I ordered the shrimp enchiladas and I would say there was MAYBE three pieces of shrimp in the entire dish. Splitting up the check was a nightmare since we were told they dont do seprate checks , she came over probably every two minutes to make sure we were moving along in the bill splitting process. It was not relaxing, enjoyable or worthwhile. It was a going away dinner for one of my friends and I was sad to say that upon leaving, I knew she wasn't thrilled with the service or the food.
1	Gross food that tastes like is comes out of a can. I gag when I think about how nasty the food was
5	Absolutely one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix! Always have gracious servers and an amazing crowd. The best is the food, always consistent and always great tasting!!!
2	Good food, terrible service. Maybe nice for a bar dinner for two, but definitely not kid-friendly.We went today to catch a celebratory brunch for a few family achievements. My wife and I tow along a toddler and an infant, and we wanted to get a table for 6, for the other family coming in. The hostess looked at us like we were blood-stained hobos or something, and seemed oh-so-upset that she had to take us to our table. When we asked if there were high chairs or accommodations for the infant in the car seat, she flatly replied no and suggested we could put our infant on the floor. You know, totally normal restaurant practice.The staff, from bus boy to waiters, seemed to do just the bare minimum. No smiles or friendly talk, and it was almost like they didn't want to make eye contact. I'm Asian so with my squinty eyes I can understand if people have a hard time making eye contact. But my in-laws have perfectly normal eyes. One waitress, who was also attending at the bar, was nice enough to talk to us a bit, but was too busy and eventually had to ask another grumpy person to take care of us. Anytime we had questions, like whether we could sit outside, or where the restroom is, or, oh I don't know, if we could I have a water refill, we'd be met with what looked like eye-rolling. We all felt uncomfortable. I actually felt relieved to leave, eventually. Food was nice, but not good enough to warrant coming back for.
3	I like the place... Very quiet. The staff is attentive. Other patrons are pleasant. Great menu... Something to please even the pickiest of eaters.Totally not a fan of the ceviche. They do not cook the fish in lime juice...so I was told by a staff member. The shrimp delivered on a bed of rice was delicious tho!
5	The food is excellent. We have been coming here for years and have never had a bad meal. The seafood is great!
2	I was really looking forward to eating at Richardsons but was unfortunately let down. My wife and I ordered 3 dishes and only one was worth eating.  The ceviche comes in a bowl of salsa with little fish. The garlic plate was okay but nothing to write home about.  Our final dish was the carne adobada. I loved this dish but it was a little too spicy for my wife.  The service was great however our first round of drinks tasted watered down and at $13 per drink, I would like it to taste like it contained alcohol.
4	I am such a huge fan of southwestern food and this place does the trick. Be careful that the food can be pretty spicy as a whole. The ambience is very chill and dark, like a lodge. My fave dishes are the bacon wrapped shrimp, scallops, and the roasted garlic plate. That garlic plate does me in with the sauces and soft elephant garlic to spread on bread. Wow! I just wish they didn't put a tortillas on the bottom of every plate. The prices can be a little high but the dishes are delicious. Parking is valet and happy hour is so-so.
5	Not a restaurant for ther faint of heart, lots of spicy food BUT there is food for wimps.  The steaks, pasta, chicken and mexican food are all winners.  The basic margarita is excellent.  The Chinaco skinny margarita is a real winner.  On the weekends the mimosas and bloody marys for $5.00 are a bargain.  NOTE make reservations for weekends.  ALSO go next door the the Rokerij , same food with a  few additions, The DUCK is fabulous. Great wine list also. Both places are mid priced. Also Dicks Hideway same food for more of a bar atmosphere
4	Great food! Pork chop was a tad over cooked but flavors are amazing! Fish specials are the way to go. Lots of food, great service and atmosphere. I only wish I could cook with that much flavor.
5	This is a must when in Phoenix.  Best carne adovada ever!  The new place is even better with a great patio and outside bar; moreover, the keep with the feel of the old place.  Great food, great atmosphere, and spectacular service!   LaDonna is phenomenal!  Have her make you a Jamaican Ten-Speed.  You'll love it!
5	How this place has less than 4 starts is beyond me.  This is the best New Mexican food you can find outside of NM and one of the best restaurants in all of phoenix. The food is incredible (get the carne adovada or the chile rellenos) and the bar selection is great.  Service is good and atmosphere is great.  Fantastic place.
4	This place is good but it gets over-hyped.  Good Land o' Enchantment-style cuisine. Hot Hatch and Anaheim peppers make most of their menu items awesome.  Even the burger is decent.  But like going to an over-hyped movie this restaurant makes you leave feeling ripped off. I'll give it another try in the future.
5	What a wonderful evening to start out with happy hour and mike I or ( my guy ) excellent food from grilled shrimp to creme burlee fun friend, tequila ... Had a great time mike was on top of it at least we were one of few customers on the patio .
5	So we came here after finding out Rokerij doesn't serve the new Mexican food anymore. My Lil Sis was in town and the rellenos were a must ! My Mom, both Sisters and I came on our girls day after the art museum and shopping. It was the perfect way to end the day ! Our food was amazing !!!!!! The enchiladas and rellenos were out of the world !!! All I wanted in life at that moment ! I also tried the carne adovada and cordon bleu, they were very good also. We had the skewers thinking that were like the rokerij version, but they weren't, still good though. We finished with the flan and sopapillas. The flan was really good. I am not crazy about flan, but I really enjoyed theirs. The sopapillas were good, not authentic, but still very good. I appreciated the density even though it isn't how I have always known them to be.
4	This isn't your cheap Mexican food joint around the corner, but it's also not your haute Spanish fusion fine dining. What you get is a relaxed and unpretentious environment, large portions and good food.Had dinner here with my wife and some friends. It's a good sized space inside, though there can be a wait during peak times. But they have a nice covered patio bar area where you can wait and grab a drink. The portions are huge. My wife and I shared the Carne Adovada and Chimayo Chicken, and probably had a full serving left over to take home. The Carne Adovada has a little kick to it with the red chili sauce, but the smoked pork is succulent and delicious. My wife thought the Chimayo Chicken was a bit too heavy for her liking, but I thought it was delicious. I'm looking forward to the leftovers :-)
3	The husband and I came to Richardson's for happy hour to celebrate our 9 monthaversary (and we had a gift card, so that helped). We sat at the bar, the husband got a beer, I asked for a bellini (since it said they had them on special on their menu) and the bartender looked at me like I was insane... I guess they don't make those anymore? Not sure. I ended up getting a mimosa, which was very good. The OJ tasted fresh and the glass was a generous size. We had a feast of happy hour food items that included: Blackened scallops, chicken tostadas, chipotle ribs, green chili sliders, and a green chili potato. Some items were delicious and some were not so much. The scallops (HH priced at 15$, so still fairly expensive) were the best of the bunch in my opinion. They were perfectly cooked and came with 4 different sauces, beans, and rice... it was all delicious. I would come back and just get that. The portion size was very generous. The ribs were the second best item. They were very tender, fall off the bone, and flavorful. The green chili potato was ok, but really not as special as I would expect for a restaurant's signature item. It is essentially a twice baked potato, but instead of putting the potato innards back into the potato skin, they stuff it into a pepper.... I thought the pepper was too firm and the flavors didn't completely complement each other. The filling could have been seasoned better. The sliders were alright, they were like little french dips sort of with chilies on top. I didn't love them, they just weren't that flavorful or special. The worst dish of the night was the tostadas... they lacked flavor, fell apart, and just were boring. When a menu states that when you order chilies, you're responsible for the heat level, I expect something will be spicy... but nothing was. I liked this place alright overall, but it was a bit inconsistent. I would probably come back for happy hour, but it wouldn't be my first choice in town.
5	Amazing food! I'm from New Mexico originally and they have the best carne adovada I've ever had! Great brunch too.
1	Richardsons employee philosophy: we give zero fucksI am giving this place one star only because it will not let me give it ZERO stars. I could rave about the poor atmosphere, overpriced marginal food, but the service by far was the worst I have ever experienced. And apparently I'm not the only reviewer who waited over an hour for their food and was completely disregarded by our server.Please let me start off by saying I have worked in the service industry. As a young adult in my twenties, I have had my fair share of working as a server cocktail waitress etc. I know what it's like to work for tips. However, our server, LaDonna (no joke) was a dim witted bird who obviously gives zero fucks. In case no one broke it down for her, poor service = no tips = no income. I'm baffled at her stupidity and am currently contemplating if you can actually blame someone for being that mentally challenged. Maybe I would be more forgiving if management gave any flying fucks about their guests but apparently they're greedy bitches with no fucks to give to anyone. I will NEVER go back. I'd rather spend my money at McDonalds because at least that shit comes with a smile.
4	My husband and I go here almost every date night. So... The service isn't exceptional and it's almost always busy but you can't beat the vibe. It's cozy and unique. The food is good. It's a matter of personal preference and we do love it, our friends love it (especially when we're down in the basement sitting by the fire enjoying a bottle of wine and socializing). The Rokerij and Richardsons (same owners, sit side by side) are worth visiting. Oh, and another unique spot that's owned by the same is Dick's Hideaway... My husband loves this place.
4	The food is good and there's a lot of it. The atmosphere is great, but is a little dark.
3	Went to Richardson's again tonight as it's one of my favorite restaurants for the past 10 years. Horrible experience tonight as we made a reservation late for 6 p.m. and they said all they had was on their patio. I specifically asked if they had misters and they said YES. So off we went and when we were seated the misters weren't on, so we asked for them to be turned on. They did, but they they kept turning them off. When we continued to ask why they were off they said others where complaining they were dripping on them. The only other patrons were ones at the bar waiting for their inside tables. We had 6 people and our bill was almost $400. At the end the waitress asked how everything was and we asked for our check so we could leave as we were all VERY hot (misters were off for the last 30 minutes of our meal). She apologized and told us it was a "liability" to have the misters on and that someone had reserved the "pit" on the patin and paid $500 as a deposit and they didn't want the misters on. As we walked out of the restaurant and left a 15% tip instead of our normal 25% (she lost $30) we saw NO ONE else eating in the "pit" area, only 4 or 5 people standing around and the floor was completely dry. Very disappointed that we were told outside would have misters, which the few times they were on made a BIG difference and that the few bar patrons were more important than our table of six, with drinks, apps, $35 entrees. We will definitely rethink heading back to Richardson's after this experience no matter how good the food is.........since we had to take 50% of the food home as it was too uncomfortable to eat.
1	SHORT VERSION:MAJOR disappointment tonight.  Just paid $52 for 2 Pasta Heidi's (online menu says $22 each but they are now $24 each) from "Richardson's" when the EXACT SAME ITEM at "Rokerij" is $18.  Received horrendous service from Richardson's tonight.FULL VERSION:First off, it really kills me to write this.  My husband and I loved this place and met here often for dinner after work.  It's been a gem for us but I'm not sure we will go back after tonight.My husband ordered 2 Pasta Heidi's to go tonight for our dinner tonight.  Nothing else.  No sides, no drinks, nada.   It's pretty far out of our way for a to-go order (from our house) but we were craving this delicious dish from Richardson's/Rokerij big time so we were more than willing to make the trek.However, when my husband was about to sign for the bill, he noticed something felt off.  It was much more expensive than we normally pay.  He asked if the prices went up and the gal mentioned she wasn't sure, but that maybe it was because we had called the Richardson's phone number and not the Rokerij number. He then went to the Rokerij side and checked out their menu. Mind you, as many people who eat here know, there is a lot of carry over between the two.  In essence you can order many of the same items from one vs the other.  Heck, they even use the same font and menu layout!Sure enough, he was right.  There was a $6 price difference for the exact same item.  He asked about it and a male server said they had just had this conversation with management last week because it doesn't make any sense and people have mentioned it. My husband then walked back over to the Richardson's side and asked to speak to someone about it since it must just be a mistake.  Our meal was literally $12 more at Richardson's for no real reason.  After explaining the issue with the lady he was directed to (wish we had gotten her name) all she said "I don't know anything about that" and that "it is what it is" with a very condescending tone.  She neglected to offer any assistance to explore or amend the issue and smugly shrugged at him like he was crazy.For the record, if this were a mere couple dollar difference we wouldn't have bothered, but $12 is a pretty big difference.At the end of the day our experience was a seasoned patron's nightmare and it breaks my heart to share this story.If you absolutely must have the Pasta Heidi, save yourself some frustration and money by ordering it at Rokerij.Please see my photos for proof.  Both are menu screen caps from their website.   Both documents are dated 6.30.14, which indicates this is an issue they've probably known about for a while and haven't bothered to correct.
3	I returned with a group but didn't tell them about my prior review.  Here's my second experience...better than last time but still a food timing issues.  The better part.  I ordered the egg breakfast.  Everything on the plate was great and there was so much I took left overs home which were good reheated later.  The star was the bacon.  The best bacon I've ever eaten in my life.  The valet parkers were speedy and organized.  It's an amazing place to people watch.Here's the area they still struggle with - speed from food order to table. So the key is just enjoy another beverage and cherish the extra conversation time.
5	Their carne adovada, prickly pear margaritas, and patio are what dreams are are of. We always enjoy having a girls night or date night here, especially during cool weather, so we can sit on the patio. It is pricey, but I've never had better carne adovada anywhere!
5	I just had l lunch here. The enchiladas were excellent! The red chile is hotter than the green chile and both were very good. I finished off with the sopapillas. The outdoor patio has a fireplace for temperate desert evenings. I ate at the beautiful brass bar. I definitely recommend this place.
5	This review is super delayed, but I could not just forget to give this place the great recognition they deserve.I recently moved to Oregon after living in AZ my entire life. I made my first trip back home to AZ to see my mom and sisters.The girls went out for a day filled with food, laughter, and love. We saved the BEST for last. RICHARDSON'S!!!!!!!Between the 4 of us, we ordered some of the best items on the menu. Carne Adobada, Enchiladas, Mexican Chicken Cordon Blue, and ooooooohhhhh the Chili Relleno!!!!! Richardson's has the most impressive chili rellenos I have ever experienced. And I have experienced some freaking Rellenos!I would not expect to find Mexican food this good out of a some what up scale restaurant in what my sister would call Cen Pho (FYI, I would NEVER call it that).Great job Richardson's!!!!!
4	We sat at the bar since it was an early dinner. We ordered off the happy hour menu - pork sliders, queso and chips and ribs.  The sliders turned out to be the worst of the bunch.  The pulled pork was a bit dry and though the bun was nice, the whole thing was bland without some kind of sauce maybe.  The queso was probably one of the best I've ever had.  The ribs fell off the bone and the seasoning was pretty tasty despite the appearance of the dish.  The wine I had was very good, the margarita my friend had was super tangy but he enjoyed it.  All in all, I'd like to explore the menu further and maybe venture to the basement.  :)
1	My family and I have been patrons of Richardson's & the Rokerij for over 10 years. The service has always been so so, with condescending waiters, etc. but the food usually made up for the bad service. I mean we even returned several times after my sister found a rubber band in her pasta Heidi and still had to pay for the dish. However, our past few experiences have been sub-par. Service is worse than ever and the food does not make up for it anymore. It is either too spicy or severely overcooked and dry. It will be a while before we return!!
2	Very pricey dinner menu, but I couldn't get a simple salad with a vinegarette dressing. Drinks are over priced without any flair. The carne plate, supposed to be their signature dish had much room for improvement. I had high expectations for my first time at this place, but was definitely disappointed!
4	I really liked the ambiance here. I went here for a business dinner and it was a nice, relaxed atmosphere. I'm always happy to find a spot that serves good mole, and this fits the bill. My boss was also raving about their Moscow mules. Nice work, Richardson's.
4	This place was highly recommend by several people so I had to check it out. My first impression was that the restaurant was way too dark inside. I had to use my phone flashlight to actually read the menu. I suggest sitting on the porch if at all possible. You'll be able to see better. I ordered the New Mexico enchiladas and they were fantastic. I got a beef, pork, and chicken. I have to say out of the 3 the chicken was the best. Accompanied with the prickly pear margarita this meal was phenomenal. If you enjoy spicy food ask for their spicy salsa. Great addition to the meal.
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants to visit when I'm craving some good and fresh tasting New Mexican specialties. The flavors are out of this world and it will make your mouth dance with joy.Been to their other restaurants many times and always enjoy coming back. First got to experience this kind of treat at their older restaurant that mysteriously caught on fire. This place is a favorite of my boss and he usually pays. Nice!Love the Chimayo Chicken and on other visits order one of the Fish Specials written on the board. The appetizers are delicious and you can easily get filled up on them quickly. Really enjoyed the Green Chili French Onion Soup on my last visit. It had the perfect amount of heat for me and made me break a sweat.Service can be somewhat mediocre at times. Make sure to also bring a flashlight or have your smart phone app ready to go. It is ridiculously dark in there and can create a bit of a problem. You can always choose to eat outside at the bar or at one of the smaller tables.This is not a cheap and inexpensive dining experience. Then again it is not super duper crazy expensive. They do have valet parking at certain times so don't be surprised.Give them a shout out and get ready for some yummy flavors. You won't be disappointed. TOUCHDOWN IN MY MOUTH!4.5 STARS
4	Whenever we're in Phoenix, we make at least one stop at Richardson's. This is our go-to place for New Mexican food. The chiles here are killer, red or green. The New Mexico enchiladas are the perfect chile delivery system. (They'll give you red & green on same plate, but we're partial to the red.) Combined with daily happy hour until 6, what's not to like?Btw, roasted garlic plate app is great but definitely a big portion. It's a lot for two people to eat and still enjoy full entrees. Rokerij, the sister restaurant next door, is very good, too.
3	This is a New Mexico Mexican food restaurant. I liked hearing this when I first arrived. I personally do not care for spicy food and so it may not be fair for me to leave this review because just about everything on that menu did not sound appetizing to me. I did tell the server I did not like spice and was not given any alternative suggestions. The area we sat in was extremely cold all of us were shivering. Overall the food was alright. I did like the atmosphere. I'd go again but definitely would not be my first choice.
4	Dark lit, copper top bar (I think, it was dark), booze flowing and amazing comfort food makes this place a nice place for Tommy to go! Yeah, third person, so 1990's! Belly up here and get special happy hour prices on drinks and food! I usually stay clear of New Mexican food, but I have been here a couple times now and the flavors are amazing. Green chili, roasted peppers, garlic, smoked meats, fish, oysters, you name it, it's all amped up here. The heat of spice here isn't bad like most New Mexican food so don't be afraid and eliminate choices. Now I know some people aren't fans of the darker atmosphere here, but let your eyes acclimate and you'll see the warm inviting dinning room. Just be sure you don't drop your keys or wallet! JK. This place also has a great outdoor dinning and bar area in between the restaurants. Nice little patio to grab drinks and visit!
5	The 3.5 star rating baffles me.  Maybe people aren't ordering the right menu items.  I come to Phoenix about once a year and usually find a way to eat here 2-3 times.  It's simply the best southwest food I have ever had.  This isn't Mexican, this is southwest.  There is a huge difference.  I several times debated making the 300+ mile drive simply to eat the Carne Adovada and then drive home.  It's that good.  Also, the Carne Adovada Benedict is great for breakfast, the orange juice is fresh squeezed.  I am sure there is also a Carne Adovada Flan that is to die for.  If you can get an appetizer with carne adovada, you should try that too.
