4	Since vietnamese sandwiches are something I have on a weekly basis at home, I was really craving one during my frequent trips to Las Vegas (I have family here). After looking on yelp for a vietnamese sandwich location in vegas and not finding any listings, my hopes were down.  But then my boyfriend had mentioned that he saw a Dakao location that he had passed.  So, we ventured on to Dakao Sandwiches here in Vegas. When we got there, the inside of the sandwich shop was very plain and didn't have any furniture or anything yet. But this was understandable since they had just opened up and are new.  However, they had a simple menu consisting of 8 different types of Banh Mi (vietnamese sandwiches).  I had the roasted chicken sandwich (my favorite and usual), which was very good. The chicken and ingredients in the sandwich were very fresh and tasty. Also, the sandwich was warm when I got it, so I knew that they had made the entire thing to order.  + pros:very good vietnamese sandwich+ cons:very small location. no space to sit down. pretty much a takeout only.very limited menu. but im sure they will expand once they get going.great addition for vegas, since there are not many other places that have the Banh Mi sandwiches. hopefully there will be demand!
3	Had a bbq pork sandwich.This place is a lot different then what I'm used to. I'm also surprised that the first review was more then six months ago and the place is still pretty empty. the latest addition is a new board for their menu. Anyway back to the foodBBQ Pork Sandwich+ it's pretty big- instead of a normal liver pate that i'm used to this place choose to spread oil and green onion. added a different taste to the sandwich- the pork seasoning wasn't all that great tasted like it was soaked on soy sauce then grilled- it's a bit expensive, san jose got them for 1.50 each buy 2 get 1 free but here it's nearly three bucks- i miss san jose
3	Hit dakao today for lunch - ordered the house special ( $3) and the bbq pork ( $3) - counterguy goes to the back, yells out the order in vietnamese to someone in the back,  he comes back and tells me they are out of bbq pork - i look at the watch - 12 pm exactly, i given him the "WTF look" - there were 2 people in line behind me, they walk out !!  I guess bbq pork is the ticket !anywho, the guy tells me to go with the bbq chicken.  while the order is being prepared i ask the guy if they cook their own bread - yes, we're the best, THE BEST !!  ok lil guy, chill out, i tell him, " i'll be the judge of that ! "typical  sized baguette, wrapped in white paper with the little rubber band - again, typical.   the house special ok - not much pate smeared on - the veggies, fresh and crispy the way i like it, not much in the way of meat.  the bread ?  decent, in the vegas valley, i put them 3rd on the list.  the bbq chicken - ok.  kept thinking about the pork as i munched on this sammie.this place is worth another visit, especially to try the bbq pork.  priced a little lower than hue thai, the interior of  the facility not nearly as nice as hue Thai.happy eating !
4	*Real rating is 3.5, but rounded up due to how friendly the counter guy was and the fact that they made my sandwich in about 45 seconds.I walked in looking for BBQ pork, but the guy suggested I try roasted pork (off the menu item?). It was pretty tasty. Bread was great, meat was good, veggies good, etc. I do prefer the banh mi place near UNLV that starts with a P (too lazy to look up the name), but this one was very good as well. I think I prefer the spread a little bit better at the other place. Stupid thing I have to note... they have no diet drinks.. at all. Tons of full calorie, but no diet. I know this is just me being a calorie crazed freak so this fact in no way impacts their rating.. just making a note for others that prefer diet soft drinks.
3	So since I'm from San Ho, this is an unfair competition....I used to live near Story and King, we are talking center of Little Saigon...All Vietnamese on one side Mexicans on the other, but what a haven for foodies!  We are talking 2 for 1 samiches at $2.50!!!!!! and the Pho? the BEST broth ever, especially at Pho Ha.  So I tried the thit nuong, a bit dry and crispy, bread is decent, veggies ok but a bit on the skimpy side.  also had the xiu mai (my favorite) not badd but a bit soggy.....overall edible but not fantastic....stay tuned for the next episode.....til next time, good eating!
4	Not bad at all.  This is an interesting hole-in-the-wall place near Pho Saigon 8 and BBQ King.  I was kind of apprehensive about walking in, but the staff (this one lady) was nice, and took our order with a smile, if with just a few words.  The sandwiches were made in about 3 minutes (3 sandwiches all together), and we decided to order some of these sesame balls, as well.  We paid for two, and the lady, again very nice, decided to give us 3.The sandwiches were long, but thin.  About as wide-around as Hue Thai's but 1.5 times as long.  The bread was fresh, with the perfect combination of crunchy on the outside and soft and fluffy on the side, and the filling of each was good and filled the bread up very well.  The vegetables were good, too.  On the whole, the sandwiches were better than Hue Thai (cheaper, more for the money, and about as flavorful), but still not as good as Pho Thanh Huong...  I've still not tried a better banh mi (except maybe the $8 one at Pho at TI, but I might have been drunk, or might have been making it seem better because it cost that much more).  Since it's far out of my normal operating area, I think I'll stick to Pho Thanh Huong, unless I happen to be forced to be in Chinatown.  Extra star for good, friendly, if taciturn, service.Oh, and the sesame balls were huge!  And quite good, too. If you're in the area, drop in.  Not really worth a special trip, though, in my opinion.
3	I think the fact that they are cheaper than hue thai makes it taste better, the bread is baked every hour which you can taste, but the grilled pork was marinated badly and was thickly cut and oversalty.Because the meat is essential to the sandwich it is unfortunate that I had to give three stars instead of four stars.I plan on going back and trying their other sandwiches like the veggie, egg, and the number one cause I heard their pate is good.We'll see...
3	It pains me to see that this 4 star fast-food joint is managed and decorated so poorly. For $2000 with a fresh coat of paint, several cheap paintings of Vietnam, and maybe 3 sets of tables and chairs I would be proud to bring my friends and dine here.What's not to like about the food. The cafe sua da is top notch. It's aromatic, intensely sweet and bitter. I can down 2-3 large banh mi easily. I usually order the Xiu Mai. It's like a minced pork ragu with a hint of garlic and onion flavor. My favorite part is that the bread is crispy on the outside and airy in the the inside, which is a sign that it's made fresh daily. Sadly, this dump of a setting keeps me from returning as often as I would like. I hate for this review to sound negative but :SERIOUSLY, CHANGE YOUR FRONTAGE! and I definitely upgrade to a 4 star review.
3	Boy I was hungry for lunch! I wanted Vietnamese sandwich and someplace new. So, I called Dakao to see if they had a vegetarian sandwich. Check! I asked if they accept credit card! Check! I asked if there is a minimum! $8! Ouch....all I wanted is one vegetarian sandwich. The gentleman said that he will process the transaction with 1 sandwich for $3. So, I jumped in my bat mobile and off to Dakao I go!!Once I arrived it was all wrapped and ready to go. I did a squeeze test and it felt a little hard. With an open mind, I proceeded back to the office with my Dakao Veggie sandwich. A las! Back in the office and a bite I go! Indeed and which I was afraid of...bread was hard and crispy, I prefer my bread Fresh as in a hint of crisp on the outside, soft and warm in the inside! Although I was disappointed with the not so fresh bread and they didn't have any hoisin or siracha sauce, the inside of the sandwich tasted yummy and fresh. Tofu was sauteed with veggie soy sauce, Cilantro, carrots, daikon and cucumber was organically fresh and crispy. I will give Daikao a chance and next time will request for a fresh bread by expressing my last experience to the gentleman.
5	My wife and I just love this place.  During our weekly Vietnamese shopping, we always try to swing by this place to grab our sandwiches or Bun Cuon.I think this is a family run business.  I have met both the husband and wife.  They are very nice people.  Funny thing is that as many times that we come here, we do not honestly know their names.  Environment, well, don't look to dine in.  This is more or less purely take-out.  Foodwise, the dac biet and grilled pork sandwiches are pretty good.  The prices use to be $2.50, but now it is like $3... i guess it comes with the times.  Also, we usually get the Bun Cuon.  I have to admit, the fish sauce does tastes like water (my wife always have to add more fish sauce at home).  Otherwise, the price and food is pretty good.Overall, the price and value of this place is right on.
4	They don't have much of a selection here but the sandwiches are really affordable and good.  They bake their bread everyday, and you can buy just the baguette.  I think they put jalapeno in their sandwiches so if you can't handle spicy you should let them know.  I like their grilled pork and the pork skin sandwich, I also like to get their Vietnamese iced coffee and a young coconut.
4	Bombtastic Bahn Mi!  My god this crap is good. This has everything I'm looking for in a Vietnamese sandwich. Crunchy fresh baked french baguette, jalapeno, cilantro, pickled diacon radishes, pate', and meat.  When I first tried Dakao's bahn mi I was so impressed that I went back the next day.  Considering the fact that I had to travel about 10 or so miles to acquire this legendary sandwich should give you some sort of insight in to how amazing Dakao's bahn mi is.  I really have nothing else to say.  Fast, affordable and delicious, what else do you need to know.  The only reason I didn't give Dakao 5 stars is because of their lack of seating.  They only have 2 small tables that seat 2 people each. I am not apposed to sitting in my car or even on the curb, however, when it's 100 or so degrees outside it can make it quite uncomfortable.
4	Buy five sandwiches and you get one sandwich for free!!!.Now, that's a deal. It gets even better because the sandwiches are cheap. The grilled pork sandwich that I like costs $3....you crunch the numbers. It's comes.down.to.$2.50 a.sandwich. Great deal!!!!! What do you think? It's not the best banh mi place but I would rate it at a close second. Dakao is now one of my favorite spots.on the Spring Mountain Asian fare.
4	Always have a great sandwich here. One time it was cold, but it won't stop me from coming back.
4	I must confess, I am a Vietnamese Sandwich expert.  I don't use the word "expert" lightly.  Unbeknown to me, my parents have trained me into being a Vietnamese Sandwich expert or a banh mi expert.  I know my banh mi.  In my household, this is like searching for the holy grail.  When I was growing up in midwest, there's hardly any Vietnamese restaurants, much less, a banh mi store.  We used to drive 4 hours across the border into Toronto just for banh mi.  My parents would try every single banh mi shop in Toronto and when we find that perfect one...guess how many we would buy?  Not 5 or 10 but hundreds.  I kid you  not... Literally hundreds.  A good portion was for us but they were also for other family members and close friends.  The Vietnamese people in midwest are banh mi fanatics.   My parents are still on the hunt for banh mi.  The several thousands that we've eaten are still not enough for their ferocious banh mi appetite.  Whenever we travel these days, they are always trying out banh mi shops... still hoping and keeping their eyes out for a good banh mi.  So what does all this background have to do with Dakao sandwiches?  You would think I have found the holy grail by typing all that background info but no I just wanted you to know something about me.... :)Dakao sandwiches or banh mi is pretty good for Las Vegas.  I've tried the ones at Hue Thai, SF supermarket and Thanh Phoung by UNLV.  Dakao tastes way better.  It really helps that their bread is so fresh.  I speak to the owners in Vietnamese and my filling on the dac biet or #1 is always freshly.  The pate and homemade cold cuts are not gamy and seasoned as they should be for cha (Viet ham).   Their pickled veggies can used a bit more seasoning.  I like it more sour but that's just a personal preference.  They don't compare to the banh mi shops in Little Saigon but it's pretty darn close and this place serves authentic banh mi.  My favorite thing here is not the banh mi but the banh cuon.  Banh cuon are rice flour rolls with ground pork fillings.  I really like the texture of the rice flour of the banh cuon.  If one knows or have very attempted to make them, it's really hard to get the texture of the rice flour right.  They make it very nicely here.  In fact, it's better then my mom's banh cuon.  But don't tell her that.. it'll just be our secret.
5	All of the Vietnamese sandwich shops that my family went to when I was young have long closed, or sold off to people who let their quality decline. So my mom and I ventured to try this place next to her hairdresser after the owner suggested this place. The young cashier speaks Vietnamese and English, so you do not need to fear the language barrier. I saw many people of all different ethnicity enter and order without issues. They are also patient enough if you are like me and get into fights with your family about who gets to pay. There is one table inside the restaurant and two outside. This place is more of a take out venue for a quick grab and go lunch. Although it does not provide places to lounge about, it offers a wide range of excellent Vietnamese options. We ordered five special sandwiches, one meat stuffed bun, a plate of ground pork and mushroom rolled noodles, and a plate of red pork bites. The sandwiches were everything a good banh mi should be; crunchy, savory, sweet, complex, with a bite from the green peppers. The noodles are a favorite since childhood and I recommend getting some Vietnamese sausage to go with them. The steamed meat bun, after reheating, is the perfect breakfast with a cup of strong coffee.
4	Sandwich was good! My friend bought me a sandwich from this place. So good I came back for more!!! Order a chicken sandwich! There's a .50 cent charge if you use s credit card. Buy 5 sandwich get 1 fit free!!! There's really no seating area. So order and go!
4	Forget Lee's Sandwich, Forget Mr. Sandwich.  Dakao is where it's at!Dakao is a small shop in the corner of a tiny strip mall with other non-descript places.  It is a small diamond in the rough with some bomb banh mi.Here's how Dakao wins1.  The baguette is chewy, toasty and crunchy even after a 20 minute car drive.2.  The cold cuts and meats for the banh mi dac biet have a nice ratio of pickled veggies to meat to pate.  Though I would prefer just a little more filling, but the flavor is a winner3. Size - It was two and a half iphones long!  That's a long banh mi.  (see picture http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zsQk990PubOHjr1YcLkQFw?select=xR78EphS-wi7dy7uvCSAOA)Conclusion:  I love this hole-in-the-wall.
4	Don't be scared by the curiously unfortunate-sounding name, since I typically don't like to evoke images of German concentration camps when I bite into one of these heavenly Vietnamese sandwiches (banh mi).   This place came highly recommended to me by a Vietnamese colleague so when I had two friends from out of town needing a quick bite before hitting the road, I took them to this inconspicuous hole in the wall and we were greeted by a pleasant guy behind the counter who recommended that we get the grilled pork, the meat ball, and the beef banh mi (was intrigued by the sardine and fried egg/chinese sausage offerings).  I appreciated the fact that there were some tasty Asian beverages in the fridge including Thai iced tea, chrysanthemum tea, and sweetened soy milk.  There was also the option of a refreshing glass of vietnamese coffee with sweetened condense milk if you need the caffeinated pick me up.  The first thing you need to know is that they bake their own French baguettes every 45 minutes so you are getting a warm crusty chewy roll that encases your choice of meat with pickled veggies of daikon and carrot, meat pate, and garnished with cilantro and jalapeno.  The owner happily honored our request to cut the sandwiches in thirds so that we could sample all three.  The grilled pork is irresistably crispy with a sweet glazed exterior, the beef is butter-knife tender like a well-cooked filet, and the meatball is broken down like a spread engulfed in a sauce that can only be described as the lovechild of a sweet and sour sauce and a marinara.  All three sandwiches share everything one could hope for in a sandwich: contrasts in texture (chewy bread vs. creamy pate vs. tender meat vs. crunchy veggies), temperatures (warm bread vs. hot meat vs. cold veggies), and flavors (saltiness, tartness, sweetness, and SPICINESS...respect those jalapenos!).  I would give this 5 stars if there was slightly more meat to balance out the bread but I'm sure this could potentially be negotiated upon ordering.    At a price of a mere 3 dollars, a 5 dollar footlong at Subway would actually be considered a scam both in price and quality of product.  My two compadres were so pleased that they both bought an extra sandwich for the road (at 3 dollars, how could one resist?).  Definitely worth checking out if you have a hankering for banh mi or need a change of pace from your typical sandwich offerings in Vegas.
5	Love this place.  I live in the Bay Area but was visiting my sister and she brought us here. Owned and run by a husband and wife team. Ah, reminded me so much of the little Vietnamese sandwich shop my parents owned when we were growing up.  Very low key, informal, family-oriented.  When we came back the next day, the husband was playing chinese chess on a little table outside--just like something my dad would do.First, I have to say that there is no Vietnamese sandwich in Vegas that lives up to its counterpart in the Bay Area.  My sister told me that straight out.  But Dakao (which my mother said is named after a very lovely neighborhood in Vietnam, which she actually lived in) is the closest thing. If you never had a Bay Area Vietnamese sandwich and died only having had Dakao sandiwches, you'd be well enough off.  (Now, if you died only having had Vietnamese sandwiches from the Lee's down the street, then you'd be an object of pity, but that's another review.)We went wild during our 2 visits in 2 days here.  We had their basic banh mi (yum) and their grilled pork sandwich (also yum).  They actually had pate so, a savory pastry located in their self-serve counter with a delicious buttery flaky crust filled with ground pork, mushrooms, and some other goodies.  My parents used to sell pate so at their restaurant when I was little but it's now very difficult to find so I was thrilled that Dakao had it--and made EXACTLY the way I had it growing up.  I bought 3, thinking I would bring 1 back to the Bay Area for my boyfriend but while it did make it back, I ended up eating it myself.They also had this slimy dark green jello-like substance in clear plastic cups behind the counter.  My sister & I had no idea what this was and would have never ordered it but my mother was ecstatic when she saw it. I don't know the name but it's made from a fruit that naturally bears that jello-ey substance.  My mother said that HER mother used to eat it every single day in Vietnam but she (my mother) has never once seen it offered anywhere in all the years she's been living in the US (over 30 years).  We tried it and OMG, it was SOOO refreshing.  A little sugar is sprinkled on top to give it a slightly sweet flavor (make sure you mix it a bit so the sugar gets mixed in).  Very light and perfect for the hot Vegas days.  My sister said she was going to order it often in the future and I'm actually quite jealous that I can't find it anywhere in the Bay Area.My sister also regularly orders their banh cuon, a paper thin rice noodle pocket with a little ground pork.  I would've ordered that had we not already ordered a billion other things.  It's a tiny place but they have so many freshly made goodies, it's like a candy store to me.Like I said, I don't live in Vegas but whenever I visit my sister, I'm going to make sure she brings me back here.  The price, the food, the vibe, the owners, you can't go wrong.
2	Horribly disappointed in the Banh Mi Ba Le special.  I used to come here a lot until they went cheap on the sandwich. The meat were sliced so thin you can see through them.  I get pissed off everytime I open my sandwich and all I see is veg and jalapenos. Dakao, I quit you.
5	I'm a fanh!I ordered the house special banh mi for $3 and I was very satisfied!  I love the price, the immediacy and, of course, the flavor. I didn't catch their hours, but this place would be great to go to on the way home from a night on the strip. I'll be coming back!
1	Terrible service. Slow. Dirty place. To top it off, three dudes were sitting literally 1 foot next to the open front door and smoking their cigs. I just wanted a sandwich and some hot food, but they only served sandwiches on the day I went. If the sandwiches were awesome, I'd live with the setting, but the sandwiches were just ok. Nothing special. Skip this place and either head over to Lees or Mr. Sandwich, both down the street.
5	awsome banh mi, a lot cheaper than Lee's sandwhich, and taste much better! would come back next time for banh cuon (vietnamese steam rice roll)!
5	if you know what you want, call and order ahead, cause the place is small! they have good cheap banh mi, buy 5 get the 6th free. good fresh desserts too! beside banh mi, i love their banh cuon (steamed rice roll with mince meat), so yummy!!!
5	Tried this place out for lunch and was amazed at how good the sandwich was. I have no experience with banh mi but it will differently NOT be my last trip there!
5	Few of my med school friends and I came here for a little breakfast and coffee before our afternoon genitals and breast lab. Since there were 5 of us, we were able to get 1 bahn mi free! We tried the 2 chicken, 2 house special, and 2 grilled pork. (Of course, I got 2 sandwiches!) All three were meats were delicious, but the house special stood out the most for me. I have been always hesitant to get the house special because sometimes the "bologna" taste can rub me the wrong way sometime and kick in a gag reflex. But here, I liked how the different meats were in good condition, thinly sliced and were in harmony with the other ingredients. I think the quality bahn mi bread is the best in LV. It was crunchy and soft and didn't scrape of the epithelial cells lining my hard palate.I also bought one of the deli items. It was chinese sausage and egg stuffed with vegetables and wrapped with rice paper. What a great breakfast! It was light, full of flavor, and had protein. I hope I can find out the real name of this dish but I posted a photo just in case you are interested~ Also, I got an iced coffee and it was very standard (sweetened, creamy). This place isn't like Lee's where you sit down to eat your sandwich. There's one table outside and one inside and they're not fancy or clean. The atmosphere in summary: Type of joint where older immigrant Vietnamese men come to grab some coffee and read their papers.Lastly, the cashier (owner?) was friendly and helpful in answering any questions we had (i.e. What's in there?). Furthermore he was a jokester! When I asked him to slice the rolls in half, he told me it'd cost $1 per roll to slice them in half! It made me laugh because he couldn't keep a straight face (I like him!).I'm glad to have finally found a bahn mi spot in Vegas!
3	My boss got me addicted to Vietnamese coffee almost a year ago and it's been a routine for me to dropby this place just for that since. Not only is it cheap ($2.50, no tax! Awesome!) but it is on my way to work, so it's very convenient. Also, it opens very early, unlike other places (Lee's Sandwich, another Vietnamese place that sells this kind of coffee, also opens early, but theirs is milky and almost a dollar more, so I'm sticking with my Dakao). I like that it's strong, thus, keeping me awake all day long. The owner (I think) knows me already so when he sees me park, he preps it right away so all I have to do is just pay when I get there. I've tried their sandwich and theirs is just okay, I'd say. I give them 3 stars for opening early and for giving me my coffee fix for work.
5	Being told I have to spend 8 whole dollars to purchase with my credit card is music to my penny pinching ears!!! For 8 dollars even, I got a Grilled Pork banh mi, a Chicken banh mi and two canned drinks.  Everything was delicious!What made this visit really nice was the friendliness of the regular customers.  One lady recommended the House Special.  I know what I am getting next time! :D
5	Visiting from out of town and had a craving for banh mi...Thank you to fellow Yelpers, they pointed us to the right place.  $3 for all types of banh mi (except for the Beef @ $3.50) was a super great deal!We bought 5 banh mi and got one for free!  We ordered thit nuong (grilled pork), ga nuong (grilleed chicken), nem nuong (grilled pork meatballs) and bo nuong (grilled beef) and they were all delicious!  Our favorite is the bo nuong.  Their bread had a great proportion of the soft and slightly sweet taste inside and a nice crispy crunch on the bread skin.  Not too thick.  We devoured 3 banh mi in a matter of minutes!  Can't wait to come back and  get some more and try out their coffee next!Try it out!  It will not disappoint!
4	A tiny nondescript sandwich place with about 8 types of sandwiches. I had the grilled pork and a combination sandwich with a hot vietnamese coffee. The only complaint I have is that the grilled pork was not actually grilled, but it was well seasoned. The bread is the best I've had. It was light and crispy on the surface and pillowy soft inside. They have a sign outside stating that they bake their bread every 45 minutes and I believe it. There's only one small table inside, so it's built for take-out.
5	Who said that woman cannot live by bread alone!  They have never been to Dakao!  Delicious crispy crust on the outside and oh so tender on the inside!  I ordered the House Special which was amazing.  I love cilantro and jalapeno (ingredients in my favorite margarita)!  My friend ordered the grilled pork.   At 3 bucks, I thought that the sandwiches were going to be tiny.  WRONG!  Perfect size for lunch (with an iced coffee).  Aware of the lack of seating, we took our sandwiches to a nearby park.  We split our sandwiches since I started to eat the wrong one (I was hungry).  Luckily, we were both very happy with each other's choice.  :-)Next visit, I am bringing a group of co-workers so we can sample the menu!
5	It doesn't look like much from the outside... Actually, it doesn't look like much from the inside either. But this poorly decorated, seemingly run-down little shop is home to my 'Holy Grail' banh-mi.There's no seating; unless you count the rickety plastic patio furniture out front. There's a single table and 2 chairs. Don't expect to claim it yourself. Its usually taken by patrons of the nail salon next door or little old Vietnamese grandpas. The meat tastes better here. The veggies fresher. And the bread softer and more delicious than any other banh mi bread I've ever had. As much as I'd prefer to stop at Dakao, I find it an epic struggle to make it during business hours. They close at 8pm during the week and 6pm on the weekends. I generally don't work at 9-5 schedule so I consider those hours a little limited for me. Regardless, when I come I'll order a variety of edibles  and can't forget a refreshing Vietnamese Iced Coffee. If available, I'll stock up on the rolled noodles with pork, sesame balls, and any other good-looking sides they have available.There's also deli case filled with things I cannot actually identify. In my years of patronage, I've never asked nor purchased anything from said case. There are meat looking items and jellied things in there that I've found a little intimidating and downright unappetizing. I suspect the contents to be more popular with the authentic Vietnamese customer.And like many Asian owned establishments on Spring Mt -- cash Only.
2	Just ok.  Not very much meat in #8 grill chicken sandwich.  Ordered 2 iced coffes, but they could only make 1.  I still choose Hue Tai for vietnamese sandwiches.
4	This bare bones banhmi-eria makes some of the best Viet sammies in the city. Don't mind the dirty parking lot and cruddy sidewalks just mind the light crusty bread and fresh tasty ingredients. Bring cash.
1	Dirty, filthy counter and floor. Rude cashier, probably cause we're not vietnamese, or because we interupted the conversation she was having with her friend that was hanging out at the counter. The one table inside was filled with someones trash, it was never cleared. The two tables outside also had a ton of trash on them, so we took them to go. If hard crusty week old bread, with wilted veggies and dried out meat is your thing, this is the place for you.
1	Not sure what the hype is all about. Based on some of the other reviews I called  in to order the Grilled Pork Sandwich ahead of time.  I was told it would take about 20 minutes.   This  establishment looked rather filthy.  The one and only table there had not been wiped down.   Nothing to brag about.  The pork was lacking in flavor and I don't see anything special about the roll.    Sandwich was cold and sodas from the fridge were not.
3	I was craving some vietnamese sandwiches and found this place on yelp. Saw 4 stars and thought it must be a really good place to try. I tried their house combination and grilled chicken. They use baguette bread instead of the other kind of bread I was used to. To be honest, my review is solely based on my experiences from my home town. The baguette bread was too crispy and they were pretty skimpy on their filling. The flavor wasn't too great on the house special. I love the house special (#12 and huong lan in sac). I was hoping to get that same taste. But the meat and pate just didnt taste right. The grilled chicken was pretty tasty though. I just wish there was more of the pickled carrots and softer bread.
4	This is a very unassuming little shop. I have had them bookmarked for some time, but finally got the chance to pick up a little something for lunch. I tried the BBQ pork banh mi. They take credit Visa and Mastercard with a minimum $8 purchase. They advertise that their bread is baked fresh every 45 minutes and you can tell. It's crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The sandwich is quite large as well, compared to some of the other banh mi places I've been to, the prices are really great as well. Just $3 for every sandwich on their menu. Definitely a great deal, I'll be coming back again soon to get my banh mi fix on.
5	If you don't like confrontations, you avoid topics such as religion, politics, abortion, and who makes the best bahn mi. I am new to the bahn mi world but I can already tell when a baguette is superior to another. This is the case here. They bake it every 45 min. and it's thinner than others. They don't even make the slits on top, making a smooth surface that's very light and crisp. I fell in love with the bread immediately!It is a thinner sandwich than Mr. Sandwich, but what it lacked in quantity of filling made up with a bigger flavor profile. I could actually taste the Grill(ed) Pork, the fat jalapeno slices, carrot and daikon pickes with cilantro. It was all wrapped up, warm, and just $3 (tax included). This will be my go to spot for bahn mi from now on.
4	I just went back to find they've raised the prices by about 10% (30 to 50 cents, depends on the item). The grill(ed) pork is tasty but the pickle filling is scarce. Mr. Sandwich just gives more filling, even though I like the crispy bread at Dakao better. So Dakao is my #2 spot for bahn mi now.
4	A very unassuming shop in a tiny strip mall. I definitely felt like I was in Asia somewhere. The bread is large and crispy and so delicately light! It was almost like eating the crispy skin of a Peking duck. I would give it five stars if the banh mi was filled with more meat. As much as I enjoyed the bread, It would be a lot better with more meat and pate!
3	Price update. Sandwiches are now $3.25  they went up .25Very peculiar experience today at Dakao. Ordered a veggie sandwich and was told not available but all other sandwiches have the same veggies.  Place is still dirty and has a peculiar smell. not from baking bread either
5	Every time my husband and I are in Vegas, we visit Chinatown for some Banh Mi. We often go to Mr. Sandwhich but decided to give Dakao a try. OMG their banh mi is soo good! They're bread is perfect. crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. the thickness of the bread is not to doughy either. Their fillings are so good. I tried the veggie banh mi and hubby tried the vietnamese meatloaf. I think I may have found another favorite banh mi place in Vegas!
4	I've heard fantastic things about the China-town area in Vegas.  It's not super-convenient for me to get to from home or work, so I rarely make the journey over there.  After having a sandwich at Dakao, that might change.  DC and I stopped here on our way home from a recent trip, and boy was it fantastic.I had the grilled pork banh mi and DC had chicken.  For starters, the sandwich is about 2-feet long.  It's a lot of food for about $4.  The bread is crunchy and chewy and light.  I could eat the bread alone, but that would be nonsense when I tell you about the rest of the sandwich.This had your typical banh mi filling of meat, cilantro, jalepenos, and pickled vegetables.  Compared to other places I have been to, the pickled veg was sweet and added a nice balance to the sandwich.  The meat was warm and tender.  My only gripe was that the peppers were sliced into 'chips' and were not present in every bite.  This made some bites searingly hot and others void of all spice.After finishing my sandwich I immediately wanted to get a second.  I knew that would be a bad idea, but I really had to fight it.  Even now, more than 24-hours later I find myself thinking about that tender grilled pork and tangy-sweet vegetable combo.One thing to note - you should probably get your order to go.  There is only one small table in the place and it could hardly be considered a 'dining room' of any sort.
4	this is the best bang bang bang for your bahn mi. i usually buy 3 or 4 so i can save one for late. i like their bread, but wished their grilled pork could be more charbroiled. the only table they have tends to be a little dirty. just be careful when youre walking in. theres landmine field of pigeon poop on the sidewalk. if you come straight in from the parking lot there old asian dudes that look like theyre from a disney movie where they are part of an evil asian gang. as soon as you pass him you have to becareful the beauty salon chicks dont see you cus if they do... the walk up to their side of the window and stare at you and give you that look of "yeah i know what you did, you should be ashamed of yourself. if this window wasnt here boy id...."
4	Great pork sandwich. I need to try other places but this one was pretty good. Needs more tables but good place.
4	This place is somewhat tucked away in the corner of a primarily-Asian strip mall. Parking is easy enough, but most people are in and out of here with their phone-in orders. Their menu is small, but straight to the point. If you'd like to eat inside, there's a small table with only two chairs. Their sandwiches are huge, but definitely a little bit on the oily side. I like how their bread is crunchy on the outside, but still remains soft on the inside. Meat is tender and vegetables are fresh. They cook everything in the back, behind a wall, but it seems clean enough. I really like their pork sandwich and do prefer this place over Mr. Sandwiches (Dakao seems to be much faster with service since they don't try to do too much with their menu). I'm still trying to compare it to Huong Lan Sandwiches in San Jose (my personal favorite in the bay area), but my boyfriend thinks there really is no true comparison, you like which one you're in the mood for.
5	Okay, Okay. I keep coming back to this place. I just LOVE how crispy and light the bread is! Mr. Sandwich gives you more filling, but the bread tears up the roof of my mouth. AND on this visit, the lady asked in her very limited English if I wanted it to go. I nodded yes, so she only put the grilled pork in the bread. The rest of the fillings were in the plastic bag. When I put the filling in to complete the sandwich, it was THE BEST bahn mi I've ever had (and the filling portions were perfect!). I crave this!
4	Mostly, if you're going to a banh mi store, you'd stick with the banh mi.  However, the banh uot here are quite good.  Made like my mother used to make at home.  The only shortfall of that dish is the weak nuoc mam.  But I think that must be due to them altering for the western palate.  The banh bao had a nice skin (moist), but it lacked solid flavor.  The sardine sandwich I got was the best part of the meal.  Should be eaten immediately though, since the sauce causes the bread to go mushy.
3	I come here every time we visit Vegas. It's not the best I've ever had, but it's the closest I can get to the ones my mom makes at home. Living in Phoenix, there are very few Vietnamese sandwich places to choose from and they're all terrible. Sketchy area. Try to avoid using the restroom here.
4	Honestly, I've had better priced and better tasting bahn mi in the Cali area but for me, Dakao has some of the much better bahn mi in good ol' LV!  I had a hankering for some Viet food one day and we somehow ended up seeing this place from the corner of our (Asian) eyes.  Tucked into a corner right next to a hair salon, there was a small line at the counter.  I look to my left, a drink cooler, I look to my right, a food cooler, I look up...a menu of Vietnamese sandwiches!  I figure why not give it a shot.  Dakao is a very small place that is meant for take-out or pick-up so don't plan on eating here.  They do have one tiny table with two plastic chairs, but I think those are more for decoration than anything.  So order, wait, take your bahn mi outside or eat at home.  Or do like me and take your bahn mi to the 168 Market right down the street and eat it at the food court there while people are watching you with awe while constantly getting asked, "Where you get that?  Where you get that?"  Where indeed.There are 12 bahn mi sandwiches on the menu at Dakao.  They each range from $3-4.  Yes, expensive for bahn mi standards for Cali folks...but not bad for us desert dwellers here in LV.  Don't forget, you buy 5 bahn mi, you get 1 free!  I for some reason have never bought only one or two when I go to Dakao.  I always get the 5 with the 1 free because usually there will be someone in my family that will say, "Hey...where's mine?"  It never fails.  Who knew you had to feed kids constantly?I haven't tried all 12 bahn mi yet at Dakao but give me some time, I'll get there.  I stick with the #1 (House Special), #3 (Marinated Pork Ball), #6 (Grilled Pork), #7 (Shredded Pork & Skin), #8 (Grilled Chicken), and #11 (Meatball).  The #1 seems to be the fav of the family.  If you see 'House Special' on a bahn mi menu, expect to see head cheese, pate, and pork loaf on your sandwich.  Andrew Zimmern haters be warned!  There be some Bizarre Foods in the #1 bahn mi at Dakao.  But damn...it's good!The bread at Dakao is what does it for me.  It's a skinnier bahn mi, but the bread is not too hard on the outside, and not too chewy on the inside.  It's just right.  Pretty good French roll.  I just wish they added more fillings to their sandwiches!  They can be a bit on the paltry side with the meat and the veggies.  I love those pickled veggies!  I always have to ask for extra veggies on the side for my bahn mi, thankfully they've never charged me extra for it.  I also like some hoisin sauce on my bahn mi, luckily we often times take our sandwiches home.  There's also a lot of Vietnamese deli items including various pastries, buns, rolls, and desserts but I always forget about them since all I do is focus on that BIG @$$ bahn mi menu every time I walk in there.  My order is easy, all I do is go, "3 #1, 1 #6, 1 #7, 1 #8, to go, extra veggies on the side please" and I'm done.  So easy, even an old Asian lady can do it!Dakao takes credit/debit cards but they prefer cash instead.  Service, even if minimal, is always quick and friendly for me.  Hit up Dakao Sandwiches if you want a big bahn mi for a mini-mi price!
3	i like this place, but not the hordes of pigeons that live on the roof, signage, and ledges of this plaza. i dunno if i want to come here to eat anymore. theres so much pigeon shit its overflowing to the sidewalk in some areas. isnt there a health code violation for this somewhere?
5	With a crisp, golden crust containing a fluffy white inside, the baguettes from Dakao are the perfect vessel for their banh mi.Despite their slender appearances, the sandwiches have the right proportion of bread, pickled veggies, meat filling, and pate. My order is usually the #1 House Special (which has a few kinds of cold cuts) or the #6 BBQ Pork. I love how each ingredient is just so fresh that you can taste it in each bite.Dakao doubles as a deli by selling spring rolls, fried sesame balls, and other Vietnamese foods. Among their drink and dessert offerings, you'll find that they have the traditional iced coffee and che. I have yet to try them, because I'm afraid that I'll butcher their names while ordering.Upon walking in, you'll notice there's no place to sit and that it's primarily for take-out. If anything, you can drive down to Desert Breeze Park on a nice day to have a quick picnic. As a general rule of thumb, you're better off using cash at a small Asian establishment like this.Buy five sandwiches, get one free? You could try the whole menu with that deal!
4	Solid 4 star...due to price and taste!This place is a true hole in the wall...inside the corner of a mini mall on Spring Mtn, in the same parking lot as Pho Saigon 8 and BBQ King!Starting off with price and value, this place is awesome. The sandwiches are about $3, and they are filled with plenty of goodies and yummy meats. The sandwiches are fairly large, and one banh mi should fill a normal person up, maybe with a drink and something else on the side. I made the mistake of ordering two since they are inexpensive, and almost ate both because they were so good!  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dakao-sandwiches-las-vegas?select=31yJvfSRysdpLR-XyYTwfw#31yJvfSRysdpLR-XyYTwfwI heard the bread here is made fresh every 45min....It was very good,with a slightly crispy/crunchy outside but soft and tasty on the inside.I tried the #6 Banh Mi Thit Nuong (Grilled Pork) and #12 Banh Mi Bo Nuong (Beef Steak) with a Thai Tea in the bottle! I think I preferred the taste of the beef here vs the pork, but the Pork sandwich had all the good veggies and a bit more flavor overall in the sandwich! The thai tea was good and cheap at a little over a dollar a bottle!  Closeup on Beef : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dakao-sandwiches-las-vegas?select=Y6Uvy-r9B-uNLl6zJYt3Mg#Y6Uvy-r9B-uNLl6zJYt3Mg  Closeup on Pork : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dakao-sandwiches-las-vegas?select=CnVprCR56D32cy2w5DN72g#CnVprCR56D32cy2w5DN72gOnly a tiny table with three chairs to eat...so this place is a to-go kinda shop.  I can definitely see myself ordering a bunch of sandwiches here for a party!I think this whole meal including the drink ran me around $7-8, so definitely check it out for some cheap eats!
4	Small little place in the corner of the plaza, next to Sunfood Market. Best place to buy meats to make your own Banh mi at home. Price has rose up a little since the last time i bought it but still not too bad. Approx $6 each roll of meat now. They also sell banh cuon, nem, banh mi made in store, their own bread, and some other things. Cash or credit card is accepted.
4	Lunch time and we were craving a sandwich! I remembered reading about Dakao so we gave it a whirl. It's in the corner of an unassuming tiny strip mall. You hardly notice it driving by.I tried the vegetarian option, my boyfriend, the beef  - it was quite interesting.For those of you that are offended by strong flavors then its not for you. We thoroughly enjoyed our lunch, left satisfied and it didn't break the bank. It is a no frills, simply put, Vietnamese take on hoagies. Nicely toasted french bread with a nice selection of fillings. Must have the coconut jello too, the look does not do it justice!It was yummy!!
4	The banh mi here is good, not great like places in OC. The bread and vegetables are fresh. They load too much meat in the sandwiches, which maybe some people will like, but it really should be a balance to be a great sandwich.
5	You can't call yourself a banh mi master until you have paid tribute to this temple of divine eats. Okay, so it really looks like a hole in the wall joint but that's where you gotta go sometimes to find the magically and spiritually liberating kind of stuff. Which other banh mi place can boast they make their own bread? THEIR OWN BREAD??? A good banh mi is only as good as the bread that it is incased it. Not many and don't give me lip about general lee's fakewich down the street either. If you want the real deal, you got to dig deep. Sandwiches range from 3.25 - 3.75. This place won't break the bank and the sandwiches are a foot long. EAT THAT JARED. No, literally. Eat it, it's good for you. Another amazing thing about them is that you buy 11, they give you the 12th free! SCORE. with 12 different kinds of banh mi and even a vegetarian to boot, who wouldn't want to give this place a shot? If it seems I am over zealous about this place, I promise you I couldn't be zealous enough. If you love banh mi then definitely give this place a try!
3	They have quite good banh mi but their service was sux, 15 mins waiting for 3 special sandwiches and they gave the girls who ordered after us the banh mi first WTH?
4	the gf was hounding me to pick up some apple fritters at Ronald Donuts for Sunday " Brunch."  In that I planned to spend most of the day watching football ( tis the season ) I felt it was the least I can do for her so off to Ronald's I go !In that I was going to grow roots on a couch in about an hour, a little pre-planning for my football snacks - I'm on Spring Mountain, figuring to buy some sammies - I choose Dakao and Roma across the street.Dakao is busy - I order the BBQ pork banh Mi ( $3.25) - slight increase in price since my last visit.  Sammie is prepared quickly, out the door I go quickly to hit Roma across street.  I did notice the sammie looked somewhat smaller than the last time I was thereHalf time of first game, time to nosh - yes, the sandwiches have definitely shrunk but still a decent amount of filling - perfect ratio of veggies and meat.  Overall, a tasty sammie ! pics attached
4	If you're new to banh mi, you're probably going to Lee's. When you've decided you're tired of their bread hurting your mouth and the cheap ingredients barely filling any space in said bread - you can upgrade to Dakao.We may have over-ordered a bit. Pork and chicken banh mi, sesame balls, some ground meat with rice... stuff, and a coffee. I assure you almost all of it was devoured. The chicken was impressively clean, white meat. It actually tasted really good. This was surprising as usually chicken is just... chicken. But it tasted like a legit roast chicken. That may have been the most run-on and redundant bit I've ever written. The pork was also tasty. The sesame balls, a little underwhelming. Coffee was punch-in-the-face strong. The rice/ground meat dish? Alright. It was something to fill space in our stomachs.Total was under $20. This is a fantastical deal for quality eats.
4	When I crave for Vietnamese banh mi in Las Vegas , I usually come here.  Lee's sucks and Hue Thai is ok.
5	The bread was so good! Nice crunch. Tastes very authentic. Love it.
4	The Skinny: great sammies but everything else is okay (4) it is hole in the wall joint with counter service and it is really a takeout place - there is only a single table to eat at (3) given the quality of the sandwiches and value,  it is our go to place for our banh mi fix (4)My hubby does not like Vietnamese food in general... with the exception of Dakao sandwiches.I have always thought that banh mi was a really fusion dish from the get go -  French bread with Vietnamese styled fillings like pickled daikon/carrot, pate,  marinated grilled meats and assorted cold cuts. At Dakao's, it is truly the best representation of both worlds. For me, the bread has to be legit French baguette which means crunchy and light on the outside, soft on the inside. Dakao's bread fits this description. If you are looking for a soft bread,  this is not the place for you and you will be sorely disappointed.I love the house special which is the classic cold cuts and pate. The hubs' usual is the grilled pork sandwich which has a nice smoky flavor. I have also tried their grilled pork meatball which is also quite delicious. For a sandwich of this caliber to be less than $4, it is one of my favorite cheap eats in the city. The only thing about the sandwiches are they need to be eaten ASAP given the delicate bread in combination with moist fillings. So we usually pick these en route back home from a Spring Mountain expedition for groceries. I also purchase their siobao which are the steamed pork buns with the boiled eggs inside. My only complaint about these are the steamed bun park could be a little less dense. Otherwise they are a nice quick affordable meal for $2 each. The spring rolls are alright -  there is a little too much rice vermicelli and not enough vegetables for my taste. If it was just sandwiches, this place would be an easy 4.5 starred joint. But their other stuff is just okay for me so it rounds it down to a 4 starred review.
3	In my ongoing struggle to find truly good Vietnamese food in Las Vegas, I finally made it out to the supposed best sandwich shop around. I ordered the Banh Mi Dac Biet (house special) and the Banh Mi Thit Nuong (grilled pork). Both were $3.25.I ate the Thit Nuong on the night of purchase, and I saved the Dac Biet tonight. The latter held up nicely after a quick toast in the oven, which is a pretty standard result.I won't really go into too much detail on the sandwiches. The components taste nice and seem fresh, but I don't think there's enough meat, pickled veggies, cilantro, or even jalapeno. In other words, it's kinda like Subway but with fewer veggies. The overall result, unfortunately, is that the sandwiches are not very filling, and they leave you with bread as the main after-flavor.Maybe I'll check out some of the pate chaud or banh bao on the counters if I'm ever in the area again. Otherwise, I'm going to wait for something good from California (and no, Lee's Sandwiches does not count).
5	Out of all the vietnamese sandwich places I've been to, this is the BEST! I only order the banh mi dac biet (special) however. It's just perfecto. I highly recommend this place to those who love (or hate) to eat banh mi (vietnamese sandwich).
5	the sandwich is authentic :), nice one
5	In my opinion, I prefer Dakao Sandwiches over Lee Sandwiches for the following reasons:+ shorter wait (Lee's Sandwiches can take up to 30 minutes in line plus waiting for the food - I never understood why. It's not fairly cheap and great tasting.)+ tastes better (I usually order a combo sandwich and the meat in this sandwich tastes so much better at Dakao).+ they sell other various vietnamese meats and foods as well. It's the fresh kind of stuff and not the packaged things.+ buy 5, get one FREE!
5	Omg. This place looks so sketchy from the inside and outside but the banh mi was delicious!!!! The bread is amazing. Doesn't look like your typical banh mi bread, but their bread are homemade. Delicious. It was so good I couldn't post a pic. I ordered number one with a sunny side up egg on it. Must try it.
4	The sandwiches are great, and the prices are okay (got to have the b5g1free deal for it to be worth it), but they skimp on the veggies.I ordered 12 sandwiches (2 were free) to take back to California with me (no foie gras in Cali), and like other reviewers stated, the sandwiches are thinner than typical viet subs. The meats inside were absolutely delicious, but the veggies, which we got separately because that's how we order when we do a bulk order, were lacking in quantity. We have about 5 sandwiches left in the freezer, and we're out of veggies! I guess we should have planned it out better, but most places give more veggies than Dakao. The bread is top-notch though. Perhaps next time, I'll split up my order into two 6 sandwich orders and hope to get more veggies. Or, I'll ask them for more veggies.Unlike a lot of other Asian places that deal in cash money, Dakao charges sales tax, so I opted to pay via credit card... I had the cash handy if they were going to give me a cash price without tax, but no worries! I'll be back next time I'm in town.
1	What a shame.... This place has really good sandwich but talk about service. I'd give their sandwich a 5 star but their service a -1 so a 2 star is pretty generous. Front lady who's probably the owner, on the phone 80% of the time while I was waiting for 6 sandwich. Seriously? Half an hour for 6 sandwich? The 6th free one is NOT worth my time waiting. Been here before and know the service is slow but this is by far the worse!!! Last time and never again!!!!
5	Great fresh spring rolls! The sandwiches are really tasty too. It's cheap and yummy.
3	Was looking forward to an awesome vietnamese sandwich.  They claimed the bread was made every 45 mins but mine was definitely hard and old.  Still... The sandwich itself was good and the spices were sharper than Lees Sandwiches which made up in part for the stale bread.Service could also be better.
5	A Vietnamese bartender from The Plaza put me on this place.I've been here 3-4 times and the sandwiches are great.  The bread is super fresh and the combination of flavors is unlike anything I've eaten before.  I don't know what all is in the #1, and maybe I don't want to know.Speaking of which, I can't say I'm a big fan of the nem chua.  Fermented pork.  Ugh.
4	Amazing location for a good and cheap lunch. I tried out their house special sandwich for lunch and it was delicious. The sweet pickles and extra hot sauce made all the flavors come out in every single bite. I did try their bbq pork sandwich as well, and I found it bit sweeter for my taste. If you are in the neighborhood then you have to try out location. Side Note:They serve meats for u to take home an eat. Also, the prices on sandwiches are very reasonable, $3.50 for a footlong sandwich.
3	Stopped by here for a quick lunch before a haircut a couple of days ago. I was pretty excited to see that they don't only have banh mi, but they also have banh cuon, xoi, nem chua, and other Vietnamese specialties for takeout as well. We ordered 2 banh mi dac biet (the house special sandwich) and a couple of trays of banh cuon.The bread for the banh mi was really good - crispy but soft. The sandwich overall tasted fresh and well-balanced, not too salty. You do get more bang for your buck at Lee's (more meat), but I preferred the more authentic flavors and better balance of meat / veggies / bread here. The banh cuon seemed fresh when I bought it, but since I bought it to go and ate it for dinner later that day after putting it in the refrigerator and reheating it, I couldn't really tell you. It wasn't bad by the time I got to it. Just a heads up, there isn't really anywhere to sit and eat. We ended up going to Greenland market down the street and sitting in their foodcourt to chow down. It seemed like a lot of people called in their orders and just came in to pick up their food - seemed like regulars, too. The man working the cash register wasn't rude, but he was pretty unfriendly (not surprising, I'm used to that), but it just wasn't 4-star service. In this day and age of yelp, service is paramount and the food wasn't SO good as to be able to stand on its own. Next time I'm in Chinatown, I'm definitely going to stop by here to stock up on this taste of home.
4	Came here for the first time after reading Stephanie B's review of this place and I just had to come and try it myself!  I went a little overboard, I got two sandwiches, the grilled chicken and the pork roll, the banh cuon, and the tofu chinese sausage summer rolls.  Well after that first bite of the banh cuon, I am a fan!  Let start with the sandwich, the bread is exactly what french bread should be!  Crunchy and crispy on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside!  Each bite is a crisp bite filled with the sweet and sourness of the pickled daikon and carrots.  NOM NOM!  As for the chicken, it's not the usual chicken I'm use to in my Banh mi (chicken thigh), instead they use chicken breast, which is not my cup of tea, but to others this may.  The pork roll was pretty delicious!  They put a spread of pate on the bread topped with thinly sliced pork rolls.  The bahn cuon is just how I remember it to be when I had it in Hawaii!  It was so good!  Very peppery and tasteful!  Soft skin with a kick from the filling.  Top it with some fish sauce and sirrhacha, it is oh so delicious! Summer roll you say?  What is that?  Well to the people on the mainland, a summer roll is what you guys refer to as a spring roll.  It is the fresh roll that is non fried and stuffed with rice noodles, lettuce, thai basil, pork and shrimp!  Well instead of the original one I always get, I went for the unique one that was filled with tofu, carrots, daikon, dried shrimp, and Chinese sausage and boy was that good!  Great decision made!  I cannot wait to go back to this place and try more things!  Oh and their ice coffee is also really good!  Only $2 for a medium sized coffee!!  I think it's cheaper than the one at Lee's!  Taste just the same!  If not stronger! ;-)
1	My family and I ordered 4 sandwiches; 3 special and 1 thit nuong.  I was not impress, the bread was not crispy and fluffy.  It was rather stale and chewy. The expression from my wife and kids said it all when they bit into their sandwiches. Bored and a little disappointed just like the sandwiches.  I also ordered the Nam; which was $6 buck for 10 cubes.  To me that was well worth it.  Still getting a one star since we were very excited before we got there for the sandwiches and left very disappointed.BTW one table with only 3 chairs.  If you're planning to stay go elsewhere. Better yet I would go elsewhere going forward.
4	Absolutely the only place i would get a banh mi in my dear town of Las Vegas. Don't count on a 5 star dinning experience though, this is just your usual grab and go asian joint. DAKAO is the epitome of your tasteful mom and pop shop, a damn hole in the wall that could use some aesthetic remodeling but that's definitely irrelevant to the product delivered! My usual is the dac biet, the number 1. The bread is flaky yet never dry! Im especially particular when it comes to bread. In comparison to the much overrated Lee's sandwiches whose bread is super hard and dry! This place's bread is fresh flaky and moist on the inside. I mean c'mon isn't it safe to say the essence of the Banh Mi lies within the consistency and texture of the bread?! The only "un-kudos" for this place (hence the 4 vs 5 stars) is that i wish they'd give more meat, they're a little stingy with their meat but that'll never stop me from detouring here for my Banh mi cravings! Enjoy everyone! :)
4	Anyone that tells you that Lees sandwich is the best bahn mi GTFOH!! this is where vietnamese people and real bahn mi eaters go to get their bahn mi. their bread is unlike anyone and their flavors are awesome. i've tried the bbq pork i believe #8  the #1 and #2 those are my favorites.Also they offer stuff in this place like a big variety of asian drinks and stuff likebahn guan,bahn bao, siopao, which are also really good. another thing i see when people eat here is they always seem to order their  iced vietnamese coffee. I've had it but its super strong for me but if you like strong coffee this is what you want.Overall when i'm in the mood for bahn mi this is thee go to place.. everyone else is WHACK!
4	NO TABLESNot long ago, we use to get our haircuts at Ann Salon and it was uniquely convenient to pick up a Dakao sandwich to carry us over to dinner. We would experiment with different selections but we would always resort back to either Dac Biet, Bbq Pork or Grilled Pork. Yu-go loved the pate but It was just too pungent for me.Besides the banh mi, the Vietnamese coffee is Yu-go's favorite. It's equivalent to drinking jet fuel. LoL Dakao also sells prepackaged desserts and cold soft drinks.Unfortunately there is no place to sit and consume the sandwiches on site. Given the ambience, you might be better off taking it back to the office or apartment.
1	This place have refrigerated dessert only.  Coffee is too bitter. The place is dark and only one person working. Sandwich ia not tasty enough.
2	2 stars because the owner was nice & friendly. I went in about 2pm, place was empty so my food did come out rather quick. The bread tasted good, nice crunch to it but very thin, and on the small side. I ordered the BBQ pork & grilled chicken with extra meat (I always do extra) and if I hadn't it would seem to little of meat. The flavor of the meats were good but we were disappointed in the veggies. While the cilantro was fresh everything else was soggy and not fresh or crunchy at all. The biggest ding is there are no tables. You can't come in with friends for lunch this is a to-go only place. As for other foods in there, I must've showed up after the lunch rush bcuz there wasn't much in the cases or on the counter. With all of the positive reviews I expected much better. There's so many other bahn mi shops in china town that I'd rather go to. But obviously a lot of people prefer this place maybe I'm just not authentic enough lol
4	Really solid Bo bia and banh mi xiu mai. Reminds me of the banh mi shops back home in OC
3	House Special Dac Biet is where it's at! It's the only thing I've ever ordered here, because it's good enough for repeat visits. The price can't be beat: $3.25 for a footlong sandwich on crusty, fresh bread. And they DO accept credit cards, without a minimum!Interior is plain and reminiscent of a convenience store, with a single dine-in table and a few refrigerators of unlabeled products to buy, but I just stick to the sandwiches. Signage outside indicates their bread is fresh made every few hours.
5	I really like this banh mi! This is just a banh mi stand. You go in, get your food, and go. There is a card table set up with a chair, but I'm pretty sure that's for them to rest in between customers.   The older gentleman came out and spoke to me in vietnamese. I couldn't follow, but later I realized he wanted to sell me the last to sesame balls for $1. Damn the missed opportunity!!!! I had already bought three of them (for $2, I believe?) They weren't the best ever, but they were super duper tasty and reminded me of childhood. :)   I always order the Banh Mi Special. When I went, the bread it was on was perfectly crispy, but just this side of chewy, so perhaps not totally fresh, but it was fine for me, I like my bread that way. The ingredients were super fresh and it was tasty.   I worry they may not be very busy right now, and it would be a shame if they closed. I really enjoyed my banh mi. I usually by them by two, but I only bought one since I hadn't tried it before. I've learned my lesson.
3	I would have given 5 stars if they got my order right.  I wanted the pork loaf with pate sandwich but I got the head cheese with pate sandwich.  Since I didn't want head cheese, I wasn't able to enjoy the sandwich.  I also got the thin rice paper with pork loaf and fish cakes salad.  That was good but I really wanted the right sandwich.  When I'm in Vegas again, I will try this place and make sure they get my order right next time.
4	Great bahn mi sandwiches and great prices! This is a pickup and go place, no dining area.  We also had the yucca cakes which were really, really good.
1	This spot pails in comparison to the one in Garden Grove. The exterior and interior areas are DIRTY! It turned me off that I wasn't even willing to eat a Banh Mi Sandwich from this place. My nickname for this spot is Dakaka!
1	Went to this place today, ordered 6 banh mi and we had to wait for 1hr n there was only 1 person ahead of us. they didnt even have the decency to let us know that they were out of banh mi
4	They are very proud of their bread here, which is advertised as a new batch every 45 minutes (as I recall... anyhow, baked fresh throughout the day). If bread is the main thing about a bahn mi to you, you will be happy. It explodes in a shower of crumbs and after I ate my two sandwiches sitting on the floor at the airport the rug looked like it had snowed.But if you're into fillings as I am, you'll be disappointed. They are pretty meager. I had the #1 dac biet and #7 pork and pork skin and both were very very slim on the meat and sauces and not much more generous with the vegetables. I also asked for it "extra spicy" and my sandwiches barely registered on the Scoville scale.Net net, I'm giving it a 4 rather than a 3 (my true score) because the bread really is special, and the price can't be beat.
