2	The Green Valley Ranch Spa has a wide variety of spa services which is impressive.  With the high prices, I expected exceptional spa services, but my expectations were unfortunately not met.  I had a foot reflexology massage which I didn't feel was accurately portrayed in the descrption of spa services.  It was described as a 50 minute treatment which was focused soely on feet, but at the end of the treatment, I didn't really feel like my feet were adequately indulged.  The seaweed wrap didn't seem to do anything for my feet.  I felt like there was too little time actually spent on the foot massage portion.  For $145, at least 30 minutes should be spent on the actual foot massage.  The spa itself was nice but not super luxurious.  I wasn't told about all the different areas and amenities of the spa.  Also, the air conditioning was turned on too high in the waiting area so it wasn't very comfortable.    All in all, it wasn't a bad experience but I didn't feel that it was worth my money.
5	A perfect way to spend your birthday is at the spa, and that's what The Husband wanted for his birthday.  Choosing a weekday meant the spa would be empty, and it really was.  The staff were very welcoming as we entered after parking in the private lot in the back.  (This way you don't have to walk through the casino and hotel to get here.)Arriving early, we both settled in at our respective lounge areas, reading a magazine and grabbing a cup of tea.  When the attendants came for us, they brought us to the couples room for our treatments.  The room was on the same level as the pool, but hidden away.  It was a very nice size room and I only wish we had more treatments that would have allowed us to use the bathtub and outdoor shower.We both had the Stone Massage "This light-pressure therapy combines traditional Swedish massage with use of warm, polished basalt stones strategically  placed on the body to promote circulation, boost the immune system and soften skin." for 80 minutes of pure bliss.  It was just lovely.  Our two therapists had slightly different techniques, but we both left very pleased with our treatments.We had initially wanted their Shirodhara Hot Stone Massage and Shirodhara Scalp Experience, but were told when booking that they are still training the therapists in these types of techniques.  We were a bit bummed about that.After our treatments were finished, we sat outside by the spa pool and lazed around on a cabana.  We also ordered lunch (portabello mushroom burger and mini chili cheese hot dogs) along with some pricey alcoholic drinks.  We swam in the lap pool, sat in the steam room, jacuzzied, and eventually headed back downstairs to the spa.We then spent time in the co-ed areas, which included a lounge room, an outdoor area, and a jacuzzi.  This is one of the best things about The Spa at Green Valley Ranch Resort - their coed areas.  Yes, some people could care less about this stuff, but for us, we were looking for areas where we could spend time together and this spa offered those spaces.There is a co-ed fitness center available if you're so inclined too.Back in our own locker rooms, I enjoyed the jacuzzi, the steam room, and the lounge. I even tried out this machine that vibrated my body that targeted different regions.When we were done, we felt quite relaxed.  It was a good day for us.  Yes, it can get a bit pricey, so check out their website for rotating promotions going on.  When we went, it was Buy One, Get One Free.  So that was a nice perk.  Nevada residents get 30% treatments right now too.4.5 stars
5	My ashiatsu massage was the best 80 minutes of my life. For those who are unfamiliar with the technique, it is the one in which the masseuse uses his or her feet and body weight for pretty much the entire massage. I wasn't exactly sure what I was signing up for when I did, so being that I kind of despise feet I was a little taken aback. But I rolled with it anyways, and actually, it doesn't feel like feet at all. Even once you roll onto your back, they give you a towel to put over your eyes so the obliviousness continues lol.The atmosphere inside the spa is great. It's fully equipped with a steam, room, sauna, jacuzzi, and great showers that have one of those large showerheads on the ceiling to make you feel like you're bathing in rain. They also have this turbo sonic whole body vibration machine that I became fairly obsessed with during my stay. Who knew you can burn 150 calories by merely vibrating for ten minutes... Brought an additional meaning to the fact that vibrating is my favorite part of the day ;)My masseuse was Chris. He was very professional, very nice, and a fantastic masseuse. I HIGHLY recommend him. For those uncomfortable with a male, I have heard great things about Julie as well.
4	Gorgeous facilities.  I have started getting my pedicures here a few months ago.  With the 30% locals discount it is not much more than the cheap-o places and is an all-over better experience.  The last time I went I got an 80 minute massage also.  The massage was excellent and the therapist really focused on my shoulders like I asked her to.  The only downside is that they booked my pedicure right after the massage so I did not really get to use the hot tub, sauna, etc. because I didn't want to ruin my pedicure.  I will ask for my appointments to be spread out next time.  TIP:  bring flask of vodka to spike cranberry juice with.
4	This review is for the Salon part of Green Valley Ranch.  The spa & salon is located next door to each other.My mom wanted us to get pedicures together.  I called 3 salons (the day after Thanksgiving) and everyone was booked.  I found the salon online and it was rated as The Best of Las Vegas 2010.  I called and we were able to get in at 2pm.This was my first time at GVR.  I parked in the parking garage and trekked through the hotel and found ourselves outside at the pool area, following the signs to the Spa & Salon.  After getting lost, we saw this all glass building that overlooks the pool- that was the spa & salon.  Even after working up a sweat trying to find this place, we still arrived about 10 minutes early. (-1 star for lack of directions to this place!)  We got to pick out our nail color and then took us back.The chairs were really comfortable.  Leather, massaging chairs that felt great.  We got the Traditional Pedicure, with the 20% off local's discount, the pedicures were $64 each.  Definitely worth every penny!  They massage, scrub, trim, file, put all kinds of great lotions, etc. on your feet.  The pedicure is about 50 minutes and you are totally relaxed after it.We then had to walk allllll the way back through the hotel to the parking garage.  I wish I would have read some reviews on here, to see they have a private lot.I will definitely back.  Hopefully next time for a massage!
2	I've waited for years to try out this spa and I've always thought this hotel was so beautiful. After seeing the pool area I was in awe. That was until the signs lead me the wrong way, couldn't find the location, had them cancel/re-schedule the spa service, not have the robe in the locker that they key didn't open, wasn't stocked with the normal supplies in the locker room to get dressed... Was this place horrible? Not at all... but when you're paying a pretty penny to get pampered... you're expecting an unreal experience that has you floating on air. Oh and afterwards I was locked out and couldn't get back to the hotel. The spa is located by the pool outside the casino... really? design flaw if you ask me. the spa said guests prefer to be detached from the casino. why? you have to walk back into the casino regardless... 50 steps make that big of a difference? Yes! If it's hot, cold, raining... please don't make a maze to get there and back.
5	Been here several times (probably 6 times over the course of 4 years), this is the first time I'm writing about it.I've not had a bad experience yet, and I feel it's unfortunate that some of the other Yelpers didn't have a really great experience.Yes, it is expensive, but then I've been to other spas that charged about the same and didn't have as nice of facilities or amenities.Recent visit was on Thursday, Dec 30th.Being a local, I love that the spa is not "inside" the casino/hotel and that it has its own parking lot so that I can easily access it off of Carnegie.  I indulged in the Chocolate Body Wrap and a 25 minute add-on massage.  Result = Absolute Bliss.  The Chocolate Wrap wasn't as "chocolate-y" as I thought it would be ... but it felt sooooo goooood!  Steve did a great job with the scrub and massaging and wrapping.  At one point, I think I fell asleep I was so relaxed.  Cynthia did my massage and she has amazing hands.... given a bit more time and I know I would have been pudding in her hands.The facility has a number of great attributes which really work for me.- modern and quiet gym overlooking the spa's private pool area- roomy locker area with big square benches to sit on and a separate curtained area to change- steam room- dry sauna- energy / vibrator thing that amazingly relaxes and stimulates your muscles all at the same time, and you feel energized when you get off of it- private "women-only" jacuzzi- co-ed jacuzzi- quiet outdoor sitting area with fireplace in the co-ed area- showers with the rainfall shower head- they provide soap, shampoo, conditioner, body lotions, toothbrushes, tooth paste, razors, mouthwash, hair dryers and other items that I just can't remember- waiting area with water, tea, juices, granola, nuts, pretzels and fruitI'll definitely be back.  It's a great place to have some quiet-time and have the knots-of-life worked on and massaged until you feel all loose and peaceful.
5	I take my mom to a spa every Mother's Day weekend and after going to Mandalay Bay for three years in a row decided to change it up with a staycation/spa weekend at GVR. Don't get me wrong, Mandalay is fabulous, but just looking for something a little different and the spa at GVR was the perfect fit.I have a hard time relaxing and just sitting in a steam room choking on eucalyptus scents and praying that the next person who walks in a) does not decide to invade my personal space and sit next to me and b) doesn't let the words "steam room" give them the confidence to arrive in their birthday suit, a suit that spa strangers should have the right to veto.Anyway, my point is, I give two stars to this spa for the simple fact that it has a private pool that you can access with a minimal spa treatment (not sure if it goes the same for salon treatments). This was sweet relief to my anxious mind to know that I could relax in the best way I could by the pool and not in a "quiet room" where phones aren't allowed (I won't apologize for the inability to be disconnected from mine) and where you might be engaged in conversation by strangers who have no interest in the obvious social cues you're projecting that are telling them to not talk to you.Enough about my anti-social tendencies. The spa is gorgeous and really makes you feel like you've left town. They offer the standard massages and body treatments and some specialty "Green Valley Ranch" treatments that change with the seasons. Bonus, if you're a local you get a 30% discount MOnday-Wednesday and 20% off the rest of the week. And there's no awkward "I don't know how much to tip situation because they add an automatic 17% gratuity which you can either retain or up if you really like your masseuse/aesthetician.The pool is small and can obviously get crowded on a weekend, but is the perfect place to go an unwind for a mid-week ditch day when the spa isn't as busy. Overall, great experience and this is my go-to spa.
5	Wow-za!What doesn't this place have? Co-ed hot tub, pool area and cabanas- checkWomen's area Steam, Sauna and Hot tub - checkFitness Center
5	Although the prices are essentially strip prices, they do offer locals discounts (check the website, they change it from time to time, but it has been as high as 30% in the past!). Despite the high prices this is probably my favorite spa in Las Vegas!We had a really fabulous couples massage here in a beautiful secluded suite. The indoor pools and whatnot are prety standard but the highlight of this place for me is the OUTDOOR POOL. Ok I guess this really only applies if you come here in the spring, summer or early fall, but this spa has a beautiful outdoor pool that you can spend your day at after your treatments. It's child-free, quiet, and isn't a party pool so you can enjoy a blissful day here without the frat party crowd! The food and drink are a little pricey, but everything from the mojitos to the sliders are very tasty. There are beautiful beds set up everywhere and an all around great ambience. My husband and I had such a blast here after having our amazing massage. They have special dedicated spa parking so it's super easy to get in and out of. No smokers, no smelly casino, no huge parking garage. Park at the spa, get your high end spa experience and round out your day with an afternoon at the attached pool. My idea of a perfect Vegas day!
4	great experience. The spa was really clean and nice.
5	Went here 3 weeks ago since I was in need for a good massage from all the school stress. I used to be a member of Massage Envy back home and I wanted to try it again BUT I didn't to become a member again. I wanted something relaxing and not feel pressured afterwards. I got the 80 min Swedish Seaweed wrap which was $200 BUT since I was a local, it was $165 including the 20% gratuity. I must say that it was definitely worth it! I know, I know.. I am a poor college student but I like to splurge sometimes. I arrived at the spa 20 minutes before my appointment. The concierge was very nice and friendly. She showed me to the "room" where all your worries are set aside. The ambiance was right; I needed the tranquility and that was my solace. I requested for a male masseuse and let me just say that he was really good with his hands. He had the most softest hands I ever felt! Granted that I had male masseuse in the past but nothing compares to this one. I fell asleep and caught myself snoring for a bit. I am going back to the spa again for some R&R this week!
4	I went here for a Swedish massage and it was almost as good as the spas on the strip. Defiantly better spas on the strip but the money you save by going here is worth it. The massage was great, just not the best. The spa is very nice.
5	OMFG! If I were super rich and had money coming out of my butt, I would go here on a weekly basis. I normally don't patronize places like this because it's way out of my budget but since I had a gift card, I finally decided to use it (a year later!). I decided on the "Ultimate Facial." It was an "everything that they could practically do to your face other than using lasers or skin resurfacing stuff" facial. It was priced at $220 for 80 minutes. BUT...if you're a local, the current promo is that if you go there from Monday through Thursday you get 30% off! Friday through Sunday it's currently 20% off. Letting you all know, they tack on the 18% gratuity to your bills so you don't even have to tip your therapist as soon as your treatment is done. So I get there 25 minutes early so I can explore the spa. Sweet. Appointment was a 9am, I'm there at 835am. And apparently...I'm the only one there. Quiet. Serene. Tranquil. Good. Nobody to bother me. Once you walk in and check in, you're led to a staircase down where someone greets you with slippers and your locker room key. Once you're in the women's area, you don't even know where to begin. The locker room/changing area is like a very upscale locker room. There's even a changing room if you're modest and don't want to reveal your nakedness. In your locker and a soft plush robe waiting for you. In this women's area, there is a dry sauna, a steam room, a Jacuzzi and a lounge. In this lounge, there are assorted beverages which also include hot tea and coffee. There's also fruit and assorted snacks. The women's lounge area has fancy chairs and a couch and a bunch of magazines. This area also has really large shower rooms that are equipped with shampoo, conditioner and shaving cream. Their vanity area has individual dressing tables which have sanitized combs and hair dryers. The bathroom/sink area has lotion, soap, package toothpaste, toothbrushes, mouthwash, tampons, pads, and Kleenex. When you pay for a treatment you have full use of these amenities for the whole day. So I enjoy my bottled water, magazines and sit there and wait for my therapist. She shows up...at close to 9:10am. (So I'm early but she's late?) She greets me and leads me to her treatment room but in order to cut through, we tours me through the outdoor lounge area and the co-ed area (both empty and quiet). My treatment was fabulous. The facial itself was good. I have no idea what products she used, but my face was in dire need of a good cleansing and I felt she did a great job. She was very talkative but in a good way. You could tell she pretty much was responding to my big mouth. While I had one of my mud masks on, she then did a neck, shoulder, hand and foot massage. It wasn't bad, but it was okay. (I think I'm used to the pressure of the old Chinese lady and the foot massage place.) All in all, it must have been pretty good because she said I fell asleep as soon as she started massaging my feet. I regret not bringing my bathing suit and I regret not carving out more time to be there. Apparently, you can also use the swimming pool and if you want to make a day of it, you can even order food and have it delivered. After my therapist escorted me out, there was one other guest waiting for her therapist and...that was it. No one else. So I sat in the steam room for about 10 minutes, followed by letting my feet dangle in the Jacuzzi before I prepared myself to go home. Would I come here again? Heck yes!! But give me a gift card for it!! :D And yes, I would recommend this to locals. They love us (or at least that's what their marketing tells me!)Bonus: It's about 10 minutes away from my house.
5	Love, Love, LOVE this place!  I've been here at least 3 times and each time it has been an amazing experience.  The staff is really nice and very friendly.  Everyone has always been very helpful.  The accommodations and facilities are lovely and quite relaxing.  They have a private jacuzzi area in each locker room (men and women) and also a unisex area (if you came with someone of the opposite sex), so you can hang out together.  They also have a small gym area and a private pool section available to the spa's patrons.  The pool area has cabanas, food service and lounge chairs!  It's AMAZING!  It's the perfect place for a spa day!  It is a bit pricey, but it is a spa at a resort.  I agree with another yelper, if I were super rich and had money coming out of my butt, I too, would be here on a weekly basis!
5	Wow, what a great place!  I've been to my fair share of spas before and this one was probably the best I've been to.  As others have mentioned, they give discounts to local residents and they do tack on an 18% gratuity.  The staff out front was very nice and extremely helpful and the technicians were amazing.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in the area!  Additionally, they have their own parking area so you don't have to walk through the casino or hotel area.
5	I took my wife here for a spa day on our wedding anniversary. It was amazing the staff and facility at this spa are nothing short of flawless. We will be returning to this spa and will be recommending it.
4	In a word: SWEET. As with any spa, there's essentially a guy's side, a girl's side and a co-ed section. Since I can't comment on the girl's side, I won't. ;)As for the guy's side, how great of a place is this? Visually stunning. A lounge area complete with two flatscreens, steam room, treatment room, locker room, etc. And then an indoor/outdoor hottub area that also boasts lounge chairs and another flatscreen!Brilliantly conceived and it's all included in the Green Valley's resort fee, so no need to pay anything additional. The gym has everything you would expect or need, there's a separate dance studio area and a private pool area outdoors where you can also enjoy drinks/dining. Blessings to Heather, the pool-side server, who made sure my salad came out extra pronto because I had to get back to The Strip for an afternoon convention session.I highly recommend the Spa at Green Valley Ranch Resort.Trust me; I'm an Elite. ;)
4	The spa facilities are really nice and relaxing.  Much better spa facility than Vdara.  I had the best aromatherapy massage here.  Not only was my masseuse great, but they do a few little extras that I have not found elsewhere.  For example, they put a nice warm compress on your back while they massage your arms and legs.  Then when you flip over, they put a warm towel under your neck and a warm eye pillow.  It really adds to the experience. If you are a hotel guest, you do not have to pay for a spa day pass to just use the facilities.  Other spas can charge up to $50 for hotel guests who just want to use the facilities and do not want to get a spa treatment.  Would definitely come back!
1	For my parents 25 wedding anniversary i decided to treat them to a couples massage.  After reading great reviews on yelp i went down and prepaid and prebooked their massage at the spa.  Everything seemed great and in order until the day of the actual event.  My parents went down there for their treatment and apparently the date had been booked wrong by the front desk!  Instead of trying to work them in, or making up for the mistake the spa had made they told them to come back on the date they were booked for.  A MONTH LATER!!  I found out about this mishap and called right away.  They didn't offer any sort of compensation for THEIR mistake.  I eventually told them that i just wanted a complete refund because i was over it.  They then informed me that they don't refund gift cards (which is how you have to prepay for the treatment).  I ended up having to contact the president of GVR in order to get my money back.  I will NEVER go there or recommend that place to anyone i know.
5	Great facial!  Tina does a fantastic job and I felt pampered the entire time I was there.
5	What a great place. Friendly staff from the front desk to the lounge area to the actual therapists. Calm atmosphere, good amenities, and a really killer swedish massage. Not cheap, but worth every penny.
5	Just went to the spa for this second time.....already plotting my return.  Let's start by saying GVR spa hasn't won best of Las Vegas 4 years in a row for no reason!  This spa is spectacular.  The amenities include:- a plush robe and comfy rubber slippers for your spa attire- hot tea, bottled water, cucumber and lemon water, fresh fruit, granola, pretzels- all the latest mags for your reading pleasure- razors, hairnets, q-tips, blow dryers, curling irons, toothbrushes, lotion, mouthwash....- personal locker- amazing rain showers with yummy smelling products like shampoo, shower gel, conditioner and shaving cream- 3 jacuzzis-eucalyptus steam room- private outdoor pool with lounging options galore- fitness centerThe service is top notch.  There are loads of spa persons running around stocking clan towels and cold waters and so on.  They are so nice and friendly.  On my first visit, I got a facial, and on my last, a pedicure.  My girlfriend got a massage and claimed it was the best she's ever had.  BEST NEWS: 30% off for locals on weekdays and 20% off on weekends.  Massage ended up being ninety something.  Thats essentially the same price as a quickie massage place that does NOT include all the other fabulous amenities.  We spent about 4 hours in the spa enjoying all of the offerings.  I recommend going at least 2 hours before your treatment to take advantage and lounge and wander.  I cannot think of a better way to spend an afternoon with a girlfriend and leave feeling like a princess.   The spa smells amazing and calms you right from the entrance. With the locals discount, the prices are reasonable for what's included.  You must go!  Note to all men: purchase a spa treatment for the lady in your life here at the GVR!
4	As someone who has taken advantage of many treatments here, I really do recommend this spot especially for locals.  20% off Friday through Sunday and 30% off Monday through Thursday make this relatively affordable for a luxury experience.This is not the largest spa but it is very nice, detached from the crazy casino business and near the pool.  A day pass is $50 without service, but with service, all amenities are included: the fitness center, the pool, the private lap pool (currently closed for construction), jacuzzi, steam room, sauna, rain showers, toiletries, snacks, tea (Harney and Sons, included Japanese sencha!), waters, and towels.  In the spa I have enjoyed a 50 minute Swedish Massage with Kacey and a 50 minute reflexology with Theresa.The massage is medium pressure, on a heated bed.  I was able to ask for unscented lotion/oil without problem.  The reflexology included a seawood foot wrap (on one foot while the other gets reflexology of course), a peppermint hot towel, and additional massage.  Theresa also did a foot scrub because my feet are so dry.  It was very relaxing, laying on my back on the warm massage bed during this treatment.Last weekend my mother-in-law and sister-in-law enjoyed deep tissue and prenatal massages respectively and were very happy with their services.  This weekend, my mom had the GV Classic Package, which combines the 50 minute Swedish massage and 50 minute Classic facial for less money than getting both separately.  She loved her facial with Nikki and highly recommended it.I have also had a deluxe essential pedicure at the Salon with Isabel and an express manicure with Tami.  I literally had no time to get this manicure but I was desparate - my nails kept breaking daily in this darn desert (how about my alliteration!?) and I had to be somewhere an hour after my appointment.  Tami took care of my express needs.  I definitely want to go back to her and try the gel manicure next time.Everyone here is very nice.  Krystina is one of the spa attendants that is very friendly and remembered me from my recent visits.  All you need to do is flash your local ID before checkout to get your discount, but do mention it when you book.For your friends or family that stay at GVR, treatments at 8 and 9 AM are $100 instead of $135 for hotel guests.  If they have spa or resort credit from a hotel deal, they should bill the treatments to their room and will get the credits on the bill at checkout.  Remember, for locals there is a private lot for just the spa and salon off Carnegie - turn north onto Carnegie from Paseo Verde, pass the hotel drop-off entrance and you will see it on your right before Village View Drive.
5	My fiance had a conference in Vegas earlier this week, so we came out a couple days early to relax. I happened to see a Travelzoo deal for the spa at GVR so we decided to both get massages. I had never been to GVR but based on reviews here we decided to roll the dice, and I'm glad we did!I used the men's spa area as well as the gym, and we spent a couple hours before our service lounging by the very tranquil and relaxing spa pool. We also ordered a couple of food items and basically had a FANTASTIC day at GVR. The gym was well-appointed, including a decent variety of dumbbells, a smith machine, medicine balls, a pulley station, a variety of machines & a bunch of cardio equipment. The men's spa included a jacuzzi, steam room, sauna, showers, sink/shaving area, locker room, and lounge area with a couple of flat screen TVs, snacks, etc. Service in the men's spa was very good. The pool is surrounded by lounge chairs & daybeds, most of which are open seating. There isn't a TON of seating, so it might be wise to go earlier in the day if you plan to lounge by the pool. Although, there was decent turnover in the lounge chairs. There is also an outdoor jacuzzi. We requested our individual massages in the couple's room, which was great, and we both really enjoyed our 80 minute session. I was told you can rent out the couple's room as well (includes a large bathtub, shower, and looked like some private outdoor lounge chairs?). My fiance loved her massage and I thought my technician did a fantastic job as well.The spa at GVR was great for us as a couple because it allowed us to spend time together by the pool and not separate in the mens & womens spa areas. If you like to enjoy these experiences with your significant other then this is a nice touch. Overall, I found no major faults with the spa at GVR. The only thing that might concern me is in general the spa is small in comparison to some of the larger outlets in the Strip area, but that was not an issue the day we were there. We both walked away with a new appreciation for this more "locals" property & will certainly be back!
4	This spa is beautiful and clean. I appreciated that it was modern but not over the top. The 80-minute Swedish massage is the best I've had in a very long time (thanks to Steve).  My only negative comments are that it was difficult to locate the spa on the GVR property and that the dressing room and makeup areas were very small.  Otherwise, one of the best in Vegas!
2	If you are handicapped in almost anyway, especially walking and doing stairs....this is not the spa for you.  Plus....to me "spa" means getting pampered in a wonderful atmosphere....That is not going to happen here even though it could if they got their act together.  It is run by very young and untrained personel.  Once in the actual spa area we were not greeted and given a tour to orient us so we were on our own.  The clientelle were obviously not used to being in a spa atmosphere.  They were yelling, laughing, cell phoning etc.....As I was leaving I saw an attendent and asked if her name was "C", which was the name I was told would be our spa guide....it was she.....now where could she have been hiding for 2 hours that we could not find her.  Anyway.....in my opinion, not a good spa....I will stick to Canyon Ranch at Venetian.These 5 star posts are obviously not accustom
2	Thumbs down!  This place used to be great.  This was the first time I've been back in 4+ years, and it has gone way, way, way downhill.  You no longer get what you pay for.1st problem - check in.  The girl at the front desk said, "I have you down for a 50-minute massage."  I said, "No, I booked an 80-minute massage."  She laughed and said, "Sorry, I'm totally spacing out today!"  She wasn't actually spacing out, she was trying to read the subtitles on the "Sex and the City" movie that was playing on the TV behind me.  Whatever - unprofessional and not a way to create a good impression.Downstairs as my mother and I accessed our lockers, the attendant explained that the jacuzzi area would be unavailable until noon (our appointments were at 10am, we arrived at 9am for the *express purpose* of using the spa facilities).  It wasn't the attendant's fault, of course, but she went to great lengths to explain about how they had "done something to re-do the jacuzzi" and the guy who was supposed to do the chemicals had arrived late, so the water was still not okay to get into.  She finished up with, "You're lucky you weren't here yesterday, there was no jacuzzi at all yesterday!"  Sure, we could have accessed this space after our massages, but we had plans.  A polite phone call informing morning appointments of this omission from the expected amenities would have been nice.My massage therapist was the only GOOD thing about my visit.  He was really nice and did a great job overall.  Unfortunately, my 80-minute massage was CONTINUOUSLY interrupted by voices in the hallway.  I wound up in the treatment room immediately next to the female waiting area.  Every time I thought I had drifted into meditative massage land, it seemed like a therapist was leading another group to/from treatments.  It wasn't just the guests that were being loud - I could hear every word of conversations, therapists asking where guests were from, discussing plans, even attendants talking to each other while they wheeled carts around.  No one had the presence of mind to speak softly or ask others to do the same.  Thanks - really the relaxing experience I was looking for.After our massages ended, we both showered and changed to leave.  There are stacks of folded towels on the table in the locker room - I saw one towel on the bottom of a stack with a huge red blotch on it (obviously an icky stain of some sort).  I pointed it out to an attendant, the towel was still there when I got out of the shower.  I forgot a comb or hairbrush.  I asked an attendant for one.  She pointed to a pile of plastic-wrapped combs next to the vanity stations.  This seriously caused me to burst into laughter - this is the kind of comb Fonzi might use to slick back his hair.  I know zero females, except maybe ones with pixie cuts, for whom this comb would be useful.  It bent and twisted as I tried to pull it through my wet hair.  It took me 15 minutes to section apart my hair and comb it with this useless piece of junk.  This was really the final straw for me!The GVR spa used to be very luxurious and full of amenities.  They have cut back on the luxury, their spa employees are totally lackadaisical, but they certainly haven't changed their prices to reflect the level of experience they are willing to provide.  If I just wanted a massage, I could pay far less at a place like Massage Envy.  People go to spas for the entirety of the spa EXPERIENCE, which is sadly no longer part of the GVR spa.
5	This resort actually gets 10 stars, I apologize that there weren't enough stars above to give them this. Yelp should really fix that.If you love yourself, if you love decadence, if you love to be pampered then you better get yourself to this spa immediately. No, sooner than immediately...NOW.As plush and as glam as this gorgeous place is, it is completely absent attitudes and bad service. If there is a review stating something of this kind they obviously got the name of the place wrong. It is simply not true.I strode in wearing my finest gym wear, having just come from a grueling workout with a hated trainer of mine that shall remain nameless. So, I was sweaty, my hair was crazy, my muscles were beaten up and I looked like I had just been run over by a steam roller. It was then a huge surprise to be greeted like I was dressed appropriately for an upscale spa. I was shown downstairs, grabbed a key for my locker where a plush robe and slippers were waiting for me. The robe was a little small, but it was so comfy I didn't want to take it off and ask for a larger one. I had an appointment for a hot stone massage and a facial; microdermabrasion, to be exact. I had an hour before the massage and an hour between the massage and facial so I decided to take advantage of the rest of the spa offerings. First, the place is stunning. You feel so spoiled just walking through the beautifully designed space. The jacuzzi looks over a stone pool. There is a door to keep the steam out of the space and that makes it so nice. The jets in the jacuzzi are great for sore muscles. I also used the hot sauna (whew, so refreshing!), but the steam room was full so I decided instead to have some water and wander around. There is a common area, a side for the men and a side for the women. The shared area is gorgeous and has a huge jacuzzi to mix and mingle. There are also drinks that can be ordered (low-cal!) and food as well. All of it healthy and delicious looking. I didn't order it, but the menu was varied and full of great choices. Now, to the massage. If you have never had a hot stone massage I suggest you get one. I also suggest you use Chad when you do it. I fell asleep he was so good at giving the massage. I've only done that one other time in the history of my massage getting. Try him, you will not be disappointed!I got a facial from Ronet, I believe it was (I couldn't read the spelling, I hope I got it right). Wow. I knew microdermabrasion could be painful, but there was only once I had to stop. She is magical with touch! While I was going through the process I almost fell asleep with her too! She massages your arms and neck during the facial and it feels soooo good! She's also SO sweet! I really liked how comfortable she made me feel and how easy it was to get! My face glows today because of her! Thank you!I am a resident so I got an incredible 20% off, but even without that it was worth every penny! They can expect me back again and again!
4	Tranquility.That's the word that entered my head as I walked into the entrance of this spa. You hear the calming music playing in their courtyard before you even walk in the door.As you're greeted at the desk, you're met by this wall waterfall. Big display of beauty products to browse over if you're interested. You check in and move on downstairs...The facilities. This is what's included while you're here. The gym (fitness area), pool area, steam room, dry sauna, & whirlpool jacuzzi. I've been to some great spas, and this is pretty standard to provide for all customers. Green Valley is great for two reasons, how they upkeep their facilities and the wonderful little extra amenities they provide to make you feel pampered and spoiled. What I'm talking about is the nice soft robe and slippers you wear throughout your visit, complimentary snacks and beverages, including fresh whole fruits, pretzels, hot tea, & bottled water, a relaxing lounge with magazines, individual vanity tables & mirrors, & endless toiletries for your every need, from hairspray, mouthwash, body lotions, deodorant, shampoo, conditioner, you name it. Fresh towels in every corner, very spacious showers, with attendants attentively keeping everything clean. I definitely suggest everyone to come early or stay late to take advantage of all they have to offer. I relaxed for 1/2 hour before my scheduled seaweed detox wrap, sat in the dry sauna, relaxed in the hot tub. It was heaven. Almost lost track of time. I'm sure that happens frequently here.Rachel was my therapist for my wrap and she was amazing. She explained the treatment thoroughly so I knew what to expect and made me comfortable. A seaweed wrap included an exfoliating scrub, a layering of their self- heating seaweed mud, ending with a light massage as they applied the final hydrating lotion. Verdict? Your skin feels like a million dollars afterwards. The scrub takes off all those dead skin cells, leaving you with baby-soft skin. Seaweed naturally detoxes your pores and lotion hydrates them back as they massage it in gently. They have a variety of services to choose from. It is pricey, but using the facilities at your leisure makes it worth it for me. I think there's a local discount, 30% off during the weekdays, 20% off on weekends. Sweet! I'll be back soon, for sure. As I grabbed a hot tea on my way out to check-out, you couldn't help but feel completely relaxed and rejuvenated. I highly recommend it. We all deserve a little pampering once in a while. Green Valley offered a great experience!
5	Pure luxury!  I can see why GVR is consistently rated the best local spa and, having just moved to Henderson, I'm so excited that this place is MY local spa!  My husband and I have been here twice and we've only lived in the area a month and a half.  There are many other reviews that describe the spa to a tee, so I'll just say that this place is perfection!  The ambiance and design are so tranquil and relaxing.  Locals receive a 30% discount during the week and 20% on the weekend, and I almost feel like I'm STEALING the treatment.  Even if you're not a local, this place is worth it - I promise.
5	I got a massage/facial package as a gift and it was absolutely the best massage I've ever gotten.  I upgraded from a Swedish to a deep tissue, which was performed by Theresa.  She focused on my problem areas, was friendly, and the best masseuse ever.  I can't emphasize how awesome she was!  I felt like a new woman after my massage.  Then I had a great facial with Tina!  Both nice ladies and made my experience at GVR Spa just spectacular!!
5	Although this may not be as luxurious as other spas on the strip, it makes up for it with the peace I found while spending my time at this spa. As soon as you park  (they have a private lot just for the spa), you already feel like you are not at a loud crowded smelly casino. Instead it is quiet, clean, and you don't see any people in sight. Just what I was looking for. The check in process was quick and easy. I loved loved loved the pool they had just for people at the spa. This was by far my favorite part. Not having my own pool and hating public pools at the gym and casinos because they are crowded, I truly enjoyed every moment of this pool experience. I had the pool to myself the couple times I went to this spa all to myself. It was heaven. I wanted to get out and sit at the cabanas for a bit, but was thinking what if someone comes, better enjoy the pool while I can. Now, it is not always this way. I did see couples or friends come and spend some time at the pool area while I was at the gym, but the "quiet" theme was in effect here much more than my other spa experiences at the strip. I think these were more locals from what I could gather. The massage I got was good but not amazing. Just average to what I normally would get elsewhere. I just hope this good experience will always be what it is like each time. By the way, during the summer time you can hear the music playing at the main pool, so you might want to take this into consideration when booking a time to go if that bothers you. Love the locals discount!
5	Came in for an 80 min Deep Tissue Massage and it was amazing.  I get massages every other week and my massage therapist Ivan? (I think that's his name),  was great and very professional, definitely would request him again.  Honestly wish I could go back sooner but LA is a bit of a drive :/,
3	I have been to this spa 6 times in the last 18 months. I continue to go because my therapist, Steve G., is awesome! I always get an 80 minute and a few times have added a sugar scrub. Worth the $ every time! If GVR was closer to my side of town, I would not go anywhere else for massages. However, since I live on West side, I have tried other places in Summerlin, I have not been successful in finding a similar therapist.So, after raving about Steve (5 stars), why the overall rating of 3 stars?  I think the zen-like spa feeling you may expect has been diminishing. I think Red Rock spa still has this feeling (so does Qua at Caesars and Aria on the Strip), however, GVR, seems to be filled with louder clientele who seem to be in "packs" of women, who seem to think their spa day and how they want to spend it, is more important than anyone else there. The last two visits to GVR were not what I would describe as a "relaxing" spa day. It also appears that the spa attendants accept all the noise, and shrieking laughter and yelling by clients/women as another day at the office. So that gives the place a 0-1 rating, thus averaging a 3 star spa.
4	I was lucky enough to enjoy the spa facilities while a family member stayed at the hotel. The outdoor pool for spa users only was great, as was the jacuzzi in the locker room. There was a feeling of tranquility at the outdoor pool, created in part by the relaxing music played. The parking lot for the spa was full, and I had to park on the street. The private entrance to the spa is great, but it's pretty well hidden too. This is a great place to spend a day.
3	This was overall just a "meh" experience for me. I needed a massage and figured I'd spend the money that I would have spent just on a massage getting access to the spa facilities as well. I love a steam room. The facilites are nice and all, but not wowing by any means. The detail wasn't there with getting trash out of the way, and I had a hard time finding someone who worked there a lot of the afternoon. The massage definitely left something to be desired---spent a lot of time pushing on my scalp and not a lot of time doing actual bodywork.Locals get 30% off Mon-Thu and 20% off Fri-Sun. Maybe I'd have better luck at Red Rock?
5	Walk in, chill out. That's what the brochure says and that's what we did. Suzy H. gave me a gift card to this spa for my birthday and, thanks to her, we spent a relaxing Friday morning here enjoying the facilities and getting facials. What a relaxing indulgence it was! I'm no expert on spas since I don't have the extra dollars in my budget for this kind of place, but I highly recommend it just based on this one visit. I'm sure there are other Yelpers who've been to many spas, but I'm not one of them. KUDOS:-Separate parking lot and entrance for spa customers. No need to walk through the casino and very easy access off of Carnegie. -Customer service was excellent, from the front desk to the folks giving us our lockers and a mini-tour, to my esthetician, Marla.-The fitness area/gym has great equipment including free weights that go beyond 50 lb. dumbbells, a squat rack, a Smith machine, Spinner bikes, several treadmills, and elliptical machines.  There is a separate outdoor pool for the spa with lap lanes, too.-The women's area has its own sauna, steam room, and jacuzzi.  We arrived an hour before our facial appointments so we could take advantage of these and hung out in the jacuzzi, catching up and relaxing.  Because we booked early appointments, Suzy and I had the place to ourselves. I loved the rainfall shower and each shower has shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and even women's shaving gel.  -Everything you need or want in a women's bathroom is supplied:  body lotion, q-tips, combs, hairspray, hair gel, anti-perspirant, mouthwash, hair dryers, flat irons, as well as feminine hygiene products.-Fluffy towels everywhere! Comfy robes and slippers provided!-The quiet area has snacks, water, and tea available. -If you get a spa service, you can stay all day.  Or, leave and come back the same day.  I wish I had the time to just lounge around there, eat lunch, hang out by the pool, and take another rainfall shower--maybe next time!-Locals' discounts:  Mon-Thurs, 30% off, Fri-Sun, 20% off.-I got the Green Valley Classic facial, which was about 50 minutes long, with Marla coming to fetch me promptly at 9:30am, my scheduled appointment time.  Cleansing, steaming, exfoliating, massaging of the face as well as neck, back, and arms, a mask, and also falling asleep for a few minutes on my part all happened--good stuff!GRIPES:-Extractions!  Ugh.  This is why I don't like facials.  Once the needle comes out, it is no longer relaxing, but I know it is part of the service.  This is not GV Spa's fault; it's a facial fact.-No cell service.  The spa is underground, so neither Suzy or I could get our phones to work.  We had to check-in on Yelp after we were done--what a travesty!  (I'm joking, ok?) But, really, there's no service down there, so if you can't live without that for a couple of hours, you've been warned.I had a very relaxing two hours at the spa with a great friend and I can't wait to return some day--thanks, GV Ranch, and thanks, Suzy!
5	Upgrade to 5 stars!I made a return visit with my good friend, Terri R. Even though I had been there before, there were some pleasant things I didn't notice before. Plus, they still provided the great experience I do remember, that earns them this star bump!The staff is as helpful and friendly as can be. From the receptionist to Nikki who gave me my amazing facial.Amazing clean and elegantly kept. You can enjoy the jacuzzi in your locker room, or head to the one in the co-ed area. I think this is great, since many couples love to enjoy the spa, yet you have to be apart most of your visit. There's even a private room adjacent to the jacuzzi area where you can order and enjoy lunch!There's a private pool area for just the spa patrons, a nice touch for people who want more peace and quiet apart from the main casino pool.How could I forget - rainfall showers!If you book a treatment, you have in-and-out privileges to the spa all day! You can leave and come back later, even as a local. I didn't plan on it, since I had errands to do that day, but boy was that idea tempting!I do think prices are competitive with casino spas, yet definitely higher than local massage salons. However, after you get your wrap or massage or facial done, relax in their comfortable robes, get off your phone and enjoy some tea in their surroundings, it's worth it. Definitely!Locals: 30% discount Mon-Thurs. 20% off Fri-Sun.
4	Just went back for a facial and several hours to get lost in spa serenity. The day was nice and the treatment was good but the spa is slipping. I have to take away a star for some unfortunate details. After all, the details are important! In lieu of the usual satiny spa robe with a pretty embroidered logo, I got a terry robe with ripped loops and no belt. I can't walk around comfortably with my tea and magazine whilst holding my robe closed. Boo. Also, no more infused water.  Only bottles. Where is the refreshing lemon and cucumber waters? In addition, the magazine selection was sub par. I still love this spa and I'll likely return but I might check out some others to see if I'm missing out. Get it together GVR! I expect greatness.
5	With weekday locals discounts and quieter evenings, you can spend time at the Green Valley Ranch Spa and hardly see anyone.  I have often been here where I find myself practically alone and that is how I prefer to have a spa experience.  They have a lot to offer - including a beautiful spa with; steam room, sauna, a huge hot tub, rain head showers and a relaxation room, a couples spa section, private treatment rooms, a workout facility and a private outdoor pool just for spa guests. You could definitely spend the entire day lounging around this spa.
2	I have been going here for years and while it is still a good spot to hit a massage or relax in the steam, the service seems to be lacking. I also noticed the last couple of times that the cleanliness of the women's areas were not kept up. The staff could have been more personal and inviting, I did not feel welcome when entering to check in.
1	I'm actually extremely disappointed. I am a local and went to get a month membership the other day to enjoy the spa facilities for the month. I was extremely excited because I had a walk through a few weeks prior and was pleased with what I saw. The two most important things to me ,aside from cleanliness and customer service, is the steam room and sauna. I purchase my membership head on down to the spa, again, very excited. I get my locker change and go sit in the steam room. This is where everything gets turned around. The steam room is cold! It turns on and then shuts off after 30 seconds give or take and then you sit there freezing. I came out with completely dry hair and skin. I then decided to jump in the sauna, figured it would be hot in there, nope! It's at a warm temp. I then call the lady over who's working and asked her what was going on she stuck her hand in the sauna and said it's kind of warm. Wait, what? Kind of warm? Saunas are supposed to make you sweat and steam rooms are supposed to make you sweat as well and wet. I asked her to check the steam room and she said it turns on every 15 minutes. I asked her if they could make it more frequent because it's cold in there and she just nope (with an attitude) and walks away. This is not what I was expecting , I was so appalled. I grabbed my stuff left and asked for a refund. I was extremely disappointed. If you're looking for a steam or sauna avoid this place at all cost!
5	This is the first time I've ever been to a spa, so I loved it! I love the unlimited access to the steam room, sauna room, jacuzzi, quiet room, and showers! I've never been to a spa, so I loved how they offered the basic woman necessities and bathing necessities--tampons, hair ties, hair brushes, blow dryer, shampoo/conditioner, body lotion, and other things! What's even more amazing is that I didn't have to pay anything extra. I believe the resort fee covers this awesomeness! Check out was at noon, but a wedding I had to attend wasn't going to start until 5pm. I was able to hang out (for that long!), relax, and get ready here!
4	This would have been  5 stars just a few little things robe in the locker was a medium fit me the way a dress would fit not the way a robe should,the attendant could only find a 2x it was huge but way more comfortable. Had to ask for a razor. They use to just have them out. Probably having to replace to often.Now to the best part, my treatments,I had a Swedish with Beth yes completely awesome I will request her again. Then a facial with Tina OMG my old 53 year old face is glowing. Locals get 30 percent off during the week. Totally worth it. I usually go up to the spa pool which is just for spa guests but it was windy windy so no pool for me. Great treat.
4	Love the local 30% M-Th.  The bathrooms could use a little extra TLC but the services and sauna were great.  Will definitely go again!
4	I came in for a massage and to enjoy the amenities with my husband. Here's why I didn't give 5 stars, during my tour, no one told me they had a pool or co-ed spa. I would have enjoyed hanging out with my husband since we had an hour before our massage and we checked in together, they wouldn't think to mention it? Having said that, this spa is beautiful, and if you're a local don't forget to ask for your discount.
4	My husband got me a gift card for the spa when I was around 39 weeks pregnant for Christmas. I saved the gift card and just got to use this It this week. I spent pretty much the whole day at the spa because it's the only time I got to take a day for myself out of the house since the baby has been born.  I got the hot stone massage it was so relaxing I almost fell sleep several times. I was very pleased that is what I chose and that I did 80 minutes. I love the facilities and I was definitely relaxed & felt the staff for the women's locker room was friendly & kept everything stocked up. My only complaints are they started putting everything away, shutting down the spa (locker room) & shutting the lights off when the spa wasn't supposed to close for another hour and fifteen minutes. I felt rushed out. There was hair in the drains & fake eye lashes in the shower at the end of the night.Employees up at the front desk standing around talking very loudly. Takes away from the experience. & one employee went to the restroom & I'm pretty sure didn't wash her hands after. Overall- great experience. A bit expensive.
5	I absolutely love this place!  Such a beautiful spa and a perfect way to relax and clear your mind. Their indoor/outdoor pool, steam room and sauna and their facilities are top notch. I love spending the day here to relax when I have downtime, but yesterday I actually included a treatment. I got a massage by Ivan and it was one of the best massages I've ever received. He worked on my problem areas and I felt like a whole new person when I was done. I will definitely be back and will continue to use the beautiful facilities!
2	Overall a mediocre experience was had at the spa at this hotel off the strip. My friends and I tried to book massages and the attitude of the front desk staff was minimally accommodating at best. After finally arranging some appropriate times, I booked a pedicure (hey, I'm on vacation...) and the more expensive deep blue massage for 80 minutes. I was not actually told the cost of the pedicure but I did know the massage was $235. I'm not complaining about the pedicure; she was efficient and did a nice job. The massage was something one would experience at a massage envy. Clearly she had no idea what deep tissue meant; sometimes too hard, sometimes non existent following the same pattern and ending at the same place over and over and over....I get regular massages and it helps my back but this was an 80 minutes waste of time. I have had spa massages before and at least they make you feel like you are spending wisely..attention to detail, asking me about achy spots and communicating. Now if this was a massage envy I would have left feeling like I shouldn't be cheap about massages..but $235!! I had to say something and the manager, who was polite, credited me 40% off the massage. Not wanting to bitch further I took it but it wasn't even close to worth the hundred and forty something I paid. I can spot inexperience and besides not offering me water when it was mercifully over, she put my glasses on my legs after she was done so that when I sat up they hit the floor..sigh. I knew it when she slapped some deep cold crap on my back and caressed my feet for ten minutes..The time I spent in the hot tub was nice and much more relaxing.
2	I realized after the fact I was charged more for services and swayed from getting the package deal I wanted because I was a local, and ended up spending a lot more money on a service.
