4	Great bar!! Cool crowd, wonderful service and great music!! A fun place to hang out late night. The specialty drinks were very tasty! Got a little to drunk and spent way to much money  =)We will be back!
5	We were there for New Years.Smallish local pub with great atmosphere, a short but good beer list and a very long, just as good cocktail list. The cocktails come in four sizes, lowball, martini, pint (yes pint) and mason jar. The jars are expensive (read $15ish), but well worth it if you can finish off a couple pints worth of well mixed drink.If you're at the bar, there's a bell hanging off the column behind you. Ring it if you're feeling generous and the barkeeps will pour everyone at the bar (not in the bar) a shot, yes, at your expense. I don't know how often this goes off on a normal night, but it chimed quite a few times new years eve.
4	We were supposed to meet up with somebody at this place at 9pm.  So...... we show up at 9:30 on a saturday night.This place is SMALL.  It took us at least a half an hour just to get in (and there were probably only 8-10 people in front of us in line)??? But they closely monitor the capacity so once we were in, we actually had a table to sit at.  And 2 mason jar drinks later, I had definitely gotten over any jetlag or tiredness I was feeling earlier!+ HUGE drinks (although they were sort of expensive. Probably comprable to what I would've spent at a regular bar)+ watching other people get trashed off their huge drnks+ having a place to sit the whole time- the very long wait to get in
5	Why my sister waited until my last night to bring me here is probably for my own safety.ANYBODY- do we have a bar in SF that serves up drinks in Mason Jars? If so, I will buy you a drink to tell me.This place ROCKS.  The most creative and delicious selection of drinks in huuuge jars- mojito probably my favorite.2 of these and we were under the table- can't wait to come back!
5	Best mojitos in Town. Worth taking the Mason jars size! Full of fresh mint and lime even during winter.
4	Their signature drink here is the mojito, which comes in a massive 1 litre mason jar and is probably equivalent to at least 3-4 drinks. My favorite though is the gin and cucumber special. At $15 a pop, you get what you pay for.Good music, mostly alternative rock.It's a small, very popular place, so it tends to get crowded. You might have to wait in line.Very close to the Montreal Jazz Festival if you need a break form the heat....or a break from the polar freeze during the other 7 months of the year.
1	I had a bad experience there last night.  I was refused service due to the bartender claiming that I looked impaired.  In fact I was sober, having drank 2 beers earlier in the night, and even he admitted that I sounded fine, but he said my eyes looked red (I checked in the mirror later, they may have had a slight redness to them but nothing noticeable).  Even after the bouncer told the bartender that we had just had a 30 minute conversation while waiting in line, and that I was not impaired, he refused to serve me.  I don't know if he was just in a bad mood, or if there was some discrimination due to the language I was speaking (English) or my ethnicity/religion (it's easy to see from looking at me that I'm Jewish).  But I will never be going back to the Distillerie.
4	The place is tiny, but the drinks sure aren't. Served in giant mason jars, drinks will run you $15 a pop, but it's well worth it. They're unique, delicious, and chock full of booze.I would be careful, though, to not have more than 2 unless you can really hold your liquor, and it's probably not a good idea to ever have more than 3. Also, I'd get there earlier rather than later, because seating can be hard to find.
5	As Bars go this place is a winner! Tourists not many, atmosphere might fool you. Giant cocktails extremely well prepared in mason jars will floor you.Now when I floor i mean both by the flavor and complexity, but also the size and booze. Yes there will be line outside and no the place will not be packed inside, but that is part of what makes this place awesome. Not over crowded, not over priced and definitely a place you can enjoy your night with out being packed in or fighting for a drink not that you will need more than 2!The large Mason Jar drinks are just "good"cocktails, they are amazing, they are creative and there served in Mason Jars how cool is that, like Canadian moonshine. The drink or at least the drink that brought me back a 2nd night was a cool-lime/ginboree: -take one large mason jar add ice-add gin-fresh lime juice-triple sec-simple syrup (i think)-and orange bitters-put cap on jar shake the crap out of it-top off with ice and ginger ale and serve!One of the best cocktails I have ever had!
5	One of the coolest bars around! This place serves many types of drinks but their speciality is definetly the cocktails served in jars! yes, jars! a pretty cool way of drinking and it has a pretty good amount of alcohol in it. A large jar will cost you just above $20 with tip. The bar looks really cool as well. Funky looking with blackboards and chalk.. a regular table next to a barrel that is used as a table.. a pretty chill place.
4	Strong drinks, good music, fun crowd! The bartender even ended up serenading my friend and I at one point. The wait to get in was a bit long and there wasn't that much seating, which is why it only gets 4 stars, but once you get inside, its amazing.
4	This bar was amazing. Flat-out amazing. I like the cozy ambience, the mason jars filled with alcohol that were the size of my head, the interesting drink selection and how good everything tasted.This place would get a 5 star rating except there was an insanely slow moving line to get in. Our friends were 5 people back and it took them an hour to get into the bar even though it wasn't very busy inside. I hate it when bars insist on having a queue outside when it isn't terribly busy inside.The massive, delicious mojito quickly helped erase any feelings of irritation about the line, though. Honestly, I haven't enjoyed a mojito so much for a long time. Por arriba, abajo, al centro y adentro!
4	What has six thumbs, 24 ounces of booze and three smiles? Some kind of alcoholic alien I would imagine but that's a strange thing to talk about here. The real star of this review is La Distillerie.Yays:Great company.Great bar staff.Sitting on full kegs with cushions on top.Creepy old dude getting shot down by drunken college red head.Good music selection.Cozy atmosphere and mood lighting.Bonus Yays:8 ounces of booze in a large mason jar.Spacious bathrooms.Nay:Bit of a macho turd working the door citing "maximum occupancy" as an excuse for not letting our friends in. Even if there weren't empty seats everywhere a quick scan might have counted 50 people in a bar that holds 75. I guess you have to look busy on St. Patty's though.
5	This place was really cool, my girlfriend and I were the only english speakers in here, definitely a place with lots of local flavor.  Huge drinks in those big jars were really cool, definitely a fun place to spend a few hours.
4	I love perusing the drinks list here and treating myself to a giant jar of goodness. It's expensive, but they don't skimp on the alcohol. This place is tiny, which means it gets full and loud very easily. Last time I was a bit annoyed when I could barely hear my friend who was sitting right in front of me. So if you're considering La Distillerie for, like, a first date, it might not be the best place to get to know someone. WHAAAAT? I SAID 'GET TO KNOW SOMEOOOOOOONE!'
5	Highly recommended.  They make very interesting drinks and the atmosphere is great.  It's the only place I know where you can get a mason jar of alcohol!This location is always packed!  I would suggest you try the location on Mont-Royal.  The drinks are just as good, but it seems to be larger, and takes a little longer to fill up.
3	I've been to the Ontario location multiple times and have had varied experiences. The drinks are always delicious and are quite strong. However, the mason jar drinks were raised from $15 to $17, an even $20 with tip, which is steep for one drink, even if it is so big. They usually play excellent music and it is a fun, cozy atmosphere. However, I have been treated poorly by waitresses and waiters for being Anglo. Also, the bar is tiny, so there is sometimes a line. Twice I have been pressured to leave even though we were there on a weeknight and some of the only few people in the place. With large, $20 drinks, we were taking our time, and I didn't like the feeling of being pressured. Overall, I will be back because it is a fun place with good drinks, but I definitely do not make a habit of going there due to the service and the expense.
3	Cool atmosphere with dim lighting, nice staff, good music and big drinks. Love the drinks they have there, new drinks on the menu each month.. and you never know what drink will be next, very creative. Pricey, but still a cool place to hang out with some friends on occasion. I've only been to the one on Ontario street and it is quite small, and there's always a wait to get in, and then unless your lucky, you end up waiting for a seat..
5	If you come to Montreal this is the must drink at place. Atmosphere is great. Staff is super friendly. Drinks aren't that expensive and of course the mason jars! :D We went there every night we stayed in Montreal. Loved the place.
4	How do you get a native California girl to stand in line outside in freezing February weather for 45 minutes?  Offer her a cocktail with Amarula, angostura, egg white, and root beer!  If you like root beer floats, you'll adore this cocktail (called the Rock'A'Rula)!  I wish I would have ordered two instead of trying some grapefruit concoction.  Not that the fruity drink was bad (it was great), but it wasn't as unique.The scene is definitely young ... at 28 I felt like one of the oldest people in the bar.
3	Bleh. La Distillerie is one of these places that you will always hear about in Montreal but please do not feel guilty if you haven't tried it yet. Not highly recommended.First, do not - DO NOT - take the risk to come and wait in line for a heavy rainy night. There comes the first con: the place is surely small and breathable thanks to the golden rule of one out = one in. You can wait a long time.Then once inside, surely the interior is charming (still feels like a pirate amusement in Disneyland at some point) but the atmosphere is quite common. Nothing special music wise for example. Certainly the drink menu is extensive but I didn't find their cocktail that good. Lots of different fruity flavors, too much hard liquor in it (a problem taste wise) and despite how many are there, I always had the impression of ordering fruit punch in empty jam pots - well actually that's cool I'll admit.Overall: too much enthusiasm for this decent spot. Go there freshman and invite low alcohol tolerance mates.
3	I visited Montreal for the first time this past week, and I had heard a lot of great things about this bar from yelp and from friends so I decided to check it out with my boyfriend. To sum everything up in advance, the drinks and atmosphere were great but the service was terrible, thus the 3 star rating.First of all, there was a 40 minute wait outside of the bar from a line with only about 10 people in front of us. At first I figured this wait was because the bar was packed but as we approached the front of the line we saw tons of people leave and the bouncer still wasn't letting people in, but just kept looking at the time on his phone. When we finally got in the bar it wasn't even packed or full, which was nice for the atmosphere but made me think that they keep the line looking long so that the bar looks more busy and exclusive than it really is.When we finally got in, it took the waiter 10 minutes to take our order, and then like 15 minutes to give us our drinks, and it seemed like he gave other people drinks who ordered after us before he gave us ours. I ordered the Hurricane, which was delicious and fruity and had just the right amount of alcohol. I loved the mason jar and the drink was large, and worth the high price of $8.50. We're american so we have different customs, so we were surprised that we had to pay for the drinks as we got them rather than getting a bill at the end. When we paid the waiter we didn't tip him right away because we weren't sure if we were going to order more drinks or not. Not even halfway through our drinks, our waiter walked up to us, kneeled down in front of the table and asked us, and I am quoting his EXACT words "Are you aware that you need to tip?" It was EXTREMELY rude and my boyfriend and I were outraged because first of all, no one ever NEEDS to tip, secondly his service was extremely slow, and we weren't even finished with our drinks yet! We were just planning on leaving the tip at the end! After this incident we believed that the waiter shouldn't even deserve our tip but we gave him one as we left the bar anyway. IT WAS SO RUDE! Terrible Service!!!
5	This is a great little neighbourhood pub, I must admit it is a summer spot for me because I like to go there and sit in the window seat when the windows are opened. Mojitos is the draw, they make a really good one with fresh mint, sugar crushed over ice, then they add the booze (in not so little quantities) and a splash of soda.  Served in a mason jar!  This is not the place to start and evening in my case, but rather after having eaten, the staff is friendly and the house rules written on the walls, confirm that this is a fun place to hang out.  A great place to meet with with friends.
4	There's probably little I can say about this place that hasn't already been said, so I'll go ahead and be redundant: the drinks are all very well mixed and worth the price.They also have a "mason jar" size version of many of their drinks, and at $17, that might seem pricey, but it's worth every penny. The mason jars are as nicely mixed/balanced as the normal size but they're so chock full of booze, that I would caution against drinking more than 3.This particular location is a bit small and can fill up quickly, but it's also cozy and a great place for a date.
3	went here last night for drinks with a friend,It's located across the street from cegep vieux montreal (i think) so it reeks a little bit of college hangout, and the crowd is young...A lot of the drinks, are served in mason jars which gives this place a little more laid back feel.The music is quite ambient however I didn't have to scream at my friend to be heard so I think that was good.We had a couple of drinks each, with peach, pear and passion fruit. none of them were great, but it was dark and lively place,, the waiter was friendly, and the ambiance was great I had a great time. But the drinks suck so one star less :Pwould go back with a group, it's a fun place :)
4	Great drinks, good prices, OK seating area...Good place to try out :) Keep in mind that it is quite small, and so sometimes lineups happen...
4	I had heard about this place for a good number of years and although Mojitos are my favourite drinks, and the reviews raved about their mason jars, I had been procrastinating to go forever! So here I was finally with the Queen Yelper Crystal and Megz ready to try the famous mojitoes in the mason jar!!!! The line up that I was told about was there, but we got in after I'd say 20 minutes or so. The lady at the door had a great attitude (and made us feel very young by carding us :)) - tip: bring ID, because even if you are over 18 or look it, you need to have it by-law! Inside, the waiter was great! Smiling, polite, fun and brought us to a high table against one of the windows, where we shared with the two girls that were ahead of us in the line to get in. The menus are very cute. Little booklets with information and pictures! I ordered the 1L mason jar Mojito. And!!! for snacks, Gold fish in a jar! Very cute and only 2$. Drinks came fairly quickly. Great music in the background. Mix of 80s, 90s and alternative. We sang and had a great time. 1L of Mojito was quite enough to make my night and was only 17$! I will definitely go back to Distillery! And I hope you try it too!
4	Went to the Distillerie on Mont Royal, and although we waited in the cold for about 40 mins, it was well worth it! Our waiter was efficient and friendly, the atmosphere was laid back, we were able to snag a couple of tables (we were a party of 12) and most importantly, the drinks were GREAT! I had the rock'a'rula, a concoction of amarula, root beer and lots of other yummy things. Loved that you could also buy a Mason jar of Goldfish for only $2! Lots of variety in the menu, plus there were 8 new drinks of the month. Everyone found a drink that they loved. Will definitely go back :)
5	Small pub, massive line ups, strict about ID, but a great place to go to if you're willing to wait! My friends and I "beat the system" by hanging out at the pub next door for a few drinks until Distillerie was free of a waiting line. As soon as we walked in, we sat at the bar and ordered 3 rounds of the best tasting lychee shots you may ever get, which have a few drops of Tabasco that give your lips the perfect sizzle. In all my Distillerie nights, I have always enjoyed their mojitos, which come in a mason jar like many other drinks they serve. They're quite possibly known for the best mojitos in town, and most definitely in all my experiences there! The atmosphere is very cool, the pub itself is dark and dim-lit, the servers are friendly and always have great recommendations of what to have next when you're in doubt! It's just a solid 5-star, great place to come alive with a couple friends for some good laughs and good drinks!
3	It would have made four stars instead of 3 if it wasn't for the 20 min line waiting fiasco. We came here post dinner to grab a cocktail before heading out to a club/bar closer to our apt and Im not at all agist but drinking with 18 year olds is way worse than drinking with 21 year olds. I know i was once a young child new to the drinking scene but i always had manners and knew how to behave in public. That fake id at the age of 17 prepared me for the "real world " of drinking. Maybe Montreal should start a bar etiquette class for the young ones.We were able to score seats at the bar and each got a cocktail. I was very much a fan of all the quality spirits they used  (Ketel, Hendriks Gin, and Crown Royal) to make the beverages. Simple syrup was in every single one and i think they might want to take it easy on the sugar Kp's drink was overly sweet with the addition of the simple syrup to a drink flavored with GM. I would probably give this place a second chance if i was able to get here a little sooner. The drinks are reasonably priced for the area and for the types of drinks being prepared. They need a better door system and possibly the ability to make reservations for large parties might be a good idea.
3	Came here on a Saturday night around 11:45PM.  Apparently a popular time to come, as there were about 15 people ahead of us in line.  I don't wait in line for bars on principle; however, this came highly recommended, and I gave my wait-time a deadline to justify it to myself.  There were two large groups ahead of my friend and I - and I was annoyed they didn't have a process to figure that out.... seating two people is generally much easier than waiting for a table of 8, especially in that small place.  Eventually we entered...... The interior of this place is awesome.  Great vibe, chill with a hint of dark and seedy, but in a good way, not in an I-might-get-an-STD-way.  This is a young crowd.  If you're over 23, be prepared to feel old.  Or maybe that's just me...... The cocktail menu was fairly extensive, and of course you can get any of your standard liquor drinks.  I felt obligated to try one of their concoctions.  I regretted it, as the sickly sweet, hangover-inducing fluids entered my mouth.  I drank about a third of it before giving up and ordering a Vodka Soda.  Maybe the sweet drinks are better for the youngsters?  Or maybe I just didn't like it.  I'd give it another try if I happened by it with no line, but wouldn't go out of my way again.
4	Mason jars may be incredibly cliche thanks to the advent of Pinterest (if I see one more mason-jar-related DIY on my Facebook newsfeed I might smash my computer screen) but massive mason jars filled with liquor are another story entirely.I don't remember what I ordered but it consisted of strawberry, cucumber, and a whole lot of booze. It was like the fishbowls I enjoyed in college, except way tastier since it actually had fresh fruit instead of a myriad of syrups. The crowd here was on the younger side and at 24 I felt we were the oldest people in here, but since we look young for our age, we blended in well.My only complaints were the lack of seating (and standing space, actually) and the wait for a drink. I guess these crazy jars take a long time to craft, but I still felt annoyed by how slow the service was. Not so much so that it would keep me from coming back, though!
4	My favourite bar in Montreal that I have experienced, yet.I went on a Tuesday around 8 PM and it was the most crowded bar I had found! That's what I look for, though. The more crowded, the better.I took a seat at the bar and was enjoying the music (GREAT MUSIC. The Hives, The  Strokes, some Daft Punk!), when I was soon handed a quite large menu of drinks! Plenty of variety with mixed drinks in well-sized mason jars, cocktails, and a variety of beers, Bacardi, Tequila, and so much more. They will make any drink you tell them to, if you have a special request, so don't be afraid to get creative.I started off the night with a regular sized Blue Caillou (mason jar drink). Terrific taste and watching the bartenders' drink-making acrobatics was much fun. However, it hardly gave me a buzz at all. So, next was a shot of Bacardi. And next, a shot of tequila. I forget which it was, but the bartender said that it was 2 months aged in a barrel and it started with a  "C." Was a moderately priced one, in relation to the other tequilas. Shot prices are not listed on the menu, but I would say, depending on what you're getting, it could range from 4$ to 9$.I left giggling like an idiot and smiling all the way home. That's a pretty good sign, right?If you're sitting at the bar, ask if Fred is working that night. He was my bartender and a delight to talk to and be served by.
4	Atmosphere Looking for a casual bar to have a special drink with a bunch of friends? Distillerie is the place to go. It presently has three locations, first one in the Quartier Latin, second one on the Mont Royal Plateau and the third one in Rosemont, which are all in the downtown area. What is great about Distillerie is that its drinks are constant throughout each place. What they are mainly known for is their out of the ordinary combo of fantasy drinks served in big Mason jars. It's the presentation of the drinks that turns Distillerie into a cool Montreal experience. Unfortunately, all three of them, mostly the first one in the Quartier Latin due to its smaller size, become so crowded that it is really difficult to find seating and the waiting line at the door is really annoying. Also another downfall to Distillerie would be its lack of a terrace which is always appreciated during a nice summer day. I would give Distillerie 3 stars for its atmosphere. Drinks & Food As mentioned earlier, Distillerie has great and very varied drinks which will appeal to any taste. I would recommend taking the larger jar since most people will find it's more than plenty and the prices of the jars are very reasonable considering the amount you get in one single serving. They, however, don't serve food at Distillerie (except little fishy snacks) which means fill up your stomachs before heading there. Trust me; with the amount of alcohol in those jars, you will need a good meal. Distillerie gets a well deserved 5 stars for its drinks. Insider tip - Try my personal favorite: the Missionary Downfall (a mojito with pineapple). They don't offer it on their menu anymore but they will still make you one and it is totally worth it. Service At Distillerie, the waiters and bartenders are very friendly and relatively fast considering the crowd that bar takes in. Make sure to arrive early to get a seat on either a table or in front of the bar which will aid enormously with the service you will get. The bartenders at Distillerie are really knowledgeable of their craft and will be happy to make a custom drink to your liking. When I go to the one in Mont Royal, I try to go as close to the bar in the back because that bartender (I think his name is Alex) is pretty awesome. Flipping his bottles, providing very fast service and basically just a cool guy to chat with. Even the bouncers there are really nice, which is not something I can say about many places. The service at Distillerie gets 5 stars. Location The locations of all three Distilleries are not particularly close to any metros which makes it more difficult to access if you don't have a car. The one I found was the easiest to get to was Distillerie number 1 in the Quartier Latin by getting off at the Berri station. For the location, I will have to give 3 stars. The total amount of stars I would allocate to Distillerie in general would be 4
5	One of the best places for drink in Montreal. It's so rare to find a place that can really make a good drink regardless if it's on the menu or not. Stop in if you're in the area. Our server/bartender was great and friendly.
5	8 oz drinks in a Mason jar and Goldfish crackers to snack on while I am getting my drink on? I am in love with this place. The service is fantastic, the servers are funny, the drinks are so freaking yummy and I have yet to find a concoction that I don't adore: dangerous. At first I was intimidated by the size of the drink, then I got all cocky thinking it wasn't as strong as it should be, until I tried to get up: I was several sheets to the wind and absolutely loving it.The mint is always fresh and they take time making your drink, this is the real thing folks! 3 bucks off if you get the big jar before 7pm and remember, the line up starts at 17h, so get there early and arrive thirsty!
4	love, love, love this place.  had a few drinks which were completely amazing.  Some sweet, some really stiff, and most in a mason jar, which never bothers me (to hell with glasses).The bartenders were out of this world.  We sat pretty close to the service bar, and the cocktail server let us dip a (clean, obviously) straw in many of the drinks she was serving to give them a whirl.  Also, the bartenders made us some pretty delicious shots.  My only complaint is that it is tooooooo small here.  I'm getting old, so I don't like to be crunched up against other people as much as I used to.  And I don't like noise anymore, either.  We went at 5pm on a Saturday, and were surprised to find alot of both of those things.  I don't get out much, so I guess that's what happens when you go to a hipster bar in Montreal? I don't even care though.  Next time I'm in town, I'm coming back.
5	This place was astounding. Stopped in for a drink, and the server sat with us to give us drink advice and chat. Their menu contains a number of articles and a crossword puzzle for perusal, and is printed like a magazine. They gave us a couple to take on the road. Some of the best drinks I've ever had, and, as a Vancouverite, their cocktails were very reasonably priced.
5	I really loved this place. It had real character and everyone was very kind to us even though we did not speak french. The drinks were delicious and served in mason jars. Everything seemed to be fresh. I ordered the mocktail saisonnier - "King Medicine" with Vodka - the flavors of raspberry and lime were refreshing. I could see how this place could get crowded but we went early and were quite comfortable.
4	This place was great!  We were a bit disappointed by the Blast, but I think that was more a language barrier than anything else.  (Who the hell actually likes pear?  Really, I want to know.)So, apart from that, the several minutes it took for us to flag the waiter (bartender?) down to order enough drinks for us to double-fist it, and the lack of a patio, the place was pretty near perfect.  The pudding is basically a religious experience.  Honestly, I've never enjoyed feeling like such a pansy-ass mixed-drink drinker than I did while practically chugging that thing.  Yum.  And the goldfish are simply brilliant.
5	I love this place!!!!!!La Distillerie is a bar that caters to the higher end of the college scene and everyone else who likes great cocktails. Here are a few points....1. La Distillerie mainly does beer and signature cocktails. The cocktails are pictured in a cool menu/magazine along with a description of their sweetness and alcohol content.2. The cocktails are served in a mason jar for 9$-11$ or in a large mason jar for around 17$.3. At times (or maybe always) the large jars are discounted by 3$ before 7 pm.4. The service is good, but during busy times, don't expect long chats with the staff.5. At peak weekend hours, you will wait outside. I waited before, but it was nice to go in and not be smashed up against a wall in a massive crowd.6. The drinks are consistent. 7. The place has a relaxed, welcoming, and clean vibe. This is no dive bar, just a great place.
5	This place is great!  I'm not usually a cocktail guy, but this place hit a home run by way of great people making great drinks.Went here on a Friday night after having some scotch at another bar.  Waited in a short line to find a quaint bar with a couple of great bartenders.  Originally planned to just have a beer, but ended up getting a Mad Man after the recommendation of the door man.  While making the drink, I mentioned to the bartenders that I liked scotch, so my next drink was the From Smoke 'til Dawn, which was probably the best cocktail I've ever had.Awesome place to chill with a friend or two, or hell, do like me and go alone.  Great vibe.  I'll be back.
5	La Distillerie is one of those cool cocktail bars in town. They actually make their cocktails from inside jars. Their menu is also filled with pretty pictures, which is always a bonus. Both character and style, beautiful. They've set up several shops around town, but this is the only one I've been to. There is usually a line out front, so be prepared to wait unless you arrive there early!
5	I thought I had been to great bars before - and then I came to La Distillerie No 1. La Distillerie is a bar with an actual bar program. They have dedicated bartenders/mixologists that put out different creative cocktails for each quarter of the year. And those cocktails they work so hard on are delicious. On top of that the service is great, the drinks reasonably priced, and the atmosphere is really fun/young.Other fun facts:*A small regular sized drink is around $10, but you can get a huge mason jar of most of the signature drinks for around $17. The big jars are $2 off for happy hour - a great deal.*The style of the bar itself is sort of "hipster paradise". Chalkboard walls, rustic furniture. It's very cozy and somewhat dark - but it definitely gets loud and full of people, at least for happy hour when we stopped by.*Their menu is actually a full fledged magazine with unique content about their employees, the brands they choose to work with, and some cocktail recipes from their current program. It's amazing to me that they invest so much into something that most people don't put the least bit of thought into. *Our bartender Yanick was amazing. He was slammed and still managed to make plenty of conversation with us while we were hanging at the bar - as well as making sure our drinks were always full. I highly recommend sitting at the bar - watching these guys mix these crazy drinks was a lot of fun in and of iteself.Living in Miami, most of the time you go to an upscale bar, the only thing you're paying for is atmosphere. They really don't offer anything of substance, and they still rip you off by charging you $20 for your simple vodka red bull. It's absolutely refreshing to find a place like La Distillerie that is doing great things yet still manages to stay really down to earth.
5	Oh, La Distillerie, how I have missed you so. Went for a drink with an old friend/work buddy after dinner to catch up and the place was packed. On a Wednesday night! Crazy Montrealers, I love it. Lucky for us, we were able to snag the last two spots.We both ordered a 1L maison jar ($17 each) - Chupa chupa- Sangria calienteBoth were delicious, especially the chupa chupa, which went down so smoothly. Almost tasted like mango juice. I like how they top off the drinks - with mine, you get a dried mango slice and cherry on top. Anyways, place has a great vibe, lively atmosphere and is just one of my absolute favourite bars to go to in Montreal.Side note - we were asked very nicely to move a couple of times as there were some big groups that they wanted to accommodate. We obliged but the second time we were asked, the doorman at least came back and gave us some orange fishy's as a snack to munch on. Didn't even know they had those!
4	Came to this small, divey-style bar for happy hour on a Sunday (happy hour means $3 off all large 1L mason jars, so they're $14 rather than $17) and we thoroughly enjoyed the boozy, juicy, creative concoctions we selected off the impressive drinks menu.
5	I love this place!As silly as it sounds, I love drinks that come in cool containers and I've been wanting to try their 1L mason jar cocktails for the longest time. Came here around 5 pm on a Thursday which was perfect because an hour later, it was packed. It's a very small bar and it's since it's located right in front of a cegep there are always students abound. As others mentioned, they are strict on ID. My friend and I are in our mid twenties but immediately got carded at the door.For 17$, their large mason jar drinks are well priced, you also get 3$ off during happy hour. The Chupa Chupa, mango based drink was my favorite. Each drink ingredient is clearly listed on the menu along with a 1 to 5 scale to measure its intensity.I noticed on their menu booklet that it was dated October to December 2013 so I'm assuming they change their selection every now and then.Another fun perk is that they give free Goldfish crackers to munch on.Only thing that would make this place better would be free wifi and if they accepted debit. There do have an ATM though.
5	Okay, this place is really excellent, and I'm basically a super snobby New Yorker when it comes to cocktails. Our drinks were very will balanced, and carefully crafted. We sat at the bar and it seems like they do crowd control, as the place was full (early on a friday evening) yet not super packed, which I really appreciated. I plan on coming here again, for sure!
4	OK for the area. They have a menu of cocktails that come in small (~$9.50) and large (~$17), where you basically get a whole liter of cocktail to deal with. They tend to be not terribly strong and rather sweet. There's also a smaller menu of more traditional specialty cocktails, also $10 or so. It's marketed as a speakeasy.I thought the cocktails were only OK compared to other places I've been to. Mostly they were just different variations of fruity/citrusy paired with some sweet liquors and something harder. Most of the drinks feel kind of tropical. I'm more of the manhattan / negroni / martini variety of cocktail drinker, so your mileage may vary, but for me this place was 3 stars.Bumped it up a star because the ambiance and clientele were cool, and the bartenders were super friendly. Worth a visit.
4	Drinks were amazing and so is the atmosphere. The decor is also really nice. You are carded at the door so be ready. Love the variety and the rating system on the menu because lightweights like me, need to know. We came to the bar at around 10 and there were tables available.My only complaint was the service. Our waiter was terrific but then he said he was going on break and said that there'd be another waiter to take his place. We waited around but there was no one to take our second round of drinks so I had to walk up to the bar and ask for a cup of water and for someone to take our order. After about ten minutes, someone finally came by. The service was good when servers actually came to our table.
5	La Distillerie has a great atmosphere and crowd for your 20-something's who like to get their hipster drank on.  From the cool and attractive waitstaff to the unique and inspiring cocktails, La Distillerie is sure to give you and your friends plenty to talk about when you get there. The menu has Le Freshest Design with a simple and informational style that not only explains the alcohol content level of each drink, but also the categorical flavor cohort that it can be shoved into.  From sweet and acidic to herbal, there are both classic and modern favors for you to choose from. The only con that I had here was the time it took both to get the attention of a waiter and to finally get the drink I ordered. Other than that I loved it. Will definitely being going back to try more~~On a side note there was one particular guy waiter who was hot-as-fux with some of the most lick-able eyebrows I have ever seen....and let's not forget about that female bartender with blonde dreads who double fisted those drink mixers and pounded that ice with that hammer like she was Thor. That definitely had me feelin some type of way.
3	the seat was not comfortable . the drink was just o.k  for the price. the services  was very bad . very very slow .
4	A favorite spot to bring out of towners who like their liquors. Great mixes in mason jars, they might be $14/drink but watch them be made and you'll see you're getting most of your money in there. Industrial decor that still manages to be very warm, only problem in the noise, loud loud loud.
5	Love this bar. It has a perfectly dim lit ambience which always sets the mood for a good time with friends with great drinks.The drinks here are out of the world! Every time I come here I always try something different. Most of the times I've fallen head over heels for the cocktails here. But sometimes you must know your poison before ordering... If you really know what you want and like, then you'll love your order here. Everyone who enjoys their alcohol will love to splurge a little money on the drinks here.To add, there are some drinks you can never go wrong with like the classics such as The Patriot and Mojito; make sure you try them.
5	Distillerie on Ontario, the quintessential summer drinking hangout. How many times have i come here at 5:30pm only to be glad not to arrive at 5:35. This place is small compared to its sister bars but do not let that discourage you. Steps away from St Denis street or the QDS, this can be your first stop to a great evening.Especially if you love your drinks in a gros mason jar. You can also order coctails not in the menu, if the mixologist knows the drink. I had ordered a mint julep once, watching the mixologist going thru the steps to prepare my drink was so engrossing and mesmerizing. And the result was an amazing drink in a gorgeous pewter mug!Also, don't forget to get the goldfish during happy hour!
5	This is such a down-to-earth bar! Drinks are delicious. They don't serve food, but they sell goldfish in a mason jar for $2. My advice, go before 9 to avoid waiting in line because place is pretty small.
5	Highly recommend this cocktail bar. Unique drink offerings, casual vibe, and free goldfish crackers to snack on. I ordered the Mohawk and loved it; my husband tried the DaVinci and Mad Men. Happy hour promo: large cocktails are $3 off. Great deal for the high quality drinks!
4	This is one of the most chillest bars/hangout places i have been.Didn't know what all the buzz about was this place but I had to check it out.  You will not regret this place at all if you're into tropical fruity drinks or just interesting drinks that you would never think of combining.They give you a menu that shows you each ingredient in the drink and how it taste, rating from sourness to sweetness.  This place is hard to explain unless you go try it yourself.I like this place because this places gives off a relaxing paradise with dim lights.  The drinks comes in mason jars, so you already know that they're as hip as they can get.  I've had over half of the drinks here and I will say that most of these drinks are of quality.  I see the bar tenders spending quite a lot of time just mixing up the drink and making it to perfection.Overall, One of my favorite bars out there.
5	Awesome place to get drinks and socialize in Montreal! We had such a great time with friends after work. The drinks are so fun and huge! 4 shots in one big mason jar and can't even taste the alcohol!
5	Really awesome bar in Montreal. This was our fist stop once we arrived and it really got us loose. I had a giant mojito and my husband had a few martinis. They were served in Mason jars so I assumed it would be a more southern atmosphere, but it's not. Great tunes played and lots of people watching. Hope to make it there again one day. Loved the bartender, Yanick, too!
4	Seriously, I don't know how many times I can come here to say is the best bar in Mtl! I just love it!
4	This place is great! Dark and intimate, my girls got our cocktails on. Delicious! Gorgeous! Love the way the menu laid out the flavors and rated it according to how strong the drink would be. Bartenders here are talented, and the cocktails lovely, at quite a reasonable price, too.Definitely would come back here when I get the chance.---Missing a star because the waitress was quite aggressive with the bill/her tips. We avoided her and often ordered straight from the bar since she was scary. The bartender, a guy with glasses, was awesome!Guy at the door was also nice, and tried to sit us as efficiently as possible.
4	The portions are great and all the main cocktails are in jars. Very popular as the place was full, but we were given a seat quiclmy and the service was good.I would advise that you do not go too sweet, unless you like Haribo
3	I give this place a 3 star, simply because it's so small and the line up to get in was over 20mins. I can't imagine waiting that long in winter when it's -30 degrees outside. If it wasn't for the small ambiance, I would have given this place a 4 because their drinks are phenomenal. I wanted to try everything on the menu! The drinks are pretty expensive. If you're coming here to get wasted I would maybe pre-drink at home, unless you got a wallet that's heavily stacked.
5	Decided to check out this bar since it was my boyfriends first time in MTL and their menu seemed to have a good selection. We got a spot at the bar which turned out to be great. He ordered the mojito and loved it. I ordered the Hurricane first which was pretty good, but I ordered the Rock'a'rula after and it was AMAZING! Oh and the drinks (most of them) are served in mason jars- so adorable! The bartenders were also super nice. I will definitely go back in the future!
