4	With an Irish Mexican name like Carlos O'Brien's, you really never know what you are getting yourself into.  After trying to find some good queso in the Valley with very little success, I finally found the good stuff at Carlos O'Brien's.  It was delicious.  Apparently queso is not a big thing in the Southwest, but us Texans live for it.  The food and chips and salsa were also very good.  My fajita chicken quesadillas had cheese oozing out of the sides of the tortillas and big fresh peppers.  The margaritas were also quite tasty.  I was so full I felt like I needed my husband to roll me out the door.
4	This has got to be the best Mexican Restaurant in Phoenix that I've ever eaten at.Then again, it's really the only Mexican Restaurant that I've ever eaten at in Phoenix in the last 20 years.I'm from Sacramento, and it really beats any Mexican food that we've got up there. Proximity might have a lot to do with it, but I really appreciated the food. The portions were plentiful, the food was top notch and spicy, but the service really needed to improve. I was waiting for a doggie bag and a box for 20 minutes.Otherwise, I'd recommend it heartily.
3	This place is nothing special.  The food was good, but not great.  The service was fast and friendly, but again the food was nothing worth going back for.  I don't even remember what it is that I ate, so that in itself should tell you something about the place.  Or does that tell you something about me?  Yes, I am getting old, but I can remember when something is worth having again!
2	A long time ago, when I was in my twenties, and the Phoenix dining scene was barer than Lady Godiva, Carlos was a focal point for friends, co-workers and me. We'd get off our crappy little jobs, and gladly wait for a table to relish huge portions of "Mexican food" dripping with cheese.  This was the 80's and we thought it was pretty wonderful.  A great deal has changed in twenty years. I've gotten older and crabbier. William Shatner is cool again. And the local restaurant scene has exploded with dazzling variety and quality.    When I escorted my mom here on a recent rainy day, a rush of distant memories streamed back from young adulthood. Nothing had changed here in two decades. The restaurant interior looked exactly as I had remembered. Young diners off work, more absorbed in office politics than in their massive taco salads and chimichangas - just like we used to be.  And my food looked and tasted remarkably like it did eons ago. None of this, dear reader, is a good thing. Carlos O'Brien's, apparently stupified by its lucrative formula of white people phoning in bland Mexican food dripping with Monterey Jack, is stuck in a 1980's fern bar masking an even broader, unholier time warp.   The restaurant world has evolved, raised the bar, and it's abundantly clear nobody here gives a shit.  To wit, I ordered fish tacos, which arrived, inexplicably, with no sauce or condiments of any kind. Just fish and dry cabbage in a tortilla?  To her credit, our waitress, who was perfectly pleasant, asked if I wanted any "sauce".  Um, yeah. This high maintenance fussbudget also likes milk on his cornflakes and syrup on his goddam waffles; please go to the trouble of fetching me this delightful "sauce" of yours.   Well it would be, if it resembled any fish taco sauce I've encountered since the Carter administration. Instead, our server cheerfully lugs back a ramekin brimming with industrial strength tarter sauce which, on this drizzly day, could have doubled as roof patch. I know what you're thinking. New waitress. I'm overreacting. Please bear with me. First,  she's not a new waitress. I overheard her gabbing with another table (friends of hers, I guess) about serving them on previous visits, so she's not new. This isnt about the waitress. Second, I've never been served a dry fish taco in my life. No slaw dressing, not even a lime. Isnt this rather standard  preparation the kitchen's responsibility? Third, this is one of the half dozen lunch combos CB's been slinging in their sleep every weekday for thirty years. Could've been an oversight, but there's no misunderstanding about some off the wall request. Fourth, why would our waitress immediately ask if I wanted "sauce" unless she customarily served it  knowing the kitchen puts no sauce on the tacos? This isnt an oversight, it's business as usual.  I want to re-emphasize that our waitress was not difficult at all. I'm not panning Carlos because of any personality clash. I'm panning Carlos because they're so out of touch with diners' basic expectations  in 2008. I'm panning them because, on a corporate or management level (not a waitress or cook level), they dont give a crap about what comes out of their kitchen.  There was a time when Carlos O'Brien's held Phoenix in the palm of their cheese encrusted hands, but this maturing culinary burg has passed them by.
3	Carlos O'briens is a solid 3 stars. The service is hardly ever bad, but it is hardly ever amazing either.The food is decent. They do have the best Pollo Fundido ever which really sums up the trick, it is bland white people mexican food; which is not an insult. Nor is it necessarily a compliment.They are a good go to place for a sunday lunch, but if someone is visiting from out of town, you probably want to take them somewhere else.
5	this is a great mexican restaurant. i've been going to carlos obriens since 1985. the portions are large and oozing with cheese and sauce. i don't eat rice or beans and with the large enchiladas and tacos, you don't need them. you can easily fill up with just the enchiladas & tacos. everything has alot of cheese and sauce, covering the whole plate. the chimi's are huge. fantastic chips. they do have a nice bar with plasmas and you get free chips and salsa  whether you're there to dine or drink. the service has always been good. this is a large, good restaurant. they do have a happy hour in the bar. you can call ahead and order food and they give you plenty of sauces with your to go order.
3	Just like the Veggie Fajitas they served my mama - this place lacked sizzle.My mom has been raving and singing the praises of Carlos O'briens for sometime now and not wanting to miss out on somewhere good, she took me there last night. When we got in the parking lot, and saw the look of the huge rock mountain of stone - I KNEW something was a miss... why are mountainous structures in Phoenix always home to great salsa and bland food? WHY?!We entered and were seated right away in a HUGE dining area "upstairs" that was way cute back in 1990 when it was last redecorated - but this isn't 1990 and it's - kitchy. After I sat down and saw the plain looking laminated menu, I realized that my mom and I were the ONLY brown people in the building besides a bus boy who looked afraid of his own shadow! Red Flag #3!!Our waiter Nathan introduced himself and seemed really nice as he brought our chips and salsa and took our drink order. We also ordered our food - I had the #13 - A Little Bit of Everything and my mom had the Veggie Fajitas. I must say that the menu is very uninspired and I wished to see some house specialties or innovation... inspiration and innovation are luxaries that Carlos O'brien can't afford. Whie our food was being prepared, we enjoyed our chips and salsa which was VERY good, I must say! I SWEAR I've had their salsa before, I just can't place it! But it's still good and worth the trip alone. Our food came quickly and we were disappointed by the fact that my mom's fajitas lacked any soul, had some spice and weren't sizzling off the iron. Boo! She loved that her fajitas had ingredients not normally seen in fajitas, such as potatos and zucchini. My plate was a big glob of gooey cheese! The guac on the chicken flautas were good however the flautas were a little over cooked. The Chimis were very good and I loved their cream cheesy sour cream type sauce - I just they didn't give me so much of it! I was scraping it off after my first bite. With a good chili kick and plenty of salt, my Green Corn tamales were DEFINATLY the best part of my meal! And the toastada, rice and especially the beans were the lowlight of my meal. I never had a worse toastada, I don't even know how to you screw up a toastada - but leave it up to Carlos to figure it out. The rice tasted old and were dry. The beans also tasted old and had too much cheese, there was so much cheese that my lil bowl of beans was practically glued to my plate! GROSS! We were still happy and eating away and I didn't think we were taking too long when Nathan our waiter gave us the bum's rush! He put down our check andd Offered to bring us to-go boxes when we were still happily eating and showed no signs of slowing down. I was like - there are FOUR tables seat in a 30+ table facility - there's NO ONE at the door, even then - you got the room!! Why are you rushing us out?! We requested two to-go boxes and when he returned with them he seemed disappointed in the fact that we hadden't paid yet. My mom quickly dropped her debt card and I was annoyed.We did need to get going - we had another errand to run before heading home but still. The polite thing to do would have been to leave our check and tell us to take our time, replenish our drinks and WAIT for us to ask for a box. GEEZ! Some people's children!To my fellow yelpers, if you want fresh, sizziling sexy Mexican food - avoid this place like the plauge. If you want to appease out-of-town relatives with sensitive palates to a nice Arizona Mexican dinner - this is the place for you! Have the green tamales and enjoy the chips with salsa, they're both quite good.
1	I love Yelp cause I can share my many experiences with you and the world. So today, in desperate need of a margarita, I decided to stop here with a couple of friends for a pitcher and some guacamole. After a few margaritas, I found their "healthy" menu and decided to order their  "vegan" veggie burrito. Problem was there was nothing vegan about it. After several bites of the burrito, I found a large piece of burnt steak inside. NASTY! If that wasn't enough, after consuming nearly half of the black beans it was served with, I found pieces of pork in the beans. That explains why they were so salty. I presented all of this to the manager who was kind enough to take most of everything, minus the booze, off of the bill. Revolting.
4	Great Restaurant! Large Portions and good food.
1	If your are looking for any kind of flavor in your food , this is not the place for you. I had a green chili burro with rice and beans, it had to be one of the most bland meals I have ever had, this the place for those out of towners, You know the ones from those cold states, who are not familiar with what Mexican food should taste like. I have to say it is edible, you probably won't die, BUT DEFINATELY NOT ENJOYABLE, TASTEFUL, FLAVORFUL, OR MEMORABLE. This is not the place for true mexican food connoisseur.  As for  the service it was average, not anything special.
5	Whever I'm in Phoenix visiting familia, I request that we go to get some "Mexican" comida. I've had their food since I was an adolescente and I can honestly say the food hasn't changed. I still get my customary pollo chimi, with sauce on the side so it doesn't get soggy. Muy bueno! The chips/salsa at Mexican places can reel me in faster than a sugar daddy with a helicopter and Carlos knows his chips and salsa.
3	Oh my, dare I...yes, I'm going to have to go with 3 stars.  Normally I would shun, poo-poo, and dismiss a gringo-Mex place like Carlos O'Brien's, but I got thinking that for what it is (gringo-Mex)... it's pretty darn OK!  Last night's meal of grilled shrimp and vegetables clinched it. The tacos are pretty good, the chimis, the burritos...and to find a decent, light ,healthy option too (I gotta go healthy once and a while, just not too often), well that's special.
2	The food here gives a whole new meaning to the word bland.  That makes this an ok place because most anybody could eat what they serve without any complaints.  It is a good place to take a family or for a big eater.  You get food and lots of it.  It kind of makes me think of pigs when you see them at a feeding trough.  What they get may not be good, but they walk away full, happy piggys.  Carlos O'briens sends out lots of happy oinkers!Did you pick up on the subtle hint that this may not be the place for those who are looking for something special when they want to have Mexican food?  I hope (lol).I debated on two or three stars.  I wouldn't go back there myself-two stars.  If I had a family to feed or people from out of town who don't need to be impressed-three stars.  I'd rather be positive than negative so they get three.
4	I wanted to take my sister out for dinner last night to celebrate her upcoming 21st birthday prior to going to see Cirque Du Soliel. We both love Mexican food and Carlos O'Brien's is literally within walking distance from my house. We used to go all the time as kids, but it has been years since I have been there last. I'm glad we gave it a try because we had a really great experience. We were seated immediately even though it was 5:45pm. We had friendly, attentive service from both our busser and our server.We were served delicious, warm tortilla chips shortly after sitting with a tasty, fresh, and chunky salsa. They also provided the liquefied hot sauce, but I did not eat it because I do not like that kind at any restaurant.I decided on the veggie fajitas. The black beans are vegetarian, the refrieds are not. My sister selected the fajita quesedilla, sans meat.Our food arrived quickly and piping hot. Both of us had huge portion sizes and the food was extremely fresh and really tasty. They put a salty and slightly spicy seasoning on their fajitas, which come with a mixture of peppers, onions, squash, zucchini and potatoes. Back in the day when I used to eat meat (15+ years ago) I always ordered the shredded beef chimi. It was amazing. I would assume that it retains the same amazing taste and size as when I favored it as a child, but who knows.Our meal came to $21 and I gladly tipped our server over 20%! I will definitely be back when I have a cheat day on my diet!!
4	I grew up eating at this place, going back to the days when it was on the corner of 16th and Bethany in the spot where TexAz is today.  I would say that this place is very dependable.  The food is solid, and it's a steal.  I had a machaca burro enchilada style with an iced tea, and it set me back about $10.  It is a real Phoenix institution.
4	Just ate a delcious Mexican pizza here.  It's so yummy!
4	First off lets get the Mexican food subject tackled. There are a few types:SenoranNew MexicoMexico CityTex MexFresh Mex(BLARF!)I am an Arizona boy. I grew up eating americano senoran Mexican food. There is ABSOLUTELY nothing wrong with loving it. Is it real "Mexican food" who's to say. Do I appreciate other styles of Mexican food? Hell yes I do! Tex and Fresh being the lest of my favorites.When I got to Mexico I don't go looking for a cheese crisp and a shredded beef taco. I go looking for hangover cure menudo. I go looking for brain exploding chicken mole. I celebrate Mexican food in all of its delicious forms!So now that we have that out of the way.Carlos O'Briens... This is a perfect example of americano senoran style Mexican food. I love this stuff.. I crave this stuff.. I have a Mexican food fuel gauge that must be filled when it hits empty.You cannot go wrong with the classics here.Cheese Crisp: One of the best in town.Guacamole: This is what quac should be. Its not 50% tomatoes. Its pretty much avocado, lime, salt, garlic, cilantro, some chilies. It is amazing and I feel is only topped by what I make at home which is the same style.Shredded Beef Taco: Again how it should be. The beef is stuffed into the taco THEN deep fried so you get those delicious crispy fried beefs ends in the taco. It is then piled with delicious Mexican cheese blend.. real cheese..Red Enchilada Sauce: This stuff is great.. Your enchilada will come swiming in it again covered in cheese which is salamandered. When that cheese grease mates with the enchilada sauce.. Mmmmmm happy place.Rolled Tacos: Both the beef and chicken are good.. Again filled then deep fried and covered in a huge glob of quac and cheese.Favorite Meal:#1 Combo (comes on two plates because its thats big!) Shredded Beef Taco, Cheese Enchilada, Rice, BeansCheese Crisp with guacamole. Ask for it WITH guacamole. You will get WAY more on it then if you order a side and its actually cheaper. If its to much scoop it onto a plate and enjoy it on some chips.Bottom Line...You will leave without a gaping hole in your wallet. You will leave with a very full stomach. The service will be acceptable. You will be happy. They also have great lunch specials here. They raised them a bit but its still a good deal.Also.. do yourself a favor and stick to the northern location. The owner pretty much lives there and the quality is just better. When he isn't there they have a very trusted manager who has also been there forever and takes great care of the place.
1	I have been a Carlos'Briens fan for many years and having not been there for a while my better half and I decided to grab a quick bite at the bar last night. I really have nothing good to say about any part of our visit. Having been in the restaurant business myself I can be pretty forgiving when it is obvious that the place is understaffed and I am willing to be patient as long as it is acknowledged that I am sitting there waiting...instead we literally waited (at the bar) for 15 minutes without either one of the bartenders making so much as eye contact. I finally had to wave my arms before somebody said Hi. I was not the only one having this problem as both people to either side on me had been waiting longer than we had and a couple of the tables gave up and left. We finally placed our order of queso dip and a chimichanga with a bartender that was less than thrilled. The queso was really bad and chimi was mediocore at best. Nobody ever asked if there was an issue with the queso as the bowl was literally untouched. On the upside the chips and salsa are still good. We paid our tab and bailed. I made a quick stop to the restroom only to find it out of soap with the trashcan overflowing and paper towels all over the floor. All and all a very disappointing trip. Carlos O'Briens needs to make a serious effort to get their restaurant back to what it used to be.
4	This isn't my favorite Mexican Place in the Phoenix area BUT it's Good!  I love their Tacos, Cheese Enchiladas, Chimi's and their Greenchili.   My friend and I love to order their quesadilla with Green Chili inside...  Their chips are always fresh and the salsa's are good too (I like to mix them together).  They have some tasty Margarita's as well.  I would recommend anyone to go to this restaurant.  On top of great food the service is also good!
3	I ate here the other day for lunch after playing a round the golf, so I was starving.  I ordered the cheese enchilada and shreded beef taco combo w/rice and beans.  A great value for 8.50, plus a margarita for 2.50 which was great as well.  The shreded beef taco was very good, though I didn't get any gucamole or sour cream with it, I suppose I should have asked for it.  The cheese enchilada was good, but I do agree with the other posters that they pile up the cheese on their food, atleast the enchilada.  The plates are sloppy to look at and when eating the food, the plate turns into a mess.  For the value, you can't go wrong, but I do think they can make some simple changes to better the food look wise and not mase their food with so much cheese. I did have the mini chimi's years back and I remember how doughy and the lack of taste they had, not sure if they improved those at all.
5	Always great! I remember being a kid and having to wait in line around the building to get a seat. Well, now the food is still great and the wait is much shorter. I don't know why people waste their time going to lesser restaurants.
5	Delicious! Be sure to get a pitcher of margaritas - YUMMY!
3	We like this place cuz it's down the street from my fam's house and they have a party-like atmosphere.  Nice bar with some tvs to watch the game.  The food is decent, the portions are HUGE and the service is excellent.
3	I ripped Carlos a new taquito hole three winters ago, but today's experience was much improved, and I've never been so pleased to add an update. The hostess led us towards an "upstairs"  booth, but quickly recognized that my elderly mom doesnt walk that well, and offered "lower level" seating instead.  We didnt take it, but I cant tell you what a good impression it makes when the first person who greets you "gets it". Someone who anticipates needs rather than waits for you to explain them. Our server was good too. Pleasant, but not overly familiar or chatty, and absolutely efficient. No mistakes.   My favorite (and least expected) discovery was what I think they call a "Healthy Menu" or something.  Shrimp Macho (ok, stop laughing)  had six good sized shrimp,  shells removed, quite nicely seasoned and pretty well cooked.  It was $7.95 with standard mexican combo sides. I thought it was a very good value, and if the sides were better, an outstanding one. Lunch for two, which includes a big basket of chips, was $20 before tip.Why only three stars, when my apoplectic rant (see below) bestowed two? Well, the chips and salsa are pretty bad. The drinks come in those awful little plastic "glasses" that hide dirt and god knows what. The back of the booths provide zero back support. It's just not a five, or even four, star place. But today's third star represents a wholesale change in at least one customer's opinion of Carlos.  It will probably never be my favorite spot, but I previously railed that no one here "gave a shit."  That's obviously changed and is worthy of mention.
3	Food was good, service was terrible.  I'd love to see this place get a bit of a face lift, the whole inside as looked the same since they opened the doors, and it is really starting to show.  For my money I think this location has the best food, but the worst service.  I couldn't believe how terrible the service was when we came in yesterday.  Come on management live up your longstanding awesome reputation.
4	I've been going to Carlos O'Brien's since I was a child. It's one of the finest mexican food establishments in the valley!I admit that I am in a perpetual rut with regards to their dishes; I never eat anything but chimichangas!However, my mother always has the pollo fundido, which I've also tried; it's AMAZING!I love their salsa as well.I've been going for 20 years, I'm not stopping any time soon!
5	I can remember when this location was being built as a kid, little did I know that one day this place would make the best pollo fundido on the planet.  That's right, second to none and it took me many years to discover this wonderful treat of a meal.  I have been here many times over the years since I literally grew up with the smell since I lived right across the street from here.  The chips and salsa are so good here as well, the spicy hot sauce is the best!  All the meals here are large portioned and always delish, the atmosphere is very nice for the area and the bar is a cool place to hang out as well.  I love the different elevations throughout the restaurant.  The service is always 5 star as well, I highly recommend a visit here if you are looking for AZ Mexican food.
1	My husband and I ate at Carlos O'Brien's last night; to our dismay, the food was inedible.  It was a disappointing evening since we do not go out to dinner very often since the recession.I ordered the Carlos Carnitas Dinner.  The pork tasted dried, rubbery, and days old.  Between us, we ate three bites of it and put it aside.  My husband's dinner, Pollo Fundido, was not any better.  The pollo fundido was over salted and made with poor quality ingredients; the chicken appeared to have come from a can versus fresh, and the cheese tasted processed versus real.  We only ate a couple of bites of it and sadly called it a night, going home to eat bowls of cereal for dinner instead.
1	We just moved in the area and were looking forward in having our Friday Family dinners here. Waited 20 minutes for our waitress. No apology nothing just asked us for our drinks and were we ready to order. Dinner wasn't bad but nothing great... 11.95 for my meal with no rice and beans... $50 later for the three of us kinda made it sting a little more... so I informed the hostess of my concerns, she gave the I will let the manager know answer... So since the food is ok but the service is most likely the norm. I don't think I will be back.. I can do fast food for that kind of service....I don't think I can give a star due to the service but yelp forces me to.
4	A family tradition the past 6 years. My favorite is the Carlos Carnitas Dinner. My wife likes the Little Bit of everything Plate. They have Happy Hour as well and the prices are reasonable.
4	I have been going here for many years now. The food is always good and you always leave full. The tostada is so big I can barley get my mouth over it to take a bite. The shredded beef tacos are great. I also love the flautas and the chicken fajita chimi. The chimi's here are huge! The beans and rice are great to. So many mexican food restaurants have rice that's tasteless, which is funny cause it comes with every plate they serve. You would think they would put some flavor in that rice, but here they do. Always a good meal and I would recommend it for sure.
3	I come to Carlos O'Briens periodically - maybe annually, sometimes more, sometimes less. It's a good restaurant. The food is good (not incredible, but a solid good) with large portions (I never finishe a meal). Very American style rather than traditional food with the typical dishes - tacos, enchiladas, chimichangas, etc. They go heavy on the cheese - it doesn't bother me, but it has bothered folks I have gone with. Otherwise, it is good food I am glad to eat.  The service was incredibly fast. Tonight, a Friday evening, they were packed, yet we ordered, ate and chatted, and were out the door in less than 40 minutes. Staffers were there whenever my glass was low, but weren't in our faces all the time.  The prices are medium - you're looking at $10-20 per person depending on what you order.   The restaurant itself is pretty decent. The decor is pretty American Mexi-style, with obligatory bright colors and wood furniture. It's not a quiet place, but it isn't real loud - just active.  Short story is, I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but am perfectly happy to stop in.
5	Food and service was excellent! It has been many years since my last visit and I'm thrilled that very thing is as I remembered,  friendly attentive service and large portions
5	My family ate here fairly late and we were all starving. Our waiter was friendly and never neglected to refill our drinks or ask us if there was anything else we needed. I am a vegetarian, and there were a lot of options for me. The vegetable fajitas were delicious - probably the best I've ever tried. My family said that the beef tacos and beef burrito were amazing as well. We had eaten here before, but not in a long time. Now, however, we'll be sure to keep this place on our restaurant radar!
1	Has been years that haven't been there and I am still pissed at how poorly we were treated there. Maybe it has changed but I will never step foot there ever again. Food was OK I guess but the service was horrible. If you like your food to be thrown in your face by the waitress and you have to clean up HER mess, you should go there. Oh, and bring your own utensils since they don't seem to be willing to provide them. The manager couldn't have cared less, the staff just seemed to be going thru the motions. Horrible experience.
2	The chips and salsa were the best part of the meal.  The service was good, but the food lacked flavor and was quite bland.  My steak fajitas and the peppers and onions that came with them were not flavorful at all.  The re fried beans were overcooked and were simply bad.  The queso app was OK, but nothing special.  With all the choices in central Phoenix, I will be going elsewhere for my Mexican fix.
2	It had been years since I had been to Carlos O'Briens and last night was a reminder why it had been so long. The wait was short..we were seated right away and before we even settled into the booth we had our water with our chips and salsa. The waitress was pleasant and refilled our beverages, the restrooms clean. So why do you say, "Only 2 stars?" The food..where to begin about the food. Our meal started on such a high note, the chips were hot and the salsa fresh..that is where the high notes end. My pollo fundido was extremely dry with chicken that tasted like it had been boiled with absolutely no seasoning..no salt, no pepper..nothing. The jalapeno cream sauce was good and the dish had plenty of melted cheese, but all of that unseasoned chicken just made it so very unappealing. The beans  had a good flavor but they looked like they had been under a heat lamp for a while, all of that gooey melted cheese couldn't hide the hard, dry crust that had formed on top. And the rice....I will just leave it at that, riceThe husband had a shredded beef enchilada & taco combo. He ate the enchilada, said it was ok, but the taco..again, boiled, unseasoned meat, which he left on the plate. The child had a grilled cheese sandwich. Really over toasted bread with unmelted cheese, how can you mess up a 4 year olds grilled cheese? Carlos O'Brien has the potential to be a great mexican restaurant. It's affordable, the restaurant is clean and they are in an area with not a whole lot of dining options (maybe that is why they have been a round for so long) but unless they take a little more pride in the actual food..I don't think in this econony they might not make it.
3	My friend introduced this place to me.  The service is hit and miss though.  This place is super casual family restaurant and but of course there is a bar side with tv screens for the customers that want to get liquored up with their chips and salsa.What I usually order is off their "healthy selections" menu which is kinda nuts since I usually order the chili con queso dip as an appetizer.  It's super fattening.  I feel guilty even ordering it but it's so good.  The healthy dish i usually get is the poquito carne asada w/ brown rice and wheat tortilla.  But who am i kidding?  i always have to have the chips and salsa and hot sauce.  Love their hot sauce.  Sometimes I order the queso fondido which i refer to as the "heart attack on a plate" because it's a deepfried chicken chimichanga smothered with cream cheese and then melted jack and cheaddar cheese on top of that.  Can you say heart attack?  It's really yummy but not so great for you.  I've also had the fried ice cream there too and it's hit and miss.  sometimes it turns out good and sometimes it's kinda soupy which is not so good.
3	First time here, and it was pretty good!  I had the chimi plate and it was hot and tasty and cooked right.  The salsa is really good too, and the chips were warm and fresh.  Will go back!
2	I went there recently and in the past it used to be my go to place. Sadly the food is not what it used to be and I no longer crave their chimichangas anymore. As for the Drinks yes these Margaritas are one of the best might just go for happy hour for now on.
2	At the Scottsdale location, they used to have a really wonderful manager, an older Mexican gentleman who put his heart into the place.  They got rid of him, put in a relative and things declined.  I'm surprised Corey let this happen.  It used to be a special place.  Then prices went up and quality declined.
3	Carlos O'Brien's serves up large portions and offers your standard Mexican fare such as chimichangas, burros, tacos, and enchiladas.  They offer a few vegetarian options such as chile relleno and spinach enchiladas.  Chips and 2 types of salsa are served at the table prior to ordering.  The chips are very thin, and the mild salsa is very tomato based, while the hot salsa tastes a bit more authentic with a good robust chile flavor.  Feeling like I needed more greens in my diet, I opted for the spinach enchiladas for my dinner.The enchiladas themselves tasted OK flavor-wise, but while I appreciate that they used fresh spinach, it wasn't cleaned very well and I would get mouthfuls of some grit occasionally when I chewed.  I tried some of the 3 way chimichanga, which tasted decent, but it was hard to find the green chili part of the chimichanga.  Drinks were refilled promptly as needed, and service was generally good.
1	This is strictly a "produce as much as possible" for the masses.  The food used to be good.  it is now made with cheap ingredients and tastes like oil.  It is pretty bad and the salsa has taken a real dive too.  It used to be fun and enjoyable.  Now it seems like an overpriced fast food place.  Don't go!
5	Some of the best Mexican food I've ever tasted! Chips and salsa are my fav! Dinner plate #1 beef taco and cheese enchilada yum yum! Fast cooking- great service!! .....Can't wait to come back Tom and try the salmon w/ mango.
4	Oh man.  Where do I start with this place?  I absolutely love it.The only reason it doesn't have 5 stars is because it has a devastating effect on your waistline with frequent visits.  A look around at your fellow diners will confirm the fate that you too will suffer if you don't mend your gluttonous CO ways.  Eat in moderation - especially here.Then again, that really shouldn't deter you from stopping in. Especially if it is your birthday - because this is THE PLACE FOR BIRTHDAYS!  Every single time, without fail, and more predictable than the US Mail - someone is celebrating their birthday.  When I would go often, it was understandable.  But now that I go much less frequently (for reasons stated above - yes I fell victim to it), it is amazing.  My 2x a year visit, and it happens to be someone's birthday.  I wish I had those odds with the lottery.  They have some of the best chip's and salsa in town and great beers, both in the bottle and on tap.  And they just keep 'em coming....free of charge, like it should be.   My favorite sunday afternoon past time would be hanging at the bar, drinking XX Lager, and consuming mountains of chips.The burritos are excellent to - although I tend to stick to the bean burrito with enchilada style (with red sauce) since it does well left over.  And trust me, leave some food on your plate.  Or suffer the consequences (see above).  Cheese Crisps, Nachos, Fajitas and tacos are pretty tasty.Everything is smothered in cheese, beans, and rice and served on hot colorful plates...just like comfort mexican food should be.  I have never been disappointed with any visit to CO, well, except the time I found out they stopped serving the  choc-star-lite mints after dinner.  That was a real downer.
4	An unexpected find. A very homey and comfortable place. Food was fabulous! Had a steak chimichanga.....of which I've never tried before and it was amazing. The crispy outside and packed with goodness inside was just wonderful. The downfall is the portion size is enough to feed two people....so you will need to take the rest home..or share. :)
4	I wasn't sure about going here. It came highly recommended but I read some reviews and they weren't great. I think the problem is that some people have unreasonable expectations, especially after having visited for myself. The food was pretty good, the portions were unusually large and the service was far above average. This is not the best Mexican food I have ever had, but nobody at my table had anything but positive to say about their menu choices. My daughter in particular had an adult-size meal that she ordered from the kids menu. I tried it. It was almost as good as my carnitas chimichanga. I hope that people wait til they are in a better mood before they write their reviews. When a place truly sucks then I could see, but this place doesn't.
2	Carlos O'Brien's is perhaps the largest restaurant in the world (overkill? Maybe, but it's still a pretty big place) and there is this strange swing hanging from the rafters in one part of the restaurant.  I really wonder what it used to be.  But, now it's Carlos O'Brien's.  If you are dining in, order the queso dip.  It is delicious! But that's really all I would recommend.  Everything else is mediocre and super cheesy.  However, if you are using them to cater, I say order the mini chimis, mini tacos and mini flautas.  Great price to feed a large party at your house.Also, with the size, there is never a wait.
4	Wen here for cinco de mayo dinner....very yummy, had the pollo fundido, and the whole plate was more than enough for one person!... Highly recommend!
4	This was good for higher end mexican food, I am more of a fan of "truck/street food" but A great place for lunch!! big portions, good prices. The other reviews are dead on with the chips and salsa...very yummy!
1	I've lived in the Valley for 20 years and never ate here until a couple of months ago, despite it being highly recommended by a lot of people.I think I have to rethink my opinion on the people that recommended it....YUCK!!!!!! The food has no flavor and everything is covered in shredded iceberg lettuce and "mexican cheese blend."Plus the restaurant looks and feels like it hasn't been cleaned or changed since 1984.  I actually didn't want to touch anything.  Shut this place down.  You're done.
5	My husband and I love this place! It's a great spot for Happy Hour. Can't beat the prices, Margaritas are $3.50 during happy hour and they are yummmmmy!   Plus they have a bunch of happy hour meals for $5. Their regular menu has decent prices as well. We typically sit up at the bar which is open seating and we are served immediately.   The staff is great, always so friendly and attentive.  We have never had a bad experience or bad food here.  Great place! Keep it up!
4	Used to go here a lot with the fam when I was younger, not sure why we stopped. Anyway, went this week for lunch. It was just as good as I remembered. Nachos are super cheesy, great amount of shredded beef too. They are a meal all by themselves. They still have my favorite dish- pollo fundido. Chicken chimis, covered in jalapeno cream cheese, and topped with melted cheese. That's one thing about this place, they are not shy with the cheese, which to me, is OK. Waiter staff was great, very attentive with drink refills. I will have to go here more often.
1	My wife and I stopped in for dinner and margaritas. We were seated right away and served chips and salsa  from there we sat and waited and waited for our waitress to show up.  We ordered food and drinks together because we weren't sure how long it would take her to return. Good thing because she didn't come back until food was ready. I ordered the pollo fundido. The chicken had NO flavor and the cream cheese on the top was so thick you couldn't taste anything but cream cheese.  We will NEVER return!!!
4	Been going there, since I was a kid! Still a great place to gather, large parties of 8 or more never seem to be a problem. The Irish Mexican pops out a mean cheese crisp! And they even have wheat tortilla's! Foods fresh, place is clean, service is great, & the tacos ROCK, but for a kick, my fav. is the green chili burros done enchie style!! Race on over.
4	Wife and I went there for the first time.  I was suprised at the size of the place and at how modern and nice the atmosphere is.Our waiter, Daniel, was very personable and offered suggestions to my wife as to the chili sauce that was served with her meal.  She was a bit timid about things spicy and when she heard Jalopenos she veered away.  With a little coaxing though she tried it and then ate it all.She had a pork burrito which she gave a 4 star to.  I had a pollo fundido  which was good and certainly had a LOT of chicken in it.  I'd give mine four stars also  because I'm a pushover ofr lots of melted cheese.As mentioned before, the wait staff was very good.  Daniel really knew the menu and shared it with us.Will come again.
2	I tried this with a social coupon. The skinny margaritas are not that good. The food was o.k. but not worth the effort when I have better closer to my house.
4	So we went to Carlos O'Brians for lunch today. I have been coming here for about 30-35 years, so for the most part it's good. If it's not good, they'll fix it! I keep coming because I love their food "most of the time", but other times, not so much! It just depends on who's cooking!Today, I decided to order the poyo fondito(can't spell it) I took a bite and there was barely any cream cheese and hardly any shredded cheese melted on top and the chicken inside was very dry, so I asked the lady for more cream cheese & melted shredded cheese. She brought me back a bowel of orange marshmellowey looking stuff. At first I was like, eww gross, but then I tasted it and it was actually good. So I lathered up my burito and gained an extra 5 pounds, LMAO, Just kidding!Seriously though, it did take care of that dry chicken. So I guess you just gotta know how to fix your food when it doesn't taste right, right?
4	Tacos are stuffed to the max and they don't hold back on huge helpings of rice and beans. Jeannie loved her fish tacos.Service is great!  They have Maestro Dobel tequila...try it! Fyi...happy hour 3-7
3	Carlos O'Briens has been a staple restaurant for my family for years. My parents took me there when I was a kid, and I've been going ever since. It is nostalgic. The interior could use some updating, but the layout is unique, which I like. I can make a meal out of appetizers and desserts, so at Carlos O'Briens, I go for the chili con queso (cheesy warm goodness) and the tasty fried ice cream. Carlos O'Briens is an oldie but a goodie, they could just use some updates on the inside.
3	would be a 5 star if this was review was soley based on their $3.50 margarita happy hour specials! Pretty good prickly pear margaritas however a tad "syrupy" for me. The mexican pizza is enough to feed an army....seriously not your Taco Bell small pizzas by any stretch of the imagination!! Good chips and salsa with a bite!
1	Full plate of not so tasty and unrecognizeable food. tacos were soaked in grease.  Phoenix just doesnt know how to do Mexican food....:-)
1	Went there with friends. Had the pollo fundido. It was good. Problem was there was a table of 20 somethings near us. They were very drunk, and the waiter continued to serve them. They were obnoxious, yelling f bombs constantly. My friend's wife eventually became irritated with constant barrage of expletives. At this point, I asked them to kindly cut back on the f-bombs. You would have thought I insulted their mothers by their response. immediately, the 4 guys became belligerent and threatened to kick our asses. One guy even asked the waiter if he could beat me up. He said that he knew the owner and he could do whatever he wanted. At this point, we decided to leave with our meals unfinished. I didn't take my family out to fight with 4 drunks. I spoke to the manager. He did apologize, and admitted that they WERE REGULARS. Apparently, he did speak to them, as they were leaving while we paid our bill at the front register. The manager didn't offer to comp us anything for our troubles. At least it wasn't boring. If you like to fight with drunks, maybe they will be when you go!
3	Good - bueno..That's about it - went here with the family last month and we all enjoyed our meal. Only problem is I can't remember what I had....So, yes I was satisfied and would return, but I can probably think of a dozen more places I would go to for authentic mexican food first.I don't believe you will hate it but, you probably will not do back flips in the parking lot either!
4	Okay, the food is not the BEST mexican food in the world.  But sit in the bar area, it is real cozy with a nice authentic vibe.  Just good people having a good time.  No meat market here or anything.  Chips and salsa are good, but again, not the best.  Staff is awesome and they will really take care of you.  Ask for "Jose" - he will take care of you.  Tell him attorney steve sent you.  When he looks at you funny, just ask him for some hornitos!
2	Was my 1st time at Carlos O'Brien's, it was a friends 40th birthday dinner and this is her favorite place to go. I went with high expectations because she has told me over and over the past few years how good this place is.I arrived couple minutes after everyone was there and saw that the party (there was about 25 of us) was broken sort of into you, half the party down one side and other wrapped around the middle and the birthday girl was kind of not at either tables, just in the middle of the 2, which made it difficult for conversations to flow, you could talk to your half of the table, but if you want to talk with those on the other side of the restaurant, get up and walk over their then, needless to say, I stayed where I was at and talked amongst my fellow friends on my side, kept giving the bday girl a shout out and drinks to let her know we are here to party! Let's start with the salsa, their where 2 types, a pico de gallo and a hotter blend, which reminded me more of a smoky chipotle sauce.  Well the pico looked great, but had absolutely no flavor, no pepper ,no onion, no tomato flavor, not even the cilantro, which is my favorite ingredient to cook with, had flavor, even if you added salt and pepper to it, it didn't help.  The hotter of the two did have a nice smoky chipotle taste to it, so that was the one I went with it. I went with the filet of Salmon with mango salsa with Spanish rice and black beans.  The fish was perfectly cooked, and even though the top of the fish appeared to have some sort of rub on it, it too was lacking in flavor, I tossed on the mango salsa to see if that would help and sadly it did not, no flavor at all. I topped it with the smoky chipotle to give some sort of flavor and appearance that I'm not eating mush. The rice and beans were perfectly cooked, no issues there.  Had this dish had flavor to it, it would have been amazing, but nope it did not.Now like I said we were spilt into 2 along one sided booth table things from one end of the room to the other, and there was apx 25 if not more of us. But by the time my end of the table had gotten their food, the other half was already paying and leaving.  It was not because I was late; I got their in time for orders to be taken. This was poor planning on the server's behalf, half the party had ready left by the time we got our bills.  I was bummed because I was wanting to catch up with a friend I hadn't seen in a while and poof she was gone .  I wanted to like this place, but I'm afraid I am a onetime diner here.
5	This place is amazing! Where do I start? Carlos O'Brien's was my first eat-out experience when I moved here and I have gone back many, many times since. It's a great place to meet and eat - they have a huge restaurant with plenty of seating. The food alone is a reason to go, but the staff is always friendly and the service is very quick. My favorite dish is the CHICKEN FONDIDO! If you like fried chicken, cheese and cream cheese THEN LOOK NO FURTHER because the Chicken Fondido is the end-all be-all of amazingness!Granted that the food is not authentic Mexican, it is very interesting to combine Mexican and Irish food. Coming from a Spanish and Irish family, I felt quite at home looking at the menu and having to choose between corned beef and nachos.And it gets even better when you consider the prices. For the over-the-top portions you receive, the prices are very agreeable. The atmosphere is clean, friendly and inviting. If you're on a date you can ask for a more intimate table and they will be happy to seat you somewhere you can kanoodle with your date.Drinks from the bar are prompt and put together correctly. Never once have I had to send something back to be remade - even when I've ordered complicated mixed drinks.A couple can go and have dinner, drinks and dessert for under $30.I really, really enjoy this place and highly recommend it to everyone: single people, couples, families and friends!
4	I love this place!! I live down the street so I'm there at least once every couple of weeks, more if I had a bad day at work! The food isn't the best, but the carnitas dinner and con carne dinner is delicious!! The service in the bar area is amazing!! Definitely worth trying for happy hour or anytime actually...They treat you like family and we always end up making new friends. There are a lot of regulars that go so it creates a nice friendly environment. I highly recommend this place!
2	We use to eat at this place frequently going  back to the 80's. Frequently turned into seldomly and after tonight from seldomly to not at all. The food I ordered is very heavy and not healthy, like the McDonald's of Mexican food.  Loaded with crap it did not even taste good. I think they forgot how to make Mexican food. It's too bad, I liked this place.
5	So what can I say about COB as I call it? Well, heavenly goodness and joy comes to mind. I am a bit of a fuddyduddy when I go there becuase I love to get the #13 sampler dish. It has a little taste of everything I love at COB's. I love their tortillas, honestly for those I would give up soda for a year just for a batch of those warm desirables. I love the atmosphere and the service has never disappointed me. Every birthday my friend asks me where she can take me and I told her she already knows the answer, COB's. Thanks for being a staple here in Phoenix, you bring joy to so many.
4	We have ate here twice now. It is very good food. Service at the bar is great we always had a drink and the red salsa was my favorite had a good spicy flavor. I had the burrito smothered In red chili good flavor. This is the best we have had yet but have seen many places to try. We would definitely come back
1	Awful! My Mom and I decided to stop in and each have a taco with an iced tea. I ordered lemon with my tea. My tea was served with a lemon as requested but it had a long dark hair wrapped around the lemon. I told the server and he had the nerve to bring me another one, also with a lemon (it should have at least been on the side after that!). After that, our tacos were not so appetizing! The kicker? Our server still charged us for my beverage! We went to pay our bill and had to actually get the manager to take off the tea from our bill. The manager offered no apologies and seemed to smirking about it. All's he said was "These guys no better than that"! Too bad because my boyfriend loves this place. Accidents happen but it is how it was handled......never again!
3	Ok, so I grew up with Carlos O'Brien (the one in N Scottsdale), So I am certainly biased about the food here. I like it, it's nothing special, it's nothing amazing, it definitely isn't authentic, but it reminds me of my childhood. This was my first visit to this location and it was as good or better than the other location. I had a cheese crisp, and it came out waaay underdone...I sent it back (which I rarely do), but they threw it back in the oven and it came out crispy and tasty. The service was good and this location is HUGE. Anyway, I would go back for 'Arizona' Mexican food.
3	We used to go here years ago. Been going to ajo als and Arriba's since. They are just closer to where we live.I ordered the pollo fundido, which is what I order at the other places. It was drier and not as tasty as I've gotten used to. Still a good dish but it'll probably be years before I go back again.The service was awesome. The guy who brings the chips and salsa and refills the drinks- totally awesome. My drink was never below 1/2- I love that. We tipped him separate...
4	I was visiting the Phoenix area on business and tried out Carlos O'Brien's, which really doesn't sound like a Mexican restaurant. The food and service were both excellent. And the portions were enough to fill me up after a full of activity. The salmon was well done, as were the beans and rice.If I ever visit Arizona again I will definitely make a stop at Carlos O'Brien's.
2	Portions are huge but not high quality. Atmosphere is very dated. Spicy wings are too spicy.
5	I've been eating Carlos O'Brien's for over 15 years now and it's always awesome every time! I love the Pollo Fundito, pretty much what I get every time! Enchiladas are awesome too! If you order to go - I swear they give you more beans and rice than if you dine in... it's crazy!  Very good bar selection as well and they seem to always have some sort of sports on TV in there.
4	Amazing food and amazing service. Ordered chicken fajitas they were very good and the portion was really huge. My husband order #13 and thought it was unbelievable as well.
5	My favorite mexican food in the entire world! I have been coming here since I was born and everything I get is always delicious, consistant, and high quality. They have my favorite salsa and the best mexican rice and refried beans I have had at any mexican resturant.
5	My family and I stopped by Carlo's O'Briens while on a trip to Arizona. We wanted Mexican so I found them from Google. I was surprised because the yelp reviews were only around 3 stars but overall I felt GREAT service and Great FOOD!! Ecspecially the "Queso cheese dip" YUM! They have a nice patio with plasma T.V. . Overall great relaxed atmosphere. For the price this restaurant is Delish!
5	Been going since they opened on 16st & bethyhome rd. allways been one of my fav Mexican food spots n town  the hot sauce is great  & taco rice & beans top notch  all around great food good service.
1	Terrible. Long wait, food was a mess and unappealing. One of the worst places I've been.
2	My husband took me to dinner here once. For such a big venue it was extremely empty. Once the food arrived I knew why. The food was so bland. I could have made dinner that night for way cheaper.
5	We don't come here often but when we do it's great! We love the service and the food. The place is really nice inside and it's actually quite a big place, there is never a very long wait and fortunately for us we've been seated fast every time we've gone. We will be back again soon!
4	Went to the Avondale location and we had pollo fundido and the spinich enchilada.  Food and drinks were really good and service was great!
4	I love Carlos O'Brien's! It's not your traditional Mexican restaurant. I always get the Green Chile can Carne Chimichanga with their Jalapeno cream cheese. Service is always great.
4	First time there and it was excellent.  I had the shrimp enchiladas and they where great and my girlfriends pollo fundito was amazing. Good prices good portions.
3	3.5 stars actually. This location is HUGE! I mean HUGE! The area that we were in for my friend's party held a good 60+ of us with no problem. Although the service was great and the food was ok but the lighting was terrible. That was my only gripe. Where the food was set up for the party, was not in a well lit area at all. Could you see? Yes but it was VERY dark compared to not only the rest of the restaurant but even the area where we could sit and mingle. If they would have set this up in a different area, then I could easily give this a good solid 4 stars.. All in all great service considering it was a party of 60+.
2	Not sure what's happened to this place but it has gone down hill. We use to drive across town to eat here. We went here for a business lunch and it wasn't that good, service was bad and the food was slopped onto the plates. Sad to see one of my old favs turn into just another crappy Mexican food place.
4	Good food and fair prices. I have never had a bad experience here. Servers are always friendly and attentive.
4	I don't get to eat here as often as I once did, however this is still my go too place when I want some good Mexican food in a great atmosphere
5	We've been here about three times now an we have never left disappointed.  Great staff and delicious food with reasonable prices and large servings!!
2	I had a terrible craving for Mexican food the other night, and found myself in this complex doing miscellaneous shopping. So my son and I wandered over to this restaurant, having not been before, just recognizing the name. Walking in, it felt large and clean. It took a while to be seated, and when we did we were put in a corner booth. The waitress was nice, but short with her words. I ordered the chicken chimi with red sauce, and got my son the bean burrito kids meal. Food was just okay. I find myself only coming on here to write so so reviews, and maybe that's not fair as im picky! Probably due to being stuck in a corner booth, the waitress didn't check on us once, and I had to flag her down to get my bill. I suppose if you live in the neighborhood it would be okay to check out, but I wont be back. There are too many other authentic places in town to come here.
4	The fajitas were fantastic. We ordered the steak and shrimp and they were HUGE. Great portions. Fair price. I'll be back.
2	here for happy hour on the patio 1st strike was the lipstick on my draft beer glass. 2nd was the the very rude server who treated our group like we came to dine and dash... the good points the chicken fundio and them accommodating my friends lap dog on their patio. good food bad service. yo Pancho stop being an ass no tip for you buddy.
5	I've been coming to this place for over 15 years is a wonderful Mexican restaurant the food is very good and the price is incredible and their plates are enormous.
