5	I was married here in 2002. I had the outdoor gazebo wedding. They helped me plan everything over the phone. Then when I arrived in Vegas they called my hotel to confirm all of our plans. Where else are you going to have a night time outdoor wedding with picture proofs, limo service, and receive your wedding on DVD for $350. ONLY VEGAS BABY!
4	My brother got married here in Sep 2006.  For someone that was looking to have a small wedding, they managed to fit roughly 80 guests in the Chapel.  The inside reminded me of a ski lodge, with all the wood tones.  The Elvis-impersonator does real good renditions and made it bearable to sit and watch.  Definitely not on my list of things to do, but all in all, it was a fun time.
4	I got hitched here last month.  My parents were surprised that it was as nice as it was inside.  The service was a little rushed, and I giggled a bunch when the officiant made us promise each other our "exclusive intimacy" in front of 60 of our closest family and friends, but its Vegas, and they gave me exactly what I was expecting.  Flower bouquets were a little suspicious, and it was odd to have to pose for pictures on stage in front of everyone, but this place is a good deal and if I had to do it all over again, I probably wouldnt change a thing.
4	Short and sweet wedding with a metrosexual Elvis.I went here for a friend's wedding.  It was my first ever Vegas wedding chapel experience.  It's on Las Vegas Blvd.... along the stretch around Charleston where all the quickie chapels are located.  The Elvis who did the wedding had spent some serious time in the tanning bed, and clearly shaves himself.  He was also a good singer, and did a heartfelt rendition of "Love Me Tender" during the ceremony.  Instead of walking down the aisle, the couple rolled in with the help of a pink cadillac convertible.  Afterwards, the chapel puts the couple's names up on the marquee.  Who doesn't like that in Vegas?I don't have a reference point considering this is my only chapel experience, but it was fun.
5	You can get married by a zombie Elvis on Halloween?Invite 50 of your closest friends, have your choice of flowers and candles.Book it all on the internet in a matter of minutes, pay with credit card and toss some invitations in the mail!They were on time, super nice, and they give you a DVD of the ceremony on your way out the door so you can play it back at your big ass suite later.
3	Our friends got married here in the fall of 08. The Elvis that married them seemed really sincere and the little show they put on for the wedding was funny.  This is a wedding factory though so if you want to feel special and pampered it's not your kinda place.
2	My husband and I had our vow renweal there in May '09.  Though our ceremony was fun and Elvis did a great job, their customer service leaves much to be desired.First, when we arrived, there was a girl in front of us in line.  She told the person at the desk that she was from rural Alaska and doesn't have a boyfriend but always dreamed of going to a Vegas chapel and having her picture taken in Vegas.  She said she called ahead and it was approved by the manager but the girl at the desk was extremely rude and was practically laughing at her.  I can only imagine how humiliated this poor girl was.  Why do they care if she wants to pay money to have her picture taken with Elvis?  I didn't understand why they were so rude.We paid over $200 for our renewal ceremony.  Afterwards, I sent in the form for the four free pictures that were included in our package.  I then get a call from the Chapel that there are only 10 pictures that are in the consideration set for the free pictures and the rest all need to be purchased.  I think this is a rediculous rule and just another attempt to take as much money from each customer as they can.  I called the manager and told her that I do not remember that being explained to us and she was just as rude as the salesperson who humiliated the Alaskian girl.Who do these people think they are?  It's Vegas.  People are there to have fun.  I think they should consider catering to their clientele and start charging fairly and treating their customers respectfully.
5	YES!!! YES!!! YES!!! This place was amazing! As several of our guests said, "It was the best wedding I've ever been to!" It was the most fun I had since I started planning the whole thing! They were so easy going and flexible!! (It was supposed to be outdoor, but garden charm lost to air conditioning and the comfort of our guests.) The ceremony was short and very sweet. Elvis was fantastic. (Thank goodness we got Young Elvis!) The coordinators and minister were wonderful. I would definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a fun wedding!
5	My husband and I got married here in October 2008 and we absolutely loved it!  They were very helpful planning the event and helping to explain what I needed to do.  We traveled to the chapel all the way from Pittsburgh, PA and it was worth it! My husband and I got married here in October 2008 and we absolutely loved it!  They were very helpful planning the event and helping to explain what I needed to do.  We traveled to the chapel all the way from Pittsburgh, PA and it was worth it!  The limo was very nice.  Elvis was amazing!  We had gotten the rock-a-billy package and added on the pink Cadillac.  It may seem pricey for a 2 second car ride but the pictures are amazing.  The ceremony was over very quick (which is what we wanted) and was alot of fun.  We didn't bring our family to Las Vegas but they were able to watch online via webcam which was a total bonus!  Anytime anyone asked about my Las Vegas wedding, I always recommend going to this chapel, it's worth every penny!
5	My husband and I renewed our wedding vows here a week ago and it was a super fun experience!! Everyone who works there was friendly and helpful. The Elvis who married us was so fun and really set the tone for a wonderful ceremony. It was great to leave and see our names in lights over the strip as well!! We also loved the live webcam so our family and friends could watch the ceremony from home! If you are looking for a chapel in Vegas this is your place!
5	Introducing Mr. & Mrs. Joel & Carol Morin.. If you love Elvis then this is just the place for you! This Las Vegas wedding stars Elvis as your Master of Ceremonies and as the Pastor to conduct the marriage ceremony. I was wondering what was happening as I sat there waiting for the bride to enter, since her fiance, his best man and her maid of honor where already at the alter. Then all of the sudden the double doors opened and there was a Pink Caddy being driven into the chapel with the Bride in Tow and if I'm not mistaken, the brides entrance song was Introduction Also Spratch Zarathustra, it was the most amazing entrance I've ever seen at a wedding. Of course this is intended to be fun and represent a couple's sense of humor and spirit for life, but then there was the moments when they spoke their vows and it all became very serious and I shed tears of happiness. I always told myself I would never have a Vegas wedding.. but I'm starting to have 2nd thoughts, also for those family members who live to far, they have a live broadcast of the wedding. It was a FANTASTIC CEREMONY and I couldn't have been more honored to have been invited to witness this union
5	This place rocks. They saw us on short notice and took care of business. Elvis was amazing. Was worth the trip!
5	When it comes to your traditional Vegas wedding chapel, this place is the be all end of Vegas chapels. They have limos, themed rooms ,themed weddings and best of all.... ELVIS!!! Words can not describe how epic this place is. If your in town feel like renewing your vows or just getting married on a whim, head on down to the fine folks at the viva las vegas wedding chapel.
5	This is the spot where I married the greatest woman in the world. I didn't have Elvis preside over the nuptials, but he was definitely in the building. What can I say? The ceremony is perfect for folks who prefer to avoid all the pomp, circumstance, & expense. Going back to Vegas in the near future & may swing by for a renewal of vows. Love this place! Plus they simulcast on the Internet so the family near and far can watch and enjoy!
5	They put up with our rigamarole, and did a great job!
5	I'm not married...but trust me, if and when I DO get married it's going to be here.If you have a fondness for 50s Americana this place is amazing. All the 50s memorabilia is from the owner's personal collection from over the years. Everything is authentic, the furniture, jukeboxes, lighting, signage, appliances, glassware, just...everything.  I had seen pictures online that inspired me SO much I had to stop by last night and take photos. So that's what I did. I wasn't sure if the management would be ok with that, but I figured it was worth asking.  And the owner was really helpful and sweet, despite being literally BOMBARDED with weddings to do. He took a few minutes to show me the room I wanted to photograph, chat with me, and even pose in his Elvis outfit with the authentic 50s microphone for me (those pics are going on my blog in a few minutes!)There are about 30 different themed rooms you can choose from, the prices are reasonable, and there is a live video feed of your wedding, so all your friends and family who can't come can watch it live online. Just being there for 10 minutes inspired me to change my hair, my clothes, renovate my entire house, and do a new series of paintings. And of course there's a sign in the parking lot that says "ELVIS PARKING ONLY".  I guess I just wanted the world to know about this awesomeness that is the Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel. So there you go...my two cents.
5	We had our wedding here in 2009 with Elvis and it was fantastic!  Our Elvis was so much fun and oh he could sing!  This is the best way to do a wedding.  You just call them up tell the date and time and they ask you which package you want, what colored roses, and where should the limo pick you up.  Also, they live-stream the wedding over the internet so all your family and friends can watch it without being there!  We want to renew our vows just so we can come back!  Such a great experience, an Elvis wedding!
5	We were married there on 9/10/10.  I had booked the chapel back in April and had little contact with them since.  I was a little worried of how it would be once we were told to just show up.  Once inside, I was at ease.  The professional way we were directed was top notch. The Limo driver who picked us up and delivered us to our reception spot was equally as professional.  We had 12 people in our party and everyone walked away saying it was the best and most fun wedding they had ever been to.  The pink caddy knocked their sox off since we kept that a secret.  Elvis was funny and cheesy and romantic all at once. We had a hula girl added since we opted for the Blue Hawaii theme.   It was the perfect blend for us.  .  For a business who does weddings all day long, every day...they treated us as if we were their ONLY booking for the year.  The price for our wedding was super great.  They even streamed it live for all of our friends and family who could not be there to watch.  The video archive is accessable for up to 3 months.My husband and I were very pleased.  I was so wrapped up in the events going on around me, I had NO TIME to get nervous.  It was amazing.  I highly suggest this place for a wedding or renewal.  YOU WON'T regret it. The ONLY down side has been waiting for our digital downloaded pictures we purchased the next day.  I am sure that will be rectified soon.
5	We had our 10-year anniversary approaching and wanted to do something fun to celebrate.  We booked the Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel and got the Devil in Disguise package, which was a great surprise to all our friends who showed up, as my husband doesn't do any dress-up activities, even Halloween he won't wear costume.  The limo ride was fun and relaxing, no stress about how to get there on time, etc.  The ceremony was quick and entertaining, heard lots of laughter from our friends in attendance.  Can't wait to do it again for our 25th!
4	We done hitched ourselves in Vegas. And of course, getting hitched in Vegas means an Elvis, if you want things all right and proper. So we called up Viva and booked one of their 10/10/10 specials. Mostly what we wanted was a small, informal event. We chose the Doo Wop Diner Chapel, because it's not very chapel-y at all. (We're both godless atheists so the churchier chapels weren't quite our thing.) We mentioned the Yelp dealio and got a free DVD of our ceremony. The women who helped us set up the wedding over the phone were quite helpful, telling us about the online pre-registration with the Marriage License Bureau so we wouldn't get stuck in line for too long. They were friendly and did their best to put in special requests. (Not all of these were granted, but hey, it's 10/10/10, they had over 180 weddings that day.) And they spelled my name right on the marquee--a feat that's pretty difficult for my own mother, let alone perfect strangers. While initially we were told that we'd probably end up with a sedan, we were given a limo, which was nice, and helped us convey The Husband's side of the family with us to the locale. Our driver was super super nice, and swiftly conveyed us to our destination. He shepherded us into the lobby and got us checked in, and dealt with the aggro sister of another bride who thought we were jumping the line. (We weren't. We were just doing what our limo driver told us, but he apologised and got everything sorted out. To be expected when so many folks are getting married at once.)Our wedding coordinator ushered us back to the Diner area, ran us through a brief precis of the ceremony, introduced us to the minister who would actually pronounce us married, and then herded the family into place. Anyway, so the family comes in and gets all seated. Then we walk in together holding hands and the Elvis sings "When Fools Rush In/Can't Help Falling In Love". We are told we can slow dance. Since we ended up getting married at 12.30 in the morning, we got the fresh Elvis. (I wonder how bleary eyed and tired they were later that day. Maybe they ran the Elvises in shifts?) Our Elvis was pretty good, although I think we threw him with the fact that we didn't have any rings. (We exchanged high fives instead and said, "Go, Team Venture.") I KNOW we threw off the photographer, because he started getting us set up for a ring shot, and we were puzzled, wondering why he was having us hold our hands over the bouquet. Anyway, Elvis capped off the event by singing Viva Las Vegas and then we got a bunch of pics with the fam and Elvis before being taken outside for one final set of photos--us under the marquee with our names in lights and the date. It is true that your family and friends can only take pictures during the ceremony (and from the sidelines so they don't block the webcam streaming the event). This turned out fine in our case. My brother got quite a lot of decent pics. We plan on ordering a handful of the group shots, although as noted, they are expensiveish. Anyway, all in all, we got the wedding we'd hoped for: small, fun, relatively inexpensive. (Most of our wedding costs were in putting the fam up in Vegas and getting plane tickets.)Viva Las Vegas was a fun place to get hitched if fun and small are your goals. I enjoyed not having to fret over too many details. And our Elvis and driver were great. (The minister was genial too.)
5	We were married by Elvis a few days ago  (Visions of the King package).  The event somehow was both fun/kitschy and incredibly romantic.  We had a very simple ceremony (no guests).   Perhaps we were there at a slow time, but we didn't feel rushed at all.  Or maybe since we didn't have guests we were able to move through things faster.  Or maybe it's just that we wanted "short and sweet" and some others wanted a longer experience.We had the limo upgrade.  Arrived a bit early and did the paperwork, then waited outside for awhile before being called in.  Coordinator took us in to the chapel and told us what to expect, where to stand etc.I had the option of having Elvis walk me down the aisle (I did).  The songs we chose were Can't Help Falling in Love and Viva Las Vegas.Elvis seemed to be a really nice guy as well as being a great Elvis impersonator.
5	I got married here in 2009 and I couldn't be happier.For $500 I got a ceremony by Elvis, a photographer and a wedding DVD. I didn't have to plan a damned thing. I just showed up!My concern for an Elvis wedding was crossing the line from CAMP to CHEESE, but this was just flipping perfect.My family absolutely loved it and said it was the most fun they'd ever had at a wedding.We will be back for our vow renewal someday!
4	We were wed here by 'Alice Cooper' on 12/4/10,...brought an entire wedding party, stayed at the Hard Rock---had a great time! The chapel is FULL service, and their staff is absolutely the best!
5	Fantastic spot for a full fun wedding with no hassles.
5	This place is the only place you should even consider gettin' hitched at. We were married last week, and the staff was well-prepared and professional. The photographer, Kalin, got some great shots of our Elvis graveyard ceremony, and poses after the ceremony with family. The flower bouquet I was given was beautiful and fresh, and the limo driver was friendly, and flexible; she took us to Hofbrauhaus after the wedding instead of back to the hotel as originally planned. The chapel was clean, and honestly, after passing some of the others in that area, I was so happy I picked Viva Las Vegas for our ceremony after seeing the shape some of them were in. Elvis was simply fantastic with his officiating and song performance. I really cannot say enough good about this place. If we ever do a renewal in the future, we're doing it here.
5	Married here 2/8/2011. I could not have imagined my wedding being any better. Everyone that worked there helped make it the greatest day of my life.
5	This place is absolutely wonderful.Yes, it's fast. You're in and out in about a half hour. Depending on your feelings about weddings, that's good or bad. For us, it was good. No muss, no fuss, but TOTALLY FUN.Everyone we dealt with here was great. The greeter, the coordinator, the minister, the photogs, Elvis - they made our experience totally fun and memorable and not at all cheesy, but definitely campy and original.I'd say I'd go back, but it'll have to be for someone else's wedding. If you get married here, invite us, okay?
5	So so nice!!!  Perfect vow renewal. Thank you!
4	What trip to Las Vegas isn't complete without a wedding? Just ask Britney Spears. Well, fortunately for us, this was not a last minute decision and was "just" a renewal ceremony for our five year anniversary. We wanted a fun and silly ceremony that was not filled with the typical stress and complications of traditional weddings, and decided that VLVWC was the place for us. We chose well.To start with, their website has lots of information which, for out of towners, is extremely helpful. There are lots of deals/discounts for their ceremonies, so keep an eye out for that.My wife made a few calls to VLVWC and each time, talked to a friendly and knowledgeable person. All her questions were answered and there were no real surprises. The information packet provided also contained a great deal of helpful information and breakdown of the ceremonies and options available. (and there are a ton of options and packages, the ceremony before ours was a "Rock and Roll" deal with a hair band, etc)So, for the big day, VLVWC picked us up in a limo and drove us to the chapel. How cool is that? It made us feel special. We decided on a simple ceremony with Elvis (ha ha!) as the officiant. The Elvis we had was actually a great singer and sang two songs (one as he walked my bride down the aisle, and one to close out the ceremony). The photographer was fine and did not interfere or cause any disruptions. The streaming option is a nice choice for those with family and friends back home. Okay, so any downsides to this place? Uhm, perhaps. Well, to start with, I was told numerous times by the limo driver that a certain amount of money ($40 if I recall correctly) that was expected as a tip. I have no problem tipping a reasonable amount for services rendered, but on a 10-15 minute limo drive, I think that its rude to be so demanding. When I actually tipped her, she had the nerve to call me out on it and it really ticked me off, almost prompting me to verbally spew out some not-so-nice words. I think that VLVWC needs to just charge what they need to so everyone (Elvis, Limo, Photographer) is happy. The second point of contention I have with the place is their photography options. We had a set amount that came with our ceremony (15 images I believe), and there were only about 3 more that we wanted. Well, they charge a flat fee of $15 for shipping in addition to the cost for the images. Come on, this is the 21st century and I am an enthusiast photographer, this kind of highway robbery cannot last long. Maybe there needs to be an option for USB flash drive or some other kind of digital delivery. I know that bottom line they are a business, but digital is digital, and they are just going to delete the images eventually. Charge a reasonable amount and I will pay it. Either way, this place suited our needs and while not sure if I would recommend this place for an actual wedding; for renewals, it is perfectly fine.
5	My husband and I got married here in April of '10 and we had a really great experience.  The outdoor garden was very pretty and the ceremony was quick, funny and to the point- exactly what we wanted for our guests.  The staff was professional, organized and courteous. Our Elvis was awesome- great voice! It was easy to plan, especially from out of town and someone is always available to chat with you either on the phone or online and ease your concerns.  I agree with other reviewers that the photo situation was kind of cruddy, but we brought our own photographer so that solved that problem. I also love how they put your names up in lights afterwards.  I can't wait to renew my vows here! I know our weeding guests will be wanting to make a return trip as well.
3	This place is hilarious!Get the Cadillac special!
4	My partner and I want to get married, but darn it, they don't allow gay marriage in Nevada.Still, I really like this place - it's kooky and bizarre, and cater to all sorts of outlandish tastes.  Pay the money and they'll do it for you!
5	My BFF just got married here, and I have to say - it was seriously the wedding of my dreams!  Urm...her dreams.  No...of my dreams!You see, I always wanted to get married in Vegas by Elvis.  Alas, my mother had other plans.  As did my dad.  As did my husband.  And his parents.  To them, a wedding had to be...wedding like.  Which is totally ridiculous if you look at the history of wedding traditions.  But that's another rant for another day.So when my BFF got engaged and announced that her wedding would be in Vegas, married by Elvis, on the Day of the Dead...I knew that 1) this is why she is my BFF and 2) that this would be the wedding of my dreams.And it was.To start with - if you get the wedding package, they come and pick you up in a limo.  Which doesn't seem like a big deal, until you've had to navigate  through Vegas traffic...or worse...Vegas taxis.  Trust, this is a bonus and well worth the price.Secondly, once we got there, the people were just so amazingly friendly and nice!  They quickly wisked us away walked my BFF and her husband what would happen, told the best man and I (the maid of honor) where to stand and what to expect...and then BAM!  The most hilariously awesome wedding ceremony EVER happens!Third best part?  It was all on webcam, so friends and family that couldn't make it, could watch and celebrate with us...even if they were 3000 miles away.  YAY!No, it's not your traditional pastor in a white chapboard church...but hey, if that's what you wanted - you wouldn't have held the wedding in Vegas, now would you???For my husband and I's 5th anniversary, we're SO coming back here to get our vows renewed.  Cause, as far as I'm concerned, unless I've been pronounced "husband and wife" by an Elvis impersonator...the vows aren't binding.  Heh.LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!  AWESOME!
5	My best friend just got married here, and it was WONDERFUL.  Words really can't describe just how wonderful it was for Joe & Tate - and all of us walked away impressed with how well run this busy chapel is.  Definitely a great reason to visit Las Vegas - seriously how often is one driven into his/her wedding in a pink cadillac?  :)  Congrats Tate & Joe!
5	This was everything we wanted! My fiance and I are getting married in Mexico. We wanted to do the legal aspect before the wedding (doing a legal ceremony in MX requires way too many steps, documents, blood tests, translator, etc). We decided to surprise our bachelorette and bachelor parties and do it in Vegas. Neither group knew that the other was in Vegas that weekend. Before dinner we brought our groups to a surprisse event and drove to the chapel. Everybod met up at the chapel and was shocked to see the other other bachelor/bachelorette group. We opted for the Elvis Houndog Wedding. The VLV group was so enthusiastic. Elvis was wonderful. The staff at the chapel was excited and kind. While they schedule multiple ceremonies throughout the night, we still felt like we were the only people there. We had a great size group (5 guys and 5 girls). The couples preceeding and proceeding our wedding slot were great. It's a great energy. Fun, lighthearted, and goofy. There was comoradery because of the lighthearted nature of the setting. Plus, our parents and friends were able to watch the event online. This was way more fun than going to a courthouse. We were expecting to feel rushed and impersonal, but we felt the exact opposite. Elvis, the staff, and the judge made a concerted effort to chat with us and contribute to our experience. While we have a limited # of photos that come with our package, we were pleased that the photographer was extremely thorough with the photo session after the ceremony. So awesome! While there is a fee to archive the wedding after the event, I would definitely recommend doing it. We didn't and I ended up calling the chapel and asking if they could post it. They accommodated so easily.
4	This is a one stop shop for all the Vegas wedding packages. My good friend got married here on leap year and it was the event of the year! The people that run the place are very friendly, know customer service and will get you married in like 15 minutes. I swear there was like 8 other weddings going on at the same time it was really busy..There was the drive thru option, they themed room options and ours which was by a gazebo with pretty lights and chairs for the guests. The JP who conducted the wedding was legit! Said some really sentimental things, they video stream the wedding so those that can't attend get to watch the thing on the internet. Then they do the reception for you right after the super quick ceremony in one of their meeting rooms. I tell you, this place is no joke. If I ever decide to renew my vows I am so going thru that drive thru window!!
5	As far as Vegas chapels go this is the one you want! dont let the name fool you they do both traditional weddings and theme weddings! You can go up and down the strip all you want (and off the strip) and see how run down and dirty a lot of them look. NOT THIS ONE!  They are easy going and easy to work with even though my wife called what seems like a million times. I thought after awhile they would just stop excepting her calls.We originally booked the gazebo but after viewing the pictures realized it over looks a 4 story building. and re-booked at the garden. its in the back of the parking lot and out of view from your surroundings!In all the limo driver the minister and the wedding coordinator were very professionaland I would highly recommend this chapel to anyone looking to do a Vegas wedding!
5	*Sorry this is long-winded*My husband and I saw some Elvis weddings on the Travel Channel awhile back and always joked that we should celebrate the craziness that is being a Las Vegas local and renew our vows at a chapel.   So when the stars aligned and we found a deal for an Elvis ceremony AND found out that our friends were coming to town, we knew what we had to do.Since we are locals, we had the advantage of going in to Viva Las Vegas ahead of time to scope the place out and talk with someone in person about the different packages they offer.  We met Olivia who was really friendly and helpful and was generous enough to show us around to a couple of the areas were they have ceremonies.  First we saw the large chapel where I think most people get married, then the outdoor gazebo, and finally the Doo-Wop Diner.  We stepped into the diner, looked at each other and said, "Well, obviously this is it."There is a $100 deposit to reserve your ceremony.  They are very low key and if you need to change dates, times, wedding packages, flower colors, etc. they are willing to accommodate you (within a certain time frame, of course).  We had the Doo Wop Diner Package and that covered a two rose floral arrangement for me, a boutonniere for my husband, a photographer, six free 4x6 candid photos, a live stream of the ceremony on the internet, your name on the marquee, and two songs performed by Elvis.  This package was only $300.When we arrived for our ceremony, everyone again was very friendly and accommodating.  They took us back to the diner and gave a quick run-through of what was going to happen.  Then in came Elvis- in all his glory- in an awesome white jumpsuit covered in rhinestones.  I was so excited I was jumping up and down.  And then I realized how hysterical it was that I had an Elvis from the early '70s hanging out in a diner set up like the 1950s.  I seriously couldn't stop laughing for the next hour.Elvis started off by singing "Can't Help Falling in Love" while my husband and I danced (and while I was still laughing hysterically).  He then did a nice little ceremony that was sweet at first and then silly at the end, and cracked jokes with us throughout (like when my bracelet was stuck on my dress).  He ended with "Viva Las Vegas" and we acted like fools dancing around with our friends.Afterwards, they set us up for several posed photos and then walked us outside where we had our names lit up on the marque.  The Pros:-Super, super friendly employees- from the people answering the phone to Elvis himself-Although you are one of many having a ceremony that day, they never treat you like a number-Having your choice of several different venues for your ceremony-Many different packages to choice from, and something to fit anyone's budget-My mom got to watch the ceremony on her computer back in Pittsburgh and said it worked great and that she was laughing along with usThe Cons:-Taking the photos can feel a little bit rushed-The price of the photos when you go to purchase them (I think they are a bit overpriced, but I think that about most photographers)-There isn't a lot of parking availableWhat Makes Viva Different from Other Chapels:-You get to pick which songs Elvis sings (I was happily surprised to find that out- the other chapels had the songs picked out ahead of time)-There is a minister fee (standard everywhere) and a suggested tip for the limo driver. All other tips are at your discretion. Another chapel had forced tips for everyone involved (why not just charge more for the package?).  I tipped everyone we dealt with because they were all fantastic- but that's the point of a tip- they went above and beyond.-Your guests are allowed to take pictures of the ceremony as long as they stay seated (a HUGE no-no everywhere else I looked)If you are the low-key type out to have some fun, or you want to do something that people will always remember, or if you believe that a wedding is a way to say you love someone and not an excuse to throw a giant pageant and parade in your honor- then this is definitely for you.  Yes, it can go a little quickly and no, you won't be the only girl you see in a wedding dress- but you get to say that Elvis was at your ceremony!I had such a great time at our renewal and I really can't say enough good things about the employees here.  If you are having a Vegas wedding, definitely look into the Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel! Insider Info: While Olivia was giving us a tour before our renewal, I had mentioned another reviewer on Yelp.  Apparently mentioning Yelp gets you a free DVD of your ceremony!
4	We just got married and we had a pretty nice ceremony! I was pretty shocked at how expensive all the "extras" were. Like the pictures, we got 2 5x7's and 8 wallets  that was almost $60. You "tip" the minister $60! But that's cause they are privately contracted so I understood that. But the photographer we had was a little rude and pushy! Like when we were taking our pics she told me the bride to adjust my face a few times but never once said anything about the groom not smiling in one freaking picture! He said I really thought I was smiling! So now I think we are just going to get our pics done back home where they are not nearly as expensive and they will be awesome:) your also expected to tip EVERYONE on top of the hundreds of dollars you are already paying! I don't know it served its purpose and we got what we wanted out of it! Everyone else was really nice. I wold definitely recommend them to my friends and family. I was a little late they were a little nervous since they do have such a strict schedule but it was ok in the end.
5	When a friend told me he was getting married by Elvis at the Viva Las Vegas wedding chapel, I knew I would be crazy to miss it. This wedding was the perfect combination of cheesy fun and professionalism. After all, a Vegas wedding is still a wedding, and the Viva Las Vegas wedding chapel has a formula that works. The couple rode into the chapel in a pink Cadillac amidst smoke and flashing lights. Elvis jumped out and serenaded the happy couple, then commanded that they dance. Then there was a sweet, funny, exchanging of vows, awesome pictures, and a grand exit. Overall, the couple was thrilled, and all of the guests had a blast. This place is perfect for a couple that wants to go non-traditional, but doesn't want their wedding to be treated casually. If you can manage it without your family having a heart attack, DO IT.
4	Just got married here a few weeks ago. Pros: 1. Nice, sweet, short, to the point! Very well organized. Of course, I did feel a bit rushed, but hey, we had 30 minutes... and it goes by super fast!!2. They let us bring in our own music, which we had 4 different songs haha but they were happy to accommodate us!3. They let our friend set up our personal camera on the tripod to film.4. We were able to bring in our own photographer (for a $200 fee).5. Our name in lights outside was super cool and great for photographsCons: 1. when we got there, they said "ok so you have your own minister, but he isn't here, right?" My heart sank. I said, "No, I have my own photographer and she's right here." Thank goodness we were early b/c they caught the minister as he was literally walking out of the door. Thankfully, he was nice enough to stay and he did an AWESOME job. I was struggling to hold back tears.2. Half of my family/friends back home who tried to watch our wedding online were not able to view it. They actually were shown the wedding before ours and honestly this was not fixed for over a week. I was heart broken b/c that was one of the main reasons we chose this chapel. They blamed it on the weather (it actually rained!) but who knows. It's fixed now... at least.
5	My husband and I were married here last February and it was PERFECT for us!  Everyone was friendly, personable but professional.  The ONLY issue I would make would be the cost of the photos.  We eloped so we didn't have any other photos of our wedding other than the chapel's photographer.  Prices were steep, no way we could afford to get a copy of all the photos she took...  Otherwise, Elvis was great, he sang three songs and really made the whole event fun, exciting and unique! Thank you!
5	Absolutely the best! We were married there by "Elvis" and had a fantastic time. 38 people from Connecticut flew out there for the wedding and all said it was the best wedding they ever attended. The entire staff was friendly and professional. Special thanks to Olivia for her hard work and attention to detail. There was nothing cheesy or tacky about our wedding, it was fun and beautiful.
4	The ceremony was nice. It was short and sweet. Both my husband and i cried. My bouquet was very pretty and so were my bridesmaids.  The whole staff was very nice; even though we were running late. The only negative is they started the live camera anyway without telling us. Im totally mortified. They didn't even completely edit the all the extra footage out of the video that people watch after for 90 days.  My friends think its cute and funny. I'm sure I will too someday.  I can't wait to see the pictures taken by the photographer.
5	Got married March 12, 2013 at Viva Las Vegas. Originally, I was supposed to get married at 4 pm.  Some of my guests had not arrived so I called and they were so nice to move it to 4. Well, then at 3 I realized we had not gotten our marriage license and when we got to the court house there was a line from hell! I knew for sure we wouldn't make it at 4! I asked my husband to call the chapel again! He said they were awesome and went ahead and moved it to 8 pm. I was so happy we booked it here! Everyone was so pleasant and very accommodating to unorganized people like me!! I married in the gazebo and it was beautiful!! The photos were awesome!! The limo driver was awesome too!!!!  This IS the best wedding chapel!!!!!
4	My husband and I were married on 3-1-13 I liked how we were able to control out wedding and make it OURS! Really enjoyed the garden thank you :)
5	I worked with Brian for 9 Months. He was absolutely wonderful. Took care of every detail, right down to being my Elvis. The limo driver was so nice. Everyone had a great sense of humor, light hearted and the honeymoon package is TO DIE FOR! I'd love to come back and do a vow renewal. The photos are a little "off", but I'm hoping my hired photographer took some better shots. The chapel was great and I really liked the fact the minister was male. The holding room for the first look package was so fun. Not one complaint from me. Loved every bit of my wedding. Thanks to all the staff!
5	This was the second marriage for both me and my groom, so we decided to have some fun and do it up Vegas style.  After doing some research and reading great reviews on Yelp, we decided on Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel.  Dianne took all our information over the phone five months in advance and charged us for the deposit.  Very easy.  After a few months, groom and I decided to add a few features, including lights, fog, and the pink Cadillac entrance.  All this was done over email and, again, was easy.  We paid off the balance in April and received a confirmation that everything was booked.  Still smooth sailing.The day of the wedding, our limo driver was in contact with us and picked us up right on time.  I was afraid that once we arrived at the chapel, we would feel rushed, like cattle being moved through the slaughter house.  That was not the case.  Actually, the staff was warm, calm, and very welcoming and if there were other weddings going on (which I believe there were), I couldn't tell.  Things did move along swiftly, but not at all rushed. Groom and I went through a two minute-long rehearsal run-through and went outside to meet with Elvis in the Cadillac while our guests were shown into the chapel.  Elvis (I think it was Brian) asked us how we met and about our first date and drove us into the chapel where the ceremony went flawlessly.  He incorporated our how-we-met story to make it a more personal event (nice touch!).  After the ceremony, we were escorted into a side room where a minister asked, "Do you? Do you?  Okay, you're married!"  Short, to the point, awesome!  There was a 15-minute photo session and guests were allowed to take pictures with Elvis.  I found him so accommodating and warm.  I know he must do this a gazillion times a day, but we all still felt very special.  That meant a lot.As far as the online features, I couldn't be more satisfied.  The live webcast worked flawlessly and we had countless friends and family tune in to join us.  Also, we mentioned that we read the Yelp reviews and that got us a free DVD of the ceremony.  Bonus!  Overall, it was an absolutely fun and easy way to plan a wedding (how many brides can say THAT?).  The staff was incredibly helpful and made the process so smooth.  All our guests had a blast!  We really could not have asked for more!
4	Renewed our vows with Elvis! Great experience, pretty professional. Got us a space quickly, as this was decided on a whim. They seem to have a lot of options to choose from, and the venue is actually pretty nice. (Great for pics FO SHO!)  Loved it.  The only con is that the photographer made us feel very uncomfortable afterwards telling us about all her medical issues, basically trying to get more cash out of us. We really just wanted to enjoy the moment together, and she took that from us.  Otherwise, we'd give it 5 stars.
4	What a fun and friendly place this is! We got married in the 1950's Do Wop Diner but we also got a walk through of the outside chapel etc... From the moment we walked in, the people at the front desk were nothing but helpful and happy. Highly recommend this place if you want something fun and stress free! Took 1 star off for only have a list of 5 Elvis songs to chose from...
3	Let me give it to you straight. If your main focus is just to get hitched and you are not gonna sweat the details then this is a fine place to do that. You are not going to be nickel and dimed, the people are nice, and they get the job done. Some issues that kept it from being perfect, the person who took my initial deposit had no clue what they were doing and didn't finish setting me up. A few weeks went buy with no confirmation of payment so I called and that girl didn't work there anymore so they fixed it. My website had the wrong names so I had to call again for that. For the pink caddy ride some regular guy picked us up even tho I was told it would be an Elvis impersonator. My photos were finally uploaded today and some of them are crooked and just terrible shots in general. There are about 25 out 87 shots that are nice. In the chapel the carpet is hideous, green, old, and damn near impossible to walk on in heels. They have a black tarp covering it for the caddy to drive in and you would think they would cut that out for the video shot, nope it's very obvious. I called today to see when I can expect my photo CD and their phones are having issues like they didn't pay the bill. It's a very affordable way to tie the knot but if you find yourself spending enough to have it at a casino, do so.
5	My husband and I got married here last August.  The staff made this process simple and easy.  The atmosphere was slightly outdated, but the experience was EXACTLY what we hoped for.  Also, our Elvis was over the top in the best way possible!
5	Ok, since I grew up in Las Vegas, the last thing I wanted was a typical Las Vegas Wedding, however, with my family unable to travel very far and since we were on a tight budget already with our unique wedding, we really didn't have much of an option. With that said, my Husband and I are SUPER happy we went with this chapel! We had an Addams Family themed wedding on Halloween this year, and it was EPIC thanks to this chapel! I think one of the things that makes this chapel awesome, is that they are all about "the show." Everyone is extremely friendly (not pushy or sales-y), and they are open and willing to customize your package. We were told from the beginning that they could do any kind of theme our little hearts desired (except nudity, lol).Naturally, we went with the Gothic package complete with fog, lighting effects, and the whole nine yards! The best part of the ceremony was our officiant: the Grimm Reaper. As the Bride, I did not mind one bit when he stole the show, lol! He really made the ceremony extra special! We really weren't expecting much, but holy cow, did he deliver!Everything about this chapel is amazing! It is also the only chapel that allows your guests to take pictures during the ceremony and they even have an option for you to bring your own photographer if you like, (you do have to pay a fee, but it is very reasonable). In case you don't think this detail is very important, consider this: My Mother got married at another chapel downtown where they did not allow any outside photography of any kind, only theirs. Which seemed OK at first, but not when they fired the photographer before he uploaded the pictures of my Mother's wedding! So there you have it, she paid all that money and to this day she has never seen pictures of the ceremony. ANYWAYS, my point is that for this chapel to allow outside photography is a big deal....pretty much no other chapel in Vegas offers that (we checked).Another perk is that you can have the ceremony streamed live and archived for 90 days. Pretty awesome considering we had a lot of family and friends who could not make it out...so it was extra special for them to still be able to see it. It is also pretty neat that we can share the video on the web with everyone!I will say that we never get tired of hearing "that was the best wedding we've ever been to!" -- even our wedding photographer said the same, and imagine how many weddings she sees per year! I'd say Mission Accomplished!We really want to send a big THANK YOU to the staff of Viva Las Vegas for making our wedding the most epic night of our lives!
5	We live in San Diego and decided to do a smaller Vegas wedding to keep costs & guest lists down. We booked a trip about 6 months prior to our big day to tour different chapels. My husband had his heart set on an Elvis ceremony, but other than that, we didn't have a lot of "musts". Some were cuter on the outside with storybook chapels, some were cheaper. But we found that a lot of them came with a lot of rules. I wanted to come to Vegas for an easy wedding, and a lot of those rules just felt more stressful. When we went to the Viva Las Vegas Chapel, I just got a good feeling. People were very nice, took lots of time to walk us around the venue, answer questions, etc. I loved that guests could take their own photos as long as they didn't leave their seat, I could have a flower girl (& she wouldn't be required to then pick up all her petals, like some venues), & I wouldn't be confined to a very strict 15 minute window like other chapels where we literally saw a line of weddings, waiting for their 15 minutes of time, before being ushered into another room to make way for the next couple. We combined the garden chapel with the Viva Las Vegas w/ Limo Elvis package. I special ordered a bigger bouquet for myself, kept the 3 rose bouquet (& ordered an additional one) for my 2 bridesmaids, a Boutonniere for my dad, and petals for my flower girl. All the flowers looked great! The limo driver was great to work with. He picked us up & dropped us off at our hotel (The Cosmopolitan) with no problems.When we arrived at the chapel, they had everything ready, did a quick walk through with us and our small wedding party, then put us in a room while our guests were seated. The ceremony was sweet, but still fun. Our Elvis was great (my grandma still talks about how great he was & she originally did not like the thought of us having Elvis perform our wedding). & afterwards they gave us great instruction on how to obtain our official marriage certificate. The webstream of our wedding was GREAT!  I have such a big family (that we didn't invite) & they LOVED being able to watch at home and I loved knowing that they were watching. Our photos turned out great ! But they are pretty pricey, in my opinion. I get that's just how it goes for wedding photos. $19-$29 per photo just to download it (not to have a print). You have a year after your wedding date to purchase them, though. So if you can't afford them right away, you can get them later. My only complaint is that the marquee wasn't working properly on our day so we didn't get to see our name in lights. I get that stuff happens & it didn't ruin our day, but I had been looking forward to that. They photo shopped it into a photo for us, but it's not really the same. The planning of our day over the phone was really easy, & when we checked in with them the day before, nothing had been missed. Our wedding day went seamless, we didn't feel rushed, we felt taken care of. I'd definitely recommend them!
1	I helped preparing a wedding for my brother. After searching around, I decided to go here since they allow guest to take picture. I called in and made reservation. They took my $100 as a deposit and said I will receive a confirmation letter in 24 hours. I waited two days and didn't see anything so I called back. Finally I got it on a third day. First strike! On the day of the wedding, we drove 5 hours from OC and get here 45 minutes before our appointment. The bride was behind by like 15 minutes and they didn't let any of us use the restroom until she got there. Second strike! There was no wedding before or after us.We asked if they have a changing room so we can get dressed up.  They said there is not And told us to use the tiny bathroom to change. I walked to the bathroom and saw a dressing room open, unoccupied. Again, there was no other wedding before or after us. I don't think they are being very helpful about the situation.  What do they have to lose If they let us use the dressing room for a few minutes. Third strike! On a positive note, the wedding was done quickly. The photographer seems nice. Hopefully we will get some good pictures since we were not allowed to move around to take pictures during the ceremony and no group pictures were allowed inside the chapel. They definitely want you to purchase pictures from them. Overall I was not very impressed about this place. I would not recommend this place.
2	My wedding was 2-27-14.  We looked around for a chapel in Vegas and found that this one was our favorite.  We really liked the marquee option and 50's diner.  On the web site it also said you could create your own wedding package.  I emailed the chapel and one of there wedding coordinators responded right away.  Shannon was awesome and every question I had she responded quickly and it was super easy.  She said I could pay in full at the chapel the day of but I didn't want to deal with that the day of my wedding so she told me how to pay online.  I emailed Shannon and she assured me that I was paid in full.  The day before my wedding I went in and the gal behind the counter assured me it was paid in full and I signed my receipts.  The day of my wedding completely different story. They said I had a balance remaining.  I told them I had just been in there and they said it was paid in full.  They couldn't figure out what the problem was but said I could talk to the manager.  I had my whole family there so I wasn't about to delay my wedding to do so.  We were on a time frame because of dinner reservations.  I paid and said I would talk to the manager after.  When we walked in everyone was there and that's when they decided to ask us what kind of vows we wanted and music.  The flowers were wrong which they corrected.  The photographer was a Gestapo!  Everyone thought she was a *****. The minister was AWESOME!!!!!  SO MUCH FUN!!!  At the end we had to take pics and when I said that I would like a certain pose she cut me off saying we weren't there yet.!!  My wedding was not even 5min long but the photographer was rushing us through.  I ended up writing a email to Shannon to express how I appreciated her but how it fell apart and I would just like a refund for the extra I had to pay on my wedding day.  She responded quickly and was awesome.  Her manager Brian emailed me right away and said he could give me a refund or give me a credit on pics.  We chose the pics.  He was great.  Chose pics and when I finally got them, they sent them to the wrong address,  2 where wrong.  One was the wrong size and one we didn't even order.  I emailed Brian and he was great once again, forwarding my email to Cindy who was in charge of the photos I suppose.  She not so great.  She said the one picture was not the right size because it would have looked bad and she said she would fix the other picture. She never called to explain the wrong sized picture.  If so I wouldn't have even worried about it or brought it up.  She didn't apologize or anything.  I was going to give a better review because Brian was on top of it but the pictures are the last straw.  Come on!!!!
4	So super happy with this place for our vow renewal.  Everything was on time, efficient, and such pleasant staff to work with.  Was always impressed with the online chat feature, which helped answer all my questions quickly.Only lost one star because we asked for our nicknames on the marquee and they put our regular name.  Plus we thought cake and champagne were available for our 15 guests at the reception afterwards, but it was only for the bride and groom. Still, TOTALLY worth it :)
5	Very helpful staff,  helped us plan exactly what we wanted.  Be sure to cover all that you want, everything is extra. Photographer was awesome & the lady who.put our album together was awesome.Didn't feel rushed and ceremony was just right amount of time.
5	This was the most beautiful ceremony, and if you get the photographer, they like to take a lot of pictures. But my only tip is to show up maybe a day before to sign all the paperwork and everything so that you won't be waiting around in your wedding dress while guest start to show up while they file the paperwork away. Other than that, everything went smooth. The drivers were awesome and knew all the side roads so we wouldn't be late. My husband and I had a great time and enjoyed everything.
1	You're a number. You know you're a number. It's all good, you're in Vegas and you expect to be a number. Except these people take it to a new level and are incredibly nasty and horrible and you're a number on top of it all. I specifically chose the option where I DID NOT WANT A LIMO. 45 minutes before we were meant to leave for the wedding, I get a call that we have a limo pulling around right then. They ended up charging us an extra $75 for being late to the limo....late to the limo we didn't know we were getting. Another  $100 extra because OUR FRIENDS BLINDFOLDED US. So we paid the First Look package since OUR OWN FRIENDS MADE SURE WE DID NOT SEE EACH OTHER. The 'wedding planner' never communicated with us and then held us responsible for all kinds of details in the moment that we simply paid for because, it was the day we were saying 'I do' and at the time we just would have rather paid than bitched and moaned and tainted the experience. In hindsight, these people are horrible, the only good part about them is that they put your name on the big sign........waaaaaay further down the strip than they advertise. Cool pictures, but they nickle and dime you like crazy. They advertise that you can have people taking their own pictures and then they send a photographer to your ceremony that is a big, fat nasty cow that yells at anyone taking their own pictures.Reverend..Ron, or whatever his name was.. super mean and nasty. Told me that I should, and I quote, " throw out that story." That story being the way I met my now husband. I guess because we met at a karaoke bar and he's upholding such "god-felt" beliefs. He told me that 3 minutes before I walked down the aisle. These people are all horrible. You don't feel at all good in their presence. I hope this place drowns. DON'T GET MARRIED HERE.Complete disappointment.As is all of Las Vegas. This place made me wish we'd made any other choice. Such a major let down.DON'T DO IT!!!
1	To start off our limo driver was horrible! Who tells you to turn down the music or else hes going to turn it off. I understand we were late and was okay with sending him home but he was still there. He only had to wait 10 minutes at the most. He should of been there early with room to spare. Then we get there about 5 10 minutes late and they say we have to pay a rescheduling fee of $100. The limo driver should have came earlier, not right when we are suppose to be there. Then we wait the 2 hours for the wedding to start which was suppose to be at 8:30, mind you they had the extra time to catch up since we rescheduled, and they still had not prepared us. Then at 8:45 they pull us in. 15 minutes after the wedding was suppose to start. I don't see why we could not have just started at the time we arrived earlier if we were 10 minutes late earlier. The wedding didn't actually start until about 9ish. The ceremony was lovely just quick. Then come the next day i called them to request the gas card that they forgot to give me and i forgot to ask for and THEY said that is okay they will credit me $50 photo fee to order through email. Now come a week later they never sent it. So i start a chat up with them and they said they never said that and they can not give me the credit and they went back and reviewed the security tapes and said that the owner was very displeased with my wedding party who was voicing their opinion and that we are lucky that they didn't kick us out. They made it seem as if because of my wedding party they were taking it out on me. Which is ridiculous. I am very dissapointed with their customer service! I do not recommend them. They are over priced. i thought i was getting more for the $650 that i payed. Should have stuck with the smaller packages. They said the ceremony would be a half hour. it was 8 minutes long.
1	Got married here .. paid about 700 dollars for 10 minute ceremony the staff were very rude especially the limo driver . The packet came with a 50 dollar gas card which they denied us , when we asked for it they told us were lucky we didn't get kick out.  It's was an embarrassment that all my friends and family had to drive all the way out of state to get treated poorly by them .
4	We had a wonderful time at the chapel! We requested a special theme of our own....Spaceballs. Yoan contacted us early on and was very prompt and clear with his instructions on what we could or could not do and what the charges were. We made our deposit and continued to talk with him regarding plans. We had a wonderful experience but there were also a couple of things that could have been done a bit more efficiently...Pros:- Super fun! The officiant dressed up like Yogurt and did a great job at making the ceremony fun! - The chapel was a great layout. Loved the smoke and the entire ambiance of the church. The way they introduced Yohgurt was awesome!- They accommodated our larger than normal party. - All of the staff was super nice. - Limo was on time and super friendly!Cons:- If you have a fairly large party (more than 10, we had about 30), there is no place to wait other than outside. There is no place for large seating, so most of us were standing in the sun. - She asked what names we go by. We stated several times it was Ricky (not Richard), but the name still came up as Richard. - There was some confusion as to what we requested in regards to officiant. I talked to Yoan a lot about the officiant situation (we had our own but was told we also had to pay for theirs). We were told their officiant would work with ours to create a ceremony, but that never happened. When we arrived, we were asked repeatedly if we were having our officiant or theirs do the ceremony. It took some time to resolve it and honestly the staff we talked to never really listened to what we needed. However the officiant (Yohgurt), was amazing and fixed everything!!! He really saved the day!!- I didn't realize that the live feed was not included in the package. We had to pay another $25. The guests saw it but I can't see the 30 day archive yet on our page. All in all, it was a great experience! I don't think any other chapel would be able to pull this off!!! The officiant was fantastic, but I think their support staff needs better organizational processes for details. Thank you so much Viva for making a memorable wedding!
4	So cute ceremony that Elvis sung & had the Bride & Groom dance for #raykiko Ramon & Makiko Owens
5	I am very happy with how everything went.They are a well oiled machine, like others have said, you are a number but they do do their best to meet your needs. The welcome packet is very helpful. I was in touch with them through out preparations and was happy with how everything went.  The bouquet was right, and Elvis's sash matched my dress!We had about 25 people attend, so it was a nice group in the chapel, though like others have said, there is really not a lot of places you can wait.We did the Pink Cadillac drive in wedding, streamed live, and bought the DVD (and VHS omg, so funny!) All in all, it was quick and clean and a lot of fun to dance during the ceremony. Our photographer was excellent, Elvis was fun and everyone had huge smiles on their faces.And our names on the marque outside is a really cool touch, glad we got photos of it.Thank you so much for making this such a great memory!Christine & Gregory11/15/2014
1	Not sure what it's like inside or what type of services they have since the parking attendent killed it. Told me not to park in handicap without knowing my daughters condition. I hadn't even parked my truck when he started yelling. Wth?? I have a handicap sign and my daughter was in the truck. Lesson learned never turn away business!!! People like this really upset me. He could have waited till we got off the truck so he could see.. This makes me angry! ! We're still looking fur a chapel, but definitely not going back to Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel.
5	Got married here. It was a fantastic experience. Our guests, who included my reluctant and embarrassed mother, had a great time. My mother said it was the best wedding she had ever been to. We had an Elvis wedding outside in the gazebo. The pictures online are very accurate. Our Elvis was was super cute. Out photographer was AWESOME. I didn't think much about photos but they came out so well I am ordering several. She was amazing, friendly, and took a great deal of time and effort. Overall the experience was fantastic.
4	I just got married, 01/01/15, at Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel with a themed Elvis wedding. I have to say it was a great experience. My two friends and I had a ball dressing up as Elvis and my wife as a Marilyn Monroe and my nieces and friends as various other characters. It was a pleasure dealing with the staff at Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel. Olivia, who was our wedding planner/coordinator was an absolute pleasure. Very friendly and helpful from the time I called to inquire, through the reservation process and checking us in and getting us through the wedding.  Our 'Elvis' was also awesome!  He made the event that much more enjoyable for all of us. Our photographer, Kalin, was also very pleasant to work with. He certainly knew his work and guided us through the staging of the wedding and the photo sessions afterwards. I would have given Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel five stars but for two reasons, albeit small reasons that could be improved upon. They are:1. Although my friends and I got lucky and looked great in our costumes, if you are doing a themed costume wedding, you may want to consider bringing your own costumes. While Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel isn't a costume shop per se, they could certainly look to upgrade the quality and quantity of their costumes. As I said I'm nitpicking. 2. The limo service driver, who is employed by Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel seemed somewhat disinterested in our wedding when he picked us up. Rather than engage us in a friendly manner and make us feel welcome, it seemed as a chore to pick us up. At the end of our wedding, we were rushed to change out of our costumes and rushed in general because he had another pick up!  Not very customer friendly whatsoever.  If there are other jobs then the limo service should be spaced apart to ensure clients don't feel rushed!If and/or when my wife and I renew our vows, I would without question consider doing so at Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel.
