4	I don't know if Abay is the best Ethiopian restaurant ever, but it is the only one in Pittsburgh, and just because they sort of rule the roost doesn't mean they slouch with their food. Everything is delicious. Every single thing (except Butecha, the only thing I wouldn't recommend. Actually, I wouldn't suggest getting their ice cream either. It's mediocre.)The first time I had injera I hated it. It reminded me of the texture and feel one would imagine fake skin for movie effects would have. So, it was an acquired taste.Ayib Be Gomen has become my favorite favorite food item. Nothing but collards and cheese on injera, and so amazingly flavorful. The spicy items are actually spicy, not just fake warm-ish. The meats are tender. The vegetarian items are fairly extensive.Abay is really a good choice for a mixed crowd, especially because you can order combination platters with 4 items. And you get to eat with you hands! How fun is that?If you are not terribly tall, try sitting at a mesob. If you are tall, the chairs can be extraordinarily uncomfortable for a long meal.
5	This is only the second Ethiopian restaurant I have been to, but I like it a lot.  This place has a neat atmosphere and seems to attract a diverse mix of people.  We got a combination platter, with lots of mushy stuff on top of spongey bread.  Although this may not sound great, it is!  You scoop up your food with the bread and eat without utensils.  They had some interesting sodas and other Ethiopian beverages I would recommend trying, as well as the spiced coffee.
3	I am happy that Pittsburgh has at least one Ethiopian restaurant.  I am a little biased in terms of the food as I have been to multiple Ethiopian restaurants in Washington, D.C., considered one of the best cities for Ethiopian food.  Abay is decent.  Nothing really special, but decent, good food.  For those who don't want to sit traditionally, there are tables and chairs in the back.
5	Abay is amazing, and I'm a bit snobby about food. Highly recommend Ayib Be Gomen and Gomen Besiga (beef/garlic/greens). The tea is amazing too. We ate until we were stuffed. MMMMM
4	Good food, good experience! The restaurant is small, but has a lot of depth ....literally and figuratively.This is a fun dining establishment, whether it's for a date or small groups. Get ready to use your hands because you'll be using injera (flatbread) instead of utensils. They welcome guests to byob, however there is a small corkage fee for wine ($2.50). There are a variety of meat and vegetarian options, and save some room for the pumpkin sambussa dessert! If you can't street parking, try the open lot by T-mobile/Barnes&Noble. Expect to wait a bit for dinner on the weekends if you come later in the evening.
5	So when Abay was the only Ethiopian place in Pittsburgh it was my was one of my favorite places to eat--seriously, I went nearly once every week.  The staff is friendly, the ambiance is great, the selection is wide and the food is AMAZING.  Now that it's not the only one (Tana recently opened around the corner on Baum Blvd)--it just got BETTER.  Not one to be disloyal to my friends over at Abay, I still wanted to try the new place just to see how it compared.  Well the verdict is, it doesn't.  There were far less choices on the menu and the menu was unclear--and the waitress had no idea what was going on.  The food arrived and from the very first bite it was disappointing.  It was cold and completely flavorless.  If you like Abay stick with it, Tana isn't worth spending the money to even try it.  And if you want to try out something new and flavorful at an Ethiopian place, skip over Tana and head straight to Abay!  I think I'm gonna have to go there for dinner to get the awful Tana flavor out of my system...
4	It's okay. It's obviously not the best Ethiopian food I've had, but possibly the best in Pittsburgh? Okay so there are only 2 places in Pittsburgh. I'm really not sure what to say about it.  I really like Ethiopian food so I think everyone should try it at least once if they haven't had Ethiopian food. I love injera and it will become more expensive since there are some issues w/ teff production in Africa. Anyway, that's just an aside.
5	Abay was the first restaurant I ever had Ethiopian food in, and I loved it... Right now I am in North-Cal, have eaten Ethiopian food at three different restaurants in the area this summer, and none of them have compared to Abay for me... The restaurant has nice decor & ambiance, friendly staff. Just be cautious about what time you go to eat so that you are not waiting there forever! Around 8PM on weekends it is packed and you have to wait  quite awhile because it is becoming a more popular place.My favorite dish is the Shiro Wat, I love spicy food and this one hits the spot! I am also a meat-eater and Abay has made me love vegetarian food!
5	They say the first time might not always satisfy but will always be memorable.  Well i lost my Ethiopian virginity at ABAY and it was not only memorable but satisfied as well.  When i stepped through the entrance the soothing decor began to awaken my palate urges and my eyes began to wander around to the other tables as i took quick glances yet never stared at the different creations of every plate.  Unlike most first times i began with a little fore-plate of pumpkin soup.  Well lets just say the soup played along and teased my stomach as each bite left less and less in the bowl.  The good news was i wasn't prematurely full.  I knew i had the main course coming.  Being in an adventurous mood i went for the combination platter.  I toyed and played with the multitude of choices and eventually selected the Kay sir Denich (potatoes and beets),Azifaf (lentils and garlic),  shiro wat (chick peas and lentils) and the meat was dora abish (chicken).  Each individual dish could of pleased me in its own way, but when you squeeze them altogether on the injera sponge bread the sensation and music that played in my mouth made me finally realize where the fulfilled smiles comes from on the two individuals who lay  in their own tub sitting atop a majestic view.  Now Hyperbole aside if your looking for something new and different and want to get away from the missionary of fried fish or zucchini of  your reliable burgh partner give abay a shot and let it be satisfying as well as memorable.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat in the Burgh. Everything is so tasty. the place is usually pretty full so expect to wait.   I hope I can find something as good here in LA.
4	My wife and I have been eating here since it opened.  We were very excited to see Ethiopian food come to Pittsburgh.  Growing up in DC we were accustomed to eating at places like Meskerem, Red Sea, and Zeds, and would eat a lot of Ethiopian food on trips to the West Coast as well.  Abay is very good.  The food can be fairly spicy (I like it very spicy so I usually add MitMita as well.  There is a decent selection of dishes both meat and vegetarian.  Having eaten here at least a dozen times, my one criticism is probably that it can be a bit inconsistent.  We often order very similar dishes when we dine there, but sometimes we are surprised at what appears on our Injera.  Its not that they messed up the order, just that the recipe/person doing the cooking that day seems to have changed substantially.  That said, what comes out is usually tasty.  The last time we went there they did not have a bar (which Tana the new Ethiopian place in town and right next door does).  See my review on Tana for additional perspective.  On other bulletin boards there seems to be something of a flame war going on between supporters of the two restaurants (kind of a bloods vs crips thing).  I understand that there is probably some apprehension about the ability of Pittsburgh to support two Ethiopian restaurants.  I think that in some ways they re-inforce each other.  The more people who try the food, the more mainstream it will become.  Right now there are probably a lot of people (esp. in Pittsburgh) afraid to try anything as "exotic" as Ethipian food.  I am sure it was the same way with Indian food 30 years ago.  Once it becomes mainstream, it won't be just for transplanted Ethiopians and Gaulois smoking English lit majors.  In any case, the two restaurants offer different dining experiences and a different take on the cuisine (Abay=robust flavors and a bit more oil, Tana=more mild (sometimes too mild, and less oil).  Neither is patently superior to the other.
2	I absolutely love Ethiopian food, and having lived in D.C. and Oakland, homes to two of the largest Ethiopian communities in the country, I've eaten plenty.  For Ethiopian in Pittsburgh, Abay is the only game in town.  I've been there twice now, and both experiences have been disappointing.  The first thing that's odd about the place is that all the waiters and waitresses are white.  Provided there are Ethiopians doing the cooking, this is not necessarily a bad thing (though, as I've mentioned in other reviews, I do rather enjoy being served by hot Ethiopian women).  What is bad, or at least unimpressive, is the food.  Kitfo, my favorite Ethiopian dish, is not on the menu for some reason, so I have to get cooked meat.  This wouldn't be a dealbreaker, but the other dishes on the menu, while not terrible, are not quite up to par compared to what I've had in D.C. and Oakland.  Finally, the injera is inferior, they don't give you much of it, and they charge you if you ask for more, which I've never seen elsewhere.  I suppose if you live in Pittsburgh and want to try Ethiopian food, Abay is not so bad that it's not worth a try, but know that it can be much better.
5	This was the first time i tried Ethiopian food,and i loved it.It tastes just like Indian food and its awesome.It's a small place and we were pretty much tempted to sit on those tiny seats,but decided not to,because it would be uncomfortable.  They were playing cute African songs and we ordered veggie dishes and kept eating till we felt like we are going to burst.It's a great place and affordable.And i have found better ethiopian places in the West coast,but  Abay is the best in Pittsburgh.wohoo-Smriti
5	Mmmm.... stumbling upon this place on Yelp makes me miss Pittsburgh. I only lived in the 'Burgh for a year, but managed to eat here more than 4 times. Having previously worked and lived within an Ethiopian refugee village in the Middle East... I was familiar with homemade Ethiopian food and this place comes pretty darn close!We had no problem finding amazing vegetarian options here. The Injera was always perfect... just the right amont of chew to make for an easy pick-up. My favorite dishes here is inguday wat (lentils and mushrooms), ayib be gomen (collard greens and cheese), and kai sir dinish (beets with something else?). The Ethiopian tea is a great way to end the meal, although very different than how I remember it made at home. The only "problem" with this place is that on the weekend nights there can be a significant wait for a table. It's worth pushing the people in front of you in line aside... not that I would support such a thing *cough, cough*
3	I am not an expert on Ethiopian cuisine, have only eaten in about 5 Ethiopian restaurants and all of them were over 5 years ago. With that said I can tell you that we had a  good dining experience, yet it was expensive for what we received, imho, the most expensive and least value of any dining experience we had while visiting Pittsburgh.First off the major gripe, I know of no other Ethiopian restaurant that charges for extra injera. That was an insult on top of the very high prices.We started with the Beef Sambussa which was a pasty stuffed with ground beef. It was okay but not very flavorful, Would order something different next time.For entrees we tried the sampler platters. The Doro wat, chicken drumsticks in lemon were good but needed more berberer, the doro michet Abish was much better, zilzil tibs very good and the fosolia was excellent and the beet dish was good.Overall I think the dining experience was okay, but I have been to better and less expensive.
5	I love Abay, and I'm happy to see them doing so well in Pittsburgh. Granted, it might not be the best or the most authentic Ethiopian restaurant in the country, but what they do, they do very well. I've eaten here many times, and the quality of the food and service is consistently excellent. BYOB policy is great, too. Good for groups, as everyone should be able to find something they like, and the plate sharing is fun. Also great for vegetarians. If you like spicy foods, be sure to order awaze, the hot sauce. Hooray for Abay!
3	Let me just say, I've had MUCH better Ethiopian food. Granted there aren't too many options in Pittsburgh, so I'm not surprised to see so many people that think this place is so good. Don't get me wrong, it is tasty and I did finish all of my food. However, this brings me to one of my gripes...given the prices they are stingy with the food portions. Especially since when you order family style, one would expect you would get a bit more. Also I've never been to an Ethiopian restaurant that didn't give you at least a basket of injera. My friend and I had to share one piece! Overall, not a terrible experience but I probably won't be back anytime soon.
4	First and foremost, this is great for vegetarians!Let me tell you why, prices are much lower for the vegetarian entrees and combos.  This is as it should be, but, you see, it is rarely how it actually is.  Also, the vegetarian fare we had was full of flavor and lacked the heavy grease/oil that I've often found at other Ethiopian restaurants.Service was good, almost borderline fast (probably because it was all vegetarian).  Had a lovely time and I didn't think the prices were out of line.  We spent $30 with tax & tip for 2 people including an appetizer!
5	Top Three Thing about Abay:FoodBYOBWaitstaff/Chef ServiceThe food is delicious! Not many Ethiopian restaurants in any cities...I now live in Boston and dream about mixing up my friday nights with Abay back home. Very easy Vegetarian eating too! Fun seating with friends makes everyone feel cozy and the byob service is something you can't beat! Take that back, its 2.50 corkage fee!I love getting a vegetarian sampler and appetizer of lentil filo pockets! So good! This place is a rare little gem and the best part is that usually the chef even comes out to your table and asks you how your meal is! So cute! They have a coat rack too, which is great for winter. Accommodates large parties too!
2	Great in concept, but I was really disappointed with the veggie dishes here. Can't put my finger on why but it didn't live up to the Ethiopian food I've had in DC and SF. While I wouldn't call any of their dishes bland (except the injera), the veggie dishes tasted... mismatched, I guess.If you haven't had other Ethiopian food for comparison, or you want to go to East Liberty for a fairly nice restaurant experience, Abay isn't a bad choice.
4	my first time here was just the other night.  I had never had Ethiopian food before, but I had heard so many good things about Abay.  We we seated at one of the mesobs right by the door-  every time someone came in, I was paranoid that someone would knock our table over.  But our server was really sweet and helpful.Since it was our first time, we wanted to ty a little bit of everything.  Veggie sambussa and shared a bowl of the pumpkin soup.  Both were amazing (especially the soup!). We got the veggie combo for 2.  The Ayib Be Gomen (collard greens with cheese) was AMAZING.  I honestly don't remember which other 3 dishes we ordered- but it was all very, very tasty!I do want to say, though, I would not come here with someone I wasn't very close with.  My fingers were all up in that food- and I don't want someone that I don't know touching what I'm eating!  But I didn't mind sharing with my boyfriend!
5	Are you tired of the traditional pasta, salads, burgers, and wraps for lunch or dinner?  Ready for a cultural adventure in your own backyard?  Go to Abay for some authentic Ethiopian cuisine and a unique dining adventure! Let's start with the atmosphere... you walk into a dining room of small round intricately-designed tables with small stools combined with regular wooden dining tables.  The music and friendly staff set a pleasant tone for a either a romantic or a just 'fun for the friends' meal.  FYI, it's a BYOB.As for the food, I've been here twice and the food has been consistently good.  My boyfriend and I each ordered the combination platters which allowed us to have individual size portions of several type of dishes.  Between Eric and I, we tried at least half the dishes on the menu! My favorites were Doro Tibs (chicken dish), Azifah (vegetarian), and Shiro Wat (spicy vegetarian).  Check out the menu for descriptions.  We also ordered the pumpkin soup for an appetizer.  One cup of soup was definitely enough to share between the both of us.  And for dessert we shared delicous pumpkin sambussas with three different flavors of Dave and Andy's ice cream (a homemade ice cream shop located on Pitt's campus).  In conclusion, the prices were reasonable, the food was different and delicious ( some dishes are spicy, but not all), and the atmosphere was pleasant; it definitely encouraged us to stay longer than expected.   Not too mention, we borrowed one of the restaurant's many books from the shelf and, while waiting for the food, delighted over the photos of the African culture. Go here and it will truly be a unique experience that you'll enjoy.  Strongly recommended, folks!
5	Abay was so fun!  My boyfriend and I ordered the combination platter for two, for $26, and it was way too much food for us!  But we got to try four delicious dishes.1. The chicken drumsticks in a mild herb sauce was our mutual favorite.  The drumsticks were meaty and falling-apart tender and moist.  The herb sauce was very different than anything our palettes had experienced, and not the least bit spicy.2. The beef in berbere was wowza spicy.  It reminded me of taco meat and it went well with the injera scoop.  The flavor was very good!3. The ground lentils in berbere was quite spicy too.  That berbere has some bite!  But again, delicious flavor, and the injera helps cool the heat.4.  The string beans were the only disappointment.  The sauce was far too oily.  As the saying goes, "Would you like some beans with your butter?"  I just couldn't eat much of it.Finally the pumpkin dessert was OUTSTANDING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  We had it with ginger ice cream.  I was afraid it would be too spiced, but it was PERFECT!!!!!!!!!  Get this dish!  Get this dish!  Get this dish!The patronage was ethinically diverse, which is always more fun than  homogeneous eats. The atmosphere was social, with large parties enjoying the communal style of eating, but it was also intimate and romantic at our table for two.  The service was great and our server was very knowlegable and helpful (she recommended the ginger ice cream!)I would recommend Abay to anyone!
5	This was the first Ethiopian restuarant that I went to and I loved it. Since then I have gone to several more in Boston, Seattle, and Washington DC. None of them are as good as this place.I would highly recommend anyone to go here. You will not be disappointed. Remember to stop by the Wine and Spirits across the street to BYOB.
5	Oh, hello there!  BYOB? don't mind if i do!!The food here is so good, that it has kicked off my long dormant ethiopian food obsession, which began in DC, but was wrongly moved to the back shelf upon moving to NYC.  Now all I want is a white wine and a veggie platter.This place is awesome!
4	I went here for dinner and fell in love.  The wait staff was kind, laughed at the people who asked for silverware, and suggested platters for me.  BYOB sounds good to me!
4	I have been trying to drag my husband here since we moved to Pittsburgh and finally we made it in, step-son in tow. As I expected the food was fantastic. We shared a 4 entree platter: Zilzil Tibs, Doro Wat, Gomen Besiga and Inguday Wat. We each had our favorite... mine was the Gomen Besiga, while I was very nervous about eating kale prepared in any manner whatsoever, it was flavorful and the beef perfectly tender. My husband loved the Zilzil Tibs - strips of beef with peppers and onions and the kid loved the spicy Doro Wat - chicken dumbsticks in a spicy sauce. The sauce was excellent,. I was not crazy about the chicken. Finally we all agreed that the vegetarian dish - lentils and mushrooms was excellent as well. The decor was minimal and comfortable. Our waiter was nice, a little stressed but I am not sure why, he was not weeded, the place was maybe half full and there were other servers on the floor... so he was pretty slow to take orders and check on drinks etc. I was disappointed by the desserts. I would rather have seen a selection of more Ethiopian sweets than dave and andy ice cream. but we did get a round of coffee (tea for the kid - he loved it) and cake and ice cream to share.
5	This is BY FAR the best Ethiopian restaurant I have ever been to!  Though I've dined Ethiopian far and wide, never have I come across such unique and interesting fare!  Usually, all Ethiopian food is the same.  However, all of my staple Ethiopian dishes (such as Ye'atikilt Wot and Kik Qey Wot among others) were missing from the menu, only to be replaced by some of the most amazing and flavorful dishes I've ever tried.  Also, do your palate a favor and try one of their desserts.  I had this samosa-esque, spicy cinnamon chicken thing served with ice cream and honey.... OMG!  I obsess over finding the recipe!!!Added Bonus... BYOB. And, if it's your first visit, your waitress will bring you 3 portions of other dishes to taste test!  YUM!
4	I've been on a meatless kick lately, and opted to retry Abay because I remembered it having a lengthy vegetarian menu.  Eating here is a truly unique, flavorful experience.  One of the best things about this place besides the injera and awesome waitstaff is the CHOICES.  Every meal is a variety platter.  You get 4 entrees in one!  I got veg items (spicy mushrooms, collard greens and cheese, a spiced carrot-tater medley, and a pureed spicy chickpea puddle) and my buddy got 2 chicken dishes, a beef, and the spicy mushrooms.  All served on a big piece of injera to tear apart and scoop up the yums.can't wait to go back for more!
4	Abay was my first experience with Ethiopian food. Like a lot of other people, I really had no idea what the hell Ethiopian food was, so I went on a whim - and I'm really glad I did.GF and I shared two platters, one meat and one veggie. Now usually I'm not a huge fan of vegetables, and I most definitely don't get my recommended daily serving (who actually does?), but I loved the vegetarian dishes. Tender, flavorful, and surprisingly plentiful, I don't think I've enjoyed eating vegetables as much for possibly years. The meat platter was also pretty good, but one of the dishes, a chicken drumstick in sauce, was kind of bland. Tender and fully cooked, but bland. The other dishes on that platter were pretty good though, and the gomen besiga (beef mixed with kale and peppers) was exceptional.Pumpkin soup was decent but not great, dessert was better, but I don't know that I'd call it great either.As mentioned, it's BYOB with a $2.50 corkage fee, which many patrons seem to take advantage of. Drink up.Would recommend; if you haven't tried Ethiopian food, I insist you go.
4	Food is top notch.  They have a little something for everyone and vegetarians will be in heaven.  Not a place to go with someone who is not open-minded regarding ethnic cuisines.
3	First time having Ethiopian food and with no comparison I can only review the food at this restaurant but can't compare it to others. I would say the food was a mix between Indian and Morrocan. They don't give you utensils, you eat with this flat bread called Injera (?) and scoop the food in your hands. Very cool, just like in Ethiopia! The best way to describe the bread is that it's like a slightly sour crepe (think sourdough bread flavor). I think it's an acquired taste in mass quantities. In small quantities it's better, but I couldn't eat a lot of it. My boyfriend and I did the Combination platter for 2 where you choose from 4 entrees. Each entree portion is small for your party size, but filling due to heavy meat, lentils, potatoes and the crepe bread. Delicious, although I had my favorites and my not so favorites. Some of the sauces were a little too lemony for my taste while others I loved! The drumsticks were awesome. I really loved the appetizer I had; beef sambussa which is similar to a mamosa. Very delicious and highly recommended. Oddly enough, the best part was the dessert! It was a baked Injera filled with strawberries, kiwis and banana and rolled over and served with your choice of ice cream (I chose cinnamon - yummm) and asked for honey and chocolate sauce on top. Not sure if I would come back here next time I'm in PIT but definitely plan on trying some other Ethiopian restaurants back home in NYC. I highly recommend you try this though, as the food is good and the ambiance and experience is a must especially if you enjoy communal eating with your friends and a good bottle of wine.PS. BYOB!
4	This place is possibly the best semi-casual date place in Pittsburgh.  You eat with your hands!  Is there any better way to break the ice and relax?Not to mention, the food is out of control delicious.  If you love spices, you will love it here....if you like Indian or authentic Mexican, you've simply got to give it a shot.
5	This is one of my favorite places in Pittsburgh. Great atmosphere, great Ethiopian food, and reasonable prices. BYOB is recommended.
5	I've only eaten Ethiopian food once before so I don't have much to compare Abay against, but I thought it was fantastic!  It's delicious food at great prices and it's BYOB ($2.50 corkage fee).We started with the Veggie Sambussas, delicious and crispy.  For the main course we had Veggie Sampler for 2, which lets you choose 4 dishes.  We had Inguday Wat, Shiro Wat, Fosolia, and Ye Abesh Gomen.  The Shiro Wat was fantastic, just the right level of spiciness and a nice complex flavor.  The Inguday Wat and Fosolia were both quite tasty, I'd recommend both.  I found the Ye Abesh Gomen to be rather bland.  The portion size was just right, after dinner and an appetizer there was just enough room for deserts without feeling stuffed.  We tried their baklava ($2), which was good, and a desert that was essentially a Sambussa filled with strawberries and kiwi pieces a la mode, which was amazing.  I also tried their Ethiopian coffee, which was good.  It was earthy and reminded me of Chicory coffee.
5	Different in a good way.got the veggie and meat sampler
5	I love Ethiopian food, and Abay is a great example. The food is delicious and the meal experience is fun and social. The restaurant is also vegetarian friendly (and in fact the best stuff seems to be veggie).My wife and I ordered a veggie combo: messer wat, shiro wat, kik alicha, and one of the gomen dishes (the one with cheese). We loved all of the different dishes plus the samples of others they brought to fill out the platter. I will particularly compliment the shiro wat and the kik alicha (garlicky and not too mushy--perfect!). I also thought their injera was flavorful and had just the right bit of acidity. At $22, the veggie combo is a great deal for two people. The meat combo is a bit more expensive.We had the chocolate cake for dessert and loved it too.The only disappointment is that Abay is BYOB and yet charges a corkage fee. In my mind this is wrong. Also, it's a crime not to serve honey wine. I really look forward to that when I go to an Ethiopian restaurant.
5	One of the absolute best restaurants in Pittsburgh and one of the best I've ever eaten at.  Abay is consistently exceptional.  From the small, intimate, yet efficient space, to the always friendly staff, and the food, Abay takes the cake across the board.  (Oh yeah, their actual cakes they offer is great too!)  My boyfriend and I come here literally at least once a week.  Every time we order a platter and begin to eat, we are closing our eyes, moaning, and just raving about how amazing the food is.  The portion is just right and the food is so pure and cooked nicely, that when you leave, you don't have that bloated, ate-too-much, gross feeling.  The dessert menu is small but delicious, and the Ethiopian coffee is yum-central.  It has a mint of clove, so add a little sugar and milk, and you're bound for the delish-train to ....tasty-village?  Never mind my lame commentary, but please try Abay.  It's so good and if it's you're first time eating Ethiopian, it's a really fun and great experience to share with your bud's or family!
5	I read all the reviews and was excited to try Abay, and yes, it did live up to it's excellent reputation.We came around 9 pm on Saturday, an hour before the restaurant closed. It was still super busy, but we were able to grab a table without much of a wait. We were visiting my brother and he had been to Abay before and luckily knew that it was BYOB, so we brought two bottles of wine.Our waitress was so kind and helpful. Very nice and down to earth. She gave us a few suggestions but didn't push anything on us. She did suggest the collard greens and cheese (I unfortunately don't know the menu name) letting us know that that was one of their more popular dishes, so we ordered that as one of our four choices (combo for 3). While I'm not being super helpful here, we also ordered a meat, potato, and a chickpea dish to round out our four choices. Each of them were delicious, but the collard and cheese dish was by far the best and most memorable. Our waitress was also kind enough to bring us out 3 small samples of the dishes that were her favorites. Everything sounded so good on the menu, but if it's your first time, definitely ask the waitstaff for a few recommendations.We also ordered the pumpkin soup to start off with. I figured it would be creamy but I think it was made with broth -- still great, with a variety of spices.We were all full at the end of the meal but decided to split a dessert between us three. I would have opted for the almond torte, but we settled on the chocolate -- super moist with the best mousse-type frosting. I loved the dinner, but I would not be opposed to visiting Abay again JUST for their dessert.Super nice setting and atmosphere. Wish that they had more restaurants like Abay in Michigan.
4	I think this place is great. The food is great and the service is attentive and friendly. The hot tea is particularly good and the injira is both tangy and slightly fluffy, like I like it. Things I recommend: lentil sambussas, the collards and cheese, cabbage, mushroom and lentils, kale, and the dessert sambussas are good too (though I wish they'd bring back the pumpkin one). Only complaint: I go there all the time. I wish my server wouldn't point out every item I ordered after she brings it to me. I know what I ordered, and I want to eat it. I don't want to get a mini-lecture on Ethiopian food while my food is getting cold. Oh, also, they really should give you one injira a person when you order the combo orders (not including the piece the food is served on). It's tacky to not serve enough bread to eat the food and then charge extra for a needed piece of bread. It's never enough.
4	I have never ever had Ethiopian Food before and this place was yummy in my tummy!!!I just moved to Pittsburgh and am more than excited to try all of the new food in every area of Pitt.  This restaurant is located a few blocks from our apartment and It was pretty amazing! It was very cheap from a Cali girl perspective, but you get so much food for your money.  We got the four item combo which was $26.  We got two veggie items and two meat items.  The veggies were yummy and the meat were slow cooked and their chicken was falling off the bone.  This place is great for visiting parents because its got a great environment and its BYOB with a $2.50 cork fee which is unheard of in Cali.  I can't wait for our parents to visit so we can take them here!! The staff was helpful in helping us pick items and they all seemed happy to be there which always makes a dining experience better.  Great place Can't wait to go back again!
2	Wow. I honestly cannot relate to the good reviews.  We love ethnic foods and had been looking forward to Abay especially after reading the reviews on Yelp.  We were the first customers to arrive for dinner on a Saturday evening and ordered the combination platter with four different meat dishes.  When the food arrived, all dishes (including the rice) were lukewarm and watery which leads me to believe that nothing was freshly prepared and the food came either out of the fridge or was frozen and not sufficiently heated up before it was served to us.  As to the flavor of the food, it was hot, i.e. spicy (which we like), but once you got beyond the spiciness, the flavor was bland and all four sauces tasted pretty much the same.  In addition to the the substandard quality of the food, the service was the last straw.  We each received one fork and had to specifically request spoons so we could get the rice and meat dishes out of the bowls and onto our plates. I guess they were short on utensils since following this request, we were only given 2 spoons.   There were 7 waitresses in the dining room (all in their early 20s) who were very busy conversing with each other the whole time we were there (the place was only half full) and once we had finished eating, we sat at the table for about 20 minutes waiting for the plates/dishes to be removed and to find out what the dessert menu looks like. Nobody bothered to come to the table and we had to walk up to the chatting girls and request the check (by that time we had decided to skip the dessert and never return).9/13/10 addition to above review made 9/12/10:  the owner of the restaurant contacted me within 12 hours of having posted my review and apologized for our less than perfect dining experience and the lack of service.  It is nice to see that Abay's management takes reviews seriously and aims to make every guest's dining experience a postitive experience.  We'll write this one off to "everybody can have a bad day every once in a while" and will give Abay another try.
4	To begin, I must issue a caveat. I can count on one hand the number of times I've eaten Ethiopian food, and I've always enjoyed the food itself. The bread (injera), however, has always been a curiosity to me. One time it tasted really spongey and gross, one time it had a smell like wet paper towels (probably not intentional) and both times it looked like that Saturday Night Live commercial for edible diapers (http://www.hulu.com/watch/55587/saturday-night-live-pampers). You're welcome for the visual, by the way. That said, let's begin. I first went to Abay three years ago when I was on a blind date.It was an unpleasant experience. Picking up food with your fingers and shoving it into your mouth while sitting across the table from somebody who is annoying and SHARING THE SAME FOOD AS YOU WITH HIS GROSS FINGERS was not the best milieu in which to judge the restaurant's merits. But time has passed and with it those memories, so it was time I gave Abay another chance. In a word: delightful. The service was terrific and the food was equally good. And the injera, though still decidedly looking like Pampers, was not spongey and gross; rather, it was innocuous, which is not a word I would usually employ as a compliment, but I will today. I particularly enjoyed the peanut and chicken combo, which tasted oddly like an unholy peanut butter hybrid, but in no-nonsense, lip-smacking way. Also excellent was the collard greens and homemade cheese. The only thing I wasn't fond of was one of the meatless entrees my dining companion ordered. This was easy to ignore, though, since I had three other samples to focus on.The price was quite good, too. The sampler platter for two runs a fair $26, and is more than filling. Save room for Oh Yeah ice cream, which is only a block away.
4	Abay is the perfect example of my claim that surprising, Pittsburgh has really good ethnic foods! If you've never had Ethiopian food and you enjoy immersing yourself in culinary exploration, Abay is a great place to pop your Ethiopian cherry. That is if Marcus Samuelsson doesn't get to you first.Keep it up, Abay and Pittsburgh! I miss you. ------------------------------On a personal note, writing reviews for Pittsburgh makes me nostalgic of my wonderful times there. Since leaving that city, I've lost at least 5 pounds.
5	Amazing food! And I love that it's byob. I definitely recommend getting a combo platter - you cannot go wrong with any of the entrees. My personal favorite was the chickpea vegan entree that is served cold.
4	Very good! I really enjoyed the food and service!
4	Mmmmm...best pumpkin soup ever! The African spices pay wonderful homage to my favorite gourd. I have sampled pumpkin soup at many other restaurants (when I see it on the menu I can't resist ordering it) but so far nothing has really come close to Abay. In other news...JB and had the vegetarian sampler for 2, the injera was soft and spongy, perfect for collecting all of the delectable juices from our 4 mini course selections. (It's been awhile so I can't recall which ones we ordered, but I do remember them all being packed with flavor and spice and all being very tasty). I'm not a fan of eating things with my hands (I eat sandwiches and pizza with utensils...I know, I'm peculiar but I don't like to be messy). Abay is different, I loved the experience of ripping into the injera and scooping the food. The experience could be quite sexy if you ask me.
4	Having never tried Ethiopian cuisine Abay's always been in the back of my mind yet I never made the effort to eat there until a few nights ago. I had a really fun experience and ate some really good, uniquely prepared food.The interior is intimate but not tiny and you can sit at normal tables or what appeared to be small wicker tables that, judging from their style, looked to be a traditional Ethiopian way of sitting in a restaurant.The waitress was very attentive and pleasant as we ate. I ordered the "Yekemen Shai" to drink which was a hot, aromatic tea brewed with cloves and cinnamon. The flavor was delicate and even though cloves can be overwhelming they didn't assert themselves over the entire drink. I enjoyed it and had a few cups.To start I ordered the "Chicken Shorba" which is a type of chicken soup made with lentils, carrots, potato and onions. It was delicious and reminiscent of many types of Western style soup.For my entree I ordered Zilzil Tibs which are shredded pieces of beef in a spicy sauce with onion and pepper. The heat was gradual and built up to a crescendo that was just below uncomfortable. Had it been any hotter I would have probably not enjoyed it as much. The concotion was situated on top of a airy bed of Ethiopian bread by the name of "injera" which was almost crepe-like in consistency but not in color. It was spongy, airy and moist but lacked flavor which for all I know is intentional as it's used as a utensil. You rip off a piece of the spongy bread and use it to scoop your food. Eating Ethiopian is an experience I've never had so it was fun as well as delicious. If you have a group of people that don't mind branching out from the usual fair Abay would be a great place to go. It seems eating is a communal affair and the portions are big. What you eat and the way you eat it is also the center of attention and a fun way to spend an evening.For dessert I had a fried roll filled with pumpkin and covered in honey. On the side you also choose from a variety of ice cream to go with it, we chose cinnamon. The pumpkin was the consistency of pumpkin pie filling but less sweet. It was really good paired with the natural sweetness of honey and the cinnamon flavor of the ice cream. The crunchy texture of the roll also gave you a sense of satisfaction when you bit into it. I'm not sure if the dish was Ethiopian but I had never had it before; regardless of its roots it was delicious nonetheless.Abay is a really cool place to experience a different type of dining and would be a fun place to bring friends or your parents if they are the type to venture outside of their usual culinary routine.
4	I thought the food here was very good, and reasonably priced. I thought the portions were a bit skimpy...and I'm NOT a big eater. I know some people dislike the bread, but I thought it was good. The special shrimp with coconut sauce and spicy chickpea dish were delicious!
3	The service/host were awful! He refused to seat us despite several open table and no rush because we were a party of 4, and all their free tables were 6 people tables or more, or two person tables they wouldn't combine into a four person table. Their seating policies are ridiculous and cost them business. The food was good.
4	This was our first taste of Ethiopian food, and I will say up front that it's more than just dinner, it's a full experience!We had a Groupon for dinner here, so we went over early on a Saturday evening (which I recommend - by the time we were done eating around 7, there was a wait for tables).  It's BYOB, which we love, and they prepare your bottle for you as soon as you're seated.We started with the pumpkin soup, which was so creamy and yummy.  The serving size on soup is huge - we split a cup, and it was more than enough for each of us.  We also got the vegetable sambussa, which is kind of like a samosa, but with lentils instead of regular peas.  They give you a spoon for the soup, but the sambussa you eat with your hands, which is just the start of how you will eat your whole meal...We called it the 'breadfork.'  Instead of using any utensils, you use the bread under your food to eat.  Basically they serve you what looks like an unbaked pizza crust.  It comes out on a big, round silver pan, and the bread (called injera) covers the whole thing.  Your food is dumped into little quadrants on the bread.  We got the sampler platter, so we got to try a chicken, a beef, and two veggies, although you can mix and match as you please.There is a roll of injera at one side of the tray, and you can start there to pick up pieces of food.  I recommend starting from the outside and working in, so that way you can use the underlying bread for the inside part of the entree.  (Hope that makes sense!)The flavors of the food were awesome.  A lot of it was very similar to Indian flavors, lots of garlic, onions, pepper, and basil.  Our four options were:~Doro Minchet Abish, which is a spicy chicken in a traditional 'berbere' sauce. (These terms are all explained in detail on the menu, but 'berbere' is made of ginger, garlic, peppers, basil, and fenugreek.) ~Kay Sir Dinich, which is stewed potatoes and beets with ginger, garlic, and onions. ~Gomen Besiga, cubes of beef in more garlic and onions (love that stuff) with kale. ~Butecha, mashed chickpeas with green peppers, onions, and olive oil, served cold.All four were awesome!  And while it didn't seem like a lot of food, it was quite filling.  The injera bread is so spongy and weird, I kept giggling every time I pulled a piece of it off the tray.We also got a dessert, which was probably not 'authentic' but sooooo good.We will definitely be back to Abay.  It was a lot of fun, and we really liked trying out the new food!
5	Awesome food and great ambience.Reasonable prices.its byob so make sure u take ur own bottle of wine to go with the great food.
5	Our first experience with Ethiopian food. We arrived at 5:15, and were the first people seated on a Saturday night. By the time we left at 6:15 the place was really hopping! We started with the Vegetarian Sambussa, and Pumpkin Soup. My husband and I split the smaller size of soup (cup) and it was more than enough. The soup really delicious but we especially loved the sambussa.The sauce that came with it was pretty spicy, but also excellent. For the main course we chose the vegetarian sampler. We told our great server Brittney that it was our first time there. When our food arrived, along with our four choices of vegetarian entrees, she also sent out three samples of other vegetarian menu items. Along with that, she sent out a side a rice, just in case we didn't like the injera (crepe like bread). I really like this thoughtfulness on her part! Our favorite vegeterian entrees ended up being: Tikil Gomen, Inguday Wat & Ayib Be Gomen.We ended dinner with coffee, spiced with clove. Adding cream and sugar made the coffee really taste like a chai.I can't say enough how good the service was here, giving special kudos to our server who made our first visit easy and enjoyable. Next time I think we will ask for one of the traditional style tables (we didn't realize they were actually tables at first, and thought they were for decoration...)
3	Healthy, filling, deeply nourishing food.Attentive staff who can explain the menu well and help with selection.Eating Ethiopian is always a wonderful experience, especially when sharing. There is something incredibly organic about eating with your hands, and tearing the spongy bread.I prefer the ambiance and service much more than Tanya.
5	This is on my personal "best of Pittsburgh" list. I've liked everything I've tried here. Amazing flavors.
4	After eating at Abay, I've now had dinner at ALL the Ethiopian restaurants in Pittsburgh!  Which seems like a big accomplishment, until you learn that there are only two of them.  Wah waaaah.  Diversity fail.  But in any case, my boyfriend requested Ethiopian food for his birthday dinner, so off to Abay we went on a Tuesday around 6.  The restaurant was about half full, and we chose one of the tables near the front - and by table, I mean the more authentic looking backless stools.  Less comfortable, but also more awesome.We didn't bring alcohol since we were recovering from some mild illness, but he got a ginger beer (bottled, the same brand you buy at Trader Joe's), and I got a "Yekemem Shai" which was essentially Chai tea.  I got it over ice, and it was tasty, but not terribly strongly brewed.   I think I'd prefer it hot next time - the ice may have watered it down too much.  We also split the carrot-ginger soup appetizer which was absolutely delicious.  It had a lovely texture, and a sweet, bright flavor.  Luscious.Moving on, we shared a combination platter - $28 for two people if you get a mix of meat/vegetarian.  We got to choose 4 entrees for the platter, and they were Kay Wat (beef with berbere), Doro Tibs (chicken with awaze), Ayib Be Gomen (collard greens and cheese) and Shiro Wat (spicy chickpeas, lentils, and split peas).  All were good, some were standouts - the flavor of the beef was excellent, and I also really enjoyed the creamy lentils/peas.  My boyfriend loved everything, and was impressed by the authenticity of the flavor.  We both wished the portions were larger - we've been to restaurants where for the same price, you either get larger portions OR more options for the platter (6 small portions instead of 4 small portions).  But honestly, with the injera, the combo plate will really fill you up.  it doesn't look like much food, but we were stuffed.  I'd recommend the Kay Wat and the Shiro Wat for sure, but nothing we had was bad.  All very satisfying, served quickly and served hot.  So far, Abay wins my Pittsburgh Ethiopian food comparison contest, but in fairness, when I went to Tana I was in a group of 12 and the kitchen was totally surprised and overwhelmed.  I'll need to try them both again to be sure, but so far Abay wins this round!FYI They only take reservations for parties of 8 or more, and street parking can be a challenge.  We got lucky finding a free spot right across Highland, but most people will probably have to find a meter somewhere.
5	Really good quality Ethiopian food! Get the platter for one for each person, then share among the table. You get to try many more dishes, and I think you get more food overall this way. I've been to many Ethiopian restaurants, and this is the only where I've seen platters for one. BYOB.
5	Just over 4 years ago we were expecting our first child. We took one last overnight weekend trip before the baby arrived - and visited Pittsburgh, PA.  We decided to try an Ethiopian restaurant there called Abay.  It was delicious, we quite enjoyed ourselves. But one dish remained in our minds. A strange dish very reminiscent of scrambled eggs. But without the egginess flavor I dislike. "Butecha"We recently passed through Pittsburgh and this time when we visited Abay we brought three little ones - my son and two daughters. The food was as delicious as ever. And the butecha was as we remembered it. My only real complaints were a) there just wasn't enough butecha....a large bowl would be great & b) 5-7 hours drive is a bit too far for us to regularly enjoy Abay's delicious cuisine. If I had to pick only 25 restaurants to eat at for the rest of my life. Abay would be one of those 25.---We usually order a combination platter or two.  We ordered a meat combination for two as our main entree. And a second vegetarian combo for one as our appetizer. Be sure to try the following dishes:Kay Wat - spicy beef stew dish, one of my all-time favorites.Kik Alitcha - a pungent split pea dhal like stewThey also have a delicious banana pastry dessert. Yes, it's worth ordering even if you're full. A must try.Lastly, I am very particular about Chai.  I tend NOT to like American styled chai.  The Yekema Shai is so soothing. It makes for a wonderful after dinner soother.
5	We ended up at Abay after finding that the Indian restaurant we were going to enjoy was boarded up...and the burger joint we thought of next was closed for a private event.So we found ourselves ready for some Ethiopian cuisine.  I had tried it once a couple of years ago in Baltimore (the rest of my group were E-cuisine virgins).We ordered the 4 person dinner combination (meat), asking our waitress for suggestions on what to order.  We figured that we didn't really know any of the food, so might as well ask an expert for advice.  She was very kind and we were really happy with the food.  She recommended getting two spicy and two mild dishes.  We were definitely grateful for that tip.  The breading and mild dishes really helped squelch some of the heat from the more spicy options.The atmosphere was beautiful, the service great, and the food was delightful (and reasonably priced).Definitely a gem.
5	I giant pink puffy heart Abay, and I don't get there nearly often enough. I developed a small addiction to Ethiopian food when I lived in Columbus, and was pleased as punch to find a great place here.The atmosphere is relaxed and casual, with nice low lighting and prompt, friendly service. It's fairly quiet, so you can sit and have a nice chat while you eat.One thing I really love about Abay is that they offer combination plates for any number of people, including one -- so you can go alone or with someone who doesn't like to share and still try a variety of dishes.The injera here is great. I could eat pounds of injera, I'm pretty sure. I remember when I was little, watching the Frugal Gourmet (I know) on QED and seeing him make this strange, bubbly bread from teff flour. It's tart, chewy, and sturdy enough to use to pick up the saucy food.Everything I've ever tried here is delicious. If you're totally unfamiliar with Ethiopian food, it bears the vaguest of similarities to Indian... but not really. Lots of stewed meats and well-seasoned veggies, perfect when you get a number of things and let the contrasts play together as you eat one thing, then another, then another.My favorites are really anything involving berbere, a spicy spice mixture that's led me to use a lot more fenugreek when cooking at home. Doro wat, chicken legs in berbere, lemon and other seasonings, is the one thing I always order.Minchet abish, which is beef simmered in awaze (berbere and honey wine, with other spices) provides a great textural contrast for a second meat dish.And then there are the vegetables. There are so many. Butecha is amazing; it sounds kind of hummus-y but it's kind of not, and it's served cold -- a great foil to spicy and hot (temperature-wise) items. Tikil gomen, cabbage and tomatoes, is buttery and mild.I could go on, but here's the thing: Thai food is often played up as perfecting contrasts in flavor and texture, and it deserves that accord. But so does Ethiopian food. And Abay does it well. Go; order at least four different things (see above re: combinations!) and you'll understand.
4	Have eaten at Abay several times--I really enjoy the soup--you can have an incredibly inexpensive and filling meal there.  The staff are all friendly, the injera is yummy.  I worked at an ethiopian restaurant during grad school and have had more than my share of ethiopian over the years.  I wouldn't say this is the best I've ever had, but when you need your Ethiopian fix in Pittsburgh, this is as good as it gets!
5	The best way I can think to describe Abay is wonderfully unique.  The decor, atmosphere, service, and menu are all superb.  I've been there many times and my favorite meal is:- Bottle of red wine (BYOB)- Vegetarian Sampler with Inguday Wat (mushrooms, brown lentils), Kay Sir Dinich (potatoes, fresh beets), Ayib Be Gomen (collard greens, homemade cheese)- Ethiopian coffee- Cinnamon ice cream with honey
5	Abay offers flavorful Ethiopian food that requires the use of ones metacarpals which adds to the exotic dinning experience. Abay has a trendy atmosphere that is synonymous with the growing area around it and I would recommend trying their coffee that has a hint of clove to it.
4	I love to BYOB of wine here.  I started coming here when a friend suggested we try it when they were new, and I have received consistently good food and service every time I have eaten there since. The atmosphere is great, lighting fantastic, clean place to have a great meal.  I try something different each time I visit, and have not been disappointed yet.
3	I was really excited to check out this place.  My boyfriend and I went there for dinner one night.  First I have to say, the service here is great.  Our waitress was very nice and polite.  She made us feel welcome and was informative about the menu selections.  She was attentive but not annoying about checking a million times how we were doing.  The food was a little disappointing.  Flavors were okay.  Some of the selections we made with meat were tough (meat was kinda chewy).  The desert was good.  Our waitress described it as being like "fried pumpkin pie".  We also really liked the appetizer (resembling Indian samosas).  Overall, good not great, but I would go back here once in a while.
5	Food: Abay is a truly unique dining experience.  For those who grew up outside the city, or even those who live in the city but aren't adventurous eaters, you may have never even considered the prospects of eating Ethiopian cuisine.  You should.  The menu caters to all types, and has appetizers, soups, entrees and desserts that are unlike anything you've had before.  There are daily or weekly specials, so ask, but the standard menu is loaded with interesting options.  At our last visit, we started with a ginger-carrot-cashew soup which was unbelievably good, so good I'd order it takeout alone.  We followed with a hummus like appetizer which was good but not mind blowing.  The main dish at Abay is what draws the crowd, and the dishes are meant to be consumed by a crowd.  The entrees are served on a large platter on top of a flat-doughy bread called injera.  You tear the injera into a small piece, grab a morsel of whatever the entree is, and eat it.  The entrees are meant for a group,  so bring friends.  Utensils are provided if requested, but its all finger food at Abay.  We order the vegetarian platter, where you pick four of the entrees which are placed on the injera.  The veggie options are incredible combinations of veggies, spices, and sauces that most have never thought to combine.  We have never had room for dessert.Price: The appetizers, soups, and desserts are all modestly priced, and entrees are even more reasonable because they are meant to be shared.  You and your date can eat your fill and splurge on some ginger beer for under $70 with tip.Drinks: Abay is BYOB.  They also offer Ethiopan coffee, tea, and they typically have interesting ginger beer, cream soda, and other soda options to try.Atmosphere: The dining room is large at Abay, but fills quickly, especially on weekend evenings.  Consider making a reservation.  There are tables small and large, both in number of seats and in height.  The normal height tables usually fill first, leaving the smaller tables with seats that only rise about two feet off the ground to fill later.  We have never sat at the smaller tables, but this seems like the more authentic Abay experience.  The menu has a glossary to help you decipher which ingredients are in your meal. Located on S. Highland Ave., it may not be easy to find a parking space.  Service: The wait staff is prepared to answer all of your questions about the menu, from what words mean to how big a dish is to how to eat the food once its served.  They are all super friendly, willing to help, and very attentive.(+): one-of-a-kind eating experience for a fair price, unlike anything you will have otherwise(-): gets busy quick, plan ahead if you are going on a weekendWould I go back again? Without question.  This is one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh.
4	I ate here last night with three dining companions.  If you have never eaten Ethiopian food before then it is quite an experience as you do not have any silverware.  Instead you use a flat-bread called injera to pick up and eat your food. The decor of the restaurant was nice with soothing shades and other pieces which I assume are Ethiopian in nature.For dinner, a dining companion and myself split a combination platter for two.  On the combination platter we had the Zilzil Tibs (Beef), Doro Michet Abish (Chicken), Ayib Be Gomen (Collard Greens) and Butecha (Chickpeas).  All of was delicious, some of it being spicy and other parts savory, and nothing was left on the platter by the end.  The waitress also heard us talking with the other couple at our table before dinner.  They had never been to Abay before and so with dinner she brought out four little cups of other dishes so that they could try it with their combination platter.  They enjoyed everything that they had.  For dessert a dining companion and myself split the burnt almond torte which was moist and had great taste.  Abay is also BYOB and so we had a nice bottle of wine with dinner for what I considered to be a very minimal corkage fee ($2.50).The bottom line for me is that I love this place and will be back again.  The food is delicious and the staff is kind which makes it a great place to experience a different culture.
5	Abay is AS GOOD AS IT GETS! Totally 5-star worthy!Each visit has been truly awesome. I highly recommend eating the "real" way - everyone at the table eating off a big platter with fingers. The menu on their website is funny. "Since wine may provide certain medical benefits and may lead you to believe the person you are with is more attractive or engaging than he or she actually is, drinking it responsibly with your meal is encouraged." And, "We will do our best to accommodate split checks for large parties. Please understand that it might take a little longer to calculate your bill. Also bear in mind that the U.S. ranks about 30th in math, so doing it yourself might increase our ranking."In my last visit, we shared Kay Wat (spicy beef stew), Doro Tibs (chicken breast stewed with peppers), Kay Sir Dinich (potato and beets) and Ayib Be Gomen (delicious Ayib Be Gomen). We got samples of Misir Wat (spicy red lentils) and some other lentils because it was the first time for one of my friends. I highly recommend combining a few veggie options with the meats. Also recommended, by the time you are almost done with your food, you might want more  bread. Stop yourself. Save some room for dessert. We had the special for that night - pumpkin sambussa. This was like little pastries filled with pumpkin filling, deep fried and came with a scoop of icecream (we got one with cinnamon and another with ginger) drizzled with chocolate or honey (we got one of each). Very very good! The sweetness of the ice cream and the drizzle complemented the spices in the pumpkin filling. We were a very satisfied bunch after dinner. A 4-people dinner for little over $80 including tips and tax that makes you drool even thinking about it, HECK yea!PS: Abay doesn't take reservations. Try to get there with enough time in hand. It gets really busy during the weekends. More PS: Don't park in the garage across the street by Plum. The Plum people have gotten smart and if they don't see you walking into Plum, they will make you move. Park on the other side by Walgreens and you are good to go!
5	This is the best Ethiopian in Pittsburgh.  If you don't try this place at least once you are doing a disservice to yourself.  We love meeting a bunch of friends here and sitting at the large round table.  The spicy minced beef is my fav, but it's really all good.  After over 5 visits I have tried all of the dishes and have been consistantly impressed every time I go.  The atmosphere is desireable and the service is outstanding.Place is BYOB which is also a + because you are not restricted to only the wine that the restaurant carries.
4	Abay's dishes are outstanding, and their injera pulls it all together. Our waitress was great, however the hostess was a bit put off when we walked in and mentioned we had a reservation. There was a line of hungry people waiting for a table, and even with our reservation, it took 15 or so minutes for our table to open up. Others have covered the intricacies in their reviews, so I will make this short. Abay is some of the best damn Ethiopian food around. Eat it.
1	this is the WORSE Ethiopian food I have ever tasted. I can't believe this place has good reviews; I guess it's good for Pittsburgh, but if you've had Ethiopian food in other cities, than spare yourself the pain of having to swallow this food and the money. This does not even come close to authentic Ethiopian food. I never knew Ethiopian food could be Americanized. Also, ingera is not supposed to be hard, it was either not stored properly or its been out for awhile; Zilzil tibs is supposed to be thin long pieces, not thick, the berbera sauce is not even close to what it's supposed to be. Is the owner or the chef even Ethiopian?What right do I have to judge Ethiopian food? Been going to different Ethiopian restaurants for over 12 years and my best friend is Ethiopian. On top of that, this place charge you for every little thing! I ordered 2 entrees, tea, and appetizers here, why did it cost the same as the meal I had at another restaurant (in Chicago) where I had the same meal AND a bottle of Ethiopian honey wine??
4	The food is really good and service is pleasant. One recommendation to the staff would be to serve the injera on a separate plate. Currently the dishes are served on the injera and this makes it very soggy and sloppy to eat. Other than that, no complaints :)
4	Pros: food, spicy and flavorful. Service was good. Price was good. Cons: music was loud for my tastes and totally off topic ie. bob marley, come on...Would definitely go again
4	Tasty food, good service, fun atmosphere.  Give this restaurant a shot.
5	Food Hounds... we have enjoyed one of the world's most unique cuisines!!!  Brimstone here, and I've got to tell you about this hot spot we found in the heart of Pittsburgh called Abay (pronounced Ah-Bai)... Ethiopian Cuisine!  First things first... the ambiance of the restaurant is calm and very earthy; earth tones and dim lighting make for an extremely surreal environment.  This place is authentic and everything is done right.  The servers are REALLY helpful and know their craft!  We were told that since Ethiopia is a country with a very strong focus on community, meals are served communally and shared among diners.  Believe it or not, it is not uncommon for a host to actually hand feed their guests before eating themselves... this is an act they call Gersha.  You eat the morsels of food by tearing off a piece of flat bread they call Injera (Made of wheat, barley and tef), then covering the food you are about to eat and scooping it up into your mouth!  Basically, be prepared to eat with your hands... without even having to go to Medieval Times!On to the food... Mmm, the food!  We had two platters of love brought out to us so that we could truly get the full effect of this type of cuisine.  SO many different entrees to choose from; a diner can pick from Beef, Chicken and Vegetarian options.  Since there was a lot to cover, I'm going to give you all a little taste of each - the Alitcha Wat is lean chopped beef that they slowly simmer in a delicious mild herb sauce, VERY tasty!  Zilzil Tibs were the WIN for ole' Brim... strips of tender lean beef sauteed with homemade awaze, peppers, onions and herbs.  The chicken was unreal... the Doro Tins are strips of boneless, skinless chicken breasts mainly done the way the Zilzil Tibs were cooked up.  VERY delicious and spicy in a good way.  The Doro Minchet Abish is more of a chicken stew... chicken sliced, diced and simmered in a berbere stew... spicy and YUM!  We had more Vegetarian Entrees which was interesting for us since we are meat lovers... but we were pleasantly surprised!  Inguday Wat was an interesting mix of mushrooms and brown lentils in a spicy berbere sauce... WOW!  Kay Sir Dinich was another of my personal favorites... potatoes and beets stewed to be soft, then blended with garlic, ginger and onions.  The Ayib Be Gomen offered up Abay's specialty homemade cheese with collard greens (it tastes much better than it sounds).  Etan loved the Kik Alitcha which he described as eating lentil soup, light spice and earthy with yellow split peas that are simmered in mild herb sauce.  Ye Abesha Gomen was kale, peppers, ginger, onions and garlic slow-cooked in a mild sauce.  Lastly, the Tikil Gomen - lightly spiced cabbage, carrots and tomatoes stewed in a mild sauce... unreal.  We got to try out a couple of the specials as well.  Actually, occasionally they will expand on their menu by testing out dishes from other parts of Africa!  Bonus for us!  Ok, so the Chermoule Shrimp was intense!  A North African dish, it is sauteed shrimp with bell peppers and topped with this thick Chermoula sauce (sauuuce) that is made from a mixture of coriander, paprika, cumin, cilantro and parsley.  Also, there was another one of the favorites... the Pouleta a la Sauce D'arachide - OMG!!!  This is a West African dish made with diced chicken, herbs and veggies simmered in an organic peanut butter sauce!  That sauce was the BOSS... NO complaints here!  Speaking about sauce, we sampled their two special sauces that they use in house.  The Mitmite was the BOSS, hands down awesomesauce!  Uber-spicy, ginormous kick, GOOD - it utilizes the African Bird's Eye Chili Pepper which gives this lovely little sauce its power.  Then we have the Awaze which is used in a lot of the dishes.  This Paprika based sauce is legit as it holds a smooth and even flavor... delicious!Dessert time!  We were blessed with some amazing delicacies that really hit the spot... the Banana Mango Wrap with Ginger Ice Cream was insane.  A warm flaky pastry of sorts, the sweet flavor of Mango hits you and then the Banana comes in and slaps you in the face!  Although many people would never realize it, a popular treat in Africa is Baklava, to which we partook with much pleasure.  VERY delish, syrupy and nutty... perfect blend!  Then lastly, the orgasmic treat of the Pumpkin Sambussa with Cinnamon Ice Cream... warm and smooth spiced pumpkin wrapped delightfully in a flaky crisp of crust!  Heaven.  All in all, this was an AMAZING find!  We were all SO happy to have had the opportunity to try this terrific food... trust us, you will too!
4	Really good! We had the combination sampler for 2 and it was more then enough food. Great way to taste diferent plates. Alitcha Wat was our favorite but everything we tried was so flavorful! It is an experience worth having. Friendly staff and relaxed atmosphere.
5	If you happen to be around Pittsburgh and want a different experience try the Ethiopian here. The pumpkin soup and chips are good to start off. The best option for the main course is to get the combination platter of 4 dishes to suit your taste to served on Injira (thin pancake like bread). The service is good and it is best to ask the waiters food reviews and recommendations. Non cheesy and health food, BYOB.Beware of the alternative additional low stool seating and be ready to eat with your hands, share food on the injira.
3	It's sad to live in a city where the best is offered by Abay.Abay is a decent Ethiopian restaurant, far far away from the refinement of D.C. restos. They don't even offer Kitfo (swoon!).When I come to Pittsburgh I choose Abay 'cause there's nothing else better.
3	Amazing food. Painfully slow server.
5	Loved, loved, loved my first dining experience here!  Great food served by a friendly and knowledgeable waitstaff, who give awesome recommendations.  I can't wait to go back again...especially for the pumpkin soup!
5	Very vegan friendly restaurant!  Everything is healthy and delicious and full of beautiful spices.  The pumpkin soup is especially outstanding.
4	My boyfriend and I went here for the first time during restaurant week in Pittsburgh.. Such an awesome experience!! The dining area is big, open and dim-lit with candles on each table. Most of the service is friendly and helpful. Our three-course meal began with the house salads. They were fresh and spicy (def have a bit of heat to them). The dressing has a strong taste of olive oil with a hint of lime.For our main course, we chose 5 samples of entrees over the injera, which is a spongey, almost pancake-like delicious bread (used as your "utensil" to scoop up your entrees and to just enjoy eating separately). The chicken was a touch dry, but spiced well. The beef is fantastically flavorful and moist. The kale entree was well cooked and flavored, and the beets and potatoes were pretty tasty, though not as flavorful. In large quantities, some of the entrees can get quite spicy, but still tasty. I enjoyed the beef in the mild herb sauce the most.DESSERT.... Mango banana spring rolls... Pure warmed fruity amazingness wrapped in a sugary fried spring roll and served with luscious cinnamon icecream topped with honey. Perfect way to end the meal.Pricing is certainly reasonable for the quality of the food and the interesting experience.  The food sits a little heavy in your stomach but I can overlook that.
2	Very high prices for very little food. Tana has better food and prices.
1	Before I start, I would like to say that I am fully Ethiopian and have also been to Ethiopia, so based on a lifetime of experience I know good Ethiopian food. That being said, Abay is NOT the place for authentic Ethiopian food.It was crowded when I went and a had a little bit of a wait, but that is to be expected of a restaurant so busy. Once I got my injera and wot I was EXTREMELY underwhelmed by how watered down and un-authentic the wot tasted. Abay clearly caters to blander, more "American" tastes, which is fine if you are not looking for real Ethiopian food.If you want real Ethiopian food, GO TO TANA. It's literally the next street down and I'm telling you it is the best, most authentic Ethiopian food in Pittsburgh. It is also owned and operated by Ethiopians, as opposed to Abay which is owned and operated by an American. Every time I pass by Abay I am astounded at how crowded it is...little does everyone know the REAL Ethiopian food is right down the street.
4	I'm a fan of Ethiopian food, though this was my first time to Abay -- my previous experience of Ethiopian was in various restaurants in and around NYC.Overall, this was very good, and I really enjoyed what we ate.  The restaurant was pretty full, and it wasn't noisy.  Service was really friendly, and accommodating - at first, they didn't want to seat us at at 4 top because there were only two of us, but it was preferable to sitting at a smaller table near the door.After starting with a vegetarian sambussa, we shared a lamb special - excellent, and a vegetarian combo of Kay Sir Dinich, Ayib Be Gomen, Shiro Wat, and Ye' Abesha Gomen.  The Ayib Be Gomen I could've done without, but it was very good and fun to try, and we fought over the Ye' Abesha Gomen - it's that good.We finished with coffee and tea, unfortunately, no desserts.  Like I said, it was very good, BUT, I'm so going to give Tana a try after reading other reviews.
4	Good Ethiopian food
5	Been here too many times to count. One of my absolute favorite restaurants.To those who are used to their burgers and fries: please, please branch out and try this place -- don't let the foreign menu names keep you from discovering this amazing cuisine.Just like any other dishes, these consist of meat and/or vegetables, sauce, and spices. Nothing weird, nothing crazy.... just crazy delicious. This is also a BYO establishment. They do charge a corking fee.My favorites are the potato salad, doro tibs (spicy strips of chicken), alitcha wat (seasoned beef in sauce), and the ayib be gomen (collard greens with cheese). Order the combination platters to sample three different dishes for the price of one. Ask for the injera (tastes kind of like sourdough bread but flat and spongy with a chewy texture) on the side so it doesn't get soggy beneath the meats and veggies. Most servers will gladly accommodate you. Also be sure to order the coffee. Cloves give it a unique and delicious flavor. Can't go wrong with the cakes either.... so moist and flavorful.I've ordered pretty much everything on the menu and each dish has a slightly different taste or consistency. If you go once, you'll end up going enough times to find your favorites. Pinky Promise.
5	Absolutely delicious. The slightly sour taste of the injera is addicting. I recommend the kay wat and inguday wat.
4	I had never had ethiopian and didn't know what I was getting into, but I must say I thoroughly enjoyed my meal.  It's a great place to go on a date or if you want to share your meal.
1	We were visiting family and I suggested we try an Ethiopian place - so naturally I checked Yelp.  Well I can not disagree more with the reviews!  http://www.abayrestaurant.com/menu.shtmThe food at this restaurant was horrible!  The vegetarian sambussa was greasy, the soup was fatty and spicy but without any other flavor.  We ordered the vegetarian sampler for 4.  First the presentation was lousy. The extra injera was awkwardly rolled up around the tray (by the way we were seated at a regular table, with chairs - if you care about lack of ambiance).  The Ye' Abesha Gomen tasted plain and flavorless.  My sister actually put salt on it if that gives you an idea of how bad it was.  The Kik Alitcha (yellow split peas) also had no sauce or flavor.  The WORST dish by far was the Kay Sir Dinich (the description says: potatoes and fresh beets stewed and blended with garlic, ginger and onions) It looked and tasted like canned beats chopped up into cubes!!!!  I couldn't see any potato, and certainly did not taste any other ingredients.  It was comically bad!!!!The Inguday Wat was the only edible dish, and it was just spicy, again no real flavor.Save yourself the money!!! To clarify - the service was very good (fast, polite, etc) It's just the food that I don't recommend. Plus everyone had an upset stomach after dinner.  Don't come here, it's just bad food.
4	This place is fun. The food was good and interesting. Just bought the Yelp deal and will be returning soon.
1	As an Ethiopian I found it lacking in authenticity and the seasoning tended to be over  or under spiced.
3	I've been wanting to try Abay for as long as I can remember.  I finally had the chance to do so last week with a few friends.  Unfortunately, I feel like I wasn't missing much.  I ordered the 4 combo sampler with chicken, beef, lentils, beets.  While all the items tasted fresh there was little to no flavor or spice in most of the dishes.  All of the dishes which were recommended by our waitress had an "S" by them on the menu to indicate "spicy".  The chicken was spicy but not flavorful - my mouth had a physical reaction to the spice but my taste buds were unresponsive to the flavor.  The beets were fresh and tasted like beets and the lentils tasted fairly bland.  The highlight of the meal was the beef.  It had flavor and it was tender but very light on the spiciness.  But I didn't care, my taste buds rejoiced at the flavor given by the other items lack thereof.  Positive for this place is that its byob and the food is fresh and the staff is somewhat friendly.  I noticed that our entrees took an unusually long time after we placed our order.  Perhaps this was because it is cooked fresh or maybe because it was crowded but it would have been nice for a little forewarning.  I wasn't overly impressed but if you've been curious about this place, it's worth a try.
5	Authentic Ethiopian food!!!!!!!!!1
4	I tried Abay for the first time last night.  Not only was it my first time at Abay, it was also my first time experiencing Ethiopian cuisine.  I knew the basic concept behind Ethiopian-style dining, which is using injera bread in place of utensils.  The menu describes the process as: "you to tear off a piece of injera, cover the morsel you desire, and scoop it into your mouth in one graceful swoop."  Sounds easy enough, right?After asking our waiter for some recommendations, my boyfriend and I decided to go with the vegetarian combo platter for two.  The four dishes we ordered were "Kay Sir Dinich", beets and potatoes, "Ayib Be Gomen", a tasty blend of collard greens and cheese, "Ye' Abesha Gomen", a mild kale-based mixture, and the daily special, which was a spicy African curry with tofu.  I enjoyed all of our choices besides the beet and potatoes mixture, which I found to be lacking flavor (and possibly potatoes).  The injera, which was served in a roll on the side of our platter, had a slightly chewy and spongy texture.  It was a fun and tasty way to scoop up the earthy, spicy food.Overall, I thought the restaurant was a good value, especially if you use the Yelp deal currently being offered. I would especially recommend this restaurant to vegetarians and vegans, as the menu has a large selection of vegetarian dishes.  For anyone who is hesitant about giving Ethiopian cuisine a shot, go try it out anyway...the experience is fun and unique, and you just might discover your new favorite cuisine.
3	Overall, I would say this is more like 2.5 rather than three.  We were greeted and seated promptly.  Then it took a while for the server to come over.  I felt sort of talked down to.  She asked if we had ever been to an Ethiopian restaurant before and was either just going though the motions in explaining things or she had a general disgust for the fact that we were newbies and she had to explain things to us.Since we were first timers, we tried the Restaurant Week special.  They pushed for us to get double portions so we could be served on the same platter, but being new to the cuisine, we wanted each choose our own four entrees.  She tried to sway us into the other option two more times, but we wanted to each have our own choices so we ordered our own and were able to try 8 different items that way.  Maybe they were short on individual plates or something, but I thought it was odd she was so insistent that we have the large platter when it was clear we were interested in something else.The soups came out very quickly and were both tasty.  The problem is that mine was only luke warm.  I don't like to send food back, so I asked the server if the soup was supposed to be hot.  She said yes and took it back with no real apology.  About 10 minutes later, she finally brought it back, this time properly heated and had a sort of apology.Then we began our wait.  And watched as the staff seemed to be frazzled delivering plate after plate, just not to our table.  After about 20 minutes, I asked the server what the status was and she said that since they make things from scratch for ever order, it takes more time than usual and ours was "up next"  It was another 10 minutes before our food finally arrived.  I do have to say, it was worth the wait.  I don't remember the specific names of the dishes I tried, but there was a red lentil dish, a curry tofu dish, a beet dish and a chicken dish.  Each had a distinctive flavor and two were quite spicy.  My dining companion had a lamb option, two beet options and a yellow lentil options, all of which he loved.  The Restaurant week special came with dessert.  It was ice cream from Dave and Andy's and a fried pumpkin filled item.  A fantastic way to cap off the meal.I enjoyed the food and am very interested in trying Ethiopian cuisine again.  However, I may opt for take out or visit when there are not any specials going on in hopes of better service.
4	Nice little ethiopian restaurant.  You can sit at normal tables (which are often busy) or the short little stools around wicker basket tables.  We had the spicy chicken sambussas for appetizers, which are smally crispy fried pastries with chicken breast, peppers, and mitmita (hot powder).  The combination platters are highly recommended for trying out the variety of great entrees to choose from--you can try a combination of four vegetarian or four meat and vegetarian entrees.  The different entrees were laid out in front of us on top of injera--spongy unleavened bread.  There are no utensils!  Be sure to wash your hands before eating.  They also give you separate rolls of Injera bread in a basket for us to scoop and eat the food with.  At the end of your meal, you eat your injera plate.  Generally speaking, go for the slow-cooked meats (if you are not a vegetarian).  Two favorites--Gomen besiga: beef slow-cooked and blended with vegetables; delicious and tenderDoro alitcha: drumsticks in delicious herb sauce; a favoriteCouple of wishes for the place:  I wish they had bathroom doors, where you can open the door without touching the door knob (which are known to not be so clean)Our meal was tasty in the beginning, but the metal pan the injera was on seemed to cool down the food quickly and make it cold.  It'd be better if they had a ceramic or plastic plates.
4	It was my first time trying Ethiopian food and loved it! The food tastes so different from what you eat everyday.
4	You know what's funny. The more I think about it, the more I like this place. The more I want to come back and try new and creative items I've never had before. Because frankly, it's like nothing I've ever had. I had absolutely no idea what to order, so I let my friend be my guide!\. We ordered the combination platter for 2, which was $28. Seriously, for the amount of food you get, it's quite a steal! We picked the Inguday Wat (mushrooms), Kay Sir Dinich (Potatoes and Beets), one of the chicken dishes (I don't remember, sorry!) and the LAMB! Why all caps? Because it was that good! I mean seriously, some of the best and most flavorful lamb I've ever had!And to top it off, everything is piled on top of Injera, which is the Ethiopian version of bread. It's delicious and as large as a big pizza pie. Plus you get a little extra rolled up on the side. I probably could eaten the whole piece of Injera, sans meat or veggies and been happy. I'd say the mushrooms were a close second to the lamb, with the beets being a bit underwhelming, especially with my love of beets. I don't normally like chicken, so I think that clouded my judgement... and the lamb was all I could think of.It's BYOB, which is always a plus! So remember to come hungry so you can devour some good food. Especially the lamb!!
4	I've only had Ethiopian at two places--Tana, around the corner, was the first. Abay was the second. So obviously I know nothing about what authentic Ethiopian food tastes like...all I know is that I liked Abay so much that I began to frequent it, and never went back to Tana (especially since if I were to walk from my apartment to Tana, I'd have to pass Abay on the way and resist going inside...impossible) so it really wouldn't be fair of me to compare the food between the two.That out of the way...I love the food here! Don't even think about ordering one thing, just do a combination platter. Most of the foods are stew-like and served on a large piece of injera, which is basically the lovechild of a crepe and sourdough bread. I think I would literally eat all my meals on injera if I could, but that's just me and my love of fermented anything. I've tried most of the menu and my favorites are the Kay Wat (beef with berbere), Zil Zil Tibs (beef with peppers & onions), Gomen Besiga (beef with kale), Kay Sir Dinich (beets & potatoes), and Ayib Be Gomen (collard greens & cheese). During restaurant week, they had scallops as a special that were insanely tasty. If they offer those again, get them! I also get serious cravings for their savory pumpkin soup.I do have a problem with the lack of heat in the dishes. Things that are marked spicy are not spicy. I'm not sure how spicy Ethiopian cuisine is supposed to be, so maybe it's just my high tolerance that is making me disappointed. That being said, those scallops I had on my last visit were the first thing that actually made me reach for the water, so they definitely have the ability to do spicy. I will try asking for my food extra spicy next time.I also have seen photos of Ethiopian food where there's 5 or 6 heaps of food on the injera, almost blending together because there's so much on the plate. Abay only gives the option for four items, and the portions are on the smaller side. That being said, I always leave here full and satisfied, and it's still one of my favorite places in Pittsburgh!
4	Good food and great service! We got the vegetarian sampler and my favorite was the chickpea one (i forget what it was called)
5	The food and service was fantastic. The best thing to do is to get either the vegetarian or combination sampler. You get to choose 4 dishes and I had the waitress pick them for me-which she was kindly open to doing. Also the ambiance is great. Well lit, warm decor, and nice overall appearance.  If you are a health conscious vegetarian or just an experimental eater, I highly suggest this place.
4	This was my first foray into Ethiopian food.  Fortunately, I had some experienced friends with me.  The lamb special with fruit and nuts was really great.  The curry chicken was super spicy and excellent.  Presentation seemed understated, but that may be how Ethiopian cuisine is... sort of all the same color.  Regardless, it was super tasty and the BYOB means the wine is always delicious! The seating area is nice, but there aren't a lot of tables.  I understand that the wait is hit-or-miss.  They do take reservations;, however.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh and the best Ethiopian restaurant in the 'burgh!
5	After being introduced to Ethiopian food in Boston (Addis Red Sea), I was excited to find Abay when I moved to the Burgh (one with a lot of yelp reviews)It is easy to get a table on the weekdays or at least in my case whenever I have showed up. It's a BYOB and be prepared to get your "hands dirty" eating - there are no utensils. Parking is on the street but not much of a hassle especially since I like to dine an hour before closing (when the crowd dies down and makes parking easier)We started with the Sambussa (fried puff pastry with minced chicken or beef). Both are flavorful and the meat is moist. For the entree a combination platter is the way to go, giving you a choice of food options at a lower price. I have tried the Doro Wat (chicken drumsticks), Doro Tibs (chicken strips), Shiro Wat (split peas, lentils and chickpeas) and Kay Wat (slow cooked chopped beef) and all of them are really good. I could skip the vegetarian options, but that's just me. The food is served on a soft Injera  bread, and the idea is to scoop up the food with the bread and eat. I would suggest getting a side of Injera since the one on which the food is served gets mushy.If you are interested in food with spices and different favors, this is the right place for you. The portions are not as big as I have had in Boston but plentiful to get your stomach full.I bid you good eating! Tip: Don't be afraid to ask your server for suggestions. They do help out a lot when in a dilemma between two equally great dishes.
1	Didn't like the food. Probably because of my bland Americanized pallet. The food was pricey. They want you to pay for the "cultural" experience. It also took our waitress around 45 minutes to split our checks and run our cards. The place was practically empty at the time. Not cool.
4	Get a group and go have fun.Abay may be my favorite place in the city when I have a group of friends ready for food.  Sitting at the big round table and sharing the different dishes, drinking wine, and sharing stories is a must.  Choices I'd recommend:Pumpkin soup - Creamy, refreshing, and delicious.Zilzil Tibs - Great spice and probably the best compliment to the injera bread.Doro Wat - chicken with lemon is quite nice and a good switch from the spicy and hearty zilzil.Shiro Wat - Creamy lentils, peas, and chickpeas in a spicy sauce.  Good stuff.I've tried many of the dishes, but these 3 are musts.
5	I was so impressed by Jamie at his restaurant Alma Pan-Latin Kitchen that I just had to try Abay. Everything about it was so exotic I had never had any African cuisine and like he had pointed out when he spoke to the Yelp Elite, it really was a bold and adventurous move for him to open up an Ethiopian restaurant in East Liberty in 2007.My expectations were very high , because this was my birthday lunch and I wanted everything to be perfect and it was.  The African Curry Chicken was may favorite dish, it set my mouth on fire but I just couldn't stop eating it.   What a remarkable dining experience.
4	If you're tired of dining at a table with silverware come to Abay. We were given the option of sitting at a regular round table or a small woven table the size of a stool with similarly woven seats. We decided to be adventurous and sat at the small woven tables.We ordered a combination sampler for three people. Here were our choices:Ayib Be Gomen - Fresh collard greens blended cheeseKay Wat  - Beef slowly simmered with berbere and a combination of seasonings.Alitcha Wat - Lean, chopped beef slowly simmered in a mild herb sauceDoro Wat - Drumsticks marinated with fresh lemon and simmered in berbere and a combination of seasonings.Gomen Besiga - Lean, cubed beef slow-cooked and blended with kale, peppers, ginger, garlic and onions.Everything was delicious and very flavorful. The seasoning was very strong and somewhat spicy. My favorite was the Doro Wat. The chicken drumsticks were very juicy and tender. The collard greens was also a favorite and served as a nice palate cleanser between eating the different types. The injera was also very interesting and new to taste. It's similar to a very large pancake except spongier and has a somewhat sourdough taste.The combination platter came with one extra injera and the injera that the meat and vegetables were on. We had to order another injera to finish everything.Best part of the meal was using your hands to rip off pieces of the injera and using the injera to scoop up the meat. Surprisingly, it wasn't too messy.
5	Love Abay.  Love the kale.   Love the Doro Wat.  You will be missed!!!!!
4	I'm a CARNIVORE and I dined here with a vegan, so I think I could love this place, but the problem was just that I'll never love kale.  Unless we can get a wilted kale in a bacon sauce--can we do that?  Is there bacon in Ethiopia?The night we dined at Abay it was one of those pretty winter nights where it was cold but not windy so it felt warm out, like 50 degrees and whatever--I'm a Pittsburgirl, so thats warm--and there were those awesome super huge snow flakes falling and all of the E End looked like a snowglobe.  A snowglobe that smelled DELICIOUS.Abay smells fantastic as soon as you walk in.  Fun fact:  I am a former book seller at the now gone Borders Bookstore in the E End (shed a tear, pour out some beer for our fallen bookstore).  People used to come in smelling like delicious food and I didn't want to say, "Hey, you smell like food..." until one day my coworker actually asked...  "Where did you just eat?"  Abay.You're going to smell like Abay for hours after you leave and there is nothing wrong with that.  The restaurant is pretty inside and you can sit at the traditional table but we opted for a regular table.  Our waiter was nice and service was good, we started our dinner with pumpkin soup that was amazing.  Tasted so good...like something on Pinterest you have no shot of making yourself.But here was the problem:  stupid vegan friend.  I like veggies, but I was ready to eat some lamb.  Instead we had a delicious tray of various veggie purees on dough.  It was good, really good.  i had to pretend to gag bc I didnt want her to start dragging me to vegan/vegge restaurants, but omg ... it was all so good.  The food is warm temperature wise, but it TASTES warm, and I'm not talking about spice.  There's something very earthy and robust about the seasonings they use that make me want to go back...and eat some meat.
