5	An excellent museum, both aesthetically, culturally, and organizationally.  Besides the general pleasure of walking the streets and breathing in life, this may be my favorite thing in Edinburgh.  In fact, I visited twice during a four-day stay.The ground floor is the highlight to me--roughly the Roman, Scottish, Pictish, and Anglican eras, up through the "Kingdom of the Scots" and into the early Renaissance--full of amazing artifacts such as the Monymusk Reliquary (c. 750), the Lewis Chessmen, and a magnificent 16th-century claymore.  The floors above progress through the last three centuries of Scottish history, and much of it is interesting, but to me the real magic is in those artifacts that emerge from the near edge of antiquity and the medieval period.  Standing stones carved with Pictish runes, whalebone caskets, giant swords...that is the really good stuff.  The museum is very well curated and does a crack job of presenting the material logically and engagingly.  Bravo.
5	While the Royal Museum in Chambers Street is being refurbished, and therefore closed to the public for the next four or so years, some of the favourite exhibits can be found on several floors in the adjoining NMS. These include the stuffed tiger, still able to scare wee ones. The NMS itself has lots to offer, though. Galleries of weaponry, industrial machines, clothing, carvings, paintings and pottery. Great wee activity areas for the kids, and a nice (if pricey) cafe.The hands on gallery is great - try launching a rocket with air power (this is a good workout) or driving a formula one car. Well stocked gift shop too.
5	A must see half day visit for tourists and locals.Despite current redevelopment more than enough to interest adults and children.For a family on tour it's free entry is an added bonus.
5	Fantastic collection, and because it's free, I went for just a few hours at a time each day to take in a little more.  Especially loved how explanatory each description was.  Coming here reminded me that I heart Titian!
4	I have spent many a rainy afternoon wandering around this museum. Its free to get in, so its a great way to kill some time or spend the day.The museum basically tells the story of Scotland, right from the very beginning until the present day. The museum is so well laid out that you start at the bottom and work your way up. Its a very interesting way to learn about Scotland and see the way the society and the landscape has changed. I enjoy the Early People exhibit which includes clothes, pottery, jewelery, weapons etc that are often over a thousand years old! The Industrial exhibit is quite interesting as it relays Scotland vast industrial history and it really puts into perspective the way things have changed in Scotland.   There is a lot of interactive exhibits which are great for kids (young and old) to play with. The Connect Gallery is great fun as you can test your reaction times, control a robot and drive an F1 Simulator.Its a great museum with so much to see and do its impossible for me to write it all down. You really need a whole day or a couple of afternoons to see everything. If your not visiting with kids, the best time is during the week in the afternoon when it is not so busy with school trips. There is also a fantastic viewing area on the roof. The views of Edinburgh are amazing, especially if you get a clear day. It is worth a visit even if you aren't doing the whole museum.In my opinion, the best part of the museum is next door at the Royal Museum. Unfortunately it is closed for refurbishment until 2011.
5	As someone who's not usually a huge museum fan, I absolutely love this one.It's free to get in, for starters, so even if you disagree with me you won't have had to part with any cash in the process.What I love about it is the sheer number of exhibitions they always have. There are way too many to list on here, but you can see everything from Dolly the Sheep to Sir Jackie Stewart's F1 car, and it's all spread over three levels. You can easily spend a few hours in here without realising!One word of warning... it's open 7 days a week, and I'd definitely recommend going during the week unless you want to be surrounded by what seems like every single small, noisy child in Edinburgh!There is a restaurant on the top floor, but it's defnitely towards the swankier end of the scale as opposed to a place to grab a quick bite of lunch when you get hungry post-browse.
5	Despite this building's eccentric architecture compared to its more older-looking neighbours this Museum is a true gem to Scottish History, Modern and Old. Firstly, if you are visiting Scotland for a short while, I would suggest you check out their website for the various free tours they offer throughout the day- a good way to keep kids and adults occupied whilst you are taken around this fun museum, through Scottish time. And where to start from?Well this really depends on what you want to see. From a big activity room for the little and big kids in your company to play in(ahem the room I have spent most time in), seeing Dolly the sheep to taking a walk through Scottish history from Neolithic times to the most recent, as a whole array of worldwide treasures, this museum really has it all, and in the meantime take your time to admire (or hate ) the interesting architecture of the building. Temporary exhibitions are also quite interesting to check out( see their website for more details); and then there is the Tower restaurant as well as the Terrace which in good weather will give you amazing views of the surrounding Edinburgh City.  Sadly the older part of this museum is under development at the moment, but even the section that is open is well worth a visit!adly the older part of this museum is under development at the moment, but even the section that is open is well worth a visit!
5	This museum is truely a brilliant, and certainly very cultural, attraction positioned in the centre of Edinburgh.A wonderful mixture of both traditional and modern - this museum has it all. A detailed exibit on the history of Scotland, a natural history section, a technology section and always a changing and new exibition - to name but a few. Its hugely easy to spend a few hours in here, and when you return (I know you will) something new, that you didnt spot the first time, will charm you.Easily one of the best places in Edinburgh to come for some culture, and that really is saying something. It's free too - so great for all who want educational fun.
5	This is a great museum and it's massive so you really could spend a whole day walking around and best of all; it's absolutely free!  The museums follows Scottish history from Neanderthals through to middle ages right up to contemporary society.The museum is fresh, modern with exhibits for all ages and friendly staff too which is a change from the usual stony faced museum curators.I spent a good while on level 1 in the connect gallery which is a rather hands on section of the museum where you can create your own robot, programme a machine and even drive a race car! They also have Dolly the sheep in all her taxidermed glory. This exhibit was made even better when one of the staff came over to tell me a little bit more about Dolly and the drama surrounding cloning, it's amazing to think that Dolly was effectively six years old at birth!A great, free resource and definitely worth a visit!
5	What a great way to represent Scotland!! It's smack bang in the middle of  Edinburgh and is such a huge pull for everyone - not just tourists.They have brilliant things in here, some a bit weird (but wonderful) and some simply amazing. As Jonathan M said, you can spend ALL day in here without thinking about it.I came here once for a games-console exhibition. It was great! We could play all the old-school games and try out the new technology (which, at that time, was the wii).It's absolutely brilliant in here, well worth a visit!
4	The good old Museum of Scotland. I'm always super keen for a bit of museum banter, as it's cool to look at artefacts and such like and think how weird and head boggling it is that the world has been around for so long. Then I start thinking about what would happen if you could time travel back to a thousand years ago, and how random that would be, and actually, could time travel ever be possible? I'm sure most people think this while staring at a ceramic pot in a museum...don't they?Anyway, it's good to know about your country's history, and seeing as Edinburgh has masses of awesome history, this is a good place to learn about it all. It would take a very long time to go through all of the important items you can see here, but there is a brilliant amount of exhibits, including the Lewis Chessmen and the much famed Dolly the Sheep, which give a thorough explanation of the story of Scotland, and I strongly suggest a visit here whether you're on holiday in Scotland or you're a local, although it'll probably take more than one visit to take everything in properly.
5	Pretty outstanding museum, I'm only going to add one little tip!Stay the hell away from the cafe, they serve the weakest coffee in the world and it's mighty expensive. It's practically just water. Get your own from Starbucks down the street (i'm sure they'll open a new one closer next week).Don't let this put you off from what is this country's best tourist attraction.
4	What a great museum!  It truly is a museum for the nation.  I successfully whiled away a couple of hours here.  Once the renovations here are complete, it will be a truly epic day out.  I particularly enjoyed some of the games that you can do on the ground floor - I forget which exhibition they were actually in.  The rest of the museum is very well laid out, and crammed full of exhibits that trace a wide range of things in the history of Scotland.One of the best things about this museum is that it is completely free!  This seems to be a route that many of the big museums are going down, and it's great to make their collection available at no cost.  The museum takes up nearly half of one side of Chambers Street, and so it's pretty hard to miss.  Well worth a visit if you're a tourist or a life-long Edinburgh resident.
5	The National Museum of Scotland is as informative as it is interactive!Boasting exhibitions that take you from the Bronze Age to the present day and beyond, there is something to suit every interest and age group. They had a life sized NASA rocket and loads of old artefacts last time I was here.They seem to have a range of exhibits that are as good at representing older ways of living as much as showcasing the changing pace of technology. But my favourite parts of the museum are the sections that concentrate on Scottish life through the ages. There are some great, insightful pieces to be found, from an interesting video reel dedicated to Scottish migration to memorabilia from Scottish music artists! I loved seeing the old Apollo programs and sneaking a look at the seats from Scotland's old music venues. I was also captivated by their detailed accounts of Scottish scheme life since the 70s and loved the quirky homage they play to the notorious Edinburgh graverobbers, Burke and Hare.With a cafe, shop and staff all around to help you throughout your museum journey, you could easily spend a full day in the National Museum and never get bored. What's more, it's a free day out! One of the best museums in Edinburgh (if not the whole of Scotland), you'd be mad to miss it.
3	As museums go this is not one of the most spectacular in terms of having a range of items, but this is mostly because it stays loyal to being a museum for Scotland.The items on show range all the way from the decorative to the interesting featuring both ornamental and practical items that have played their role over time.One criticism that could be had of this museum is that although it offers a wealth of displays it doesn't offer much insight into Scottish life through the ages.  It's focus rests more on the artefact's side of things which is alright enough, but I do think it could do more to bring these displays alive.It might have got 4 stars, but being used to London's museums I fail to see why Edinburghs aren't able to match what I'm used to.  As a capital city that has been such a centre for knowledge it should do better.
5	The Museum of Scotland is one half of the National Museum of Scotland, the other half being the Royal Museum. The latter, a once fantastic Victorian Museum full of world and natural history, is currently being redeveloped and won't reopen until 2011, probably ruined like the Kelvingrove in Glasgow was (full of contemporary "storytelling methods" that have replaced the apparently outdated traditional method of organising a museum by topic and/or by chronology and full of hip cool interactivity). So for now we are left with just one half. Unlike its sister museum, the Museum of Scotland focuses one particular history (clue is in the name). All aspect of Scottish History are covered, from prehistory to 20th century, from social history to military history. In this the Museum does a fantastic job. There are certainly some great objects in the Museum worth coming in just to see, such as Queen Mary's Harp or the now very dead but still preserved Dolly the Sheep.The Museum is ordered roughly chronologically, with the exhibition on the formation of Scotland a zillion years ago being at the lowest level, and 20th century history being at the top. My particular favourite section is the "Early People" in which you can see some truly breathtaking pre-Christian to early Christian stonework and metalwork and some truly incredible Celtic art. The only section that I think could do with some serious reordering is the "Kingdom of the Scots" which deals with medieval-17th century Scotland. Unfortunately I find this section a bit of a maze and every time I go in I need to keep referring to the map. I would also prefer a little extra information on the panels sometimes,  but I understand this is not for everybody, and what they do have is adequate and if nothing else it makes you more curious about a subject and encourages you to go home and research (i.e. wikipedia).All in all there is lots and lots to see, more than a days worth in all likelihood. There are regular free tours of the Museum as well as activities organised for children and adults (check their website or call up for details). There is also a nice but pricey cafe and a reasonable gift shop were you can find postcards, books and the usual souvenirs as well as some more child oriented gifts (though you might want to save buying that dress-up knights costume until after the museum visit, no one likes a screaming Teutonic warrior running through the gallery while their trying to read!)As far as getting to know Scotland is concerned, tourists and locals alike could do worse than visit this museum. It is certainly a lot more honest and professional that some of the other historical tourist attractions.Overall the Museum manages to satisfy those looking for a more modern approach to history whilst remaining, for the most part, faithful to traditionalist museum goers. Lets just hope the new Royal Museum manages the same!
5	Absolutely great day out...and you'll need a day, partly because this place is a maze and you could very easily be lost in here for a day but mainly because there is loads to see!Covering Scottish history starting with 'Beginnings and Early People' and ending with 'Industry and Empire' you could come back here time and time again and still find something new to see or learn.A lot of the museum is standard museum practice- historical artefacts behind glass, but there are nods to a more interactive experience with touch screens that show more detail on certain items (including the guillotine!!) and for the children there are dressing up areas, an activity area with colouring books and other child like stuff and a board game that I enjoyed at the age of 23 although clearly marketed at the under 12s!!I also have to mention the lovely woman who, dressed in Ye Olde Clothes walks round one of the exhibitions answering any question you care to ask. She was really friendly and obviously really knows her history!
5	My friend and I came to The National Museum Scotland a few months ago when we were hungover and bored.  It was an informtative and fun day out which had plenty to offer in the way of life size models, interactive things to play with and interesting captions.  To be honest, some of it isn't the most interesting with whole sections devoted to sixteenth century clothing, but some of it - like the emigration section - is fascinating.  My friend and I made the mistake of not reading the main notice board before we headed off for an afternoon of learning.  Thus, we found ourselves in the first section with absolutely no idea what the central theme was.  None of the objects seemed to bear any relation to one another.  This was our fault, and if you plan you plan a route then I'm sure the whole thing will make far more sense.It's a great museum with plenty to offer no matter how old you are.
4	The National Museum of Scotland, located on Chambers Street and just around the corner from Scotland's National Library, is a great place to lose yourself in the history of the country for a few hours or more! The museum guides you through the early days of Scotia, right through to the 1960s (including displays on football - remembering the glory days of Scottish football). The parts of the museum that I seemed to spend most time looking at were the sections on medieval Scotland, including displays on Wallace and Bruce. Also, the displays on Empire are very interesting indeed, it shows you the impact Scots had on the British Empire. After working your way up to the upper floors I would advise you to pay the roof terrace a visit. Although it needs a lick of paint to spruce things up, you do get fantastic views overlooking all of Edinburgh! If your want to learn about Scotland, this place is a brilliant place to start, and it is even free!
5	Scotland's flagship museum has a lot more than old pots and pans to whet your appetite for historical facts. Like all museums, said broken bits of old crockery are on show, but there's also much, much more. A highlight is the science section, which includes a sit-in racing car simulator. It's hair-tearingly frustrating and utilises the kind of 3D graphics you'd see on "Tomorrow's World" circa 1985 but a good laugh nonetheless. Better still is the Build a Robot game, which gets you thinking, is very addictive, and tricky enough to merit a genuine and embarrassing roar of celebration once you crack it.As someone who has always thought the world would be a better place if we went back to good old fashioned Neanderthal values, it's good to see our mammoth clubbing ancestors explained, and more or less every other historical period since is covered, with a new natural history section opening up soon.All in all quite unmissable, and so big that it would take at least a couple of visits to do it justice.
4	Great  half day at a time trip for family and free
4	First, it's free.  While it's not as big as my favorite museums, I like the place being spacious, clean and, again, free.  It's a great place to learn about Scotland.  But if history is not your thing, consider it as a great place to get a break from the crowd and from the winter cold.
5	This is a terrific museum.  The modern building fits into the surroundings.  The collection us huge, explained well, and displayed beautifully.  And it's free.Picts.  Celts.  Romans.  Vikings.  Jacobites.  John Knox.  Covenanters (extreme Presbyterians?)  Executing witches in the cruelest ways.  Love/hate relationship with the English.  Emigration.  Scottish engineers, business executives and inventors thriving under the Empire.  Oil.  Scottish Parliament.I'm still trying to sort it out.  I can't figure out how the Scots went from fighting against the English to fighting for the English in the space of 30 years.  These are the things I thought the coolest of all at the National Museum:-- The Lewis Chessmen.-- Gold and weapons galore.-- The tiny little coffins with effigies in them.  (Ian Rankin fans, don't miss this.)-- The proto-guillotine.  (I must have heard half a dozen times in three days that the Scots invented the guillotine, not the French.  Unfortunately the Scottish beta  version didn't work very well.  The executioner often had to reset it several times before it separated the condemned from his head.)-- The ancient golf balls and clubs and the curling stones made from the only authorized curling stone quarry -- in Scotland of course.Tourists and Scots alike, if you only have five minutes after you get your heart warming photo with Greyfriars Bobby, cross the street and spend five minutes looking at the Lewis Chessmen.  They're on the ground floor.
4	Just got to see the new Chambers Street section of the museum that's opened up formerly the Royal Museum. Really great, reminded me of the Natural History Museum in London. Mainly due to the wonderful Tyrannosaurus Rex skeleton.Well laid out, in fact the layout and display work in some places is more interesting than the exhibits. Its original and more arty than a lot of museums.Already a good museum, but now even more impressive and intriguing.
5	I love museums--art, natural history, human history, culture. A lot of people think you've seen one, you've seen them all. But this place tops the list. We had the pleasure of coming the first day it reopened to the public after the renovation. It's absolutely beautiful. The mix of modern and historic is amazing. I especially loved the modern art fixtures dispersed throughout the Scottish pre-history exhibits. You can tell the curators love Scottish history and want the visitors to love it, too. They do an amazing job of conveying that the Scots are their own people with their own unique history and culture. It's amazing to see artifacts found in old properties throughout Edinburgh. It really gave me a sense of how old Edinburgh really is. Among my other favorites: Dolly the sheep; the working steam engine; and the amazing sample books of Scottish textiles. Now all I need is someone to invite me an event here!
5	What more do you want out of a museum?  It's free!! It's loaded with cool stuff, easy to get around and free!I spent a whole day here with no problem, they have some great and well done exhibits here.
4	Oooo, ahhh, wooooow! So are some of the noises I heard, and possibly made, when checking out the newly refurb'd National Museum. How lucky are we Edinburgh locals to have so many Galleries, Museums and other historical, cultural delights in our fair city. The National Museum of Scotland is the one just over George IV Bridge in the fairly modern looking building. Parts of it were undergoing reconstruction for a few years now, and in the past few weeks it has been revealed to the public.You enter in the same space you always did, and this is the only part of the museum that isn't as impressive or 'easy' as the rest. The entrance is small, you have to go past the gift shop and only then do you enter a much larger hall. In comparison to my other favourite museum, the Kelvingrove Museum in Glasgow, it's not as impressive when you first walk in. Kelvingrove is a veritable palace and the moment you step in you're overwhelmed by architectural genius before you even see the exhibits.Anyway, once you get through the slightly narrow, winding entrance you'll find one huge hallway and to your left the newly refurb'd section. And wow, oh my. It was worth the wait, and the winding entrance. FIrst there's the kids hall full of exciting games to play. I think these are meant only for kids but that didn't stop me having a turn on a few of them, like the little robot that looks like it should be on the moon, and staring at Dolly the Sheep. The next giant hall is far more grown up and splendorous. Light, marble, with balconies all around from the 3 or 4 levels of exhibition rooms you get a real sense of the scale of this place. The building itself is really quite wonderful and they did a grand job in the refurb.The exhibitions themselves feel like they go for millenia. I went in at 4pm, an hour before closing, and had a quick peek round the Scottish exhibition, the stuffed animal hall, the space section, and Egyptians. SOOOOOOO COOOOOL!Ahem, ok not the most eloquent way of describing it but it seriously is awesome. Brings out the little kid in you again, and made me realise how much I miss learning and that thirst for knowledge.I'll be coming back here to spend a good few hours trailing every room and absorbing every detail. The range of artefacts, the breadth of different displays, the interactive kids element, and the building itself are all stunning. One of the things in this city that make me proud to be a local.
5	This place is a labyrinth.And I love labyrinths. Museums are some of my favourite spots, no matter which city I'm in. Maybe it's being surrounded by ancient art, or so much inspiration that my brain all but squeals out of my head. I don't know, all I know is, this is where I'll be found on a rainy day.The sections downstairs are a bit louder, and you're more likely to encounter children there, (in the Netherlands those are usually strictly separate children's museums/adult museums) but the Renaissance and such are rather lovely to just hang out, sit down, and contemplate Life the Universe and Everything.The science exhibit is very interactive as well, this is where you'll find most of the kids, there are punch-walls, and all other sorts of fun stuff. I didn't stay too long, as I was anxious to get to my favourite period, but I can recommend this place for basically every day. It energises me, and recharges my battery. It makes me want to go home and make something beautiful. Even if it's just a paper hat. (What? I make bomb paper hats).I've not tried the cafe yet, I'm keeping my fingers crossed for good coffee, but the minute I do, I'll let you guys know. We're unlikely to have much more sunshine, but if we do, haste you to the top of this museum. The views are fantastic and awe-inspiring.Don't miss out!
3	I love this place, as my previous review shows, however: don't order a drink or food here. I feel like it's a massive rip-off. A glass of coke is 2,50, I've never felt more ripped off in my life. Come on, 2,50 to pour a bottle of coke into a glass? You're having a laugh, are you?I had a latte as well the other day and not only was the coffee burned, the people behind the coffee-machine didn't even know how to operate it! They weren't barista's just people put there to take your money.So come here, have a wander, enjoy the museum, but please, please, don't drink their canal-water that they call coffee, it's absolute rubbish! Ban the canal-water, I say! Ban it!(Because we are the 99%).
5	It's sad when you wander though a museum and realise you used to own/use/wear many of the exhibits. However, the National Museum of Scotland  offers much more than a glimpse into my past wardrobe faux pas. The site has been carefully re-modelled to enhance the visitor experience, and while they've obviously realised the cash potential of coffee bars - they're everywhere- there's enough left over to get the child in me curious. It's worth taking the free 1 hour taster tour to get to grips with the layout and plan for the must sees. Our guide was very knowledgeable and offered a great introduction to the place, pacing the tour to finish in time for the millennium clock doing it's thing at midday.After a thorough wander through the various galleries we grabbed a seat in the new cafe at street level. It was pretty pricey - over a tenner for a couple of coffees with cake but the scones were stunning. My only reservation was the place needed a good clean. Seats were stained and dirty - possibly an error in furniture buying considering the number of small sticky fingered children that will be passing through.At the end of a most engaging day, I'm glad to say the new museum didn't let me down, and will be calling me back over the years to come.
3	Pretty cool, it has an interesting layout. Every area seems different, architecturally. The exhibits are so-so. There isn't much here that is unique. In fact, I was a little disappointed by the amount of non-Scotland related items here. I was expecting things like rows and rows of battle axes and whatnot, but there isn't too much of that. If you want Egyptian or Roman things, you will have a decent time. This place is pretty good for kids, too. They have a section with taxidermy'd animals and a t-rex skeleton, as well as an interactive, science play area.  This museum isn't a must-see, but since it's free, you can try it out. It also serves as a good shelter against Scottish weather.
5	As Jenny L points out quite rightly, you will find it difficult to contain the Oooh, Ahhhhs and woooows when you visit The National Museum of scotland(NMOS). It is oh so difficult to write a complete review on the back of just one visit here. How can you compliment the chef in the proper manner without enjoying all five courses? NMOS has so much to offer that the 2 hour visit left me wanting more. NMOS has an incredible maze like structure. The spacial confines will induce the most child like behavior in the grumpiest of adults. You can imagine therefore the high pitch giddy nature with which I graced the splendorous giant hall Jenny L talks of in her review. It'd been a long day when we entered NMOS. Having been up since the break of dawn and taking in the cityscape, this place welcomed us with open (warm aired) arms, literally. No, really..... You see, We'd been up to Calton hill to take in the panoramic view of the city, only to be hit by a sudden snowstorm. After being pummeled by golf sized snowballs and getting soaked, we had to cut our Calton hill adventure short. With vibrating teeth we marched the 15 minute brisk walk to NMOS and promptly headed up the spirally stairs to body dry ourselves. Emerging some 20 minutes later, little did we know we were about to have the time of our lives. Albeit a 2 hour portion, on an Edinburgh visit. We went with the flow and decided the chaos theory would be far more fun than an orderly methodical route. Off we went meandering through, free as clouds, oh what things we saw, oh how we laughed, oh how we gazed, wide eyed. This place is photography heaven, the architecture alone had me clicking away at an alarming rate.There is nothing more I can tell you about the detailed layout or what exactly is housed in the museum that hasn't already been mentioned by other reviewers, no doubt in more detail.  I just want to report to you guys that I had a fantastico time, much like my first ever visit to Alton towers at the ripe old age of...well, old, last year... In Toy story, Woody sang; "You got a friend in me."  Like Alton towers this place just "brought ouuuuut the inner child in me."  ...Sighs...That's a great feeling isn't it? When you find another avenue to adrenalin pumping, seratonin soothing nirvana....Sigh no2....Any to the how, as you all know like a bee I'm on an eternal treasure hunt looking for such hives of sweet pleasure. I may well have moved on in my quest, but rest assured I have locked down as a target NMOS and I WILL BE BACK!
4	I've been visiting the National Museum for Scotland (NMS) regularly since I was a little girl, back in the days when you could eat your sandwich around the fish ponds in the atrium. I have always wanted to visit the museum at night and was thrilled to get that chance through attending the RBS Museum Lates: Night of the Mummy event. It is remarkable how different the place can feel at night. Even with 2000 bodies in the venue, parts of the museum still managed to sound quiet and feel intimate. Along with the live entertainment provided and the silent disco, guests could also wonder around the exhibits and, provided they had purchased a special ticket, check out the Fascinating Mummies exhibit. (Which is well worth visiting if you happen to visit the museum before the end of May 2012.) There was also face painting (we can be such big kids sometimes) and real live African animals to hold and learn more about. (Baby Meerkats!!)While I had an absolutely amazing evening I feel I can't give 5 stars because of the problems with the bars on the night. The queues were ridiculously long all evening, possibly due to the fact that cocktails were being mixed at some of them. It made hydrating yourself an absolute nightmare, especially if you had been in the silent disco for awhile and just wanted a bottle of water. (NMS guys: if you read this, set up a bar next to the silent disco JUST for water/soft drinks. It would stop us having to resort to drinking out of the taps in the bathrooms.)All in all it was a brilliant evening and I'll definitely be getting a ticket for the next 'Wonderland' event in May!
4	I've learned (the hard way) that when a museum you've grown up going to can just never be as amazing when it has been refurbished (take note California Academy of Sciences!).  The flip side to that of course is that for those of us who only came to said pre-refurb museums as adults, they seemed old, dusty and dated.  That was how I felt about the National Museum of Scotland.  I only visited the pre-refurb once, and found the exhibits almost embarrasing, especially compared with the awesomeness that is the Museum of Scotland.  With that in mind, I was excited to see the transformation.  Part of me wishes I'd paid more attention on that one and only other visit, so I could fully appreciate the extent of the changes - all I really remember are comedy dioramas of ancient Egypt (still there!!) and a coffee shop.  But whatever they've done, they've done it well.  My only visit to the new and improved museum was for the Egyptian museum late night event (affectionately dubbed "night at the museum") and I definitely need another trip to properly see everything, but I thought it was great.  The exhibits are just hands on enough (everybody likes a bit of interation!) without being too geared towards kids, and there is a really healthy amount of space in which to see everything, so it doesn't feel cramped.  As I said, I'll need another trip to give me a proper feel of the place without the thump of a dj in the background, but I think this refurb has been a great success.
4	An excellent free museum. Varied displays, and great for kids and families. Equally great for escaping the elements outside. I can also say (from personal experience) that the upstairs cafe serves fine chocolate cake!
5	I hadn't been to the National Museum since my junior years and wasn't sure what to expect. My friends' newly 3 year old insists on spending Friday's here so I was curious to see what the fuss was about. I loved it! The proper history stuff (really great for Scottish history) sits in the side areas across several levels - from ancient Scotland to current day. The wow factor of the museum is definitely in how it caters for kids, all centred around the central atriums, but several side areas also. Dressing up areas, sensory areas, puzzles and simulations for all ages which many of the adults struggled to stay away from - yes, you the dad hogging the racing car simulation...Egyptians, racing cars, armour, replica housing and Dolly the sheep are all here and more - there is just sooooo much to see and do! The museum itself is free, with lots if seating areas and cafes for resting weary legs. The museum is great for all ages - probably better to do it over several visits to avoid 'culture fatigue' but well worth taking time out to explore!Beware of getting lost though - it is a bit maze like!
5	I came away thinking the Scottish are pretty badass. First of all, this museum is free. Free turned me around from tromping down the Royal Mile. Immediately, I headed downstairs for Scottish origins. I warily looked around once I arrived. There are robot looking metal sculptures down there. They seem out of place until you realize they are very unique displays. So, the Scots have human sized metal robot sculptures. What else do they have? Badass Pictish weapons, art, jewelry, carvings and more. I especially like how this museum will take a broken find, like an axehead and pair it with a modern handle. They do this with several items, so you can imagine how it fit together. These modern pieces are mostly a milky white color, which sets the dull ancient metal pieces and fabrics off well.I didn't have time to follow all of the museum's twists, turns, and multi-levels. They have a phenomenal collection. I'm sure you could get lose for hours enjoying Scottish history.
4	We made sure to go here since we'd missed it 3 years ago due to time constraints. It is well worth your time (besides it's free-although contributions are welcome). It's much larger than it first appears and covers much from historic to current. Would be nice to have a few places to sit (especially if you've been walking the Castle or have walked up from the Royal Mile). Had a great exhibit at the end showing different types of artificial limbs and current prosthesis - very interesting.
3	I found this to be a very interesting museum covering Scotland's ancient history to modern days.  I was a little less than taken with the setup of the bottom of the 'main' half of the museum -- interesting artifacts, but arranged in mostly static displays with little color.  That much stark white around the aged/rusted metal bored my eyes after a while.  The upper floor of the main part, though, (modern Scotland) was well done, with artifacts from the past couple centuries in warm, engaging displays.  The old Royal Victoria Museum (?) half was particularly impressive, with numerous industrial and mechanical exhibits.  The highlight for me, though, was the roof terrace with its outstanding views of Edinburgh, well-marked with signs.
4	There are two parts to this museum. One section focuses on Scotland the other section is just a hodgepodge of Natural History. It's kinda kooky, but in a good way.
4	Its been a while since the grand reopening and I decided its high time to visit the museum, so tagged along with a bunch of history lovers to see their latest exhibit.The Vikings...plunderers, ravagers, hoarders you make up your own mind at the Vikings exhibit within the National Museum of Scotland?An informative, interesting and well laid out in-depth view of the Vikings. Exquisite jewellery, beautifully worked gold and silver ware. Basically objects and artefacts left behind tell their story of everyday life.Interactive technology is used in addition, to educate us on what they wore, the complexities of their beliefs, transport and ship building; makes me wonder what their equivalent of Yelp would have been?I can think of ways to spend a few rainy hours, but not any in Edinburgh that would involve dressing as a Viking, unless it was a stag night or Halloween. Maybe for that reason alone Edinburgh should have a Viking Day to celebrate our connections?There is plenty of time to go as it runs from Jan to May 2013, and free entry if your a museum member. Events, talks, and films welcome you to participate in this Scandinavian based exhibit however you deem suitable?
5	I have many fond memories of spending hours in here as a child and it still just as amazing going back now as a student. The building is amazing and although admittedly not the easiest to navigate, I think this is a large part of the magic of the place. You could very easily get lost in here but I like to think that the many different staircases, winding passages and wee place you stumble upon are a huge part of what makes the museum so special.The exhibitions are amazing , there really is something for absolutely everyone! You could easily come in here everyday for a week and still not see everything you wanted to. There are amazing artefacts, interactive parts for children (and the young at heart), cute animals to 'aww' over - you name it they probably have it!I still find it so amazing that you can have such a great day here for free, but of course it is always nice to leave a wee donation! The various cafes and shops are quite expensive but I don't resent paying a little bit more that normal since there is not an entry fee.The museum is the kind of place that reminds you of the joys of learning and makes you want to just devour knowledge. I like to go here often and just get lost for a few hours. I would definitely recommend to anyone no matter what your pursuits or interests.
4	Bit of everything...Great after hours events...I love history!
1	First time in since they renovated the natural history section. Wow, it was actually shocking how much it has changed (and not for the better). I remember the museum as a Victorian Natural History museum with hundreds of different exotic animals that you could spend hours looking at quietly. Now it has become very 'kid-friendly' with lots of things for screaming kids to jump on and touch. As a child I used to be able to spend hours walking through the Natural History galleries , now I left after 10 minutes having seen everything.Disappointing.
5	An Edinburgh icon and the best thing to do on a rainy day, with or without children. There are two museums. The larger one comprises science and natural history as well as industrial design and art/artefacts of the world. The smaller museum, housed in a newish building, is all Scottish history. With regard to the Scottish building, start in the lower levels and work your way up through Scotland's history. It's comprehensive and delightful. For the big museum, just wander. Seriously. Don't have an agenda. If you have small children, there are two excellent play areas designed for 1-5's. they have dress-up, archeology activities, drawers full of specimens, drawing, storybook corner, musical instruments, blocks, puppets and other cool stuff. There are daily events and guided tours so check with the greeter at the entrance for times and details. The cafe is good but expensive so I tend to hit The Elephant House (JK Rowling's old haunt) just around the corner in George IVth Bridge or even The PieMaker in South Bridge for a cheaper and tastier alternative. If you want to bring a packed lunch, you can eat it in a room in the basement for school and group visits or on the roof garden of the Scottish Museum, which affords stunning views of Edinburgh Castle,Arthur's Seat and the surrounding hills. One of the best budget days out in the world.
4	Always something different to see on each visit
4	Lots of interesting stuff to look at! I liked the focus on Scotland's early people and place (climate, landscape, etc). Also, there is a new exhibit on Mary Queen of Scots (pay admission, although the rest of the museum is free). It was excellent! I learned a lot about Scottish history, the artifacts were very interesting to look at, and the narrative was super educational. I would definitely go back.
4	Amazing place to visit and a credit to Edinburgh, even Scotland, whatever age you are, this place is worthy of several visits, one is simply not enough. The only negative is that some things have been made too complicated and don't work any more, this refers to the interactive pieces.
5	You probably need to spend whole of you're day in this museum to see every room and every piece of the objects! The museum is big, has many ways to walk in and out of the rooms, floors and building. I'am already amazed of the building structure because it is so great how they connect the old building and the new building through one building. The new building is an architecture piece of art which I like very much.Then the things you can see, hear, read and do: it is kids friendly so their are a lot of objects in the building were kids can be active and actually learn something as well. Even for adults it is fun to touch a big quarts or any other stone, to spent some time to order a robot to turn arround by pushing some buttons. To send a message in morse codes just because the computer made them for you.This things are just a view examples of what you can do.To see is there even more: different cultures and everything about their lives; mummies from the old Egypt's and even more of that time; old piece of money, flags, churches, gold, books of the history of Scotland. Old fighting plains; weapons from everywhere on the world; stones from this and outside of the planet; the race-cars from a Scottish Sir and from a Dutch man with the lastname: Verstappen.O and there are a lot of exotic (dead) animals to walk by/under/beside and just to see, very fascinating. It's a same I didn't even half of the objects in the building because I just had 2,5 hours to spend in the building, witch was way to short.
4	Popped in for lunch yesterday with some colleagues to the brasserie. Great service, friendly staff & good food. Reasonable prices too. Can recommend the Cullen Skink. It was hearty & filling. The have a good selection of cakes (though I was good and resisted) & decent coffee.
5	So many things to see... We definitely should have come earlier.Let's start by saying this place is beautiful. We sat in the atrium for a while since our friends were having words with each other... that's the nicest way I can say people are fighting.  We only had two hours to soak in the knowledge since we had to meet some people for drinks. I thought it would be busier since it was a bit rainy on a Sunday afternoon, but it wasn't at all. We sort of blitzed around the place. Since the arguers had been there before and no one else seemed to want to learn, I was rushed through the place like nobody's business. I saw some stones (precious and semi-precious)... I saw old instruments... I saw some record players.... I learned about Dolly, the cloned sheep... I put my face in a smelly mask to see how bugs view the world... I got to touch a simulator that I am sure many children before me touched to see how far my arrow would go... I saw Egyptian things... I saw some armor... And then I sat around drinking a coffee because that's what you do when the place is closing up and wants you to leave. Next time, I am coming back and staying a good day because I want to see everything... again... but at a slower pace this time.
5	Only popped in for an hour, since its FREE! Went to the sections about Scottish history and Kingdoms. We really enjoyed the layout of the building and the displays. We walked through an interactive kids science area that looks really fun! I would bring kids there for just that section if they needed a "break" from the history of Scotland.Great layout! huge museum could spend hours in there looking at everything!
5	It's free and It's big! It's beautiful and you should plan whole day and take the map! There are plenty activities to children and so much to discover! Don't hesitate to go there!
5	I love this museum! I queued for ages in London to see the National History Museum, but was so disappointed with how little there was to see in comparison to the size of the building and it was SO kid oriented! Anyways, rant aside, the National Museum is stunning! A fabulous space and amazing addition, it is filled with such a rich history of Scotland and so well organised and presented. I love the animal section and the vastly open Victorian, white entry hall. It has a huge array of things to see and is definitely somewhere that needs multiple trips. They also offer free guided tours throughout the day done by volunteers and it was so informative and interesting. We had a volunteer named John, who showed us his favorite objects through the museum. It was lovely to hear lots more about stuff you might normally shuffle past. The museum offers art, science, history, anthropology and much more to hold anyone's interest, I highly recommend spending a day or two here if you are visiting and much longer if you live here! What a gem!
5	I'd like to just take a moment to appreciate how the National Museum of Scotland doesn't charge a penny to access their vast collection and many of their exhibits. There are few places in the world that offer such a privilege, never mind in such a beautiful building too. Five stars to you, you wonderful, pretty thing.I came here for the Wildlife Photographer of the Year exhibition and it did not disappoint. Being a Saturday it was of course jammers, but not so much so that it made wandering around uncomfortable. I did find myself getting a bit lost so I recommend picking up one of the free maps but the staff are friendly and happy to help.I love everything about this place and really think that it is perfect for anyone, new to the city or native Scotsman. And, it's freeeeee.
4	What a lovely place to go! With free admission and more exhibits than you can shake a stick at, there are plenty of options and interests to enjoy. I did not visit the natural history or science sections, but focused on the history and world cultures sections. I thoroughly enjoyed reading about early modern Korea and feudal Japan (Since I know so little about both of them) and seeing different artefacts and textiles from different eras. Truly awesome. I also checked out the western European artefacts section that was directly adjacent to the antiquities artefacts. This is definitely a treat of Edinburgh and even on a Saturday afternoon wasn't packed - you could freely move about and enjoy the museum without feeling cramped like many museums I've been to in others cities.
5	It's FREE. Enough said.The museum is expansive so there's a lot to look at. Definitely a nice way to pass time on a rainy afternoon.Some exhibits charge a fee (when I went, it was the Mary, Queen of Scots exhibit) but it's often worth the price, considering everything else is FREEEEE.
4	Great museum with free admission, there are a lot of interesting stuff including animals, cultural artifacts, science exhibits, etc. Too bad I'm a grown adult so many exhibits did not interest me the way they might interest younger children. I really enjoyed the exhibit of Scottish history. There is even a guillotine inside.    Of course, the highlight of the museum is its top floor, you can see the whole Edinburgh from there and since Edinburgh is one of the most beautiful cities in the world, the view is no doubt stunning.
5	One of the best museums in the world. I have been coming here since I was 5 years old and loved it every time. From world cultures, fashion, art to technologies, developments and 3D printing. There is something for everyone, with loads of interesting exhibitions and activities. There are all sorts of games and interactive displays that are fun also for adults. I love how Scottish it is in its core. Also when you go all the way up to the roof top, you can experience a stunning view of Edinburgh.Staff are professional and the curators are obviously brilliant. Shops are very good, selling the iconic Lewis chessmen and other great gadgets. Canteen and caffes are really nice. Admission is FREE.
3	The Scottish National Museum has quite a few exhibits spanning all five floors. The museum leans more toward natural history and science, and it's a perfect place to take children.As an adult, you may find some interesting exhibits, but I was left a little underwhelmed. That being said, it is free!
5	Excellent
5	What a fab museum with a wide variety of  exhibits, defo make a visit to this awesome place.  The exhibits are so logically displayed.  This is one of the best museums I have been to.  Lots of hand on things to do which helps the kids to engage and have fun whilst learning.  There is NO entrance fee so please people make sure you leave a donation as this place is so interesting and the views from the terrace should not be missed.  I particularly liked the planet earth exhibition along with The Kingdom of Scots.  I am convinced you could visit this place many many times and still be in ore and surprised by the facts you would learn.    As reiterated by other Yelpers this place is a must see when in Edinburgh.  Xoxo
4	Don't get me wrong the museum is definitely nice and its a great price, free. However, I was generally left underwhelmed when visiting it. If you want to bring children along then I would definitely recommend visiting, it was one of the most child-friendly museums I have been to, but otherwise you could skip this if you are pressed for time.As a whole, the museum was not world-class they had a really good smattering of different subject areas, with natural history, anthropology, and Scottish history but each was not extensive enough for me to think that it was really amazing. If you do visit, I thought that a great highlight was a "Changing Nation" in the Scotland Galleries, really expansive of the modern issues facing the nation and very up to date, they had a panel on the Scottish Independence Referendum just months after it occurred, now that's cool!Hopefully, when the refurbished exhibition spaces reopen in 2016 the museum will be better, but overall its nice and free but not something you HAVE to do while in Edinburgh.
5	This was my second time exploring the National Museum of Scotland. My first was very brief at best, so I looked forward to the opportunity to return scope out one of the new exhibitions, Game Masters.And what a nerdy delight it was! It may cost 10 pounds to enter, but I think it was well spent. The combination of games plus educational material, such as time frame and information on the masterminds behind the games, I found quite nice. But really though: who could be bothered to read all the information when there were arcade games and SimCity to be played?! It's a limited jaunt though, only giving you tops three hours to spend in there (I guess this helps clear out any folks who set up camp). Still, we found three hours plenty and were on our way out before our time ran out.The rest of the museum is fantastic, as well. It has a lovely architecture to it which one can appreciate even if they care nothing for the exhibitions themselves, which are also great! And the cafe at the bottom level is nice as well, if you're flagging and need a quick coffee injection. Best of all... it's free! I definitely need to spend more time here, not just getting googly-eyed over Zelda and Sonic.
