5	Getting rid of  the pittsburgh mullet one yinzer at a time.Looking to do something trendy, edgy, or interesting with your hair then McN Salon is your choice in Pittsburgh.  I had been dreading finding a new sytlist in Pittsburgh since moving here, but the folks at McN were amazing.  Sara listened to my disjointed ramblings on what I wanted and then crafted an amazing haircut.
4	There is serious separation anxiety when you have to leave your stylist, with whom you have established a bond, and maybe even spilled serious personal information to. Having moved from the south, I had to leave a woman I loved and strike out into all new territory. It was the end of a 2 year relationship, and I wasn't prepared to see just any old body after that. Then I found Nicolette at MCN. She's amazing and chill and friendly and interesting and and AND she's great at her job. Also, the salon is beautiful and the stylists range in price, so if you are occasionally living from paycheck to paycheck (like me,) you can see Jenn or Kara and get a great cut without having to scrounge through your piggy bank for a little extra.However, if you don't like dogs, be aware that Josie, the bulldog, is frequently around and about.
5	I actually found McN through yelp - thanks to Jessica and Morten's reviews.  I would have never have stumbled across this excellent and friendly salon.  I have recieved three haircuts so far and everyone has been great. My stylist, Kara, is a funny and talented stylist.  We chatter the entire time. I get many compliments on my hair cuts.The decor is also nice - modern but not stand offish or snobby.  You are greated by a quiet little bull dog who is usually sleeping on someones unused chair.  Another big big BIG perk - they email reminders of your appointment to you. This has helped me out SO much, as I always forget my little cards with the info.Definitely a good find - thanks yelp!
5	I have to say when I moved to from Boston to Pittsburgh I was convinced it was not possible to find a good stylist, then somebody reccomended Sara.  She is still the best stylist I have ever had.  I could go in and tell her to do her thing, and every time I loved it.  The foils always looked natural and sophisticated, and she always steered me clear of hair disasters.  Sara was great to talk to, and is all around a great stylist.  I have also heard only good things from friends who have had other stylists at MCN.  I am so sad to have had to move again and leave MCN, but I highly, highly  reccomend it to anyone-it is worth every penny.
5	Got the scoop on MCN from yelp and away I went for an appointment...It turned out to be the highlight of my weekend--My cut turned out amazing and it was a phenomenal experience.  Wendy was awesome--Extremely talented, and made me feel at ease trying a new stylist and salon here in Pittsburgh after moving here from California.  Wendy & MCN--I will be back for many more visits!! :)
5	Having been a customer of the owner for many years, I anticipated the opening of his new salon in Shadyside. Jim and Lisa (owners) are two of the finest people I have ever met. They always have a smile on their faces and know how to treat their clients making them feel like they're home. Furthermore, Jim is the best stylist I have ever been exposed to and being a native New Yorker, I frequented some of the best salons in Manhattan. When we first met, nearly 15 years ago, he identified my problem spots and explained what would work best. I have followed him from Shadyside to the Strip District and back to Shadyside and never plan on going to anyone else. Yes, they charge more than the average shop but the service, ambiance and expertise makes it all worthwhile.
5	I live in NYC but used to live in Pgh, and used Yelp to pick MCN Salon for my wedding day.  The reviews were really helpful and spot-on.  This place is terrific.  Two of my bridesmaids, my mother-in-law to be, and I all went here the day of the wedding to have our hair done.  Additionally I had a consultation here about a month before wedding (which was also the same day as my bridal shower and bachelorette party).First of all, Kara is great.  She's very nice, but most of all she listens!!  She listened to exactly what I wanted and didn't try to push me in any one direction or the other.  She never made me feel like I was being too picky or too fussy when I asked her to tweak small things about my  hair once it was done.  She was very patient.  However, when I asked her for feedback she was honest which I appreciated. I couldn't decide where to put the flowers in my hair, so I asked her, and her recommendation worked great.  Bottom line - my hair looked perfect in my wedding photos!!!A couple other points of feedback to add:- the studio space itself is great.  Lots of windows which let lots of light in.- the bathrooms are very clean and really nice.- the women at the front desk are very friendly.- they offer you water, coffee etc when you arrive which I think is great- they let my make-up artist do my make up there.  ASK FOR HER - her name is SUSIE POPOVICH and she rocks!All in all - 2 thumbs up.
5	My stylist, Lacy, moved here from another salon, and I followed her.  She's great, and I wasn't about to give up on her just because she moved to a nicer salon that happens to be substantially cheaper than the old place.  For a review of Lacy, please see my review of L'Azur Salon.The salon itself is really nice - they have a fantastic view, and lots of nice touches.  You can have coffee or tea (and cookies), and they have a nice locker system so you don't have to lug your purse to and from the styling stations.  Everything seems really clean and open, and the clientele seem younger and hipper than some of the other salons I've been to.Add the bulldog that roams around, and you've got a super great experience.  They only do hair, and a tip for the new - take the elevator to get into the salon.  I like walking, and took the stairs, which actually does not lead into the salon.  They use Bumble and bumble products, but are not super pushy about it.  The receptionist could use a little bit of an attitude adjustment - I swear she sighed and rolled her eyes at me when I said I didn't want my receipt.
3	Adequate and could be best in the area, but definetely not in New York league. The space is the best thing about it- large, new and beautiful decor.  They have good products too like Bumble and Bumble but they also push the Kerastase on you, which I don't like. For the value, the prices are very high with mixed results.  Ask about how much experience people have because there are some people with little experience (less than one year). I think Nicolette is the best- has good experience and she did a great job.  Tried the owner Jim and hair came out brassy orange instead of blonde.  When came back to have it fixed, he handled it poorly with me. There is something to be desired for the customer service overall- have definetely had sub-par treatment at front desk and others.
5	I just moved to Pittsburgh and used Yelp to pick MCN Salon. The reviews nailed it. This place is great! Why? Let me count the reasons:My stylist is Kara and woo-ee is she fab. Not only did she give me a great cut (I had wayyyy long hair and wanted to get something lighter, without losing too much length--I'm getting married in months) but she is wicked bubbly and fun and great to chat with. At my first visit we talked about my hair, what issues I have, and she promised to research various solutions to provide me with awesome hair. She's very open about trying different things (e.g., perhaps a multivitamin--work from the inside out--to fix hair, rather than slathering on lots of product) and really seems to care about getting it right. Go to Kara!The rest of the staff are equally friendly and fun. The salon definitely has a hip, young vibe, without making my (somewhat) unhip self feel awkward. Great open space, very clean, no chemical stinks, lockers for your purse, coffee/tea/water, tons of magazines, and a phenomenal view of East Liberty. Just a chill place. Add a friendly bulldog and it can't be beat.All in all, I have to thank Yelp for absolutely pointing me in the right direction! If you're looking for a great salon with reasonable prices and friendly folks, MCN will be a perfect fit!PS. Definitely take the elevator--you actually have to. Stairs only go to the 2nd floor, and MCN is on the 3rd.
5	This place is amazing! The level of service you receive there is outstanding. Jim, the Master Stylist gave me the cutest bob ever!
4	I'm super critical of hair salons b/c I have challenging hair that virtually no salon has ever been able to completely master.  My hair is curly, and that in itself seems to be a huge obstacle for most stylists.  I came across MCN through Yelp and decided to give them a try b/c of their fantastic reviews.  I will attest that the hype is true!  You may wonder why then did I only give them 4 stars...well let me reiterate that I'm super critical of hair salons and I'll explain later the reason for the missing star.  Overall, this place is great because they really know what they're doing.  I explained what I was looking for and Heather did exactly what I wanted and was also helpful in suggesting a few tips to acheive the results I was looking for.  I like to keep my hair longer yet still have layers and it was like Heather could envision what I was seeing!  The atmosphere is trendy, the talent is top-notch, and the experience is delightful.  I only gave the place 4 stars b/c at the end when they were styling my hair, I felt like they didn't really know how to style curly hair.  My hair was half dry and they were trying to slather on some gel, which is completely not helpful as most curly hair girls know.  So I would say the "finishing" left something to be desired, but when I got home and styled it myself, it looked great.  But don't let this deter you b/c they got everything else right!
4	UPDATE:  Lost a star due to their witchy receptionist who could not be bothered to try and make an appointment for me this week.  Wow.  Great service from the stylists but if your receptionist won't try and get your customer in then there are other salons.  That's too bad because I really liked the place when I went.  Fortunately, Yelpers have other suggestions for salons in this city.Once again, the Yelpers come through!  Just moved to Pittsburgh 6 weeks ago and was in desperate need of a haircolor and cut.  Serached on Yelp and voila!  MCN.  I am beyond thrilled.I have never cried after a haircut (except for a horrible one) but I had such happy tears after this one!  First of all, the receptionist didn't "scold" me like so many other places do because I was 10 minutes late.  Then I was offered a drink (I had brought my own iced tea) and they provided me with ice and a glass.  Following Yelpers advice I had my color done by Heather and my cut by Kara.  To say the least I cannot remember the last time I looked so stinkin' cute!  They were nice, extremely professional, and just amazing.  Their techniques were of really listening to their client (which is something new and different from my other hair stylists/colorists!)  Heather mixed a color that looks perfect for my skin color and provided me with a magazine while I was waiting so I could pick out which cuts I liked.  Kara then came over while my color was working and looked at the pics I had picked.  She talked with me again before starting the cut and then she did her what I can only call MAGIC!I bought some products that were used and never felt a "hard sell" whatsoever.Thank you YELPERS!  Heather and Kara are AMAZING and MCN is now my salon of choice (I already booked my next appointments!).  I highly recommend these two and this salon.  As a "hint" though - park on the upper level of the parking structure and not near the Whole Foods.
4	The only reason I like this Salon is because I've finally found a stylist that cuts my hair okay, Kara. I used to go to one of those grandma salons that only old women go to and cuts your hair for cheap (I even got a discount for being a student).  However, since it closed down, I hadn't been able to get a decent haircut in Pittsburgh (I've had to wait to go back to California to cut my hair).  I've actually tried this salon prior to getting Kara and I left very unhappy (my hair looked like it hadn't been cut at all and I had to pay $50+ for it).  However, I decided to give MCN another try and get an appointment with Kara based on other Yelp reviews, and I was not disappointed.  She didn't require a lot of instructions regarding what I want and she cut my hair just the way I wanted it, even better.  I love her!
1	I got a good haircut here a few months ago, so this one-star review is not intended for the stylists.  It is a response to a strict no-returns policy on salon products, which makes me pretty mad: I couldn't have known they recommended the wrong product without trying it, and now that I tried it, they won't refund my purchase.  Catch-22.  I came in to buy a replacement for my normal bumble and bumble curl creme for thick hair, and was told by the receptionist that bumble and bumble's "defining creme for fine curls" is the new packaging of that product (which seemed weird to begin with...thick hair..fine curls...) Nope, it's totally different and it doesn't work for me.  I used it twice, figured that out, and now I'm stuck with an expensive product I can't use. I called bumble and bumble and they told me that the product I use has been discontinued.  All my previous salons in other cities would have honored a return in this situation.  I won't be back to MCN.
2	I, too, decided on MCN based on Yelp reviews after moving to Pittsburgh. Unfortunately, I did not have the great experience others did. I ended up getting probably the worst haircut I'd had in 10 years. It ended up a good 4 inches shorter than I discussed with the stylist. In addition, she took the fact that I work in a professional office to mean that I wanted an ugly, boring, mom-ish haircut. It's taken almost a year to grow back to the length it was before. I admittedly should have complained then and there, but I'm a wuss. Additionally, the experience at the salon left much to be desired. I went in the late morning on a weekday. There was a little girl there (around 3 or 4) with her nanny. Apparently her mom was a regular customer. The little girl was getting a haircut and she cried and screamed for 25 minutes. I know kids will be kids, and I don't blame the little girl for being scared or cranky. I do blame the salon for not finding a way for the girl not to disrupt the entire salon - taking her to a back room, taking her outside to calm down, not allowing children in an adult, supposedly high-end salon, etc. Something that was supposed to be a treat for me turned into a headache.I will not be back here, but it seems like others had great experiences.
3	I dressed up as Betty Draper for Halloween, and needed a professional Betty 'do.  Hey, Betty demands satisfaction!  I was able to make an appointment online, which is a big plus for me.  The stylist did a great job of giving me pin curls and incorporating the hair accessories I wanted to use.  I went back a few months later for a haircut with a different stylist.  The hair cut was fine, but I haven't been back since then.  Why?  It's kinda pricey, and I feel like there's a better hair home for me.  Still lookin' Pittsburgh!
5	This is the first place in Pittsburgh that has gotten my hair right. They were courteous, up front about their pricing structure, the location extremely convenient. The elevator up is a little sketchy, but the inside the salon is lovely. I am scheduling my second appointment right now!
5	MCN has an announcement that Elizabeth is one of the new junior stylists, well you would never know it. She is an excellent stylist - confident, pretty, extremely understanding and willing to listen to her clients. I don't know much about hair and have never really taken care of mine, and I came in with just a vague idea of a style, and she brought books and magazines over to discuss in detail what I wanted. I was really greatful for her help and advice. And it resulted in an awesome haircut that I get tons of compliments on! I just left my second cut and am scheduled to see her again in 4 weeks. As far as the salon itself, as everyone has said on here, it's a beautiful, welcoming place. Josie the bulldog has got to be my favorite part. They are always really friendly and smiling and the atmosphere is really relaxing, I almost passed out in the chair today!
5	Very, very pleased with the service I get at MCN. I've been a customer for several years. Sara K does my hair and she's so good. She puts up with my craziness (we did purple for awhile) but also is fine when I go back to just my brunette self. I love the stylists, they're very friendly, and I find the price to be comparable with other high-end salons. The atmosphere is trendy and hip and the salon is always clean. The owner is super-friendly and is usually working. Highly recommended!Thank you!
5	If you are looking for a great stylist that really knows how to cut mens hair, then make sure to ask for Brent. Plus, he's a master colorist. Several of my friends have gotten their hair colored by him. They looked like a million bucks afterward.He's awesome! So engaging and friendly.The salon is beautiful and convenient with Whole Foods being next door. The only challenge is if you are new to the salon. It's on the top floor above Starbucks and can be a little hard to find. You will need to take the elevator to get there. But once you are in the space, the views are spectacular!
5	1st time here. Got my hair did tonight! I'm an oxymoron I work in cosmetics, do professional makeup and skincare, have access to all the wonderful anti aging lasers, injectibles, botox, fat melting machines, but then I hate wearing makeup, getting procedures done, and let my hair grow out without a visit to the salon that is long overdo. I'm still that little tomboy climbing trees, I guess. Low maintenance by weekday, then I bust out the fabulous by night. The point being that I had let my hair go for quite awhile and the groupon just came out yesterday after I had made my much needed appointment! Already scheduled, groupon the day before my appointment, and I got a great haircut! Triple score! Plus they have pets hanging out! Quadruple SCORE! Places where you can bring a pet to work are super cool, I like the laid back implication for the business. Heather was my stylist and we hit it off amazingly, I gave her advice about skin treatments that would be right for her and she explained what kind of cut would be best for me. I asked about extensions because I have been curious to try them but she said the clip on ones would be better for my hair type. I appreciate that she gave me the truth straight up. I don't want my hair getting damaged after the things I have done to it! She gave me a modern chick look that I love, I can have a soft wavy romantic look, or I can straighten it and pull out the chunkiness for an edgier look. Thanks Heather, it's so easy and manageable. Prices seem pretty standard for this type of place around $45-55 per haircut. Can't wait to see what we do next!
2	The salon is nice, and the people were great, but I was not impressed. The haircut was mediocre, but the highlights were much worse. They didn't even cover up all of my roots! I don't know much about hair, but the place I went before I moved always made great suggestions and chose highlights that were perfectly suited for my skin color and for the season. MCN failed to do this in a big way.
5	I've had a great experience with Heather over at MCN. She translates my poorly articulated preferences into something that looks great and is super-low maintenance. As someone who only got their hair cut by the same stylist in New York for years, I can tell you that it was such a relief to find someone who surpassed my expectations in Pittsburgh. And is funny to boot.The salon itself if reasonably priced; about $35 for a men's haircut. It's very modern, has a very friendly staff, and sells good products.
5	Being new to the city, I went into panic about finding a new hair stylist. SF and Boston have plenty of reviews to choose from but Pittsburgh didn't have many, let alone stellar reviews on salons. At the time I colored my hair so I didn't want to let just anyone put foils and scissors near my head. Finding a new hairstylist is like a game of russian roulette to me. I can either be safe or be really screwed for a few weeks.MCN was really the only salon ranked high in a search in my neighborhood so I gambled and scheduled an appointment with Sara. The salon is located near a Whole Foods, Starbucks, Walgreens and what use to be a Borders. It is clean, spacious and open with nice views overlooking the city.Sara did a great job and continues to do so (I'm loyal like that). She consults me first and doesn't deviate from what we agree upon. Her demeanor is professional and friendly. While I was waiting for my color to process, MCN has some outlets for you to plug in your computer to pass the time.Reasonably priced and another nice thing is that MCN occasionally will give free goodies as a thank you or for the holidays. While certainly the do is most important, the little things count as well. I will say though that they do seem a little pushy with product and the product may not even be the best one for your hair. I know salons can make a great profit off of product from the show Tabitha's Salon but this can ruin your experience at MCN after an awesome haircut/color treatment.
5	First haircut in pittsburgh, and absolutely one of my favorite cut!  I had heather, one of the senior stylist, and completely adored her. She was very personable and had constructive advice on my hairstyle.  She definitely was able to come up with the perfect style to frame my face just by listening to what I wanted.  A picture wasn't even necessary. Definitely would recommend her.  Also the salon is beautiful with a gorgeous view.  Staff was super friendly.
5	Love them, love them, love them!  I went to Nicolette earlier this week after reading some of the reviews on her for curly hair - spot on!  She knows what she's doing with them curls.  While I've enjoyed the other stylists that I've had at MCN, I think moving forward, I'll be sticking with Nicolette.  Definitely worth the $$$ b/c you know you'll like the results.
5	great atmosphere  relaxing experience and I finally got my me time. First time I got my hair high lighted and did not come out with "zebra stripe" these people know what they are doing. the receptionist could stand to be nicer for sure but over all fantastic!!!!!!
5	I just moved to Pittsburgh and checked out MCN based on some Yelp reviews and its convenient location to my apt. I had a GREAT experience. The stylist I had, Brent, was incredibly attentive to my hairstyling needs/wants and really easy to spend an hour with. Looking forward to my next appointment at MCN with Brent!
5	This is an update to my earlier glowing review of MCN Salon and Kara, in particular. When I started going to MCN (about a year ago), I wasn't coloring my hair--I was trying to wean myself off of a serious highlight addiction. So my earlier review focused on Kara's fabulous cuts, awesome personality, and the cool vibe going on at MCN.Wel...I fell prey to my addiction and have been coloring my hair again. Since Kara's been awesome all along, I'm sticking with her. So far I've had her color my hair about 5 times, and she is as fantastic as I could wish! My big issue with coloring is that I'm super horrible about getting my color done, thus I end up with horrific roots. Kara and I discussed my irregular coloring, and she came up with some highlights and lowlights that blend together really nicely and give me plenty of time (i.e., 10 weeks!) between colorings without looking bad. I'm pretty flexible when it comes to hair colors (try it, why not? it always grows back!), so we've done a bunch of different things: highlights, lowlights, single-process, highlights with pull-through...and every time it looks excellent! Bottom line: MCN is a great salon in the Burgh, not just for cuts and atmosphere, but hair coloring too!! (Ask for Kara!)
5	I went to M.C.N salon because I had seen positive reviews on Yelp. I have to say the reviews were right. It was one of the best salon experiences I've ever had. The salon itself is beautiful and very inviting. The receptionist was so warm and genuinely friendly. I recently changed stylists for something new which I was wary of  doing.  I decided to try one of their junior stylists, Elizabeth. Everyone should go to see her! She gives a great first impression which is reassuring because nothing makes me more nervous than a stylist who is not put together or whose haircut and/or color is whack.  I came in a hot mess and I left feeling and looking a 100% better. My hair is really thick and was driving me crazy in the heat. She did a great job thinning it out and giving me layers without sacrificing length. My head literally felt lighter. Plus, the blow out she gave me was so glamorous. I've never seen my hair look like that before! She was really patient and explained the products and how she was styling my hair. I would recommend her to anyone. She's really professional and great at her job!
2	So...I was sold on MCN Salon about a year ago, and found it through Yelp reviews.  I really was sold at one point.  It's clean.  It's up-scale.  It's hip.  It's pretty.But after my last haircut, I'm going to suck it up, and make the 45 minute drive back to my old stylist in Peters Township.Basically - I just feel like they're trying to up-sell you the entire time on products and more services.  For example, if I wanted my eyebrows colored, I probably would have added that to my appointment.Their stylists are GREAT, don't get me wrong, but I just don't feel like I'm being pampered or focused on when I'm there.  The last time, my stylist was working on 3 different people while I was getting a cut and color.  Therefore, that left junior stylists to wash and dry my hair.  The time before that, the stylist was working on 2 different people.  I have no problem with that - I just don't know who to tip at the end because I feel like my main stylist, actually did very little in the long run.  Plus - I told my stylist on our very first visit - "I don't want to think about my hair.  YOU are the STYLIST!  YOU are the DESIGNER!  Every time I come in here, I will want a different hair cut, but I want YOU to do it.  You will NEVER hear me say, 'just trim it up and do like we did last time'.  So please, I trust you to just make me look HOT."Well - the whole past year that I have gone there, I have sadly just been given the same haircut all 4 times.  I HATE THAT!  I'm not a hair stylist.  I know most people are stuck in their old ways and never like to change their hair; however, I am not.  I LOVE getting new hair cuts.  I love going from long to short...or from short to growing it out.  I like change - especially with the seasons!  Give me some edge!  Make me look sexy!   (I never feel this way leaving this salon).Plus, every time I have gone for a cut and color, I feel like it has gotten more expensive every single time.  I don't know what I'm being charged for...but my first session was a little under $120.  This past time it was up to $175 and like I said, I only go for a cut and color.  So I don't understand why my appointment is $55 more than it was 6 weeks before (and 6 weeks before I actually bought PRODUCT!).After 4 sessions, I can now say that I'll CANT WAIT to be going back to Stephan Szabo's in Peters!  That's worth the drive, the price, the experience, and the feeling of newness and pretty confidence!
4	I followed my hairdresser, Ashley, to several different salons.  Her current home, MCN Salon, is a conveniently located salon near Whole Foods in East Liberty.  The salon itself is very stylish and hip, but it's welcoming enough that my husband feels comfortable going there himself.  I love it because they offer you tea while you wait.  They also have an adorable bulldog that permanently chill hanging out around the place.  The salon is on the second floor and has nice views out the huge windows.None of that would matter if the service wasn't spectacular.  I can only review Ashley for hair and Leslee for make up.  Ashley has also listened to my rambling concerns about my hair, and has somehow understood them when I'm certain that I don't totally understand them myself.  When I'm getting antsy and just want something different, she knows when to take control and do something new.  She is extremely friendly and easy to talk to...or not talk if you aren't feeling up to it one day.  She builds a relationship with her clients and gets to know them so that she can offer suggestions that are actually useful.  I can't recommend her enough, for cuts, color, and for special event hair (she did my hair for my wedding and did a fabulous job).Leslee did my makeup for my wedding and also did a great job.  We had a consultation before the big day and she was adamant that we work on it until I got exactly what I wanted.  She is a master at making eyes look striking.  Everyone loved the way my makeup looked.  She's also very friendly and will try anything you want!I did not give MCN Salon 5 stars for three reasons.  1.  It's expensive.  It's not a lot more expensive than other well known salons in Pittsburgh, but it's the most expensive salon I've been too.  To be honest, if I hadn't followed Ashley to MCN I would probably not go there because of the prices.  I know she's worth it, though, so I'm willing to pay for great work.  2.  Several times people have tried to up sell me product or treatments during my haircut/color.  I would appreciate if they give me these choices before the haircolor/cut begins and not spring them on me mid-appt.  The last thing I want to do when I'm there is spend more money.  3.  One receptionist is not very pleasant to deal with.  She is often too busy to help you, doesn't listen to the stylists about scheduling appts, and is rude on the phone.  It's a shame that such a nice place is held back by front desk service issues.
4	Excellent Salon.  I went to Kara for curly hair as Nicolette was not available (this was my first visit:  I recently moved to PGH and used these Yelp reviews to help me pick).  She was perfect:  friendly, professional, and gave me the exact cut and color that I asked for.  It was just as I'd imagined it, only better because it was on my head!  And she KNOWS curly hair -- how to cut it, manage it, style it.  It is rare for me to feel so confident in a stylist. Absolutely worth it.  No complaints at all. Thank you Yelp!
5	I read some great reviews about this place so I went in with moderate to high expectations.  Let me tell you, this place exceeded my every expectation!! The staff is friendly, extremely accommodating, interactive, and they listened to what I wanted with my hair (to the tee)!  I've seen reviews that the stylists really push the sales of products and services.  Totally not true!  I felt no pressure to buy anything extra at all.  They educate their clients on how products work as well as the benefits and I walked out feeling much more educated and understanding how to achieve the style and health of my hair that i've always wanted. Love these guys!! Jim gave me the best cut and style that i've ever had. Loved him, his staff, the ambiance, and attention to detail.  I felt like he really cared about me and took the time to listen.  Totally worth every penny.  I'm the type to go from salon to salon but I'm definitely going back here.  They use quality products and give quality salon services.  I highly recommend this place to the individual who appreciates quality, isn't a cheapo, wants to build a solid relationship with a stylist, and enjoys the experience.
5	I couldn't have asked for a better experience. I was at first reluctant to go here, because I'm not one to regularly drop big bucks on hair cuts, but after today's visit I think I'm hooked. They took my coat when I arrived and offered me coffee/tea. They made me take a goddamn survey about my hair experiences and career which turned out to just be good fodder for me and my hairdresser to work with. Brent was his name and he was great! I chit chatted my way through as he pampered me. (My only complaint is how much they pressed products on me, but hey it's a business)I left looking fabulous if I do say so myself and not regretting a single cent spent. Oh and I might have booked an appointment in 8 weeks. I figure it costs less than an eighth and keeps me just as happy :)
2	I booked a hair apt here after reading some of the reviews on Yelp, hoping I'd find a place to get my hair cut after moving to Pittsburgh from NJ. Maybe it was just the hairdresser I booked an appointment with, but I did not have a great experience. I'm a nurse who works mostly day shifts, and I value sleep over styling my hair in the morning. I tried to articulate that I wanted a hair cut that required minimal styling on my part. The hairdresser immediately shot me down, asking me how I expected to have my hair look nice if I wasn't willing to put work into it. She then berated me for not using styling products-- again, I'd rather sleep. Now, maybe a few people feel differently about their hair, but all I wanted was a cut that allowed for minimal styling on my part. I wasn't asking for some trendy 'do that needed 3 different products, a round brush, and a flat iron in order to re-create it. I ended up getting almost the same exact cut I had going in there (just an inch shorter). Oh, and she also told me the cut I had coming in wasn't entirely flattering because of it's blunt ends--- funny, I ended up with the same thing. This experience has definitely made me decide never to go back, for $50 I expect a little bit better service and a little bit nicer treatment. Oh, and somewhere that isn't constantly pushing products.
5	so i went here to be a hair model for a coloring class and was so impressed! my stylist, margeaux, was friendly, knowledgable, and talented. once i was seated in the chair, she offered me water and as i was getting my hair colored, another stylist offered me a brownie (who can turn that down?!). we talked about what color i wanted to go and the process began. margeaux was quick and efficient and the hair washing (always my favorite part) felt amazing! she blow dried my hair and i finally got to see the finished product which i was very happy with.i'll definately be back, and requesting margeaux, although i got to see the other models' finished hair as well, and i'm pretty sure every stylist there was super talented.
5	For something as important as a good haircut, its hard to know how to find a good salon.  Well this is not only a good salon, it's great!  You will pay for what you get, so don't expect low prices like those that you might find in the burbs.  Kerastase and Bumble products make my hair very "Pantene-esque".  Sara is creative, amazing with color, and really creates a cut that fits your lifestyle and your personality.  Very friendly front desk staff, clean facility...there's really nothing bad to say!  I'd recommend it and give it 6 stars if I could :)
4	Brent is good.  Like reviewers prior, it isn't cheap.  And you will get upsold.  But that's part of the deal, I think, when you go to a salon like this.  Best thing about salon is the location on the third floor.  Color was done well, cut was ok.  Probably won't go back because I have found cheaper salons that do a better job since going to MCN.
4	MCN was a godsend for me my first year in Pittsburgh. Not knowing anything about Pittsburgh salons, I went on Yelp and found MCN. Also on the recommendation of Yelp, I scheduled an appointment with Lacie, a youngish Pittsburgh transplant who does great highlights. Besides being talented at color,  Lacie listens to what you want and is also willing to tell you her own opinion if you ask.  She has good instincts, and I've never left MCN without being over the moon about my hair. If Lacie recommends a color option, I go with it knowing that it's going to look good. For highlights, a haircut, + tip it's about $200, so it's not cheap. The relatively high cost is the one bummer about MCN. But if you can spend $200 on color and highlights call MCN and book an appt with Lacie. You won't be disappointed!
5	Having just moved to the Pittsburgh area, I was terrified of getting my hair done by a brand new stylist. However, due to recommendations by friends, I took a chance, and the results were perfect! I have a bit of a difficult hairstyle, but Leslie pulled it off effortlessly. I very highly recommend this place.
4	Newly relocated to Pittsburgh's east end from Miami, I wasn't sure where to turn for my hair.   I was nervous about finding talent, especially since my last few hair appointments in a new city had been less than stellar experiences. I was worried I would never find another stylist on par with the super star I had in Miami.  I couldn't let worry prolong the inevitable, however, with grey starting to peek out and ends beginning to split,  so  I did what anyone would do by asking around, reading reviews online and praying.   Upon leaving MCN Salon with my hair cut and colored to perfection, I can tell you my prayers were answered.  After reading other positive reviews about Sarah here on Yelp, I decided to book with her.   Although, I have a long, classic hair, I watched her work on a variety of other clients while my color was processing.   Her vision and talent seemed limitless as I watched her style a young child to a very punk rock female and an older more traditional man. It was very cool to watch her use her talent to shape each individual's cut to their preferred style and preference, which is what we all hope for in the chair but don't always get.   And, she does all of this for a phenomenal price.    I had full color, hair cut and blow out for $130 and was blown away.  I don't remember the last time I left a salon with the complete package for less than $200.From the check-in to consultation to payment and yes, rebooking I had an exceptional experience.  If you are looking for a salon and stylist in Pittsburgh, look no further than MCN Salon and Sarah!
5	My stylist (Abbey) definitely knows how to do my hair exactly in the manner that I want. Everyone at MCN are really nice and friendly. It may be a bit pricey, but for a good haircut wouldn't you pay a good price too?
5	I have finally found a salon and a stylist I can commit to!!!!!!!!!!  I am so happy!I had been wanting to try MCN for quite some time, and I pass the salon almost every day so on a whim I finally just called and made a same day appointment for a womens cut.  I said I did not have a preference as to which "level" my stylist was, and they were able to fit me in with Margeaux.If you can, book an appointment with her!  She should be Marg-WHOA--bc my hair looked FANTASTIC after we were done!  And trust me, my hair never looks fantastic.  I was greeted warmly when I arrived and offered a beverage.  There was an adorable bull dog in the salon, and the dog ALSO  greeted me.  I loved it!  So cute and wrinkly...Margeaux was warm and friendly and I felt comfortable talking to her about how i wanted my hair to look.  I believe I told her, "I want my hair to look not like this," (pointing at my current hair).  My hair was limp and I'd dyed it black for the past 3 years.  I needed a change.  I was kind of shocked when Margeaux told me she could get the black dye out of my hair bc stylists have told me that before, and it was a disaster every time.  There is a huge difference between what you get in a low end salon and a high end salon.  Margeaux explained the process to me, the science behind why it would work, brought me magazines, and spent the next hour or so foiling my hair.Its always kind of awkward when you meet someone for time and have to have small talk---I really enjoyed having Margeaux work on my hair.  I just LIKED her, she was easy to talk to and it wasnt that awkward, "What do you do?  Where do you live?" conversation you typically have with a hairdresser for the first time.  We just had a normal conversation and as I  said before, I had a really good time.All of the stylists there were extremely nice.  Kara came over and asked me how I was doing a few times, and several stylists stopped over to check on my transformation throughout the process.  Everyone was so nice I'd feel comfortable in any of their chairs.My quick haircut ended up being a 4 hour appointment.  It takes a lot of time to get a lot of black dye out of your hair.SHE SERIOUSLY GOT THE DYE OUT OF MY HAIR.  Seriously...whoa!I have a new hair color, and she gave me a fantastic cut.  I cannot more highly recommend her.  I loved my hair and I have never left a salon loving my ahir before, I always leave thinking, "It will look cute when it grows out a little bit and I style it myself."We are talking hair miracle.I cut 5 inches off my hair and left without scissor shock.  Ok, maybe a little, I had a major transformation, but I love it.I had mentioned I want hair i dont have to style every day and Margeaux said she could do that.  She wasn't kidding.  Even my freaking BED HEAD looks adorable.BED HEAD.  yeah.  worth the price at any cost.This is not the cheapest salon but if you need a major change like I did, it is worth it to spend the money.  My cut and extreme color work came to $240 but I dont think this is typical, you have to keep in mind I came in with jet black hair that had ot be stripped, toned, corrected, and now I've got medium auburn hair.  So it probably costs a bit less if you're not having a complete hair color over haul.I highly recommend this place and cannot more strongly recommend Margeaux!
5	I have been going to MCN for several years now and I love my stylist Brent. He is a fabulous colorist and I've always been pleased with the color that he has mixed up. It always looks good with my skin tone and he's quick to advise if I suggest a direction that may not make me look my best. I've recommended some of my friends to him who have had bad color jobs and he's been able to fix their disasters.I tend to be someone who is open to letting my stylist do 'whatever they think works best' because let's face it, they are the expert. Even though I've been seeing him for years, he still always asks how I have been styling my hair and so forth to get me the right cut that works for me at that time. For example, in the summer, I love to let my hair air dry. He makes sure that during that season, the cut is going to work for how I'm planning to style my hair. His recommendations on products to achieve certain looks are spot on as well. I can replicate what he tells me to do at home and that's important to me.He's friendly, professional and he makes the appointment a lot of fun. Somehow the time flies even when you are sitting there for an hour and a half.  I highly recommend booking an appointment with him, you won't be disappointed!
3	I recentely moved to Pittsburgh from a place where there are many options for getting a fantastic haircut and found MCN salon via yelp. I will try to be objective about my experience at the salon: -I am satisfied with my cut. My stylist Lacey addressed all of my concerns. -The space is very nice, spacious, with great natural light - very comfortable. -Staff is nice and polite. -Head massage was great.However: -The way they push products is really over the top and annoying. I said I am not interested, but my stylist wouldn't stop. Moreover, apart from discussing how to cut my hair, all she discussed with me was how I really need to use this and that product. -She left me to go sell the product to someone else for good 10 minutes in the middle of cutting my hair. It gave me an impression that she cares more about selling products than anything else. I overall liked the salon, and I saw haircuts they gave to some friends of mine, and they do a good job. But for me personally getting a haircut wasn't a relaxing experience, and I didn't get to know my stylist, and thus it is unlikely I will come back. I might give MCN a second chance, with a different stylist.
4	The staff at MCN were extremely courteous and friendly. I'm a man with somewhat long hair, and I typically have a hard time communicating what I want out of a haircut. Due (in part) to some communication issues, I got a haircut that I was very unhappy with. After a couple of days I called the salon and spoke to Jim (one of the proprietors) who made it very clear that his intention and desire was simply to do whatever he could to "make it right". He fit me in on the same day and fixed up the cut expertly free of charge.I appreciated MCN's commitment to value. It's very clear that they care about their product (the haircut), and are willing to go above and beyond to deliver.I deducted 1 star because the first haircut I received was objectively not good.
5	You've got to book with Liz!If you have curly hair (or even not) she is the best in the burgh.  Nails it every time.  Love her personality and attention to detail.  I really feel like she listens to what I want but will tell me what she thinks, in a kind way. She's energetic, attentive, and just really knows hair.  Have been back multiple times and each time I leave happy: cut, color, and all.  Probably the first time i've actually stuck with a stylist.  Thanks Liz!
5	I have been going to MCN salon for over 3 years now.  Since moving to the east end in 2008, I went to many salons and barbers trying to find a stylist that listened and responded with great technique.  Kara Hudson is that person.  She has been at MCN for quite some time.  Not only is she friendly, but she stays on task and always listens to new styles that I want to try.  I consider our monthly (or 6 week) visits a highlight.  Recently, as I am involved with philanthropic efforts in Pittsburgh, Kara donated services and product for an event I was promoting.  Now someone (a winner from the event I hosted) has the opportunity to experience Kara.  Win/Win all around.  Thanks Kara and the staff (front end, shampoo gals, owners) for always making me feel like family each time I come.  I will actually be there tonight!  #countingDOWN
5	I've been going to MCN salon for a few years now, and I have to say that it is truly the most fabulous salon in Pittsburgh!  The decor is gorgeous and gives off a spa like tranquility with a hip vibe.  The level of service is high from beginning to end.  My stylist is Margeaux, and if you're looking for gorgeous hair - go to her!!! She really takes her time to listen to what you're asking for and makes sure that your hair is styled to perfection before you leave.  I recently decided to cut off my long hair to donate to Locks of Love.  While I'm used to having long hair, she gave me a really cute cut and showed me how to style it at home (though I'm nowhere near as good at doing it as she is).  If you're looking for a great salon experience and amazing hair, go see Margeaux at MCN Salon.
3	I had an ok experience at MCN Studio.  I just moved to PIttsburgh from NYC and I relied on yelp to choose my hair salon.  I called MCN and asked to be seen by a senior stylist and the receptionist recommended Ashley.  I booked her for a cut and full highlight.  When I got there, I was pleased with the look of the salon.  It's trendy, clean, and has a good vibe.  I met Ashley and she was pleasant enough, although she seems a bit young to be a senior stylist.  But who am I to know what the credentials are to be considered "senior"?  She did a good job on the color and didn't do a terrible job on the cut, but I just wasn't wow'd.  She talked the entire time, which I don't typically mind and she's easy to talk to, but too much of the conversation was geared toward selling me product.  My hair is straight and thin and I had previously gotten a stacked bob (which I hate and I'm trying to grow out).  She did her best to make it better, but it's still too stacked for my liking and is a bit uneven (found this out a week later when a different stylist was doing my hair for a wedding and fixed it).The prices were a bit high for this area.  My haircut and highlight (she didn't do a full highlight, just partial which wasn't what I booked, but I didn't say anything so I'm somewhat to blame) came to $175.Also, there was a lot of pressure to come back in 6 weeks.  I can't afford to get my hair cut and highlighted every 6 weeks and don't know anyone who goes that often.Bottom line- my experience wasn't horrible and wasn't great. I will go back to give the salon a second chance, but will be trying out a different stylist.
1	Today, I definitely didn't have a great experience at MCN. I got my haircut couple months ago from there and I liked it, so I decided to go again for coloring today.I wasn't happy about it at all -cuz I can still see the line btw my root and the bottom. PLUS, they charged me 25 bucks more for the blow-dry without telling me. I wish I didnt go there for the color..
4	I loved my experience at MCN! I had Lacy & Miranda. They were so bubbly and fun, they made the experience a lot more enjoyable than just simply sitting in a chair and watching quietly while your hair stylist does your hair. The two of them did exactly what I wanted. I went from very dark, to blonde! & It turned out amazing. I think my request could've very easily been botched but they did a fabulous job and care a lot for the health of my hair which was nice. All the bleach could've really done a number on my hair! I would recommend this place to anyone!
5	Just tried MCN salon for the first time this week and had an amazing experience there. the stylist (Jesse) sat me down and assessed my hair, and told me her honest opinion about what she thought it needed and the best kind of cut for me. It was perfect! I'm so happy someone finally took the time to actually give my hair a good look and tell me what it needed. I will definitely be going back!
5	This is actually my second time at MCN, but I had stellar experiences both times. My first cut was with Sara and my second with Heather. I'm pretty particular about the way my hair is cut because I've had the same style for years now and know how I want it cut so that it grows out well. What's great about MCN is that the stylists make sure to talk to you in depth about your cut before picking up the scissors, and are great about pausing at certain points in the cut to make sure that you're happy with the way it's going. I really appreciate that, and have had great experiences with both stylists. At this point, I'm really confident in going to MCN and getting a great cut, and will definitely go back.
5	This salon is easily the best salon that I have been to. I was seen by Lacy, and I am thrilled with the way my color looks! I brought in a picture, and after talking with me for a bit, she understood exactly what I wanted and gave me a beautiful brunette balayage. Already scheduled my next appointment and have recommended her to all of my friends!
4	I'm in search for the best stylist when it comes to curly hair. Here's is where I met the charming Kara last week, with whom I had a great consultation. I explained that I needed a haircut that was intended for curly hair, with layers and not so symmetrical. I wanted a cut while the hair was dry but I let her do what was best for her, knowing that most stylist don't work this way. So she cut my hair wet, dried it and finished while it was dry. I got a cut that's a bit too short (that's the problem with cutting curly hair while wet - it "shrinks" once it dries) but I really like it!The hair salon is very trendy. It was busy at the time I showed, one weekday afternoon. Two bulldogs came in after being walked and hang out at the back of the salon. I'm assuming they're the owner's dogs. Hairdryers hung on of the mirrored walls. Very nice staff, specially at the reception area where they had beverages and pastries.
4	I really enjoyed the amazing environment at MCN.  Cookies and water with fruit infusion at the entrance - and a kind, sweet receptionist to introduce me to the place set the perfect tone.  The receptionist is new so it sounds like the owners are actually listening to the complaints regarding the previous staff in this area.My appt with Lacey was great.  I talked with her about color options and products to make my curly hair tame and straight.  She gave great suggestions and my blow out was definitely runway pretty.  A few things though - price is definitely even more steep than Capristo.  Unfortunately, though my hair looked amazing, it definitely took her a lot longer to blow me out and I have grown accustomed to Kim's speedy blowouts at Capristo.In conclusion, the ambiance is WAY better at mcn and I am def considering returning if I still can't achieve the ombre color I want with Kim.  The place is so darn cute that I will probably still pop in every now and then for a blow out.
4	Defective tipping policy. By disallowing credit or debit card tip ( accepting cash only tips), I'm sure the stylists are getting less tip than they would otherwise.  They are totally at the mercy of their customer's current wallet contents,  especially since it is anonymous by virtue of customer placing in unmarked envelope which gets placed in their file. Come on. Seriously? The place seems modern except for that.Other than the tipping policy, it's a first-class salon.  I've been coming here for a couple several months now for color, cut, and styling.  Note that you don't have to get the top level of stylist to get a great do.  Margeaux is my stylist and she definitely knows what she is doing.  I get consistently good haircuts and color time after time.  Pricey?  Somewhat.  Worth it?  Yup.
3	Let me first start off that I had a good and bad experience here. I'm from out of town so I got lost going to my appt and called saying I would be 15 min late which they said was fine. When I got to my appt (scheduled for a blowout) Margo asked what style I wanted and I said volume and big curls. She said she couldn't do big curls because it would take too long and she only had 30 min. Because I had arrived late my service was cut short. I was FURIOUS. She went to go check if someone else could do it. So the receptionist came over and said that most clients arrive on time and that Margo could do what she could and I would have to do the rest at home. I went bananas On her because for being such a nice salon they certainly didn't have the customer service to go along with it. And isn't the customer always right?? There was absolutely no type of accommodation from Margo or the receptionist. My husband got his haircut there also ( and my sister in Law got a blowout, so 3 appts were booked) and the got the owner involved, Jim. He was so nice and very accommodating. And I truly appreciated his effort. I don't understand why Margo didn't call him initially? Because the receptionist wasn't management? He told Margo to finish my hair and he could do the rest and he used a curling iron for my entire head! Overall I appreciated Jim turning it around but Margo lacked customer service and the skinny blonde receptionist had an awful attitude. They might need to look at their staffs qualifications...
4	I have finally found my forever salon!! I love this place! Great service, educated stylists regardless of what level they are.  The owner is so nice and is truly concerned with each client in the salon.  I would recommend this place over any other salon in the area!  Margeaux my stylist was great, she took the time to get to know me, found out what I like and provided great insight.  I love the color and cut!! It maybe a bit pricey, but very worth it, if you are a fan of amazing service and work!
5	Go here! Is it pricey for Pittsburgh? If we're comparing to "Great Clips" or the local Barbershop, then definitely. Why?  Because things worth having usually aren't cheap.  I found out today that a haircut at MCM is worth every cent.To begin, I found out a few days ago that I will be interviewing for a new job tomorrow.  I immediately started calling around trying to book a last minute appointment.  I called Pageboy, and was told that they are all booked for the next few days.  No "We can call you if someone cancels" or anything remotely helpful.  Ok, whatever.  Then, I waited for Luxx to be open today, only to go down during business hours and find their boutique/salon closed.  Ugh.  Frustration set in.  So, I logged into Yelp and started reading salon reviews.  MCN has some great reviews.  I realized that I'd seen MCN while at Wholefoods,  and was always intrigued by the trendy-looking 3rd floor location.  I called and was immediately given two appointment options for today... so off I went.Upon entering I was greeted by the receptionist who offered me a variety of beverages.   Right off the bat I began talking to a man, Jim, who I found out is the owner. He was so genuine, and we had a nice chitchat.  Then, off to get my hair done by Margeaux.  Super friendly girl with hair I kind of wanted to rip out and put on my own head (but not really b/c that would be psycho scary). She gave me a killer scalp massage that temporarily made me catatonic.  Then off to the chair.  We quickly talked about what I wanted.  I'm pretty laid back, told her about my interview, and said "just use your judgement".  I have thin, curly hair, and I'm plus sized which basically equals 3 challenges.  Margeaux took off some length, gave me some layers, and basically made my curls perk up for the first time in almost a year. We talked, she cut, and before I knew it we were done.  On my way out, the receptionist gave me a deluxe product sample.  Score!On such short notice and for the price of $45 (minus tip), I couldn't be more satisfied!  If I get the job, it'll definitely be in part to Margeaux and the staff at MCN!
4	I've been to this location once a while back when I first moved to Pittsburgh and would definitely return next time I want a haircut. My hair was really long and I wanted a super short and trendy cut and I left with what I wanted!Their system is very intricate: They have hair cutters from different levels (I think up to 5?), which they discuss with you over the phone. Since it was my first time, and I wasn't going in for anything complicated like a color or styling, I went with level 2 and the young woman that cut my hair was highly capable and extremely nice. All the workers were actually very welcoming and everyone seemed like they were on top of everything. They were good at recommending products, without jumping down your throat, and were productive about seeing if I wanted to schedule a future appointment to freshen my cut weeks later. I believe my cut was $40 and I tipped $20. They only take cash or check for the tip just to give you a heads up!The parking is super easy since it's in this plaza-like area with Chipotle, T-mobile, Dinette and other retail stores. There's also a Starbucks downstairs of MCN so it's a really nice and convenient location!I will definitely be going again and probably very soon!
3	I've been having my hair done at MCN Salon for the last four years. Unfortunately after today they will no longer be receiving any business from me.  I scheduled over a month in advance to go blonde for an upcoming Wedding. However when I arrived they explained that I had been 'double-booked' and a young apprentice would be applying my color instead. In itself that wasn't much of a problem, but when I asked if she wasn't going to bleach it first she looked at me like I had two heads. I was then told that they didn't have the time to bleach/dye my hair and I had to reschedule, which given my schedule constraints due to work and the upcoming wedding, wasn't possible. This is after over a month of waiting, four appointment confirmations (they message you to confirm your appointment by cell and e-mail), and budgeting for even longer (MCN is not a cheap salon). What is the point of all of those confirmations by cellphone, email, smoke signal etc. if it is just going to be mis-booked & overbooked anyway? The way the stylist explained the bleaching process to me was also pretty condescending considering the circumstances. When I scheduled the appointment I clearly expressed what I wanted done, cleared my schedule, and was ready to pay top dollar for the service. Your salon mishandled my appointment, I'm basically being told 'tough luck' right before a big wedding, and now you're going to complain that going from a light brunette to blonde just takes so much time and is just so much work? I'm sorry I thought this was a top class salon. I guess I was mistaken.In short, this experience kind of ruined the salon for me, but to be completely fair I was pretty happy with their service until now. I wouldn't recommend this salon for color however if you're younger or looking for something more than a basic dye-job and make certain that your appointment is booked correctly beforehand. As a side-note their tipping policy is also outdated and nonsensical. Make sure to bring cash.
3	Me and my wife went to the salon for the first time for our haircuts, Ashley and Margo did our haircuts, they were pretty good. We are satisfied with our haircuts. But their honor is a very rude person, my two year old touched a plant placed in the waiting area, he came and yelled at him and said its very expensive, we felt really bad after that his dog was roaming in the salon and getting into people's stuff, which is not a good idea. I am allergic to dogs and there are people who don't like dogs. All the staff was nice and courteous. Though we like the services but we are not going back again because the owner has no manners and was very rude.
4	Jenna was great! She did a thorough consultation and continuously asked throughout the appointment how I felt about the progress. Great convo, cool atmosphere, friendly staff. When it's time to checkout your stylist puts the product used on your hair at the counter.  It's super convenient but if you have a problem saying no you might feel pressured. I definitely didn't feel pressure because Chuck was super sweet and asked "would you like to try any of the product used today?" I opted to buy one and declined the other. I'll definitely be going back!
5	I just had my first appointment this afternoon. I must say I had a wonderful experience. The salon was beautiful and everyone I interacted with was so friendly & accommodating. My stylist, Margeaux, did a fantastic job with my color and cut, I highly recommend her. She nailed it! I am so happy with my new do & my boyfriend loves it too. I will definitely be back!!
3	I go with three stars because the co-owner, Lisa, did a lovely updo for me for a wedding. People commented on my hair and I was pleased with the results. However, I had less than stellar experience with getting my makeup done with airbrush. Not only did the woman give my sister-in-law attitude on her wedding day because she didn't like how her make up was looking, she also spilled the liquid formula all over my white button down shirt.  She was apologetic but considering her work on my face did little to nothing to cover up my blemishes, I would not recommend getting make up done by her.
5	Do you know how difficult it was to find a salon that's not pretentious, in a beautiful location  and has a well equip staff?! The prices may be higher than what you're willing to spend but the results will far outweigh the price. Jessy was the stylist who cut and colored my hair. She did an absolute stellar job and I would 100% recommend her to anyone reading this. She is super friendly and darn good at her job! After 3 years of searching, I've found my home salon.
