3	For the money, this is one of the best values in Las Vegas buffet world.  Seven separate line counters, each themed with a different region's cuisine.  You get what you pay for though, and overall this buffet is heavy and might leave you feeling a bit ill.  We cleansed with salads that night.
4	I have only came here during lunch time and this buffet is totally worth the lunch price. I could eat their cocktail shrimp all day, end with a flourless chocolate cake slice and be satisfied. But of course, I have to have a little taste of everything. I recommend anyone to eat at Ports O'Call Buffet. It is cheap, clean and good. I just have two tips to increase your chances of having an awesome experience. 1. Don't expect gourmet.2. Save room for dessert because they have a vast selection.
4	We were extremely surprised at the quality of the Friday night seafood buffet at the Ports o' Call Buffet. The seafood selection was across the board very good, with plentiful crab legs, steamed and cold. I especially liked the taste of their New England Clam Chowder. Not too thin, not too thick, with just the right amount and size of chunks of potato and clam. According to my friend, the fired oysters were all breading and not at all juicy. The pizza leaves something to be desired, but overall, for the price and selection, we'll go back!
2	Just an ordinary las vegas casino buffet. Nothing special-american,asian,italian and bbq. none of it was good. The bbq was a real joke-everything just covered in awful sauce.desserts were ok but nothing fancy
2	Again, my friend had the $90 food credit to use at the Gold Coast restaurants so this meal was basically for $5 per person for us.  Woo hoo!There is nothing special though at this buffet.  I liked the beef brisket, which looked dry, but it's juicy and flavorful.  Nice & fatty, just like how I like it.  The other good thing, the fried clam pieces.  The pineapple chicken legs were tasty.  That's pretty much it.The desserts looked good, but I was too full to have any of it.  The only dessert I had was the ice cream cone, which isn't self-serve.  They have 4 different flavors of ice cream, but I only could handle vanilla.... which tastes kinda crappy.  Now, I don't discriminate against crappy food or desserts so of course I finished it.  Doesn't mean that it tasted good.  I mean, it's gotta taste really bad for me not to finish it.
3	Breakfast Buffet $5.99One of the CHEAPEST left in Las VegasGood Selection @ 50 itemsNothing spectacular-(((ie. . Don't expect gourmet )))     Like Rick H. stated .. this buffet is heavy and might leave you feeling a bit ill.Dessert  and good coffee is all the rave here!!.Stating the Obvious here-You Get What You Pay For!:)
4	This is of the best bargains in Las Vegas.  $15 for the dinner buffet, lots of choices, pretty good food.  All you can eat!Now my rich foodie friends from LA would probably turn up their nose at this place, but if you like decent comfort food, there is plenty of it here at a great price.  I piled my plate with salisbury steak, a big taquito, some pasta, a little salad, and I forget what else.  All pretty good, completely satisfying.  Then -- two desserts!  Both delish!Then off to the nearby Rio to see Penn & Teller.  A great night all around.
4	I really like this place. the prices are 15 for dinner and I cannot remember what I paid for breakfast. We at here one night and had some credits on a card from gambling there so  my dinner was 9 bucks!!! the have Chinese food ,italian ,Mexican , and American BBQ and of course desserts.. The foods are very good My fav was the bbq just because the night we were there they had ribs so my buddy and I went on a throw down :)
1	Terrible service. Took FOREVER for the wait staff to get to us, and then they never came back. I couldn't even find a server. Had to go get the manager who was ALSO hard to find. The food wasn't anything to write home about., and normally, I don't care. I go for the bargain, but I'd just rather get food anywhere else. Palace Station has a comparable food for the same price, and their service is much better. Never coming here again. i think the only reason people still go is because they get comped.
1	We paid $15.99 on Christmas Day & the buffet was supposed to have turkey,ham,& special holiday trimmings.The turkey was cafeteria style processed meat turkey slices,the ham was school cafeteria quality,& I did'nt any real special trimmings.The buffet was not worth over $10.Even at $9.99,that's pushing it!I should have been more careful & asked to see the buffet line before going in to pay but I trusted a non-yelp buffet rating review site & it must be outdated because it ain't that good now...maybe years ago,but not today.
1	I got dragged here, I swear.  Those who know me know I would ordinarily never set foot in this cesspool of a place.  Anyway, it was a horrible, horrible experience that I hope to soon forget, but still have nightmares about.  Such disgusting, inebidle "food", I wouldn't even feed my dog here.  Stay away.
4	$6 for breakfast. $8 for lunch. glorious. this buffet is a great find. i've been here a couple times. usually we take the shuttle from Harrah's to the RiO and walk across. save my taxi money for food. they have several stations: salads, asian, BBQ, mexican, italian, seafood, american and desert. it's not the best buffet in Vegas, but, it's no where near the hideousness that my Yelp brethren have mentioned. at leat, imo. the lady taking our empty plates and our drinks was very nice and friendly. the only thing i would like to see really is more fruit options. it makes eating 4 rounds of food easier to extricate from my lower colon when i have fiber. overall, i will keep coming here. just not with someone i'm trying to impress though.
3	You get what you pay for in Vegas. For $6.95 each, Michelle and I got a breakfast buffet. The price of this buffet is cheaper than going and sitting down and getting ONE breakfast at the Friday's in the casino. The food was all mediocre, and some of it was undercooked. They had the usual breakfast fare: bacon, eggs, sausage (links and patties), hash browns, home fires, breakfast burritos, an omelet station, fruit, etc. They also had the dessert section open with donuts and pastries and peach cobbler (which was overcooked). Overall, it is a great value and is a good way to fill up before heading back to Long Beach, CA :) Just don't expect great food.
2	Sad day not that great. :(
3	Holy moly.  I paid $8.39 for lunch here on day.  The food here is average,  but when you look at the price it is totally worth a stop in.The Supreme Pizza was delicious, and I judge all buffets by their pizza.The best food in the whole placed was fried cheese ravioli.  I went back for thirds and fourths.  The fried catfish was delicious as well.Some of the food was lukewarm and the selection was mediocre, but for $8.39 (total after tax), I won't complain at all.  Does it compare to the Bellagio, Wynn or Spice Market Buffets?  No, but for $8.39 it's in a good category on its own.
1	I'd like to consider myself something of a food adventurer. I'm always willing to try a shady-looking hole-in-the-wall if for no other reason than the experience of eating in such a place. On our way out of LV, I suggested we try some cheap-ass buffet for breakfast. Who knows, maybe it could be awesome? We decided on the Gold Coast's $5.99 special. We made a horrible mistake. Nothing here was edible. At all. I piled a plate full of whatever slop they had served up, and I think the only thing I managed to scarf down was a spoonful of eggs and half a strip of bacon. I tried a cheese blintze but had to spit it up before I puked. This place is death. The food looked as old and moldy as the clientele who play here. Nothing could sum up a meal here better than the tray of apple crepes they had, which were labeled as "Apple Crapes".
3	I went on a Friday when they had their seafood dinner buffet.Originally, it cost $17.99 and when I checked the Gold Coast Hotel website, if you join their club card, they knock off $1.Whoo hoo, I thought (thinking that's an extra $1 I could give to the waithelp for standing in line for 5 minutes to sign up for their free card).Come to find out when I went to the buffet cashier, depending on what level you're at (Emerald, Sapphire, Ruby in descending order), they have different discounts.Coming directly from the club card desk, I assume I'm a Ruby but they gave me 2 for 1 discount coming to under $10 for just me.The buffet line had your standby non-gourment items (fried chicken, popcorn shrimp, prime rib, etc), but what I ended up doing is getting 3 mound-full dishes of snow crab, shrimp cocktail, manila clams, and oysters rockerfeller.The dessert selection was plentiful but as others have mentioned, don't expect Bellagio quality items for sure.But for $10 for a seafood buffet, my tummy was happy ;-)!!
4	With buffets, you're always looking for the perfect balance between price and quality of food. You don't want to pay a lot for crappy food, obviously, but you're cool with eating something less than gourmet to save a few bucks. Overall, I think this one strikes a good balance. It's ridiculously cheap ($8 for lunch!), but the food is still pretty good. Maybe I lucked out the last time I went, but the food was freshly made and tasted good. It was definitely better than the 24 hour cafe at my hotel and I paid twice as much for food half as good. Sure, it's off the strip, but you've gotta leave Vegas some time and this is a good stop on the way out. Gold Coast is a sort of sad little casino, something similar to what they had out there before the mega hotel/casinos the city's got now, but you lost all your money anyway. Forgive the extra cigarette smoke and abundance of little old ladies and check this place out. It definitely seems like the place the locals go to, so you know you're getting your money's worth twice over.
3	I don't usually go to too many buffet,as it is just to much food, or food that is ok to eat,,and this was almost free(friday nite seafood buffet).. And the food was about average to say the least the, salmon fish was dry, the fresh oyster look and taste like putty,as I found the best way to get good oysters is to have them shucked right be before you devour them? The top sirloin was tough... The best items on the menu was the huge piece of taramisu and most things on the dessert menu was tasty.. I see why there was not too much people waiting in line the food was just ok.The staff was great and helpful-- 5 stars for the staff,  and 2 1/2 stars for the food..
2	Buffets are a dime a dozen in Vegas, but this was recommended to us by our hotel concierge as the most affordable because it was off the Strip. Since I was traveling with such a large number of people (24+), we didn't want to spend too much on a meal especially 18% gratuity and tax add up to some serious dought!  We came for their Friday evening's Seafood Night special, but I can't really remember anything special about it. The food were hits or misses, but leaned towards misses and some "semi-hits". The buffet was sectioned off by ethnic specialties so people can choose their favorites. I remembered there were one version of fried food after another. The most unfortunate dish I ate was the disgustingly gross raw oyster and I usually love oysters! Their desserts were decent but I wanted more fruits or even healthier options. Was I asking for too much?Seriously I had better experiences at buffets in L.A. Oh well!
3	Typical buffet in lower cost vegas. It catered more to the "senior" palate. But that was livable but the down side is, dont expect to get what you see in the dessert section. YOu see this wonderful looking cheesecake and ask for a slice and they give you a really dried out , chewey old piece that has been out for awhile. Yuck! So beware, stick to cookies ( even those looked like cow patties, seriously  lol)
4	Really a 3.5 for food, but I wanna balance out the out-of-perspective reviews.Nothing out of the ordinary here. Breakfast is way better and less greasy than you can get at Denny's. This is NOT the Wynn, people! There's more value, healthy, and hearty choices here than a McD's "value meal". Courteous service and cleanliness will have me coming back if I ever "have" to stay at Gold Coast.
3	PRICES: Excellent prices... breakfast, lunch or dinner!PARKING:  Private lot.  Plenty of parking.  Close.  Good location.QUALITY:  Fresh food, if you come at the beginning each mealtime.  At the end of meal time, the trays get picked pretty clean.CUSTOMER SERVICE:  Everyone from the cashier, hostess and servers were very helpful and polite.FOOD:  A "wide" variety of food, you just can't best it.  Be sure to check out the pictures!PERKS:  Get a Players Card and you get a discount off the already inexpensive prices.
5	C'MON!!!! look at their prices! We checked out this place once again. Actually, twice. Came by for breakfast... around $6. you can't even get most breakfast combos at McDonald's for that price. yeah, it's not the greatest, but, it's $6! and you have a multitude of options. if you want an egg mcmuffin, coffee and a hashbrown, then knock yourselves out. but, if you want ok to not too shabby eggs, bacon, sausage, menudo, chorizo, buscuits, gravy, chicken fried steak, corn beef hash etc etc ET freaking CETERA!!!! ALL FOR $6! oh, and OJ, coffee, soda too. We were lucky enough to also make it to thursday 7steak nite. two words for you... AWE... SOME! the carving station has made to order NYs. they also had prime rib, and a bunch of other steak medley items. irish stew, some mexican thing... honestly, i was kinda drunk for dinner already so i don't remember much. i do remember keeping it all down though. ALL FOR $14!!!! anyway, get yourselves a card and get these deals. the place is clean, the staff are friendly and attentive. and the prices CAN NOT be beat!
4	Friday night seafood................  all you can eat crab.  Yummy.  The selection was wonderful.  It was all really good.
3	Went there on steak night. Didn't have a big selection of food. Steak cooked just the way u like it.Liked fried oysters and cheese cake ice cream. I think it was $12
3	I used to go here often but with better choices available, I haven't been there recently.  We went here this evening.  The food is OK.  There are no real standouts.  Like other buffets, the variety of food has been cut back.  This was very noticeable at the salad bar.  Much of it was ice with many fewer bowls spread over the area.I was going to get some jambalaya as I had in the past, but it looked liked there were cubes of processed ham instead of the sausage they used to have.  I skipped this dish.  I did get some salt and pepper fried oysters.  They were very tasty, but the breading was quite think and soft--a problem with some buffet food items.They did have some nice vegetables--cauliflower in a cheese sauce (a little watery) and brussel sprouts with pieces of cooked bacon.  A summary would be that the buffet is OK.  The food is very standard cafeteria type with nothing really outstanding.  I think the lunch buffet is a better value.
5	Great food for the price!! Prime rib rocks, and Thursday nights is all you can eat steak!!!
4	Steak buffet in the middle of the week?  Heck yes!  Being that it is Vegas, and there are better buffets, this one is priced very, very well!  Also since it is Vegas, I don't recall whether the steak buffet fell on a Wednesday or a Thursday, but eating that much rib-eye sure helped the hangover :-)On a more serious note, the service was great, and the selection was broad!  There were also two stations set up:  one for the made to order steaks and one for stir-fry Chinese food.  I must also add that the dessert bar is better than what you expect from most buffets as there is a great number of deserts to choose from; that is if you didn't eat too much steak!
2	Don't go.The lamest buffet I've ever participated in.If you're staying at the Gold Coast, just walk accross the street to the Palms buffet.At least the food didn't hurt me belly. For that, I give it two stars.
4	I'm a person of value. If I'm not satisfied with what I paid for, I'll say it, but I'm not that hard to please. As for this particular buffet, I went in for the brunch. And with the player's card, you get two bucks off per person, making the Sunday brunch only 11 bucks. It's really not as bad as it seems. Some people really insult this place in almost comparing it to hometown buffet but give me a break. They serve pretty good quality food. A good variety except the Mexican foods( I don't like the mexican foods at buffet cause it's not authentic). The only flaw is its prime rib and its service. By my fifth plate, our waitress left our table stranded and we had almost 10 half/finished plates stacked up. Maybe it was because she was a bit overweight and had mobile issues but I don't like eating next to finished plates. Nevertheless, with the exception of its service, the food is definitely worth its value. Omlettes were very tasty as well!
2	Our breakfast buffet was disappointing on a number of levels including the absence of ripe fruit and no Chinese or Italian food. My huevos rancheros suffered from stale tortillas and overcooked eggs.
2	I find the buffet here bland and sub-par, as previously mentioned briefly in my Gold Coast review (http://www.yelp.com/biz/gold-coast-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas-3#hrid:p6j8UNUSrk-JCawQYGwy6A). I will say that the service is good and reasonably priced when compared to other Vegas buffets. And rarely crowded, so you're not waiting in line for 2 hours like in more popular buffets. As such, you will see that the clientele that resides here tend to be elderly, young families, and perhaps people who have lost too much cash at other casinos.The best deal (and perhaps the only time I'd recommend eating here) may be during their seafood nights, which is Friday evening. Just stock up on cold crab legs and cocktail shrimp.Grab a B Connected player's card for the membership discount price, and use up your points to help pay for your meal.
3	Just average for a buffet.  The fight at the other table did make the meal more interesting!Now back to the food, it was Seafood Night.  If you are a seafood lover i think this is a pass, but if you just want something to satisfy the crave, its worth going.  Fair price for the food.
3	Seriously, I had my doubts, but we decided to try it.  It was very good. Bellagio, no, but very good for the price point.  PS- All you need to do on Fridays is play slots or video poker for a minute, swipe your players card at the koisk, and it will print out a 50% off coupon... Half off is always good!!!
2	You get what you pay for. Yes you save some money but I would recommend not being cheap. Find one of the other major hotel buffets. All of the food was dried out (not enough people eating here so the food sits for too long). The hostess got all pissed off because the other hostess told us to go through so we sat down and were told the table was closed. Whatever, some mix up and the hostess got all worked up. Not our problem, direct us to the tables if that's your policy. Our waiter put his friendly face on but I could tell the dude hated his job. The prime rib was good. I would not return here.
4	Reviews for this place seem to be all over the map. I guess I don't know what people really expect for food that's actually very good and most certainly at a terrific price. Is it on par with it's high-priced competitor just to its east (where I've also eaten)? No, but with such a reasonable price there's no way they could.Our family went to this buffet twice, once for dinner and once for breakfast. The food was quite good for both visits, and the desserts are definitely something to leave room for.You get variety, freshness (unless you wait until just before they close for the meal), and decent quality. My picky kids (8 to 17) had no complaints and plenty of options to choose from. The fruit was fresh and plentiful.Service was terrific for dinner and lousy for breakfast. Like most places, I guess it depends on who you get.  Dislikes:  Pass on the coffee. To get chocolate milk you have to go to the dessert bar and make your own.
2	This could be three stars if I ate here enough times to know what to eat, but I don't think I'll eat here enough times to get to that point, but who knows?  It is cheaper than eating at a buffet on the strip, and it may even be a buck cheaper than its sister property, the Orleans, but if other choices were available, it would take a half off coupon to get me to eat here.  That said, this property does run a lot of promotions to get discounted food, especially for seniors. But I'm not a senior, and I get only $1.00 off for having a B-Connected card.  One thing going for this place is that the buffet is not at all crowded.   Another is that for the price (even regular price), they have a pretty good selection. Where the ratings drop is the overall quality of the food.  I went on prime rib night.  The prime rib was okay - it was bland and a little tough - about a 4 on a scale of 1 - 10.The mussels were okay also, give those about a 5.  The chow mein, I liked - it was a little sweeter and chewier, and the noodles were a bit thinner than what you would expect - it was nicely different - about a 6.5.  There was some spicy vegetable dish that rated about a 5 also.  I should have quit while I was ahead.  Or I could have tried an enchilada, had some fried fish, made myself a taco, had a slice of pizza, but instead, I had the imitation crab salad and Wor Won Ton Soup. The soups disappointed me.  I opened the top, looked inside, and decided to pass.  But in the Chinese food section, there was Wor Won Ton Soup.  Although it just won ton dumplings and broth, I had to try some.  It was less than mediocre - the broth tasted like chicken cubes melted in hot water, and the won ton dumplings were so bland that it didn't even absorb any of the broth's saltiness. What ended my meal was the imitation crab salad. I don't know how it is on other nights, but on this night, this was a one star, and after a couple of bites, I was done eating. This entree just zapped the appetite right out of me.
3	For the price, 3.5 stars is fair.  The same weekend I went to the circus circus Buffy and the spice market buffet and it was def better than the circus circus buffet.  It wouldn't be fair to compare to the higher end Vegas buffets.  The had selections from Asian, Mexican, American...dessert.  The one time I stayed at this hotel they gave me 2 free buffet coupons, not sure if that's always how it works but if you are down on Vegas luck and need a good deal, it's a good option.  I actually like to gamble here a bit every trip since they got low minimum craps and roulette and there are never douche bags here.
1	My brother read a review on yahoo that there is a hidden gem in the buffet world in las vegas so we decided to try this buffet because apparently you can get lobster and all other wonderful highline food for $9.99. Guess what. In your dream.Not only the food selection are limited and they dont even know how to cook a simple chowmein. They actually charge $12.99 for lunch on sunday. I should've known better since I live in las vegas. But again, another restaurant that I tried and shot down. One and done for me.
3	Not a bad buffet, but not good either. I suppose it's worth it's $12.99 price, but definitely not anymore. We came for Sunday brunch.You could tell a lot of the food had been sitting out for a long while. They had different sections to choose from: Mexican, American, Seafood, etc...I loaded my plate but only took a couple bites of everything, except for the breakfast burrito. That was pretty delicious.It was just an okay experience.
4	I stopped by for the Friday seafood buffet. They have a promotion where once you get 10 points you can swipe your card and the kiosk for 50% off. Pretty good deal!The selection was great. They had a raw oyster and clam section. Also had fried oysters and oysters rockefeller. Snow crab legs were available whole and halved. The crab legs were pretty good - not overcooked and very sweet.
4	Didnt have high hopes, but had to use my $10 buffet credit on special hotel stay promotion. Right away a key highlight was the super chunky blue cheese dressing at the salad bar. One side of that bar with the veggies/salad stuff was good, the other side seemed like time had passed it by with some ugly looking fancier salads and hard rolls. Some decent surprises on the main line involved chicken.  The mazaltan chicken had a zesty sauce and cheese, orange chicken was a whole breast in orange sauce, chicken kiev was white meat encased in crust and another chinese chicken dish was good.  The italian side needed work, on this night, but some other good finds were carved turkey, the taco section and fresh rolled tortillas, fried banana, rice pilaf and finally the chocolate mouse pie was a happy ending, but skip the tiramisu. Plates were cleared and drinks refilled. Overall food was good for my $3 total after discount.     Back for lunch and my final credit and the dishes got even more impressive and only for $7.99 with card or free with my promotion. The highlights were the Fried ravioli with tasty marinara dipping sauce, the freshly prepared chicken and your choice of veggies dish from the Mongolian Grill in a semi-spicy sauce, the chicken fajitas with huge strips of peppers and white meat chicken, the hushpuppes and even the chicken soup was decent. Even the garlic bread was buttery and hot. Sampled the chocoalte cake for desert and that also was rich and a great ending to two surprisingly good buffets at the Gold Coast.
4	Ok I am going to start off by saying I am not a buffet loving fool!  I try to avoid them at all possible, but I was up in my room looking at the little advertiser they have on the table and saw breakfast buffet only 5.99, man they know how to talk to me. I got to the Gold Coast a day before my group did so I was eating solo, yep party of one at the buffet! When the 5.99 price is if you're a player card holder, its 6.99 if you're not, so I went and got the players card.Let me tell you, this breakfast buffet was good! They had everything you can think of, fresh egg station, pancakes, waffles, bacon BACON!!! Sausage, biscuits, gravy!!!  And so much more!I opted for an egg omelet with onions, ham, bell peppers, jalapenos and olives, and got some home-style potatoes to go with! Found me the salsa bar and hit it with pico de gio and  hot sauce, the hotter the better I say and topped it with some sour cream! That was a good breakfast! So when friends got into town, we all decided to try the buffet for the prime rib dinner for 11.99, and that my friends didn't disappoint either.I also have to say I liked the variety of vegetables they had to offer.I have to say I went a few times to the Ports O Call Buffet and wasn't disappointed at all!
3	Good buffet and had a decent amount of food choices for $8.99 for lunch.  Food was not great but it was just the normal chow mein you would get at a chinese restaurant.  Their sausage was REALLY good. I was also surprised that they had german chocolate cake in the desserts section.  All in all, this place is just mediocre. I would definitely come back here for a $9 AYCE lunch just because it's cheap but not worth it for any more than that!
1	Worst buffet i've ever been to. Had many choices - chinese, italian, american, etc ...and they were all terrible - flavorless and tasteless. Complete waste of money!
2	Move along, not much to see here. Typical buffet fare, not much selection. Mostly decent on the regular stuff (salad, soups, Mexican).We came for the bowling, but the rest of our party was held up, so we hit the All You Can Steak Thursday special. Wasn't expecting much of AYCE steak from a buffet - and yet I was still very disappointed. They make them to order, which means that you wait in line to ask for rare to get a medium-well, because that's they only way they know how to cook them. Not sure what cut these were, but I'm assuming maybe the ear or pancreas because I've had more tender shoe leather. Seriously, I literally BENT THE STEAK KNIFE trying to cut off a piece. After the second bite, my jaw was so sore I gave up.The best part of the entire meal was the succulent honeydew melons. The ice cream wasn't even that good.The service was swift and courteous. The Filipino man that took our plates away and brought us napkins and drinks was a sweetie with a big smile. He even conspired with me to sneak the inedible leftover steak out for my dog.They got stars because they were saved by good service.
4	I had friends staying at the Rio but they wanted a cheaper breakfast buffet than what the Rio provided.  I saw the advertisement across the street from the Rio at the Gold Coast Casino for $5.99 w/card.  I had never been in this casino and was a little reluctant but the vote said lets give it a try.  We found the casino to be clean, with little to no smell, well ventilated, friendly, and well lit.  Parking was generous and close to the entrance.  We all ate something different from the breakfast buffet and found it to be  good and everyone was satisfied.  My only complaint was the sausage gravy could have had a little more flavor but it was good anyway.  We all had sampled a different variety of food and it was all good and without complaint.  Since we had a little time to kill before I took them to the airport, we stayed and gambled and everyone left about even or close to it after a couple of hours of gambling.  The buffet was a little busy, but it only took a few minutes in line and was worth the price of $5.99.  I would recommend this place if you're looking for an inexpensive breakfast with good selection.
4	The breakfast buffet was very good for the price.  However, our server was basically non-existent.  After giving us our drinks, he never once came back for re-fills or to take our used plates away.  If it weren't for the bad service, I would give Ports O Call 5 stars considering the low price.
4	I had lunch with a friend here. There wasn't a long line for lunch. We got seated and ordered our drinks. To my surprise the asian selections were really good. The staff were nice and our waiter kept refilling out drinks without asking. It's $12.99 for lunch but just applied for the players card and it's $9.99. DEAL!
1	I live in Las Vegas and have eaten at this Buffet several times and found it satisfactory, but I recently received a coupon for 1/2 off the buffet.  The buffet was advertised as $9.99.  I drove across town and presented my coupon only to be told that by using the coupon, the 1/2 off would be deducted from the $14.99, the original cost of the buffet.  I was told that if I didn't use the coupon, I would pay, $9.99.  With tax and using the coupon, the meal was $8.76 even though they advertised it as 1/2 off.  I think this was a trick and deceiving.  I complained to the cashier and she agreed but said there was nothing she could do, she had been informed by the manager to charge the higher price.  I said I felt this was wrong and a type of false advertising and would not eat at Gold Coast Casino again.  If the casino wants to give a discount, it should be what it says it is and not deceive the customer.    I did enjoy the crab legs.  The prime rib was flavorful.  All in all, the buffet was  good and I would eat there again.....with or without a coupon.
3	Been coming here for years, figured that it was time for a review of the buffet.Let's cut to the chase: The food is average. Nothing too exceedingly fancy, but better than mystery meat swimming in gravy. Breakfast offerings usually include waffles, french toast, made-to-order omelettes, and various styles of breakfast meats and potatoes. Lunch and dinner are pretty much the same, with basic fried seafood, pizza, chinese food (which is pretty tasty), with some nights offering crab legs and steaks for a slightly higher price.The wait staff is generally nice and attentive.The price really can't be beat. As long as you have a player's card, breakfast lunch and dinner are 6-9-12 dollars, respectively. Compared to other buffet offerings, I'm not sure where else you can get a decent breakfast or lunch for under $10.In review: It's inexpensive, it's basic.
4	I love this buffet it is my go to spot in Vegas before I hit the road out of town.  It is very underrated.  It is not on the strip it is more a place where locals go to get some grub on the weekend.  It is price right about $9 for lunch.  There is plenty to choose from.  Asian, American, Mexican, Italian and more.  There is a lot of deserts too.  I normally go for lunch so I don't know what is served at Dinner, but there is plenty of quality food.  My faves are the cheese enchiladas.  Service is fast, the servers always make sure you have plenty to drink.  Give it a shot its inside the gold coast.
4	I could honestly say that I love this buffet! Although I've only eaten here for breakfast, I think it's great. It is not packed like other buffet's in the strip would be, and they serve decent food that wont make you sick. They have the regular pancakes, toast, waffles, and "made to order" omelettes, and on the side they have the dessert table which serves a variety of different cakes and pies, best (banana cream pie, sprinkled chocolate cake) yum. The waiters-waitresses are very polite and tend to you quickly. I have never eaten here for lunch or dinner so I wouldn't recommend going during lunch and dinner but I will recommend breakfast. The only reason they don't get five stars is because Gold Coast to me seems more like a senior citizen hotel, I mean all I saw in the buffet were senior citizens, it's more of like a relaxing-quiet place not like hotels in the strip.
5	What an awesome deal! It might not be as aesthetically visually pleasing compared to Caesars, Mirage, Encore, MGM, Palm & the rest of the 'popular trendy' hotels but by goodness, foods provided are still quality & a wide assortment! And COST EFFICIENT! FYI: I consider myself a buffet snob
4	have been here a few times before, the food was decent, not the best i've had, but decent :), plus the price isnt over the top
1	This was really quite horrible... you kind of expect a certain standard of food in a Las Vegas buffet... the price is right... but the food was disgustingly substandard... I literally almost threw up eating the crawfish and also the sour Boston chowder...
3	An OK buffet.  Rare to find a buffet priced at $9.99 (with players card) these days.  Nice selection of choices...Seafood, Mongolian, American, Italian, and Mexican. Not much flavor with the prime rib...but priced right for a inexpensive quick fix for your hunger!
4	First time here, saw a sign off the freeway for Gold Coast buffet. I am so glad we came. The Sunday brunch was $10.99, it was worth it. Stayed at The Mirage and they wanted $70 for a champaign buffet for 2. The pozole was delicious!! I think the best I've ever had. They had a great selection and everything taste good. I will defiantly be back and will recommend this Buffet. Leaving Vegas happy and satisfied :)
4	After checking out of my room at the Rio, I had about 2 hours to kill before heading back to the airport and car rental place to return my vehicle. Yelped up a cheap breakfast buffet and found the Ports'O'Call which was right across the street from the Rio. I was shocked at the price..came out to $8 (taxed too!) total on a weekday, so I wasn't expecting much.But I was actually surprised in a good way, maybe my expectations were super low but I genuinely had a good meal here. Typical American breakfast food..eggs, waffles, sausages, hams, breakfast burritos, etc Nothing stood out about it, but it was solid. Decent amount of selection..food was HOT. And you can't really go wrong with donuts and breakfast danishes with hot coffee. I fixed myself about 3 plates of breakfast food and was full until I headed back home!Restaurant is brightly lit. Tables are spaced out and there's a lot of room to sit without being cramped up. Service was good, honestly I had no complaints.For cheap eats, if you're staying at the Rio/Palms. It's worth dropping into if you want to save some cash (I believe lunch was around $10, dinner $12) I don't know if I would venture all the way out here from the Strip to eat, but it's worth checking out if you're in the area.
1	Iono if it's holidays price or what.. But we pay $28.00 for 2, during brunch.. The price outside said $9 per person.. Im on vacation, so I didn't care.. My first mistake.. Then come the the food.. It just terribad... - shrimp cocktail (unpealed) look like it's been sitting there for hours.. Some of the shrimp were black.. Their sauce was w/e.. -fried oyster was just bad, it was hard and chewy..-sausages, after I chew it and had to spit it out.. Cuz it taste like it's been sitting there all day and I happen to picked it.. -sushi rolls, I saw new one coming out, so I got some to try.. Iono if it was pre-made from 2 night ago or what but the rice was hard, and everything was just bad combined.. -spaghetti.. Iono how you can go wrong with spaghetti.. But it was actually bad.. The noodle wasn't fully cooked, and the sauce taste like it's reused from last night.. All the chef looked so miserable except the omlet guy,  he was cheerful... At one point, me and my gf was looked at each other and laugh, cuz we both agreed that the food was just bad, but couldn't talk about it cuz we feel it was rude.. The foods that was decent are their fruits (cuz it's just sliced fruit) and cereal, and bacon (Thank God they didn't mess this up) ... Maybe it was just their bad day, but I dont know why this place got any decent review.. Please.. Don't do it.. Save your money and eat at 1000 of other places in vegas..
4	I went for breakfast, and for the price of 6.99 a person it's a good deal. They had a good variety, and I'd go to them again.
2	It's not what I'm used to but I like their selection here.  I tried the broccoli yesterday when we came for Lunch.  I have to say I was grossed out by the cheese they used on it. I normally recommend this place.. but I guess they have been cutting back like the Luxor has. For that I'll rate it as A-OK for the price.I did notice the Fried Rice was especially great, had more flavor than usual,  still a bit bland though.  I loved the Soft tacos I made, wish they had sliced black olives. I tried using whole black olives but they tasted awful.  No big deal I left it off the taco.I have to say the price you can't complain but the green beans were really old. as seen in the picture I snapped.  I left disappointed thinking they might of gotten better.  This experience just didn't cut it for A-OK this time.. I've experienced Better.Plus the cashier that rang us up Edna was saying I couldn't use my Buy One get one on Bconnected Mobile app.  YUP!   I flash my App at The Orleans and they just zap it with the bar reader!!!  There's a bar code reader right there on the desk and she tells me "We don't accept those you have to get a voucher from the Players club."  That's not what the APP says on the fine print!  "Show this to your cashier at the buffet.  Excludes Gold Coast Friday night dinner."
1	While the buffet is cheap with a players card ($10) it's not even worth it, at all. I think there was 2 items I found edible. Chicken teriyaki, and the Spanish rice. everything else was OLD and nasty looking. Not only that, but the selection was not great (on a Sunday night, too!) Dessert station was a waste of space, just a bunch of pie and some soft serve. The server was like 80 wearing a ridiculous amount of makeup. She looked like she just crawled out of "fear and loathing in las vegas"- not a good look, she also smelled like cigarettes and when I asked her how she was doing, all she said was fine and looked at me impatiently as if I was inconveniencing her by asking how she was before giving her my drink order. Won't return here at all.
4	I've only done the breakfast buffet..but let me tell you...You cannot go wrong here! $5.99 for a buffet breakfast! It's decent food (don't expect gourmet) and you can get in and out on most days under 45 minutes unless you're a BIG eater. So if you're trying to get a quick bite to eat, and you are on a budget, (even if you're not)  definitely do come here. You won't be disappointed.
2	Weeknight 'prime rib' buffet Not someplace I would recommend but if you have points and can eat for free off your points, it works. No-frills extremely casual never very busy buffet. Do not expect to be wowed with any gourmet items or 'real' seafood (crawfish and inexpensive fish). The salad bar was decent - fresh greens and enough fixings to make a good salad. The prime rib was okay. The desserts were the highlight and loved that you could get 'fresh' slices out of the display case vs. pre-sliced dried out pieces on plates like most buffets. Tried the german chocolate, regular chocolate, chocolate mousse, and carrot cakes and they were all solid. Staff was friendly.
5	Only had their breakfast buffet, but it was definitely one of the best breakfast buffets I had! Price is great, under $7 for multiple choices! The only thing I dislike is how far from the strip it is if you don't rent a car. Probably not worth the cab fair. But non the less, if you can get here do it. We ate breakfast here easily 3 of the 5 mornings we were visiting.
2	Not the best buffet in town, but definitely cheap. My most recent visit was Sunday night for prime rib dinner. It's pretty cheap especially if someone has a player's card. Our waiter was very attentive and always refilled our drinks/took our plates away. Usually isn't very crowded.The food is not all that great though. Not a huge selection, and not the best tasting. The prime rib was nothing special. Of course, you probably shouldn't expect too much out of cheap buffets.
4	This buffet located inside the Gold Coast Hotel and Casino, is one of the cheapest and most decent buffets in all of Vegas, though it is off The Strip. I ate here for breakfast and it costs under $10. It's nothing super duper fancy, but it should fill all of your needs and basic requirements. Especially, for that first meal of the day! If you're not too hoity-toity and you're just looking for a good, cheap, filling meal with lots of options, especially for young families, then this is the place! Service is fast and friendly, too!
1	So. Originally my review was 4 stars. $6 dollars with the house card, great food and great service.Except no.We ate at the buffet twice. Once for breakfast and once for dinner. The stomach pains started that night and lasted almost two days. It was the sickest I've been and still been walking around.I consistently wasn't sure if I would get to a bathroom in time for 30 hours straight.Once we started eating different food, (TGI Fridays) I started to see a completely healthy Meg emerge. But not after several of our party became varying levels of sick, with myself at the helm.Ports O Call Buffet, never again. Never EVER again.
4	Came here for Sunday Brunch. I love this buffet. Was happy to see that nothing has changed, and the food was as remembered. I didn't love the chicken parm, but I did love the donuts! Have been coming here for years, and will continue to do so.
3	Had lunch there yesterday at 2:30.  People were friendly but the wait staff took too long to check in with sodas and keeping the table clean. It wasn't busy. Ate 90% salad bar and it was ok.  The veggies in the specialty areas were "tired" looking and tried a couple but were over done (brussel sprouts and green beans).  Maybe they're better earlier.
4	Sweet little gem inside the Gold Coast! We came here for lunch and cracked up at the fact that this is definitely a hotel for the MUCH older elderly crowd, lol. We stopped at the buffet though and were really impressed with all of the choices we had for food. Chinese, American, Mongolian,  seafood, Italian, tons of fruits, veggies, desserts, and much, much more. The selection of food is fantastic for lunch, and DIRT CHEAP! Only 8.99 for all of that food. The inside is very large and tables are spaced out, and the place is clean. Definitely no complaints about room. The wait staff is awesome and kept our plates cleaned up and our drinks full faithfully. I'd definitely make it a point to stop here for some cheap eats and a full belly.
4	This place is absolutely a diamond in the rough. If you're looking to get a lot of food for a great price this is definitely the place you need to go. Its located just off the strip right across the street from the palms and Rio . The hotel is called gold coast. The buffet is in the back left portion of the casino. The only knock against this casino is that when you go in you may end up leaving with cancer because this smell of smoke is absolutely ridiculous. The average age of the people that come here I think is about 85 years old. But me personally I don't mind being around a bunch of old farts to get a lot of food for a really cheap price . So come on down and check them out they have a large selection of styles of food and I guarantee you you will leave with your belly full.
3	This place is cheap and I was able to find enough food to satisfy myself but there's some weirdness to it as well. For example, the server set a tray full of dirty dishes on my table while I was eating, walked away, and left it there for about 5 minutes. I don't want to eat while looking at dirty dishes and chewed up watermelon rinds. The custom omelette station made me add a star. Very delicious omelettes are made to order and served piping hot. I don't know if this is available for Sunday brunch only so be sure to check. This place is conveniently located in the Gold Coast casino.
3	Nothing over the top. The food was okay. Decent selection. Food was hot. Waitress was nice,  keeping us filled with oj and coffee.  Fruit, bacon, creeps, omelets to order, mexican items, sausage links,  egg choices, waffles, pancakes, french toast, cream of wheat, cereals.  For the price you can't beat it!
3	Definitely not a swanky or fancy buffet, but that's why you're getting such a discounted price to eat there. They have the usual buffet "classics" like American, Chinese, Italian, Mexican, with a salad and dessert bar. The food was comped, and even if it wasn't, I would still pay to eat here, but the service is horrible and the waitresses seem to make you fell like you're bugging them when you ask for refills on drinks or extra napkins.Step it up Gold Coast, inexpensive doesn't mean poor customer service.
2	In comparison to Rio's Worlds buffet, taste, selection and atmosphere, Rio wins.  But price supersedes all that, this breakfast  buffet was $5.99!
4	Came here for the prices , make sure you get the players card to get a better deal! Not much of a selection , but what they have is decent . You definitely get your monies worth .
1	For starters, CASHIER AND HOST SERVICE SUCKS!!! We came for breakfast on a friday not knowin that they pick up the breakfast food at 1030. It was 910 wen we got to the cashier and payed for our entrance. Cashier's attitude was one of the worst I've ever experienced. (and ive worked in food industry) She never smiled, she never greeted, she ignored the questions my husband was asking her and just told us ok here's your change walk forward to be seated. By this time it's probably 915 920am. The host, same thing, did not greet and did not smile, was just talking on her lil headset. 930....940....950....still not seated. We started complaining to the host and she had the nerve to say I think you should just go. Your time is limited and we can't sit you yet.  wow! Speechless! Got our money back and left. My husband was set on making his way to a buffet before we left Vegas so here we go again. Trying to give this buffet the benefit of the doubt we tried again. The host from friday was now the cashier. Same attitude, same face,  same ignorance. She charged is $10.99 for a child who is 3 yrs old who eats a tablespoon or two. Wtf! whatever. I can pay my sh***. So we didnt let it ruin on brunch. Once I got inside...omg I wanted to ask for my money back!! Waiter was nice decent service and we all had a drink at all times but the food was horrible!!! Alfredo sauce tasted like water. Menudo tasted days old. Gravy was super salty. Fried chicken tasted like plastic. Pizza was mediocre. Watermelon wasnt sweet. Everything about this place is just wrong. My husband was so upset and he apologized for takin us to such a horrible place. I honestly had 2 bagels with cream cheese because that was the only thing they couldnt mess up. 3 yr old child had 2 spoonfuls of cereal. Lol this place is a dump. Then again you get wat u pay for. Never again will I visit this buffet. They need to hire friendly staff to keep their customers coming back and they most definitely need new cooks!!!! If there was an option for zero stars that's what they'd get from me. Mind you, I hate posting bad reviews but this one was a must.
4	I read the reviews and they were favorable food is good price is amazing to come to Vegas I come to realize that all the buffets and all the hype never really add up to $43 per person 799 a person well I guess I'm living in the 80s but I do enjoy discounted food in Vegas and ports of call to Gold Coast it's a homerun sure service is a bit tired and a little laxed but who cares at 799 and it's yourself and grandpa wife and kids were all in
1	Came here on Saturday since I had a comp, otherwise I wouldn't have come here. They advertise it's "land and sea" day. When I think of seafood, I think of crab legs and stuff. They have a poor selection of seafood and not fresh at all. The raw oysters had a funny taste so, I stopped eating them because I was worried that I would get sick. The crawfish lacked any flavor and had a dirt taste. Gross! On to the "land"part of the review. The beef they cut was so dry that the au jus sauce wasn't helping the dryness. It was like eating cardboard. That's unacceptable since I went there at 4pm (right when they opened). The ravioli tasted like chef boyardee from the can! The cheese pizza reminded me of the pizza I used to get in middle school cafeteria. The only thing that was really edible was the fried rice and mashed potatoes. The dessert wasn't great either except the poppy seed lemon bread. Wouldn't come here again, even when I have a comp.
4	Lots of options, clean, and cheap.  Brightly lit.  Moths would love it.It's a buffet- don't expect great service.Just shut up and eat, you little piggies.
4	Ports O Call is a great value just off the strip.  We took the bus there, and it was pretty convenient to reach.  We did the lunch buffet, which was less than $10.  The food was quite good, especially for the price.  Granted, it's not a five star restaurant, but for $10, you get an above average buffet with a great variety and a pretty good selection.  Not everything looked appetizing to me personally, but there is food for every taste.  Even the sushi was pretty good, and the dessert selection is very, very good.  Go!  you'll certainly get good value for your money.
1	this place sucks dude!! how can anyone give this place 5 stars? have you no taste buds?!seriously, everything here is so BLAND. except for the meats, which ironically is too salty. do yourself a favor and spend a few more bucks and eat at bistro @ palms next door.
3	Not bad for a cheap buffet close to the strip. Food is mediocre at best, but it beats paying $35 at a strip casino, if you are on a budget. Obviously you did much better food at any other casino, but hey, lunch was only $7.99 with the loyalty card, so you can't beat that, right? I wouldn't bother with the more expensive meals, since the place is just mediocre.
