5	Sick of ketchup?  Check out this fascinating bit of condiment kitsch hiding out in quaint little Mount Horeb deep in the heart of Wisconsin's German countryside.   More than 4,400 different mustard varieties representing over 60 countries are proudly displayed, and you can sample many of the 500+ varieties they actually sell.  Passionfruit-wasabi mustard anyone??  Just spicy brown for me.
4	Four stars for this fun and irrevrent shrine to the yellow condiment! (You gotta love a place that bills itself as the "home of Poupon U"!) The museum has a mind-boggling assortment of mustard from all over the world, including posters, magazine covers and advertisements. For those who prefer to put their wallet where their mouth is, the store has an equally stunning assortment, categorized by country and flavor. As the previous reviewer noted, you can sample just about anything they sell - a big plus.
4	If for whatever reason you are in Mt. Horeb and you aren't there to visit the Mustard Museum, you need to go to it.It is insane how much mustard there is... over 4,400! I had a hard time not walking away with a basket full of mustards. If you are looking for that hard to find mustard you love or a great gift you someone it is a must visit.
5	Do you like mustard?Think, before you answer.IF you like it, riddle me this.  How MUCH do you like mustard?Do you like it, or do you love it?If you love it, answer this one.Do you love it so much that you would quit your job as Wisconsin Assistant Attorney General to start a mustard museum, in the middle of Mount Horeb, Wisconsin...population......6,168?   If you're Barry Levenson, you do.  And frankly, judging from the expression on his face as he rings people up and works the mustard circuit, it was the best decision he ever made.  One glance at the catalogue and you can feel the love for this place and fun this guy is having with his life.  Lucky man.I have to say, as mustard museums go, this is the best one I have ever been to.  Lest you think I am joking, this place has been featured on television many times.  It's located, I kid you not, along the Trollway.  Why it's called the Trollway we forgot to ask although we wondered aloud several times as we went in and out of town.  However, Trollway it is, and down the Trollway is where the mustard lovers come, day after day, 365 days a year, from 10 to 5, to taste mustard, buy mustard, watch mustard videos in Mustardpiece Theatre, view a mustard collection of over 4700 mustards from around the world, mustard tins, mustard castors, mustard pots, medicinal mustard ephemera, and other related weirdness that you can't even believe exists.  But it does.  A sense of humor prevails throughout.  Words to the Wisconsin fight song have been amended to include mustard wisdom.  Mayonnaise and ketchup-loathing propaganda abounds.  T-shirts and bumper stickers celebrate the superiority of mustard, the walls are painted mustard yellow and the sheer spectacle of it all--and there is indeed spectacle--astounds.  I dropped over $60 on mustards from around the world before I realized it, and when I came BACK so Peter could see it before our plane left on our last day in Madison, he dropped $20 more.  You just can't stop.  The fun and enthusiasm and, uh, zeal, get into you and before you know it, you're buying the molasses ginger mustard that placed third in 2007 at the Napa Valley Mustard Competition.  Seriously. I will be posting photos soon, as soon as they can be downloaded from the camera.  Mustard rules.
4	This place is pretty unique. They have any kind of mustard you can imagine- and they let you taste any/as many mustards as you want! I think there are over 500 of them, from gin mustard to key lime to bleu cheese to even, yes, chocolate mustard. Some of the items are overpriced, but not too bad.Don't watch the video- it kind of sucks.Also- don't mention anything about ketchup or bbq while in the museum. They do not take kindly to those types.
3	Pure kitsch. Fun for the first five minutes, then the novelty wears off.
4	If you love mustard, this is the place to be.  Worth a trip inside even if you don't like the condiment.  Very entertaining.  I've been here several times but it's best when something else is going on in the town.  For one event I attended the Smithsonian was there doing an article on the place, which was cool.There's plenty of mustard to buy along with funny t-shirts and stuff.  Has to be one of the goofiest places I've ever seen.
5	I love the Mustard Museum.  We seem to always work in a stop here when we are in the area.  We used to get our favorite Amora mustard.  Now we've moved on to a variety of brands.  It's mustard kitsch at it's finest.Not only do they sell virtually every brand of mustard known to man, you can TASTE any mustard you want before buying it!  They are sure to carry the winners of the Mustard Festival in Napa.
5	This was an unexpected delight.  It sounds silly (and, well, it is), but it's a lot of fun.  They have walls full of mustard jars, divided by region of origin.  They even have cases with mustard from all over the world.  My favorite part was the rack of old advertisements for mustard--absolutely hysterical.If I'd planned on spending money there, I would've bought a lot of their goods!
5	This place is incredible.  I took a summer vacation with my parents for their 50th Wedding Anniversary to the Badlands, but on our way to SD, we stopped here bright and early on a Sunday morning.  Great staff. The best selection of mustards I have ever seen.  The museum is great.  The Poupon U tee shirt is a classic. I spent so much money on mustards, and all of them delicious.  I have been living off turkey dogs and tuna since I got back, just so I could try the different mustards.  In the same town, there is another place, it was closed, but worth a picture, called "Dick's Quality Meats."  How can you beat that?  Classic.
5	I haven't been to the museum. I'm groovin' on their catalog & website: http://www.mustardmuseum.com/. With nearly 500 varieties for sale, you'll likely find bunches of mustards that fascinate you. They also offer preserves, fruit butters, vinegars, oils, a few salsas & spicy treats, and chutneys. I've ordered from them several times over the years, but I've also tried dozens of brands shown on their site that I saw in grocery stores.
5	Mustard!!Who knew so many mustards existed?!I bought five jars.
5	Do you need some Chocolate Merlot Mustard?  How about some root beer mustard? Or some jalapeno mustard?  All of these can be bought at the mustard museum.At the National Mustard Museum, they have the world's largest collection of mustard and mustard memorabilia.  Prior to visiting the mustard museum the first time (which was almost a year ago), I didn't really think that I liked mustard.  Now I know that I had just tried bad mustard in the past and that there are so many delicious mustards out there.  The nice people who work at the mustard museum will let you taste any of the mustards that you would like.  They will happily let you try dozens of them if you want.  Downstairs is the museum.  They have the mustards in the museum labeled by state (or by country if they are not from the US).  They also have the Mustard Piece Theatre where you can watch a little movie about mustard if you want.  While the movie isn't that engaging, it's also only a few minutes long.  I think it's worth the few minutes it takes to watch it.Their new store in Middleton is great!  It seems quite a lot larger than the old store and of course, it's nice and new!  In the museum, you can see the different mustards better because the display cases are quite a lot larger.  Upstairs, you can shop easier because there is plenty of space to move around.  The new store is definitely nicer than the old.  I'm sure we will be back here whenever we pass through.  The new location is actually more convenient for us than the old one, which is excellent!
5	At the National Mustard Museum, you can taste ANY MUSTARD they have (at least as far as I could tell - they let me try like ten of them), and they have a lot of mustard. Additionally, this is (I am told by people who try to put me down) the only place where it is socially acceptable for me to eat mustard with a spoon. (Apparently I am not even supposed to do this in my own house, because it is "weird.") Also, there are hilarious signs everywhere and some awesome mustard merchandise. Now that this place is in Middleton, there is no reason not to go.
4	The Mustard Museum is definitely a nice stop for anyone who enjoys sampling and fine condiments.  The old location in Mt. Horeb was a treat and the Middleton one is even larger to accommodate the 300-400+ mustards on sale there.  I held off on going for a long time when I was younger, but the first time I graced this establishment I was really surprised at just how much variety there is for mustard.  The tastes are wildly different, to the point where you think your eating barbeque sauce, pickles, hot sauce, cheese, etc etc.  In particular, I like the smokier mustards they have to offer like Anna Mae's and Stone Ground.The service is pretty average.  They seem to be busy most of the time and the workers there are usually older which means the rate that they give out samples is SLOW.  But it is just a mustard shop after-all, so I really can't blame them at not being able to handle groups of people (especially those that camp in front of the counter).  And when you finally do get a chance to take some samples it's totally worth it, because like others have said you can sample ANY mustard in the place, and they usually will make suggestions too which is always a quality sign for a business.The new location is in a great spot, it's a quaint little treat in a walkable neighborhood of Middleton that is right near other quality restaurants, shops, etc.  There are benches to sit outside when the weather is nice, and the prices of the mustard are very reasonable.  Most bottles run between $3-$10 and will usually last you a while.  They sell pretzels, but they are overpriced so I would just go to the store and get some of the nice wafer ones.Overall, definitely worth a stop if you are a mustard fan, if not there's really not a whole lot more to offer.
4	The mustard museum is great.  They have lots of mustard and other goodies.  BUT.......They need to have more samples.  We went here looking to be sampled to death, and it did not happen.  How do you expect me to drop major dime if you ain't got a serious and varied amount of sampling supplies??They do have a tasting counter, with some measly pretzel sticks, where you can ask to sample any type you want, but the lady who waited on us seemed less than thrilled.  That being said, when we tried the Oriental Fire & Lace mustard certain body parts definitely received a rush of blood and began to grow right there in the presence of hundreds of unsuspecting mustards.  (Maybe that is why the counter lady didn't like us!!!)    Suffice to say, we bought a jar, so as to recreate the experience in a more private location with Barry White music in the background.  Bow wow chica chica wow wOw!    Yay!
5	Walked by it and thought "How Midwest".  Since I'm from the Midwest, I can say that :). I didn't see much about museum info, but it's definitely the largest selection of Mustard in North America, if not South.  I bought about five bottles and had them shipped back.  The package arrived, will check next week on condition.  I almost wish I would have bought a tshirt or hat from their school - Poupon U.College Fight Song:      Who needs Harvard, who needs Yale?    At POUPON U, you'll never fail!    Stanford, Princeton? Big mistake!    POUPON U's a piece of cake.Their Wiki page indicates over 5100 mustard's from 60 countries.  Unfortunately no time to visit the museum, was on a business trip and just hit the retail store.
5	The name of this establishment has changed--it is no longer the Mt. Horeb Mustard Museum, but is now the National Mustard Museum, since they have moved out of Mt. Horeb and into Middleton, WI.   A lot more space in the new location (yes, I've been there more than once), the usual goofy stuff (mustard documentary, faux press releases, old advertising and mustard jars from around the world), and really nice people make this a great place to stop.Try their maple peppercorn mustard--it's delicious on brats.
5	Absolutely loved this museum! Upstairs is their retail store where you can sample all the mustards to your hearts content. If you don't see what you want to sample, you just need to ask. You can buy a mini-dog, min-brat or soft pretzel for a dollar and slather it with the mustard of your choice. I loved the t-shirts, mugs, stickers and other gift items. I had to purchase a POUPON U decal for my car window. I laugh every time I look in my rear view mirror.Downstairs is the actual mustard museum. They house the largest collection of mustard in Northern America, over 5100 varieties I believe. There is a great theater that plays an educational, yet fun movie on the history of mustard. There is artwork, antique mustard bottles, mustard seeds, etc in the museum. It is very interesting. If you love mustard, you have to stop in. Even if you don't love mustard, this is a must see museum. Free admission and lots of stuff to giggle about.
4	Cute museum. Not real huge, but if you like mustard, you'd sure enjoy it.If you are a foodie who likes their food to bite back, I'd definitely recommend it.  I got to meet the man who started it all, and he was really nice.(Heh, didn't know till I read Jessica F. s review that he used to be an Asst Atty General for WI...)   The (slightly boring, yet informative) little movie about mustard in Mustardpiece Theater room is narrated by Edward Woodward, which make the BF and I laugh when we saw the closing credits. (We liked him in the original Wicker Man and in Hot Fuzz.)But Ah...the gift shop...You can try nearly anything they've got, unless there's no open bottles.  There's also hot sauce, salsa, BBQ sauce, cheese and the like as well.  The BF got himself a set of Bacon vs. Monsieur Tofu bendy-action-figures...just for giggles. Also, the postcards are quite funny, which in my opinion is the POINT of postcards.
3	While we were on our  mini-vacation, my GF wanted to visit the famed Mustard Museum in Middleton.Now I am not a big fan of mustard, rarely use the stuff and am more of a ketchup man, so I was fairly "meh" on the prospect of going to the museum. However, having went I had much more fun than I was expecting.At first, I felt like a pilgrim in a hostile land as there was a bit of anti-ketchup/mayo propaganda in the museum and gift shop, but I soon got into the spirit of the place.The museum was interesting, had some ads, cartoons, and tons and tons of bottles of mustard from places all over the country/world. But the most interesting part for me was the rather bland  but informative, documentary in their "Mustardpiece" theater which was narrated by one of my favorite actors, Edward Woodward (Hot Fuzz, The Wickerman- original). While the museum was somewhat interesting, the gift shop is where the Mustard Museum truly shines. It had a countless number of mustard's (which you could take up to the "tasting bar" and have a sample of their wares), and a wide assortment of mustard related merchandise. But they also have a good selection of non-mustard items including Hot and BBQ sauces and some nice cheeses and sodas. But one thing that caught my eye was a VERY awesome item which I HAD to buy; the "Mr. Bacon VS. Monsieur Tofu" bendy action figure set!All in all, an interesting and enjoyable experience and a great place to shop for some unique items and award winning mustards.
3	So cool...I just had to stop...one of my customers suggested I stop in here when I left our business meeting...she said that it was super cool and had some really rad shirts...and she was right!Unfortunately, I was pressed for time...so I stopped in and gave it a look but didn't have much time to actually go inside the museum portion...I just got to look at the store with souvenir items...they've definitely got it all though
5	So neat! It's a small museum in the basement. But it's very clean and neatly organized. I was quite impressed with the number of mustards they had. Cute displays and kitchy signs make for an enjoyable (and free!) visit. You can donate a few dollars in a box, and while we were there you got 2 bottles of Grey Poupon if you gave $5 or more! If you're into trying new flavors the tasting experience is a must. We were unsure as to the mustard tasting protocol and thought maybe they had flights similar to wine tastings. Actually, you get to pick any flavor in the room and try it! Now that's amazing! While we were there we tried the Champagne, Lavender, Apple, and even the Spreckers Root Beer mustard. It's fun, takes less than an hour and is the perfect place to take the kids on a super hot day.
5	Amazing. Too much and great fun. Founder Barry could not of been more interesting and fun to meet. I had never heard of it until my wife found out about it and visited when on my last last trip to Madison last week. We had about and hour and that was plenty of time to visit. We started by watching most of video downstairs. It was very informative. Then toured downstairs level which is basically the museum. Fun. Great photo opportunity.Upstairs is where the placer really falls into place. It's both a retail shop a retail shop and tasting experience. There are more mustard products that you probably knew existed...even a mustard vending machine.  Wanted to buy the entire store.We ended up with lots of good buys which can't wait to eat and try. The museum is a true pleasure and a great treasure to the Madison, WI area. A can't miss.
4	We had a fun morning wondering around and looking at all things mustard. It wasn't fantastic or anything though. It was free - which, of course, is great - donations encouraged. They have fun ways for you to donate though, which is appreciated. A donation of $5 or more gets you a bag of small Dijon mustards. You can donate a dollar and do a mustard ring toss - you win a mustard of your choice if you loop one! Its a fun time - takes about 45 mins to an hour between the museum and gift shop. I would say to definitely stop by!! Its just not something that needs to be done more then once.
5	We first visited the Mustard Museum at least 5 years ago when it was in Mt. Horeb. In fact, we did not realize that the museum had moved to Middleton till we got to Mt. Horeb and could no longer find it.  Once we realized our error, we headed up to Middleton and found an even bigger and better Mustard Museum.It is really cool to see such dedication to one condiment. They have a small theater that shows a continuous loop documentary about the history of mustard. It was narrated by Edward Woodward (Star of the Equalizer). The theater is called "Mustardpiece Theater". That kind of sums up the feel of the place, LOL.We toured the place and then did a mustard tasting. That was a lot of fun and needless to say we made several purchases. A mustard lover (like moi) could go nuts in that place. Everyone was friendly and it was just a lot of fun. The best part is our cupboards are now stocked with all kinds of mustard. This place is fun for all ages. (Well, maybe not real small kids). It is interesting, educational, quirky and kitchy, i.e. the best of all worlds.
4	If you like Mustard, this is the place for you!  The tour guide was very funny and even led the group in song and read us a book he wrote about mustard.  It was fun to look around and try the samples.
4	fun little place, a go-to for small/cheap gifts to take with when going out of town.The main area/floor is the shop, but downstairs will show you all you may ever wish to know about mustard.
5	So many tasty mustard samples to try.  It was really difficult to narrow it down to a few to purchase because we are flying home.  Excellent place to stop on a road trip.
5	I love this place! I just visited here today with my family during a short trip to Madison. The museum's location in Middleton, WI was perfectly convenient, and it only took about 15 minutes to get to from Madison. When we walked in, we were greeted by 3 different employees- they were all so friendly and most definitely knowledgeable about mustard! We wandered through the shelves of mustard for sale to get to the more kitschy area of the gift shop. Here, you can find mustard, pickle, and bacon-flavored chapstick, bacon candies, and other cutesy gifts. They also have a wide selection of "Poupon U" t-shirts and apparel. Seriously, whoever thought of "Poupon U" deserves a gold medal in humor.Speaking of the humor, once walking downstairs to the actual museum part, you can't avoid the owner Barry's great sense of humor. We think he may have had something to do with the creation of the Onion News, because his humor is right up that alley. It's absolutely excellent. My favorite poster at the place reads "...we find the evidence overwhelming that ketchup is now the leading cause of childhood stupidity while mustard remains the healthy and intelligent choice for this and the next generation." The whole museum is loaded with various posters and pieces of "art" (the owner's head photo-shopped over the Mona Lisa, a mustard bottle photo-shopped over Scream) that really were quite hysterical. Downstairs is also the Mustardpiece Theater, which shows a humorous, yet educational video about the history of mustard. Downstairs also houses, obviously, probably the largest collection of mustard that will ever exist. Seriously, they had mustard from Azerbaijan. And every state and country you could think of! Well, there are probably some missing, but we certainly didn't notice.You certainly won't forget you're at the Mustard Museum when you visit- even the bathroom soap is held in French's Yellow Mustard bottles. There are also opportunities to donate since the museum is free- your donation is even tax-deductible! If you donate $1, you can do a ring toss game where you toss rings at mustard bottles, and if you land one, you get a free jar of mustard. If you donate $5 (on the honor system, since the museum portion doesn't have staff members), you can grab a free bag of 4 mini pots of Grey Poupon Dijon. Back upstairs, we sampled countless kinds of mustard. They have some samples sitting out with bowls of pretzels and baby carrots, but if you want a sample of something that isn't out, all you have to do is ask the employee behind the counter. They were so helpful and were even offering us samples of mustards we weren't looking at. They also have a table filled with the Winner, 2nd, and 3rd place mustards in various categories from the World Mustard Championships. Basically, you'll spend your time in the store wondering if it's excessive to buy 12 jars of mustard.We ended up purchasing 9. Some for us, and some to give away as gifts. The Wasabi-Horseradish mustard (some German brand) was deliciously spicy- we bought 3 jars. In addition, we got a large horseradish, a root-beer mustard (so good!), the Mustard World Championships Grand Champion sweet and spicy mustard (amazing), a habanero mustard, a whole-grain mustard, and a beer mustard. It is so easy to load your basket with ridiculous amounts of mustard because they're all SO GOOD and you can try anything you want! They also sell mini hotdogs, mini bratwursts, and mini soft pretzels for $1 each that you can try with any mustard in the store (the mustard comes free). I'd recommend the mini soft pretzel with the Sprecher's root beer mustard- it was awesome. Basically, if you ever find yourself within an hour or so of Middleton, WI, make sure to stop by the mustard museum. It's tons of fun and you'll walk out with an obscene amount of delicious and creative mustard!
5	When I was looking for something to do around Madison, I came across this place.  I thought it was a joke at first ("National Mustard Museum"?  Are you kidding me?).  It's no joke.  It's all awesome.   Where else can you taste (and purchase) thousands of mustards from around the world?The first floor is the store, and the downstairs is the museum where you can watch a video on how mustard is harvested and see some of the historic mustards (you can't taste these -- I don't think you'd want to).Make sure you buy a t-shirt that shows you as a graduate of "Poupon U"!P.S.  Mustard Rules!  Ketchup Drools!
4	Lots of wordy reviews so I'll write a short one.  This is mainly about the store area.  Super cool, but it can be overwhelming.  The workers are nice, but they encourage you to put as many mustards as you want in a basket so they can pull them for you to taste.  This makes it time consuming for each customer, so we really only sampled the ones that were out.  Definitely bought some cool stuff, and would not have any problem returning for a new bunch to take home to try.
4	This place allows you to try their hundreds of flavors of mustard, along with a museum in the basement.  Currently, they also sell small hot dogs and pretzels to help whet your appetite for the liquid gold of mustard.  They even support local by including Sprecher's Root Beer and Cream sodas.  You can not go wrong by visiting this place.  It's history, humor and lots of fun.  Check out the mustard themed items they sell as well...Poupon U sweatshirts are a winner!
4	This review is actually for the gift shop - I promise the next time we are in town, we will stop and take the tour, now that I know how close this place is to where we usually go.So, um, if you like mustard, then you should probably come here.  It has a multitude of different kinds of mustard - yellow, stone ground, with hot peppers, with honey, from Canada, from Poland - you name it, they probably have it.  There is a testing bar and lots of little sample baskets of pretzels to dip in mustards through out the store.  There's also a wall of syrup and chutney and a different wall lined with hot peppers and BBQ sauce, including some made with ghost peppers.  In addition, there's the requisite mustard merchandise, from t-shirts to magnets to bibs and, um, toilet seats.It's quite a nifty place and if you love mustard as much as the ladies working in the shop, then you might get to honk the horn.  Good stuff - will definitely be back!
5	Awesome.  They'll let you try everything.  Largest selection of mustard I've ever seen!
4	If you love mustard or mustard history this is the place to go while your waiting for a table at the Hubbard Ave Diner.
5	What is left to say about this place? I agree that (1) it is pretty awesome; (2) the amount of mustard is crazy and certainly unprecedented; (3) there is no other place like the Mustard Museum; (4) I probably tried too many mustards (so be careful when tasting, maybe limit yourself to 3 to 5); (5) I still bought some to take with me; (6) I will probably never again be that excited about that yellow condiment; (7) I'm totally glad I went and got giddy about mustard, if only once.
5	Not to be missed if you are in the area.  Is it possible to OD on mustard?  After sampling at least 30 out of the hundreds available for tasting, I think it is, and I'm glad I did :)
4	Yes, it's cool. No joke. Most Americans don't take mustard seriously enough. Most think that the French's yellow squeeze bottle is the only mustard they will ever need. Wrong. Our trips to France and Germany have showed us that mustard is to Europeans what BBQ sauce is to American. The variety and spice levels are as endless as they are unique. If it's ever been produced anywhere in the world, they probably have it on display here. If it's currently being produced anywhere, you can probably buy it here as well. Mustard advertising, mustard art, mustard apparel, and even a mustard college diploma (from Poupon U., of course!) can all be enjoyed here. The staff here are dead serious about educating you on the many aspects of enjoying mustard, albeit much of it is tongue-in-cheek. They do know their stuff! After sampling about a dozen different mustards, I managed to spend $50 and have enough mustard to last me the rest of the decade!Really, the next time you are on the west side of Madison and have an hour to kill, stop on buy. You'll enjoy it, I guarantee!
5	Awesome! Greatest selection of mustard ANYWHERE, plus extremely knowledgable and helpful staff and a seemingly endless supply of interesting info about mustard. Do not pass up the hot pretzels!
2	Let's be clear. This a retail store. Not a real museum. Two old videos that are hard to hear does not a museum make.The retail store is nice with lots of mustards for sale. I would have been inclined to stay and purchase something if the "museum" had actually taught me something about mustard.
4	After learning that there was a National Mustard Museum in Middleton, and that my mother was coming to visit me, I decided that this place would be a great destination for us on a Saturday afternoon. We are both foodies, and could easily eat our way through any city before doing any other tourist-y things.First of all, who knew there were so many different types of mustard. Seriously. I dare you to say you still don't like mustard after leaving this place. You can try every single type of mustard you find, and they even offer cute little pretzels and hot dogs for $1 to sample your mustard on. The staff is super friendly and helpful and the building is clean and pleasant to be in.You guys. I bought caramel mustard. What.
5	Awesome place!! Didn't realize there's sooooooo many mustards... you can pick a mustard to try, they dip a pretzel into the mustard for you to try.... warning: the super spicy is soooo spicy it will make you drool & your ears burn(now that's spicy!).. then you go downstairs, where all the mustards from around the world are... amazing!!!  There's history all around, even a video to watch.... another place to bring visiting relatives! Our brother from Japan came & we brought him here.... we loved it!
5	I really like this place. It's quirky, a little different, and really fun.+ Sample whatever you're interested in, and don't be afraid to step outside of your boundaries+ Staff is awesome and will make great suggestions+ Sample the mustards with a $1 hot pretzel+ Check out the museum downstairs+ Old advertisements are especially funIf you're in downtown Middleton, do yourself a favor and swing through this place. It's something to behold and we're lucky to have such an establishment in our midst.
4	Four star rating... not because it's the best museum in the world, but because it's a freaking MUSTARD MUSEUM in the middle of DOWNTOWN MIDDLETON! What... the... what?!?!?!! It's not very big, and it's completely free. You can spend 30 minutes to several hours in there and feel satisfied with your experience. It's irreverent and random, and you'll leave with at least a half smile on your face.Massive pro is the staff. They are all incredibly knowledgeable and friendly. My father-in-law loves the fact that he can buy a mini hot dog for a buck, and try various kinds of mustard on it. I left still not loving mustard, but I did enjoy my 45 minute visit. I'd highly recommend popping across the street to the Free House afterwards to wash down that mustard with a nice local beer!
5	Fun and silly place to spend a couple of hours. Learned more about mustard than I needed to or ever thought I would. Especially great on a cold and wet day.
5	10 years ago my "future" husband surprised me with a trip to Mt Horeb mustard museum.  Today we reminisced at new location and went home with our taste buds enlightened and our hearts happy!!  Thank you for another fun tasting experience!
5	To be honest I didn't expect to find a museum for mustard, let alone in the Midwest, right here in Wisconsin Middleton area! The annual mustard festival organized by the museum is what caught my attention. It takes place every first Saturday of August. Back to the museum, they offer about everything type of mustard you can ever imagine. Sweet ones, salty ones, spicy ones, etc. If you are like me and have always thought mustard comes with the strong horse radish aftertaste, their selection here will prove you wrong. I have tried fruit-based mustard that are indistinguishable from jams *woots*On the other extreme I found the 'HIT and RUN', which is an extremely hot and spicy mustard guaranteed to make you, as its name implies, RUN ~~The museum encourages visitors to sample however many mustard you are interested in trying. They are also good at giving suggestions as to how to pair your favorite mustard with your favorite foods. In the exhibition area, they have a huge display of the different mustard from different countries all over the world. Even if you are not a huge fan of mustard, give this museum a visit and it will probably swing your perception of mustard 180 degrees around.
5	Fantastic! The staff is so friendly. We look around the museum downstairs and then sampled about 20 different mustards. Came home with a few pots that we've slathered on every meal since. Thanks Mustard Museum!
4	If it cost to get in, it might not get such a good rating, but the museum is interesting, neat, and informative. I might wish for a bit more curation- there are a lot of kinds of mustard shown with very little info about what is distinctive or interesting about the vast majority of them, etc. Some quirky things, a ring toss game, etc. make it more fun than I expected.The gift shop above is also fun and staffed with friendly, helpful people and you can sample almost any of the hundreds of mustards and such for sale. Delicious!
5	A museum dedicated to Mustard? Who knew..? My Wife is in love with travel oddities and the Mustard museum was right up her alley. Although I have to admit, I enjoyed myself.   The best thing about this potpourri of Grey Poupon is you have the chance to sample any of the hundreds of mustard's sold in the store. We ended up purchasing five bottles on our way out. So not only was our visit enjoyable, we're stocked up on mustard until doomsday. It was well worth the trip.
4	Cross this one off the bucket list! I can die a happy camper after going to the Mustard Museum!The basement is the "museum" kind of small but really how big is a museum about mustard going to be.  Grant it I was hoping that they had mustard artifacts from say ancient Egypt, Rome, Greece but not so much... what they did have was a lot of mustard from around the world. Which is really fun!  The upstairs is the sample area and where you can then buy the mustard.   Needless to say I didn't get out of the place without dropping $25.00.  Also the staff was just Great! Oh a side note:  if you don't like Mustard then don't go to the Mustard Museum.
4	This is something fun and quirky to do! First you go downstairs to view the "museum" and some videos and then you can go upstairs to try all of the mustards they have for sale. Like others have said, but yourself a hot pretzel ($1) to go along with your mustard tasting. If you really like a mustard, the staff will give you a cup of whatever mustard you want to eat with your hot pretzel. The museum is free but asks for a $2 donation.
5	True Stories:1) The sriracha hot mustard here is the bomb but you shouldn't let your dogs have ANY, even to get them to stop licking at your dinner plate, because they WILL throw up.  2) Check the hours for this place because it may just seem like they are REALLY slow, but it may actually be that they are CLOSED.  Sorry National Mustard Museum!  And thank you for being so polite even though we were obliviously being those guys.Overall, this place is pretty magical if you are a mustard fan.  Or if you want to do something completely random and semi-interesting.  Or if you just like being overwhelmed with choices you didn't even know existed.  The "museum" part is just a quirky collection of mustards and mustard pots which I didn't even know were a thing (*The More You Know!*) but the entire upstairs is covered in mustards to buy, mustards to try, and mustard accessories and gifts.  Yes, those exist too...who knew?  And the kicker of the whole place is there are employees there who are all mustard connoisseurs (not sure if they were born that way or were trained but either way they are useful) so if you need a suggestion or are looking for some random mustard you tried at your boyfriend's sister's BBQ back in the day, they can help (True Story #3).Check 'em out even if it's only to get yourself an accessory that says "Poupon U".  Hahaha.  I'm a child, but those gifts were THE BEST.
5	Such a fun inexpensive place! Who wouldn't want to learn the history on mustard?? Free taste testing, check. friendly staff, check. helpful, check. Walked out with our bellies full from tastings and 5 different mustards! The glazes are so yummy we use them all the time. Also if you're feeling brave take a dive into the fruit mustard selection! We bought a strawberry and blueberry mustard! I often have to send them too my dad too, as they are so unique! Love this place.
5	We were gardened and not about to be zooed out after seeing a bunch of zoos and gardens in the Midwest area.  So, we decided to check this out after the Olbrich garden.  This was such a nice breath of fresh air.  First of all, we were confused with the driving directions being in the suburb of Middleton outside of Madison.  Next, we walked in and were welcomed to see the museum first downstairs and then come back for samples.  Well, the museum was really cool to see all the mustard around the world as well as all 50 states.  Then, we got to sample mustard with pretzel sticks.  I thought they would sell soft pretzels to dip into the mustard but was told no longer provided.  Anyways, my fav was the honey mustard but not about to pay that price.  Anyways, I did get some cheese curds which was reasonable for $5.  Overall, not to be missed if you are in the area.
5	Silly, quick and free, with a tasting bar. What more could you want?!I'm actually not much of a mustard fan, but it was a good thing to add to a day jaunt around the Madison area with my out of town friend and we weren't disappointed. She was happy with her fake diplomas, we loved looking around the museum and I loved the opportunity to taste my way through tons of different mustards so I could find the ones I didn't hate. I ended up buying a peach honey mustard dipping sauce, but liked a few different kinds and really appreciated the ability to taste around and find something that fit my bill. The owner came upstairs and chatter with my friend and we just had a good time being silly and wasting an hour. What more could you want?
5	It's fun and it's free, what more could you want? Hundreds and hundreds of mustards arranged by country, flavor, etc. There is a tasting bar, too, so if you want to try any of the mustards--ANY of them, no limit--you can do so before making a purchase. There is also a pretty neat museum in the basement, detailing the history of mustard and showcasing all sorts of vintage mustard accoutrement. Very cool for history buffs and mustard lovers alike.
5	An astounding array of good and quirky mustard and folks!  I love mustard and can't help but stop here and stock up whenever we're close by. Nearly every mustard is available to sample to help guide your selection. Staff is always willing and available to provide tips and techniques for using different kinds of mustards - it's for more than just brats!If you're stopping for the first time, be sure to check out the mustard movies in the garden level theater. Fascinating!
5	A mustard museum is not a place you'd automatically associate with fun, but I love visiting and shopping here!They have hundreds of mustards, from traditional yellow, to curry, beer, champaign, olive and many more. There are too many to mention them all!Most mustards are available for sampling and the staff love to give you all the special tastes you want, in addition to what they have out on display.For even more fun, head downstairs to view unique mustard memorabilia. Kids love this as much as adults!For your holiday shopping needs, there are pre-made boxes ready to ship and they'll even help you make a custom box for the mustard lover in your life. My mother-in-law loves mustards, so we send her something fun from here every year.The staff are super nice and helpful. Play along with them and honk the horn at checkout!
5	"I like mustard on my toast.I like mustard on a roast.But what I really like the mostIs mustard dribbled on a ghost."I'm stopping here because I'm unsure where Yelp draws the plagiarism line, but go to the Mustard Museum to read the rest of this children's book long poem! With illustrations! All about mustard!I finally found someone (or a place) that loves mustard as much as I do. What better way to spend a freezing Saturday afternoon than at a shrine to mustard's glory?Start on the ground floor and view mustards from all over the world and all 50 states, learn about cultivation of mustard seeds and it's medicinal uses and watch a flick or 2 at the mustard theater! Then go upstairs and spend all your money. I just HAD to buy two copies of the aforementioned book, some wacky mustard postcards, and a tshirt that says POUPON U (get it??!!?).Don't worry about buying a mustard you don't like - you can sample all of their mustards in the store! I tried sriracha mustard, dill mustard, and lots of other mustards I never knew existed.If I ever get married, I may have my wedding at this wonderful place.
