5	This is located inside the Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall. I came at  8pm and there were still a fair amount of cupcake flavors left.I ordered 3 (chocolate, peppermint and a strawberry) different flavors. But they have other flavors like Orange and Key Lime... etc. I wish they had the S'mores cupcakes but they were out. The cupcakes are fairly big. I personally thought the frosting-cake proportions were a little off; however I am biased. I'm not a huge frosting person. Frosting was smooth and buttery and the cake was fairly moist. The prices for one cupcake is less than $4.
5	This is tucked away in the Scottsdale Fashion Square mall by Nordstroms. It is absolutely delicious. At about $2 a cake pop, it is slightly pricely but definitely worth its price. Moist rich cake in the shape of lollipop. Must trys are red velvet, coconut, and strawberry. If I had known how much I'ld enjoy them I would have bought even more! I can't wait to go back.
4	This adorable little cupcake shop is in the Scottsdale Fashion Square mall on the top level headed towards Barney's. They have a huge selection of fancy cupcakes and cake pops (they called them something else, though I can't remember what).The cupcakes are innovative. I tried the salted caramel cupcake, something I haven't yet seen elsewhere. The frosting was delicious and the cake had pockets of caramel throughout. The cake was on the dry side, and no amount of frosting in the world can hide that. I wish they didn't use so much of the edible glitter because I have gotten sick after eating it before. it's pretty but not so pretty later, if you know what I mean.
2	I've been debating about writing this review.  I love cupcakes and I was so excited when I so this store.  The store inside the mall is very cute.  The staff is amicable, but not overly helpful.  Which is ok, the cupcakes look good, however, looks are not all, even for cupcakes.  I got the Lemon Raspberry and the Coconut, as well as a Key Lime cake pop.  I tried the cake pop first.  It was gummy tasting and neon green.  I have been to Key West and I never saw a neon green key lime.  Then I took a bite out of the coconut one.  The cake per se was not bad, however the frosting tasted like oil.  Not appetizing.  So, I closed the little container and tried the Lemon Raspberry.  I guess I have been spoiled by other cupcakes in town.  Again, the neon yellow color for the cake.  Where do they get these citrus. (see picture)  The cake tasted like the ones from the grocery store.  I ended up throwing them in my garbage, making sure to smoosh it down, in case I had a Miranda moment (only if you have watched Sex and the City you will get this).  At least I know I won't be tempted at the mall anymore.  I guess I should be thankful????
1	I'll pretty much finish any sweet sitting within a 5 foot radius of my body, but I actually threw away half of this cupcake.I've had many red velvet delicacies, to the point that I feel compelled to eat any offering of red velvet anything, especially cupcakes, and rationalize it as research.This place is a catchy name, and that's where it begins and ends. The cupcake I had was very dry, and the icing was cheap and gross.  I've had better cupcakes by the dozen on sale from a grocery store.  I gave this place one start instead of two because I think even in my biggest sweet craving/desperation I would still bypass and just deal with the craving...
2	J and I had to go to the Fossil store last Thursday because his 2 watches needing repairing.  Forgetting where the entrance that's right next to the store, we ended up walking through Nordy.  Just outside the top floor doors of Nordy, there's Caketini.  A cute little shop, which I think the original shop that was there years ago used to be affiliated with selling Nordy cookies.  Sweets + Me = Yummyness for Baby C and I!  I couldnt resist, so we went inside. I originally was just going to get a cake pop.  But I decided to get a German Chocolate Cupcake (MY FAVORITE!!!) and a vanilla pop.  J got the Key Lime pop and a Smore cupcake.  J liked his pop.  Love?  That I'm not sure of.  I on the other hand did not enjoy mine, at all!  It was very gummy and almost had the texture of cake with paste.  You know paste, the kind your teacher told you not to eat as a kid in the classroom.  I gave the rest to J.  Now the cupcakes.  J said the Smore frosting stuff was cloying and the cake was dry.  He didnt even eat half of his.  My cupcake too was very dry.  And the traditional GC frosting (which I love) was one note.  I didnt even eat 1/4 of the cupcake. Now if I hadnt already known what German Chocolate cake tasted like, and had tried this....I doubt I would every try GC again.  $12+ for a lot of disappointment.  :(I seriously wonder if the reason for the dry cake is because they have everything in a cooler case.  I am having flashbacks from a certain little bakery/cupcake shop I reviewed for my wedding bakery.  Make the memories go away!!!!
5	I personally think their fruit flavors are better than the chocolate based cupcakes, and I'll be the first to admit I don't like their cake-pops as much as I like Starbucks, but they're still great cupcakes. If you can try the orange, the key lime, and the lemon raspberry and share with a friend. Those fruity ones pair up wonderfully with a girly alcohol night. Yikes, can anyone tell I'm about to put on lacy pajamas and suggest manicures and a pillow fight? This is what Mondays do to me. Cupcakes and cocktails, people.
5	First things first: the best way to get into this place (if, by some weird reason, you're only driving to the mall to visit this shop) is to park in the Nordstrom's garage (third floor, if you can), walk across the bridge, walk through the teen/kids sections, and hang a left. There it is! Very easy and less walking, for the lazy folks out there ;)I mention that because I visited Fashion Square yesterday to ONLY visit Caketini-- yes, that's right, I didn't go shopping (crazy!).Anyway-- the service at Caketini is unbelievably good. THREE people tried to cut in front of me in line (wtf??) but the Caketini girls noticed me and made a point to pick me out of the crowd, take my order, and get it to me in a very timely manner. Hooray for good customer service!As for the treats: I tried 2 "Caketini truffles" (AKA cake pops) (brought one home for the bf) and a Jasmine Blueberry organic iced tea.Verdict? DELICIOUS! I tried the peanut butter cake pop and the 'celebration' cake pop, and the boyfriend had the snickerdoodle cake pop. All three were moist, not at all dry, and not at all "too sweet." To each, their own tastes, but I don't really understand the complaints about Caketini's flavors... they're actually better than Starbucks, and having said that, I think it's unfair to compare Caketini to Starbucks...But I digress. The iced tea itself was also amazing-- only $2.50 for a large iced tea that tastes EXACTLY like a Teavana iced tea.... only at much cheaper prices. If you've had Teavana iced tea, you know what I'm talking about. If you haven't... let's just say, you can't compare Starbucks iced tea to Teavana tea.(and before you think I hate Starbucks, I don't. I'm just saying you can't compare apples to oranges :)All in all, I'm looking forward to stopping at Caketini any time I'm at Fashion Square. It's worth a visit to Caketini if you're at the mall!
3	I got here after 8pm on a Tuesday night and was amazed to see quite a large selection of flavors in a well-stocked case. I wasn't sure what to make of it. What do they do with all those leftovers at the end of the day? Leave them in the case?I noticed a few flies (one big one, and a couple fruit flies) buzzing around inside the case. Hmm. More questions.I decided that a few bugs weren't going to hurt me. I've had worse at picnics, whatever, I'll brave it.Aesthetically, everything was very cute. Different frosting patterns, toppings, edible glitter--the works. Vibrant colors on some of them that probably isn't natural, but it looks pretty.I chose 6 different cupcakes. I would have taken a picture to accompany my review, but the flimsy box didn't hold up to the weight of the cakes, and the box drooped like a slice of pizza when I tried to take it from the car. Good for pizza, bad for cakes.Despite all the cupcakes flipping over and getting icing all over the box and each other, I managed to get them all back in their little slots and get most of the frosting back onto the corresponding cake.Oh! Before I go any further: Cooked buttercream. Really the only way to go, in my opinion. The cakes varied from light and fluffy to dense and dry. Some were flavorful, some were not. Some had surprise! filling. The citrus ones had what I think were candied bits of peel, which was a nice touch, but not my favorite. The frosting was silky and generous no matter what. With the exception of the Snickerdoodle (stale, dry), they were all pretty good. I had to dock a point for the old cake/pesky bug situation.I do want to know this: Why is it Caketini? What's the -tini? The name doesn't have anything to do with my review, but it's bothering me!
4	My friend and I are big gourmet cupcake junkies and have been on the search to review a new one. We saw Caketini and decided to kill two birds with one stone: splurge on cupcakes and go shopping!Their shop was cute and small and they had a HUGE selection. They're selection was so big, it took me literally 10 minutes to decide what I wanted to try. They had other goodies like cake pops and cannolis. I had their Salted Caramel cupcake and cookies and cream cake pop. Their cupcakes were huge! ( I couldn't even finish it!) The cake was soft and moist and the frosting was super smooth and tasty. The cake pop was delicious and I was pretty much chocolate wasted at this point.The had a great tea and coffee selection to along with their cakes, and the staff was pretty helpful as to recommending what cupcakes were best sellers.
3	Cupcake pops were too moist, didn't like the outside either..they were too cold.The cupcake I had was just ok, nothing great.
3	Had the 'Very Strawberry' yesterday and I was glad it tasted better than the red velvet. Maybe the locations are different but I wasn't impressed by the red velvet I had a few months ago at the Gilbert location. I'm willing to try another flavor, but I think Mind over Batter is better..
5	I LOVE this little shop tucked away in Fashion Square. Too often people that I know think that Sprinkles is the best cupcake place that the valley has to offer. Sprinkles is honestly at the bottom of the chain for me. Too pricey for a tiny cupcake with zero flavor. What I love about Caketini is that the cupcakes are much larger in size for a smaller cost, and they taste deeelicious. My favorites are the salted caramel and strawberry. They have a huge selection that you will have no problem finding one you  like and will want to end up buying more than one because you cannot decide! Always generous with the frosting and sometimes you get a surprise in the middle. They also do cakes for events and have cakepops. Haven't tried those...YET!Last time I went there were 1-2 fruit flies which was pretty gross, but I'll be nice and hope next time they take better care of the problem which I had never seen before. Overall, I recommend it!
4	Tried the Salted Caramel and Very Strawberry cupcakes...yummy!
3	Visited the kiosk across from H&M.Great selection!5 stars for the Pumpkin Spice (nice crunchies on top)1 star for the Coconut (dry, white cake with overly sweet white frosting and some shredded coconut on top; disappointing!)I'll try something chocolate next time...
4	This is a cute little half shop in the Mall. Right by Banana Republic and H&M.The girl working there was very nice, and knew the answers to all the Questions we asked. The cupcakes are beautiful little works of art. We got the cake pops(red Velvet) to eat there. They were good and actually just enough. We got a cupcake each to bring home. So she put them in a nice little box to hold them and we left. The price is high but, less than Sprinkles, so we thought we would give it a try.Later that night we tried the cupcakes one of them had deflated on one side. I am not sure why. Was it the frosting or the cake.It was in the high 80's driving home(yes it is Oct.) But, we put them in the fridge when we got home.Anyway,the flavor is good on both. One a Sea Salt Caramel. It could of used more salty Caramel,I think.  The other was a Pumpkin Spice, that was the one that deflated. Both good as well. Something you could try every 6 months or so.Parking is tough they have very limited spots on this end of the mall.
5	Arizona is very hot.  This is the perfect snack on a hot summer day.  Very well made.  Excellent.
4	I met the friendly owners at an event and sampled some of their creations.  Theres a lot of competition but hope they do well!
2	Taste a little like out of a box.  Sorry, just felt unimpressed and peeved that I bought this.  I'll continue on with my cupcake quest.
5	Apparently, Yumminess is in the mouth of the beholder.  I LOVE Caketini and make a point to stop by every time I am at the mall.  I keep reading other posts comparing them to Sprinkles...me personally, I dont like Sprinkles.  I think that they are small, chinzy on frosting, dry and overpriced.  Caketini, on the other hand, has large, soft cupcakes with lots of great frosting which is not a buttercream or a whipped...its kind of in between so its not too sweet but very light.  My favorites are the Salted Caramel and the Coconut.  The Caramel cupcake has just enough salt that you get a little crunch.  I would say to try it for yourself and make up your own mind....By the Way, there are 2 locations at the mall:  a kiosk by H&M and an actual store upstairs by the entrance to Nordy's.
4	I had a celebration cupcake from caketini's stand at the fashion park.  The cupcake was beautifully decorated.  The frosting was superb.  It was  not too sweet nor was it a large glob on the cupcake.  The cake underneath was moist.  Be prepared to pay close to 4 dollars for one cupcake.  I cannot say any cupcake is "worth" that amount, but it was pretty tasty.
5	Coming from an avid dessert eater....these are hands down the BEST cupcakes in Scottsdale.  I have tried them all folks... Sprinkles, Gigi's, Cupcakes... Caketini is the best in terms of quality and value.  I actually do a ton of baking as a hobby, make my own frosting...blah blah blah so I'm very picky when it comes to the frosting.  You can always judge a good cupcake by its frosting. and boy do they have amazing frosting!!  Light, just sweet enough without leaving you feeling like your teeth are going to fall out.  The cake is always moist and delicious.  I make it a point to come here each time I'm at the mall.  Not to mention for the same price as many other cupcake bakeries, you get a jumbo, not standard sized cupcake.  Easily can be shared between two people.
1	Tiramisu is way too sweet (and why sugary, nondairy paste instead of mascarpone?) and the espresso can best be described as mud.
4	They have really yummy flavors.  Deeeelish.  The times we've been there, they don't have like a huge variety of flavors but definitely enough to get different ones for half a dozen, maybe a dozen.  THat's good enough for me!  Pretty big cupcakes.  I think I'd rather have mine smaller but the flavors I've had there are delicious.  We definitely like coming here for  a treat!
2	I kept going back, hoping it would be different... but this is the truth: the cupcakes have nothing special about them. For $3.75 each, I would expect them to use "better" or gourmet ingredients, but they taste too regular, too sweet, and even.. boring. I would rather cross the street to Sprinkles for a cute, tasty and satisfying $3.25 cupcake.However, they do have a good location for those who need a quick sugar rush while shopping. It is located right outside of Nordstrom on the 3rd floor.
1	If these cupcakes were sold for $1.00, I would've given 4 or 5 stars because that's what it tasted like. Overly sugary frosting that was too light (very similar to frosting on store bought cakes ) for over $4 I got a cupcake that looked great, but tasted like Betty Crocker or even like Frys grocery store. Boxed up piece of crap!
3	Eh, Caketini is okay.  I've been there a few times and the cupcakes are pretty good.  They are HUGE for one thing!  Definatly no complaints about portion.  The location I am closest to is in fashion square mall. . .which is right across the street from sprinkles.  ..If I am going to spend $4 on a cupcake. . .i'd rather go to sprinkles.  Theirs are tastier.  If the cup cakes cost less, I'd probably like it more but they are bit pricey for what you get.
4	I'm surprised the reviews aren't higher for Caketini. I stopped in and tried a strawberry cake pop, a chocolate hazelnut cake pop, a red velvet cake pop, and a coconut cake pop. The strawberry is very sweet, a little too much for me, but very good. The chocolate hazelnut is rich and so delicious - if you love chocolate, this is the cake pop for you. The red velvet and coconut were also very good.The cupcakes look so pretty; I can't wait to go back and try one.
4	I love cupcakes! I don't know who doesn't honestly... I am always down to try a cupcake shop at least once! Unlike Sprinkles this place did not fail! I love how big the cupcakes are, the first one I ever tried was the Salted Caramel one and it was super good! I had done all my shopping and I walked past the kiosk by the garages. So I stopped and every since then... I have been hooked. I got some of these cupcakes for my boyfriend's birthday he loved them too! :)
5	Delicious cupcakes made by the friendly Caketini girls! If you haven't tried the Creamy Coconut, Keylime, or Pumpkin cupcake then you're missing out!
1	Yesterday i happened by Caketini at Fashion Square near Nordstom's.  I was doing research for "wedding" cupcakes.  I tried the "Tuxedo" cupcake to take home.  The person behind the counter said the frosting was their "signature" buttercream- so I assumed it would be good.  When I got home I tried a small edge of the frosting. It tasted like Crisco! Not Butter. I love to cook and know what butter tastes like. This frosting is not butter.-I spit it out.  Not good.  The cake itself was ok.
3	The catch for caketini is the size. Extra large cupcakes that could feed 2-3! For me, the cake was delicious, most and tender but still fluffy. I was not so crazy about the buttercream. It was more dense whipped butter that still needed to be transformed into a finishing touch. Now I love butter in taste and texture, but Buttercream should transform butter into a rich, fluffy, heavenly accent. Maybe my standards are too high from the likes of cupcake war winners, but if you're gonna charge as much as they do, then I expect the same delivery and execution!
4	I'm all about Cupcakes & Hot Chocolate. I know, I know...it's still too hot to enjoy Hot Chocolate but I was craving a cup...to go along with my cupcake. Simply Delish!Before the Holiday madness, I wanted to enjoy a quiet moment with a few of my favorite things. Yep, I'm a fan! Cheers***
3	If you're a cupcake fanatic like me, you'll like this place!! Tried their red velvet cupcake (which is as big as a muffin, but very moist & awesome frosting. Gotta try this place!
3	I had a Oreo cupcake and a tiramisu one. the cupcakes are good but more of a muffin consistency than a true cupcake . The cream on top is good, but I've definitely had fresher.
2	Wasn't very good, got the salted caramel, and to my horror had a huge migraine on-set. Something about the topping tasted off and i am pretty sure there was MSG used in it. I would never eat there again, but gave it two stars because my friend seemed to like hers
3	We stopped here because we were in the mall and wanted to snack. My wife is a huge fan of cupcakes and we have never given them a try, so we stopped in. We ordered the tuxedo cupcake and a bottle of water. There were a few people in line, but the line moves quickly and when it was our turn the girl who helped us was very friendly. We got our food and sat at one of the tables just outside the store inside the mall. The table had a few crumbs on it from the people before us which I wiped down, but not really a big deal. The cupcake was a little bit on the dry side, but still tasty. The frosting taste it as though it were a version of Reddi whip. Overall, it was good, but I've had better from other places. I would be willing to give them a try again, just to sample some of their other options and see if maybe it was a one time thing.
3	Having passed this place up a few times while visiting the mall, we finally caved to the tasty looking offering in the displays and ventured into the store front. There was a bit of a line, but they moved through everyone quickly.  When our turn came we decided to split a classic butter cream frosted cupcake with chocolate cake. The tables outside were all a bit "used" looking and had pretty obviously not been wiped down in the recent past, but it was just cake crumbs and some water rings from drinks, so not the end of the world. We wiped our table off and sat out front so we could people watch - which is always fun at this mall.As for the cupcake itself, it was just alright.  Not the best cupcake I've ever had, not the worst cupcake I've ever had. Cake itself was a bit dry, frosting had little flavor to it for being a butter cream.  Considering it was several dollars for the one, we would skip this flavor if we went again.  Overall: B-Probably won't hit them up again with all the offerings that this mall has, both restaurants and food court, and Sprinkles across the street.
1	My wife and I just jumped on to read the reviews for caketini and weren't at all surprised by what we read considering what just happened in our home.  Some of the reviews mentioned flies (gross), and were mixed regarding product quality, taste/texture etc.  You see I've been taking our 3 year old to the play place right next door to Caketini for a couple of months now and after playing with a friend today we decided to treat our kids to some cup cakes.  Our friend at the time felt bad her little girl didn't want to eat the cup cake but I bet she'll be stoked after I tell her what transpired.  To make a long story short, that was around 3pm and our little girl wasn't herself for the rest of the day.  I figured the heat was getting to her and justified to myself that this was the reason why she didn't want to eat dinner.  Well, as far as we're concerned Caketini owes us an entire bed set, comforter, sheets, the works, not to mention a sincere apology to our little girl.  You see, at 9pm on the dot, our 3 year old threw up violently all over our bed.  Classic case of FOOD POISONING!  To be fair, our little girl has eaten a cake pop from this place on two occasions while I waited for a fresh brewed coffee.  Coffee was good and apparently so were the cake pops but we won't be taking any more chances in the future.
4	Nice staff and great treatsHad some sweets as a reward for our daughter deciding to have her ears pierced and being brave throughout.  She wanted some purple cake pops in the case, but they were for a wedding the following morning.  So, the staff was really nice and dressed up a purple cupcake just for her at no charge.  Very cool customer service touch.Cupcakes are awesome, if too much for one sitting.  Suggest cutting it in half to save some for later, or sharing two people to one cupcake.  Unless you have a daughter like ours.  She'll eat a whole one with no problem.  And she loves their cake pops.  I also think there's too much icing.  My wife and little girls strongly disagree.
1	Two dollars and a dirty look from the teenage girl cashier for a bottled water. Good times.
4	Great tasting cannoli! A little pricy for the size though. Good as a one off desert when out with family/friends.
5	Our company ordered to cakes to be presented to our husband this weekend as a Birthday Surprise. The cakes were made beautifully looked better than anticipated and they tasted so wonderful. I had the peanut butter cream one made for my husband and it is a huge hit. So fresh and moist.. I think I might gain a pant size though!!!
5	I wish I could give more stars this place is amazing! The cupcakes taste like heaven, tried the key lime cupcake which is seasonal and was impressed. The service is fast, staff is awesome. Very accommodating and patient, if you're just not sure what to order.
4	Sucha cute little bakery located right next to nordstrom.  I had gotten the strawberry cupcake with an ice coffee ( perfect) and it was mighty huge.  It took me two separate sittings to finish it and it was quite YUMMY!  They also sell coffee and some hot sandwiches.
5	I bought a graduation cake for my son.  It was amazing.  It looked beautiful and was the most delicious cake I ever tasted - and I am a competitive baker!  A little expensive, but worth every penny!  Highly recommend.  They don't disappoint.
5	I was looking for a birthday cake with ganache as the topping: no buttercream. Caketini was the only bakery who could make that. (I called at least a dozen well known places in town).The cake itself was orange flavored and it was absolutely delicious. I highly recommend these ladies- they were a delight to work with, and very reasonably priced!
2	3.75 for a GROCERY STORE tasting cupcake. I want uniqueness and originality in my cupcakes and how its unique to that bakery. I was unsatisfied. Was boring and kinda dry. 2 stars for the size but its not worth the horrible bland boring taste. Go to 21 cupcakes on Indian bend and scottsdale (across from the railroad park) instead for melt-in-your-mouth cupcakes to support a great local business. Sprinkles is too dry and overrated for me and I don't recommend it.
1	I would recommend to NOT get coffee here. A group of us ordered drinks, all drinks had burnt shots, and the 16 oz drinks were half full. The barista filled half the drink with foam. Very disappointed.
5	Cannoli heaven! I love everything about this store! They have awesome cupcakes and great cake pops! Everyone is so friendly
3	I have tried a few things a Caketini at this point and I feel as though I can only honestly give them a three star review. Five stars for the french press coffee. It is delicious, very strong and bold flavor. I love this.Two stars for the cupcakes. I have tried a few now for different occasions. Salted caramel, celebration and chocolate. The celebration is probably my favorite of the three but overall I just feel like these cupcakes are way too sugary. I understand that cupcakes are supposed to be sugary but there is such a thing as too much. The butter cream frosting they use is just too overpowering for me. I would not go out of my way to come back for a cupcake here.
