4	Firstly, there are very few Filipino eateries in Phoenix, so I'll give props to this one here.Located in the rear end of an old plaza on 35th ave. & Thunderbird, you might miss it, so drive, and you will find it in the corner between a furniture store and Abacus Inn. Inside you will find amiable Filipinas that will greet and accomodate your current food cravings. I ordered the Pancit Palabok and was familiar with the rice noodles covered with orange-colored sauce, scallion, shrimp, chicharon and an egg to top it off. Puto was also served on the side. Not bad. My friend ordered shrimp sinigang. The broth was rightly acidic, infused with the natural juices of the whole shrimp (heads included...for those of you who care to know). Due to time constraints, I was not able to try any of the "sweets." I did spot some bibingka, an ube dessert, and some cassava...they also have other things like cannoli and cookies (but that's not the reason you're there. I'll surely eat here again, and will revise this review.But at the end, make sure to provide them with a "salamat", or thank you in return for their great effort to advertise Filipino delicacies, that Phoenix needs more of.
4	I live in a town where I can find 5 Filipino restaurants in a 5 mile radius. So when I came to Phoenix for work, I wanted to see what the Filipino restaurant scene was like.Like the previous reviewer stated, there are very few Filipino eateries. The supermarket that I found on my GPS was closed, so I found this one on Yelp. Overall, I would recommend to go to support the local Filipino restaurant.When you first walk in, you start in the bake shop area where you'll find cakes and pastries on display. I wasn't sure if I could seat myself, but I was greeted and seated. There were two other tables filled with about 8 people eating including myself. What concerned me is that 2 of the other folks were the only other Filipinos - as I tend to judge all ethnic restaurants by the number of people of the same ethnicity.But that logic doesn't seem to work here were the demographics of Filipinos seems relatively low.I was craving Sisig (grilled pork - which is my favorite at Ongpin in South San Francisco) - but they didn't have that. On the whiteboard, they had Sinigang na Baboy (pork) - so I figured I couldn't go wrong with one of my favorites.Since I was here on business, I figured I'll order a few other things including the shanghai lumpia (eggrolls), Halo Halo, and topped it off with Hot Pandesal.The Sinigang was served in a bowl with 3 pieces of boneless pork. The meat was very tender and you can pull it apart with a spoon and fork. The soup was a little on the salty side since they may have put a little more tamarind mix, but that I might just be a little oversensitive about my sodium intake.I couldn't help but think that I was eating at home or a family friend's house. Included in the sinigang was spinach, string beans, eggplant, a small potato, and cut onions. What was missing was dikons (those white radish things). It wasn't bad, and it wasn't exceptionally delicious because nothing compares to home made sinigang. But this would be the next best thing. I ate all the meat, and had quite a few eggplants left.The shanghai lumpia came out shortly afterwards. The portion was pretty large and I could have shared it with someone else. I didn't care for sauce that it came with. I wanted vinigar, but a filipino family came in and there was only one server.If you ever had Halo Halo at Ongpin, you'd find this lacking. It is served it a large plastic cup. What was missing is the ube ice cream. In fact, there was hardly any ube in it. There was a spoonfull of the leche flan, but I didn't finish it.I actually ordered the Pandesal later, this version was like two very large dinner rolls served with butter. The bread had a fresh out of the oven taste.The restaurant section was clean, with standard fare dining. There was a large flatscreen tv with TFC playing.Last week, when I ate there, they were just written about in the local paper, but I didn't get to read the review.They accept Master Card and Visa, but not American express.I would eat here again to try some of their other dishes not because I want to support my fellow Filipinos, but because the food is actually worth having again. I took some photos of each dish with my iPhone, so I'll have to figure out how to upload them.This is actually my first review because I was hoping to read more about Philippine restaurants in the area, I only saw this one. So I figured, I should also contribute!
5	Whoa, I am in heaven. A recent review for a place in Chandler made me NEED some Filipino food. Let me back track a few years. I worked with a guy who was in charge of hiring for a drug wholesaler, he liked helping friends and family. He was a Polish Filipino. Some of the family he hired were Filipino and would bring Pancit, Lumpia, adobo etc to the potluck type lunches we had. I would even go to family functions with them. I love Filipino food. There was a place near me that closed down and I was left with no where to go. I drove past CFB but at the time it was only a bakery...lame After seeing the review for the place in Chandler, I had to find a closer place. SO I YELPED... sure enough there it was CFB. It is only 6 miles from work...sweet. I roll in and expect to see a dive but instead see a very clean, and larger then expected dining room. Attached was a bakery full of delights. I ordered the Pancit with chicken and veggies. It was freaking good. No soy or spicy sauce ALL the normal flavors. I also asked if I could sample some of the Lumpia and it was perfect, fresh, hot, and awesome. I will be back for some Adobo and some pastry's. They have karaoke on Friday, and a live band on Saturday. So you are warned.
3	This is my second time at Casa Filipina. I was hoping that this would merit a 4, maybe even 5 star review, but alas, I was disappointed and even embarrassed that I suggested this place to a fellow yelper. I raved to Jetta R., "Oh this place is so cute! The food is amazing and the service was great! We should totally hit this place up for lunch." We walk in the door and were treated like I was on my first visit. Seated, given menus and place mats; water and silverware were promptly produced. We even had some of the curious dishes explained to us. Just a note, the food was really good, the first (and second) time I ordered the Bistek Tagalog. This time I felt it was lacking juiciness and the meat was difficult to cut with a fork (but the first time I ordered this dish it was so succulent it melted in my mouth.) One plus I didn't receive last time was the offer for a second helping of rice. I asked for soy sauce and the waiter said he'd be right back, he disappeared and then started talking with another customer for 20 minutes. Then Jetta and I decided to order dessert, it is a bakeshop after all! I ordered the Creme Brule, but when they came to clean the table off I wanted to save my spoon. The gentleman (whom I think to be the owner) said that he would bring me a clean one. Jetta, being the lady she is decided to wait until my spoon arrived. After 10 minutes of waiting I told her to dig in, finally while taking food to another table, the owner apologized for forgetting about my spoon. Usually I am one for forgiveness, but not when there are only four customers in your restaurant and Jetta and I are two of them. I can't believe how I went from super impressed to completely devastated. I want to try you again CFB, but I just don't know.
3	I hate having to give out three star reviews. For me, 1-star isn't the worst possible rating you can an establishment, a 3 is. Because 3 stars means it invoked no reaction to you, neither joy or disgust, no pleasure or pain. I'd rather eat at a really shitty place that I'll remember than a so-so eatery that I'll forget the moment I get back into my truck.If I want mediocre "take it or leave it" food I'll just cook for myself, kthxbye.As BFeF's (Best Frienemies Forever), Clarice W and I frequently have lunch together in the Peoria area. The decision on what to eat is usually made using the following criteria: Where haven't we been that we can yelp about?Our last lunch involved us going to Hope Kee and getting all wrapped up in their cutesy snack section and coming in late to work. So we needed somewhere relatively closer with no Hello Kitty gummi lips to distract us from our voyage back.Clarice suggested Casa Filipina, a Filipino place by the Lenny's Burger somewhere near but not necessarily 35th Avenue.We were welcomed in by the staff and taken immediately to a nice cozy table by the window. We were given our menus by the excited and talkative waiter I would come later to know as "that fucking guy". At first I was a little troubled reading the menu. I was once in a relationship with a Filipino girl that was so tumultuous and unloving that when I seriously thought of breaking up with her that my first thought "but  man, I love her mother's cooking...". But aside from the adobo and lumpia, I saw nothing else on the menu that I could recall from all those awkward awkward family dinners.I can't tell if this means there's more to the cuisine than I'm aware of or that said ex's mother was, as well as a good cook, a fucking liar. Either way, I'm glad I left her in the end anyway.I ordered the Dinguan, which translates as "chocolate pork".Don't be fooled by the name, all you saucy foodies out there thinking of that Iron Chef America where they made savory dishes with chocolate.Chocolate pork is actually pork cooked in pig's blood. I'll repeat that.It's pig's blood. It's called "chocolate pork" because the blood takes on a brownish-black hue after it's been cooked.After hearing this from that fucking guy, Clarice changed her original order (we even order the same thing! aren't we just the cutest!) to the Bistek Tagalog, which she was familiar with and knew she would like.All the entries come with at CFB is a side of ride. I'm not sure if it's jasmine, white, or saffron, because I always opt for noodles when given the option. And if you get that fucking guy, that rice doesn't even come with soy sauce. After serving us, he disappeared into the bakery, talking it up with some of the other customers. Clarice didn't get her soy sauce until after we had finished our entrees and were on our second helping of rice. Thankfully my chocolate pork came with a lot of sauce and I was able to dribble it on my rice. That's right, muchachos. We trannies prefer blood on our rice. You think about that the next time you try to tell us what bathrooms we can use, amigo.I couldn't taste the pork. All I tasted was the blood. They could've just dumped a quart of blood on my rice and called it a day. The texture was nice though.Clarice wasn't as fortunate with her dish. While I've tried to stay away from beef (it's enough of a commitment to keep my vegetarian brother off my back but not interfere with my eating habits), I had some of the Bistek, and it was passable. It reminded me of beef jerky, with its dry spicy roughness. Good, but not sure if that's how it's meant to taste.Moral of the story: Clarice's entree did NOT make its own gravy, which made eating her rice a little inconvenient. And seriously, JUST rice (really good rice, but seriously, how hard is it to make good rice)? Even my neighborhood so-poor-it-steals-its-recipes-from-other-restaurants Chinese place gives you an eggroll or wonton with your meal. As the place is so fucking proud of its desserts, we ordered some. Clarice got the Creme Brulee and I got the mango tart. That fucking guy was in the middle of bringing Clarice her spoon when he caught the attention of another customer, so we sat for a good few minutes waiting to dig in. In the meantime, I managed to come up with a name for the color of the filling in my tart : burnt earwax. My tart was about as tasty and edible as that term would imply.Clarice's creme brulee was good, albeit a little cold by the time that fucking guy came with her spoon.On our way out I learned that the bill had to be over 10 dollars before they would accept debit.After I imagined beating every one of the staff near to death with a rolling pin, I got an eclair to go.What I got was a bunch of whipped cream between two pieces of rock-hard pastry that you'd get at Fry's. Essentially, a diabetes sandwich.Casa Filipina isn't good. But it's not bad.That's the proble
3	My husband and I went here a few weeks ago because I didn't want to cook. The food was mediocre. The meat was tender; however, when it comes to taste...it just didn't remind me of the traditional home cooking. They're food had a twist to its flavor. The bakery section was a bit overpriced (but not too expensive)...but I guess that how it is when there isn't much Filipino food available around Phoenix.
5	Great food, great atmosphere, and awesome top 40 live band!!! A must for those who crave Filipino food!
4	*This review is for the Bakeshop.*Was in town, visiting my man for the weekend, and he was seriously craving Filipino food. Yelped it, and saw that there was Casa Filipina and Halo-Halo Kitchen. Because he wanted breakfast, we hit Halo-Halo Kitchen first... ...And to rectify our experience at Halo-Halo, we came to Casa Filipina after.We were greeted warmly by both employee and by, I think, one of the owners. We were going to pick up pastries to nosh on as we continued on our day's adventure. We picked up - cheese rolls, ube cheese rolls, ensaymadas and a halo-halo. Here's the breakdown:- Cheese rolls: SWEET HEAVENLY JESUS. These were insane!!! So good! Cannot describe in so many words how wonderful these were. Super fresh, sweet cheese filling from end to end, and considerably larger than Goldilocks'. You can instantly tell the difference on how fresh baked these were. We purchased 1/2 dozen to share with his roommates, and yeah, they never saw them...-Ube cheese rolls: Really good. Had a great ratio of ube to cheese, and really really tasty.-Halo-halo: Really, yum... just wish it had more ingredients. But that's just me. It was a lot of ice, and maybe a little less than 1/4 of cup of the mix-Ensaymada: Little disappointed in this one. I think I'm more used to it be a brioche type pastry with sugar, cheese and butter. This one was more of a heavier roll, and seemed a little stale. I warmed it up in the microwave to soften the bread and melt the cheese, but still tasted not-so-fresh.We learned that they served breakast, and make their longanisa in house from the owner, and after those cheese rolls, we'll definitely be back!
3	Anytime I each Filipino food outside of my own or family's own kitchen, I'm always nervous about what surprise im in for.In this case, it was a good treat. Being in an area away from home, I wanted something close to home cooking. The food was good (not the best, but not horrible).   I would come here again
4	I always like to venture out and find different styles of food from different ethnic backgrounds. I just moved into the area and thought I would check this place out. I have to say that I enjoyed my visit here. The food was very good and although I can't compare with a home cooked version of the food I did enjoy what I ate and its also a bake shop, which allowed me to try the ube cake, which its now my favorite cake. I have been back there several times and bring guest when they come to town to visit and they enjoy the food as well. I look forward to visit this restaurant/ bake shop again
4	The fiance and I were on a mission to surround ourselves with some comforts from home since we were unable to be home with our families in Cali on Easter. We decided to find a Filipino restaurant and see if it could compare to our mom's famous cooking (nothing ever does though, right?)We had the choice between Casa Filipina and Halo Halo Kitchen which are only a few blocks apart. For no known reason we decided to go with CF if only for the fact that it was closest to us at the time. This is not in our home area so it's unfamiliar territory for us but we ventured on until we found it in a run of the mill shopping plaza with a Big Lots (a nice bonus since it was actually open on Easter so we got to do some after lunch browsing).We didn't know what to expect from CF but we know we weren't disappointed. The small bakery opens up into a pretty good sized restaurant with a good amount of tables. There were several other parties there including what looked like an after church Easter family gathering of about 12. Good sign #1.We were greeted warmly and seated right away. We were surprised at the menu choices and excited about the options they had. Of course, there are some Filipino dishes we wished they had but hey, you can't have everything. What they did have was pretty darn good.We ordered the sisig [see-sig] (sauteed bits of pork with onions) and the pancit malabon [pon-sit muh-law-bone] (noodles with sauce, hard boiled eggs, shrimp and cruched chicharon, or pork rind chips, on top). I also got sago to drink (sweet syrupy drink with tapoica pearls and sweet rice jelly) b/c it made me think fondly of family parties when my dad would always make a punch bowl of the stuff. The food was flavorful and offered good portion sizes. It came with a hefty scoop of white rice, naturally. The entrees also come with a piece of sweet rice bread called puto - i know, i know, not the best name for those of you who speak Spanish but that's what it's called, really! Random factoid: I learned this little double meaning when I got in trouble in 3rd grade for bringing puto to my class for the multicultural pot luck. Much explaining was done at that time too so I figured I'd include it here. Just an FYI.One thing to note is that the food will take a little while to come out so be prepared. The server warned us in advance and was very apologetic about the wait but I have to say this....every Filipino restaurant I have been to that has heat lamps and premade food has been wrong on so many levels. Legit Filipino food is not quick to make and not good when you make it in large batches and just have it sit there waiting for someone to order it. So, just be patient and know that it's worth the wait. Since we are constantly trying new places we will surely be trying other Filipino joints in the area but we will also be going back to CF for some good food to make us feel at home.
4	I have been wanting to try this place out for a few months now, so finally last Friday my mom & I decided to come here for lunch. When you walk in your eyes are immediately drawn to all the goodies in the bakery case. But we were here for lunch so we brought our attention back to that. We were seated in the dining room that was pretty empty, there were only 3 other parties. After scanning the menu we ordered the following to share: lumpia (crunchy pork eggrolls), pancit (rice noodles w/veggies & chicken that came w/puto-a sweet rice bread) & ginatang sitao kalabasa (string beans, squash & shrimp sauteed in coconut milk w/rice). The lumpia was amazing, so yummy! The pancit was delicious as well, great flavor. The veggie dish was my least favorite, however my mom loved it. Oh I also did not care for the puto. After we finished lunch we looked at all the treats again & decided to order some to go. I can't recall what my mom got but I got the following: cannoli, flan, cheese roll & siopao (steamed bbq bun). The cannoli was for my hubby & he enjoyed it. The flan was yummy but had a much thicker consistency than I am used to. I did not care for the cheese roll at all, I think if the cream cheese had some sugar added to it it would be much better. I had the siopao for lunch today & it was pretty good. After chatting with the owners (very sweet, husband & wife) we found out they offer line dancing every Saturday for $8. My mom loves to dance & is going to check it out this Saturday with a couple girlfriends. If she has fun I might even join her next time!
1	Started a yelp account just to complain about this place...Bought my grandma an order of kare kare and I was so disappointed...  since it was  a to-go order they asked me what size i wanted and i told them the medium size cup. it was $8 but since I figured the container was pretty big, it would be worth it. When we got our food, it was in a different container and we didn't open it til we got home. There were 2 small pieces of meat with a little bit of sauce. This measly portion could have fit in the small to-go container that was $3 cheaper. We called the restaurant to complain about the small serving size we got and the lady on the phone ask two asked us things that turned me from irritated and a little upset to angry and outraged. First she asked it we were regulars then if I was Filipino.Hmmm..I didn't know that their level of customer service was based on restaurant loyalty and nationality.  So what if I'm not a regular customer or Filipino? doesnt that mean they can give me smaller portions for the same price? I'll never eat at this place again!!
4	I went to Casa Filipina Bakeshop & Restaurant. I am no expert on Filipino food. I have only been to one in CA twice. I  want to find a place in Phoenix. Surprise there is one 7 miles from where I live. They are located in a strip mall. You may miss them unless you was looking. Very simple lay out. Has a home feeling. Nothing fancy. Clean. As you enter you pass a glass case with very good looking pastries. An extremely nice young man showed me to a table. It was about 4:30pm so I was the only person in the restaurant. He asked if I had eaten Filipino food before. I told him only twice before and I would need help. He suggested the beef steak. Prepared in a sauce with onion and potatoes. No processed taste, genuine home cooked meal.  Very taste. There was a salad of fine noodles. I did enjoy everything I had a dessert of Ube and a cup of coffee. When i left everyone invited me back. It was only about 5:15pm by now and they were setting up for a band that plays there on Fridays. I have been to a lot of places to eat. The people here made me feel at home and welcome. I am going back. Probably tomorrow for lunch or dinner.I gave them 4 stars. I will probably change this to a 5 next review.
5	Hands down the best Filipino restaurant in Phoenix, probably in Arizona. The staff went above & beyond catering to my mom and aunt (who's natives of Sebu) ensuring they feel right at home. Food was authentic and the atmosphere is inviting. Tess is the greatest Filipino pastry chef (even though she didn't have any Pandesol) ! Live music with singing and dancing ensures you'll definitely come back.
5	Talking about authentic filipino food! Coming from SoCal where there is a filipino restaurant in every "kanto"/corner, their food is really good. We had the sinigang na baboy, bistek tagalog, binagoongan and pinakbet, for desert we ordered the halo-halo and chocolate cake. They are delicious and the kids loved the halo-halo. Couldn't help eating too much rice with all those food. While eating we were entertained by a live band and you could even jam with the band and sing to your hearts content. The owners Tony and Tess are doing a great job catering to the filipinos there in Arizona. Too bad I missed the line dancing, that would have been fun! Oh, did I mention that they have a good selection of filipino pastries and bread? Wish I could come back there soon and try their ube cheese cake, it looks yummy!
4	Really amazing traditional Filipino food. I give it 4 stars for being a hidden gem with dynamic range of taste and family friendliness. Coming back!  Apparently there is live music Friday nights and Sunday afternoons.
5	Best Filipino food I've had outside of the Philippines--better than some IN the Philippines, for that matter. The Denuguan is monster delicious. I've literally been going there every few days since I got to Phoenix.
5	Heard about this restaurant from a friend and I was amaze by the food and their friendly service. I tried the chicken adobo and it was amazing! The chicken came apart with no effort and it had a great honey glazed taste. The portions were a good amount for their low prices. I couldn't  get enough of their amazing dessert!
4	Yummy! If you like filipino food this place is like eating in your aunties kitchen....down to the plates and silverware.Kawali is yummy, kare kare is awesome.....shanghai lumpia is a thumbs up!!! The bakery is a visual stimulation! If you're feeling like home cooked food but don't want to slave in the kitchen.....definitely worth the stop......
3	I had high hopes for this place after seeing its YELP ratings.  Being married to a Filipina we are always watching for good Filipino restaurants.  After visiting here we're still looking for one.  But their bakery is awesome!  So this review is mixed.Pancit and rice came standard with the entree. Portions are filipino size (that is, similar to restaurants in the Philippines - a bit small), but not outrageous.The food was very average.  The caldereta tasted like American beef stew, and it shouldn't have.  It wasn't bad, but if you know caldereta you know this was much too bland.  The sinigang was OK, as was the fresh lumpia (sariwa), and pinakbet.  Nothing special, though.  The staff made up for it a bit, being very nice and friendly.  The sago gulaman also was good.So the restaurant is 2 stars.  Better than Jeepney Bistro, but that's not a very high bar to clear.The bakery is a solid 4 stars.  They have cannoli (Italian), puto, leche flan, pan de sal, pan de leche, fruit tarts, mamon, bibinka, and more.  We tried their pan de sal and pan de leche, both were excellent.  Their "chocolate mousse tower" was fine.  The puto was very good.  We bought several more items that we haven't tried yet (like the ube cheese roll).  But so far the bakery items have NOT disappointed!!I can't see driving all this way for their food (we live in Gilbert, this is almost in Glendale), but I can see doing it for the bakery.  As good or better than Golidlocks (the standard for most Filipino baked items).
4	I've eaten at many Filipino restaurants (my wife is Ilocano) but few have the combination of service and food this place does. It is small and homey like most of it's kind. But the staff made it feel like home. The owner greeted us, we were immediately seated. The menu wasn't exceptional (short, with standard selections) but food was delivered quickly. The bistek and adobo were excellent, served with rice and pancit. We were offered free desert if I joined in with the karaoke, but I did the other guests a favor and declined. The bakery was filled with interesting variations on Filipino favorites. I wanted to take the whole counter home. Wished I live closer, I would be a frequent customer. Highly recommended for aficionados of the casual Pinoy dining experience.
4	Have been here 2 times now... 1st time, I ordered 2 Entrees i thought would be a great gauge to measure their authenticity and style..Binagoongang - great , fresh,, a little too pungent for me to bring to work and eat in the office, but none the less deliciouso. Ate it in my car in the office parking lot..Beef Kaldereta - also Great adn the  veggies fresh,, only down side was potatoes easily turned to mush when trying to fork them :P..Only 3 miles from work will go here weekly..Last trip Pork Menudo - Meat and flvors awesome,, this time the veggies seemed a little dehydrated, well the carrots.. but that didnt hinder from the dish being great.Will be back.... Please oh Please add Pork Adobo to the menu or humba ?:PSee you next week at Casa Filipina !! Kain Tayo!
5	I love the food here. I was born and raised in Manila so I have been homesick for Pinoy food. Everything at this place is baked or cooked on premises from scratch. I had the lechon kawali and it was crispy good. I have tried the dinuguan ("pork chocolate stew") with rice and puto -- deelish! My American fiance loves the Pancit Bihon Guisado. We both love the macapuno tart and the special halo-halo. This is a rare sit-down Filipino restaurant with friendly servers. The rest room is clean, complete with amenities like hair spray. We are on our way there today for our nth visit and don't mind having to drive from North Scottsdale. We stop by Fry's Electronics while we're there as it is nearby and we kill 2 birds with one stone. Malinamnam!
3	Service is great, the food is just OK but the prices is steep for the portions. Good variety of filipino food. Plus is the bakeshop.
4	Almost as good as mom's cooking! Everything was delicious and I loved the little band that was playing while we ate. I would have probably given them 5 stars if they let me sing karaoke...
5	I had never tried Filipino food, but my friend recommended it, so I tagged along. Wow! This is amazing cuisine! The bakery items are delectable as well.I tried the Pancit Melabon, which is a dish consisting of thick yellow egg noodles mixed with pork rinds (I had them hold the pork rinds, since I don't eat pork) and topped with shrimp and boiled eggs. It was served with puto, a delicious rice cake. The portion was huge and the flavors were wonderful. It was served with a plate of white rice and a generous portion of ramen-like noodles (I'm not sure what they are called). The price for this dish was only $7.99 and it was a huge portion. My friends tried the binagoongang fish (milk fish) and barbequed pork and they both raved about their meals.We were all tempted by the wonderful bakery display. I tried the butter pecan cookie, which is like a large Mexican wedding cookie (yum!) and my friends had the cannoli and the ube cheese roll, both of which were excellent. Next time I want to try the chocolate mousse tower, which looked rich and delicious. The restaurant itself is nothing fancy. The food and the friendly service are the highlights, although I hear they have entertainment and karaoke on Friday nights.
4	I have to say that this Filipino restaurant caught me by surprise. It's one of the better ones that I have been to including the ones out here in Socal. The food just had the right taste, without the added greasiness or the added msg. Not only that, but they didn't skimp out on the meats. The meat was really meat not just innards. That made me happy. The only thing I found awkward was that the rice came portioned to each plate.. and if you wanted more, you had to ask. I don't know of any other restaurant that does that and if you are conscious about your carb intake this would be a good thing for you, but for someone like me, it felt awkward. Overall great restaurant and if I'm in Phoenix, i'll be by to have more tasty food! :) (We had the dinuguan, lechong kawali, kare kare, pancit malabon i think, sisig and crisp pata) yep and all of them good!
4	Came here on a saturday night with a filipino friend.  The place has a small filipino bakery with decent varieties of goodies.  We ordered sisig, pork sinegang, dinuguan.  It was good! on saturday night, this place will have a line dance and on friday night, they will have a filipino live band music playing in the restaurant.  It was fun and definitely will go back!
5	It's tough to find good non cafeteria-style Filipino restaurants, and this one definitely impressed. Had to have Kare Kare (my all-time favorite dish) and Lechon Kawale. Very, very good. Had some halo halo, of course, and I gotta say the best part was the leche flan. Had to grab some cheese rolls to take home. Service was friendly and we'll definitely return.
4	3 stars for the two dishes I got. 1 extra star for great customer service.  I came in looking for comfort food from LA so thought I would try the easy go-tos.  I got the Pancit (not the Pancit Melabon) and lumpia.  Both were ok.  For the pancit, I don't need it drenched in sauce but this one was pretty plain like others said.  I should have tried the Pancit Melabon but I was craving the other pancit.  The lumpia were fresh and good but nothing out of the ordinary.But if anything, the staff were great.  Very accommodating and nice.  Based on the reviews, I need to go back and try the Kare Kare, halo halo, and Pancit Melabon and a whole lot of other things that I didn't take the advice of other yelpers on.  Oh well, you learn.  But def. want to go back. For those craving turon (banana egg rolls), they do make them sometimes but not every day.  Darn!
4	Brought my family here. I'm glad that the staff spoke Tagalog so that my mother could talk with them natively. We ordered a lot of food and it was very good and affordable. We'll be back!
4	Situated at the corner of 35th Avenue and Thunderbird next to a pawn shop, this place is definitely a hole in the wall kind of place. The owner of this restaurant was orignally a renowned pastry chef, and now she has come into her own and expanded into a full blown restaurant and pastry shop. Her family is so friendly every time I visit and you can tell she loves to watch people enjoy her homecooked style Filipino foods.Desserts:     Halo Halo (mix-mix) dessert is amazing here! The flan is so perfect within this dessert too!     Ube Cheese Rolls - These are made with Ube (a purplish taro plant type) mixed with a cream cheese type filling. Oh my frickin' gosh, I love this to pieces! The thin flakiness of the dough blends perfectly with the cheese and ube filling!Entrees:    Adobo chicken - order a large size of this and you won't be disappointed - even those afraid to try new flavors. This will be a favorite.   Calderetta - she usually cooks this dish with beef and potatoes - almost like a slow cooked stew that can be poured over white rice   Pancit Bihon - My favoirte type of pancit. It's the thin noodle style with veggies and usually a meat like chicken or pork or both   Pancit Malabon - My dad's favorite type. It has thicker noodles and comes with mini shrimp and hard boiled eggs. My 2nd favorite type of pancit.   Kare Kare - Here it's made with beef or pork. My mom used to make this dish when I was growing up with Oxtail. It's a type of peanut butter stew with meat, eggplant and green beans. I know it sounds strange, but believe me, if you're on the adventurous side, you can learn to love this dish too.    Fried chicken - This is delicious fried chicken! I thought it'd be more similar to that type of fried chicken you get at Chinese restaurants that's cut up into small pieces and looks dark brown almost reddish, but it turns out this is good 'ol Alabama style fried chicken. I didn't expect to find this on the menu at all which was funny, but I think it'd taste awesome for breakfast with some waffles!That about sums up my favorites at this place! And believe it or not, they actually have online ordering, so you don't have to worry about pronouncing anything over the phone if you're ordering to-go orders! Better yet, sit down and eat food while ordering food to go!
5	Reminds me of home made.
4	We enjoyed several plates here.  By far my favorite was the pork belly of course.  I love bacon so pork belly is a must. The pork belly came out cut up in perfect two bite morsels for me.  A nice crunchy top with a soft underside is a great mix of meat goodness.  The sauce is on the sweet side, but not so much that it takes away flavor.  Plus it is a great sweet sauce for the meat.We also had the Pan cit Malabon, which has a spaghetti type noodle that is cut up.  I mean the texture and thickness reminded me of a spaghetti noodle.  The shrimp was only ok, as noted by a dinner guest on mine.  I cannot comment as I am allergic to shellfish.  I did chance the noodles since the top is sprinkled with pork rinds.  Interesting, but not my first pick next visit.The fired chicken was good, very crispy, but for the $7.99 price 2 pieces of chicken was not what I expected.  With everything else on the larger side I found this to be lacking in value for my dollar.We also sampled the flan dessert, which was creamy and sweet.  Nice mix and most likely I would try again.  I also tried the Halo-halo which my first experience.  Nice dessert that I would go for again.  A mix of sweet, ice and a small slice of flan on top.  All enjoyed in a plastic cup for you to enjoy for at least a half an hour of mixing ice with the sweet bottom mix.  If you are in the area and craving a great Filipino food experience stop here.  I will try some other dishes next time I am in the area.
3	I was really hoping to love this place, but I thought it was only okay.  We moved to AZ from Northern CA where we exposed to plenty of Filipino cuisine. I was looking forward to home cooking like what my husbands frat brothers and sorority sisters used to share, but it's not really what I got.  We ordered the fried chicken, which was regular fried chicken.  It was only two or three pieces.  They were fine.  We also oredered the pancit with the big noodles and shrimp on the top.  The shrimp had a weird taste.  I didn't love the noodles either.  I enjoyed the pork belly.  It was crispy and came with a nice gravy.  I would order it again.  My son ordered the flan and really liked it.
4	Got the dinuguan (pork blood stew) for my director for his birthday bc he was craving good Filipino food from home. Even though he didn't get it till the next day, he scarfed it up and loved it. Figure that's a good sign.
3	Cool live music at the restaurant that was quite good. The menu is very old and needs to be updated to describe true prices of desserts and the real timing of karaoke night (Saturday). Good dinner food. Pancit and puto were my favorite. The mousse tower was really good, the ube torte was blah but the cannoli is where everything went downhill. It was absolutely disgusting, possibly overstaying it's welcome, sour, and the worst cannoli I have ever tried.
5	This is the only Philippine's Restaurant in Phoenix that you can find the best Chicken Adobo, Lumpia Shanghai, Bihon and Halo2 dessert. Very nice service and friendly restaurant owner, Tony. They have tons of fresh bakery too... yum! and yum! I wish my mom has bakery store like them.
4	Good service, Decent food, Delicious Deserts! Would definitely recommend the Tiramisu or Lechon!
5	Ube everything!! And for those of you who don't like or don't know what ube is, everything else is fresh and delicious.
4	Freaking adorable place!!!  I am always interested in trying new things and food from the Philippines was no exception. A friend and I stopped by to check out their baked goods and were greeted by a super friendly gentleman at the counter. I ordered a coconut torte, a slice of purple cake for my son, a regular cheese roll and 2 Purple yam cheese rolls. My 4-yr old couldn't contain himself and wanted to gobble up his cake on the spot. We sat down and i tried my torte. Super hard, but it had a good flavor. Wouldn't buy again. My friend had my try her cheese roll and it was amazing!!! Perfect amount of sweetness. We decided to try some food while there. We all shared a plate of pacit and lumpia and were very happy with our selections. The woman who attended us was very sweet and friendly. Later in the day I tried my purple yam roll. Flaky and sweet with a slight hint of taste of cream cheese. I can only imagine how yummy they taste a few min after coming out of the oven... Will def come back to try the shrimp lumpia and chicken adobo in the future as well as get my fix of purple yam cheese rolls!
4	This place is great giving you real comfort food from the islands; I come here at least once a month! Oh, and don't forget about the pastries because they have an amazing bakery...try the mango cake, you'll die and go to heaven ! ;-)
5	This is the best food in town !!! Everything is perfect prices and quality of the. Food and the pastries to die for it , the owners go out there way to make feel home I if you really want some fresh food this is the place to go.... Amazing
4	Yummy yummy in my Filipino tummy!I was so stoked to find this little gem close to ASU West. I've been deprived of great Filipino food since moving to AZ but this place felt like home.I walked in before class to grab a quick snack. I ordered two siopao (pork buns) and a mango juice. The service was really quick. And I got everything within minutes. The siopao came with a bit of the pork gravy to dip it in. Oh man, it was drippy, sticky and oh so good. It made me miss my mommy's cooking. The mango juice was refreshing and went well with my meal.I almost can't wait to go back to school on Monday so I can make another pit stop there.
5	Tony and Tess,                                                                                                                    Thank you so much for being able to accommodate our requests for the amount of food that we ordered for our recent holiday party!  Great food and deserts.                   My favorites dinner choices are the beef steak, panzit, and of course the appetizing egg rolls!  For desert, I always choose the panocha!                                                       We were truly impressed that you were able to pull this off  with what  I would consider "short notice"                                                                                                                                    . I  happily and proudly recommend Casa Filipina for as much as a simple desert, to an evening dinner, or for an elaborate holiday party! You won't be disappointed. Thank you again Tony and Tess, and to your staff.                                                    Sincerely, Paul Tillwach
4	I like Filipino food. This place has a great selection of meals, snacks, and desserts. Yummy stuff.
4	I was craving some Filipino food without having to make it myself. I assumed that there wouldn't be many Filipino places near me; but a two-second search through Yelp proved me wrong. I ordered a variety of stuff to get a general feel of what this place has to offer (no, I didn't eat it all---I have lots of leftovers to enjoy later). I ordered the chicken adobo, pancit palabok, and 3 types rolls--guava with cheese, ube, and plain cheese fillings.I agree that the food has a home-cooked feel, so do not expect some fancy or gastro-pub meal. The adobo tasted great, just like how my mom makes it. There were sides of pancit and rice; both tasted fresh. I wasn't particularly fond of the pancit palabok; there was too much egg in it, but I'm real picky when it comes to preparing the dish.I ate a third of the roll with the guava and cheese filling. It was delicious! There is a sweet cheese and guava jelly that melts together well with the flaky crust. I imagine if I had this when it was freshly baked or even heated up, I would have enjoyed it more. I have yet to try the other two, but I think I will like them too. The two people who took my order and packaged everything up were really nice. Then there was the one remark 99.9% Filipinos say to me, "But you're so tall!" One of them told me to come to karaoke on Fridays to make friends; haha, cute. The restaurant looks like a Filipino home that happens to have a couple of bakery displays. So again, nothing fancy but I'm OK with that.
5	FANTASTIC FOOD & PASTRIESFirst off I want to say that I am not Filipino but my wife and her children are and they just loved the food and atmosphere at this tiny local restaurant/bakery shop.  I have been searching for some time now, trying to find a Filipino Restaurant that my wife would approve of.  When we were last in Las Vegas, she wanted us to go back to Pinoy Pinay which she stated was her favorite place to eat Filipino foods in the US.  Glory be!!!!  Now I do not have to take her all the way to Las Vegas for her native dishes anymore.  We made a trip into Phoenix to try this small Filipino restaurant/bakery that I came across on the internet.  The reason for the trip was that it was her son's birthday and I thought that it would be a treat to get out and about.... we live in Casa Grande.  (I actually wanted a Mango Cake for his birthday and the internet stated that they had them here.)  Immediately, my wife and kids felt at home. (Her children just arrived from the Philippines in July of 2013.)  Looking at all of the beautiful pastries in their showcase was just too much for this guy to contain.  We sat down and I had the kids order what ever they wanted to eat.  While waiting for the dishes, I decided that maybe we should try the different tarts in the showcase.  I ordered one of each for them to try and we loved them all.  After a very filling lunch, the Mango Cake I had requested with a birthday greeting on it was served at the table and the staff sung him "Happy Birthday" which was totally out of surprise.  But we were too full to eat any part of the cake so we boxed it up to take home.  But we could not leave without those yummy tarts, so I ordered 3 of each to take home with us.  Our son had a piece a bit later and he stated that it tasted like a "piece of Heaven", and that is coming out of a 19 year old teenager.  Imagine that!  All in all, the 1 hour trip to Phoenix for this wonderful and tasty meal was well worth the time and effort and we will be looking forward to visiting this small piece of the Philippines in the near future.  Casa Filipino Bakeshop & Restaurant, thank you for the wonderful food, service and atmosphere.  And even though I am not a Filipino, I will not hesitate in bring my family back to your restaurant to enjoy all the "wonders" that you serve.  (In fact, my daughter's birthday is coming up in March and she has already requested a return visit to your restaurant.  Maybe even on a night when you have live entertainment.)  Thank you again for your kindness and consideration while we were with you.Signed - Former Pinoy Pinay Customers
5	Update, not one piece of the pastry went to waste.  Real mango in the cake.  One complaint from me....... they did not leave me any of the treats that had ube in it... sigh.  LOL
4	This is a nice small place, very friendly staff. The food here is pretty good, I got some sisig. The last time I had sisig i was actually in the philippines, so I feel me comparing the two would be unfair.  :)Be prepared for some karaoke if you go.
5	I've been going to Casa Filipina for about four years and have always been pleased with the food. I've tried a variety of dishes like the Crispy Pata, Adobo, Caldereta, Menudo, Pancit, Chicken Inasal, etc.  They have Karaoke on Friday nights and a small three piece band plays on the weekend. They tried to get me to sing Karaoke but it takes more than a couple of bottles of liquid courage to get me singing.My favorite dish is the Menudo. This is made with pork, carrots and potatoes served in a sauce. This dish has a similar look to the American Beef Stew dish. In addition, they serve this meal with rice and Pancit Bihon. The best way to eat this dish is to dump the menudo on top of the rice. I always say "Masarap, Busog na ako" after eating this meal. Did I mentioned that they give you plenty of food? They give you more rice if you run out of it, but I have never had that problem.They also run a bakeshop that has all of the traditional Filipino sweets. My asawa especially enjoys the Halo Halo. And she always loads up on the sweets to take home for future consumption.The Husband and wife team that own Casa Filipina do a great job and keep the prices fair. So check out Casa Filipina, you're taste buds will thank you.
5	Just had lunch @ https://www.facebook.com/casafilipinaphoenix with chef Toni, yummmmmmy and great company,him and the wife are doing a great Job to take care of the people ,not only serve them.I got some Lumpias((better then spring rolls) to cook it myself at home for my family,yes they sell it to as take out,now gone have to make the sauce to go wit it
4	Here's what I ordered:1) Kare Kare Plate+ flavor was good+ portions were a good size- pork meat was used rather than ox tail (kare kare is made with ox tail and not pork)+/- the plate came with pancit (I may be filipino but I don't like pancit period)2) Dinuguan- it was a bit salty+ good but just a lit to salty3) Halo - Halo- no Ube ice cream (it's not the same without Ube ice cream)- more shaved ice than the toppings (I had to dig deep in order to get to the stuff on the bottomThe employees are very friendly and helpful. Customer service is top notch.The baked good look so delicious--I wanted to purchase all of them. NOTE: they bake all their goods in the restaurant and DONT have it delivered like other filipino restaurants.I'll give this restaurant 4 stars.
3	The food and bake goods are just ok.  Enjoyed the music though.
5	Just had dinner and enjoyed it AGAIN! The Chicken Insasal is perfect! I had it last time and my love for cooking, I tried to make it at home. Not as good as Casa Filipina. We had Chicken Adobo this time and it is just like Mom and Dad makes at home in Southern California. But the desserts is what we go there for. The Tiramisu is awesome and I tried the Ube Mousse, which as really good. But the Halo Halo is the BEST.
4	Mmmmmmm!  Had the Bistek and it was very good, had a deep gamey flavor and I loved it. The rice was cooked perfectly.  The Lumpia were excellent and came out insanely hot. The chicken Adobo was really tender and flavorful.  The young man who waited on us was excellent. He was incredibly polite and attentive. I'll definitely return whenever I'm anywhere near this place. Ask your server for the banana ketchup.
4	Food and service were great. Had some Pancit and Lumpia and finished with a creme brulee. People were very friendly and maybe the owners. Will definitely go back. Nice selection of deserts both Filipino and European.Only thing I couldn't figure out was there was a sign for a $5.99 lunch combo on the window but the menu I was given mentioned nothing about lunch combo's. Would be interested to see what was offered and was going to ask about it but forgot to ask as I was leaving. I'll have to check it out next time.
3	Food:- Lumpia: 10 pieces of yummy Filipino pork eggrolls.  - Pancit Bihon: clear, thin noodles stir-fried with carrots, cabbage, and chicken topped with green onions. Tasted good but I wish there was more to it. It was basically all noodles with very little vegetables and chicken. More veggies would have been great. I didn't care for more chicken because it was dry. The dish came with a side of bread. It had the consistency of a moist cornbread. - Chicken Adobo: 3 pieces of boned-in chicken with marinated with garlic, soy sauce, and vinegar. Served with white rice. The chicken was flavorful and tender. Service: The waitress was friendly and polite. One of the ladies from the back, I'm not sure if she was the owner or the chef, came out to greet us and asked how our food was. She thanked us for coming and wished to see us back again. I thought that was really nice of her.  Final thoughts: Authentic Filipino food. I would love to come back and try their bakery.
5	Today, I was craving some Filipino food, so I went on-line, and selected the Casa bakery and restaurant.When I arrived, I was promptly greeted by "Tony" at the counter.  The first thing I saw was the delicious bakery items in the case on my right. Cakes, tarts, breads, Cheese rolls, cookies,  etc.  I selected the chicken adobo- from the menu on the wall that shows a picture of the entrees to select from.  So, I added some Shanghai rolls, and three coconut tarts to go with my three orders of chicken adobo.I took the delicious food,  which had been freshly prepared for me to my mom and a Filipino friend Cecile. We all absolutely loved it!!If you want a 10 star experience, try it out,you will not be disappointed! !Mike Larsen
5	Mind-blowingly good. The chicken dishes literally brought back childhood memories. Portions are appropriate and desserts were fantastic. Owners were especially nice.
4	The place is small but it's clean, the service is quick and friendly and the food was yummy! We tried the sisig, the pancit bihon and the lumpiang shanghai. All were well priced and very good. The sisig was not as good as the one I used to have as a little kid in pampanga but it was pretty darn good! Definitely worth coming back again!
5	Casa Filipina Restaurant and bakery is the best in the valley of the sun that every party celebration could ever have on an event anywhere. I couldn't get enough myself because the foods are very delicious that it makes me drool. Also the service is very excellent. They are dependable, reliable, and provide the best quality of foods ever. Thank you Casa Filipina for being their for me anytime. I appreciate it so much. You guys are awesome.
4	Finding new dishes is one of my way to complete my appetite.. And I thankful that Filipino dishes will be one of the best meal I've tried. I will surely invite my friends here. Thank you CASA Filipina!
4	This is the only Filipino restaurant I've ever been too, but it's awesome! Food is always fresh and staff is nice! Won't go anywhere else!
4	Well first impressions hot wish they had the air up more. Server was friendly. Ordered the lumpia and chicken adobo. Has a real mom and pop feel. But the focus is on the food not trying to be more then a hole in the wall restaurant and bakery. Tv was playing the Filipino station go figure. Appetizer came out quickly. Best part was it tasted the most authentic lumpia that I have tasted in the valley.Main coarse came out chicken adobo with rice and noodles. Now I choose this because 1 this is one of my favorite dishes to make my self and reminds me of growing up. If I had a last meal it would be chicken adobo. How did this compare... Close real close and to be fair to compare what you make at home is a little unfair because you know exactly how you like it. What was great it was full pieces of chicken bone in not cafeteria how many pieces can you make a chicken leg. Rice is rice so it was good. But the real surprise was the noodles. They tasted great. Chicken tender and flavorful just not like mine. I enjoyed the food so much I want to bring my grandfather and see what he says. And maybe it can remind him of home.
4	One of the best Filipino restaurant in Phoenix AZ. Very friendly staff. Desserts are amazing.
5	This is by far the best Filipino food around. The food is cooked from scratch by filipino's, which is awesome because most cultural cuisines around here are cooked By other nationalities. There is heart and soul in this place. There is obviously a karaoke machine and Filipino music =) The server was friendly, the owner was very personable and generous. The best part was the food. My wife and I ordered the bistec, caldereta, menudo, and lumpiag. Each dish came with rice and pancit. The Halo-Halo for desert! Yum! Just like home!
5	I need to make another trip here--the food is so worth it! The Calabasa dish is my all-time favorite, though the chicken adobo is also amazing. I tried the Dinuguan before because I had never tasted "chocolate meat" before--it was definitely interesting but I was surprised that I liked it enough to finish it (I used to be a vegetarian, so it's nothing to do with their cooking, just my usual choice in food is completely different)! If I want to keep my waistline trim, I have to limit myself to only one (or two!) of their baked goods, but they are super tasty :) **I ordered a special item cake for a work celebration, german chocolate cake, and it was very well decorated and all I received were compliments about how amazing it tasted--I tried 2 large pieces (my indulgence for the week haha) and even though it was rich, I was very satisfied. I wholeheartedly recommend ordering any cakes or special cupcakes, whatever, from the bakery here!**
5	Service was quick, the food was well portioned and delicious, and the price was fantastic. All you could want from a restaurant.
4	Good Filipino food.  No shortcuts. The Lumpia is very good.  The fried tilapia tastes good but the fish was small.
5	I've only been here twice so far.  First time I went there I got the carne a la filipina. The second time I went I got the carne a la filipina.  Get the carne a la filipina.  The plantains are a sweet break from the rich savory ground beef with that sunny side egg on top.  Try some baked goods too.  The eclair looks and tastes great.
