5	Chandler doesn't even know how lucky it is!  This restaurant is outstanding in every way!  Lowest priced pizza I've seen in AZ and the best-tasting!  Their sicilian (*you must order a whole tray) is out-of-this-world good!  The slices are huge and one or two will fill a hungry person.  The wing sauce is perfection, and I hear the chicken wings themselves are delicious.  Whether I'm walking up or calling in, the food never takes longer than 15 minutes to prepare, and it is *always* worth the wait!
5	This is the BEST pizza place in Arizona! Everyone I take here always says it's the most delicious pizza they've ever tasted. Reasonably priced, and delivery is always speedy.
4	Yous wanna go haves onna pie?This place has the best NY style I've found yet in the EV.  Thinner crust, perfect for folding in on itself and jamming it in your pie-hole NY style.  They use real Italian sausage and other quality ingredients.  Nice tomato sauce, just the right amount of cheese.  Big slices, 2-3 is the max per person.  My favorite pizza so far in AZ.
5	My absolute favorite when ordering in!  Of course, being a simpleton, I only get the cheese pizza, but it's sooooooo good!  Just the right amount of cheese and sauce with a great fluffy, yet crispy crust.  And you must try the cheesy breadsticks, which I think only come family style....aka, huge!  It's the size of a small pizza covered in cheese, but yet not too greasy.  Prices are cheap, we get an X-tra large pizza and family order of breadsticks, and it's delivered in a consistent 45 minutes for $25 bucks with tip.  When I'm in the mood for a pizza party on my couch - this is where I call.
2	Extremely overrated! I read all these reviews hoping to experience a slice of heaven and I can already tell you that Jimmy and Joe's, and Rays pizza is by far better.The crust had no flavor and it was a little too thick for thin crust. The crust had too much yeast and you got full after too slices because of all the air in the crust thanks to the yeast overdose.  The crust was also very dry and a bit hard. The toppings were good particularly the sausage.  The cheese gave it away as a phony.  The way you distinguish between a real NY style pizza and a fake one (like this one) is through the cheese. Real places make their own mozzarella or acquire the real thing.  Real mozzarrella should have an almost a rubbery consistency with a very salty aftertaste. If it tastes smooth and melts too evenly, it's not the real thing. I'm not saying it should clump but it should taste natural and this mozzarrela was not legit. In fact, it had no flavor The sauce lacked any zip to it. It was very plain and non acidic. The bottomline is this place is hype. It has a great sounding name. The menu offers plenty of options to make this place sound good and it's pictures and website are nice but the pizza is average. I would not come back here
5	I'm not from NY and don't claim that this is authentic NY pizza as I wouldn't know, but this is delicious.  What more can I say.  For me it is a tie with Buono's for the pizza, but Venezia's has better tasting Pepsi so it gets the nod.
5	GREAT pizza, and at a good price too.  They have a manhole-cover-sized 24-incher that's great for parties, and they sell $2 slices that come from this monster-sized pie, 1-2 slices enough for a nice, filling lunch.  The crust and sauce are great, everything is just right.  Great lunch specials too, and lots of good side items, like the best side salad I've seen in ages.  A solid 5-star recommendation.
3	I decided to try Venezia's out since it was the closest pizza place to where I live; the fact that they have delivery helps because for some reason some chains who will remain nameless do not cover my area.  I'll say that the pizza is a 4-1/2 stars.  I liked everything about it - but still felt that Nicantoni's sauce was better.  What I didn't like was it advertised a special for Friday nights and that price was not given to me despite stating the special when I placed the order.  No tip from me; you can take it out of the discount I should have got.  I think it's cool that they offer pizza by the slice - very cool.   Nice atmosphere.  Can see why it would be a cool place to be when the sun goes down - quiet and pizza!
3	Decided to try Venezia's based on the reviews from other Yelp reviewers.  Apparently, these other reviewers have never had good pizza because this place was pretty ordinary.
4	We recently moved to Chandler from Tucson and happen to be very close to Venezia's.  Our first couple nights in the new house were hectic and we hadn't unpacked any of our kitchen stuff, so we were looking for something that could be delivered.Venezia's was the first thing that came up on my Iphone Yelp app so we gave it a try.  Nothing exciting, just your standard pepperoni pizza.  The price was good, and even better, the pizza was quite good.The next night we tried some of their winds and other items and were equally happy with them.Venezia's will be our "go to" pizza place here at the new house, which is saying something, we never had that in Tucson.
3	Can't believe I haven't reviewed this place, yet!I used to come here at least twice a week, back in 2003 when I used to live in Maricopa and in 2004 when I finally moved to Chandler.  Venezia's Pizzeria was nearby the Chandler-Gilbert Community College (cool academic institution, IMO) I attended at that time.  I remember grabbing a $1 side salad at McDonald's and then heading over to Venezia's for a slice of crispy thin-crust cheeze pizza w/ spinach... those were the days!  :)  I really thought I'd reviewed this place, but this could've been pre-Yelp and during my Citysearch phase...Finally had a reason to stop at Venezia's for dinner a little less than three weeks ago, so I decided I'd try a whole order of white pizza, no sauce.  While good on its own, this pizza came to life w/ many dashes of roasted red pepper flakes, oregano, and parmesan cheese.  The thin-crust didn't fare so well- it was soggy before you could say "cheese" (pardon the pun!), but I managed.  Too bad this pizzeria doesn't serve wine... I urgently felt the need to balance out the grease w/ a glass of wine, so my next stop was an Irish pub on Boston and Arizona...
4	I've been eating at Venezia's on and off for a couple years now.  At first, the thought that kept going through my mind was "Man, this doesn't even come close to Jimmy and Joe's".Fast forward to today.  J&J's keeps raising their prices while the quality has gone waaaaay downhill, while Venezia's keeps tasting better and better to me.  I like it more than Barro's these days.The great things about this place are that the prices are very reasonable (in fact, we've noticed they've actually LOWERED some prices in the last year!), you can get slices from open to close, and the staff down there is really cool.  They know my wife by name now!It's great to know that we've got a more convenient place to go for pizza when we don't feel like waiting for and making the drive to Oregano's.
4	Venezia's recently expanded their restaurant, and they more than doubled their floor space. The pizza slices here are huge, like HUGE huge. They pizza is good, and they have 6 or so specials. The special that I have gotten in the past is the 1 slice with 1 toping, 6 wings, and a drink. While the pizza is good, the wings are not so much. They taste way too greasy, even for deep fried wings. Maybe its the quality of the oil they use, but it leaves a taste in my mouth all day after. For now on I will get the combo with the salad.
5	their Pizza and wings are the Bomb!!! you can dine in, take out, or have it delivered.
4	Woah! Now that is a slice of pizza! I met a friend for lunch yesterday at Venezia's and was happy I did. The place is great - small and quick. The pizza slice I got was HUGE and was not greasy which I have come to accept (unfortunately) with a lot of pizza in AZ. For a quick lunch you cannot beat this place. I'm going to be back for sure and maybe I'll try a sandwich next time. Overall: Price - excellentService - greatFood - very, very good!Location - not far from the freeway and easy to find.
4	First time customer, glad I tried them!  Not knowing what their pizza would be like and the fact that they served by the slice made my decision easy.  I ordered 2 slices to start with, one had bacon, tomatoe, mushroom and onions and the other had meatballs, peperoni and tomatoes.  They were excellent, the crust was thin but not like a cracker, had a nice chewiness to it with a bit of crunch.  Nice home made sauce, not sweet like some or too spicy like others.  My wife says she has found a new pizza place and I'm sure we will be regulars.  Our third slice had meatballs, anchovy and tomatoes.  We were amazed at the quantity and quality of the toppings.  Of all the toppings, the meatball was our favorite.  The slice comes off of a 24 inch pizza so it is plenty to eat at $2.25 a slice and 35 cents per topping.  They make one great NY style pizza!!!  On each table there was parmesan cheese, oregano, red peper flakes, garlic salt and salt and pepper.  Can't wait to go back.
5	I love their pizza. This is the first time I tried their pizza and I ordered their large mushroom and sausage and chicken wings and it was very good. I moved here from Cali to AZ and I tried Barros pizza and I thought their pizza was very good, but this pizzeria was even better, so I know where to order really good pizza. I had it delivered and they delivered by a timely manner. They also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find. So I would order pizza from this place in a heartbeat.
5	I was searching for great pizza... I found it.. I'm from Chicago and I must say this pizza is pretty good.. And I am a harsh pizza critic!! Try the white pizza!! AMAZING
5	Venezia's delivers!  I mean that in every sense of the word.  We were out looking around the area one day and found this location.  Since we had just eaten we did not stop but I put it in my memory banks for future meals.  I checked their website and found that they delivered to my area.  Yay!  There is nothing like good pizza delivery after a long day. I have ordered delivery many times from this location and each time they appear at my door in the alloted timeframe with my fresh, hot pizza exactly the way I ordered it!  I have never called them but used their online ordering system and it works like a charm.  My requests have always been fulfilled.  The delivery drivers deliver with a smile and are always courteous. As for the pizza.....YUM!  It is a New York Style pizza with lots of cheese and great, fresh toppings.  They  have Sicilian style but I'm kinda stuck on NY.  :)  They also have a children's menu.  My daughter is a picky eater and, while she like plain cheese pizza her favorite is black olives.  I can order the mini cheese and have black olives put on it for her and that works much better then getting a portion of a larger pizza for her.  She is happy having her very own little pizza.  Their salads are always fresh and crisp.  I have not tried their wings yet but I'm sure I will.  They have some great specials too.  If you are near one of their locations within their delivery area give them a try!  I'm sure I will go to this location at some point but their delivery is so great, I'm not sure when that will be.  Thank you for delivering Venezia's!!!
4	Best pizza in the East Valley that i've found yet.
4	I was interested in an inexpensive pizza place near where I live. Luckily this one is only about a mile from where I live. I went with my cousin, thinking initially what pizza shall we get? What toppings? What if she doesn't like this or that?Yet, they had specials for the slices. Either a slice and drink, add a salad or wings for additional price as well. For the slice choices it was either pick one topping or do the supreme slice. I opt'd for the supreme slice and salad. I also ordered a side of breadsticks with marinara sauce. My cousin got the slice with wings (hot).We didn't have to wait long for our food, I got my salad first and was surprised to how big the portion was. I was expecting a small bowl, but it was decently sized salad. Fresh greens and such, no complaints. Just the usual salad. Great ranch dressing. As for the pizza it was a large slice of pizza. Toppings were not overflowing, just the right amount. Pretty good pizza though. The breadsticks were fresh, hot, and fluffy. Buttered and seasoned alone was good enough. The marinara provided was decently sized as well, enough for all the breadsticks and some more. Overall the food was pretty great. I would definitely go back soon. They also have a lunch special for the slice combo, (times forgotten). Check it out.
5	I'm a pizza connoisseur from Joisey. The pizza is excellent. Based on the marinara and crust, I can assume that the sandwiches are just as good. I'll be trying everything, and looking forward to it. Just so happens its around the corner from my house, but I'd drive further for this thin crust goodness. I'll update as I try everything on the menu.
2	Stopped in about 730pm and got two pizzas to go. Service was friendly and the restaraunt was very clean.  The had two good size tv's with the Diamondbacks playing (and winning)! The pizzas were pretty average. We found that the simple pepperoni was much better than the supreme.  The supreme we ordered was a bit soggy..had to be from the toppings (although how I don't know because they were a bit sparse).  What really nailed this pizza as average/below average was the small amount of cheese they put on the pizza.  I could actually see the pizza base through the toppings, sauce and cheese.  Pretty disappointing.   I would probably give it one more try (everyone has a bad day now and then) but if I was in the mood for a guaranteed good pizza I'd probably just go over the nearby (within a few miles) Gilbert pizza.
3	Good not best , but close to my house so that is why we go here.
3	Extremely average pie. Don't get the 24" party pizza unless you are feeding a group of 8 year olds; something gets lost in translation I think in making a pizza this big.
3	I've never been to NYC, so can't really say how "New York style" this place really is.  I don't like it as well as NYPD.  Venezia's pizza is fine.  Right up there with lots of other chains (Domino's, Pizza Hut, Peter Piper).  Better than most of them, in fact.  It's a decent pizza.But in my opinion, if I wanted a pizza, this would not be my first choice.  Only a coupon would get me here instead of NYPD.  Of course, if I lived close to this and far from NYPD I might visit more often just for the convenience.
2	We tried this place out for the first time this evening we ordered what the menu said was an XL size pizza which turned out to be anything but XL  it turned out to be16 inch.  I ordered artichoke for the topping there were no hearts at all, just a bunch of cheap leaves.  The cheese and sauce were the kind you find on Mall pizzas - cheap and cheerful.   I did see someone heading out of the door as I came in with what they call their party pizza, this is a whopping 25 inches and I can see how for a party that would be fun - however according to the menu these seem to run at $32 which seems high given the quality.To review, this pizza is okay, most kids will probably eat it happily, as it tastes like the kind from most chain takeouts pizza joints.  But it is not gourmet and it is not authentic New York pizza like it claims.  If you are used to Gilbert Pizza or Flancers this is NOT going to be a good choice for you.
4	Arm length pizza. Having a hard time finding good slices in Arizona and coming from NY, I just wanted a nice place to have good New York style pizza. This place is it. Great specials for us broke students and cozy enough to watch the game and converse.
3	Based on the pizza alone, Venezia's would get 2.5 stars. It's just not as good as the other pizza joints that I've given 3 stars. However, they got our pie to us quickly on a busy Friday night, and it was cheaper than Papa John's. Unfortunately, it tasted just like Papa John's. When I asked my husband how he liked his slice, he quipped, "All that's missing is the garlic dipping sauce."Venezia's seems like a top choice for many people in the surrounding neighborhood and most of Gilbert PD. As for me, I'm going to keep trying to find my favorite local pizza place.
5	I eat here about once a week. You can't beat the lunch specials, especially on Fridays when its a giant slice of meat lovers, 6 wings (bone in or boneless) and a drink for 7 bucks. Pizza is always good. Now I'm just looking to find a partner to take on the giant pizza challenge with me, I want my picture on the wall!
4	This place is great!  From the service to the food, you won't be disappointed!  The prices are perfectly affordable!  Great for anyone on a college budget or static income.The pizzas range traditional to unique, and so do their sizes!  I am impressed how they taste good - even the next day (just reheat in your oven until the cheese crisps slightly).Their specials and deals are phenomenal. And they've won some awards for the best sandwich - or something like that.  That's right, they provide sandwiches and salads too!  I've had their salads.  I think it was the Greek salad. I was satisfied.I don't have any serious complaints.  It 's clean enough, including the bathrooms.  And they are charitable too! They have raised money for Childhelp, a nonprofit that aids in the prevention and treatment of abused and neglected children.I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars to leave room for them to do something that completely takes me by surprise. And then I can write an updated review to reflect that. :)  What would that "surprise" be?  Oh I don't know.  If I knew, it wouldn't be a surprise.  So...
2	I ordered double pepperoni and double cheese.  Good thing, otherwise I wouldn't have been able to call it pizza.
3	This pizza is just OK, the crust is too chewey (i hope that is spelled right). The toppings are good and the flavor is average, however it is very greasy. I would say this place is just as good as any Domino's pizza chain. But I have been spoiled with east coast pizza in NYC, Philly and Jersey. It will do for a cheap place to get a lot of pizza for a party.
5	Amazing. Try the 2 slice and drink meat special on Fridays
5	Always great coupons online and in mailers. Great pizza, wings and salad!
5	Venezias has been my favorite go to pizza place for well over five years! I have tried a lot of other pizza joints and they have never compared to this place. They have awesome pizza slice deals throughout the day and literally the best ranch ever! I love this place!
5	my favorite pizza!! and ima pizza addict .. nomnomnom!!!
4	they delivered a half hour early - yay!  the pesto pizza was great  - 5 stars but the Margaretta pizza was disappointing.
5	Love this place! Their NY-style pizza is always floppy and chewy and delicious. Their Garden salad is generous. Their Turkey sub is also pretty good, but there seems to be quite a wait for it. But the rest is pretty quick!
5	This is by far my favorite pizza. Only wish it was closer!
4	Never had anything bad here - I've had the sandwiches, pizza, the calzones, the pasta, the wings.. etc.  Never been disappointed.  I wouldn't even say its my favourite pizza as I like the thin, crispy crust the most.. But I order here often as its just high quality all the time.  Not a fan of the extra fees for ordering online and the delivery.. Other than that, prices are quite reasonable for the quality.  Anyway... I highly recommend!
3	We lived close by the east mesa ellsworth Venezias and really loved their pizza.The gilbert location is good but sorry to say not as good as the east mesa location.I do really need to give them 2 thumbs up on their wings!8.99 for a dozen wings is a great deal these days especially since the " buffalo" wild wings place charges almost 15.00 !Cooked to perfection and the sweeet chili sauce flavor  is awesome!You cant beat 4 large slices and 2 bottomless drinks for 13.00 bucks !
4	Party pizza is enormous!!!! We bring our family from other countries here. They can't believe how large that pie is.
3	I've came here before so I know the pizza is good. Maybe I came too close to closing but the Hero wasn't as good as I had hoped. I ordered a roast beef and I didn't notice much flavor and it was a bit soggy. The staff was friendly enough but looked ready to get out of their 20 minutes to close. The price was fair for what I ordered.
5	We live near so much good pizza that it's incredibly hard to choose now.  I had not eaten at Venezia's until almost 2 months ago, and we did the lunch special with a slice and a salad and a drink.  I forget the exact total, but it runs right around 6 bucks.  GREAT deal and GREAT pizza.Then, we've gotten delivery twice and I am so impressed with their website and online ordering system.  It's the best I've ever used.  You can customize the order, apply a coupon code, and pay online.  Both times we've ordered online we got our pizza in approximately 45 minutes.  And both times the driver was very friendly and had the cc receipt all ready for me to sign.  We've had the Meat Lovers, Pesto w/ artichokes & sausage, and the Hawaiian and enjoyed them all.  This pizza really reminds me of pizza I've had in NY.  The toppings are fresh and the crust is the right amount of yeasty chewiness.  Right now, Venezia's is my #1 choice for pizza.
2	In a world of average pizza this one fits the bill.I ordered a large white pizza with pepperoni.  It was meh
2	My husband and I ordered delivery tonight from Venezia's. The person on the phone, I believe his name was Ryan, was very friendly and had excellent customer service. However, we asked for honey hot wings and they said we can have it tossed in hot and they will give us a side of honey. How hard is it to just toss them in honey hot, I mean you have the honey! They also charged us $.50 for the honey, really?! We got the pizza delivered in good time and the driver was friendly. The carrots and celery package was pathetic. Below you will find a picture of what we got. And what we saw when we opened the wings. We had a bare bone. Why serve that? The pizza was good and the wings had good flavor (after we poured our $.50 honey in a bowl and re-tossed them). I was disappointed with the few things that made me say "seriously?". But the customer service and pizza were better than most.
5	Great Pizza Every time!! Had some with the fam tonight.
4	Fantastic pizza.The extra large is more than two people can eat. Add to that fast delivery service, makes this a great place for pizza.
5	I've never lived on the north east coast, or in Chicago, so my standards for good pizza might not be the same as some of you.  However, if the ingredients are fresh, the cheese is real, and the pizza's cooked perfectly, I'm in.  It's really tough to get all of these in a delivered pizza.  I tend to stay away from the major chains because duh - but Venezias has never disappointed.  Now - I can be talked into pizza more often than I should, but this place also has great cheese bread and salads.  And we all know that nothing dampens the guilt of a greasy pizza like a salad covered in ranch.  So - check this joint out, you won't regret it!
4	Orded a supreme for take out.  We enjoyed it except for mushrooms were missing and was cold when we got it home but not their fault.  I'd like to try having it piping hot at the restaurant.
5	This is the best tasting pizza in all of Arizona. I'm from NY and I was afraid I'd never find NY tasting pizza again and after watching Breaking Bad realized there is a Venezia's by me. I tried it and was blown away. Keep it up!
5	I am a big fan of this pizza place, great food great prices, friendly service.  I enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices.  Being from the east coast I find it hard to get good pizza out this way, and this spot definitely has that back home vibe and taste.
2	They consistently overcook their gluten free crust to the point of tasting burnt, when I complain they just say that's what it's supposed to taste like, which is ignorant because I've had the same brand of crust prepared elsewhere and it tasted great.  Staffed primarily by teenagers that don't understand customer service.  Said 20-30 minutes for our pizza and instead it took 50 minutes and they had our order wrong. We will be going elsewhere for pizza from now on.
4	I've had pizza on the east coast from NYC to Miami, west coast, in several western states, and when island hopping and this is one of my faves.  The sauce tastes fresh and is flavorful.  Have also had their pasta, lasagna, salads and desserts.  Was satisfied with all of it.  Had to go 4 stars however because I think their "combo" pizza, with all it's veggie freshness, ends up being on the soggy-side typically (likely from all the moisture from the fresh toppings ... downfall of greatness).  This is not the case with their other pizzas so I forgive them.
5	I think this wins for best pizza crust! Our favorite pizza is the Italian Stallion. I like the spicy marinara sauce they use on it, but you can sub that for regular marinara on any pizza. Friendly employees, clean restaurant. Good place for kids, families, and they have lots of big TVs to watch sports on.
4	We get take out pizza from Venezia's a couple times a month! I think this pizza is pretty similar to back east pizza. We have had the salad, the garlic bread and the meatball sandwich, all are very good! The price is good as well. Wish there was a location closer to my house! The only thing I might say that needs a little help is the customer service.  The employees are not as friendly as they could be.....
4	Great place for lunch specials! You can get a pizza, salad, and drink for around $6. Good quality pizza too...no where near fast food. Service is usually pretty good - every once and a while they'll have an off day though. Wings come pretty saucy so make sure to order lite on the sauce if you don't want to be smothered in sauce.
4	Very good pizza! I asked for extra mushrooms and they are the only ones I know that actually take it by heart. They covered the whole slice with mushrooms! Low prices and friendly staff.
1	Well, I had the craving for some awesome pizza and boneless wings so I thought to myself "Venezia's"! Well, I thought to myself, I've gotten sick twice before after going there, but that must have been just coincidental! So I went on my way, nommed some boneless wings and cheese pizza.... aaaand here I am, unable to get off the toilet. Really? This sucks! I hate to say it but I'm never going back there, no matter how good the food is. The wings must be frozen and are being defrosted improperly. Pizza is pretty hard to mess up, but consistently getting sick from the wings means something. It is so frustrating because I've tried two different locations, thinking it may just be that location, but it seems to be something procedural. I am so disappointed! Whoever is managing here or purchasing the products needs to look at how they're being handled and their hold times, etc. Something is wrong with the wings and how they are being handled. I never get a sick stomach from eating ANYWHERE, only here. That shows to me that something is being handled improperly.
4	Pizzas here are second to none. Toppings are quality and heavy and freaking dee-lish. Just tried my first calzone from here and am pretty disappointed. I'm comparing it to the calzone I had at Buono's Pizza (Guadalupe and Dobson) which had ricotta cheese and was addictingly good. This calzone was filled primarily with a chewy cheese you'd normally find on top of a pizza and nothing else. So to recap:Pizza - amazingService - fantasticWait time - not bad at allCalzone - meh
1	Okay pizza,  not crazy about the sauce on the pizza. Gal at the register was not very helpful while trying to place our order.  When we sat down I witnessed her itching her nose quite intensely and never saw her wash her hands.  Ewwww!!  The service was poor, although they had lots of staff in the kitchen, when our wings arrived,  the young man didn't ask I'd we needed anything and when our pizza arrived, they didn't even serve the first place.  Very disappointing.  Tables were dirty and the tray host to hold our pizza next to the table was filthy.  This location could use some deep cleaning work all the staff behind the counter.  Not sure I'll dine here again.
4	You want New York pizza? Go to New York. You want the best New York pizza in Arizona? Go to Venezia's. Yes this family run shop was featured in Breaking Bad, and they have shops in AZ and NM. This pizza is better than any other pizza place that claims to have New York pizza. Trust me, I'm a New Yorker.
2	The food is delicious but overpriced for the take out portions. We ordered several pasta dishes and the lasagna portion was very small for the price. My wife got spaghetti and again very small. Get rid of the small tin dish and they've got it made. Manager did take our call and seemed to care. Even credited a little to our account/phone number. Manager gets 5 stars.
5	Wow, what a surprise.  Work ordered lunch for the office and it was awesome!  Just moved back here after 20 years and it's the first pizza place that compares to our favorite NY pizza place back east.  Great crust, great sauce, plenty of cheese.  Simply awesome.  Rosatis is dog food in comparison.
4	Salad and pizza: pretty good! Price was on point, wait time not so much (1 hr+) for delivery. Worth it though...
5	They are the best New York Pizza I've found on the east side of town.  Their slices are generous and their toppings are good.  And they have Canadian Bacon, big plus.
4	Great food, good prices.  We love to come as a family. Pizza and hot sammies are the best.
5	This is my favorite place in the Valley to get pizza by the slice. For a whole Pizza, I'd go somewhere else unless I'm planning an event or something. They a friggin huge! It gets very busy on Friday and Saturday evenings but is pretty easy going the rest of the week. Love it!
4	Totally worth the money. It's not the absolute best pizza by any means, however, it is very good a more than affordable. The boneless wings are really good and their peppercorn dipping sauce is amazing. If you need a lot of pizza to feed a big group, this his your best deal for the money!
4	Good pizza but the staff was overwhelmed and the service suffered a bit. Seemed situational rather than a chronic problem.   Kids meal options were a nice change.
1	This place used to be great not too long ago.Now they have let success go to their heads.  I went here for years but I have had enough after about five consecutive bad experiences. They just don't seem to care anymore and I don't know what happened to their pizza crust. I suspect it has something to do with what appears to be unsupervised teenagers running the show now.
4	Amazing pizza, quality food. Delivery times are quite long so dine in or pick up if you can.
2	They burn their gluten free pizzas every single time. the last time I ordered a Hawaiian pizza there was so much garlic that even if it hadn't  been burnt it still would not have been edible. It's unfortunate that I'll be buying my pizza elsewhere from now on. You'll see my previous review was similar and since then I've ordered several more pizzas and they continue to be bad enough that a single bad review isn't enough.
2	Not the best pizza I've had it took them 40 minutes to give me my order and when I got home it was cold and not what I ordered.
5	Everything I've had here has been really great. Their pizza is the best in my area, by far. Their wings are excellent. The staff are friendly. The prices are higher than other pizza places, but you get what you pay for.
5	This place rocks and so does their food. I haven't had any pizza or any food in here I haven't liked yet. When we lived by this place we came here all the time but if were ever in the area will definitely come back! We recommend it to everybody
5	Wicked good! East coast approved pizza - love the boneless wings and the homemade dressings. We got a margarita pizza and my husband had to try the calzone (not my thing but he raced about it). It was a great pizza and balanced well. I recommend the wings hands down!
3	Pretty decent pizza. 45 minute delivery time on a Friday night that they kept to. Don't order a salad expecting "mixed greens", its romaine.
1	Although the staff was friendly and helpful, the quality of the pizza was horrible. Cheese was not even cooked to the pizza dough properly and was loaded onto a double pepperoni when I specifically asked for no top cheese. I am well aware that pizza is greasy,  but the amount of grease from one slice of it alone was enough to soak up two napkins. I don't care how great of deals that they give out on their coupons, personally it is not worth it to me. Will not be going back here ever again. Much better pizza out there folks!!
5	Love this place. Usually our go to spot for Sunday football. Everything is great, especially the golden medium boneless wings. They need to sell the golden medium sauce by the bottle.
1	Just ordered two large pizzas and OMG my whole family is complaining how much it sucks.  I only ordered from here thinking it would be a step up from dominos, but NOOO.  Do not waste your money going here, Little Caesars is better and much cheaper.  The dough was soggy and it took over an hour to get here, not to mention that it was cold by the time it arrived.  STAY AWAY!!! I will never order here again, what a waste of 35 dollars.
5	Love this place. Always good food and great service :) Taylor is amazing! Thanks and see you again soon.
