4	Dune Buggying is AWESOME. I love it. I'm pretty good at it. It's not for the faint of heart. You get dirty, you fatigue from being violently rattled. But you feel like Mad Max.But this is a review for this company, and I have to give it a good review because I want people to try dune buggying.This place is totally legit, but it's run by the kind of people who like dune buggying. They're fun, but they're not that professional. I left three phone messages and I didn't receive a call back. I finally emailed and they picked up. After I made a reservation, I never received an email confirmation or anything. Called back, still didn't get it. We signed up for the Mini-Baja tour and was taken on the Nellis dunes tour.Whatever. It's cool. They should be themselves. I would be, if I had that job.
4	After signing up for the dune buggy, I began to have second thoughts.  After all, I also had a day planned on an ATV.  How different could a dune buggy be?  Was it really worth the money?  Absolutely!Sun Buggy Fun Rentals Las Vegas runs the show.  Its a new branch of the more established Sun Buggie Fun Rentals Pismo Beach (note the spelling difference).  They'll pick you up at your hotel, drive you to the dunes (about 30 minutes north of Las Vegas), and drive you back.  Total trip time is 3 to 4 hours, of which 90 minutes is spent driving the dune buggy.  A helmet and goggles are provided, but you might still want to bring sunglasses.After spending about 30 minutes on operation and safety, as well as a lengthy you-break-anything-you're-liable speech, it was time for action.  And what action!  Even though you always follow the lead driver, it takes a lot of concentration, and a certain amount of skill, to keep on track.  The dune buggies are so low slung it's unlikely you'll tip over, but there are plenty of obstacles, from two foot high washboard humps that can turn you into a human bobble head (and back surgery candidate), to dunes high enough to get you stuck, to crests that drop off so sharply you'll launch into the air if not careful.I had a great time.  Compared to the ATV tour, the dune buggy tour offers less chance to appreciate the scenery, but it is a much more intense, exciting ride.  I'd love to do it again.Just like the ATV tour, you will get very dirty and dusty.  There not really much opportunity for photos, but if you do bring a camera, seal it in a ziploc bag.
4	Overall, a really fun and cool experience.  We were picked up from our hotel at 9am (or a little past) for a morning tour.  I think that what happened to Euge C. was probably the same as what happened to us -- we signed up for the Mini-Baja tour but ended up on the Nellis Dunes tour.  That was just fine, because we didn't really know which one to sign up for anyway (and probably chose Mini Baja so we could feel we were willing to be adventurous).    There may not have been enough normal 2-person cars, so we ended up in the car with a handbrake instead of a footbreak.  Although the car did seem to be fast and in good condition, driving the buggies takes quite a bit of effort, and having to steer one-handed sometimes is just not that great.  There was also some problem with the wrist-strap getting wound around the wheel as a result of steering one-handed.  So unless you need to use the purple, hand-break only car, try to avoid doing so.  I'm not giving this review 5 stars because of the hand-break car, and also the fact that the cars seemed prone to break down.  There was a need to return to where we picked up the cars for a pit stop a couple of times (due to parts falling off of the cars, other mysterious damage?).  This caused problems for some people who had to return to the Strip early to see a show.  All that said, it was really a lot of fun.  I let my husband do most of the driving (I did drive a bit, but enjoyed the scenery a lot, so I was content to just ride).  There's a lot of bouncing around in your seat and being kept down by your seatbelt -- it reminds me of the Indiana Jones Ride at Disneyland.  The people seem to be really easygoing, and our tour leader was great.  The had ice water and a Port-a-potty so we wouldn't be parched.  We also returned to the office to sandwiches, which was great.  When we returned to our hotel afterwards, we passed out for a couple hours, so it's not a bad idea to leave some down time in your schedule so you can clean up and to nap.    I will definitely recommend Sun Buggy to friends who visit Las Vegas!
5	1.5 hours of pedal to the metal, dune buggy police chase!  MUST DO!i recently went to vegas for a bachelor party and we pretty much did everything vegas had to offer.  outside of the strip's casinos, shows, and food, you'll find the vegas motor speed way.  located adjacent to the US Air Force Nellis base, sun buggy fun rentals takes your group on an exhilirating race through the desert.  once strapped into your buggy (configurations of 1, 2, or 4 people), you play follow the leader, chasing after the guide.  though you're only going a maximum of 35mph, you feel like you're flying at 60 with the open air buggy and endless sigh of sand.  speaking of the sand, make sure to bring clothes that you are willing to part with.  you'll get sand in everything.  if you are brave enough to bring your camera or cell phone, make sure to bring a plastic bag to protect it from the sand.  also, try to wear pants that have zipper pockets.  if not...you'll lose it.  it is taxing on your body.  be prepared to hit huge rocks, dips, cliifs, etc.  if you hit a spot that looks like 20 consecutive speed bumps, go full throttle, hit the tops of each hump, and brace yourself for each impactit is probably a once or twice in a life activity for most suburbanites and is totally worth its $330 price tag.  if you're riding in a double seater, it is $420 total.  don't forget to tip your instructor at the end of the session.  sun buggy fun rentals picks you up and brings you back to your hotel.  total round-trip time is 3-3.5 hours
5	I had never been ATVing before and as an accident prone person was scared out of my mind.This was an amazing experience and the staff was extremely supportive and helpful. From the person who drove us from The Strip to the store (Lucky?) to the people working at the store, other drivers, and our guide Frank, everyone was great.The trail was rough at times, but our guide always made sure everyone was accounted for. (I drove a rhino and it was amazing).The scenery was beautiful and we had the benefit of almost a cloudless day.Wish I could go back sooner than later!
4	This was my first time dune buggying and I'm glad I had a great experience! When they mean "put your foot on the gas" they really mean floor your dune buggy. There isn't much preparation that goes into you being a driver so I'm a little worried that they might have a lawsuit coming up when someone does get seriously injured. The staff is great! All very friendly and they even pick you up at your hotel!I give it a 4/5 instead of a 5/5 because a lot of the people you're stuck with are retarded! not the guides, but just other paying customers. Me and my buddy got stuck in the sand twice due to the buggy in front of us accelerating, than feathering or braking when reaching the top of the dune, forcing us to brake so we don't hit them (any damages to the buggy you have to pay out of your security deposit). This was embarrassing as it happened multiple times during the 1.5 hour trip and people were getting annoyed while they waited for the guides to dig us out of the sand. Still, even with the 110 F heat in Las Vegas, it was a memorable and fun experience. I think on one dune I got a whole foot of air. Definitely don't wear anything nice as it'll be covered in sand when you're done. Also be careful with cell phones and digital cameras, I put mine in plastic bags so they wouldn't get scratched. Definitely something everyone should try before they head back home.
2	"I shoulda gone skydiving instead."That's what I was thinking the entire time. I was kinda expecting to be jumping 50ft through the air over dunes, with Kiss music blaring, shooting Sand People in the face and running over Jawas with Obi Wan riding shotty, keeping the stormtrooper fuzz off my back.Granted, that's not what they advertised, it was just what I was expecting.
4	It killed the day and wow we were flying!!! Get ready to get down and dirty!!
5	DEFINITELY worth the money! I have been skydiving before, and this was SO much scarier... I had the best time, this was the best thing I've ever done in Vegas, by far! I HIGHLY recommend this for an afternoon of intense exploring the vegas desert. Mini baja chase! Do it!
5	I went with 4 girlfriends, each with our own buggy.  We did the 30 min. Mini Baja Chase.  Couple girls were nervous, but easily got comfortable and we all had a blast!  Since we had 5 buggies, we were in our own group and had no problems getting stuck, so 30 min. was plenty of time.  I agree w/ other reviewers, getting stuck could suck up a lot of your time.  Stay a few buggies behind the person in front and don't break on the dunes.
5	A great bachelor party activity!We had gone skydiving for another friend's bachelor party (1), and were looking for something adventurous this time in Vegas. Sun Buggy Fun Rentals did not disappoint! We opted for the Mini Baja Chase (30 min., versus the longer and more expensive 90 min.), and had a great time. 'Chase' is an apt descriptor here, as you'll spend the 30 minutes with your pedal to the metal as you chase after a guide through 15,000 acres of desert dunes. Located next to Nellis Air Force Base, I will have fond memories of cresting a dune as jets fly in formation overhead, with the Vegas strip hazy in the background.Pick up and drop off at your hotel are included, and you'll be supplied with a helmet and goggles (get the tinted ones) when you arrive. They conveniently supply you with a belongings pouch so you can dump in your personal effects; the chance of getting dust or sand into your camera are certain, and you'll be bounced around quite a bit.The buggies are easy to use (no manual shifting), and there are multiple vehicle configurations if you want to bring passengers along for the ride. I found this chase format to be a great blend of excitement while not placing too much responsibility on you. It was good to know that if you lost sight of the group going around a bend, you could shut off your engine and wait for the guide to circle back. While you're on the move, you'll spend most of the run flooring it, and taking curves at pretty decent speeds.The consensus was that the 30 minute chase was a good amount of time; it was enough to get a great experience before it became boring or routine, and it was a hundred bucks less.Definitely check this out for your next Vegas outing.---(1) http://www.yelp.ca/biz/skydive-toronto-cookstown#hrid:yjPVCwjUIKOr3CgofJ-u5A
5	This was a good time. We went in the middle of April, a good time to go. We did the Baja mini chase for 30 min, but it really lasted 50 minutes. I was worried it wasn't going to be long enough, but it was perfect. Me and my buddies had our dune buggies maxed out most of the time, but this wasn't too slow, in fact, if we could go any faster, I think I would have hurt myself. The guides were good, and the guy who picked us up from our hotel was really funny. I highly recommend this trip for dudes in Vegas!
5	THIS WAS SO MUCH FUN!!!!I went with my boyfriend and we rented a 2-seater which he drove.We chose to do the Mini Baja Chase for 30 minutes, which our guide, Frank, was nice enough to extend to 45 minutes.Make sure you dress appropriately, it can get chilly out there! Plus you get really dirty and sandy, so wear clothes that you dont mind getting dirty. Also, definitely wear sneakers and long pants!All in all, the staff was super friendly and accommodating. We got some cool pix and had an amazing time!
2	ProsGet to see the desret.Took some good pictures of my friends and I with our buggies.Cons- Too slow - with pedal to the medal buggies 19hp engine is not enough power... I don't think I broke 25mph- You're only as fast as your slowest part member, which for me was sloowwwwww- No Adrenaline rush - unless you count it coming from utter frustration that you're driving so slow- Sand kicked up from the 5 buggies in front of you is in your face because you can't ride side by side or pass anyoneBottom LineIf you want Sunday driving in the desert, with the occasional steep hill this is for you.  If you want to romp around the sand dunes, full throttle in your dune buggy, look elsewhere...
5	Coolest thing we did in Vegas!,.or maybe ever. You won't die or get hurt! Don't hesitate just go... They even pick you up and give you a free Tshirt. If you go at 7am you get 20% off! Such an awesome experience
4	Definitely an awesome time!!  Went with the guys for my bachelor party weekend.The 30 minute Chase is the way to go.  90 minutes would just be too long.
4	I have nothing bad to say about these guys.  The instructor definitely didn't take it slow nor was he too fast where you couldn't keep up.  It does suck if you have someone in your class that's slow and the group has to constantly stop and retrieve them.  I would recommend going with a private group to keep the class fast.  The buggys are great.  They're solid and just have enough power to have fun but not too much to screw up.  I do wish the buggys had adjustable seats and a place to put your left foot.  I found it difficult trying to find a place for my left foot to keep me more planted on my seat.  I'm 5'9" and definitely too short for the double seat buggy.  Now obviously you're going to get dirty so please dress appropriately.  I also don't recommend using any camera on the buggy ride whatsoever.  With all that being said its still 4 stars. Fix the seating position for us short people and it's an easy 5 stars.  I would recommend this to anyone.
5	Woohoo!  Caught big air jumping sand dunes with the gas pedal pegged!  Loved this place and the extreme adventure!
5	Absolutley amazing experience!Was over in vegas with a few friends and friend/colleague from work.3 of us decided to give this place a go. We all had a buggy each and it was a brilliant day out!Weather was good, the views and the route we were taken on were excellent.My buggy broke down half way through and the 2nd buggy I got given wasnt as good as the first one but i did not let that spoil my fun!I would suggest anyone going to vegas to do this!! Excellent!!!!!
5	I was going to give this a 4 star review, but I realized that I can't ding Sun Buggy for my own fears!  The website doesn't acknowledge the "danger" aspect as much as the safety video, the guide's conversation on the way out to the dunes and the chase leader's lecture before we took off.  There was talk about losing arms and 90' drops.  I had a 2-seater and my partner was very skeptical and I thought she was going to throw-up after hearing all this.  We chose the 30 minute mini Baja adventure.  I agree with others, if you've never been - go for the 30 minutes.  It's just long enough, IMO.  We go up and down big hills and there are multiple tall drop offs we hit.  We were told to keep a 4 buggy distance as we flew through the dunes at around 40 miles an hour.  Here's the tough part.  At a 4 buggy distance with so many undulations, we were last and we had a tough time keeping up and keeping track of the buggy in front of us -- even with the peddle all the way down.  Not sure if it was because we had a two-seater vs. the others one-seater or what.  So, you lose the group and they tell you to shut the buggy off and wait.  This happened within the first 5 minutes or so.  The second time it happened because a four-wheeler ATV cut through my 4 buggy distance and I slammed on the brake to avoid him.  The guide was nice enough to circle back and get us and was sure to ask if we were safe.  We're fine!  Let's go!  The 90' drop was a little terrifying.  Not going to lie.  But, it was right after the turnaround point, so there was no going back after that.  All in all, keep your foot to the ground, follow the guide and be safe.  We were picked up at 1pm and brought back to the Mirage at around 3:30pm.  Very fun!  But, know, this isn't a slow ride.  This isn't for people who have problems with their bodies either.  You can get jostled around quite a bit.
5	Awesome!  Totally worth the money and time.They give 20% discount for booking the early times (7am and 8am), which is perfect since you'd be out before it really gets too hot.  Also, you'll probably be up that early at the tables anyways.From the pickup (in a very rickety, shaky, bus), to the guys behind the desk all the way to the tour guides and back.  Awesome.They even had helmets for my giant head, the goggles are kind of hit or miss, but try to grab the tinted ones if you can.I'd wear something comfortable, thought I'd need long pants to protect against flying debris, but it's really not necessary, just be comfortable.The whole things, from pickup to drop off at our hotel on the strip, took us about 4 hours.  This is definitely worth it, for guys/girls and families! (they have 1, 2, 4 and a 9 seater).Oh one more note: as with go-karting or anything similar, there are going to be slower vehicles (I got it for our group by chance)... it happens.. but I was still flying around at 35 mph...
5	Soooo much fun!! Worth the money. Best way to get dirty in Vegas!!
5	Very fun and exciting I want to do it again!!!
4	This was a really fun time, zipping around the desert like Mad Max. Like other reviewers said, they have maintenance issues. One buggy in our group broke down and had to be replaced early on. Another one had a wheel break off.
5	Second time with Sun Buggy. Best adventure in Vegas. Did the 60 minute ride this time, perfect amount of time. Got put in a group since I was solo. Guide and group were GREAT!
5	We had a group of 5 in Vegas for a bachelor party and visited Sun Buggy.  Booking was easy, pickup was on time (and they even made a stop for me on the way), staff was courteous and quite patient (I was still shaking off the night before).  Our guide was awesome and the ride was one of the most fun things I have done in a long time.  5 stars all around.  Thanks guys!!!!
5	Professional and friendly staff, capable buggies, and endless sand in the 15,000 acre park.  The driving could not have been more fun for a first-timer!   Keep the pedal to the metal, and trust the guide's line and the buggie's suspension.  Got air a couple of times.  One slight negative was the condition of the helmets provided by the shop-- old and grungy.  Time for new helmet inventory!
2	Every thing is OK except the buggies they operate are not to the expected level, does not go fast, very shaky, difficult steering and  breaks are very bad; actually you don't need brakes as u won't be going fast. I think they manufacture the buggy and just instal a Honda engine of about 30 HP. Good experience overall, however wished they got a more professional buggies.
4	I got the Vegas Mini Baja Chase "X"  2 seater for my boyfriend at the time's birthday which includes a 60 minute chase. I think this is the most reasonable/popular choice because it's just enough time to get your fun in yet tire you out by the end of the chase. It definitely feels longer than just an hour.We were picked up from our hotel and once we got to the location, they provided water and lockers when they are giving a brief intro.The dune buggies weren't too fast, and I know one or two broke down or had issues with other people. It would be nice if they got some better quality buggies considering it seems like their operating equipment malfunctions quite often. Lucky for us ours was okay.Maintenance is an issue at Sun Buggy because their helmets and goggles are also a bit outdated, old, and dirty. Maybe it's because we didn't have time to eat beforehand but it felt like my insides were jumping up and down alot as we were bumping along the rocky roads. Nonetheless it was an extremely fun experience to be able to travel across Vegas' deserty areas and see the vast landscape.You get a short break halfway through the chase where guides let you rest and help you take pictures! At this time if you have a two seater you and your partner could switch off.Beware you will get very very dirty/dusty by the end of the trip! Drink lots of water and be sure to wear sunscreen or you could get sunburnt from being under the hot sun for an hour.
5	Every year my company has a managers meeting in Las Vegas, due to the inexpensive airfare and hotel rooms not to mention the gambling. This year my wife was able to join me so we decided we would stay an extra few days. We are not big gamblers, though I have been known to spend so e time at the roulette table, we wanted to find something different and fun to do while we were there so we booked a dune buggy tour with Sunbuggy. Mark an older gentleman and a really nice guy picked us up at our hotel and we drove north of the city to their headquarters where a safety briefing was conducted and we were fitted with our helmets and goggles. Next we were introduced to Fernando, who would be our guide for our tour of the Valley of Fire. Fernando was from Brazil and has been working as a guide for the last year.  After introductions we all climbed into the truck and headed off for our 45 minute drive north to Logandale trails. A quick explanation of the dune bugger operations, the trail and the park we where then off on our adventure. The landscape was truly red, martian like with cactuses and other small underbrush scattered about amongst the rocks hills and dunes. We made our way to along the trail for approximately 14 miles arriving at the petroglyphs, ancient carvings in the rock done by Ancient Pueblo Peoples, also known as the Anasazi, 3000 years ago. Fernando watched the buggies while my wife and I went off exploring the area and viewing additional carvings. It was amazing how well preserved they were considering the harsh climate that they exist in. Once back at the buggies we were off following Fernando again as he took us to several unique natural features and some great photo shoots. Due to all the dust and sand it is advisable to pack everything you bring in ziplock baggies and I would not take an expensive camera with me. We our pocket Sonie which we kept in a ziplock when not in use. Once back at the truck Fernando loaded up the buggies and we were off to lunch, included in our trip. Both my wife and I thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and would recommend this trip to anyone. Fernando made sure we had a great time, with lots of photos, as did Mark who told us other pits of Las Vegas trivia as he drive us back to our hotel. I hope we have our managers meeting next year in Las Vegas again as I can hardly wait to head over to Sunbuggy for a return trip the the Valley of Fire.
5	A great experience, thanks to Jon Clark, our awesome guide. He handled our group of five with patience and prodding each one to do our best. Buggying is a great combination of sun, sand and speed. For all those looking for an  adrenalin rush it's an absolute don't-miss!A big thanks to the staff!
1	If you feel like taking a dangerous ride in the desert and possibly be injured in cheaply maintained dune buggies call these guys!!!!! I can not believe this place stays in business. UNREAL!!! If you have never gone let me tell you this is a very unsafe activity here that you can easily get hurt doing. The safety video is a FREAKING joke you can not even see the video on the screen to get the information you will later find out you wish you had. The helmets can easily slip off in a crash. The goggles make it impossible to see out of because they are all old and scratched up. The carts bang you around into the bars the entire ride. The seats have little to no padding for when the buggy slams you around. The wheels can come off on these pieces of crap as other reviewers have mentioned. When they make you sign a waiver basically trying to leave you completely at fault for anything bad that happens in their crapmobile it should be a clear sign that people get hurt here. Watch the vegas.com video http://youtu.be/FUY3HgaubVQ of the owner saying typically in a one year period we  see no injuries. WTH does that mean? PEOPLE GET HURT THAT IS WHAT IT MEANS!!!! read the other bad reviews b4 you go.
4	Once you arrive at their office, you sign some papers and they get you fitted for a helmet and goggles. After that, you watch a brief video on the do's and don't's of riding. Once the whole gang arrives and finishes they will drive you to some dunes nearby which was about a 15 minute drive. During our course, we did have a mishap in that one of the wheels popped off the buggy on one of the members in my party. So it took a little bit of time for them to fix it and get back on the sand. None of that deterred me from having the time of my life. I do feel that smaller parties is best so that we can drive as close to its maximum speed allowed and not have to wait or risk tailgating. I purchased a groupon deal for this. It was a 15 minute dune buggy ride for two buggys at $88. Quite expensive but I definitely recommend it as it was so much fun! All of their staff was so friendly! I cannot wait to go back!
5	This is the only place you want to check out for riding dune buggies in the dessert. Amazing staff. Fernando is an incredible guide. He made first timers like me and the more experienced members all have a thrilling time. Mark was a great chauffeur for us. He was very patient with us when our party members were running late and a genuine joy to talk with both going to the buggy office and back to our hotel. We were out on a Wednesday afternoon and it was clear from the beginning that the staff was laid back, easy going and wanting to make sure we had an amazing time. It's about a 30 minute drive from where we stayed at on the strip. We had pre-paid so it was a simple checkin. They sized us for helmets and googles and then about a 7 minute drive to the site of buggies. Fernando set us up with our cars and the other staff buckled us in and gave us tips on how to steer and what to look for while we are driving. Fernando took off and we all followed. Up and down dunes and all over a rocky terrain. The buggies are very comfortable and easy to use. The route he took gave me chills and made me roar with laughter. We were there for a 30 minute tour but he defiantly went over the time. Adrenaline was definitely pumping when we pulled back in to where the car trailers were. Amazing place and an amazing time. Definitely group and kid friendly!
4	Had a great time with a bachelor party. Our guide, Fernando, was great, especially when we got stuck or stalled out. We were a little delayed getting started and he gave us some extra time at no cost. Definitely a good activity off the strip.
5	Holy hell!!!!! I had a blast!!!! I went on the valley of fire tour with Fernando and had one of the best times of my life. I had so much fun. He was a great instructor, friendly and helpful. When I went on that tour and drove myself I smiled for over five mins straight. I would do it again in a second. I would recommend this to all my family and friends. If your a tourist visiting Vegas you have to check this place out and try it for yourself!
5	This is for **CLARK***....We paid for 2 one seater buggies for the baja chase after dark. Seriously worth every penny and then some! That sh*t was no joke! Had the best time EVER! The husband and I went indoor skydiving, horseback riding, and did some gambling this week...all of that put together doesn't even compare too tonight....add bungee jumping to that and Sun Buggy was STILL the better experience. Only part I'm upset about is that it's over! Ha! I'd love to do it everyday! My husband and I recommend Clark. I know we will DEF request him the next time we are in town!
5	Took the after dark tour. Was very impressed with the extra safety steps. More importantly, the view overlooking the city was amazing. Our guide, Clark, was awesome: safe, patient, competent. We had a blast and will be back again with the teenager
5	Driving these buggies is a blast.  The staff were excellent from the time I was picked up to my drop off.  Judy was an excellent enthusiastic guide.  Thank you.  I have done a number of different driving adventures in Las Vegas, and this definitely ranking up there for adrenaline producing action.  Certainly good value for your money.
5	This place was a blast. Definitely do the chase. It was fast pace and fun. Our guide was great and the pick up service made it easy to get out there.
5	Must do for anyone looking for some fun! This just topped the list for the bachelor party weekend! We wanted a half hour and stayed for the full hour!
5	This place rocks!  Judy, our guide was amazing!  Came here as part of my Vegas bachelor party experience, and it did not disappoint.  We did the 1 hour chase, which was great.  Saw a newspaper article in their bathroom, where the owner was quoted saying, "my guides are like Tahitian hookers.  They don't want you have a bad ride."  While I can't speak to the literal comparison, Judy kept her pedal to the metal.  We struggled to keep up, as we flew over dunes (yes we got air), scrambled over some rocks, and occasionally got a mouthful of sand as we banged into a dune wall.  Was a wild and awesome ride.  My buggy was a bit slower than my friends... could be because we strapped an inflatable dolphin to the top (hey, it was my bachelor party, so why not).  But that just meant I need to cut corners and pass them on the flats (which weren't all that flat).  There is another reviewer who gave 1 stars.  I think that reviewer wanted a relaxed scenic tour.  This ride is definitely not that.  One tip: wear gloves if you have soft hands from working at a white collar computer job.  Our hand got a bit blistered from gripping the steering wheel tightly on this awesome white knuckling ride.
5	If you come to Vegas.....do the desert run first, gamble second.  That way you are ensured a WOW time. Awesome run. Awesome staff awesome time.
5	First time, but definitely not the last! My husband and I had an amazing time on the night time chase!!! It was nothing like we expected and more than we hoped for! Such an adrenaline rush!!! Alex was our guide and he was awesome!!! So reassuring and crazy as hell!!! But only in a good way!!! Just be prepared to use some muscle and don't be afraid to go fast!!!
4	Our guide Frank is the man!!  We had a great time "chasing" him through the dunes.They picked us up at our hotel before hand and dropped us off after. Had to take a star away for no AC in the shuttle. It was VERY hot but it is Vegas after all. Overall, had a great time and I recommend it highly.   Thanks guys!
5	A lot of fun. Only problem was it was over too soon. Three hours of fun and awesome scenery.
4	Our group had lots of fun and because of cancellation by others our group of 4 had a guide all to ourselves! We went in the morning so the heat wasn't too bad. Ive been on dune buggies in Oregon and the biggest difference was this seemed a fair bit more expensive and there is much less sand, more rocks and dirt. Be prepared for a rough ride!
5	Very good. Lot of fun. Vince was very good. Wish it wasn't so expensive 300 plus for 30 minutes. I loved the shuttle driver who came to pick us from Stratosphere, she was new to Sunny buggy rentals. Good sense of humor and excellent customer service. Sorry I forgot her name. But who ever from Sunny buggy reads this please thank her from our side. We went on 8/7/14. Pick up time was 9 am.
2	Cannot recommend before safety standards are improved. Pros: courteous, professional shuttle drivers who are punctual; office was helpful in rescheduling due to my delayed flightCons: Loose safety procedures. My single seat buggy lacked left foot rest, four point belt was checked only after I asked. Was not told which group to follow, turned out I was w the guide and two company mechanics, yet I was constantly left in the dust due to my groups familiarity and my sub standard buggy w reduced power. Trying hard to keep up, my buggy gave up half way up a slope the others cleared. I was told that some buggies were beat up so didn't perform well. Not one buggy had a raised flag; this combined w a group that weaved in and out, I lost the group often in the dunes. We were told to follow the guides path bc wavering just 10 ft could result in serious injury: on two occasions I lost the group and hit violent falls. Finally, when it's time to park, one of the staffs buggy rear ends mine, causing a not insignificant whiplash. All I heard was another staff jeer "what the f r u doing?" followed by more banter among the staff. No apologies, as if rude behavior explained the "it's all in good fun" attitude towards this potentially dangerous sport. I've done experience events w skip barber and Infineon raceway; all very professionally run and ran strict safety procedures. Sun Buggy feels run by frat brothers who believe the periodical "r u having fun dude" is equal to safe and fun.
5	Totally worth it.  Awesome trails, tons of fun, spotted a bunch of famous military aircraft flying overhead too.
4	Fun adventure!  The staff were courteous and helpful.  This is not for the faint of heart though.  It is extremely bumpy riding over the rough terrain so for those with medical conditions or back problems - you've been warned.  Thanks for the fun!!
5	Fantastic fun. Richard was our guide and he didn't hold back taking us through some sick hills and dunes. Very professional company.I recommend going early in the morning to avoid the heat and the bigger groups.It gets super dusty, you will get your clothes dirty and require a shower after.
5	Fernando was our guide... and he was awesome! My husband and I had a great time! We each got a buggy to ourselves. The wind picked up a bit during our tour though, so there was quite a bit of weather but it wasn't anything we couldn't handle. The last bit where it looked like you were hurtling towards a sheer cliff drop was AMAZING and so much fun! Would definitely do it again, but maybe during the dead winter when its not so hot/windy.
4	I have to say that the experience was amazing and had a lot of fun but my three stars go for two reasons, the price paid for the amount of time riding and the buggys are not the best even though they built them themselves. We shared a buggy with my husband. So because I wasnt driving it was a little hard on the shaking and in one of those bumps my neck cracked a little loud.Right on the first 5 min of riding we noticed that one of the shocks was not working right and because it was not in the right place the shock might break. We told our guide and he said that if we were ok driving like that to keep going because it would take too long to bring another buggy.It was a bit rough to ride like that but we finished it anyway.Overall good experience but in my opinion overpriced.
4	The great, the good & the bad...Lets start with the bad... the pickup. Really sketchy bus in deplorable condition & the driver drove like he stole it. I was praying we weren't being driven to the desert to be robbed...The good... its a real business, it just feels sketchy the whole time. I realize its a dirty sport, but everthing about this place is dirty & there is just no sense of business pride. I think they could attract a lot more business if they just stepped up the professionalism. The great... holy crap it was the most fun I had in Vegas ever, no joke!  We did the Valley of Fire tour in the morning. It was amazingly beautiful & worth every penny!  I think we did something like 25 miles there, it wasn't fast or slow, it was perfect. We stopped at a local sub place for lunch which I love (love to support a small local spot like that).Then back to the baja chase for the afternoon.  I was too short to drive in the Valley of Fire earlier in the day so the guys hooked me up for the baja chase - they went out of their way to make sure I could get a chance to drive for this part.  And boy did I!  I had a blast keeping up with the boys!  I did get stuck on top of a huge hill once & our guide was super nice about it (I felt terrible because he had to climb up it to rescue me but he was laughing). So to wrap it up... yeah its sketchy,  and its dirty,  and its unprofessional,  and they could definitely do a better job with maintenance & safety. .. but you will have the time of your life!And our guide was Fernando - I am so glad we got him. He was extremely professional and considerate. Loved him - ask for him & you wont be disappointed.
5	Came here with a large group of people and I have to say it was much more fun than I expected. I was somewhat skeptical at first because of the price, but after completing the course I feel it was well worth it. I will recommend it to friends.
5	Frank and Steve are great guides. They helped us when we got stuck. They gave us a history lesson of the area. They are top notch guys. Dave picked us up promptly at the assigned time. He was great, too. A top notch operation.  We are in the works of planning another trip.
5	Fernando gave a memorable and thrilling experience. Love that each and every staff member we encountered l had one of the best experiences. I didn't know what to expect and everyone was so friendly and easy to talk to. Highly recommend Sun Buggy not only for the insane experience out in the dunes but also how the staff kicks everything up a notch! Thank you so much we defiantly will be back
5	Mark was a super fun driver, very friendly and the dude can sing! Matt was our driver to the dunes, super cool with lots of tips and information. We had a great time!
3	Had my wife not said that the guide yelled at her and poked her in the arm after she got stuck twice, this would have been a 5 star deal.  Lots of fun.  Mark our tour bus driver was great.   Matt the guy that took us to the dunes was in a great mood....but Alex really pissed me off when my wife said she was poked by him when she got stuck on a dune.  Look we pay for you to be good to us...this is vegas.
5	Sun Buggy + ATV  Fun Rentals was pure adrenaline!  It was so much fun and excitement packed in 30 minutes.  We really wanted to experience something a little different in Vegas and this nailed it.  Booking the reservation online was simple and easy.  We decided that same day at brunch that we wanted to go and they picked us up at our hotel.  The bus ride was a little sketchy.  There was no A/C and the windows didn't open, but the driver was in good spirits and kept the drive fun. Like other reviewers we didn't know what to expect when we reached the site.  It is literally a bunch of really cool people that love what they do and make the most of the situation to offer everyone a good time.  We signed papers on a dune buggy and stored some personal belongings in a staff members car trunk.  All of this could be bad and reduce their star rating but you're in the desert.  I didn't expect world class facilities.  Also, the facilities did not take away from the experience.  We each drove our own dune buggy.  He is a car racing enthusiast and has raced most of his life.  Me, not so much.  I was thrilled and terrified all at the same time.  However, the guide led us around the dunes and made it enjoyable for both of us.  I highly recommend Sun Buggy for a terrific off-strip Vegas experience out in the dunes, the great staff and unforgettable experience!
