5	Big fan of Fired Pie and the separated at birth MyPie.  I'm glad Fired just opened one 15 miles closer to us.  Lots of great toppings and crisp lavosh style crust.
4	Great pizza concept. Quality ingredients and you can choose whatever toppings you want and it's the same price just under $8.It's a 10 inch and just about right for one person. Nice staff and recommend this place. Is it the best pizza ever? No. But it's pretty damn good.
5	AMAZING!!! (see photos) FAST!!! (cooks in 2 minutes)  LOW COST!!! ($7.95 with 5+ toppings)This is a make your own pizza place, but unlike Cosmo Kramer's idea on Seinfeld, they work the food and oven.  You just tell them what toppings to add and you watch as they do it 2 feet in front of you.  You can say 'easy on the cheese' or 'more tomato sauce' or 'add more bacon & fresh garlic' and since you watch as it's being done it comes out PERFECT every time.All pizzas are personal size, the crust is so light and airy that it doesn't feel heavy, gluten free is available too. This is THE perfect lunch-break restaurant; quick cheap and amazing food quality...I have sent many people here and it's a 100% thumbs up so far. Nothing like a personal FIRED PIE customized to perfection fresh out of the oven. Try it, tell 'em IKE sent u.
4	Excellent addition to the neighborhood. $7.75 for any pizza or create your own with as many toppings as you like. All one price.
5	No complaints. The service was perfect. Two college kids with great attitudes and friendly service. They walked us through how it worked and even cleaned off our area while we sat and talked.The decor was modern and very hip. Not a huge fan of the graffiti but it gives it individual sense of style. The pizza place really stands out I comparison to any resteraunt I've been to due to it's system and decorum.Lots of toppings and because they have such a hot fiery oven it can heat up numerous toppings .Items looked fresh and up to code no wilted veggies and the spinach is put into olive oil? Also had a steak and blue salad. Just right amount of balsamic and cheese. Great portions for 20 dollars I was so full and ready for a nap. First place I've been to in Scottsdale that really impressed me.
5	Saw this new place and decided to try it. Everything was fresh and delicious. For the price, it cannot be beat. I highly recommend the pizza and salad. I will definitely be back!!
3	Decent enough pizza that gets good lunch play because of an attractive price point and quick service.
4	I'm a fan!  I was a bit leery about making my own pizza subway-style but as I chose all my toppings that I wanted on my pizza, I sat and waited.  They called out my name and the pizza looked impressive.  It was more of a thin-crust pizza and when I took a bite, I was won over!  My pizza tasted just the way I had hoped.  I will definitely be coming back again as this place is literally blocks from my work.
3	This concept makes a lot of sense.  A quick pizza at a reasonable price.  Choose a pizza off their menu or create your own.  My creation had sausage, olives and basil and it was delicious if I do say so myself.
5	Who doesn't love Chipolte.... Good thing I love pizza more and at fired pie i get to choose all of toppings including cheese and sauce all for the same price.  Pizza was pretty big and very tasty.  I can't wait to go back.
5	Super fresh and delicious, with friendly service too!  I will be telling all of our local friends and neighbors to come here instead of Rays and NYPD that are just around the corner.  What a great deal if you like getting lots of toppings since you can add whatever you want. We will be back very soon!  Fired Pie, welcome to the area!
4	Miles says four stars means I like it a lot!  "I like the taste, it tastes like really good pizza...the crust is really thin so you can actually eat it...it's not doughy, it's crispy".  We'll try a salad next time.  By the way, Miles is nine and my food critic :-)
4	I love the idea and execution of custom made pizzas.  The pizza was delicious and it was ready in less than 5 minutes.  I am a fan of this place and will be back.  The place is cool and happy.
4	Pretty good. I love the fact you can customize your pizza however you want and they don't charge extra for it. Even subway charges for bacon or extra cheese. Reasonable price in my opinion since it will feed you for at least two meals. Taste was very fresh even on a slow Sunday night.
3	It's okay. I wasn't really blown away. The pizza comes out of the oven freaky fast but I've had better pizzas at Peter Piper. I get that you can pick out your ingredients "Chipotle Style". But realistically, isn't that the standard feature for every other pizza joint? They also serve salads. So I would sum this place up as a poor man's "Sauce".
5	Great new spot for made to order pizzas that come out in just 2 min fully cooked. Fresh ingredients and welcoming staff that is always helpful. Great idea, try it out you won't be disappointed.
5	Damn! It looks like I am adding a new place to the lunch rotation...I was a skeptic. I totally understand and appreciate the Chipotle restaurant model for serving food in a quick manner, but I assumed pizza would take a hit. I was mistaken, and couldn't be happier to admit that I was wrong to prejudge.I've been to Fired Pie a few times now, and I've had two custom pies, and a salad. There is absolutely no way you'll leave hungry. The pies are delicious, and the toppings are fresh...depending on the toppings you get, there's not much room for complaining. As for the salads, they are just as good, and you can load them up to your heart's content. I had their chipotle ranch, and actually had a nice little kick.Fired Pie took an awesome food, mixed it with a solid restaurant concept, and nailed it by keeping it simple...all while only charging $7.75 per pie/salad! I am a big fan, and I hope they're super successful. Go.
5	A super healthy alternative to a greasy on the go lunch or dinner choice. The selections are all fresh, healthy, generous in portion, value priced and high quality. The staff were full of smiles too, so that was great!The pizza looks delish, but I chose to build my own salad. It was really tasty, and I'm glad I found this place!
3	I recently read someone complain about reviews that start off "I wanted to love this place but..."However, that's exactly how I want to start this review. I've only been in once and it will not be my last time. I just don't think I'm super excited to come back right away. It wasn't the food that disappointed me as much as the service. I ordered a salad and explained that I did not want peppers. It went something along the lines of this...Me: I'll take the Spicy Southwest Salad with no peppersHer: You got it (as she's putting lettuce in a box) Her to him: No peppers (as she hands him my lettuce)Him: OKMe: No peppers, No Peppers, NO PEPPERS, NO PEPPERS, NO PEPPERS ughhhhhHim: Oh you didn't want peppers!? Me: Nope Him: *Picks most of them off*Me: Thanks  =\There wasn't an "I'm sorry" or "do you mind if I just pick them off and leave you with a salad covered in pepper juice".I asked the cashier for plastic silverware to go. She pointed towards the area where you can help yourself to silverware but there wasn't any to-go. No one was helpful, everyone seemed to be annoyed with working. Maybe next time will be better....maybe.
5	My boyfriend and I went in here a few days ago to see what they replaced Al's with, and we were not disappointed! This place is great! It has a very Subway/Chipolte vibe, with lots of fresh ingredients, and a make it your own philosophy. We were greeted right away and asked if we had been there before. We said we had not, and they walked us through it all. It was fast, filling, and tasty! I made a BBQ chicken pizza with bacon, and he had a buffalo chicken pizza with bacon. Next time, I think I will try one of the salads! I love the simplicity of the pricing, and there are no charges for extra cheese, or even adding a second meat. for both of us, drinks included, we paid less than $21.00!That is actually less than a lunch at Subway or Chipolte with some of the add ons. All in all, a great experience! We will definitely be back!
5	Thin crust wood fired pizzas with fresh ingredients. The best pizza I've had in a long  time. Devoured the whole pie. Amazing.
4	Love the whole subway concept for pizza. I don't know whats better the pizza or the price!
2	If I were to write a movie about my experience at Fired Pie, it would be a complete comedy of errors titled "Is Anyone Here Listening To Me?"Fired Pie has been on my radar since it's close to where I live and I could basically live off pizza if I had to (and even if I didn't have to). The glowing Yelp reviews helped make our choice to go in for an early dinner on Friday.The experience of making your own pizza and choosing your own toppings is awesome...if the people behind the counter are actually listening to you. Here is, verbatim, how it went when it was my turn:Guy: "What can I get started for you?"Me: "I'll have the veggie pizza, but with pesto instead of red sauce"Guy: "Sure" *immediately picks up red sauce and puts all over my pizza*Me: "...can I have some pesto on there too?"Guy: "Yeah. What kind of cheese?"Me: "...um. Mozzerella."Guy: *Puts mozz on my pizza, slides it down to toppings area*Me: "Can I please have some pesto on there too?"Guy: "Oh, sure" *drizzles small spiral of pesto over cheese*So. That's how that started. The girl who handled my toppings seemed to have no idea what went on their menu-standard veggie. We both kept having to look back at the one menu on the side wall (they should definitely invest in an over-the-back-counter menu ala every other fast/casual food joint for ease) and check to make sure she got it correct. She wasn't sure what went on my boyfriend's pesto chicken pie either. Speaking of boyfriend, he also handled to ordering for the field greens and roasted veggie salad we wanted. First guy lined up two salad bowls, so it looks like they split them there with no problem. Great! He also asked that they sub the balsamic out for italian dressing, which guy said would be no problem.Once our pizzas rode the struggle bus out of the toppings area, we were asked for our names to write on the paper that our pizza slid onto in the oven, to keep everyone straight. We told them our order was for there, ordered drinks from the woman at the end of the line and sat down at a booth, after we picked up our own silverware and parm/red pepper shakers. Hopefully we could get over our ordering disaster and eat some delicious pizza!I heard my name called and looked to the counter to see two pizza boxes and a boxed salad sitting on top (complete with a side of...you guessed it...balsamic dressing.) I couldn't do anything but laugh; it was the perfect ending to this nightmare of an order. First guy behind the counter had even taken out two bowls for our salad TO EAT THERE! Boyfriend was about to have a stress embolism so I scooped up our food and got the hell out of there. "We would literally have to order the opposite of what we wanted for it to come out right the first time," he said in the car. Basically.Why the second star? I have to be fair, the food was absolutely delicious. The pizza's crust was really on point and the salad was completely filled with roasted veggie toppings (and even better once I added my own dressing from our fridge.) But it was downright insulting to have NO ONE working there listening to us. I don't understand at all. Was it an off night? Was it an off team working? Did they hate us for some reason? I doubt I can convince the boyfriend to go back, so maybe I'll never know. Dang.
5	I am all about being able to customize my order without upsetting a waiter and this custom pizza ordering style place has become an instant favorite.The first time I went here I topped my pie with almost every veggie they had and it turned out amazing. Which is sometimes hard to do when you put a lot of veggies on a pizza. They don't skimp you with topping either, this personal sized pizza will fill you up. The thin crust style is perfect in regards to taste and crunchiness. The second time I came here I decided to try out a salad. Again, I could completely customize it with their buffet style ordering line, and no surprise it was delicious as well, and the size made it very filling.I think the best thing to do here is go with someone else, one person order a pizza, one a salad and you split it. Best of both worlds in my opinion!!
5	After a second visit, I am happy to bump up my rating to 5 stars!! Noon probably wasn't the best time to come, but they get you through that line very quickly. Everyone was professional, friendly and on their "A-Game"! My buddy ordered a pizza to go and they offered to put it in the food warmer to keep it nice and toasty while we enjoyed our lunch. I ordered the tomato basil pizza with mushrooms and it was fantastic. When it was handed to the guy running the oven, he asked the guy to toss on a few more mushrooms. I liked that he took the time to look over the pizza to make sure it was up to his standards. This location is now in our regular lunch rotation (on days I'm not convinced I should be on a diet).
2	One of the owners of Fired Pie reached out to me after reading my initial review. He apologized for our bad experience, said it was not up to their standards and offered to send me a gift card to try them out again. I accepted, and was really happy to see someone higher up caring about customers.We called in an order last night, exactly the same as before. One veggie pie with pesto instead of red sauce, one pesto chicken pie and a roasted veggie salad with Italian instead of balsamic. My boyfriend had the call on speaker and I heard the girl repeat our order back to him just as we wanted it. Great!Apparently all did not go as smooth as it sounded when he went to go pick up our food. First, the girl at the register didn't know how to run the gift card. Then, when our order was 10 cents over the gift card's $25 amount, she gave my boyfriend back the wrong change. (He only had a $20 on him and she initially gave him back $19.10 instead of $19.90) THEN we get home and all looks well...except my pie has red sauce on it. Fired Pie, do you have a personal vendetta against me eating pesto or what?! I started cracking up, and boyfriend vowed that he'll never go there again. It SUCKS, because the food is so great! We received the correct dressing this time for the salad, which was delish! It just goes to show how little service details can really make or break a place for us. Luckily for Fired Pie, it looks like basically everyone else going there has four or five star experiences...I guess we're just outta luck.
5	Awesome fresh from the oven thin crust pizza pies as you request & bangin' Bellinis? Yes please!! Super friendly & efficient service? Thank you!! Was quiet when mom & I were there.  The steak & blue was fantastic & awesome with the garlic powder! Great idea :-) will be back for the BBQ Hawaiian for sure! Put some bacon on it for me!!
5	This place is awesome! We came after school for some food and they have GREAT pizza. It's customizable, like Subway for pizza, and 11" pizza for $7.75. The quality is outstanding and I would 100% recommend it to anyone looking for a good food experience. I will definitely be coming back with more friends!
4	I have been to Fired Pie twice now and each time it has been delicious. The first time my husband and I came on a Sunday around 8pm. The place was dead - the only people inside were the employees. That was fine by me as we were able to place our to-go order quickly. The second visit was with my husband and my father on a Wednesday at 6:30pm. Again, the place was pretty dead but they actually had a few other customers. (Definitely not packed!)If you haven't been, the concept is you walk up, tell them if you want a salad or a pizza and then they make it right in front of you. For pizza, they ask what kind of sauce (marinara, pesto, alfredo, garlic/oil), what kind of cheese (mozzarella, feta, blue cheese), and then pick your toppings. They have several different types of meat and vegetables to choose from. My perfect pizza has artichokes, spinach, tomatoes, mushrooms, Kalamata olives, and garlic. We've tried their sausage and chicken - both are good. I prefer the pesto, but I'd like to try to alfredo sauce. Additionally, we've tried the pizza cookie - which is tiny but delicious. Definitely learned our lesson and will order separate desserts next time. ;)Overall, I really like the concept. It's fast, customizable, and super quick to get your meal. That pizza is literally done in 5 minutes and cooked to perfection! I will definitely be back!
5	We loved the fast & tasty pizzas and the service was STELLAR! They genuinely cared & checked in with us (even though they didn't have to). Impressed! Will be back for sure!!
5	Been there several times and have really enjoyed their made to order salads and pizza. My husband loves it too. I love that the pizza comes out piping hot. Service is fast and very friendly and they have made some really good suggestions. Great thin crust pizzas.
5	I'm telling you this pizza and the whole concept is fantastic this pizza is great with fresh ingredients served quickly and in a fun friendly clean environment
5	Decided to try this place out for dinner with my boyfriend and we loved it! We both decided to create our own pizzas. The process was really fast! We just selected what we wanted on there and then it took about 10 minutes to cook. I was only able to eat half of mine but my boyfriend (who eats a lot) ate all of his! It was even good the next day warmed up in the oven. Also, the prize is good. We definitely plan on going back soon...aka tomorrow!
4	This is an interesting restaurant concept. Custom ultra thin crust pizzas that are cooked quickly with quality ingredients. The salads are also good and generous portions. Very simple menu, just pizzas and salads. Beer served.
5	For semi fast food, this is an excellent choice. Yummy salads and pizza with super fresh ingredients. I found the staff to be friendly.
5	Seriously addicted to this place.What an amazing concept of the fast casual pizza place that has great topic choices and more than two types of cheeses!! I love that you can literally load on the topics for the build your own choice and they dont charge extra. The people are always friendly and personable even if they are in the middle of the hectic lunch rush!Love this place, the food and the concept!
4	What took me so long to find this place?  Salads and pizza both fantastic and fast.  This is the Chipotle of Italian food.
5	Some of the best pizza I've ever had.  I like the Tomato Basil with pepperoni, sun dried tomatoes, red onion and fresh tomatoes on top after it's cooked.  YUM!
5	This has become our family goto spot for a a quick casual dinner. Kids love designing their own pizzas.  The salads are good.   It's quick, reasonably priced and feels fresh. It has quickly become a family favorite.
4	Really cool Chipotle style concept but with Pizza!  First time there and I loaded up the toppings to create my own style for cheap!  I will be headed back!  This place also participates in Upromise rewards so there is a little bonus!
5	Amazing pizza and salad.  Great service, fast and delicious!!! First time coming and won't be the last.   We customized all 3 pizzas.   Great flavor, crust was done just right and crispy.  A new family fav!
5	Ok I love pizza but have to eat gluten-free.  Even though super fast food type it is by far best gluten-free pizza. Trust me I try everywhere.  I love so many choices and so fast at a great price. Makes me happy!
1	I will say I absolutely love this place. I come here at least twice a week in which I always get a pizza and a pookie to go. Every time time has been a pleasant experience except for tonight.I came in 15 mins before they close and one of the cooks decided to mumble "fucking customers need to go away because were closing". I literally walked in when I heard him say this. This is very unprofessional. I work in the service industry and even though I sometimes get frustrated, I have never spoke like that on the floor especially in front of customers. Word of this wise, if customers didn't come in you would be out of a job bud.
5	I think this place has nailed it with the fast pizza option! The pesto pizza is my favorite!  The crust is nice and crispy and not too greasy! super great! Staff is always so pleasant and ready to help! So glad they moved into the area right by work, I have gone far too many times already. But hey they are super consistent, so who could blame me. Wishing Continued success to the team!
5	outstanding.  great service, great toppings, amazing concept.  price is right as well.  kudos.
4	Great pizza! Thin crust and delicious. Only drawback....if you show up around noon you'll be in a pretty good line. Must have been 20 people in front of us. Pies cook real fast...its the assembly line thats slow. With all those people you'd think they'd be pros by now, whipping toppings on the pie and moving along. Unfortunately the guy putting on pepperoni was super slow! One piece placed on at a time,, then he'd stop, talk to his line partner and go back and move the pepperoni around on the pizza. But its definitely worth the wait.
5	Of course it was great! I created it myself! Love the concept. Veggies and toppings fresh and plenty of options.Just one thing...I'm from the Carolinas, if you're going to offer unsweet tea...label it as such
5	Awesome pizza for 7.75!  Again and Again and Again. Wow these guys know how to do pizza and the prices are great! The ingredients are top notch ! I love getting 4 cheeses and like 7 meats! What a great deal. 5 stars all the way here and super fast also!Quality quality quality here is the motto! Every new location I try and every location is 5 out of 5 stars! Keep it up guys!
4	Love the idea of this place, fresh, fast, build-your-own pizza! They have a great variety and good options for different dietary needs.I got a gluten-free crust with marinara sauce and nearly every vegetable offered..no cheese. It was very good, but I did feel a little sick after eating it, not sure why. I did really enjoy it though. My sister ordered a pookie and liked it as well. It was the perfect single serving haha. This place is also very reasonably priced which is a big plus. You can get whatever you want and they do not really charge extra. Will definitely be coming back :)
4	This is my favorite lunch spot by work. You can load up your salad or pizza with every single topping, and no one bats an eyes. They offer "pre selection" menu options, or you can customize. They also have limited bottled beer, and Bellinis. They keep the ovens at near 500 degrees, so your food cooks VERY fast. I've yet to have a pizza undercooked, or burnt. They have it down to a science. The staff is friendly, and remembers me, and makes recommendations to "spice up" my usual, and they are always right. They are VERY busy during the lunch time, which is great for them, but apparently I've told too many people about my secret lunch spot. The ONLY downside, is any way you slice it - it's fast food pizza. It's never going to compare with New York pie. I will certainly be back :)
5	Great pizza and good service.It is a great concept in which you construct your own pizza from a great selection of toppings and almost before you can sit down, your pizza is ready.
4	Great food & fast service. You can't beat the prices either. Small space inside so it gets a little crowded during the lunch rush.
4	Fired Pie is the Chipotle of the pizza world. I love the concept of this place because I'm picky and I modify my order 99% of the time I dine out. They offer fresh, fast pizza and salads. The BF and I ordered pizzas, of course. You start out with customizing everything from the sauce to the toppings -- a variety of meats, cheeses, veggies, herbs. They also offer alcohol as well as serve yourself fountain drinks (woohoo!) You can even grab your own to-go boxes which is very convenient. Not having someone wait on you is great for those who are lunching and need to get back to work promptly. The staff took our empty pizza trays when we were done. Mine needed more sauce (I don't eat cheese, so more sauce is needed) and it was a bit burnt, but it was still good pizza. The BF enjoyed it a lot and we will definitely go back. and most of all it's reasonably priced. There are a lot of pizza places that will charge you for the pizza and then per individual topping, which can get pricey. This is all the toppings you could want for $7.75. I read someone's review on here that says they've never burnt her pizza, so maybe it was a one time thing. Next time I'll ask for more sauce :)
5	OMG, absolutely THE BEST pizza I've ever had! Fresh ingredients, light crust, delicious toppings! Can't be beat anywhere! Have to come in at least once for the experience! Try grilled chicken, bacon, pesto w/garlic & oil, roasted peppers, fresh mozzarella & parmesean! (Oh and add more veggies of your choice!)
5	I'm a FAN!  I'm not a big pizza eater, but THIS PLACE!! WOW!Super yummy, not too expensive and the staff is friendly and fast!!Thanks for making my lunch so much fun!
5	This place is amazing. Like others have pointed out you start with picking a crust and then you can put whatever you want on your pizza for one low cost of ten dollars. The GLUTEN FREE pizza is the best. I like it better then the regular crust. The owners are fantastic and even when they messed up my gluten free pizza twice, the suporvisor Bri handled the situation with ease. I seriously respect her and the business. I will be back and I think everyone should go here. I wish they had one on ASU's campus. It would be so nice to grab a personalized pizza. All in all LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!
5	LOVE this Pizza Place!!!  Gluten Free pizza is awesome, regular is good too, but, I really liked the GF.  Bri is a GREAT Manager, and runs it very well.  It's clean, simple, love the Graffitti Wall and fence, reminds me of NY!  It would be a great addition to ASU's Campus in Tempe.  Who wouldn't love an individual pizza, that cooks quickly on campus!!!  What a concept!!!
5	Love how fresh this pizza joint is. Many ingredients to choose from including different sauces and cheeses for your pizza. It is set up like a sub shop but instead they offer great tasting pizza. Dough is thin and I noticed they offer gluten free as well as regular. They offer salads as well. Casual dining area with lots of people carrying out as we were waiting. Different than most places the staff here was very friendly and genuine. We will return!
4	We tried out Fired Pie last night for the first time. My family and I loved it! Great topping choices, fresh ingredients and a nice staff. Food was delicious! We will be back.
4	I'm upping my rating on Fired Pie. The quantity of the ingredients has drastically improved since the first time that I have tried this place. But I have to admit my fired pies have come out much better of late. I hope these guys can keep up the good work.I usually spend a skosh over $11 for a large soda and a pizza. It is kind of a fresh breath of air that you can put several different types of toppings on your pizza.
5	Staff always friendly and food alway great! I always build with chicken and artichoke
5	Anyone who knows me is probably wondering why it has taken me so long to write a review for Fired Pie. I just had to wait because I really thought it was TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE. However, after 6+ months, I still can't find anything wrong. This is the best pizza place I have ever been to. The fact that you create your own is what wins me over. You get to go through the line and choose whatever toppings you want. I have only been adventurous and tried a salad once, which was good as well. I have never been disappointed in Fired Pie and I go on average once a week. The staff is extremely friendly, they also learn your name if you come in often which makes you feel even more welcome. Great job to the staff and the creators of Fired Pie!
4	Fired is right down the street from my office and continues off the custom personal pizza concept. The pizzas taste pretty good and their gluten-free pizza crust is more doughy and doesn't have the cardboard consistency that some other places do. The service is always friendly and quick, even during the lunch rush. The reason it's 4 stars for me is because my first exposure to the concept was Pieology (-- BIG fan, their mission statement should be "making fatboy pizza dreams reality").
4	There's a lot to like about this place. It's a fast casual dining experience for delicious pizza. I like the pizzas, the space inside, the service is always nice, and the location is good (at least for us because it's not far). However, I don't give it 5 stars. Here's why... when they have a line, it's not so "fast" casual and can take a bit to get through and get your food. To prevent this experience I simply make sure to visit before or after any rushes. My only other gripe is that it doesn't seem like they use any local, organic, or higher quality ingredients. They have an opportunity to set themselves apart by offering cheeses that are from a source where there's no added hormones and pasture raised. If they had organic tomato sauce (and some of the veggies) that would be great, too. Oh, and I must say... they have a good gluten free crust. It's the reason we go there at all is for the gluten free but I'd go even more if they bump up the quality of their ingredients.
3	Pizza goes fast food, as you have to stand in line to order.  And just when you find a spot to sit, they call your name.  Despite it being fast food, the pizza is actually pretty good.  It's thin, crispy, and you pick your toppings.  The salads are great too.
4	Great variety of pizzas which you can specify ingredients. Very friendly staff and speedy service. Only down point is loud music
5	Amazingly amazing inexpensive pizza. The crust is very thin and crispy which I love.  Came with my wife and since friends.  We all had custom pizzas which were cooked in about 5 minutes. Some of us had salad which was also custom and made to order. Everything was fantastic. Can't wait to come back. Oh and the Orchid is also amazing.  8 bucks max. Cheese pie I 6!
5	Very good build your own salad. Pizza has super thin crust that is very very good. I'd come back!
4	Very good pizza very busy spot. This is a very thin crust pizza but it has a lot of flavor.
5	Awesome made to order custom pizzas and salads (don't forget to ask for extra toppings if you want!). I don't know why more people don't know about this place.
5	Very good build your own salad. Pizza has super thin crust that is very very good. I'd come back!!
4	We have frequented this location both for dine-in with the kids and take out. We have consistently had good service. It typically isn't very busy, so you will be in and out in no-time. They are generally friendly. Best part is the price - you can get your pizza anyway you like (as many toppings as you like) for $8. Their salads and deserts are also excellent. We will continue to return.
4	Good atmosphere.  Food was prepared quickly and all ingredients used were fresh and tasty.
4	Had lunch there today and got the two slices and drink special.The pepperoni slice was so yummy and fresh.  The crust was doughy and just the right temperature.The staff is always friendly and go out of their way to make sure we have a good time when ordering.  Great place to go when time is short and i am in the mood for a quick slice of pizza.
5	Great pizza your way. Only down fall music is way to loud. Super service and friendly staff.
4	I've grabbed pies from this Fired Pie on four occasions so far, my latest trip was last night.  Tons of topping selections including sauce/cheese/meats/veggies/fresh herbs and you just go through the assembly line and pick as many of each as  you want for $7.95.  The crust is thin with a cornmeal dusting on the bottom and the ingredients are fresh.  Every time I've ordered red sauce gorgonzola, fresh mozzarella, parmesan, garlic and fresh oregano and each one has been great.  They're not cheap with the toppings either which I almost expected given the price.I haven't tried their salads yet but I'm sure they're just as good.Fired Pie gives the better pizza places in the area a serious run for their money from a taste perspective which is surprising considering you can generally get out of there in about 10 minutes with a fresh and delicious pizza.
4	There are a lot of wood fired pizza places that I have been to but this one sticks out to me. It's quick and you can customize it with anything you desire & its so delicious. The only thing is that the people working there aren't all that friendly. They always look pissed off. But the good food makes up for it I guess. If I saw a smile once in a while, it would be 5 stars easily:)
