3	I'm not an expert on Thai food but I do enjoy eating it often.  I tried the yellow curry and while not as good as some other Thai places in Chandler it is good.  The service was good and the owner was very kind.  I definitely recommend.
5	We like to go to Thai Dressing (formerly Thai Pots) for lunch. Their green, red, yellow, and Panang curry are to die for. Our favorite dish for takeout is Baking Seafood Curry. The food is very good. The service is very friendly and authentic. We love to support locally owned / run businesses. Thai Dressing is one of them!Note: they have moved to a new location in the same plaza (2820 S Alma Sc hool Rd, next to Big 5 Sporting Goods).
4	Its really called thai dressing, but uses the old thai pots menu.  some of the reviews might not be as real (one review and 5 stars???) but i am here to say give them a shot.  things i liked:1.  tiny table that fat people can't fit into.  it's ridiculously small tables along the side of the place, but provides a much cozier feel.2.  coconut soup.  let it sit for awhile until the mushrooms absorb the soup.  i hate raw mushrooms. 3.  curries are great, cashew chicken was tasty, and everything is full of flavor and spicy.4.  they ask you how spicy, on a scale of 1 to 10, how hot you'd like the dish.if you've never tried thai before, check this place out and i guarantee you'll never eat at pei wei or some other shitty chinese place ever again.
2	I eat Thai food fairly regularly and I was not impressed with our food from Thai Pots. We opted for takeout and got Pad Kee Mow (sp?) and also Yellow Curry, both with chicken. We received our food quickly (15 min) and the servers were very friendly. But, once home, we found the portions to be quite small (especially for the price!) and the Pad Kee Mow (which is typically a noodle dish) was noodle-less. We got a HUGE amount of white rice---really too much. I much prefer some of the other Thai restaurants in the area (I've had great luck with Thai Rama).
1	(1.5 star) We have been this place 3 times so far. The first two times were okay. However, the experience from today was terrible. I guess may be its business is not that good, I have strong feeling that they cut cost because its food quality is aweful. Pad thai is not the real pad thai. It is very americanized, which means it was overloaded with sodium and sugar.My green curry is too watery. They must put a lot of water inside in order to cut cost.Our soup tastes flat. Again, too much wafer inside the soup. Cost saving again?Service was not that good at all. The male server had never greeted and always ignored customers. It looks like this restaurant will be shutting down shortly.
4	This place used to be Thai Pots. Back when I started going here, the first week they opened, many years ago it was so small it only say 10 people and did mostly takeout. Over time they grew popular and expanded, eventually moving into a larger spot in the same complex and updating the decor to something more suiting their food quality.It is mainly your standard Thai fare with a few surprises here and there since they expanded the menu. Nothing crazy mind you and it will not compare with Latitude 8 in downtown Chandler, but the prices are far less expensive and the menu more expansive. So the food... very good. They have very good curries and the traditional Thai entrees are excellent.The lunch specials are a good price at $8 - you get a lot of good quality and good tasking food.Overall this is an above average Thai place where the selection is very good, the food is high quality and you cannot go wrong with anything you order.
4	This restaurant used to be Thai Pots at a different storefront in the same strip mall.  The owner said they switched names to set up an LLC because their accountant was screwing them.  I hate accountants (except for my dad and my wife.)Looks:  The place is rather non-descipt inside.  It looks new and clean.  Nice, but not fine dining.  The teak wood on the walls was a nice touch.Food:  Pretty standard Thai menu.  Noodle dishes, curries, etc.  We got the drunken noodles and the cashew chicken, substituting tofu for chicken.  The drunken noodles were excellent.  I really liked the flat noodles and sweet/spicy brown sauce.   Lots of vegetables and chicken and a large portion overall.  The cashew tofu was good, but not great.  Stir-fry dishes have a low ceiling, in my opinion.Value:  Both dishes were $11, about what you'd expect to pay for Thai food, maybe slightly higher.  The portions were sizable, making the place a good value.Service:  Excellent.  They actually apologized for slow delivery of food, but we didn't even notice a delay.Miscellaneous:  The menus still said Thai Pots and claimed to be oldest Thai restaurant in Chandler.Verdict:  I'll definitely go back.  The place wasn't fantastic enough to monopolize my Thai food business, but it's tasty and a good value, and close to my house.
5	All of the dishes our group had were excellent, and the portions are very generous.  When I asked for "Thai hot" that's exactly what I got, where most restaurants tone it down for the white boy.  The service was prompt and polite.
2	Ordered fried rice, green curry and the lettuce and chicken appetizer. The appetizer was fine, but the curry was dreary and the fried rice was just white rice with a lot of pepper. Will never return. Bad curry at a Thai restaurant is like a bad donut at a donut shop. A sure sign that some basic skills are lacking.
5	This is by far our favorite Thai Restaurant in The Valley!!! Yes I dare to say that. The place is tiny, but oh so cozy, and they played Jazz music in the background... what a nice touch!The food is simply the most authentic that I can get, The Fried Rice -- if you like spicy -- make sure to get it med-to-very hot! The Pad thai and Panang Curry is sooo good also... make sure to get Singha Beer with them also...Oh the best thing about them is that they have a very reasonable price. I'd recommend this place to everybody visiting East Valley, or Greater Phoenix in general. Enjoy ;o)
5	Love this place! Have only eaten in once but take out all the time. The owners always remember me and know how I like it. Super fresh and simply great food!
5	This is my favorite neighborhood Thai spot and one of the best Thai spots I've found in the valley.  Having moved from Chicago, it has been a challenge finding great Thai food in AZ, but so happy to have discovered Thai Dressing- it's delicious.I'm vegetarian, and the staff is always great about making me vegetarian versions of their dishes.  The vegetarian Pad Thai with tofu is just amazing (they do their Pad Thai without fish sauce, which is hard to find) as is the Panang curry and the Drunken Noodles.  A great way to start the meal are the Thai fresh rolls with tofu;  crispy veggies and herbs, tofu, and rice noodles wrapped in fresh rice paper with a delicious dipping sauce. My husband is non-veg and says all the chicken dishes are great.  He also likes his food "Thai hot" and says that they do a great job making it extra-spicy if you order it that way!Portions are quite large; I almost always have plenty to take home for a second meal.  Prices are very reasonable.  Service is always friendly and the servers know all their regulars. I highly recommend this place, it's a great regular spot for your Thai fix!
2	After all the yelp ratings i got to think this was worth checking out. Thai is my favorite cuisine. Tom Yum soup is watered down fish sauce, inedible. Crab cakes come with lots of imitation crab meat and its upwards of 11 bucks. Chicken satay is chunky. Drunken noodles, let's say it tastes different. Somehow i don't get why this place has great rating. Ok now there is swadee., thai rama, yupa's and many more in the neighborhood, i am not going back.
3	Tried this place for the first time today for lunch. I used to eat Thai food on a weekly basis when I lived in the SF Bay area, so I've been looking for a place in AZ. Wife and I were both a little disappointed with our meals, chicken and pork dishes were pretty bland. However, It was decent enough to give this place one more chance.
5	I don't often beg but please support this place.  Its small, family owned and VERY VERY GOOD with awesome pricing.  Chandler can't afford to lose these family owned operations!  Their main problem is that they are in a dead center (Basha's Gone and soon to be Target Gone), so not much traffic here and I bet that hurts them.As far as their food goes, anyone who complains about spice is nuts as I have got it at 7 and well it was hot.  The Panang and Beef (my wifes favorite) is delicious and I usually rotate between the red, yellow and green curries.  Plenty of beef and chicken with lots of fresh crunchy veggies in all dishes.  The sign of a place that cares.  This week we wanted what everyone should have after a Thai meal, sticky rice and mango's and they would not serve it to us since they were not happy with the mangos.  Ahhhhh standards....Good job guys!  Serving me a inferior product makes me far angrier than telling me your product today is not worth selling.Not many 5's and no its not perfect here (no place is) but its one of my favorites in Chandler!
5	I've been in Arizona for almost five years and have finally found a Thai place worth recommending to my friends! Completely unassuming, nestled in a partially empty strip center the inside is elegant yet simple. Booths are a little tight so if you bring friends and big-boned buddies you may have to wait for table seating. I had the Pad-see-ew and it practically melted in my mouth! Went for late lunch and it was empty but be sure to arrive before 2:30pm as they close to get ready for dinner. Best Thai place out here by far!
4	Delicious Thai food.  The spring rolls are some of the freshest I've ever had, and the Drunken Noodles will have your mouth watering before your meal arrives.  Small restaurant with friendly service, and absolutely my go-to spot for great Thai food in Southern Chandler.
1	Lunch special soup tasted like diluted fish sauce. The  pad Thai is just noodles with peanuts and hardly any bean sprouts--very watery and tasteless.
5	Fabulous Thai food!! My girlfriend and I stumbled on this place just through a search of what was around us via Yelp. We opted to give them a try and from our first experience we've been in love with the place.I'm a huge fan of their Pad Prig Khing. The green beans are crisp, the chicken is moist and tender and the sauce is always delicious. I'm one that once I find something I enjoy I rarely change my selection, but I have also tried the Pad Prig Pow and, in usual Thai Dressing fashion, it's a tasty dish as well. My girlfriend raves over that Pad Thai and, because of that, I've also sampled some off her plate and found it extraordinarily enjoyable. Bottom line is that if your looking for a fine Thai dining experience where the staff is always friendly and the food is consistently delicious I'd recommend a stop at Thai Dressing. Quick note: They are not open on Sundays and, unfortunately, that seems the be the time I really crave it. Enjoy!
5	This restaurant has become a lunch favorite at my work. It has great food (their yellow curry is fantastic), wonderful customer service and reasonable prices. If I had to critique anything, it would be their location. They are located in the huge shopping center that used to house Basha's and Target...now empty. It is somewhat of a ghost town but don't be fooled! This is a family owned restaurant that you will be glad you visited.
5	Have to give them another review.My wife and I went back to Thai Dressing last eve, as we sat there we both looked at each other and said...Why do we forget this place?First service is great, the owners remembered us and asked where we have been.  Now we are in no way a regular customer but its very nice to know you are remembered.  Second I was glad to see the place busy, sadly sometimes when I go there its very quiet, last night it was about 90% full at 8:00 pm!!!Onto the food...Exceptional and tasty!  My wife had the beef panang while I had the Baked Seafood.  Both portion sizes were huge.  Hers had far more beef than filler, a huge plus.  Both curry sauces were just fabulous.My baked seafood was full of mussels, calamari, shrimp and catfish.  Just really really good.  Loved it.Sadly mango's are out of season so no sticky rice with mango, BUT, the owner told us of a new dessert he has which has black rice cooked in coconut milk and custard with a coconut sauce over top.  UMMMM can you say delicious...Very sweet though so I recommend splitting this!Overall for my money one of the best and most consistent places to eat in Chandler.  Family owned and just a good place.  If you like Thai food and live in the SE Valley this place has to be on your list!
4	Exploring the valley's Pad Thai offerings has been a regular thing for my girlfriend and I. After moving to Chandler it was the first thing we looked into for takeout. We were in luck to find a list of places to test out, and even more in luck that we gave this place a shot first. Kind of off the beaten path in a slightly hidden location but the food was excellent. Pad Thai medium was spicy enough to make my nose run, mild was exactly that. We'd recommend for sure!
5	We just love this restaurant.  When ever we get the hankering.  The TomKa Gai.  Coconut soup is so good.  And Panang, graprau.  Sp I don't know how to spell it.  Everything is yum.
2	Meh...is the best descriptor.   I eaten there for lunch and dinner...food is adequate at best.   On the other hand, service is terrible.  People who work there are friendly enough, but for some reason, the kitchen routinely (happened at every table the night we ate there) sends appetizers an entrees out at the same time.Food, as noted is adequate.  Chicken satae was basically chicken tenders of a relatively flavorless variety.  Nam Sod was ok.  Pad Thai was noodles, pork and a few peanuts.  The sauce tasted of ketchup.Place was virtually empty on a Friday night.  Based on the food and service, I know why.
4	Their green curry (my fave!) here is very good and I like their lunch portions - they are very filling and also include a hot soup and rice at a great price.When I was last there, I had asked about 'added sugars' in the sauce (a lot of asian restaurants add a lot of sugar to dishes to enhance the 'addiction' quality of it) - he (I think it was the owner) kindly explained that he could absolutely make mine however I liked it - that is customer service!  So, he made my dish with no sugar and, though it wasn't as addicting as it typically would be, I appreciated that I could ask for that modification.That being said, their service here is on-par and so is their food... I prefer this place over Thai Rama (also nearby).  They are quick, offer filling lunch specials, and good business owners.
4	Had seafood Pad Thai (medium spiciness) & Thai iced tea.  Pad Thai deserved at least a B+ grade, even though it could be a bit tastier. May it's the nature of seafood, which was very fresh.  Or maybe I should order spicier (8 out of 10 scale) like I usually do, instead of a 5 out of 10.  The portion was big.  I could only finished 1/2.  I had the rest at home for lunch the next day.  When I added more hot sauce, the dish was much better.The Thai iced tea was right on. Serving staff was very attentive & friendly. Will be back to try other dishes.  Spicier next time.
5	This is our regular Thai place. Love the curry and the staff. When they know it is for you when you call it in, you know you eat there too often. I have tried several other Thai restaurants, but I keep coming back to this one.
4	My coworker and I were in search of a new Thai restaurant so with a little help from Yelp I am glad that we found Thai Dressing. We got there right when the owner was opening the doors. The owners seem very friendly and their little kid was playing around and providing us with a laugh. They explained that they didn't have a sitter for him that day and apologized but I thought it was very cool to see this family running there business and it puts faces to the business and reminds me of the importance of supporting local owned family businesses. So I was hoping the food was going to be good and it did not disappoint. I ordered the Panang Curry (photo attached) with a spicy level 7 out of 10. It was fantastic! The curry was perfectly creamy with nice sized chicken pieces with perfect consistancy to the sauce. The rice was perfectly done and I thought it was cool how they mold the shape of the rice with a bowl prior to plopping it on the plate. I look forward to my next visit here. I will certainly update this review after a couple more visits because 5 stars is in their future if they have great Pad Thai.
4	They have the best Khow Soy outside of my mom's kitchen. They are the only Thai restaurant I've been to that has this yummy coconut based curry with a perfect blend of spices and they make it well. I will have to take my mom there to try it for the real test! Their service is great both for take out and dine in.
4	Thai Dressing Fine Thai Cuisine was a great first Thai experience for me. I enjoyed it so much that I would not mind going back again. The people and service also made the dining experience wonderful. The restaurant is not too large or small; everything is clean and neat. Waiters are ready to help when ordering and they give helpful opinions on dish selections. My waiter was hard-working, helpful, and attentive. The atmosphere is calming and quiet enough to enjoy your meal.           I ordered the Thai teriyaki chicken from the lunch menu. The dish comes with a Thai salad, white rice, and one vegetable spring roll. My main dish was sweet and had a distinctive taste from all the vegetables. It comes with baby corn, sliced carrots, onions, thinly sliced lettuce, green bell peppers, pineapple, and sliced apples. The vegetables were crunchy and fresh tasting but the apples gave the dish an unusual taste, to me. I did not prefer the apples since it made the meal extremely sweet. You can immediately tell the difference in the Thai dish style compared to the typical Chinese version. It was a nice change and a delicious version of teriyaki chicken.          My salad was the perfect portion for myself and tasted fresh. The small chopped lettuce, carrots, and red cabbage were crunchy and refreshing. The dressing was vinaigrette like with a sweet tangy taste. I enjoyed the flavors, simplicity, and uniqueness of the salad. Lastly, I ordered the homemade coconut ice cream. This also was a perfect portion for the cheap price. The ice cream had a yet rough texture, it was interesting to taste. The texture takes a little time to get used to but otherwise it is delicious. The first bite gives your mouth a bitter taste but after a couple of bites the ice cream becomes addicting. It was perfect for a warm day. I recommend Thai Dressing for everyone!
4	Good thai food place. You can pick how hot your food will be I do like the prawn green curry they had but of course the mosuman curry is always the best. Mosuman curry comes with your choice of meat....potatoes...curry is a watery and spicy. I also tasted their fried fish plate which I do recommended. The fish plate is big and comes with rice and veggies....and sour sauce. No curry on that one.Now for the mainless dishes....The crab cakes were a different style but it was great. Fried wontons? Not so much. The thai iced tea is spot on.Would I go again....yes I will.
1	Horrible water and average food. Chinese owned. They don't speak Thai as we found out the hard way when we spoke a little to them.Seriously though, just the fact a restaurant would serve their patrons drinking water that literally tastes like dirty dishwater should be the tipoff.
3	Not a bad place for lunch.  The green curry was spiced well, but the curry was a little thin.  The massman curry had good flavor, but next time I'll go for a spice level around 8.
4	Wonderful little place!  We were very impressed with the food and spice level.  The only negative comment is that it was a little warm in the restaurant at lunch time.  My husband is a red curry fan and said it is some of the best he has every tasted.  We will definitely be back.
4	Green chicken curry is amazing!
4	Found them on yelp cause i was craving Thai food ya heard? Ordered to go, very friendly, 20 min pick up for some dank drunken noodles.
5	Best thai in southeast valley!  Pad Thai with chicken, Fresh Rolls and Green Curry with chicken are fantastic!  Very friendly small, local business.  Great place for thai to go.  This is the best place if you are looking for quality, fresh and tasty thai food!
3	I have been thinking about trying this place for over a year and last night was the night.  Craving something spicy and craving duck.  It was a no brainer as I looked over the menu.  I ordered their duck curry to go.  They give you choice on you level of spicy 1-10 as well as Thai hot.  In my opinion, the numbering of 1-5 is sufficient but oh well...not my restaurant.  I chose 8 since I don't know the place yet.  The waitress was very pleasant when she placed my order.  It took about twenty minutes for my order to be ready..but that is not a problem providing the duck is cooked well.  The rices was nicely cooked.  The duck curry was very tasty...I might go with a 10 next time.  There were a few small tough pieces...not sure if that is normal but it was a little distracting from the taste of the actual duck.  Overall..a good place experience....maybe a dine in will add to the stars but that is all I can hand out at this time.
3	I pre-ordered a side salad with a side of chicken the order would be ready when I arrived.  I arrived and ate my salad, upon paying for the lunch I was told that the total of 9.95!!  What??  I was told that they don't have a side salad. I was like put the salad on a smal plate and cut the price in half!.  geez!!  This should have been told me to when the order was placed that they don't serve side salads!!!  A rip off!!Plus, the salad wasn't all that good.  very dry.
3	We picked up a to-go order for lunch during the work week. We hadn't heard of this place but our regular spot wasn't picking up their phone and we NEEDED Thai food so I searched Yelp. It's about 15-20 minutes away from work but that's not bad if the food is worth it. During lunch, they have a limited menu so I couldn't order papaya salad. The man on the phone said that they could make tofu larb but that it takes 20-25 minutes to prepare. I went for it -- I love the intense flavor of larb. We left about 10 minutes later to compensate for the extra preparation time. When we got there, we waited for an extra 10-15 minutes before the food was ready. Although we clocked in late, it was the best larb I'd ever had so I wasn't too bummed. I decided that I wouldn't go back for lunch during the work week but that it would be a great place for dinner. I live about 30 minutes away but a good place is worth traveling to, especially in an area with limited options. On Friday night, my husband called in an order and drove to pick it up. Thanks to my rave reviews of the larb, he went with the chicken variation. Since I had been dreaming of the tofu larb, I stuck with that. With the 30 minute drive, he still had to wait 10 or so minutes before the food was ready. No big deal but not great. My first bite of tofu was disappointing. It was nothing like before. Upon further inspection, the lettuce below was dry. They clearly hadn't put the lime and fish sauce dressing -- the reason for this salad's brilliance -- on either of our salads.  I ate the tofu and put the lettuce in the fridge for future use. It's worth noting that their website has a number of broken links and that there are items available that aren't included in their online menu. I'll try this place again but I think I'll dine in.
5	We love this place! The owners are so sweet, the food is always amazing and the service is great! I crave the Fresh Rolls daily!!! I have tried everyone of their curries and they are all wonderful and the Drunken Noodle dish is fabulous! They do a great job catering to your spice level, just let them know and they will make sure you are happy with it. I definitely recommend this little mom and pop restaurant that has cute decor and a liquor license with wine and Asian beer options. A must try if you like Thai!
5	Thai dressing is amazing! We have now been there 3 times and have enjoyed it every time.  Heat level excellent. Food flavorful. The Pad See Ew and the Thai Pots Special are amazing and we continue to order! Service is friendly and restaurant very clean. Highly recommend this restaurant.
4	This used to be Thai pots. Menus still have that name on them. Family owned, and as near as I can tell only family works there.  They need to control their kid better (or just leave him home - occasionally he was cute trying to show people to tables, but mostly he wandered around staring at people and moving chairs; I'm sure he was bored out of his mind). We showed up for lunch.  $8 lunch special. Nice decor (much better than the original Thai Pots).  Staff was friendly.We placed our order.  They didn't ask about spice level.  They rank 1-10 (with 10 being Thai-hot, a.k.a. please-kill-me-now).  Before he walked away I said "six for mine!".Shortly after a spicy soup arrived.  They didn't identify it, but it might have been tom-yum.  It was mostly broth with a few bits of vegetables in it.  But it was tasty.Then the main courses arrived.  Presentation was nice.  Rice was ample (and it turns out you can get more for free, unlike some places!).  And it had an egg roll...yes, an egg roll.  Even tasted like an egg roll.  Pretty sure that isn't really Thai.  But anyway...the food was very good.  Portion sizes were reasonable.  My "six" didn't seem like "six" to me, but at least it wasn't "one".One bummer...no brown rice.  I don't eat white rice much anymore (or JASMINE rice, as the owner proudly proclaimed...with cause, since Jasmine is probably the best of the white rices).  I just prefer brown now, but no such option here.Still, it was very good and reasonably priced.  And the ambiance is much better than the old Thai Pots.  You could easily miss this place...next to the Goodwill drop-off, sign difficult to see if you aren't right in front of it.  But it would be a shame to miss it because this is some of the best Thai food in the east valley.
5	I love this place! The Tom Kah Gai Soup which is Chicken with coconut milk, lemon grass, kaffir lime leaves, galangal, mushroom and lime juice is to die for! I always get it with my family as the appetizer. Add some rice with it and it is the perfect combination! Their beef and broccoli is great and so is their Yellow Curry. If you like Thai food I suggest you try this place! I actually just called in my lunch order :)
5	I was passing by the place , and since I like Thai food I thought I will give it a try . and I do not regret it. One of the best , the food taste good and fresh , I had 4 different dishes to go, my wife and kids loved it too. It was  very good
5	Best Thai food we've had in a while! Very nice, very clean and kid friendly... We will be back.
5	My very favorite Thai restaurant even for the entire family. I love Thai spicy kids can get no spice. Great healthy food AND I love the service too. They remember my typical drink order and preferences. You can get tofu, chicken, beef or seafood. I prefer tofu.
2	I placed a  to go order: I ordered Beef Fried rice 10.95, Thai egg roll 1.50 each, Chicken Yellow Curry 10.95, shrimp Pad Snow Peas 13.45 however the menu they showed me had the price at 12.95. (He told me they raised the price). Bizarre. And the last dish I ordered was Beef Pad Kee Mao 10.95. The restaurant was slow, and the take out took approx 45 mins. Start with Thai egg roll, glass noddles, meat and some cabbage (I think) see photo. Very bland Thai fried rice, it only had Rice, beef, onion and egg. The beef was dry!! Very dry! The entire dish was bland. After 30 mins waiting, the owner came out and said they are out of snow peas: so I changed my dish to shrimp Pad Prig Khing. This was a great dish had outstanding flavor. My complaint is that they use tiny shrimp. Horrible tiny shrimp that ended up over cooked and tough. See photo... In their menu, they advertise very large shrimp. That's was sold me on ordering the shrimp. Very disappointing. Beef Pad Kee Mao, had really good flavor. Yet the beef was very dry again... Really bad. Last was the chicken yellow curry, the chicken was dry. ( I'm assuming they use pre cooked meat) because I'm not sure why it's so dry. The curry portion was small and they added 4 very large chunks of potato. Hardly any sauce. Not a very good dish. Disappointing. I spent approx 55.00 on this food and I don't think it's worth another trip. There are plenty of really good thai restaurants that are worth the price. And, that give you the large shrimp, not salad shrimp.
4	The food here was great! We had the red curry with beef and yellow curry with chicken. Both were delicious and the perfect amount of heat thanks to the recommendation of the owner. The restaurant sits in an almost empty shopping center and there isn't signage you can see from the street. We have lived in the area 3 years and had no idea it was ever here. Thanks to Yelp we found this great place. The owner and family were there including their friendly young son. He was entertaining and trying to play with our son, it was sweet. We will be back.
3	I've been to this Thai restaurant a few times now since it's close by. The food there is pretty good. We've tried a few things from their menu ... Typically we get the panang curry & try something new. Their lunch menu is small but it's not limited as it includes a few different curry & rice combinations, a couple of fried rice & noodles choices. If you're dining in the meal comes with either soup or salad - I recommend passing on the salad as they serve it with a really sour dressing, but the soup is always quite delicious & spicy.If I were ranking the food alone, I'd probably give this restaurant 4 stars but I have to take away a star due to the service. It is always busy, especially during peak lunch time ... Definitely a popular spot. However, I think it's pretty ridiculous to have to wait when you walk in to get a table (when there are empty tables available, just no one covering the front) & just sit there after a meal waiting for the check.
5	Fabulous every time and I visit a lot! Great food , service and they (josh) owner gets to know you and what you like. I come in and say, "surprise me" and it's perfect!
5	His is my and my husbands favorite Thai place. Even in the hot weather. Always great service and the owner even remembers what you like to eat and drink! The food is always so good, I've even just told him to surprise me when ordering. Love it.
5	As you can see by my previous check ins, I love this place. The dinner menu is very extensive with some nice different options. Even my teenage son likes it. They do a lot of take out orders at dinner but I enjoy coming at night as it's very relaxing and soothing with the right music and lighting.
4	My husband and I have been here roughly 8 times before. I have to say that the customer service is amazing because by our third time being here, the owner already new exactly what we were going to order! They are always super friendly, but at time you are left hanging a little bit without seeing your waiter for an extended amount of time. The food is pretty good out of most Thai restaurants I've been too. Their Pad Won Sen, Pad See Ew, and Pad Thai are my top 3 favorite meals of all time their. Their food is very flavorful, and when you want your food spicy they really hit that mark. I currently don't live in chandler anymore but this is definitely a place that I miss eating at!
