3	Ahh, Grand Chateau ... it started off beautifully.  I fell for your relaxing nature.  The lobby had no slot machines or other casino games, it was like a getaway from the strip.  And I didn't have to walk through an entire casino floor just to get to the elevator to my room.  The location was a block away from the strip but still close enough to make me feel like I was in Vegas.  The rooms were so nice!  It was painted a sunny yellow.  And there was a kitchen with granite counters.  And a huge glass dining table.  There was a flat screen in the living room.  There was also a washer and dryer in the room.  And in the bedroom was a a vanity mirror with a sink and across from it a huge tub.  But I think I fell the hardest for your shower, which had two heads, and two heads are always better than one. We were there a week.  I thought I'd want to stay forever but then I started to notice the signs that we couldn't last.  The bathrooms wouldn't lock properly - you wouldn't give me any privacy.  And then I had to nag for clean towels, asking for it up to four times until I finally got them, days after I first asked.  I tried to be a sport about it and wash it myself but then the dryer took it hostage and wouldn't open up and give them back.  But when you let the garbage pile up ... that's when I knew it was over.  I knew you had no maids but I thought - surely, you'd help out to make an effort to make me feel comfortable.  I was pampered for sure but not taken care of.  And that's why you only get three stars.  I don't know if I'd return ... that remains to be seen.
4	Okay, so maybe the styrofoam coming off the building sometimes was weird or the tapping from the construction, but this place is great.I've stayed at timeshares before, so it wasn't a surprise that we didn't have someone picking up our crap every morning.  The unit was big, comfortable, and a welcome home for our 6 day trip.  I agree with Lorraine that the washer/dryer was rude though, making us wait until it felt ready to open up.  The trick with the towels is the pool.  While they give you only enough for what seems like 2 people when you check-in, there is a never ending supply for pool guests.  A few here, a few there, and before you know it, we had about 100 towels left for housekeeping when we checked out.Everyone who worked there was helpful and accommodating, especially our new friend Gauge, the valet guy, who was always around at 4am to say hi; except for the head of security who wouldn't give my sick friend a key to our room even after talking to me on the phone.The pool left a bit to be desired in terms of size, but with the hot tub and bar right there, we quickly got over it (damn you Vegas and you're law against deep pools).All-in-all the location was awesome, the rooms were clean and new, and having a kitchen for your group when you get home late is a whole new experience.  I'd definitely stay again.
3	This place is alright.   We stayed there last weekend and thought that the place was pretty cool.   The 1 bedroom has a nice kitchen with a large fridge, microwave, stove, and coffee maker.   The living room has a decent sofa bed and a large flat screen TV hanging on the wall.   The bedroom is large, with a nice king size bed, a bathtub inside the room, and a bathroom with shower and toilet that can be accessed directly from the bedroom or from the hallway across from the kitchen.My parents bought a week vacation as a timeshare for about $1000, so I think all in all it's basically costing them about $142 a night.  Not bad, really, but then again you don't get room service for that price, which means although they're happy to bring you towels or even bedsheets, they won't clean your bathroom or make your bed.   Well, they will, they say, but it'll cost you $50 for the privilege.Taking that into account and the fact that they have a pathetic excuse for a swimming pool, I'm not impressed.   Yeah, it's nice and quiet and out of the way of the hubbub of the strip, but really it ain't all that cheap.I think it's a *great* solution, though, for those who want to travel on the cheap and spend most of their money gambling or partying with prostitutes...   There were lots of young twentysomthings here (very quiet, mind you... We didn't hear loud partying) and that makes sense... Get a 2 bedroom suite and 6 guys crashing in there...  You can buy your own booze, make your own food, drink lots of alcohol and get call girls to come to your room...  Alright let me be crude... if you're poor and you come to vegas to drink and fuck, then this is a great place to stay.   If you actually care about the amenities and want to feel like you're living the glam rock star life for a weekend, go to a nice show, have a nice drink at a cool bar, etc, etc... then the Grand Chateau is *definitely* not the place for you.
3	We gave the room at Marriott Grand Chateau to my parents and we did get a chance to check out the room. The 1-bedroom unit wasn't bad. We were surprised that there was only a bathroom because our 1-bedroom unit in Marriott's Maui has 2 bathrooms. Then again, every Marriott Vacation club resort is slightly different. My parents complained about the bed. Too soft. The hotel is under construction and is projected to be completed in 2010. We signed up for the sales presentation and the asking price for 1-bedroom unit is $18K. Few years ago, the price was 12k. Otherwise, the Marriott unit is better than where we stayed...Carriage House. Marriott Grand Chateau is newer but is little off from the strip. You would have to take a shortcut by going thru Mirale Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood to avoid the hot sun blazing on you. If we come to the sin city, we would stay at a 5-star hotel on the strip.
4	So me and the GF bought the vacation package for 1k last year to see if we really wanted to invest in the timeshare.The staff was very friendly and the valets always had our car ready by the time we walked out the front door. I loved that i did not have to walk through a cowded casino and gag on clouds of smoke with ocean's of tacky dressed tourist like other places in LV. That fact that this is place is brand new also added to the delight of staying here. Our bed was always made everyday and our out towels and toiletries were always kept stocked. I also fell in love with the shower. having a microwave and actual kitchenware was awesome.I was disappointed with the kiddie pool they had on the rooftop but the bar and the hot tub made up for it. According to the construction plans they showed us they are suppose to be building a full size pool on a lower floor once the 2ND tower goes up. Speak of the 2ND tower and this is also another reason i took away the 5Th star is that construction started really early. I was woken up a couple of times around 6-7am by the noise coming from the rising of the 2ND tower.i did not mind walking 1/2 of a black to be on a the strip especially when u can cut through the shops @ Planet Hollywood (Aladdin). If it wasn't for me spending so much money already on that trip I probably would have bought the timeshare. we actually split our 1 week into 2 trips so perhaps next time we visit the things i disliked will be different.
4	Under construction when we went there.  We loved it though, aside from the construction noise.  Location is perfect IMO, out of a casino, a half-block off the strip, in what I'd consider a rather prime location.When they finish it, and it's quiet, this could be a 5-star spot for me.
4	I stayed here my honeymoon and the property was better than I thought after seeing the mixed reviews on yelp. It was actually a great alternative to the typical casino rooms that I have stayed in the past. No more going through a crowded casino and getting lost to find the elevators to your room. Since all Marriott properties are non-smoking, it was relieving to actually breathe fresh air in a hotel. The staff at the front desk was friendly and guaranteed my requests of a corner room on a high floor. The one bedroom villa was amazing. My wife and I were truly excited when we first opened the door. There was a full service kitchen on the left and a washer/dryer behind a closet. Straight across were the dining room and the living room behind it. To the right was the bedroom and bathroom. The bathroom was so huge that it was actually bigger than some of the Vegas rooms we stayed in. Since your villa is equipped with a refrigerator and full service kitchen, you should take advantage of the shuttle that runs from Saturday - Tuesday. They will take you to the Vons grocery store, so you can stock up on groceries and anything your heart desires. Of course, we overstocked ourselves because we mostly ate out. Nonetheless, this is a great way to save money and spend it elsewhere. There is also a daily shuttle that runs over to the Fashion Show Mall near the Wynn. Depending on how you are, staying at the Marriott Chateau may or may not be the place to stay at. This is not the place for the younger crowd as the majority of the people who stay here are older adults and senior citizens. As for the construction complaints that I read on yelp, I did not hear any whatsoever. I guess it depends which location you are in. Overall, this place exceeded my expectations. The rooms are spacious, the staff was friendly, the shuttle was convenient as well as the location. It's roughly about a $10 cab ride from the airport. You are just 1/2 block away from the Strip and you could walk through the Miracle Mile Shops to avoid the heat. Highly recommended for long term stays.
4	Located off the strip, but 5 minute walk from Planet Hollywood. We had an employee discount so $400 for 2 nights, in a 2 bedroom, 2 bath, kitchen, pretty nice suite. You can't complain about that! The view from the 38th pool/outdoor bar is nice. The pool area is kind of weak. Very small. The rooms are nice. The cleaning isn't that great. They didn't even make my bed (well I slept on the couch, but you get my point). The place wasn't really cleaned in between days. The horrible thing is: Check-out is at 10 AM (although they extended it to 11). Check-in was at 4 PM, although we got our room at around 2:30ish after our 12-hour gambling marathon.
5	My husband and I own a timeshare and decided to trade it in for staying at the Grand Chateau. I had read reviews that there was construction going on, but when we went, they were working on the inside of the rooms so we never had any noise issues.The location is great! It's located on the southern side of the Strip right by the Miracle Shops/Planet Holleywood. They have a shuttle service that'll get you about mid-strip and drop you off at the Fashion Mall which would often times spare our feet.The rooms were lovely. Granite counter tops, copper sinks, jacuzzi tub, duel shower heads, flat screen tv, I seriously couldnt complain. The wifi was really shoddy, but I was able to get online and make reservations while we stayed there.They dont have a casino and are 100% smoke free which is awesome because I cant STAND the smell of cigs and it's nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip and lay your head down to peace and quiet.They have a small convenient store with overpriced items, but sometimes when you dont want to make the walk, it's nice to have one there. We didnt check out the pool as it was Feb when we went and much too cold so I cant comment on that. Service was always excellent and we'd DEFINITELY stay here again!
4	Stayed here w/ the fambam this past Labor Day weekend cuz we have timeshare.  It was beautiful.  I especially loved the indoor jacuzzi tub in one of the rooms.  Damn it, my mom called it first so I let her have that room.  Its okay, I got the room w/ the King Sized bed!!!  =)  We had a suite, so the living room was connected to the kitchen which was a nice chillin area.  Only sad thing was that this hotel had the view of construction since they were building new buildings on the strip.  The rooftop pool could've been bigger as well.  Oh wells, not trying to be picky cuz a vacation is for you to make the most of your stay =)The staff was friendly especially the Valet staff.  Tipping did become expensive especially for 5 days and using the car more than once a day.  Oh wells.  I had a wonderful stay here!!!!  And although this is located a lil off the strip, it wasn't too bad of a location, but kinda hard to miss if not careful.  =)
1	BEAUTIFUL PROPERTY bad business.  Don't build a property, if you need people to pay for it.  We were invited to visit this property in Las Vegas  for a mere $21,000.00 USD  I could buy a condo for 2 weeks of vacation. Actual cost $36,900.00Sound good?  With a minium 10% down and a 13.99% interest rate over 10 years I would be able to vacation for the rest of my life.  I can will it sell it or gift it.  Here are the very odd catches.  I have to pay $1200.00 in "up-keep"  a sort of HOA I have to pay between $49.00 and 205.00 per vacation  SOOOOOOOO I did some math  If I stay only in the hotel, cook all of my meals from food I have bought on the local economy (it is a world wide vacation club), paid for my airfare, take NO sight seeing trips and pay for house keeping services (it is not a hotel but a condo, in a hotel or resort) I would pay on average. for my first 20 vacations,$85,650.80 (travel Fees, transfers, rental cars, taxis)  + 36,900.00 (Membership) + 1200.00 (MX Fees) a grand total of $6187.54 + 420.00 (30.00 a day for Maid service)  $6607.54.  I have been vacationing for 15 years and I have NEVER spent $6600.00 on ANY VACATION  and I vacation very well  be-it in the USA or abroad.  This place is a TOTAL RIP OFF.
4	We spent a week in this family friendly time share hotel, got the 2 bedroom "villa" compliments of my sis.  I was pleasantly surprised at how well thought out this place is.  With a full kitchen, washer and dryer, I totally overpacked since my mama was doing laundry everyday for some reason.  The rooftop pool is a nice touch but it's a bit small for so many people.  And the smoking area by the tiny "rooftop bar" is a bit disturbing especially considering most kids hang out by the pool.  The mandatory complimentary valet is a bit frustrating as well.  But besides from that, this is a nice place to stay.  We had 3 LCD TV's, 42 incher in the living room and 32 incher in each of the bedrooms so we can all watch our own programming.  The DVD player and full stereo set up also make the week go by faster.  Word of advise, it's really a bore to stay in Vegas for an entire week with seniors and kids.
5	WHAT HAPPENS IN VEGAS....GETS POSTED ON YELP!My aunt owns a timeshare and she decided for Mother's Day weekend to use it at the Marriott Grand Chateau!  Can I just say, "WELL PLAYED AUNTIE!  WELL PLAYED!"She got the 3 bedroom suite which was literally way too much room for 10 people!  We had three rooms and one of the suites was just for me, my brother, and cousin!  The rooms included a living room with pull-out couch, kitchen, washer and dryer, HUGE bathroom, and HUGE master room!  I know that rooms aren't important in Vegas but I AIN'T MAD AT LUXURY!  Even if it's only for sleeping!It's great to feel like you are at home even if you are away from your home, it makes the vacation that much more enjoyable.  I suggest we all get timeshares!  Let's do it!
5	All that i look for in a suite... felt like we never left home it had everything you need and then some... no cigarette smoke everywhere, we had checked out of the mgm grand cuz it was a grand full of cigarette smoke... we have kids so the grand chatteau was just right for us... yea, yea, yea, no casino in da bldg but who cares go across da street to planet hollywood if you get the shakes and need to gamble... well, if you're that hard up for a casino in your hotel then this place isn't for you... oh yea, the washer and dryer in our suite most people may not need it but we loved it!!!! now we don't have to worry about doin laundry when we came home from vacation... another plus this marriott is CLEAN!!!! and very comfortable had a 42" flat screen in our room... a tub by our bedside and a dining table that seats 6... not to mention a full size kitchen.... with 2 sofa beds in a 2 bdrm suite... as for the pool we didn't mind it was very small but the marriott guests have   access to planet hollywood... i guess that's probly the BAD about the marriott but it didn't stop me from giving them 5 stars. to end this review if you like big suites with  all the upgrades in your room with an actual living room and cleanliness and you get more for your buck this is the right hotel for you... if you like small rooms that our just like any ordinary rooms in a grand hotel with casino's and bars then look elswhere. but i will definately stay here next time
2	Seriously I feel bad watching the people getting roped into this timeshare.  The hotel itself is a nice place but beyond that it sucks.  The valet parking is a disaster.  You cannot self park at this hotel everything is valet.  Who ever runs the valet parking department really needs to sit down and get organized.  The driveway they have is limited to 3 lanes...one of which is usually blocked by a taxi cab.  On a good day all that will be there is the taxi cab but when it gets closer to the weekend forget about it.  One time we were waiting for our car to come out and the valet brought out 3 cars of people who arrived after us.  We had to go over to the valet and ask him what the deal was and the guy had no clue about anything.The pool is a joke also.  I've seen backyard pools look nicer and their Sky Lounge which seems so great is hardly anyplace you want to go to.  About the only good thing about the pool/sky lounge is the rooftop view of the strip.The rooms are nice, we had a 3 room suite complete with kitchen and a living room.  Being the first time in a timeshare I thought it's kinda retarded that you don't get fresh towles but you have to wash them yourself.  Same thing goes with soap, toilet paper, etc....you have to call someone to bring you up some.  It does solve the problem a little bit but I would prefer that they just do it automatically.  Also it would be nice if they washed their outer windows more than once a year.  I swear there was a nice layer of dirt making vegas look a poo brown when you look out the window.The location is is a decent spot too, which is right next to the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood so there's plenty of shops/food places to go to if you don't feel like driving around.  I would complain about the road construction going on around the hotel but that seems like a problem everywhere around the strip.
5	I have a timeshare thru Mystic Dunes in Orlando, which I traded for a week in Vegas at the Marriott. This hotel is VERY nice and clean, a nonsmoking facility, except for the roof top bar. I picked this hotel from others offered thru Interval Travel with help from these great reviews. When I return to Vegas I will definitely stay here again. The rooms are large and clean. We had a king size bed and a pull out couch. There was also a small fridge, sick and microwave in the little kitchen area. The bathroom was also very large. Because it's a timeshare resort, there is no daily maid service. You can request service which is usually just making the bed for a fee. Fresh towels and other amenities are available free of charge. There is a 24 mini store near the reception desk that has most needed things. There is a small rooftop pool with a bar. The good thing is guests can also use the pools at MGM and Rio for free. We used Rio's pools and beach pool, which are great!! This resort is just half a block off the strip. Very centrally located next to Planet Hollywood Resort. The Concierge was very helpful and booked our Grand Canyon/Hoover Damn bus tour.  All parking is valet, but we didn't have a vehicle, so it didn't affect us.  No casino in the building, but all the others are right outside.  Can't wait to come back here!!!!
5	This is officially my favorite hotel in Vegas! I'm a huge fan of the non-gaming/smoking hotels (I hate walking thru nasty smoked out casinos). Me and three of my girls stayed here in the 2bdrm/2bath villa. The room was huge and had more than enough space. Having the 2nd Bathroom is definitely advised with a group of 4 girls! We made our way to the grocery store prior to checking-in and stocked up on all the "basic" Vegas Necessities (i.e. Alcohol, Mixers, BOTTLED WATER and snackys for late night grubbing). The staff was super chill and always ready to help out with all of our requests. They even have a 24 hour mini store located in the lobby that has just about anything you need! The only downside is the pool sucks! Tons of kids and splashing...not very relaxing. On a higher note, Planet Hollywood is directly across the street and Marriott guests have access to their pool! Overall - 2 Thumbs Up! Can't wait to go back...
5	12 of us gals stayed here for a triple bachelorette party. We got two large suites (2 sets of adjoining rooms, 4 total rooms) across the hall from each other. The set up was sweet. Pros-don't have to walk through a casino to get out of the hotel-smoke-free hotel-no sounds of partiers (except for us)-airline ticket print out kiosk by the bell desk-kiddie corner to Planet Hollywood's shopping area-lots of sleeping space (each room had a queen and a sofa bed)-full kitchen Cons-across the street from construction (no crosswalk - danger!)-no hotel restaurant (also a pro?)-not enough shampoo and conditioner for a suite (6 women + 1 bottle of shampoo + 1 bottle of conditioner = lots of bad hair)-check out is at 10a (way too early)Like other yelpers, we also stocked up on food and other basics for the room. The rooms were very clean, didn't reek of smoke at all (lots of non-smoking room in LV still smell stinky), and the folks who worked there seemed genuinely nice every time they helped us. I also noticed a lot of families staying here, which is a good sign that this place is great for kids and families. However I did feel a twang of shame when we all got dressed up for our night out. Some of us were pretty scantily clad and when the 12 of us walked through the lobby, I felt bad for the parents who had little girls there. How do you explain that?? I didn't take advantage of any of the hotel amenities but I have to say that this is one of the most comfortable, clean, and affordable places I've ever stayed in LV. I'll definitely come back again.
5	After some thought about my original review, I realize that we could have asked for extra shampoo and conditioner. There were 6 of us after all (thanks Daniel L. for pointing this out to me). Duh. So I won't ding them for our stupidity.
4	got a suite for the weekend. my first weekend in vegas by the way. i have no recollection of the evenings but i sure had fun in the afternoons. one of the rooms had a hot tub and throwing the towels in the dryer before jumping in got me some bedroom points. made use of the fully furnished kitchen. the location kinda sucked with all the construction, making it hard to find the first time around but it was darn close to the strip. everything i needed was at arms reach or around the corner. i think vegas is my new obsession
5	I've stayed in almost every hotel on the famous Las Vegas Strip. This is, by far, my favorite. And it doesn't even have a casino! Planet Hollywood, The MGM, and The Bellagio are all right across the street if you want to gamble or go to a club. If you don't like those places, the strip is only steps away. Just about every room is a one or two bedroom suite. All with full kitchens and luxurious bathrooms. The living rooms and bedrooms are equipped with flat screen televisions and couches with a pull-out bed. There is a bar on the roof next to the pool and spa. That's right.... The pool is on the roof!!!!!! And the view from up there is spectacular. I get free rooms at all of the Harrah's properties and at the Venitian, on occasion. But if I am going to pay for a room in Vegas the Grand Chateau is choice number one.
5	I was very satisfied with my stay. The room was very clean, nice furniture, spacious. Not that I used it, but the kitchen was stocked with any appliance or instrument you could ever need. Stove and fridge were spotless. Contrary to what I had read, they do a daily clean up in the room, mainly make bed and refresh towels. The pool was nice, quiet and scenic.  Being a mostly middle-aged, not exactly fit crowd, I felt very comfortable. My only complaint is the shower head. There are 2 of them, but neither one packs a sufficient punch. The staff was very courteous. They could not accommodat my request for late check out, though, as they said they were too booked. Their checkout time is 10:00. I find that rather early, especially seeing it's Vegas.
5	Stayed here last time I went to Las Vegas, for 2 or 3 nights.  I got a sweet deal on this place that included a $100 Visa Gift Card, which is the main reason I'm giving it 5 stars. The place was brand spanking new when I was first here in Aug. of 08., the lobby is pretty impressive for a Marriott name.  The only problem I initially had with the place was full valet parking, really sucks having to tip the guys every time you come or leave the place.  My room was extremely clean and new, there is a certain feeling being inside a brand new room that gets you feeling at ease.  I did also have the chance to make it out to their rooftop pool and bar.  Pretty decent views of Las Vegas from here, but don't expect a scene from Rehab here.  Other than that, the location for me was very good because they were right next to the newly opened and renovated Planet Hollywood.  Had one of my most memorable "Vegas" moments on the Casino floor.  Anyhow, to receive my $100 Visa card I had to sit and listen to a salesperson try and close a timeshare or sell one of the condos.  Wasn't too bad, and was thankful that I made it through without keeling over.
4	A good friend of mine had booked this place but then couldn't make it out west to use it. I was lucky enough to get offered a week's stay and jumped on the chance!This is a timeshare property and like all the Marriott timeshare properties, look and feel the same in the units. Each unit is equipped with everything you would need for your stay -- especially in the kitchen! -- but the only thing they don't do is offer maid service every single day, clean up of your room, emptying out of trash, replacing fresh towels (although if you want fresh towels they will accommodate that for free) that kind of stuff.I do like having a washer and dryer inside the unit, plus a full kitchen complete with a stove/oven and a full-sized refrigerator. Our one bedroom villa has a king sized bed plus a pull out sofa bed in the living room -- it's not terribly comfortable though.The shower has 2 faucets but when you turn both on, one compensates for the other so one is very cold if you want the other one hot enough to feel comfortable. There is also a large tub in the bedroom if you want to take a bubble bath. There are two vanity areas -- one in the bathroom itself and one by the tub in the bedroom. There is also a TV in the living room and another in the bedroom, although the one in the bedroom is an old style one.I like everything about this place except, well, it's a timeshare, so they try to hard sell you when they find out you're not an owner. They want you to sit through one of those timeshare presentations (ugh, been there done that more than I'd like to remember) and they will give you free show tickets. Of course I passed! There is nothing worse than having to sit through one of those timeshare presentations because they tell you one hour, but my experience has always been around 3 hrs or more. By then, they have left such a bad taste in my mouth that the remainder portion of my vacation would be that I'd want to leave the property right away.I told the concierge that I'll think about it and get back to her.... well she won't be hearing back from me that's for sure! If you like the feel of living in an apartment rather than a hotel and don't mind not having maid services every single day, this is a really good option to think about for your next stay!  You don't have to own a time share to stay in one of these --- they rent them out like a hotel -- just look around!!I can't tell you value for money because we didn't pay to stay here, but I can tell you that it's nice not having to constantly go out because the hotel room is too cramped to have a little space of your own. Right now, I can be in one room while the others are in the living room. I can also make something to eat without having to go out every single time I am feeling hungry.Parking is valet only -- but it's free -- just tip. I know a lot of people don't like to valet their cars, but whenever we are in Vegas, we always valet so it makes no difference to me! This is also a smoke-free and non-gaming property so for me it's really great since I have a child.A stellar 4-stars!
4	We check out tomorrow morning...boo hoo...this has been a good place to stay!The followinfg are all 5 stars - the friendly staff, the quality of the service, the overall comfort and ambiance of the lobby and suites,  the cleanliness of all things, the generally good accessiblity for people of all physical abilities and the location.The following 2 star items  bring the overall rating down - .for a timeshare property this size the exercise room, although well appointed, is just too small. And the pool (Iocated on the roof top) is small and inadequate for a property of this size with walkways nearly impossible to navigate due to too many packed into too small a space.This is our eighth visit to Las Vegas in fifteen yeas and the first time we've stayed at this property; each of our other stays were at various on strip casino hotels.  We liked this location which is just a couple of blocks off the strip on E. Harmon and an easy walk to the new City Center, Bellgaio and other casinos.  It also worked well to have a suite with full kitchen and washer / dryer since we were  staying a week.Parking in the associated garage on property is (top notch) valet only but included in the room rate and is unlimited in and out daily.  (Admittedly, though, the tips do add up if you're coming and going.)The Marriott Grand Chateau has no maid service for visits of one week or less.  However, they will provide clean towels on reqest, have a conveninet trash drop off on each floor to empty the garbage from kitchen and baths.  A "freshing" maid service or full clean are both available for a charge if you need cleaning during your stay.We had a few  minor maintenance issues with our suite which we found the evening that we checked in...broken lid on the coffee pot caused it to leak, the kickplate on the dishwasher popped off when the appliance was started, the bedskirt on the bed was torn.  We reported them the next morning on our way out and when we returned that afternoon all was cared for...bed skirt replaced and bed remade, new coffee pot and repaired dishwasher along with a thank you from the maintenance man and a couple of chocolates too...nice touch!Also important for people who need accessible (aka ADA) rooms for themselves or those who travel with them, this hotel has accessible rooms, including some  with roll in showers, on upper view floors.  Just like the ADA requires, distributed among all locations and classes of service, while many others in LV segregate the accessible rooms to the lowest floors or worst locations or least desireable classes of service in a building and have needed to be sued and forced to follow the law.  (Some hospitality.) Thumbs up for this property for  gettubg equal access right  too.
5	Staying here right now and exchanged my Marriott Timber Lodge week for a week here. One thing I really like about the Marriott's is that everyone has a very similar feel to it...makes you instantly feel comfortable if you visit or own Marriott weeks. It's just a few hundred feet off the strip, no casino on the grounds, but has the typical excellent service staff that is polite, easy going, and gets you taken care of quickly. Depending on what side of the tower you're in you'll either see a good view of the airport (kinda boring I know but I like the planes taxi-ing all over, or different views of the strip). Super clean room, quiet hallways, quick elevators, bar and pool on the roof, and a great off the strip jump-off point to start roaming.We used the concierge a lot the first two days. The Marriott concierge always seem to be edging out every other concierge on the strip for good info. They don't have the same access to show tickets and such but they will get you any dinner reservation, car rental, or skinny on just about everything to do in Vegas. Dianne got us everything we needed and was incredibly helpful. Another A+ service from Marriott.I am already an owner but I did go on another tour. While I didn't buy here at the Chateau I did buy a week in Panama City, Florida. The team here really is low to no pressure. I just travel a lot and it made sense...the sales/promos they had running this week were hard to pass up and I obviously didn't pass. You do get gifts if you're offered a tour or signed up for one. I did get $100 for my tour...I think you'll get $150 if a couple goes. MARRIOTT IS NOT YOUR TYPICAL TIMESHARE HARD PUSH SALE ENVIRONMENT. They are relaxed and easy going...just be honest but fair with them.  You'll probably spend 1 hour or so on a tour and expect to eat up 3-4 hours if you end up buying. Good thing is you can head across the street to the Miracle Mill shops for lunch or something while the paperwork is being created. Now, there is always some question on should I rent a car or shall I not. I'd say don't get a car for a week. No need unless you want to be stuck in traffic a lot or plan on spending a lot of time out of Vegas. Marriott offers shuttles back and forth to the grocery store (we made almost every breakfast in the room, ate lunch in 3 times, and dinner in once). Eating in will save you a ton of cash. Marriott also offers hourly FREE shuttles to the fashion park (near the Wynn). A few times we took the free shuttle to the park than caught a much cheaper cab ride to Fremont Street. Otherwise, we pretty much walked everywhere and that's good since you can start burning off all those calories you eat while you're here.Typical taxi ride from Marriott area (includes Paris, MGM, Caesars, PH, and City Center (Mandarin/Aria)) will run you $20-$25...taxi ride from the Wynn/Fashion Park area should run you ~$10. We did rent a car from Enterprise for a day (Toyota Camry) and paid ~$40. Took a trip to the Ethel M Chocolate Factory and Hoover Damn. That was worth it but everything else around The Strip/Fremont Street can be reached by free shuttles and quick cab rides. The car itself may be cheap to rent depending on what you get but add all the valet fees or parking fees (validation does help) things add up really quick.Overall, Marriott is a 5 star place to stay. Good access, no smoking, clean rooms, friendly environment, top-notch service.
3	This hotel is quite nice, right off the strip and reasonably priced. The only gripe I have is that the check out time is 10:00AM. I called down expecting the de rigeur late check out but, no such luck. In Vegas...really? You've gotta be kidding me.I wish there was an option for half stars as would have given it 3.5 stars. Of course I'm writing this on very little sleep so maybe I'm a bit grumpy.
5	Amazing property. The location is right in the middle of the strip on a little side street. You can walk outside and cross a crosswalk and be at the doors to Miracle Mile and cut through the air conditioned mall directly to the strip. I stayed in a two bedroom villa with three other guys and I couldn't have been happier, tons of room for everyone to stretch out. The sofabeds aren't the greatest to sleep on but they work. As for the timeshare aspect, while I was there I wasn't asked about it once however about a week prior to my stay I received a phone call from them about a tour and then the day before I also received another call about the same subject. Like I said before though, I didn't hear a peep once at the actual property. I love the fact that it's not a casino so you don't have to wade through the normal garbage to get to your room and it also makes up for a quieter stay. Keep in mind we were there during 4th of July weekend and during UFC 116 so there were tons of people and I didn't hear a peep out of any other room.
3	I didn't know how to review the Marriot...If it was just a hotel in Vegas, I would give it 4.5 stars... However, this was booked through our timeshare...Here goes the positives: Great location.... less than 5 minutes from the strip.... Really quick to check in.... No pressure for the timeshare presentation.. It took 1 hour and 10 minutes.. Received a 75 dollar gift card.... They do free valet parking.... Room was clean.... Bed was nice... Kitchen was good...Here goes the negatives: No restaurant...... Small pool on the roof..... It was ok, but looked like a little kid pool... The gym is garbage... It really is.... The room is solid but little things bothered me... The light switches are in a weird spot when you enter the bedroom... The lights take a while to warm up when you flip the switch... The pressure in the shower is minimal...... They don't offer maid service unless you want to pay 70 plus per day .......I would never buy a timeshare here... However, for 30 bucks a night in Vegas, it works great.....
1	Also staying here right now. And paid for a 2 bedroom villa at the AAA price. I'll get to the point... I booked a 2 rooms: 1 king and 2 queens and was confirmed several times via Internet... needed it because I have kids... and was given 1 king and 1 king after paying full price. This sucks!! The front desk finally gave us a mattress which they assured would be "the same as a real bed" what they brought up was a dirty old mattress just placed inside the front door... I'll include a picture to prove my point. When asked where is the rest of the bed, they said that they didn't have any cots to put it on. I was expected to sleep on the mattress on the floor. They said they would take $20 off my $200 bill for a day, but my expectations were so high based on the yelp review that this was a total let down because I was promised 1 king & 2 doubles. Lesson learned. It is so not worth paying full price for this place. By the way, this place is filled with younger partying kids (thank god the loud music above us stopped at 11pm), so don't expect it to be safe for family fun due to no casino. The good thing is there is a 24 hour market below, but expect to pay 6xs the price for everything. It's just for emergencies. The 1 gallon water costs $6. The 1 pint orange juice cost $6. Last time our family will be staying here. Thank God it's only for 1 day.
5	Excuse me, but how do you spell awesome? Right, this place was freaking AWESOME!We got the cheapest room, but it looked fantastic!  We got a king size bed, roll out futon sofa, and a small kitchen area. Felt like we got a mini suite. Place was a bit off the strip but it was nice to sway away when our group was ready to retire from the night(morning).Worst part, no casino. Eh, can't complain too much cause right next door was PH and we got our gambling fix everywhere.
1	This is is our second time around here the first time is not been a good experience now we tried it again and there you go another frustrations. We came here to this city to watch Pacquiao and Margarito WBC super welterweight Title Bout in the Close Circuit Viewing Party in Encore Theater. And to make the Story short, they made a mistake in giving us a room and when we settled in we notice that the key card is not working so i went to the front desk and they said we need to transfer to another room because they made a mistake writing down the correct room number and I said we're running late actually,(and we already put our groceries in the refrigerator) the Boxing match is starting @ around 6pm and its already 4:45pm so i asked them if it is possible just to let us stay in this particular room since its basically the same only the numbers differs and the front desk lady told me they can't and they will help us to move when we comeback from the show. So asked them if there's any logical reason why we cant just have this room? they have no answer but, they just can't. so I went back to the front desk and ask them to give as a temporary key card so we can come in to our room after the show. They gave me a couple, but all of us are stressed-up because we're thinking we might going to be late. Then Later on they contacted us and informed us that they will no longer moving us to another room and gave us $50 Debit Visa Gift Card for the confusion. Sorry my overall experience is already not good, maybe next time its gonna be better.
4	Rooms were clean and staff was friendly.  It was a nice change of pace to not have a casino inside.
3	Nothing fancy here.....Great location, no room service, rooms are small.  I am a Marriot Silver Elite member, I asked for a room on high floor, booked 3 months in advance, and I was given a room on 9th floor, just above the valet garage where they honk horns all night long.  The walls in room are paper thin,m we could hear the people nest door blowing their nose, REALLY!!!This hotel should not be rated anything but a 3 star, it feels like a dressed up Best Western.  No amenities AT ALL!
2	Just an update, just adding another star for the apology they gave us.....
5	Best. Hotel. In Vegas.Three of us stayed here for six nights while in town for a conference.  We booked a two bedroom suite and it was great.  Plenty of room, a dining room table, a full kitchen, a giant soaking tub in the master bedroom, awesome views of the new City Center, a rooftop pool and bar, does it get any better?  Yes it does!  No casino to get lost in and the entire hotel is 100% smoke free.  Heaven.  It takes 10-15 minutes to walk to the Bellagio and will be even quicker when the hotel across the street opens.The next time I am in Vegas I will be staying at this hotel.
2	Don't stay here if you have any expectations for internet access.  Sure, they claim free wifi, but it's nearly unusable.  (att wifi)  There's no ethernet in the rooms.  If you don't care about that, it's an ok hotel.   kind of old fashioned though.  close enough to the strip and access to casino.
1	We were in the studio which was pretty small.  No sign of the kitchenette that we were supposed to get when I made a reservation.  Tried to upgrade and they said that they could not do it.  Really!!!!  Its Xmas time, Las Vegas is empty!  I know the hotel was not full judging by how many rooms had USA Todays in front of them.  So much for being a silver marriott member.  Definitely wont stay here again.In case you do go, they have lots of activities as advertised but mainly for people into crafts or perhaps kids.  No sign of pilates or Yoga classes that they also advertise on the web.  Gym was well maintained though.  Pool on the roof is small...hot tub is nice.  Rooftop bar is only open for 2 hours a day.  What? Silly me, I thought we were in Vegas.
1	Worst place to stay in Vegas!!!!! Keys didn't work and they accused us of loitering even after showing ID. The white girl at the desk would not acknowledge the fact that my id was the same as the I'd and credit card number that my room was reserved under. She only acknowledged the fact that our key card didn't work "well if ur key card doesn't work then I guess it doesn't belong here???" even tho it did. I showed my ID and the credit card and they were both verified and this blonde bitch just kept saying "well.... I guess it's the wrong card??? Do u like... have the like.... like the right one????" I mean cmon!!!!
3	We stayed here for a week over the holidays, we were in the 1 bedroom suite on the 20th floor.I loved that the hotel is non-smoking and did not have a casino, but, was still in the middle of all the action. It had nice linens, was very clean and the staff was great. I also loved having a washer/dryer in our room to bring home clean clothes and pack light. We vacationed as a couple, but, thought this was definitely a more family oriented place to stay.Since we were not owners, we opted to do the presentation to see if it was something we would be interested in. There was not any pressure at all, just a quick review of how it works and we walked away with all the information we need and two free tix to the Blue Man Group. It took about 45 minutes.Couple downers...there isn't a restaurant in the hotel and the bar is open only a couple hours. Drinks in the little store are pricey. The internet service was free, but, impossible to use it was so slow. Small pool and our room was missing the big tub we saw in the photos. The hotel overall just lacks the feeling of being in Las Vegas when you're inside. It is decorated nicely, but, I kinda expected a little Vegas!
5	we stayed here during our winter break (through our timeshare) and this place is beautiful!  then again all marriotts r like plush resorts and u can't go wrong staying at these kind of places.  it's right off the strip and across the street from the planet hollywood casino.  we had the 2 bedroom unit.  the place wuz immaculate, nice view of the strip, and in the master bedroom, they had a jacuzzi tub (for 2 people) and the shower had 2 shower heads!  how cool is that?  we didn't cook cuz we figured since we're in vegas, we have 2 eat out.  the kitchen and living room wuz nice, roomy, and comfy.  we all had a relaxing stay  with the valet parking (included, just gave them tip)  definitely choosing this place again wen we go back 2 vegas!
4	We stayed here because of a timeshare presentation.  The property itself is what we would expect from a Mariott timeshare.  I have been to a couple presentations, though I would never buy one directly from the source since the resale market appears to be much better despite the first right of refusal clause.  Normal rates are pretty for what you get, but if you have tolerance for the presentation, you cannot beat that.Pros: no smoking, no casino, kitchenette, location in busy part of the stripCons: timeshare presentation but there are regular bookings, they were really nagging me about bringing my wife along
1	I'm platinum Marriott Rewards customer so have seen more than my fair share of Marriott properties and obviously like their properties.  But this may be as low as I have seen a Marriott.  And although much of what I state may be nitpicking, it is what sets up a bad/good stay.1. Pulled up in a cab, door man doesn't - open doors to the cab; grab you luggage; point you to front desk; he is busy doing his own thing.  Isn't life grand in Vegas?2. Once you step over the sign left by the cleaning staff at the front entrance you can get into the lobby.  Was I the only one that noticed the yellow sign?3. Room I was allotted, was a studio, may be tops out at 300 sq ft, roughly 10 feet wide to give that corridor feel to the room I think they may be at the minimum width, feels Monty Python like.  So if this is a studio it is SMALL.  Room rate was $199 per night mid-week in February.  So this is a high rate but not outrageous against similar properties.  The rooms use some pretty awful air freshener in the room that would be better left out.  The dining table, my office, is 2'*2'.  At this point I get it, this is a vacational, if you aren't on vacation forget it.  Check-in they warned me about construction on the upper floors, yet that is where they placed me.  HUH!  Maybe if I had known this prior to coming to the property I would have stayed elsewhere.  I'm damned at this point.4. Checking on internet, call "AT YOUR SERVICE" and they tell me to go back down to the front desk to get a BRIDGE.  I am on the 34th floor, thanks!!!  Get to the front desk they then ask me to fill out a form and that they will put a hold on my account in case I don't return the BRIDGE.  Are you kidding me, remind me why I am platinum?  Then the manager comes up to tell me they are having some theft issues with the bridges.  Okay I didn't wear my stripe shirt and mask to look like a robber can you tell me why a frequent guest would be put through this?  WE DO IT TO EVERYONE!  Get back to my room only to find the connections are broken, but not wanting to go down & up again I persevere and fix the connections and follow the steps.  Ah a password is needed, call "at their service", after waiting a long time for a pickup I finally get what I need.This is after 2 hours.  Can't wait to report back on what 2 days here will be like.
4	Would definitely stay here again!
1	So I somehow managed to stay at this place again but this time it wasn't a timeshare stay.  I have to say that this stay here sort of gave me the creeps because of a couple odd things happening for the one night I was there.  Typical night of intoxicated Vegas we end up back at the room to crash...I forget what floor we were on but at some point during the night there was a loud crash.  I didn't hear it but after it happened I was woken up by someone that I was there with.  For a second I thought that they were going nuts and perhaps they were hearing things so I shrugged it off.  After that I couldn't fall asleep so I just laid in bed staring at the wall but a little while after that I started to hear scratching, as if someone was scratching the carpet.  I get up turn on the lamp and check the bathroom and no more sound.  So I thought to myself "i must be tired or something" and go back to laying in the bed.  Couple minutes later I start to hear that scratching again and I'm thinking "where the heck is that noise coming from??"  After listening for like 5 minutes I finally decide that the noise is coming from the front door and that it was some prank by some kids.  So I get up go to the door and open and no one was there.  I even left the lights off to try to get the jump on them.  So then my Ghost Hunters mode kicked in and I started to piece it together that maybe there's something ghostly in the room.  By then I was so tired I really didn't care so I left the lamp on and the sound never came back.  Odd story I know.....but interesting.
4	Very nice hotel although it doesn't have a casino or room service. The customer service was excellent, better than most hotels I've stayed at in Vegas. I got a two bedroom villa Saturday to Monday for a nice price. Really nice room with a kitchen/kitchenette, two bathrooms, a washer and dryer, dining room and a 42 inch flat screen in the living room. We watched the Bulls destroy the Heat in game 1. Well deserved weekend right across the street from PH towers which has a mall and other entertainment.
4	I don't really have anything bad to say about this hotel. I went here this past weekend because a friend has timeshare and got 4 rooms. UMMM....WOW, VERY IMPRESSED! The rooms that we got were HUGE. Literally fit 12 people in them. We also had 3 bathrooms to share. Perfect since we all needed to get ready. The valet guys were also nice. What else can you ask for when you get free valet?The only reason why they lost a star is because the rooms weren't ready when we got there. We had to wait a few hours before we could get settled in.
4	I was in Vegas for a tradeshow and decided to stay at the Grand Chateau instead of the host hotel since the rooms were the same price and this property offered suites. Location - Good, right off the strip across the street from PHDecor/Ambiance - Great. Much nicer than a regular MarriottAmenities in Room - Full kitchen, washer/dryerAmenities in Hotel - Nice gym, convenience store, concierge, small poolValue - Good price for what you get. Room Amenities:This place rocked! The suite was huge and had a full kitchen (stocked with dishes, utensils, cooking supplies), a living room, a bedroom, and a dressing room/bathtub room in addition to the main bathroom. Not that I stayed long enough to need it, but the room had its own washer and dryer too! Hotel Amenities:The gym was a prefect size and had about 5 treadmills, other cardio  machines, weights, and balls. The pool on the roof was pretty small, but also had a hot tub and a small bar upstairs. Something that made this hotel extra convenient was the convenience store in the lobby which had all of the essentials you'd need. I loved being able to cook my own eggs for breakfast. I would totally come back and stay here again!.
4	Nice spacious rooms, friendly staff, free water station, free boarding pass printerMinus 1 star because:Has only 1 market place- would like to have places to shop without leaving my hotel... not even a souviner shop inside..or coffee shop or deli...No casino or any type of nightlife inside.This is more of a family hotel
5	Our family of THREE (3) stayed here last weekend.  We were visiting our oldest daughter who lives in Las Vegas and decided to have a mini family reunion with a few of my husband's cousins. Firstly, the service was tremendous.  I am a stickler for good service and everyone who looked after us was most gracious, a rarity these days.  Whenever we requested even the smallest thing like extra towels, there was always a follow up call to see if we received everything we needed in a timely manner.The free valet was also a pleasure and the location was great.  Quiet, deep sleeping too in a crazy comfy bed.  Also my husband is a chef and we were able to purchase groceries and cook all of our food in house.I will definately stay here again, since it's the first time I have been to Vegas without the ringing to the tune of "Wheel of Fortune" constantly going off in my head.
4	This is how customer service is suppose to be. At check-in Heather was so pleasant and friendly (very different from our W Hoboken experience). Throughout the entire stay, the staff was always on their game. The hotel is close to the strip which you can get to through the Mile Mall which is across the street. My partner and I got the studio. We got a decent view of the strip. One problem was that there was construction on the 7th floor, and we were on the 6th, which meant that until 5PM we'd hear a lot of banging, which made naps somewhat difficult. I wish that was disclosed during check-in. Overall, great hotel that is off the strip. Good for people with allergies as there is no smoking or casino attached. And there is Wi-Fi
4	Location, location, location! Close enough to the action (right across the street from Miracle Mile shops and Planet Hollywood), but far enough to get some peace and quiet. Make sure to enjoy the little pool area on the rooftop. The view is spectacular!  Yes the pool is very little, but it's enough to plop your body into and cool off from the desert heat. It's pretty crowded, though. There's also a bar outside.Also ask the concierge about discounts. And if you have little ones, take them to do some of the activities the hotel offers. It's a very family friendly hotel. They have video games that you can play in the little rooms and lots of arts and crafts sessions. We did not have a suite, but the best part about this place was the fact that the room came with BOTH a microwave and a fridge. We stayed at MGM and it was lacking. We saved so much money eating leftovers. (Vegas is definitely not cheap.) There was only one actual bed in the room, but the couch turns into a fold out bed. I was nice and let my friend sleep on the soft cushiony bed. The fold out bed is not for light sleepers. It's not too comfy. No, there is no casino, and no restaurants or Cirque du Soleil inside. But the little marketplace thing stays open for 24 hrs. You can purchase groceries to cook your own food. The room came with actual dishes and cups and dish detergent. Lol. It was like living in Vegas. By the way, I'm not sure what Tyrone A. was talking about. My friend is African American and I'm Asian, but we were treated fine.
4	My third stay here.  FIrst of all, it's a timeshare, not a hotel, a fact which seems to have eluded some of the previous reviewers.  We own at another Marriott timeshare, so we knew exactly what to expect.  Nice, clean accommodations, separate bedroom, two flat screen TVs, nice big bathroom, full kitchen, washer/dryer combo.  We also knew what not to expect - a casino.  The ability to "upgrade."  Shopping on site (there is a small market, and that's it.)  Restaurants.  The location is quite convenient, with a side entrance to Planet Hollywood basically across the street.The comments about the place being for an "older crowd" might not be out of line.  When I was 25, I wouldn't want to stay at a place with no casino, and the beauty of the washer/dryer would have been totally lost on me.  But I'm 58 now, and I love walking into the lobby after a night out and not being assaulted by lights and slot machine noise.  I guess I would say it was good for families with kids, too, except that I don't happen to think families with kids should vacation in Vegas.  Sorry, but that's my opinion, deal with it.Anyway, to summarize, if nice accommodations and the ability to wash the smoke stench out of your clothes appeals to you, this is a good place to stay.
1	My second stay there, and the last time!  Be very carefuly when you exchange.  We exchanged our 1-bedroom Kuai timeshare into a 1-bedroom at this place.  We got a 1-bedroom out of a 2-bedroom villa.  The room is much smaller with no full kithen and no hot tub.  The front desk is not helpful either.
4	Honestly, I had no idea what to expect on this past Vegas trip since I didn't plan anything. When my friend told me that we're staying somewhere off the strip, I was enraged to think that we're paying THAT much to stay OFF the strip. like WTF?HOWEVER, I was pleasantly surprised. We had a one-room suite, in which we crammed in more than the maximum =x but shhhh..- kitchen: fridge, stove, silverware/plates; definitely convenient for pregaming - "living room": pull out couch/bed, 2 sofa chair things, tv, small dining table/ set (with 4 chairs?), coffee table.- room: 1 queen size (fit 3 girls), hot tub, sink and vanity mirror station outside the bathroom- bathroom: connected from room and outside/kitchen area, shower with 2 showerheads inside (wtf?), toilet, sink, nothing special- FREE WIFI: I know other hotels charge you for internet, which is like wtf, but not here!- FREE VALET PARKING: which is also awesome, but I guess it can get a little inconvenient if you want to use your car a lot.. whic shouldn't be the case in Vegasother facilities:- pool (38th floor): tiny hot tub (but stll nice to have), tiny pool (only goes 3.5 ft deep, dimensions were approx. 15 ft x 45 ft)- fitness center: idk why you would work out when you're supposed to be hungover in Vegas, but my friends said it was decent with treadmills and some equipment.Finally, the best part of staying at the Marriott is its location. It's 0.3. mile of the strip, which technically off the strip, but it's in the perfect location. You walk out, and you're across the street from PH's Miracle Mile shopping center, which has Earl of Sandwich & Fat Tuesday inside. A little further down that same block, you can access the Sky Bridge to go to Cosmo (so you're literally walking distance from Marquee).I really enjoyed staying here. It's definitely good bang for your buck esp if you're still in college like me and my friends. The location made Vegas really chill. Yay! Seriously, YAYYY :D
5	wow. It's a small apt. I loved it. My bf and I were able to save a lot of money from eating out all the time during our stay.Washer n dryerDish soap dishes, utencilsmany many storage space
5	Marriott Vacation Club has converted to a new system which utilizes vacation club points. My home location in Newport Coast entitles me 2700 points per year when deposited. This newer system allows me to take trips on shorter notice and I don't have to stay an entire week. In addition, I'm not limited to checking in on just Friday, Saturday or Sundays which was not flexible. I made reservations on a Friday before arriving and only  used 450 points and stayed on Sunday and Monday in a one bedroom. This left me plenty of additional points to use in 2012. One con was I didn't get much of a view BC I faced eastward towards the MGM condos and not the strip. The unit included a full bedroom, separate tub, shower with dual heads, two bathroom sink areas, complete kitchen, living room, dinning area and a European washer and dryer. Overall the unit seemed recently remodeled, spotless clean and carpets newly replaced. The theme here is French influence and the decor and fixtures are upscale looking. The lobby is decorated nicely and I enjoyed the valet service offered and complimentary. There is also a fitness center on the 5th floor and free wireless wifi which is convenient.The location here is in a good location and you can walk to the City Center or even catch a complimentary shuttle to Fashion Show Mall or to grocery store if you don't have a vehicle.This was my first time staying here and I'll definitely be staying here again.
4	Great hotel in Vegas...... Just walk across the street to get to Planet Hollywood mall,and a block walk to the strip. We especially liked it because when you arrive it easy valet parking and there is no casino or smoked filled lobby to check in at!!! You also get all the amenities of a condo including a washer dryer. There was also a market in the lobby as well as a kids center. The pool was a bit small but on the roof which was nice especially for viewing fireworks on New years Eve and a full bar with happy hour drinks. So I would definitely stay here again especially with the kids!
5	For the price, this place really can't be beat.  We stayed in the 3 bedroom, 3 bath suite which had 2 kitchens and 2 living rooms for 2 nights for under $1,000.  Everywhere else with anything that compared was WAY more expensive.  This was really their biggest selling point before we got their.The location is perfect.  Less than a block away from the strip, right next to Planet Hollywood.  There was a taxi line outside so you could take one to get somewhere easily, and taxi's came frequently and quickly.  And there was a heater that kept it warm which was very nice as well.The service, the rooms, the everything, it was great.  We'll definitely be staying here again, especially if we need a room for a lot of people like we did this last time.  Having 3 bathrooms made it so easy for us to have time to get ready to go out every night!
4	Prefect location with amazing views! Complimentary valet parking, kitchen in the room, we had laundry in our room also. The soft goods need to be updated but the lobby is modern and inviting. We had a wonderful stay!
4	Very nice option in LV.I stayed here for a week during a convention/business trip VS vacation.GREAT location - 1/2 block from center strip.  I appreciated the fact that it could be both quiet/secluded and in the middle of everything at the same time; walkable to anything on the strip.  Short walk to Planet Hollywood, Paris, Bellagio for any resort service you could desire. EXPANSIVE suite - 1 br with full kitchen, LR, laundry, huge soaking tub, double shower, amazing viewsNICE GYM - very adequate; used it dailyPOOL / JACUZZI - on the roof, modest but available with daily happy hourGREAT SERVICE - front desk staff, bell staff, concierge all very helpful and attentiveGREAT VALUE - for the price, I don't think you can find a better situation in LVFREE hi-speed Wifi; no resort charges for using gym, pool, JacuzziThe hotel lacks any casino or restaurant - which I considered a plus; while I love Vegas I need to be able to get away from "it all".  I found some local restaurants on YELP to deliver on the few nights I stayed in my room.Five stars would have been awarded if the decor was even more upscale -- the decor was very adequate, clean, standard Marriott fair; and there were even more services -- but, this is a timeshare property not a Four Seasons - still a FANTASTIC value.
2	I'm downgrading my rating due to a several reasons. First of all while checking in there were issues with the credit card machine. The receptionist needed to get the archaic device out to swipe my credit card which seemed to take forever. In addition the one bedroom on the 19th floor had a tiny living room and  a tiny kitchen. This was connected to a two bedroom with one entry door so every time the other occupants arrived or departed you could here two doors slamming!  Another item that irked me was no coffee machine in my villa and no coffee. On my previous stay in December and the kitchen and living room were much larger. Last but not least, I received several messages soliciting me to buy additional points for the Marriott Vacation Club by a salesperson. Last time I was here I said no. What part of no don't they get?  It seems as if sales are down and Marriott sales persons are getting to the point of pushy. My next business trip to Las Vegas I'll stay at a hotel, at least I won't be harassed to buy anything!
4	Loved this place as a Vegas Local I found this place not very "Vegas" inside which was super refreshing. Front Desk: Very clean, it looked amazing when you walked in. Great staff and the security at the time shares elevators definitely did their job. Rooms: Very elegant, my boyfriends parents came into town and stayed in their 3 bedroom suite. It had I think 6 bedrooms could sleep like 25 had 3 kitchens this place was top notch. On the 29th floor this place had huge rooms with spacious bathrooms and big windows. When you stay in the city you have to have big windows. Great view of the strip from our room. The place was very comfy a home away from home. QUICK TIP: There's no self parking so guest and everyone else HAVE TO Valet. Don't park in the back you will get towed.
5	Such an excellent Vegas hotel for a group of people.  We had 10 girls stay in a 3 bedroom villa and we had plenty of space and amenities for the weekend.  Given that many things we were doing were in Planet Hollywood, the very short walk to the casino made the location perfect.Very courteous staff and by far, the most reasonably priced villa that I came across.  The rooftop pool was nice to lay out at, but the pool itself is pretty small and definitely not a typical Vegas high roller type pool.  I'd definitely stay here again.
5	Absolutely loved this place. It doesn't have a casino, or a bunch of restaurants, but what it does have is a great room in a great location at a great price. Its one small block from City Center, and its right next to the Planet Hollywood. Four of us stayed in a 1 bedroom villa, and there was plenty of space. The bed was very comfortable, and it was nice having a full kitchen.
4	Double head...showers are pretty sick! I mean, two water heads shooting me, one from the front and one from behind. It's kind of like that double spearmint gum: double the pleasure, double the fun. Ha.The Marriott Grand Chauteau is located off the strip, in the middle, behind Planet Hollywood. Literally, a five minute walk from the strip. Unlike hotels on the strip, this hotel doesn't have a casino. I actually liked this because I didn't have to inhale massive quantities of second hand smoke whenever I walked into the lobby.Service is pretty good. The bel boys were accommodating and always found us a cab, and/or took care of our luggage.The room we had was a double room suite with two bedrooms, two king size beds, two couch beds, a kitchen stocked with dishes/glasses, dish washer, stove, and microwave. The beds were big enough to squeeze in three people, and the suite was large and comfy.Pool and gym. Pool is on the rooftop but small. Theres also a small bar on top and enough lounge chairs to sunbathe or relax. Gym is fairly big, not huge.  There's locker rooms, soft towels, yoga mats, stretch mats, free weights, 6 treadmills, 2 ellipticals and a few bikes. I also liked that they provide sanitary wipes to wipe down the machines. The machines are nice and are new. Each cardio machine has its own tv and head set sockets for u to plug ur headsets in.Overall, I wouldn't mind staying again. I just wish they had a shallow end of the pool where I could lay down in the pool and tan.
4	This was my first time staying a non-strip-casino-giant-hotel in Vegas.  I loved this place with one exception.The Very Good:Friendly staff, went out of their way to print my boarding pass when the lobby printer wasn't working.Great room!  The bathroom has a shower for two and in the master bedroom was a bath that fit me and my 6'8" boyfriend!  We loved it!  Full kitchen.  We made several meals in the room to save money, it was perfect.Big room.  There were 5 of us staying in a two bedroom suite, plenty of space!The Bad:The pool is so small!
4	My wonderful stepson and his friend had booked a beautiful suite for their stay in Vegas, and my husband and I stayed with them for three days, and were we SPOILED!  Look we stayed at a Motel 6 and a Travelodge the few nights before, but it's not like I haven't stayed in a nice hotel before and THIS IS A NICE PLACE!The boys had one side of this place with a large bedroom, huge tub and bathroom, kitchen, full size dining table and couch (that pulled out if needed).  My husband and I stayed on the other side, there is a door between, and it is hard to hear so it is VERY private, yet easy enough to access if needed.  Our side had a huge bathroom, a large bed, a couch (this one pulled out too) and a small kitchenette with fridge and microwave.  The view was AWESOME, and without being right on the strip it was perfect, just minutes to the miracle mile shops with plenty of places to eat and a cool walk through right on to the strip.  We would stay there for sure again.  The staff is just amazing from the valet, to the front desk, to the young lady who ran the little store downstairs.  This is truly a great place you will not be disappointed at all!!I marked this as pricey, but with all the room if you had a group of people splitting this is is actually cheap..usually they have about five guys, so take 200 and divide it by the number..and really it's Vegas baby, how much are you really in the room?
1	Beside the fact that the room was beautiful and one of the valet staff was friendly, I could not add anything else positive about this hotel.This is a full service property, a vacation club for families. I expected nothing but the best. I was looking forward for my stay but turned out nothing but a big fat disappointment.  I have never seen anyone as un-accommodating as the MOD of this place. This is not the usual Marriott's standard and it was sad to received the bad service at the high end property. I would expected if it was a Courtyard or other chain, but definitely not here. Would I recommend this for anyone? Definitely not.....
4	This property is beautiful!  We got a 2brm which turns out to be 2 rooms joined together by double doors that lock on each side.  Great for 2 families traveling together.  Both have king beds & a pull out sleeper.  The larger room has a full kitchen & the smaller room has a partial that has a microwave and mini fridge.  Property actually sits on E. Harmon & Planet Hollywood way but GPS will not tell you that you need to turn left onto PH way to get to the front of the hotel.  Free valet upon check in, the guys out front were very welcoming and nice, so was bell hop, if only the lady checking us in was nicer... oh well. that wasn't going to ruin our excitement of seeing the inside of our room!! The lines @ 2pm was short and our rooms were ready!   If the outside & lobby was any indication, we were going to be happy :)  I was impressed and very happy I chose this property over the Polo towers right across from here!!  The rooms are clean and spacious and a large "couple's" tub in the large room is very nice ;)  the shower door in the bathroom does not hold the water in well tho so it's a soggy mat every time we shower but not a huge deal.  the room accommodated 5 of us very comfortably and it's very nice that we can cook when we want instead of eating out every meal.  The gym is top notch w/ just about everything you need for your workout in between buffets :) the pool on the other hand is a bit lacking if you really want to swim!  it's on the rooftop which is nice but it's tiny!  basically just a stand or sit and hang out pool, right next to the sky bar & jacuzzi. It's barely a 2 minute walk and you're on the strip.... you can't go wrong w/ this place.  And no sorry, no slots or glitzy neon lights which also means no stinky smoke and low lifes so I'm very happy!  Marriot sure knows how to do classy! only 4 stars because some of the front desk people are not the happiest and the little store downstairs is great for convenience but it's way over priced!  $6 for a jar of salsa? Silly, walk to minute & a half to Walgreens in PH and get what you need there!FREE wifi is always a plus & kids activities of you have little ones under 12.
5	I forgot that there's also a washer & dryer in room!! They give you enough detergent for 1 load & then you'll have to get more if you do more than that but it truly is home away from home, everything you need!  I think they thought of everything!
2	I purchased a week at this timeshare almost 5 years ago. My biggest concern was the small pool, but was told the main pool would be completed in 2 years. 5 years later and it is nowhere near completion.  We go to Las Vegas to relax by the pool and Marriott Grand Chateau's pool is smaller than a typical backyard pool. Marriott sold me a "bill of goods" and ripped us offer for sure.  I do like some of their other resorts but I have to fly there, which defeats the whole purpose. Do not buy this time share until it is completed, which I am now being told isn't until 2016. I would have never purchased this property if I had known it would take 10 years to complete.
4	Can I just preface this by saying, I LOVE Marriott's Grand Chateau!.  I'm an owner at this time share and have been coming for years.  The lobby and the rooms are beautiful.  The staff is friendly and usually helpful.  I have had some issues a time or two in the past, but every issue always was resolved.If you're driving, they have a complimentary valet, there is no self-parking.  I don't use valet much, but it works well here in this environment.There are several room configurations available.  There is a hotel room, which has a queen or king bed, a queen sofabed, a standard bathroom, and a small kitchenette area.  There is the one bedroom which has a full living room, dining room and kitchen with a single bedroom that includes both a large, two headed shower and a large soaking bathtub.  The third option is the three bedroom.  There are few of these, but they are pretty hugs and they also do a lock off where you can have a two bedroom and a one bedroom that has a different layout than the normal ones do.  There is a TV in each room and they are at the point where they are upgrading these, so that's cool.  There are also DVD layers hooked to each TV... the new ones are now Blu Ray, but if you have a room that is older, you'll not have that.The nice thing is that if you're spending a week, you have a full kitchen, so that rocks.  You have a full size refrigerator and a stove, so you can cook meals in if you want to (of course, i want to eat out on vacation) which can save you some dough.Sometimes you have a strip view and sometimes you have a view of the other side... we always ask for a strip view and we mostly get it.  It's nice to look out the windows to see all the lights at night!The location of the Grand Chateau is AWESOME.  We are basically in the middle of the strip, directly across from the City Center and in between Planet Hollywood and MGM Grand.  While there is no casino or restaurant currently in the Grand Chateau, it's a quick walk over to Planet Hollywood if you want to gamble, shop, or dine.  There is supposed to be a restaurant added to the Grand Chateau when they finish building the new towers.  They have broken ground on the third tower, which is going to be an upgrade for our pool, which is currently very small and on the roof on the 38th floor.  We have a small pool, a small jacuzzi and a small bar.  Once the next tower is done, we should have a much bigger pool and jacuzzi area, plust the rooftop one, so looking forward to that.  If you like working out, there is also a small gym on site and downstairs near the lobby they have the MAZE room which is where they have activities, games, etc for kids and families.Overall, the Grand Chateau is a fantastic place to stay while in Vegas.  It's beautiful and quiet and a nice get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip, when you're done with the party for the day.WHAT CAN THEY DO TO GET FIVE STARS?~the pool is a serious drawback.  That definitely loses them a half star, so once the new one is in, that may change.  Same with not having a restaurant on site.~little details can be annoying.  In our room the faucets all seemed to be a little loose and the one in the kitchen was seriously loose and every time you turned it on, it was scalding, so you had to be really careful.  Our AC in our room leaked, which we didn't notice until packing to leave and left our bedroom closet floor a wet mess.  These types of issues happen fairly regularly.  Small, but keep them from earning that final star.
5	The Marriott Grand Chateau is the only place I'm ever going to stay when I'm in Las Vegas!What an amazingly beautiful hotel!  Our stay was for a basketball tournament and our group wanted to stay "on the strip."  The Marriott Grand Chateau is practically ON the strip, right next to Planet Hollywood and the cost of the room and the HUGE room you get is so MUCH more a deal than staying ON the strip.  Our group was more than happy walking a meer block.We stayed 4 days and it was the best!  Check-in was great!  Very smooth and the front desk personnel knew exactly where our rooms were, explained that they were unable to get our rooms next door to each other, but made a very good effort to have them on the same floor!  We had two villas.   The rooms were 2 king suites connected by a common living room and full kitchen (AND a partial kitchen in the studio suite side!).  The master suite side had a double-head shower and was a room unto itself!   The 2nd room was a MANSION 1 king bed, 2 double beds, a common living area and full kitchen, and a bathroom/jacuzzi in the master suite to die for!  Space to really spread out and enjoy ourselves and not be right on top of each other like in a stanard room on the strip.  The VALET is incredible!  1) it's COMPLIMENTARY!  2) The staff is incredibly attentive and personable, and by Day 2 I was greeted by name every  time I went to get my car or when bringing it back in!  There is a MarketPlace to pick up just about anything you need from bottled water, sunscreen, snacks, Starbucks coffee, etc.  I've stayed at a few Marriott Vacation Clubs lately and this MarketPlace was much better stocked than most.  A real plus to be able to charge purchases back to your room too.  The concierge attendants could have been more helpful when I asked to get a number for a restaurant we had reservations at for dinner and found ourselves running late, the request to get the number from them seemed to put them off. Hmm throught that's what the concierge's job.  Oh well, I got the number to make my call.    With a beautiful hotel like the Marriott Grand Chateau, you'd expect a GRAND pool, but this one was just a little dinky thing on the 38th floor.  My friend commented from our 7th floor room, "WOW!  That's our pool?"  Sadly, no it wasn't possible to view the 38th floor pool from the 7th floor, so I had to break the news to her. :(  But really, how much time would we spend at the pool anyway?  It wasn't a deal breaker because there is SO MUCH ELSE that is great at the Marriott Grand Chateau that a small pool didn't even effect my rating!Thank you Marriott Grand Chateau! The hotel and it's staff is WONDERFUL!  I'm definitely coming back!
4	This has got to be one of my favorite places to stay ON the strip. Yes the Marriott Grand Chateau is located on the strip right next to Planet Hollywood. What's so refreshing about this place is that you don't have to stay in a casino and inhale cigarette smoke 24/7. It is clean, beautiful, and convenient.I've stayed here a few times already and each time I would get the 1 BR suite. These suites are fairly modern, has Direct TV, and comes with a full kitchen! Not to mention the shower stall has two shower heads. That's right I said TWO.So far the service I've received has been great every time. From the moment I check in to check out, the staff has always been friendly and reassuring. At night you need to use your key card to use the elevators which gives you an added sense of security. They also always have a staff member on watch at the elevators.The bell desk service is also very useful. There's been times when we're just not quite ready to leave so we check our bags in with the bell boy. They've always kept it safe and sound and I've never had an issue retrieving my belongings from them.To top it off they have a set of computers and printers set up in the lobby for your use. Very handy for printing those boarding passes ahead of time if you decide to fly.The location of course is the cherry on top. It is in walking distance to just about everything on the strip. And it is literally right across the street to the entrance of Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile shops so if you feel a need to get out it's a VERY short walk across the street to food, shopping, and gambling. So no, I didn't miss staying at a casino at all. Only downside, is like my previous fellow yelpers, I'd have to knock off one star for the pool. They made the pool sound like a luxurious rooftop pool, but nope. It's I swear the tiniest pool ever, only good for taking a dip. The rooftop area you can go into is rather small in general. That was a huge disappointment.
4	Stayed in the 1BR villa and was very impressed.  King sized bed in BR and queen pullout mattresses were both so comfortable.  Full kitchen with stove, microwave, full-sized fridge w/ice maker (great for cocktails!), and all the pots/pans/dishes/glasses you could possibly need. Our room came with a view of Crystals at City Center which was beautiful at night.There was a double sized tub in the bedroom that we didnt take advantage of, but looked comfortable, as well as a large shower in the bathroom w/ two heads.  Also, there was an extra sink and vanity area with magnifying mirror in the bedroom, which was a plus with 4 girls trying to get ready for nights out on the strip!No restaurants/smoking/casinos downstairs, which meant no smoke filtering up through the vents and no noise.  Location was amazing.  Middle of the strip across from the Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile and the Crystals Shopping Center.  The hotel staff was accommodating and helpful our whole stay.  Other amenities: Free wifi.  In-room washer/dryer.  Tiny market downstairs for those last minute needs open 24-7.  Free valet parking and short taxi lines.  Flat screen TVs in BR and living room with DirectTV, DVD players.  Plenty of sitting/lounging room.  I didnt make it up to the pool, but heard it was tiny, so prob not the place to stay if you're hoping to swim laps.  I would def consider staying here again on a future trip to Vegas.  It was like a home away from home...but still steps away from the action.  Of note: this is not a full-service hotel so no room service for those of you that were hoping to get late night/early morning meals brought up to your room.  You should take advantage of having a fridge/microwave/stove at your disposal and plan ahead for the nighttime munchies.
4	I love staying at Marriott. When on Vacation we always check the Marriott website first and YES I'm a loyal rewards member. But, I must say, this is the first time I've stayed at this Marriott in Vegas. We enjoyed their Villas, we had a full sized kitchen to use. We stayed 3 nights and although we love buffets I CANNOT eat buffets every day. So we cooked dinner one night and cooked one breakfast morning. I can't tell you how much money we probably saved just on those two meals alone.  This hotel DOES NOT have a Casino, but if you really want to gamble its in a great location, across the street from Planet Hollywood and the City Center/Aria.  Warning, they are doing construction for more towers, so some rooms will hear the construction more than others. Definately staying here next visit to Vegas.
4	I stayed here back in early August for my best friends bachelor party. There were 8 of us total and we had two rooms that were connected together. There was plenty of room and the futons in the living room was large and comfortable. This place really had everything. It's really set up like a condo. It came with everything you needed. For example washer & dryer, iron & ironing board, all kitchen utensils, safe, jet tub in bedroom etc. I was really surprised how this place had so much to offer. Would definitely stay here again. It right across the street from Walgreen's.
4	Fantastic place to stay if you want to be in a nice hotel close to the strip, without all the noise, smells, and older remodeled wannabes! Marriott is known for quality lodging and this location is no exception! I've been a Platinum member with Marriott for years and used reward points for a weekend getaway. Had a great time and loved the quiet retreat when I wanted to escape the hustle and bustle. Highly recommend this property and I will definitely consider staying there again on future trips to Las Vegas.
4	Great hotel! It's close to the strip, across the street from the Planet Hollywood. Best part is you don't have to walk through a smoky casino to get to your room. Very family friendly as well. We had a great view of part of the strip as well. Valet parking was nice, so you don't have to fight for parking. Although, during peak times, you had up to a 10 minute wait for your car. The rooms were very  nice and big. We rented 2 of them, one had a full kitchen, washer/dryer. The adjoining room had a mini fridge and a pull out bed. Highly recommend this hotel. Note: They are currently doing construction on the hotel. We were on a higher floor, and the noise wasn't too bad.  I'm not sure about lower floors.
4	Great hotel. I would have given it 5 stars but the help and assistance that the concierge gave us was HORRIBLE. Beware of listening to CC advise, she is totally clueless at suggesting good restaurant and family activities.
3	i really enjoyed my stay here. we were in a 2 bedroom suite so there was plenty of space for us 8 girls and everyone was able to get a bed since there are sofa pull out beds. we werent sure if we would get turndown service since its a timeshare property but we came back to our room all clean and made up! the full kitchen came in handy. the marketplace downstairs was perfect to grab any forgotten toiletries or groceries. the free-wifi was nice and worked decently in the room. never had a problem getting a taxi and the bellman were very nice and helpful. even the location worked out pretty well since we were able to walk to places like the cosmo, city center and planet hollywood...but i cant get over the 10am check-out time!!! not great when you had just gone to sleep a few hours before check out. what made it worse was they could not accommodate late check-out for us at all and the lady at the front desk was very rude to both me and Arlene C on the phone. her name was holly i believe - not friendly, not helpful and very dismissive. not a great way to end our otherwise pleasant stay at the Marriott.
5	Stayed here for New Year this year with my sister & friends.  This place is great. Rooms are very nice & spacious. Great price for a two room suite and staff was friendly. free parking close enough to the strip but far enough to still have some peace from the craziness. They also offer activities like zumba & bingo during the day. :)
4	I wish I could give this Marriott a 5 star review, but really I feel I can't. To me The Grand Chateau is a lost cause for staying here if you're staying in Vegas. Yes I understand that some people are not gambling enthusiasts, or raging alcoholics, but I guess I can't grasp the fact that this hotel is on the strip for that matter. No slot machines, no shows, no bars (at least that I don't see in the main lobby). What's the point os being on the Strip in Las Vegas? Oh well, nonetheless, the employees were great, the valet impressed me, and the overall hotel room is very semi-royal, bare with me and my lame made up linguistics :]I guess this would be a nice place to stay in if you want to experience The Strip, just walk to a different casino, and you'll have a blast. Oh and check out time for Marriott employees are at 10. Come on Marriott Grand Chateau, haven't you guys heard of hangovers?? Marriott employees need to let loose once in awhile too.
4	Nice rooms close to strip but not on the strip. rooms have microwaves fridge toaster coffee maker and silverware.  Great for business or longer stays.No casino or restaurants on site but again a very close walk to anything.if you're aMarriotts rewards memebr you can also get a 20% discount from their website Sunday- thursday
4	Great place to stay in Vegas! Although they do not have their own casino, the Marriot is right across the street from planet hollywood and the cosmopolitan, which puts the resorts just a few minutes walk away. They have a rooftop pool with a bar which provides for a nice view of the strip. The staff is very kind, and the rooms are spacious with a fold out bed and a king bed in a separate room. It also comes with a whole kitcenette, which we didn't use very much, but I can see how it could be very useful.
3	4-years later and I wouldn't necessarily rate Grand Chateau "As Good As It Gets". Although, I will say the hotel doesn't seem as far off the strip now that City Center and The Comoplitan are in such close proximity! I recently spent the weekend here with a group of 7 girls. We opted for the 3-bdrm / 3bath Villa. When I arrived to the room I was a little surprised  that it was broken into two separate villa's as opposed to one large suite (as it was described on the website). We essentially had a  2bdrm/2 baths villa and a second 1bdrm / 1bath room next door. Everything ended up working out fine, but it would have been great if the specs were outlined in detail on the website. This is still a great non-gaming / smoking hotel option - especially for large groups. Having the luxury of a full kitchen and dining room is most definitely a cost saver in Vegas. The Valet dudes were AWESOME! I forgot something in my car and the guy literally ran like the speed of light to grab it for me. Aside from Valet - the rest of the staff was average.  Major downside is that checkout is at 10am:( Not sure if this was a high occupancy week, but getting an extra 60-minutes was like pulling teeth!
3	Honestly for a hotel that is in the process of building their third tower - the decoration and interior design/look of it is very dated. Even my sister pointed out that there were Tapestries hanging on the wall of our bedrooms like it was grandma's house. I thought we were in Vegas? The rest of the rooms were okay. We had a 3 bedroom suite that had 2 separate entrances. In the master bedroom of the suite there was a huge Jacuzzi tub facing the window/view which looked so nice, but unforutantely I never got the chance to use it. The standup shower had two shower heads and I happily turned both of them on when I took my shower and it was awesome!!Off the strip by a block and right next to the Planet Hollywood the hotel is a bit of a Vegas getaway. No smoking, No gambling so its a bit of a change from what the usual Vegas hotels are like. They also have a 10am check out, which seems like it should be illegal in Vegas. Who the hell can even get up that early if they are doing Vegas right?!Upon getting to the hotel, Valet was pretty slow and we had to ask a number of times for a bell boy to come help us with our bags. my cousin eventually had to go into the hotel and retrieve one on her own. Although, I will say that when we asked the Valet to get us a car that could fit 6 of us it didn't take long before an Escalade pulled up to take us where we needed to go and the driver is by far one of the best I ever had. Super happy with that!At one point during our stay they were serving up fresh popped popcorn and the activities desk was introducing themself to the guests. They also had some kind of action/sale downstairs of all kinds of random memorabilia.
4	My BFF got a room here with her timeshare points so this is my 2nd time at the Grand Chateau. This time we stayed as "hotel guests" rather than "timeshare guests". The room was smaller, like a hotel room and not an apartment setting. We still got a small refrigerator, microwave, toaster and a very small sink. The sofa bed was so much better than the one in the room from my previous visit..... this one had a memory foam mattress which was SUPER comfortable!The bathroom was basic, and different from the one in the unit we had before. Still, it sufficed for the duration of our stay.Really good location within walking distance to Planet Hollywood, Aria, The Cosmopolitan.
4	LOVE staying here when I go to Las Drinkalldayallnight. The rooms and suites are massive. Comes with a kitchen, 2 bathrooms, 2 bedrooms. When you're sharing with a bunch of friends who don't care about luxury, this is an ideal place. It's perfectly located right next to PH, and across from City Center (Aria and Cosmo). Never had any issues with cleanliness, room service, or checking in. Had an experience where the ice maker in the fridge was broken, but they sent someone right up and it was not a problem. It's usually more affordable to stay here then the bigger hotels but not always the case.
4	This is a nice business oriented hotel located near the main strip. There's no gambling going on here, and check in/out is breeze. Also you don't expect to see any eye candy here for the same reason (sad). I really loved the rooms, but the bad part is there's no restaurant on-site! Hello!?!? There's a small market where you can buy frozen food, and apparently you are expected to eat breakfast across the street (there is a mall) that's such an inconvenience to a business traveler. as much as I liked the hotel's quiet and smooth check in process, I probably won't go back here. I'd much prefer having a restaurant on-site.
5	This place is a hidden vegas gem for if you like a quieter location and space to sleep a bunch of people! They have suites with full kitchen necessities (think long term stay), giant bathrooms, multiple sinks, pullout couches, and connecting rooms! Super comfy and super great for group ventures! Plus, you're just a short 15 minute walk from the strip- across the street from Planet Hollywood, Aria, Cosmopolitan and more. There's no casino so no smoking inside either- much cleaner and reasonably priced!
4	This is a very family-friendly hotel.- No smoking, no restaurants, no casino.- Rooms are suites that comes with a kitchen and living room. Sofa folds out to a bed!- My master bedroom had a jacuzzi in the bedroom. Weird.- Free popcorn at the lobby around 2pm!- Free shuttle to the Fashion Mall!- No sewing kit. But there's a washer and a dryer.- One block away from the strip on the south side.- Little market located at the lobby.
4	This place has been great. The beds are just AMAZING and oh so comfortable. Great views. Great location, not too far from the strip. All of the amenities of home. I don't want to leave .
4	I recently stayed here with 6 of my friends to celebrate my 25th birthday. I booked the 2 bedroom/2 bathroom villa. The villa fit all of us comfortably. The bathrooms and kitchen were clean and the beds were comfy. The hotel is in a great location and is quiet and smaller than the others on the strip. The only downfall for me, was the early check-out time. I had to pay $100 extra to be able to check out at 1pm. yikes!! Other than that, I had a great experience.
2	As soon as I checked into my room I took a bunch of pictures, sent them to my girl, and we decided this was where we were booking our week-long Vegas vacation this summer. But then, things started to happen...Customer service was always friendly and the room (as you can see in my posted photos) is very spacious and comfortable. But that's about where the good ended for me. Housekeeping was invisible. I never saw them and cleanliness does not seem to be a priority here. I noticed upon checking in that there was a candy wrapper on the floor right outside my room. I left it there, curious how long it would take for housekeeping - or ANY hotel employee - to pick it up. The answer? Never. It was there all afternoon, all evening, all night, and all the next morning. I couldn't believe it. A candy wrapper! This may seem minor but it's really an indication of a larger problem. You wouldn't see this at the Ritz. Or even most Marriott's, for that matter. See photo if you want to look at the offending wrapper. Next, my group of three wanted to grab a taxi to go get dinner one evening. We walked outside to the marked taxi line and there was no car currently there for us. Okay, not a big deal. A hotel employee (I think he might have been a valet, but was not currently parking cars) passed by us but said nothing. He saw we were waiting for a taxi but pretended not to notice. Suddenly became interested in a piece of paper he was holding. Not cool. So we walked. Oh well. Needed the exercise anyway. Also, the hotel roof bar is connected to the pool. They closed the pool at 6 pm due to wind. What, are we going to blow away or something? Worst of all, they closed the bar, too! I saw a bartender at the bar but could only do so through the glass. The door was locked. Too bad, so sad. There was also very loud construction noise that begins before the crack of dawn. I don't blame the hotel for this one, but it is all part of the experience. So you should know. Don't plan on sleeping after 5:30 am. That's when the shouting begins.So I've reevaluated my upcoming group trip to Vegas. We won't be staying here after all. And so the search continues...
5	Wow!  Great location! Beautiful views. Great bar on roof top. Security by the elevators. Friendly staff. Clean and worth every penny!  Construction was going on but wasn't that bad!  Excited to go back!
4	The Marriott Grand Chateau is beautiful and the suites are spacious and luxurious, but this hotel lacks the action and excitement of the Vegas Strip.My in-laws are Marriott timeshare holders so they booked two of the two bedroom suites for our family vacation in Vegas.  The suites were perfect for our family's needs! We made breakfast in our kitchen every morning and had a washer and dryer in our suites to do laundry.  While we were only a block from the strip our hotel lacked the casino, restaurants, and stores that the other hotels had on the main strip.  I personally would have preferred staying in the Bellagio, Venetian or Paris Hotel, but I probably spent less money on my vacation by staying away from the on-site shopping.If you want to be near the action, but not on top of the action the Marriott Grand Chateau is a great option!
4	We stayed here for EDC weekend.  4 nights.  It was nice to have our own room and to also have a full kitchen. We got a 2bd villa. The construction noise was minimal and the staff was very nice. We booked very far in advance so we got a great deal. It's very close to the strip.  Just a 2 or 3 minute walk unless you are someone that does not walk on a regular basis.  It's nice to stay in a place that is quiet and away from the crazy of Vegas after you spent all night in vegas. Free ballet parking.  Only negative is the pitiful rooftop pool, but I hear it is getting remodeled as well. The furniture in the rooms is very dated but clean bd nice non the less.
3	Not the nicest timeshare we have stayed in, but pleasantly surprised with accommodations, free parking, and no resort fee!They may want to consider offering a mid-week cleaning and linen change. They dropped off the supplies for us to do our own. No Bueno there!.The pool on the roof is a nice touch; they have plans to add on a new pool area downstairs.
5	This review is for my stay for EDC 2013. We stayed in one of the two bedroom villas and we were very happy with what we got. We had 6 people in the room and there was more than enough space especially with the queen pullout. You could comfortably fit 8 if you wanted to. The room was very spacious and luxurious. The kitchen was really nice, we made dinner each night before the festival saving us some cash. the staff was friendly and helpful, the free valet was awesome and best of all our view was amazing!! We were in the corner suite overlooking the strip. I even got an email a couple weeks before the stay asking for my preferences including room location. I'm so happy I opened the email because it gave us that amazing view.  The location is great, even though there is no casino downstairs it is right across the street from the planet Hollywood as well as other big hotels and shops on the strip. The pool is pretty mediocre, nothing fancy but didn't have much time to use it. Pretty small but nice that it has one. The only drawback is if you plan on staying here for EDC or late night clubbing be aware that CHECKOUT TIME IS 10AM & LATE CHECKOUT is $50 hr!!! We got back to the hotel at 6:30am Monday morning after the 3rd night in a row of staying up all night. This was really brutal! We ended up driving to our friends place at the stratosphere who paid a total of $25 for late checkout for 3pm. This place wasn't nearly as nice but we got some much needed sleep. This sucked but not worth knocking it a whole star. Just seems really early for a hotel in Vegas next to the strip. All in all I spent a really long time researching suites and I could not find one on or walking distance to the strip that gives you as much bang for your buck as this one. Spacious 2 bedroom suites at the other big hotels are easily twice the price. If you know of any comparable please share :)
4	Excellent property, friendly staff, good location.  I was disappointed by the pool and "Skybar", which has two taps only, with nothing worth pouring in my opinion.Only one block from the strip, you can easily get around to many places on foot.  Room was great and spacious.
5	I stayed at the Marriott Grand Chateau on the 4th of July weekend for my late birthday celebration. I don't understand everyone elses complaints about the hotel at all, I had a great experience here. My group and I arrived around 12 in the afternoon (check in is not until 4pm). I had  reserved a one bedroom villa 6 weeks prior. They told me they could not guarantee me a room before 4, I didnt think that was a problem, we walked right across the street to planet hollywood to grab lunch and start the celebrating. Well, I got a call at 12:30 saying my room was ready, awesome! They only put us on the 6th floor, I asked if they could put us in a higher room but they said they weren't putting many people on the upper floors because of the construction noise. I'm not sure if thats true or not, but I just took their word for it because I didnt want to hear any construction noise AT ALL.We had left all our bags in the car, the bell boy got our bags and we went right up to our room, he was super friendly. I asked him if he could send us a roll away bed in case someone didnt want to share a bed and lots of pillows and blankets. They dont have roll away beds like other marriotts do, but within 5 minutes we were sent an extra full size mattress with a massive amount of pillows and blankets, now THATS what I call fast service! We decided to up to the little pool and sit at the bar to get drinks, The bartender was a cool guy, and funny! We were planning on going to the pool parties for the rest of our stay, so we didnt mind the small pool. If I was looking just to relax this pool would be perfect though.The furniture wasn't awesome looking but the bedroom furniture was fine. There are big flatcreen TVS. The bathrooms and kitchen look all newly remodeled. The huge bathtub was great too. The beds were comfortable, my friends said even the pull out bed was comfy. After the first night our fridge stopped working, I went downstairs and told them about it. That was no problem at all, they brought us a new working fridge within 10 minutes! If thats not good service I dont know what is!The little store downstairs is super convenient, you can get beer, champagne, sandwhiches, snacks, and simple things like that.  It came in handy for sure! The prices arent a complete rip off either, that was a big surprise to me. We even got a frozen pizza at one point and cooked it in the oven for a late night snack. Usually I dont cook on vacation but having the huge kitchen and  full sized fridge was nice. You dont have to worry about running out ice or room for beer ;)Even though theres not a lot in the hotel (casinos, etc) If theres something you need,  you can always walk right across the street to planet hollywood, whether you want to go shopping, gamble, eat, etc. This hotel is technically on the strip, we only had to take a taxi certain places. Its not as far off the strip like google says it is. Between having a timeshare and  Marriott points, I've stayed at many Marriotts and I have to say this is one of the better ones. This was a perfect hotel stay in my book.
5	Was put up here by an employer when interviewing for a job and although those on the strip may not even know the place exists The Marriott Grand Chateau is all the better for it.  Rooftop Pool, 24-hour Gym, Free Laundry, Free Valet, and spotless rooms plus friendly service - can't argue with any of it.  Steps from the strip with the feeling of being miles away when you are in your room; great place.
5	I super stressed early check in because I wanted to decorate a tiny bit before all the girls arrived for my best friend's bachelorette party weekend. I even had my box of decor and party favors shipped but when I got there at 11am, the room wasn't ready so the bell desk held my luggage and a few of us went to grab a bite to eat. I was told they would keep me updated but after a few hours I took it upon myself to be updated and called every half hour or so :-/ We had the 3 room villa and it's quite a large area so I totally get it but it sucked to wait and not know what's going on, what to expect or tell my girls. We checked in around 3:30 and our rooms were AWESOME, they shared a door way, 3311 was a 1 bedroom with it's own kitchenette and 3312 was the master bedroom with 2 bedroom a large dining table, medium kitchen and great views (the main window faced the pool of Hilton's Elara while our master bathroom faced Aria/Cosmo/PH & a bit of the strip). I had groceries delivered from Vons, met them downstairs and had them drop it off in our room. The safe in the closet was perfect to store valueables. The pull out couches (and extra bed sets) were useful, we cooked all weekend from the main kitchen. The master shower had 2 heads and the counter space in there was incredibly useful. There was a full length mirror on the inside of the closet door. We were a 5 minute walk from the strip, although we liked to get out of the heat and go through the miracle mall which was right across the street from us. Housekeeping refreshed our towels and took out our trash/provided extra bags. We didn't have an issue with the construction, I NEVER heard it, our girls were probably louder but no one complained either :-) There are quite a few families with children that stayed here so we tried our best to be as respectful as we could while enjoying a bachelorette party but it was a diverse atmosphere in the lobby. The only con is that the rooftop pool was teeny tiny and there was NO shade, just some rafters semi-covering some people, although there were misters all over the place. Our room had a better view than the pool area, IMO. Cabs can take a while to come by (like with most hotels). The pool con is easily solved by going to another hotel/casino - I thoroughly enjoyed Marquee dayclub. I REALLY enjoyed my stay here and I don't think we could have gotten this out of another hotel. Or at least if we did, it would cost 2 or 3 times the amount we paid here. Oh check out is 10am, which sucked but I had the bell desk hold my purse & luggage while I went to Wet Republic one last time before catching my flight :-) The hotel also checked key cards to get back to your room in the evening so travel together and do not lose your key!
4	I was a little bit wary of staying here. When I go to Vegas, I like to be in the center of the action, stay at a hip hotel. The Marriott Grand Chateau was definitely not sexy . . . however, it is a great place to stay, especially if you are traveling with kids like I was. Let me start with the service. There was a big goof in our reservations. They did their best to fix it. We got to stay for most of the days we originally hoped to. I am not sure who goofed on the reservation--them or us--but it's nice when the hotel tries to solve the problem. The room: As I said, sexy it ain't. It's more traditional than hip. That being said, it's really well appointed. You get a kitchen--not a kitchenette, a kitchen. Electric stove (hate electric, but better than nothing), refrigerator, microwave, oven, dishwasher, coffee maker.  Plus, there's all the 'stuff' you need: pots, pans, dishes, cups. You do NOT get much in the way of supplies, though. There's a convenience store downstairs for all that, but you can also drive a mile or so to the Vons. There's a big table to eat at too. We got a two-bedroom suite and each of the bedrooms was great. Mine had a king bed with a TV. The bathroom was enormous. Huge tub. Double head shower. Double sinks. Very awesome. The living room had a couch, coffee table and TV. You know what was cool about the TV? They gave you all the channels, not the limited stations that hotels usually give you. Oh, and there's also a washer/dryer in the closet. There were two great amenities too. The rooftop pool was great. Again, not a sexy pool like you'd find at one of the big hotels. It was comparatively small and family friendly. There was a bar next to it too. Amazing view. I was also pretty impressed with the gym. Usually hotel gyms suck. This one had six treadmills, two elipticals, dumbbells and a lot more equipment than you'd expect. So, again, not sexy, but that was kind of nice. If you're traveling with kids, this is a nice refuge. There's not crazy casino downstairs, but it's right across the street from Planet Hollywood and the Cosmopolitan.
5	I'm a Marriott Vacation Club Owner and cannot wait until the second pool is completed. The rooftop pool could use a big of nature for ambience and shade...perhaps adding a few palm trees or something. I always love the staff and the rooms are always as expected, clean & comfortable. This is my home away from home!
4	This is the second time we've stayed at The Grand Chateau and would deffinately go back for a third visit. Staff are very polite and accommodating and the rooms and all communal areas are kept clean and tidy at all times.The pool area is rather small and can get overcrowded at weekends but manages to cope. This hotel is currently undergoing an extension so patrons should ask for a quiet room. The building work should not really effect stayers as the hotel are managing the system of work really well.
1	I wouldn't stay here again on a bet! I am a business traveler and I spend a lot of nights in Marriott properties. Courtyards are my preferred property but I decided to stay at the Grand Chateaux because it looked nice online, big mistake! I asked for a nice room and expected something special because I am a gold elite Marriott member. I was however given the coat closet. In my room you cannot sit at the table and see the TV, heck you can barely see it from the couch! There is no ice machine on my floor. The outside lighting beams into my room and the list goes on. When I called the front desk to ask for a more suitable room I was told the property is a vacation rental property and my Gold Elite status means nothing at this property. Unless you have decided to join the "vacation club" a move I don't suggest, avoid this place like the plague!
5	We we're stuck in sticky situation in Vegas and a friend booked a room for us here with her rewards points. When we first got there we we're surprised how friendly everyone was. The staff is amazing. We we're given a newly renovated room which was really nice. There was a small kitchen with a sink, microwave, coffee maker, and small refrigerator. The bed so was super comfy and the restroom was spacious. We had some time to kill so we went up to the sky bar on the roof and it was perfect. The pool is a lite small but it wasn't over packed. The drinks were a little pricey (for Vegas) but they were excellent and view was beautiful.
5	AMAZING VIEW! Spacious! Free Valet parking! Beautiful room! It was lovely! The beds were soooo comfortable! I even tried out the sofa bed on the last day and it was so incredibly comfortable! I want to recreate that bed at home! The kitchen had all the comforts of home, it was an amazing stay!
4	Loved it! Great timeshare! Stayed in the 2 bedroom villa for the weekend and greatly enjoyed myself. Even pullout beds were comfortable.  Kitchen fully "equipped" and even had washer & dryer! Kudos for the double-headed shower and huge bath tub!!!
3	GREAT hotel, even during construction. but, i gotta say, if we didn't have a Gift Card to Marriott from our wedding, we probably wouldn't have stayed here. the price point didn't match those of the Gaming casinos. on average, the Strip rooms i.e Monte Carlo, Flamingo, Harrah's, Luxor etc, all were well between $50-$75, albeit they all come with Resort fees. our room for a one-night stay at MGC was at $120, and that's with the construction they had going on. located very conveniently to Planet Hollywood and the Cosmo/Aria/Vdara/Crystals complex, this hotel is at a prime spot. they have a full service front desk, bell desk, valet service and room service. the pool on the roof, Skybar 38 is small, but, put together nicely. great views of the Strip area as well. our room was great, with a microwave, fridge, sink and coffee maker available. comfy beds, plenty of closet space and a nice bathroom area. wouldn't mind staying here again IF we had another GC or they lowered the prices to something more reasonable.
4	Best of both worlds!  Looking for a place to stay while in Vegas without all the noise, without the long valet wait, without the inconvenience of lugging your luggage across a busy casino, and without the stench of smoke?  Then Marriot's Grand Chateau is your place.   But there's more. -The Grand Chateau is basically a condo or nice sized apartment located right off Las Vegas Blvd and Harmon. -The rooms are spacious and clean-Hotel is quiet.  It wasn't fully booked, but it also wasn't completely dead either.  I saw a lot of people entering in and out of here. So my guess, this is just one of those hotels that offers peace and quiet. -Full size kitchen with a dining area-Living room-Decent views of the strip-Nice lobby with a great staff at your beck/call-Pool tables at the lobby-Cafe that serves sandwiches, Starbucks, and even gelato-Fitness Room.  Being a resident of Las Vegas, it's easy to take the strip for granted.  Don't get me wrong, I avoid the strip at all cost to avoid the crazy "Vegas Baby" crowds.  Staying here, you'll forget that you're on the strip, but at the same time, get to enjoy what the strip has to offer.  We took advantage of our stay here and played tourist the night we had a room.  We walked the strip at night, did some shopping, visited a friend, and then the next morning went for run.  I had a great time and am sure it was due to my company and comfortable night.  This hotel has a lot to offer and even though we didn't take advantage of everything that a staycation is all about, I can say one thing...the Marriot Grand Chateau is a nice place to sleep at.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (498/500)
4	I really did not know what to expect but after getting to my 31st floor room I looked out the window to some breath taking views!  The room reminds me of the normal "time share" rooms but what I loved was the full kitchen, washer/dryer and the full roman tub in the bedroom.  We did get the strip view and was close the elevator but we didn't realize there was no room service (which is fine since they have a full market store by the registration) so we ended up having to go stock up our kitchen!  There is no noise issues here, I couldn't hear anything and usually we can hear the drunk people falling and yelling, etc.  This is a wonderful place for the children since they do have rooms that have a full 3 bedrooms!  The pool is all the way at the top that also has a bar area that has a full view of the entire strip!Just wish there was room service...just love the Marriott food!
1	My recent stay was horrible, they want $175 (+tax) per night while majority of near by hotels were under $100 night. This is not really a hotel, it's a timeshare business that Marriott is a part of (or the other way around?) so the hotel function isn't really the main focus. It is nice to have kitchen and living room, but quality of service is bare born. First, hotel portion is totally understaffed...since my last stay a yer ago, hotel has downsized significantly. One person behind the check in, one person working for room service (yes! For such a huge hotel!) What pissed me off the most was the poor concierge  desk guy with really cruel attitude. I guess that's Vegas? Despite close proximity to the strip, cabs aren't lined up, inconvenient and valet guys are always pushing for private black limo (they charge x2~3 of city cab for exact same route)I thought this was good for biz travel but I changed my mind after recent trip, avoid this scam hotel wanna be at all cost...
1	Stayed at Marriott's Grand Chateau for a business trip. Unfortunately, I got sick and had contagious pink eye and requested a late checkout so I could remain in my room until 3:30 when I needed to leave for my flight. Initially I was told that this was not possible as housekeeping needed to clean the room. Then the time was extend to 11, then 12 "at the latest." When my work colleague, a man, began pleading on my behalf, it was extended to 1. I was then told anything beyond that was not possible as housekeeping needed to clean the room. Yet then they made the generous offer of letting me have the room for $50 an hour, or booking it for another night. So if the maids really needed to clean it for the next guest - how are they able to magically extend it for money? Clearly, they just wanted to make more money off me. So now I sit in the lobby writing reviews and sharing my pink eye with all the other guests. Oh wait - there are none! This place is empty. Just think it would have been nice for the manager to show some kindness. Hotel is also under construction.  Drilling, pounding, dust, debris, and water being turned off are common occurrences.
4	Arrived on a Saturday and was able to check in the early afternoon. The staff at the front desk was friendly and accommodating. Parking is complimentary valet only.I reserved 1 bedroom that included a complete kitchen, living room and even a washer & dryer. The room was located on 25th floor which had superb views of the City Center and I could walk to a variety restaurants & shops at the Crystals.Improvements at the Grand Chateau is the addition of a lobby bar and a large market / deli which serves Starbucks beverages. In addition, the new phase 3 of the development will be open around July and the decor will be totally different from the previous two phases. Every evening the staff hosted an event like wine tasting, margarita get together, beer tasting and Sunday Football playoffs on a large projection screen. If you're looking for fitness activities, the Marriott offered complimentary city walks every morning and yoga classes. Lastly the indoor fitness center includes a decent amount of cardio machines, free weights and life fitness equipment.I was impressed with the changes at the Marriott Chateau and I'm looking forward to returning when the new phase opens.
1	Nice hotel. Overpriced for amenities and location. But concierge service is terrible. Not friendly. Not helpful. Apparently they Have some kind of shuttle service that noone tells you about.They "offer" rental car service and all that means is getting dumped at Dollar rental and then we waited in line for over an hour to get car. Then return car and waited an hour for the shuttle to pick us up.
5	Great location convenient to the strip. We had a 2 bedroom reservation which they were able to check into early. We left our luggage and then went to walk around. The front desk called when the room was ready. Concierge was very helpful. I had emailed a few days earlier and they responded answering all my questions. The pool was disappointing, more like a little kiddie pool. Construction was barely noticeable during our stay, at least there was no noise.
5	Stay here all the time.. What most people don't know is that the rates are always better for a bigger and newly renovated room. 3minute walk to the strip and right on the other side of the Cosmo so why pay double the price to snooze.  No casino but plenty of that on the other side. Complimentary valet can't beat that. More family oriented but nice and quiet. Highly recommend ;)
5	Stayed here for business. Walking distance to the strip, full gym, and you can't beat the washer and dryer in the room!
5	Very nice , right off the strip.  The staff are extremely nice.  Rooms are very well kept. Very clean.  Free wifi.
2	We stayed here while in town for a business trip with my husband. The room/apartment was great, and the full kitchen was wonderful considering we had our child with us and were stuck in Las Vegas for a week.  However, the promise of a wonderful rooftop pool is lacking as the "Skybar" area was filthy, the bar was closed, and the pool is the size of a postage stamp. Hopefully the 4th floor pool will remedy the empty promise of a relaxing pool and service area.  Additionally, there was one employee who was INCREDIBLY rude on two occasions to both myself, my husband, and daughter...which is saying a lot considering our daughter is 2. She obviously dislikes children, so maybe the hospitality industry is not an appropriate career choice for her.  I do not recall her name, but she is a medium build African-American woman with shoulder length curly hair and glasses.  She  made it very clear that she did not want children in her hotel, and our child is incredibly well-behaved as we travel at least 12 weeks out of the year. I feel bad for anyone else who has had to deal with this woman with a child who was actually making noise or (gasp) actually enjoying the property outside of their room. Apparently we are not allowed to sit in the lobby with our toddler (who was quietly watching a movie on our iPad), or bring her upstairs when she is sleeping at 1:30 in the afternoon without BOTH of us showing ID (not just one of us, both..thus having to rummage through my bag and wake my sleeping toddler after a visit to the museum).  She is loud, rude, and hateful to children.  Then again, I also saw her roll her eyes and do nothing to assist an older gentleman that had stumbled, so maybe she is just overall a miserable human being. The attitude of this individual made us sure that we will not be staying at this property again.Otherwise, the room was cleaned beautifully each day, the rest of the staff kind, and the location wonderful. The complimentary valet is a godsend, and the little market is helpful, though their Starbucks is incredibly overpriced, even compared to other Marriott properties (I suggest making coffee in room...or there is a Coffee Bean across the street in the Miracle Mile Shops, and a fabulous Starbucks in Crystals).  There is an easy "off the strip" walk from the property that takes you straight into the MGM as well, which was where our convention was taking place...so nice to stay in a non-gaming, quiet space to get away from the smoke and craziness of Vegas each evening.It is just too bad one horrible employee ruined the experience.
5	I stayed here with some friends last weekend. I must say that I was pleasantly surprised about how nice it was.  The rooms are pretty big and they all have a kitchen area. If you are staying with a big group I would definitely recommend this place!! We got a suite with a separate bedroom, along with a hot tub. It was very comfortable, even with seven females. The hotel is literally a five minute walk from MGM (Hakkasan) and across the street from PH. The price is really good. If you're okay with staying in a hotel that doesn't have a club in it then I would recommend this one.
4	Good timeshare property in Las Vegas.  Not my favorite property, but the location is nice.  It's right across the street from Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino.  So since Marriott does not have a casino, then you can just walk across the street to gamble.The rooms are very nice.  The beds are comfy.  There is a full size kitchen in all the rooms except for the Studio suites which have a little mini-kitchen.  They have a washer and dryer which is very convenient especially if we are staying a week.  Wi-fi is included.  Feels like a home away from home.There is a fitness center and pools if you so desire them.  A little shop is in the lobby for some basic necessities.There is only one reason why I knock 1 star off.  I am not a fan of their valet parking.  I wish they had self parking available.  It is a pain when you have to wait for your vehicle 10 minutes each time several times a day.  Other that I have no complaints.
2	While you will initially be drawn to the moderate prices and location right by Planet Hollywood, you will quickly regret that decision.  Not only is their no restaurant in this hotel (they have a pool bar that can microwave a burger from Sysco for you if you are brave), they are going to spend the entire time trying to market to you and get you to buy a timeshare.  I mean the entire time.I received 3 phone calls every day in the room, and numerous messages.  And if you don't respond to those messages and delete them, they will remind you at the front desk that you have the messages.  Then, they sell your email address to their partners, who will put together countless emails to send to you that look like they were designed by a fifth grader who just learned that color text and font sizes are a thing.  I am surprised that the Marriott brand allows such tasteless emails to be sent out to its guests - not for the promotion, I know everybody needs to make a buck here and there - but for the sheer lack of quality in the emails from this person Kacee.  Fuzzy picture of the hotel's logo at the top, obviously a screen grab, highlighted text, numerous font sizes and colors.  Just hack.Anyways, back to the hotel - you get a spacious room, each is what they call a 'villa'.  Thought the term is misused, you can think of it as a large space, with three rooms (a sitting space with TV and a small, tasteful kitchen, a bedroom, and a bathroom) in the one-bedroom version.  The cost is reasonable for what is included, though since it is not attached to any of the casinos or anything like that, you will be wanting to spend your time elsewhere (less you have to deal with all the promotions and endless phone messages).  The hotel lies across the street from PH casino and resort, which is a nice example of the LV strip.  You of course have to trudge through an underground parking garage for about a 1/4 mile to get to the casino through a back entrance (watch out for delivery and trash trucks making the rounds down there, almost got hit!)  There are some great little restaurants, some tackier cheap restaurants, and a shopping mall that I did not wander in to but I heard was nice.  Played a little blackjack, lost some money, had some drinks - all in all a good time (at PH...)So in summation - it sucks that this is a timeshare property, will absolutely not be coming back here again.  The sales and marketing on site are relentless, and though I am not going to pretend they are high and holy, I am surprised that Marriott is okay with its brand getting tainted by hacker-y such as this.  Now my email has been sold to some crap company, so I have that to look forward to.  I stay in Marriott's around the country, about 100+ days a year for work and play, and this was by far the most annoying.  But if you don't have an email account, rip your room phone our of the wall, and don't interact with any of the staff on your way out the door to more interesting places on the strip, you will have a great time and save a little money!  Good luck!
5	Great property near the strip - but not directly on it! It's non smoking, and the new pool and fitness center is open with a steam room. I'm always impressed with Marriott's and this one is no exception. I attended a sales presentation here and they were a bit pushy, but not over the top.
5	I just came back from a  4 day vacation at the Grand Chateau and have nothing but great things to stay about this Hotel. I am a concierge at a rival hotel company but I have to stay this hotel is top notch! I can not reveal what hotel that I work for but I was totally impressed with the customer service that I experienced during my vacation. I am employed with a AAA 4 diamond rated hotel.The employees that I came across were always eager to help all guests. I am in customer service and I sat back and observed all this, all employees were sincere to every guest they came across.With all that being said, I have found my home whenever I go to Vegas. Just a hint, I work for the "happiest place on earth", and we are tops in customer service. I WILL  be back Grand Chateau!!!!!  The location is just off the strip, valet is great and complimentary, but tip them well, they will take cake care of you! It's great to come back to a property after a nice night partying on the strip that you can just relax, without all the smoke and casino action going on. I just can not say enough about the greatly trained staff  they have. Keep up the excellent service.
5	Great location! One block from the strip and across the street from Planet Hollywood and the miracle mile shops. I'm enjoying that I can go find the eventful happenings and return back to quiet. The room has a kitchen and dining area creating a cozy place to do brunch in the morning before adventuring out. We are planning on checking out the pool on the 38th floor today! Hopefully we have a great time!
3	5 stars for its location along the strip (across the street from Planet Hollywood & walking distance to MGM/Cosmo/NYNY).4 stars for the rooms.  I may be biased because I stayed in a suite with 1 King; 2 Doubles & a sofa, and we were on the 34th floor with an awesome view.....but ultimately, the sofa wasn't THAT comfy, and while it had all the family vacay staples like a functioning kitchen & washer/dryer, I just wasn't feeling the decor at all!! 2 stars for any other resort amenities. As in, there really weren't much. The rooftop pool is TINY, and the bar closes at 11pm. There is a "Market Place" that is like a mini over-priced grocery store, but no restaurants on-site and no room service (I guess there are enough restaurants at Planet Hollywood to make up for that....).  There ultimately isn't much to do here except try to find better pools (aka MGM/ other pool parties) and clubs in Vegas.  Their gym isn't bad.There is free wifi, free valet parking (which takes forever and is kind of a clusterf*ck at ALL HOURS), and sometimes free bloody marys/donuts in the lobby. Service is friendly, but the person working the concierge desk never answers the phone. Ultimately, nothing to rave about, but nothing to rant about either :)
3	Would not recommend this property for any one that expects the traditional great marriott service.  I agree with Matt R's review.  If you need a suite then this property will work.  If you want a quality marriott, there are others in L.V. where the service is great.I booked the room where the web site said 2nd room could be a king or two double. When I arrived the front desk said no to the two doubles unless I paid an extra $50.00 per night.  Even though I booked the room as a hotel night, housekeeping insisted that to provide a room clean I pay another $6.00 per night.As Matt R mentioned, the emails and phone calls totally unbelievable!  I am an MVW owner so I expect it but we got at least 6 emails on two separate accounts, calls to my home and when all these went unanswered they started calling my cell phone.  I am lifetime platinum, P.P. and plat. MVW so I recommend Marriott, but the Grand Chateau needs work!
5	Loved the friendly welcome!The concierge was able to get me fast reservations to exclusive restaurants that night.The rooftop bar had nice happy hours and good drinks!  The suite was nice and spacious and had nice views.its set just the right amount off the strip, not to far not to close.
4	Location is great close to strip.  Inside you will find a beautiful property well taken are of.  Will def stay here again!!  Miss having restaurant but everything else made up for that.
4	This is now my go-to place in Vegas.  Excellent service, beautiful location, very fast elevators, high water pressure, reasonable room rates.  We had a one room suite with a huge bathroom, big garden tub in the bedroom, small kitchen, dining room area and living room area.  Tons of activities, good looking gym.  We had drinks and snacks at the 5th floor pool (bigger than the roof top pool).  No restaurant, no room service, but you are literally only one block from the strip so all that is right outside the door.  The valets even remembered our last name after a day or two there.  Excellent!
3	Pros: Full kitchen which saved us a ton of money,  walking distance from strip, friendly staff; especially Lauren from the kids club, nice memory foam pull out bed. Nice, big, clean rooms. We had the two bedroom suite which included a big jacuzzi tub and big shower with dual shower heads. The room also had two pull out sofa beds.Cons: valet took forever, 2 small shallow pools (we paid money to useother hotel pools) hotel is renovating and there were only three elevators available. The wait for an elevator was at least 5-10 minutes. Flat uncomfortable pillows (bring your own from home) Two different times during our 4 day stay some sort of loud alarm went off. Today at 6am I was awoken to the alarm saying there was an emergency reported in the building and to evacuate the building by stairs and not elevator. It was extremely scary for me and my children,  and really stunk being on the 24th floor! It turned out to be a false alarm and no one bothered to let us know right away. I had to call the front desk and ask what the emergency was and they simply replied "there isn't one" I feel bad for the people who didn't call and actually walked down 24 flights of stairs for no reason. When they finally decided to announce that it was a false alarm we still had to hear the loud ear piercing alarm for another 10 minutes. I personally will not be returning to this hotel but think that other people would enjoy staying here because of the big rooms and kitchen.
4	If you can get it, you can't beat the military rate!  And if you can't, the price is probably worth it anyway.  We only stayed a night while driving through to CA, but paid $103 for a suite, 1 block off the strip.  The rooms were mostly updated, with some older furniture, but the space was ample...great for a family or trip with friends.  We had a kitchen, sitting room (with sleeper sofa), dining table, king sized bed in a room with a Jacuzzi and vanity/sink area, and an updated bathroom with large (dual head) shower. The property is doing some updates and 3 of the 6 elevators were shutdown.  This caused MAJOR delays when trying to leave or check out.  We were warned upon check-in though (if you needed to be somewhere, get an early start) and the staff was giving away free coffee as an apology.  The only time we were affected was upon check out at 10am.
1	Slow elevators, taxi service sucks, youre better off walking to planet hollywood for taxis
5	I just stayed with this Marriott this past 4th of July weekend and I have to say it was an awesome stay! Brett and Lina at check in were very hospitable and friendly. This was very different then some of the Marriott's I've stayed at in the past, they had activities for guests, which was amazing.  My partner and I did the tequila tasting, which was free, the ladies that hosted the event were very informative and friendly as well. There was complimentary valet parking which was very convenient. The valet team was always helpful, even getting stuff from our car that we forgot. The only thing I didn't envoy was there was no housekeeping being done daily. I understand that this is a vacation club hotel, so this why they didn't offer it, but it would have been nice to get this service daily. Thanks Team! Keep it up the good work!
5	It's my second time staying here at the Marriott Grand Chateau and I have to say I love it! From the moment you arrive all staff is very attentive and always anticipating your needs. This hotel has been recently renovated and has a very modern sleek look to it and the best part about this hotel is that it's smoke free and has a Starbucks on sight! !! (Minus the long lines for SB coffee. This resort is loaded with tons of amenities to take advantage of varying from the little Marketplace where you can buy hot and cold sandwiches, grocery necessities,  nice lounge setting with a bar, level 5 pool bar and grill as well as the 30th floor where you will find the pool and sky bar, fitness center, pool table and steam room.  However,  you will not find any slot machines or any tables to gamble but don't let this discourage you from staying here because right across from this hotel is the Aria, Cosmopolitan, Vdarra and Planet Hollywood. Did I mention most of their rooms are villas which include a full kitchen,  washer and dryer, dinning room table and so much more.  I cannot wait to come back.  :)
3	Have stayed here for a couple bachelor parties and was pleasantly surprised. I enjoyed the fact that they have kitchen and also a washer and dryer which is helpful in las vegas.
5	I am surprised by any bad reviews on this place.  I have been twice and both times I had the best experience.  We went the week after 4th of July and we got a 3 bedroom Villa, it was over 2000 square feet!  Everything was clean, the beds are the most comfortable I've ever slept in.  We were looking for the mattress tag so we could see what brand it was but couldn't find one.  The linens are soft, the kitchens are well stocked with everything you would need including a blender.  The view was quite amazing as well.  Sitting on the roof at night looking over the strip is one of the most memorable things!Parking is Valet and except for busy checkout our car always came within 5 minutes.This is not a Casino hotel, it is a Timeshare hotel so if you really want to rest at night but have Strip access, then this is the place to stay and feel like home.  One thing I loved...no one hassled us for a timeshare sales meeting.  NOT ONCE!  I own with Marriott, but still they usually ask at least once.  The staff were helpful at all times.  The only thing that wasn't perfect was that some elevators went down when everyone was checking out, but it was a mechanical issue and things like that happen.  Besides that, everything was perfect and I can't wait to stay there again.  Best trip to Vegas so far!!
5	Just checked in and we're impressed. The rooms are huge, nice layout and fully equipped. Super friendly costumer service and easy check-ins. We'll definitely be booking our next visit here in this hotel!!!  Marriott always exceeds our expectation...
5	This hotel was fantastic - I stayed with a bunch of girls for a bachelorette party; super clean, friendly, on the strip, etc. I left a bathing suit in my room and over three weeks later called the hotel about it when I realized and a really kind and funny guy named Benjamin overnight shipped it to me. Their staff is beyond great.
3	Very nice place.  The rooms were like mini apartments and the lobby had a market full of food so you didn't have to dine out all the time.  The rooftop pool is small and only 3.5 feet deep, but there is a bar up there.  I didn't visit the 5th floor pool, but I heard it was larger.The bar is nice and offers a variety of great drink specials including $1 beers every night (selection rotates but one night both Guinness and Red Stripe were included).Half of the elevators are out of order due to construction so it took forever to get an elevator up or down.  Luckily, we were on the 11th floor so it wasn't a big deal to walk up or down to our room.It's Vegas, it's hot and no amount of air conditioning seems to make the rooms all that cool.  Our bed was also short-sheeted the first night (the bottom sheet was for a queen bed instead of a king bed).
1	Rude and inconsiderate to all neighbors!All these people "valet" do is honk their horns around every turn of their parking structure "a lame policy."  I tried to call them about it but they put me on hold for 20 min. I was then told there were no managers available and that the reason they do that is because there was an accident.  Now it is their policy to honk. LAME! Install mirrors and drive slower!!!!I don't care how nice this place is, I will never endorse RUDENESS such as this!
4	It deserves 5* for weekend price alone and without resorts fees as well as location but with the Cosmo balcony suite and the insanely extravagant priced/luxary (depending on your point of view) of the Manderin, which can be viewed from my Jr suite window I can't do it. Valet only parking but its free.
5	Stayed here on business for two nights at end of July 2014. Really cannot thank the team of this hotel enough! With my hectic work schedule I completely forgot my work laptop, personal laptop, and tablet in the room at check out.  I received a call from Ben with the  security team saying I had left behind the items. Before the call I had not realized my items were not with me, I almost shi*t my pants!!!  I have left items before in hotel rooms and have never once received a call saying they were left behind. And to my surprise, Ben also offered to ship them to me for free!! It really shows the caliber of employees that work here, from the housekeeping staff who first noticed the items to Ben who called, shipped, and added a personal letter thanking me for staying here and hoping my items arrived in a timely manner. My entire stay was great. The greeters by the elevators were always friendly and chatty. And the room I stayed in had a great layout, full kitchen, washer and dryer, spacious bedrooms. I always have a hard time finding quality customer service in Las Vegas. I have stayed at the really fancy hotels and have never received the type of personal service I received here. Highly recommend this hotel! And thanks Ben and your team for bringing me piece of mind; my items arrived individually wrapped to ensure no damage to my precious cargo. Thank you Marriott Grand Chateau!
5	We're excited to be back! Yaaaaa! Always very happy with Marriotts anywhere we travel!
4	Getting here in the middle of summer is madness!! My family and I arrived in July and on a day when everyone and there mother happened to be checking out. It was just crazy, also crazy because the entrance isn't big at all. T he staff was working there butts off though. Besides the inconvenience of getting there when so many people were trying to check out we had no other problems. Check in took a little longer than usual but nothing ridiculous. I like staying here because it's pretty close to things like the shops, Planet Hollywood and food. Also since it's not a casino I don't have to worry about the overwhelming smell of cigarettes here! All in all when the availability is there and I want to go to Vegas this is always my first choice.
4	Nice and spacious New Lobby, good service when check in but will be nicer if they have Mobil check in like some other Marriott.The room was nice,  the valet parking system can be improved.  It will be nice if we can text or call the valet for our car so we don't have to wait under the hot sun.
3	I liked the hotel, everything was nice, but let me just point out the aspects of it that made me deduct some points. 1)Rooftop bar, ok so the signs in the elevator and in the brochure say something about "drink specials in the bar 7-11pm" . Except the bar closes at 9pm, that caught me off guard , well any bar that closes at 9 is weird. But they had my hopes up. 2) I was also surprised and annoyed by the 10 am checkout, I hate to sound like an annoying old white guy, but with my platinum elite membership one of the benefits is a late checkout. So coming in I thought, ok I will change the 11am checkout to noon. Nope, no late checkouts here, and the actual checkout is 10...why? Idk. 3)The room I stayed in was new, and I know this is picky, but it smelled like paint and after a night with some drinks...my head was not appreciative of the slight paint fumes. PS - I liked the furniture and decorations in the room. Thanks for having me.
4	I have stayed here twice when coming to Vegas. This location is perfect! Right next to Planet Hollywood, in the middle of all the chaos, but still far enough away to feel secluded! The first time I came here, there was a lot of construction going on. It was really a bummer because this was supposed to be a vacation, and I was woken up as early as 7am every morning by the noise of the workers. I thought I'd give it a second shot, seeing that I've stayed in most every other hotel on the strip and still enjoy the Hotel's location. I found this location through interval, so I knew it was something special! The rooms are gorgeous, and there has been a lot of construction since I was here last. They serve Starbucks, have a bar and grill, have a new pool, and so much more! My room has a perfect sized kitchen, great living room, massive dinner table, a gigantic bath tub and huge shower, and the adjoining room is spacious with a table, desk, and great sized bathroom. The downside is they don't provide housekeeping, so I tend to find myself on less of a vacation when I'm taking out the trash, making my bed, and cleaning up after the slobs I came with! Guess I have to choose my company more wisely ;)
4	This was my first time staying at this hotel.  My friend had a time share and so we stayed with him.  This place has no casino nor self-parking (valet only), which was kind of a bummer.  You can gamble or come and go as you please.Upon entering the room, we really liked what we saw.  The rooms were pretty big and cozy; it was so spacious.  The A/C worked well; some of us were freezing our butts off.  The room came with everything.  Kitchen, utensils, dining table, fridge, alarm, washer/dryer, sofa pullout bed, etc.  The good thing about time share was that we didn't have to leave at a certain time.  We had time to chill late into Monday and then headed out.  We had the rooms til Tuesday, but we had to leave sooner because of that thing called work.They did have a rooftop bar that my friend raved about, but unfortunately we never got to see that.
5	We traded our timeshare for this and we REALLY liked this hotel. We had one bedroom, full kitchen, living room and laundry (everything was new). Check in was fast. There is valet and it's free parking (please tip, they have to run up to the garage). They offer a free shuttle to Walmart and the outlets. They do have a small store and if they don't carry something you need, there's a CVS right in front of Polo Towers which is next to this and an ABC store in Planet Hollywood. We took a taxi (trip from here to Venetian $11.00) or walked.  They have 2 pool and a nice gym we never used but other people did. Security was present which I liked, felt safe. And the activities director was really cool. She left messages to let us know about free activities that we're going on (there was something everyday). A lot of people took part in this, I was just getting up and heading out for lunch (activities ended around 12). They also offer movie channels like showtime and HBO (it's free). Nice stay.
1	Bad service very disappointed First took the bell man 30 min to bring our luggage Then we asked for extra shampoo they brought us three conditioner and one shampoo i guess conditioner is cheaper :-)
5	Loved this place - helpful staff, gorgeous rooms, no casino in the lobby and centrally located on the strip.  We stayed here for our honeymoon and couldn't have been happier with our stay.
1	Okay, here is what my wife and I experienced while in this "HOTEL".  First, the PROS: their "new" rooms are comfortable, well appointed and chic, it has a full kitchen and and all the other amenities are brand new (TV, etc.).  Since we were here on business, we never  fully enjoyed this "Hotel's" other amenities  (we later found out  it was a timeshare) Everything else was GREAT ,esp the view from our room. NOW for the BIG CONS:  My wife and I, after a grueling 6 hour drive,  finally arrived at around 3:00 a.m. or so ONLY to be informed by the receptionist that we are unable to check-in because of a "system roll-over", whatever that is!  The lady over the counter politely asked us to wait by the lounging area across from the counter.  We both dragged our tired selves and sat and waited.  Suddenly, I heard  this loud baritoned voiced person, commanding us that sleeping is not allowed in the lobby (my wife had fallen asleep beside me) I tried to explain to this rather young looking man (nothing on his black jacket, except for a gold plated name tag with the name of DANNY,  indicated what he was, I could only assume he was with security) I tried to explain to DAN that we just were waiting for our room to be available and we just arrived from a 6 hour road trip. The more I explained, the more he got irritated and repeated that SLEEPING IS NOT ALLOWED in the lobby!  He refused to listen to my reason/s.  I heard him call for "backup" as if I was a threat to him. He was very rude and over bearing towards me, I felt that he treated us like common drunks or some bum who wondered in from the street!  His supervisor showed up and I related to him our situation, he listened and was apologetic, he said something of policy regarding sleeping in the lobby. WOW! after 6 hours on the road, AND being unable to check-in because of some technical error, THEN after waiting for nearly an hour TREATED like crap by security! (policy or no policy, no one has the right  to treat others with disrespect) A few minutes later we were finally able to check in, as I picked up our keys I relayed to the female receptionist about had happened, she was very apologetic and hoped that our stay would turn out to be a better one.  The older looking security guard, standing behind a desk was polite and professional, he greeted us then directed me and my wife to the correct elevator area and even offered assistance in checking into our room.EVERYONE else during our 2 day stay were friendly and nice and most of all very attentive, except for DANNY. He simply stuck out like a sore thumb! Sorry Grand Chateau everything else was great!   This episode of ours has left a bad taste and became quite THE story over dinner with friends!
5	What can I say.. Marriott's have great hotels.
