5	This Fry's Rocks!  It used to be Smitty's when I was a kid so I have an instant love for it already simply b/c the location is nostalgic, but beyond fond memories-- this Fry's Rocks!We bought a Patio Set- round table and 4 chairs AND a 3 burner BBQ with a sauce burner all for $289.00!!  Such a bargain!Not only is this place a clean, well kept grocery store, they sell like real stuff, furniture, decorations, lamps, bedding, the works!  Anyhow, I had a great experience here with today's bargains.  Now we can have our own little backyard patio party.... who wants to grill?
4	Holy Shit I remember when this was Smitty's. For some reason all the middle school kids would go here and steal cigarettes. Everyone I knew got busted here.  Kids..... huhAny way now its Fry's. I got to say it has a nice organic section but it is more expensive than at health food stores like whole foods. They do have really great sales on organic stuff so I always check them outRight now the best peanut butter known to man is being clearanced there. Its called MaraNatha and it is amazing. The only ingredients are peanuts and salt but the do a special grinding technique that makes the peanut butter semi sweet. I left a jar at my desk once and kept eating it, I ended up eating 3/4 of a jar. I felt like a disgusting fat fatty. I felt pukey for like the entire day. Anyway it is usually almost 6 bucks but its marked to 3.10 Killer deal!!!Seriously try this stuff!!If peanut butter is non organic they keep all the nuts in these huge silo's. It gets damp in there and causes mold on the nuts. They then hose them down with antibiotics. Yuck. That's why it tastes better organic tooThey are made in smaller batches to prevent moisture and cancel the need for harmful antibiotics.People sometimes have an issue with the oils separation, but you open it and stir it real good. Put it in the fridge and now it ll be evenly blended and for the rest of the jar no separation will occur. Was this review about Fry's or peanut butter?
5	I LOVE this Fry's!!  Why can't the Fry's at the corner where I live be just like this one??  Why can't it also have a:-bulk section where I can buy chocolate-covered ginger and coffee beans, and glazed pecans?  (Granted, the prices of these items are SIGNIFICANTLY higher than the prices at Whole Foods.  Yeah, bet you didn't see that one coming!)-a lounging area complete with leather couches, a wide-screened TV, and an attached dining area with nice-looking dining furniture and hutches?  Even the gourmet deli, cheese, and bakery sections are "jazzier" than the one at my corner of the world!Now if you'll excuse me as I'm going to have to visit my Fry's customer service to fill out some request forms...
4	Best Fry's I've seen...I love this Fry's store. It's local and convenient and blows away the Albertson's on the other side of the intersection. It has a large accommodating parking lot, and an attractive storefront facade. The selection here is surprising, which is good! I didn't expect them to carry the odd things I like to eat. But they do, so they've won my business. I remember how this location was pre-renovation, and wow, have they stepped up their game. Like Lindsay B. said, the "health" section is far more expensive than other health stores, so they're basically just hiking up the price for the convenience advantage. But that's business!
5	this is an incredible store!  i will give it a full review later
5	Overwhelming!  I feel like I needed a nap after taking a trek through this Frys' signature Market place. Even then name is huge:PFoodie- If you cant find it , it dosent exist. Hot spots- They have laid out this place perfectly, from the great wine tasting location right by the cheeses. The sushi stations.. its just perfect. NameTags- The staff ,I'm sure, understands how overwhelming , and are super helpful!! The nicest group of people. I love that they hand out a map of the place right when you walk in cause YOU WILL need it! Dont forget to stop by the cooking class area and speak with the chef!One down side- Other than just too many people, but its a new store, if you are shopping around with a cart and decide to stop for a wine tasting , there is no place for your cart. You know some places have a stroller parking spot, they need one for your cart. Break it down- It the best thing ever.
3	It is a grocery store but you can buy a couch, a gallon of milk, and if you are having a really bad day of domestic doldrums you can pick up a diamond.  There is a jeweler in the building but not owned by Fry's.  I am reviewing after my second visit.  I would say for me this a special stop where I might pick up some everyday items.  Like if I need something fantastic from the bakery.  They also are running a $3.99 per pound salad bar right now if you have their magic card.  It is super fresh.  They also have a sushi bar and tortilla press.  The prepared food can be purchased hot or cold and they have a large selection which seems to change often.  My only knock is they are bit pricey for me and who wants to buy a couch or a diamond at the grocery store!  My friend and I popped in for a lunch in their market after a hike, and it was perfect and affordable.  They do have a lot of wine but I can say if it is good or bad.... maybe the next visit.
3	Went back for the same "crunchy" roll I had last week.  Roll was great but the weird grocery advertisement over the intercom was getting on my nerves. Too many sounds between the intercom, tv, and music being played in dining area.  Did see that they offer cooking classes in a spiffy looking kitchen....need to check that out further.  They also need some recycling ambition for the dining area lots of plastic containers and cups being trashed.
5	Love fancy Fry's!  This was my usual location before the remodel, I was not happy about having to go to another store for 6 months but it was well worth it. This store has the best selection of anything you are looking for.  The staff is super friendy and polite.  I love that they often hand out samples like Costco, hope this doesn't go away after it's been open for awhile.
4	This place is cool, huge selection of premade foods, alcohol and everything.  Its like a crazy mexican market but the majority of the food is actually edible, also they have covered parking and if your a real jerk valet.  Covered parking is cool, on the other hand valet is a bit obnoxious for a grocery store no mater how cool it is.
2	If you're looking for a dining experience at Fry's deli area you're better off going to an actual sit down restaurant.  Fry's "dining style" food in the deli area is very substandard at the best.The seating area has comfortable couches, flatscreen TV's and DSL quality wi-fi.  The annoying part is having to hear the loud fan blower going off and on everytime the outside sliding door opens and closes.
4	Super awesome Fry's!!This place has valet parking, covered parking, a car wash, water fountains inside, a sushi bar, a wine cellar, an olive bar, hot tortillas, a cooking classroom, and a cute Asian man yelling "Riiiice caaaakes!" This is not your typical Frys....it actually reminded me a lot of AJs - the classy decor, the beautiful bakery and deli stations, and the food products you can't find at your normal grocery store.  Of course, unlike AJs, it also had the selection of a regular ol' grocery store...But, I am wondering if this Frys is more expensive? I bought over $50 worth of grocery, but only saved $3 with my VIP card, usually I save quite a bit more. Maybe it was the sales that week, maybe it was that particular location - I can't be sure! Super fun grocery store to visit.  Is it worth driving 11 miles out of my way? Not really.  Maybe if had a ton of groceries to buy or wanted to make an afternoon out of my shopping experience.
3	I love to grocery shop. It's one of my favorite things. Even with a list, a trip to the grocery store takes me at least an hour because I am compelled to go up and down every aisle to see what new discoveries might be made. Therefore, you might think this would be a 5-star store for me. But it's not. It's too much. Even for me. What's worse, going up and down every aisle is nearly impossible because the aisles go in every which direction. Will I be back? Probably. Is this a shopper's panacea? Not for me.
5	Wow was about all I could say when I heard about the new store... then when I actually checked it out I had no words. This place is incredible. Valet, concierge, wine tasting, cooking classes, sushi counter, deli, tortilla factory, wedding cakes, exotic fruit, aisles dedicated to foreign cuisine, great prices, a giant bread slicer so you can pick how thick you want it, awesome cheese section... I could go on and on. The best part about having all of this under 1 roof, they are still inexpensive Fry's prices. They do not jack up the price just because it is a nice new fancy-shmancy store. My first exciting moment in my adventure was the cheese counter. They had these amazing little cheese plates from a specific country (Spain, Switzerland, France and so on) with four small cheese teases with some nuts and berries. Amazing! AND if they don't have any out in the case, no prob, just ask and one of their cheese specialists will whip one right up for ya. "Where did you get your Wedding Cake?" "At Fry's" could be a conversation someone might have, and they looked beautiful. As most grocery stores have these days are a Starbucks, but do they have a lounge area with flat screen tvs to go with it? Nope, but this Frys does. So comfy and inviting so those who choose not to follow their loved ones around the store for hours or just get lost and need a moment to collect themselves. Oh did i mention that the butcher will even grill up your steak for you right there at the meat counter? Incredible. OK I am getting a little carried away about this place, but seriously you have to go check it out for yourself. Oh and try the chicken salad in the deli department and the cheddar blue cheese in the cheese section. They will change your life!
4	I LOVE the features of this store! But EVERY TIME I go to checkout there is some price difference!(BOGO not ringing up right, etc) Also, they have nothing but kids working there and they think its a social club!
5	This Fry's is nothing short of amazing.  As other reviewers have mentioned, it is both upscale and MASSIVE.  There are many different prepared food themed stations, such as a juice bar, a sushi bar and a wine bar.  There is a walk-in refrigerated wine area and a studio kitchen that holds cooking demos.  The produce section even had a jackfruit for sale, although it was priced at $100, so I'm sure it was more for display than anything else.The best thing about this Fry's, though, is that it helps you to avoid making multiple grocery store trips in a single day - I've wasted too many hours doing the Trader Joe's/Fresh & Easy, Safeway, Whole Foods trifecta just to find all of the groceries I need for the week.This place has the prepared foods and specialty selection of Whole Foods, the staples of a normal Fry's or Safeway, and although it's not as cheap as TJ's or F&E, it at least doesn't burn a hole in your wallet like AJ's or Whole Foods.  Come and check it out for yourself - it's quite an experience!
2	I want the old Fry's back!! something has changed in transition. My husband and I have shopped at Fry's for more than 13 years. We'd even go out of our way to shop here but no more. Our main complaint is the customer service (or lack of). The friendly, helpful staff has disappeared. Where did they go? Who brought in the second stringers from AJ's? Grumpy is not attractive. Though I must give the Sushi folks credit for enthusiasm and free samples.  The layout of the bakery and deli departments is so crowded we avoid that area completely. The aisles seem more narrow than before. We now hit up Albertson's, Bashas and Costco.I am sad to lose my good old Fry's!!  We'll pop in once and awhile to see if by chance things change.
5	I love this new Fry's concept store, there is so much to see and do here. Depending on what you're in the mood for, you can just do some regular grocery shopping or if you want something to eat for lunch or dinner this place can fit the bill too. They have a great hot and cold bar as well as made on the spot sushi which is not too bad for a grocery store. While you are here have a glass of wine and some cheese at the cheese bar or if coffee is your thing there's Starbuck's or try the juice bar the choice is yours. You can eat and relax in the bistro area, sit by the fireplace and watch TV or just dine outside and have a chat with a friend. What other grocery store offers all of this? Oh I forgot to mention the chocolate dipped strawberries that are available year round and the gourmet cupcakes where you can create your own combination or just grab some pre-made ones to go. I can go on and on but I think you get the point. Other Perks: Covered parking in the lot Valet Parking Mobile Car-wash while you shop Fred Myers Jewelers Ethel M Chocolates Tortilleria A Nice Book Selection DVD & CD area Gourmet Meat department (Dry Aged beef and Wagyu beef) Gourmet Fruit & Vegetables available (check out the mushroom selection) Nice home & housewares area
5	Walking this place is like walking into Willy Wonka's fairyland.  A million beautiful flowers?  Check.  A mile of produce, much of which I've never heard of (and I watch Iron Chef)?  Check.  Amazing sushi samples?  Check.  Samples of EVERYTHING? Check.  Starbucks, amazing deli, smoothie bar, olive bar, salad bar, cheese department, bakery, fresh cinnamon sugar tortillas... Yes, yes, yes.  Covered parking?  Yes.  Valet?  Yes.  A soda machine where you can put some cherry syrup in your sprite?  YES!  AH!  TOO MUCH!!!Employees in the store always offer to help me.  Maybe they work on commission and think I'm an easy sell when I'm walking around with drool coming out of my mouth.  Who knows?!
5	Went on a perfect day to shop... Superbowl Sunday, after the game already started.  It was like my very own store!  I had heard this was the mother load of all grocery stores in Phoenix, so I spent 2 hours in there.  Just to get the feel and lay of the land.  LOVE IT!Besides doing all my grocery shopping, I will point out the cool things about this SIGNATURE MARKETPLACE.Covered parking with the option of valet and having your car washed while shop.  Pretty cool.Great furniture selection.  Seriously.  Saw a desk and shelf set that I think I have to have.There is a wine bar inside.  With stools, a TV and a bartender.Smoothie Bar- yum!Bakery is out of this world- attentive staff to help you make selection.  A large variety of bakery items and breads.  CARB HEAVEN!There is a mini whole foods inside the store.A mini bed bath and beyond as well.And a mini best buy.I love it.  I can't wait to go back.The fruit and veggie section is gorgeous too!
5	The remodeled store is super.  Won't find fresher veggies or a better selection of meat.  They have it all, if you can't find it here....you probably don't need it.  Great ethnic selection as well.Very attentive to service and friendly staff.  Covered parking, valet, car wash so your vehicle is happy too!
5	Best grocery store in 85253
5	This is an amazing shopping experience.I liked this Fry's before the remodel.  I like it even more now.The previous reviews highlight the wonderful things about this location, and additions since reopening.  One of my favorite things they have here is grilled salmon in the area near the deli, ready to buy at around $10/lb.  Cooked that day, take it home, heat (or not) and serve over a salad.  I LOVE IT!  There are so  many other choices for that last-minute meal, less than going out to eat, still feeding the family healthy food.There is such an amazing selection of services and foods, that one must visit to fully experience this luxury.Employees are friendly and helpful.  If you need to grab something fast for a party, a potluck or the like,  you will be a star with any number of ready to serve offerings here.
5	I have died and gone to grocery heaven. This Fry's is unlike any I have seen in Arizona. It is chic  and humongous, but it is also well laid out and sectioned off. You could spend all day in many of the different departments or just run in and pick up a few groceries. StarbucksSmoothie BarOlive stationBeautiful floral departmentOutdoor Garden CenterSushi StationWine BarLoungeAwesome produce sectionJewelers and chocolate stationsTortilleriaGourmet everything you can image if you want to spend a little more (meat, seafood, cheese, vegetables, fruit).. And on and onCovered parkingCar Wash ValletLoading Assistance And on my last trip I even saw the Easter Bunny. Completely awesome!
5	This store is pretty bloody amazing. I came here before the remodel and even then I thought it was kind of cool because I've never seen a grocery store selling furniture, but now it is just ridiculous. I think it's best described as a combination grocery store, gourmet food shop and Target with an emphasis on food. Other reviewers have already mentioned all the departments which range from chocolates and baked goods (including a separate Ethel M stand) to a huge wine department to electronics and even books (set up like B&N). They still have furniture, as well as linens for your house. And if you need a diamond ring there is the Fred Meyer jewelry store too. I like how everything is set up in distinct departments which keeps it neat and organized. The assortment is a little more extensive than a regular store, but you won't find a lot of the unique products you might see at say, Whole Food. And the covered parking is kind of silly though because it's just a roof on top and not a garage or anything. I guess every little bit helps in the hot Phoenix sun!
5	It's not a grocery store, it's an experience. Presenting, Fry's: "The Experience." (Check out my pics, you won't believe your eyes!) The words "grocery store" or even "marketplace" don't come close to describing this place. It's more like a Disney Grocery Land. Before you even walk in the door, you'll see free valet parking, car wash, and covered parking. Walk inside directly into an over-the-top floral department. Looks like something out of a Donald Trump wedding. There's a tree with twinkly lights and oodles of gorgeous fresh flowers. Look to your right and you'll see the cooking school. You can sign up for a variety of classes, at reasonable prices, taught by local chefs. Keep walking and you'll be in the produce section, actually more of a world's Farmer's market. It has the usual produce, of course, but also unique items such as shitake mushrooms ($50 per pound), blood oranges, kumquats, and miniature pineapples. But the beauty is, they also offer regular apples, oranges, mushrooms, etc., at competitive prices. It's the best of both worlds, competitive traditional foods with availability of exotic items, should you wish to indulge. That same concept extends throughout the store. Naturally, there's a wine cellar, but can you believe they also have a large wine and cheese tasting bar? And then (drum roll please) there's the bakery. I think I could live there. A normal selection of breads, cakes, pies, and pastries are intermingled with high end and artfully presented confectionery masterpieces. There's a tortilla factory too, you can watch them being made and sample them while they're still warm. But wait, is that a Cupcake Shoppe? Yes, can select your cake, filling, frosting, and toppings and they'll assemble you very own customized cupcake while you wait. The candy counter is mesmerizing: chocolate dipped strawberries, caramel apples, chocolate dipped marshmallows, the list is endless. Okay, admittedly, I've spent too much time on the sweet treats, but it leaves me spellbound. The meat, dairy, deli, prepared meals, seafood, frozen foods, canned goods, and international foods are available in vast and varying supply. Gees, there's even an entire section of the store called the "Kosher Experience." Plus, the pet food aisle contains a refrigerator stocked with fresh meat / dog food, should you decide to pamper your pet. This place is amazing and is worthy of a full day school field trip. Heck, it's worthy of an adult field trip. Even so, I want to stress that normal grocery items are sold here too and at competitive prices. It's a win-win for the customer! As you'd expect, there's a pharmacy and a bank within the store. But would you expect a jewelry store? Yep, if you so choose, you can buy a diamond ring as you're checking out of the grocery line. That'll give you some added bling when the valet pulls up with your freshly washed car and helps you load up your groceries.
5	Awesome Grocery Store.5 stars becuse they stock a few items that I could only purchase before online.also..  their sushi bar rocks.seriously, compare their sushi to any of the sushi clubs.. errrrr 'sushi bars' around town.In a blind taste test -- Fry's would win.
5	OMG This Fry's is a DREAM come TRUE!  This is how I want grocery shopping to be!  Holy goodness, I could live here...Ok, so this is one of the flagship Fry's stores, and has everything.  When you pull in, theres free valet (im sure you have to tip though) and covered parking.  Customer service here is awesome! I had a girl unload my cart for me at the check out! Who does that?  Loved it!!  They have a sushi bar here, FULL deli with lots of premade dishes and plenty of meats, cheeses and breads.  They have a full wine cellar and hold wine tastings as well.  I checked out the wines, and they have everything!  They have your typical $20 bottle, all the way up to a $400 of red wine.  Nice!I was also thrilled to see the nice selection of Kosher items here as well.  They even have a cooking school.  Totally worth going here.  Make the time to do the drive because this is how grocery shopping should be!!
5	I went here for the first time after the remodel today and have called two people and texted one other about how beautiful and amazing this store is. Tonight I went in "real fast" to get yogurt and toothpaste. I walked in and stopped as I thought, wow, they did a great job. Then I walked around the produce section... for 20 minutes. I was overwhelmed at all of the options and exotic fruits and veggies they carry. Things I haven't since since European and Spanish markets... it was glorious. Since it was late I didn't see the meat counter open but would assume good things are found there. Truly, this is the most beautiful store I have ever been to and I was nearly emotional as I walked around and took it all in. Such a blessing to live in a part of the world where this can happen and I am grateful for this Frys... who even says that about a duly grocery store?! I do!
5	Just wanted to give a shout out to the Florist at this location. It is down the road a piece from my apartment and this is quite simply the best and biggest Fry's Marketplace in the entire state of Arizona....if not the Country. She hooked me up with a great corsage for my wife.....and I didn't give here many details except that I wanted Cali lily's and they had to be white. She asked me a couple of questions about my wife's dress and the rest as the say was history. I returned a couple of hours later and there was my beautiful corsage waiting for me to give to my beautiful wife. While this may not be the cheapest place to shop for your groceries....they do have everything from the covered parking outside......to the free valet parking as well. Wine and Cheese bars.....to cooking class stations. Massive deli department......to massive bakery area. The aisles are spacious.....the self checkouts are a must try.....and the customer service is top notch. When your leaving they even have a Redbox for you to rent movies if your into that kind of thing as well. Don't let me forget what I started this review with......the Florist Department.....simply great and I will be back for all my flower needs in the future. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
5	Oh.My.God. Have I died and gone to grocery store heaven? I think so. Fancy Fry's, as I have renamed it, is 20 min from my house. I refuse to go to the Fry's near my house and now drive out of the way to go here. Wine bar, valet parking, samples all over the store. SAMPLES ALL OVER THE STORE! I want to run outside and yell it at everyone that walks by. And the dessert bar, Lord! If you hate grocery shopping like me, Fancy Fry's will make it a much more enjoyable experience.
5	Definitely the weirdest/fanciest grocery store I have ever been in. We just moved to this area and I feel like a Beverly Hills housewife when I shop here. Came here last friday night for groceries and I walked by people watching sports updates and drinking wine while I shopped for produce. There is also free valet, covered parking, car wash service while you shop, an area to take cooking classes, and a book section with a sliding ladder! This place is like a one stop shop! Prices here are about the same as any other fry's. Look out for items on sale and the participating items for the "buy 10 get $5 off" deal. With sale items and our fry's card, we bought a ton of food for about $75. Nice to save a lot of money and feel like a million bucks doing it! Oh and try the fried chicken, it's dellliiiicious.
5	Dear Fry's Employee that works behind the pastry counter,I'm sorry I drooled on the window by the caramel apples. It is one of my few (okay, many) weaknesses.Sincerely,TasiaP.S. You're smart for having a window as a shield for that reason.This location has everything! I believe this is their Flagship store for the Southwest. Not only can I valet my car for free, BUT I can get it washed while I shop! It sometimes makes me feel like I need to dress up to go grocery shopping here, but then I remember I used to bag groceries here when it was Fred Meyer and I get over my weirdness. Sushi bar, Starbucks (thanks for not helping my addiction), wine concierge, lots and lots of cheese, amazing fresh bread stand, etc. Seriously, you need to give this location a try, you won't be disappointed!
3	Fry's really helped me out on a recent trip to Phoenix as I was able to get my natural healthy items that I live on back in Seattle, They had a great stock of Larabars, So delicious coconut milk ice cream and my Bobs Redmill Almond Flour for some snicker Doodles I was hoping to make. What really hurt was their Sushi. I had heard great things about the Sushi bar but when I got there I saw piles and piles of prepackaged rolls and nagiri. As I looked over the ingredients, there was nothing but Whey, Lecithin's more preservatives that do not belong in sushi. Sushi should be "Fresh." I'm not a fan of conveyor belt establishments, and even less excited to grab a plastic clamshell ToGo box. Needless to say, I am still fending for a great place to grab Sushi while in Phoenix. HELP!!!
2	I have loved this Fry's since it reopened last year.  I spend a lot of money here.  My last shopping experience was disappointing and frustrating.  I got home missing several items.  This is the 3rd time this has happened to me at this store.  When I talk to anyone in the store (most recently an asst. manager) about this there are no apologies.  All 3 times were like this.  A while ago, I purchased shrimp at Safeway and got it home to find it was spoiled, I returned to the store and the manager replaced double the shrimp and refunded my money.  Now, that's customer service.Fry's may offer good prices but you can't put a price tag on good customer service.
5	Ben shopping at this location for 10.5 years....way before the redo. I loved it then, so many markdowns and bargains. I still love it no but not for that reason. It's so fancy, lol:)  Love to shop there.Only draw back......annoying moms in that area.....Your wearing work out clothes and your to lazy to take your cart back!  Your in work out clothes!!! Take your freaking cart back- lazy @ss..........
4	Wow, great place.  Much bigger than u thought it was going to be.They have a Fred Meyer jewelry store in the front along with a US Bank and Starbucks and a cooking space.Electronics section, garden stuff and garden furniture.Oh, and they have groceries!  Get your milk and pick up a wedding ring while you're at it.
5	I love the new look. I love the new covered parking. I hate though how the downsized their inventory. Yes, there is tons to buy, but with particular brands, one might not find a full line of the product forcing one to go elsewhere to buy. This use to be my one stop shop, but now I have to go hunting elsewhere for simple everyday items such as onion powder. Minced onion  I can find from small to large volume, but onion powder is only found in a small volume.  This is my one complaint for this location. Other than that, Fry's is my grocery of choice.
5	The best supermarket...end of story.  I like the covered parking, which helps in the dead of summer.  I haven't had need to use the car wash or valet parking service, but I think that it's a nice touch for people who cant walk far, mom's with kids and the elderly (or just super lazy).  The produce section has items I have never heard of and we have had fun trying new things.  The bakery has items that rival top tier bakeries, at half the price.  The meat department has a great presentation.  The service is great.  People watching isn't as good as Fashion Square, but it's not too shabby.
5	This is a grocery store like I have never seen before! Valet parking or covered spaces for those that park themselves. Once your inside you almost forget you are in a Fry's. Feels more like a high end whole foods or AJ's, but still with Fry's prices. Too bad it wasn't closer to home. I wouldn't mind filling up my cart here more often.
5	If every Fry's was like this one I'd frequent them more often.  Between the covered parking, bulk selection, and good prices I personally think they are better than the Whole Foods down the street for staple items and while their prices are higher for some of the esoterics that actually helps in my case to prevent me from buying more oils, vinegars, spices, etc that will sit in my cupboard indefinitely.  Employees are friendly, the store itself is nearly spotless, and it is within walking distance of my current residence.  No complaints.  None at all.
5	Wow. This is like a Fry's Marketplace infused with everything that is good and expensive at other gourmet grocers. I've never seen so many different exotic fruits. Dragonfruit, anyone? The bakery inspires the 5 year old in me to say "Gimme, gimme, gimme! All that is chocolately, glittery, pretty goodness!"Food allergies? Rest assured, you will find a wide selection of soy, dairy, gluten, and whatever else is popular these days- free food.Enough kitchen utensils to please Emeril.Wifi of course.Covered parking, now you're just spoiling me rotten.Fry's low sale prices-am I dreaming?I have to stop in every time I pass by, because even when I don't know what I need, this store has it!
3	I'm not ashamed at all... my review of this grocery store is all about wine. This store has a wine bar in it... did you know? Marvelous idea I say! The bar actually serves wine and tap beer. Several friends and I started going here monthly for a little get together as it as in a great location for us. It USED to be you could go and pick out a bottle of wine , pay for it and then drink it at the bar... you can't do this anymore. NOW the rules have changed and you HAVE to pay by the glass. Sucks a bit because now that affordable $15 bottle of wine will cost you $20. The process they told us is you can still pick out a bottle and bring it to the bar. They will then check the price of the bottle and using that price as a guide will then tell you the cost per glass. With this change in policy I bumped my review down from 5 stars. A few other things to mention about this place is that it's HUGE! They also have a make your own peanut butter (or other nut butter) bar - pretty cool. The Bistro has some pretty good and affordable food as well. Plus, need your car washed? Get that done while you shop too. All it's really missing is a staff of teenagers to shop for you for a small fee... hey kid, here is my shopping list - do it all for me and I'll give you $20. Bring the cart to me when you are done... I'll be at the wine bar waiting.
5	Favorite of all time. This grocery store has it all. Wine Bistro, Sushi Bar, Cooking Classes. If you want to see Kroger's/ Fry's Flagship store, this is the one! They have everything. Service is fantastic.
4	This particular location is very upscale.  Sort of like AJ's, only MUCH bigger.  Besides the usual stuff at Fry's Marketplace they have a wine and cheese bar, a "wine cellar", a small cafeteria, a sushi bar, and some really good breads (beyond the usual French bread and baguettes).  The cafeteria has some nice stuff.  When I saw them setting up for dinner they had prime rib.They also had a cold food bar, and after you buy it you can go to a lounge with a microwave to nuke it!  I grabbed some stuffed chicken breast.  They charge $7/lb for all the stuff there (a tad pricey, but it was pretty good).The fish counter had some really nice stuff (like ahi tuna).I wish I lived closer.  Fry's prices on the general stuff, plus all these nice extras.  I would come here regularly if I did.And covered parking!  Even valet, if you want it.
5	The first clue that this is more than just a regular grocery store is when you pull into the parking lot and notice the covered parking and the free valet parking. But then again, what do you expect of a store located right next to Paradise Valley where you're likely to run into a professional athlete, Hollywood star, or just a CEO worth a billion dollars or so?Once inside, you'll see that this store has an amazing selection of produce, meats, cheeses, organic items and other groceries. But it also has a large section of home goods, decorations, bath and other grooming items, and other drugstore-type goods.And the nice part is, that other than a few specialty items, you won't pay any more than you would at your regular Fry's.So if you're in the mood to add a little luxury to your boring old grocery shopping, head over to this Fry's Marketplace!
5	My favorite grocery store hands down since the remodel. Great selection of produce and almost everything else you need. They guarantee everything excellent customer service.
5	I will drive to this Fry's every chance I get!  This is the Grand Daddy of all Fry's stores!  YES!  It's got covered or valet parking, they'll bring your groceries out to you curbside, they'll even get your car washed while you shop!The bakery is to die for but unfortunately they make nothing gluten free.  They have whole bars of ready made dinner type items.  The olive bar is massive as are is the sitting area near Starbucks.  Leather and massive yummy chairs.  I jokingly said to my Mom that I might start hanging out there all day with my laptop.  Seriously.  Seriously that nice.The whole store has wide aisles, massive choice and excellent customer service.  Gourmet chocolate, why yes.  Organic section?  YES.  A jewelry store, bank and a huge area of home accessories and furniture items.  Clean, well lit, flowers, odd fruits, cooking classes.  That too!
5	Now, I don't know about you, but it's hard to be a fancy lady. Luckily, I can shop at The Fancy Fry's. Sure I might be in my sweats and I'll fight you over the last turkey, but at least this place has covered parking and complimentary valet service. Neither of which I've used, but it's the thought that counts. This Fry's thinks about me and my needs. Do I need twenty different types of cheeses? No. Am I going to buy twenty different types of cheeses? Yes. Fry's has got my back (and my wallet) and I'm okay with that. I love this Fry's. You can get all your grocery shopping done here since it has many more items the normal Fry's but all at the same low prices. Plus, there's a wine bar, smoothie bar, sushi bar, omelet bar, olive bar, etc. all located within the store. I really love their huge cheese selection and can get caught up in the frenzy of delicious cheese and barely notice half my cart is gouda, smoked cheddar, and brie. (This has happened more than once.) I usually only come here when I need to do some serious shopping because I always spend way more than I would at a regular Fry's since there are so many options. Luckily, I can stock up on essentials and delicious extras. This place is an experience and definitely one you should experience at least once. Even our out of town guests beg to be taken here. I know I'll be back - when I run out of gouda.
5	I love this location of Fry's! Everyone in my group of friends calls it "Fancy Fry's" because it's, well, fancy! They have a smoothie bar in the store, a miniature library where you can actually sit down and peruse the books, and a starbucks. They have a "foods of the world" section, so if you're making a regional dish (japanese, british, middle eastern, italian), come here!
3	It's a grocery store with an upscale decor.  I've shopped here both before and after the remodel and while it's looks fancier now than before, it's still the same.  I haven't had any problem with any of the staff.  The bakery is filled with all kinds of deserts and they worked with us the one time we did use their services.  While I don't go out of my way to shop here, it's only a mile from the house, I don't avoid it either.  I like the decor and selection but it almost seems as if you need to make a day of shopping.  I'd like to see about the cooking classes, and hope that they are not overpriced.
5	THis location is just amazing.  It is like a field trip, so go without the kids.  THey even have a wine bar :)
5	This is the queen of all grocery stores.  It puts AJ's and the upscale Safeways to shame.Covered parking.  In and of itself may be enough to get me shopping there exclusively in the summer months although I'm sure they can be hard to get in the summer months!  They have the shorter two level carts which are much nicer to use than a basket or the traditional cart.Extensive this that and the other thing in everything.  And a lot more of it.  Every cultural food you can think of, then some more.  Wine cellar and bar, sushi bar, lunch counter, deli counter, flowers all over, even a bedding section (and I bough a quilt set today, it was too pretty and nicely priced to pass up).  There's even a jewelry store.  I didn't see a day care though, wouldn't that just put it over the top!?Valet parking and car washing is available while you shop.  Really.This is not for those in a rush to grab something fast and go.  The upscale design and layout is casino like in i's intent to trap you in mazes of plentiful aisles.  Best not to make your first trip in when you need to get in and out quickly.
4	This is the fanciest fry's i have ever been to. you have everything you need in one stop. Fun place to just go and hang out because there is a wine and beer bar here.
5	Has everything you want - food, liquor, bakery, meat, sushi, Starbucks, pharmacy, home furnishings, flowers, car detailing, and lovely indoor and outdoor seating. The covered parking is great in the summer as well.The prices are a touch higher than nearby alternatives but you can't get a more luxurious supermarket in Phoenix.
4	I was told by a wine vendor in one of the other Fry's stores that this is the only "Signature" market in Arizona.  That is actually not true, there is one in Anthem that I'm aware of, so maybe there are others as well.  No matter, it is unique.  No shopping experience matches it.  I drive to it from a ways away when there is serious shopping to be done.  If all you want to do is dash in and grab a gallon of milk or a loaf of bread, the corner grocery store is better for that.  THIS store is an excursion.  It would be even if all you did was wander the aisles and admire the broad selection of items available in every category!My family has health issues requiring particular types of foods that can be challenging to find in other neighborhood stores.  This Fry's has an amazing array of choices.I also appreciate the selection of loose leaf teas and the ones I have tried are very good.  EVERY grocery store (almost) has whole bean coffee any more, I've never been in another one that carries quality loose leaf tea!Cooking classes?  yeah, they've got that. plus all the other specialty items mentioned in other reviews.  I've even met someone here for a business meeting because of the plush coffee shop environment.  I know that free wi fi isn't much of a novelty any more, but it's nice to have for that meeting.I've never encountered any grumpy employees, every staff person has been friendly and helpful.
2	The planing and execution of this stores existence is superior. I love having this store in my neighborhood. However, the management and allocation of staff is horrible. I've been now over a dozen times and not once have i received anything but incompetent service. The deli host 4 young and inexperienced staff, doing about a third of the output it should. Same with the checkout counters. Slow, mistakes, and completely unkind. It is frustrating, having such a great store but managed so poorly.
5	Aweeeessssooommmee I could live here! It has a living room, electronics, a full jewelry store with questionable customer service (previously reviewed). I can grab a cup of tea at Starbucks, take a nap, go have a wine tasting and then have sushi! Its awesome! There is a freaking Kosher section that has organic, kosher chicken. Oh and when I walk out I can pick my freshly detailed car up from the valet. Folks, people, countrymen ya'll don't understand me... this place is awesome sauce.
5	If you have not been here, get off your butt and come shop here. This like what adult dreams are made of. A wine bar, Sushi bar, cooking demos, gourmet every thing. I love this place so much It hurts.....
5	Excellent!! I have never shopped at a better grocery store!Polite and pleasant employees- very helpful. You can tell the staff enjoys their job, overall. Very pleased with the selection of ethnic foods.
5	Best grocery store anywhere, simply because they have a bar in the middle of the massive store with several micro brews on tap, a wine bar, and a few flat screens. Grabbed a beer here one night with a buddy (seriously, I did) and felt like we were at, you guess it, a bar. Prices were actually slightly cheaper than being in a bar. What a great idea!
5	Fry's has it all! I live at this store. Great bakery, flowers  everything! If you are looking for Kosher meat- they have a great selection. Covered parking and valet!
5	Love this grocery store.  I usually never shop at Fry's and shop at Safeway, but this is the ONLY Fry's store that I will go to.  It's fancy and always has items that you wouldn't normally find in a regular grocery store.  We usually only come here though for the pastry department....and the fresh sushi.  There's a sushi roll there that we always have to get when we stop by and it never fails us.  For some reason, I can't remember the name, but it's basically a california roll with some mayo spicy sauce drizzled on top.  The guy who stands there and yells out "fresh sushi" could take a break though, his voice is annoying.  Anyway, my review here is for the pastry department.  We have ordered our sons birthday cake here for the past 2 years....last year they were cupcakes with angry bird rings on top.  Delish!  This year, we ordered a quarter sheet white cake with whipped cream topping using their Despicable Me theme of Minions on the cake.  The cake turned out the exact same way the picture did.  We were impressed - and more so, we were so impressed by the taste of the cake.  It was so good!  Our guests also asked where we purchased the cake.  So kudos to the pastry chefs at the Fry's on Shea & Tatum!  We'll definitely be coming back.  There's also some limited cover parking which is great for those super hot days - but expect to drive around if you're looking for a spot.  And they have valet, too, for the super lazy. They also will wash your car for you (for a fee) if you want, while you're shopping.
5	If I wasn't so happy with my neighborhood I would want to move so I am closer to this location. Oh. My. God... This place is huge. They have everything, but my favorites are the wine bar, sushi station and candy apple station. Fall is approaching and if you haven't tried one of their candy apples then you are missing out!!!
5	OMG! Always shop Fry's but this store is incredible & I can't believe I did not know about it! Everything you can imagine in a store, fresh food, wine bar, furniture, ready to eat food with beautiful spots to sit down & eat.  Leather couches to sit & drink coffee. Covered parking!, get your car washed while you shop! This is now my go to store!
5	I absolutely love Fry's Marketplace! It has everything you could ever want from a grocery store. I enjoy the Deli Station where I can place an order for all of my Deli meats and cheese I need. It is ready in 15 mins and sometimes is even quicker. I shop for my produce and by the time I get to the deli my order is waiting for me. Another amazing quality about Fry's market place is their bakery. It is amazing. They can pretty much make you anything you need. I have worked with Kathy the baker on many occasions. Kathy is always very nice, helpful and so creative.  I have order about 10 delicious cakes from her over the past 8 months. We just keep coming back! I can find everything at this store and everyone is so friendly. Also, I have the Fry's app and I am able to download digital coupons straight to my card, track my gas points and make grocery lists.  Check out is always quick and easy. I highly recommend shopping here!
5	You win Fry's Signature Marketplace. You win. -- Best. Grocery Store. Ever. I'm not even kidding. This is the most magical "grocery" experience, I've ever had. I'm air quoting grocery because this place is so much more than just a grocery store.The variety of offerings here... is mind bottling. For starters, the produce section... I've never seen so many different mushrooms in one place. Mushrooms aren't your thing? Ok... go to the bakery. Enough delicious looking offerings to rot you teeth out of your face in 5 minutes. Huh? You don't eat sweets? Ok... check out the area where they fill growlers with beer. Yeah, I said it. They have growlers and a little bar-esque sitting area where you can sample the beers they have on tap. A salad bar. An olive bar. Deli. Beautiful floral area. Wine. Liquor. A jewelry store. You can even buy groceries if you want. There are rows and rows of... everything. I didn't even have the energy to go through the entire store. I barely made it out of the bakery. The store is clean. Aesthetically... well let's just say it's lovely. Absolutely the prettiest, most well organized store I've ever seen. Anywhere. On the planet Earth (I've never been to another planet). If you've read this far and nothing has made you say, Like Whoa, I need to check this place out... Well... then I'm not properly communicating this Fry's' awesomeness, or we probably shouldn't be friends.
5	Beautiful location! This Fry's has everything, food, pharmacy, books, electronics a Fred Meyers jewelry store, Starbucks and US Bank. Even covered parking!
1	The grocery store is amazing but the pharmacy really needs to get it together. Every time I go there I run into issues but they don't care to tell me the issues until I come back to pick up my prescription. I waited 30 mins to come back and find out there was a computer error I was then told 15 more minutes to find out that they didn't have either of my prescriptions. What were they doing for 45 minutes?
5	Love this Fry's! So clean... They have so much food! A bar! A food bar for quick take a way dinners. A home & decor/furniture section. I'm in love!
4	I'm not one to write reviews on grocery stores, they are a need that we all have to fulfill, they all have items and stuff we buy and place in our house and depending if we are starving when we shop sometimes it's not good choices that made it to the house haha. But this Fry's Marketplace surprised me, my only need for going into Frys was to pick up a bottle of wine, wasn't looking for anything fancy schmancy, after all I was picking up a bottle of wine from Frys, so I walked back to where the wines were at and what did I find? A chiller room for the wines! HELLO!!! I like my wine chilled!!! They had plenty to choose from; from the less expensive to even a $500 bottle of Dom Perignon this Frys had a nice selection of wines! I was impressed, what I had originally came in for was forgotten when I found a nice bottle of a sweet Riesling. 4 stars for the nice selection of wines, the chiller room and even a chilled case of wines!
5	This is a mega frys marketplace! Wine bar, restaurants and tons of other specialty departments! It is something that I had heard about, but just assumed it was a regular fries marketplace. This place is definitely worth checking out, especially if you just need to pop in and out for lunch at the buffet, or a quick glass of wine at the bistro after work.
4	Don't normally shop here, but when I heard about their booze sale...so there. (I swear I don't have a problem) I stocked up and I can't wait until their next big booze sale! yay for 12 steps!
3	This Fry's would have gotten a 5 star if they didnt change their hours. that really disappointed me because this is my favorite Fry's grocery store. now they close at 12am =(
5	This is the best grocery store you will ever go to. It's like Disneyland for adults. I get excited when I have to get groceries and get to shop here. I drive out if my way to come here cause its so great. I do with they would open more locations like this. Very high end feeling inside with so many different options, buttttt still with the great frys pricing. I was afraid when they were re opening after the big re model that like everyone else, they would raise their prices to cover their expenses. No here, they gave the store a high end feeling without charging the high end prices. Thank you frys! And they also have a wine bar inside, so get a glass of when before you go shopping
5	Absolutely LOVE the sushi there! The store is very nice and has lot's of varieties to choose from. Excellent kosher section as well.
5	Just tried their sushi for the first time and the crunch roll was very good! Impressive for a grocery store.
5	This is a State-of-the-Art Fry's Marketplace that provides everything you think you might need...and more!  There is a gigantic Kosher foods section titled "Kosher Experience", opening Jews and Goyim alike to delicious Israeli and Glatt Kosher foods.This Fry's doesn't discriminate.  If you want to be a fatass, you can spend hours shopping at the snacks and soda sections!  If you're passionate about all things organic and vegan and whatnot, it's right in the front so that your anorexic self can prevent yourself from fainting on the journey to the center of the store.  If you live off of TV dinners, this is your place!  If you want a fresh snack to eat, you can get it here too!  Do you like samples?  Fry's will let you sample one of it's weirdo experimental salads (Grape salad??) to try.  Sure they aren't the best, but hey, they're friggin' free samples!Do you want to buy a whole loaf of bread and don't want to cut it yourself?  They have a BREAD CUTTING MACHINE that you can use!What is amazing about the Shea x Tatum Fry's--a serious gem of a Fry's, an oasis, a beacon of hope--is that the low prices Fry's is well-known for doesn't change one bit! I can't go to this Fry's without spending at least an hour and a half in there.  It's worth it because you can get gas rewards for shopping there.  The manager's specials actually help you double the points because you're willing to risk your life to buy almost expired food for 1/3 of the original price.  They reward you for your ability to take risks.  Can I get a hallelujah!???!?!??!FIVE STARS!!!!!!
5	I'm trying not to dwell too much on what it says about me and my boring life(Grad School is KILLING my social life!) that I would get this excited about a frickin' supermarket but this place is AWESOME!!!!I literally had to stop for a minute and take it all in. I've never been in a market with such a great layout. There is a strange, natural flow to the place that I can't describe. I NEVER write my grocery lists in any particular order but the layout meshed perfectly with my list. In addition to the layout, the cleanliness was also apparent and all of the fixtures are shiny and new.Did I mention that they have a wine bar in the market and a very nice one at that? While this did earn the 5th star, there are plenty of other reasons why this market earns top marks from me. This is my new market and I am happy to drive a little further to come here to do my marketing from now on!
4	This Fry's is pretty cool. It's really big, has lots of interesting fruits and veggies and has a really cool cheese counter area. The hubs and I like to go here once and a while on Sunday afternoons for a change of pace :o)
5	Wow I have so much fun going here! It reminds me of Wegman's on the east coast. I love the fresh foods section and meals to go. I am also impressed with their healthy food selection. I needed coconut milk yogurt and Fry's has it for cheaper than anywhere else I can buy it from. Win! They have a frozen yogurt spot that I want to try too.  Like, the swirly kind out of a machine. Also, a co-worker once bought my birthday cake from here and I loved it so much and haaad to know where he got it from - I thought it was a professional bakery!
5	Every time I am in Phoenix I stay in a hotel for work, so I don't actually grocery shop. The first time I went here was to pick up some water and snacks for my room. They had a sushi sample and it was AMAZING. I bought a couple of boxes and brought it to my coworkers for lunch. They all loved it too! It is really hard to find good sushi in a grocery store, but Fry's sushi guys are awesome. This is now a must-stop for every trip . . . I choose this over going out to lunch or dinner. Definitely 5-stars for the sushi!!
5	wow! way nicer than my ghetto fry's! this place has not only groceries (of course, laid out with a lot more pinache as well), but several lounge/seating areas, sushi bar, wine bar, car wash, a plant nursery, and even full on home goods and outdoor furniture for sale! but this is a high tax bracket area so it's to be expected.
5	Great!!!!!! It's a Friday night. We think we will go to the super market and pick something up to take home. Much to our surprise-there is a bar, sushi station, deli area, bakery. Had a gorgeous glass of white wine at the bar that has stunning granite counters and nice leather chairs. We get a cheese platter to share and nice beer on trap.  There was some light conversation amongst the other 10 guests; it was pleasant and civilized. Not like a loud and crowded bar. And to boot-all reasonably priced.Can't wait to go back!
5	OMG! This place is a wonderland! On my first visit here, I stopped in to get one item. Once inside, I completely lost my mind! An hour later, I remember why I had come in the first place. One can get lost in here for hours.  Even non-shoppers are engaged!  If you go to this place, especially on a Saturday, go hungry. Let me repeat myself...DO NOT eat before you shop here! They have several food kiosks/demonstrations/sampling throughout the store.  They have a sushi bar, olive bar, salsa bar, wine bar, cheese bar, bread... (I sound like Bubba from Forrest Gump..."There's pineapple shrimp, lemon shrimp, coconut shrimp, pepper shrimp...") This place has a little sitting area in their book department...like a mini B&N!  There is also a jewelry, furniture, and home goods department. The place is huge!  Valet and covered parking is available. Have your car washed while you shop.  Talk about a SIGNATURE marketplace...  If they do not have it here, you do not need it! As you can judge by this, and every review, this upscale marketplace is tailored to capture the attention of affluent shoppers.  So...leave the drama at the door. No complaining or acting up when you walk over the threshold.  From organic foods, warm breads, bazaar meats, chilled wines, fresh sushi, and delicious desserts to best-selling books, patio furniture, cooking lessons, fine jewelry, shaded parking, and cheerful staff; it's here.
5	One of the best grocery shopping experiences if you have the time! The store is very big and the options are overwhelming, in a good way. I like to call this Fry's the "Fancy Fry's" because it has everything from sushi made on the spot to endless selections of wine, beer, and alcohol. They also have an incredible bakery that makes custom cakes and homemade tortillas! Not to mention delicious pretzel bread rolls that I grabbed on my venture in there last time. The butcher has fine cuts and a plethora of seafood, more than your average Fry's. I could go on and on about the different selections but you should pop in there and check it out for yourself.Don't forget to look at their home section! Last time I was there I was astounded by the variety of mushrooms they have...I love me some mushrooms and they had so many types! One of their produce guys, I wish I had caught his name, was very helpful and talked to me about some of the stuff they get during certain seasons and I am so excited to go back and find myself some Lobster Mushrooms.
4	I call this place "Fancy Fry's" because it is a step above all other grocery stores. The only reason I lowered the rating is that they have free wi-fi that seldom works. When you report it, one of the managers made it clear that it was free and they don't have to fix it. I used to spend a lot of time there as I was tutoring, but stopped going when they couldn't keep the Internet running. I highly doubt they built such a beautiful area because they don't want people to frequent the food court area. They need to get their internet up to speed and make sure that employees know what to do when it goes down.  Most of the employees are terrific.
5	My dream grocery store- yup no joke. This store has everything from exotic fruit, wine bar...whaaa?!?)to a Cold Stone Creamery right smack in the front if the store.  Oh and I can never get out of there without grabbing some fresh rolled sushi- they have a huge selection and always have guys behind the sushi bar making it. Silly to leave a review about a dang grocery store- but this one takes the cake!
3	I started going here instead of Whole Foods whom i'll call 'Whole Paycheck".  I like the Kosher area for kosher meats.  Although sometimes the kosher chopped beef meat smells foul. I think they should be more careful about making sure it's fresh. The kosher chicken is very good and fresh. The kosher stew meet is ok.  I also get the organic meats i like the strip steak.  I get the meets mostly for my dog as i don't want to feed her GMO death food. 95% of the food at these grocery stores contain GMO death foods in them. GMO has been proven to cause cancer in lab rats and they have started feeding it to the population since 2001 to lower population levels. The Illuminati cabal who secretly run this country want to exterminate most of the people so they have been putting chemicals in foods since Nazi germany to cause cancer and they have skyrocketed cancer rates from 1 in 10,000 people to 1 in 4 in like 100 years.  Most of the foods in this grocery store is too poisoned and i wouldn't feed it to my enemy or rat on the street unless i was evil.  All that matters to these corporations are money, they could give a rats ass if they cause most of their customers to get cancer down the road. The damage done by eating foods with chemicals and GMO don't happen right away, it could take 10 years for your body to start falling apart. First you get tired, fat, skin problems, migraines, stomach aches....then diabetes, MS, cancer etc. It's all caused by poisonous foods. Too bad not enough Americans are awake or have brain cells left to even care. Most will read this and think i'm nuts and go back to drinking their poisonous sodas and watch TV where they market eating poisons and make you believe cancer is natural and they don't know how people get it.  I personally recommend only eating from the organic section where it says non gmo.  All the rest should say "cancer" on it.
5	In Phoenix for thanksgiving vacation and stopped for grocery items.  I was very impressed with the deep selection.   Also the fruits and vegetables were of the highest quality.
4	I shop here all the time as this is very close to my house.  It's huge, it's one of the biggest marketplace in Metro Phoenix.  They also have a shaded parking area but it's first come first serve and by the time I got there, it's all full.  They also offer free valet service.  This place is huge and you can spend a lot of time here.  This store used to be 24 hours, but they changed it because not that many people were shopping at 3 in the morning.  It's still good, but I wish they would open until late night maybe until 1 or 2 in the morning.  Good place, check it out if you are ever in the area.
5	this is the best frys. so huge and its just so fancy
5	I love how I can stop and have a glass of wine in the middle of my grocery shopping. That is all!!
5	I love Fancy Fry's!!Their floral section is unbelievable, they always have an amazing selection of both mixed bouquets, potted flowers and single flower arrangements are gorgeous!I also appreciate the additional amenities they have - the wine cellar, sushi bar, smoothie bar, expanded cheese selection, etc. These keep me coming back!
