4	Nello's has delicious pizza!  I have yet to find pizza in Dallas that has Chicago-like crust and a plethora of toppings like Nello's.  If this review were solely based on the pizza, then Nello's would receive five stars.  However, the salads are lacking in variety and the atmosphere is cafeteria-like.  That being said, I look forward to our next trip to Phoenix and I am sure Nello's will be on our short list.
4	Nello's is a fun little pizza joint in Old Town. There is a hotbed of pizzerias around there, including Nello's and Grimaldi's which is just across the street.Nello's is pleasantly surprising with its creativity. I had a pizza with crab as a topping, and I can't say I have ever been able to even think to order that before. It can be a little pricey, but if you want something other than your standard pep and cheese pizza with sodas, drop by and give it a shot.
3	i never understood the over-zealous Nello's fans, but i like their pizza every now and then. not the best - far from it - but good.went there jsut his past weekend and was happy to hear they had happy hour specials on the weekend. we sat outside, the patio was big, but uneventful since you're in a strip mall. service was terrible this time. never had a problem before, though. they have lots of beers on tap, and bottled, and food comes out pretty fast. salad was what you'd expect from a place that caters to famillies and sports followers looking for a place to get a slice and watch the game, nothing fancy.
4	Quite yummy.  And a great lunch spot.  I went at 11:30 to avoid the crowds and I'm glad I did.  By the time I left at almost 12:30 it was a 30 minute wait.  I tried their traditional pizza with their thick crust wheat pizza crust.  Since their motto is "In crust we trust" I figured I'd see what they could do with a less traditional crust.  I was pretty darn impressed.  I was also a big fan of their House salad dressing - though the boring iceberg lettuce I was eating it on could have used quite a bit of improvement.  The House dressing was a tomato based blend with spices that served as the perfect introduction for their pizza sauce.  I tasted garlic, pepper and basil and maybe a hint of oregano.  I absolutely suggest that if you get one of their basic salads.I saw someone going at a spinach salad and it almost made me wish I got that instead of the pizza.  (HA!  Ok, not quite, but it looked really good.)It's not the best value for a single diner for lunch as a drink, side salad and personal pizza cost $11.  But what I got was pretty good.  I might be tempted to go again w/ friends, go in on a large pizza and share one big spinach salad.  Guessing I'd get quite a bit more value that way - while also balancing that healthy/not healthy thing a bit better.  I wouldn't drive across town for it, but it's a great spot to run if you're in the area.
4	Great pizza at a good price.  It isn't exactly like the Chicago style that I had in Chicago (an upside down pizza), but it is the closest I have found in the valley.
3	Looking for some great deep dish pizza? Try Nello's! Looking for some great Raspberry Ice Tea? Nello's is not so much your place. SO I had a bad experience with the Ice Tea last time I was there, but Nello's really does have excellent pizza.This location has a bit of a manly feel to it, as apposed to the one in Old Town Scottsdale. There are TV's Hanging on the corners with alcohol advertisements lighting up everywhere you look so it has more of a bar feel, which may or may not mean you would like to go there on a date. Unfortunately the service was not the best last time I was there, but like I said the pizza really is the show stopper. I'm a little torn by the fact that they have craveable tasty pizza, but not so great service or drinks... so in the future I'll probably do take out!
4	I *heart* Nellos.  Whatever location, the food seems to be consistently great, and if you've read my review of the Old Town location you know that my heart really belongs there at that location.  Things that I dont like about this McClintock and Southern spot:1.  Service last time I was ther BLEW.  We sat at the bar because there wasnt anywhere else to sit and we were in a hurry.  Big mistake, it took us over an hour to get out of there.  The bartender was doing about 4 different jobs, none of which was attending to the people at the bar.  And this was just lunchtime. 2.  Its not decorated as nicely.  Call me crazy, but it matters.3.  In Old Town you can walk outside and enjoy some of the shops, bars and people scenery while this location is in a strip mall.  Boring.All in all, still a great place to eat, just not as entertaining or as impressive as the Scottsdale one.
3	I don't think Nello's makes fantastic pizza, but they sure do make a mean salad. I'm a fan of their garlic bread and their chicken caesars, and while their pizza isn't extraordinary - it's decent. That's about the best compliment I can pay the pizza. I used to play poker here, but outside of that I doubt I would make an extra effort to eat here. I tend to run into people I haven't seen in forever when I come here. The last time I was here, I ran into an old friend who became famous and I lost touch with. He was here picking up food for his band - clearly baked. He must've lost the coin toss. I had heard this was good munchies food... but isn't all pizza that? It probably helps the taste of Nello's particular pie.This location seems a little less clean than the South Scottsdale one. It's also bigger. I've had good service here and I've had lousy service here as well... I don't want to score based on that though because poker players are difficult to serve.
4	Nello's Pizza is a valley classic. I remember going to the Tempe location almost 20-years ago. I have always enjoyed it, the food is always above par, the service can suffer a little when they get busy, but overall this is a great place to grab a unique pie and a little slice of Arizona (sorry). The salads rock here as well.A sitdown Ms. PacMan machine? Hell it's worth going just for that! (I'll take any of you on).
4	You'll never need a refill, because the drinks are huge. The deep dish pizza is okay (I had the spinach pie), but I think I like Uno's Chicago crust better for it's buttery flakiness(gasp!) They do give you a choice of whole wheat crust (which I got) or regular white crust. If you're gonna get a salad with your pizza, be aware that the salads are ginormous, so it might be a little hard eating a pizza as well (Or, I just suck because my stomach just can't take it like it should.) There's lots of sports memorabilia and games, so that's kinda cool Their house dressing rocks, but I can't really decipher what is in it, or even describe why it's good. It's just good. I really just wanted to write a review with no breaks. Thanks.
4	I  have to admit that fourth star may have been added for the memories factor.  Back in high school this was a place we'd go to when we ditched.  I like the pizza a lot.  The last time I went we had a group of 24 and we had a back room all to ourselves and pushed all the tables together so they were very accommodating there.  I was a little disappointed they wouldn't let us split the bill up how we wanted, but it's understandable with so many people.  I'd say this is a pretty good chill date place.
4	We love Nello's Tempe. Part Nostalgia because we used to live across the street in the College Days.   Now we pick up a pizza and take it home and it still taste great. Love the sweet tomato sauce, whole wheat crust, and  tasty toppings. Sure wish they would put one in North   or Central  Phoenix .....
4	Nello's is really good for Pizza salads and sandwiches. It's not fancy, but it's not grubby either. The tortellini salad is great if you want to try something other than pizza.QUICK WARNING: They're always closed on Mondays.
2	I had heard really good things about Nello's and how great their pizza is.  I should have considered the source: a Mexican who was born in Alaska, and grew up in New Mexico.  I love the guy, but what does he know about pizza?The service was good though.  Our waiter was totally on the ball with refills and separating our checks before we even asked.  If I could remember his name I would give him a shout out right here.But I'll forgive bad service for good pizza, and this pizza was just mediocre. For $10 I got a 10-inch 4 cheese thin crust pizza.  It was thin and crispy and cut into little bite size pizzas.  It was more like a pizza flavored quesadilla than an actual pizza.  It wasn't bad, but I wouldn't rush back for more.
4	I know that even within my own corporate halls there are discussions over New York vs Chicago pizza and who has the best...All I've ever really known is New York style. [We've shipped in Chicago and its a bomber - loaded with cheese and meat and a total heart stopper. ] So now that you know my dirty little secret, this is good pizza. Not woohoo over the top, but its good. Sorry, but no self-respecting NY pizza would have either the deep dish-ish sensibility or the crispy crust thing. We frequently take the kids [aged 19 -7] and its a hit. I'm not a wings person but all reports are that the one flavor - buffalo - are good. Its clean, service is right on and pleasant. Totally can't complain.
4	Went once, many, many moons ago.  Had a great server, and I regret to have forgotten his name.  Too bad, 'cause he was a cutie...Ordered a medium spinach pie w/ original white flour crust (Mom's favorite) and a medium whole-wheat thin-crust Marguerite for us to share.  (I always try to order whole-wheat, 'cause if I don't, I feel so guilty having pizzas, and guilt is never a welcomed guest to any meal gathering!)  We also ordered a small salad to share, and our awesome server did not hesitate to bring more salad upon request!  The beautiful pizzas took about 15 minutes to arrive, but the Marguerite pie looked tiny compared to the spinach, and when we mentioned it to the server, he didn't even skip a beat.  He agreed that the pie looked like a small, and less than ten minutes had passed when he delivered a larger pie.  Fantastic service!  Great customer service, people, that's what it's all about!!  (Some of you would beg to differ, but I'm sure you have your list of now-defunct restaurants that served SUPERB food, but lacked great customer service.  Am I right?)So, yes, if thin-crust pizzas are your thing, as they are mine, then definitely check out Nello's!  I've eaten at both Southern/McClintock and Guadalupe/Alma School locations.  I've tried the antipasti platter at the Old Town Scottsdale location, and didn't care for it.  I'll give OTS another try, though, and order pizzas so that I may give an appropriate review!
4	Their sausage is so good.  Do not miss it.  great pizza, very friendly
5	Nello's is my favorite pizza place in town. Fair prices, great pizza if you like thick, Chicago-style. I love all kinds of pizza but Nello's takes the cake in my opinion.
3	I hate to give a blah review but I was let down after everyone had raved about this place.The pizza was nothing special, and I wouldn't have even tried to visit the restaurant a second time and try it again if other reviews hadn't pointed to the opposite.  The crust and the sauce, neither one stands out.Great place for families though, chill atmosphere.  And they have four peaks on tap.A big bummer because this place is right next to our house and we were counting on it to be our get out and relax restaurant.  Our quest for our cozy yummy pizza joint continues, suggestions anyone?
3	This place has been in a bit of a decline since I started going there several years ago, but I still have love for Nellos in my heart.  I think their pizza is really really good, and they have a great selection of beers on tap.  Most of the staff is super cool and awesome, but the last couple of times I've gone this slightly slow/blah guy with no people skills and it has been lame.  They have a pizza cookie w/ice cream similar to the oreganos pizzookie if you are familiar with that.  It is really good, but not quite pizzookie status in my opinion.  I go here if I don't have the time to brave the 2 hour standard wait at Oreganos and because dad loves it dearly.
3	I like their cheese and crust but this is a place to go more for the atmosphere than the actual food.
5	Nello's pizza is awesome! The staff has always been efficient and very nice. I'm not sure why the recent bad reviews, but hopefully Nello's will look at those and fix whatever can be fixed. People have very different ideas of good pizza so hopefully a few bad opinions won't sway others from trying it out. Keep up the good work Nello's!
2	Alright, for all the hype I heard about this place, it is probably the worst pizza I've had in the valley (next to the new & improved Domino's, yuck!).   Maybe a long time ago it was good, I don't know, but now it is a big over priced blah!
4	All I want to say about this place is.....The pizza was finger lickin' good.The Salad was awesome.The House dressing was very, very good.I want MORE!!!
4	Being that this place is in the same shopping center as my usual coffee shop, I drive by it constantly. I kept telling myself that I needed to come here, but it always slipped my mind.  I finally staggered in here on Saturday and am glad that I did.The place is simply decorated.  Nothing fancy or exciting, just a standard pizza joint kinda look.  I sat down and took a look at the menu and was happy to see the variety of not only pizzas, but sandwiches and pasta as well.  I was personally looking for pizza myself.The thing that I liked about their menu is the variety of pizzas that they have...not a "typical" or "traditional" menu in my eyes. Its not so far off the map that its its impossible to find something that you like, but they have options like "sauce optional" and veggie type pizzas which I think are cool.I went with a small invidiual 7 inch pizza with pepperoni.  Its Chicago deep dish pizza and yummy! I also want to say that the service here was amazing!  My waitress really was excellent, and I will be back for that alone!
4	The sauce here is excellent.  The crust is also consistent every time.  People are cool who work here for the most part.  Only gripe, get a better beer selection.  When I go to the valley, I try to eat here.  Good times had by all.
3	meh. I have a few Arizona-native friends who RAVE about Nello's and HOW GREAT it is and it's the BEST PIZZA EVAR! I've been a handful of times and it's pretty average in my opinion. I think it's funny someone else mentioned the raspberry iced tea because I strongly believe they're staff has never tasted it or else they would be ashamed to serve it and then charge their customers for drinking it. Their pizza cookie mabob is different than your standard Oregano's/BJs pazookie, which I enjoy. Oh, also they double booked my group of 40+ a few days before an event and we had to scramble to find a replacement venue.
5	Can you give a pizza place 10 out of 5 Stars?!Sauce can make or break the pizza and the Sauce at Nellos is incredible, Give me a Straw!!  This is hands down, the BEST pizza I have ever had.  I moved to San Diego 10 years ago and whenever I visit home, have to stop in.Originally started as chicago style, crust is absolutely incredible.  Last time i was in they were also doing woodfired thin crust which was amazing as well.  Now I have to order 2 pizzas everytime I visit, 1 thick crust and one thin crust.They really layer on the toppings too (super high quality stuff also) Hey Owners - how about opening in San Diego!!!!
4	Nellos is perhaps one of the best pizza's per cost in Phoenix.My wife actually prefers them over many of those up scale fancy pizza parlors.Overall they have a very good consistency and have won my heart. Try their buffalo chicken pizza (I'm an anti chicken on pizza guy but this deserves an exception).
3	Made a recent trip to Nello's Pizza while at work.  The place has a nice atmosphere, with comfortable seating.  We were helped as soon as we walked up to the to go counter.  The gentleman who took our order was extremely friendly (as were the rest of the employees).  Prices were reasonable, I think we paid somewhere around $11 for a large pizza.  The gentleman who took our order told us it would be about ten minutes (it ended up taking 20). I must say I wasn't terribly impressed with the pizza.  It was pretty good, but Nello's pizza didn't really distinguish itself from any of the hundreds of other pizza places in the Valley.  In my opinion the crust was mediocre, and there was WAY too much sauce. PROS: Reasonable pricesComfortable atmosphereFamily owned local businessCONS: Too much sauceCrust is just okayTook longer than expected to get our foodBOTTOM LINE:I'd eat at Nello's again if I were in the area, but there are certainly better choices for pizza in the Valley.
5	Gigantic, delicious salads... but the real draw is their pizza.  They don't skimp on the sauce, cheese or seasonings.  They give realistic time frames for takeout orders.  The place looks like a dive, but don't be fooled by appearances!
5	We are definitely regulars at this Nello's location.  The service is friendly.  We almost always get a nice cozy booth to sit in.  The pizza is great and so are the sandwiches.  They are really  accommodating when it comes to making special requests.  Their house dressing is not just good for salads - get some to dip your sandwich and pizza bites in!Good beer list and inexpensive prices. You really can't go wrong with Nello's.
4	Nello's is not quite Chicago deep dish, but not quite standard thickness size pizza.  They use fresh ingredients, and the pizza is always delicious.  My favorite so far is the Margherita pizza- very garlicky with lots of fresh mozzarella.
3	Had some penne pesto and added some Italian Sausage.. the pesto was ok.. lacking a little salt and probably need to add a little more basil to the sauce.. but it was good.The pizza was better though for sure, but nothing amazing. Everyone there seems pretty nice and friendly. Will try it again and order something different to see how the rest of the food is.
3	I went here yesterday for lunch with some friends. The food was pretty good, but the service was a bit lackluster. when we went in it was early afternoon and the place was pretty dead.  I had a margarita pizza, which was pretty tasty... very garlicky. The service was really slow, especially towards the end of the meal. Someone had asked for a box and had to ask 4 times before she got one. So that was not so good. We also had to wait about 20 minutes for someone to come by so we could ask for our check to be split. I would probably come back here, but maybe just for pizza to go.
2	To be fair, I might owe Nello's another star, but it's only getting two because of the INTENSE disappointment I had when my wings arrived. I'd always heard that Nello's wings are the best ... turns out they're not.  They were soggy.  Really soggy. The sauce is about as flavorful as you can find anywhere.The pizza, as I recall, was okay, but I honestly can't even remember what kind it was, so it obviously didn't make much of an impression on me. Nothing was actually wrong with the food, and nothing would keep me from going back again, but the blurb next to the 2-stars above says it all:  "Meh.  I've experienced better."
4	I had eaten at Nellos once before my last visit. I remembered it being mediocre and very overpriced. It was a nice rainy day and we decided we wanted sit down pizza, a relaxed place so we decided to give Nellos another shot. So if you are the kind of person who wants a meaty specialty pizza...well, ouch! That's all I'll say about that. There 14" specialty pizzas are quite hefty in price. We decided to go with a two topping 14"...it was about $15 and we got the house salad (I think it was like $7 or $8). Their salad comes with cheese, tomatoes, black olives, mushrooms, and the cold cut of your choice. As I like the veggies but not meat or black olives and my boyfriend likes meat but not those veggies, we asked if we could get everything on the side. They were very nice and accommodated our request. We asked for ranch but it was a little more on the mayo side than I like so I asked for their house Italian instead. This Italian dressing was thick and a reddish color...I mixed a little in to do a taste test and found it very unique. This dressing is spicy! I mean, for a dressing, very spicy! I didn't really like it the first few bites but then found that I really enjoyed it; it was just so different from other Italian dressings it took a little getting used to. The pizza arrived and some of the toppings were under the cheese. It worried me a little since my half was vegetarian and my boyfriend's was super meaty! One half was tomato and basil and the other was sausage and pepperoni. This pizza has a tall but thin crust and is pretty thin. The two of us came pretty close to killing this whole thing...we only had a couple slices left. The crust was sweet and very different; the sauce was less like pizza sauce and more like a delicious pasta sauce. I really enjoyed it. The tomato was perfectly ripe and sliced thin; the basil was chopped thin and mixed into the sauce, it was sooooo good! From what I saw of the other half, the sausage looked home made, lumpy balls of spice that I'm sure I would enjoy if I ate meat...the pepperoni was under the cheese but I'm sure it was good too. Overall, good experience, a little more for pizza than we'd normally spend but for a yummy lunch date, perfect. We'll definitely be back...they have a lot of sauce-less vegetarian pizzas that I found intriguing and want to try ASAP. :-)
4	I have never really thought Phoenix being much of a pizza town, coming from outside Chicago we are used to good pizza and most of the pizza here is way below par. Nellos in the other hand is a Chicago style pizza place that makes pizza almost as tasty as the best in Chicago, i wasnt dissapionted and neither should you!
3	I liked the atmosphere but the pizza is just okay, nothing to write home about. The sauce kind of tastes like the sauce that comes with the mozzarella sticks in the freezer section. The service was friendly enough but I don't think I will be frequenting this place anytime soon. They have computerized games at the bar and an old PAC-MAN machine.
5	Nellos rules!  I don't think the people who disliked it chose the right pizza.  Get the all meat one that has bacon, meatballs, sausage, ham etc and you will fall in love.  That or their fish pizza...it sounds kind of gross but it is really good. Their salad dressing is good too, I bought a bottle for $5.95 to take home.  Give them a shot, great food, great service, good prices and you only need to eat like 2 pieces to be stuffed!  Ignore all the NY and Chicago comments, good pizza is good pizza.
4	Only been here one time, but I enjoyed the pizza a lot! They have a pretty good selection of toppings to create your own pizza, but I really like their selection of specialty pizzas. Very unique combinations and not standard things that you see most places. I got the margarita pizza and it was delicious and super fresh tasting! I will definitely come back here to try some more kinds.
4	I grew up close to this place and their American style Pizza and wings have always been great.  Large groups can be easily accommodated and the atmosphere is fairly laid back at Nello's.   It''s too bad the trolley doesn't go by here anymore :(
5	I just spent two-and-a-half years living in Chicago, and though I'm not saying this beats their pizza, I'm not exactly missing it, either. Nello's has an amazing pie that would be right at home next to the big pizza giants in Chicago (Lou Manati's, Gino, Giordano's, Uno's, etc).  They make their own sausage, have an amazing house dressing and their tomato sauce sings. You can order light with a crab meat pizza or margherita, or heavy, with their meat lover's (which is a yummy plate of guilt). I'm partial to their bacon and onion, which is amazing and sweet and smokey. They also put their pepperoni under the cheese so it doesn't slide off, which is a very important technical maneuver.
5	Big fan of Nellos I love the deep dish Chicago style pizza.  I recently tried there no sauce thin crust that was amazing as well great beer on tap.  Incredible desert and I love that dressing they have for there salads.  If you like Pizza youll love this place...
5	From L.A. to Boston, Boise to Merkel, Nello's is best in my book of pizza.
1	RUN AWAY!  The food is disgustingly un-fresh. Their pizza tastes like it was removed from a can and baked in an oven spattered with old vomit.  Upon further inspection beneath the cheese of my tomato covered pancake I noticed all the ingredients were in fact canned water-logged pieces of grossness from the 1960'sdominoes is better, save a Buck an get a red Barron from the grocery store. Do not eat here!!!You have been warned.
3	We loved our pizza but we couldn't put our finger on what tasted off about the Caesar Salad.  At first we thought it was maybe too much lemon but after tasting the dressing alone we found it contained overpowering amounts of mustard.  But otherwise we're fans.
2	Had a not so good experience at Nello's. I first must admit I'm ancient. First had Nello's Pizza back in the 80's while living in Tempe. I think that might be when they originated. Nello's and a pizzeria called Sunny's back in the 80's had the most awesome pizza. As a college student it was great to get away from Pizza Hut & Domino's Pizza and have gourmet pizza with a couple of friends.  So upon my return to the Valley I had hopes that I could relive that awesome Pizzeria experience at Nello's that I last experienced 18 years ago when I was here for a wedding of a friend and went out for Pizza during that visit.I'm pretty sure the location has changed.  And sadly so has the pizza.  I ordered a 10" Pan crust with Sausage, smoked bacon, feta and Onions (non-red kind).  The crust was okay, tender and yeasty I would say.  The feta cheese could not be tasted it was so sparse on the pie. I actually only saw one crumb of feta!  The smoked bacon was minced very fine (finer than war rations bacon), it was also twice the price of the other toppings and twice as limited in appearing on my pie! The Sausage made a decent appearance on the pie. It's flavor was over powering in it's nickle size lumps.  Sorta tasted like an old man germy wool muffler, probably the ones recipe they have fucked with. The onions could be tasted in a few bites. The regular cheers topping was in good standing and had a pleasant stringy pull while hot.   A 10" Pizza ($13.50), a not so chilled 4 Peaks Heffie pint of beer ($3.50) and a $2 tip and the city's cut in tax made for a $20 disappointing meal for one!  I felt completely ripped off by the lack of toppings I paid for.  I should have complained but what good would have done? So I just ate and left.Doubt if I'll suggest the place or even return again unless I'm not buying!  How they maintain such esteemed ratings is a mystery to me.
1	One star only because the server (Alan-?) was genuinely apologetic. THE SCENE: Valentines Day- we dont like it. Mr n Ms Lucy aint fans of this corporately driven holiday that celebrates hearts n flowers (as in buy lots n lots of hearts and flowers and if you forget to, there's a tent on the next street corner). I got home from a nine hour stint at my "real job" and Mr. Lucy had been studying all day. In my mind, a quiet night at home, complete with a delightfully cooked meal by yours truly and a flick in the idiot box was the perfect method at avoiding what would surely be a Valentine's Day disaster. Mr Lucy was insistent on trying a new eatery he had just read about, Beaver's choice in Tempe. We pulled into the lot and it appeared the lights were off. "car broke down so was unable to get fresh ingredients for today. Sorry- closed"That didnt serve as warning enough to turn around and go home. Mr Lucy was starving. So we drove and we passed in one fell swoop- THREE good ideas; Nello's, Sahara and something I cant now recall. Both of us reminisced about how years back we had heard how awesome Nellos food was. Nellos won. And an hour later Nellos lost.The place was busy and the server was understandably delayed greeting us. I ordered my standard wine with dinner, a Malbec, a wine I have never sampled a bad version of. The brand was Acordeon which i had never heard of but again, having tried even cheap Malbecs, hadnt ever had a bad one. This wine was tart, old (not aged) and puckered my mouth with each sip. Now I know- this wasnt a four or five star joint but one can usually gauge that if an eatery has more than 4 wines (y'know the standard cab, merlot, chard, white zin) it cant be all bad. I traded it in for a Chianti which was served chilled which i found odd but maybe there was something i didnt know...What I didnt know was that on the inside of my glass was a dried on, caked on bit of particle that took my using my fingernail to pry it free ON THE INSIDE OF MY GLASS. The server was by now slammed and wasnt nearby so i grinned and gritted.Tick tock tick tock, about 44 minutes after ordering our server informed us the kitchen was slammed. And 56 minutes later our food was delivered. I just knew that for how long we waited it would be piping hot deliciousness worth the wait. EL-WRONG-O. We ordered a Chicken Parmigiana sammy and a spinach, mushroom, onion pie. The cheese on the sammy was ooey gooey and so good looking. I bit into it waiting for heaven and as i pulled the sammich away a chicken finger fell out. A CHICKEN FINGER of pre-cooked, pre-sliced chicken. Yes- there were four chicken slivers on the bread, creating a 4-1 bread to chicken ratio. The sauce was not hot, the bread was soggy. Mr Lucy bit into his slice of pie was was laughing. I asked why and he gestured to look at how he had to hold the pie. Y'know pizza that is so wimpy the only firm part is the crust? In fact he had me put my finger under his slice. The middle was COLD AND WET! Ewwww. Now always in search of the silver lining i will say the french fires that came with the sandwich were mostly good- the ones that were cooked. The garlic use on the pizza was tasty. And the server apologized. So friends- an hour for our food from time of order, food that wouldn't even be good if we waited only 5 mins for it and sucky wine choices. Nellos will not see our dollars again.
4	Yum! We got the antipasto salad and three pizza's tonight. It was delicious deep dish pizza! I am from Chicago, so I am used to Giorodano's. I will say, Chicago pizza definitely has more cheese, but the pizza at Nello's is very good they way they make it! I will be back next time I am in AZ!
4	We went last friday with a large group and used the private room.  The service was good for a party of 30 and the pizza great.  We had the four cheese with bacon and it was super tasty and reasonably priced.We enjoyed it so much we went back with some friends on Sunday night.  We tried the Buffalo Chicken which was good and just a bit spicy.  We also the the 4 cheese again with sausage. They forgot the sausage the first time, so gave us an extra pizza to take home.Great food and service.
5	Freakin' yum.  Let  me give you the "skinny" on this place.My wife and I were looking for a place to eat on St. Patrick's Day that didn't have a huge drunken crowd.  Then she suggests this place, saying that she ate there before with a co-worker.  Hoping that it wasn't "Smello's", I took her up on the suggestion.OMG--we got the "Skinny", an ironically named pizza with about 6 different kinds of meat.  We also got it deep dish.IT WAS SAUCY--just the way I like it.  The bacon (not the Canadian variety) was the taste that made the pie.  The three slices left over made the perfect lunch the next day.  Just the kind of pizza I've been looking for.  Knife and fork or by hand, this is my favorite pizza in the Valley so far.  Go here.
4	I've only been here once but this place is pretty legit for pizza. I like places with a lot of variety for pizza since I'm a total weirdo and refuse to eat tomato sauce. I had chicken pesto. I am usually a thin crust person but I forgot to ask for thin crust and was kinda glad that happened. The chicago style was super good. I will definetly try this place again. And bonus the beer is super cheap for a pitcher!
4	very tasty deep dish!. the sauce is so sweet it puts my teeth on edge....but I would love to use it when I eat some skyscrapers. Really good pizza. Ian sounds like he loses at life often. buck uplil' fella.
1	Amazing Pizza the Bar area is way too small and I was a big fan until I noticed the NO firearms sign really your restricting Law bidding citizens from entering your restaurant I havent been BACK
2	This restaurant was just okay to me.  I ordered a thin crust and it was just average.  The garlic cheese bread was the best part of the meal. It was tasty.  The staff was friendly, so that was a plus.
4	Went to Nello's yesterday with a friend that had never been there before.  We ordered everything to share. We had pizza, the Appertivo and a salad.  There was more than enough for us and probably two more people.  Everything and I mean everything was fresh, and delicious.  The Appertivo was over the top in goodness, the salad  was piled high with all the goodies promised.  The pizza crust was so crisp and all the add ons were hidden under layers of yummy cheese.  No complaints, will eat there again very soon!
4	I'm from NY and the quest for good pizza in AZ has been a mission I have always lost. But maybe the solution is Chicago style.  I have to be honest I really loved the pizza I had yesterday so much so I'm having trouble resisting going again today.  I found the service a little annoying. Not to say it was bad.  The pizza didn't take very long like it does for deep dish at Oregons.  What I liked the best was it wasn't greasy.  And it really did have a nice flavor compared to the junk pizza I normally eat in AZ.
3	Its a very unique pizza - especially the crust that they do... never had anything like it. Its almost like they use a traditional Chicago-style deep-dish round-pan technique, but then they stretch out the dough and fold it over the edges... basically on like a 90 degree angle. Good stuff.... it gives it a crunch and is not too doughy - unlike most of that CHI stuff that is almost fork-worthy.  I used to frequent the location out in the Foothills, but this one has been there forever for a reason. Service is SLOW, and you will definitely be stuck in there for awhile, but its worth a try though....
4	Since arriving at ASU several months ago this place has become one of my favorite spots for take-out and the occasional beer.  Solid food, decent prices, and a great beer  selection for a restaurant. I've only had the pizza, salad, and wings but all were delish. Recently met the owner while admiring some of his custom artwork and he seemed like a cool guy. Our encounter reminded me that I hadn't left a favorable review of this well deserving establishment.
1	Never order a sandwich from a.place with "Pizza" in the name. The beef in my sandwich was good, but the bread was soggy and gross. I ordered fries but got chips. After 20 minutes I'm STILL waiting for fries with no update from my server. It isn't even busy in here. Not too pleased.(EDIT) - Later on my sandwich was so soggy that the bread ripped in half and all the fillings fell out. Grr. No more Nello's for me~
4	I tried out Nello's for the first time the other day. I ordered a salad trying to stick to eating healthy. It was huge- even for a half salad! And the ingredients were super fresh and tasty. I thought the place was casual and inviting with friendly staff. The food smells so good, too! I'll have to try to pizza next time!
5	One of my biggest disappointments of moving from Phoenix to Southern New Mexico is the absence of good pizza.  Every time that I can when I come back to town I go to Nello's, it helps that I have friends in the immediate area and stores that I frequent.For me, I tend towards having one or two favorite dishes per restaurant, when I go to Nello's, it's deep dish pizza and it's always a classic pepperoni or their Murphy, a bacon and onion pizza.  I have been known to get a large of both to ensure that I'll have leftovers to give me lunch for a couple of days.  Their appetizers don't do much for me, my wife likes the eggplant bruschetta but I'm kind of ambivalent about it, mainly because I know what's coming and I don't often get appetizers when I'm out for dinner.I have been to other Nello's locations and have never noticed a significant difference in food.  I frequent the Southern & McClintock location for convenience, and it's also our normal destination after going to the Arizona Renaissance Festival.Very good stuff, reasonably priced IMO.  I just wish I could bribe them to open a location closer than 500 miles from my house.
4	I so needed a beer.  Not hungry, just very thirsty for A BEER.And maybe dessert.  Love Nello's Pizza, like that they have a good selection of microbrews (sorry Barro's), fantastic Caprese salad, draft specials, and growlers too on top of everything I didn't mention.Happy Hour 3-6 pm Tuesday through Sunday with $2.50 domestics and $3.00 premium.  On Wednesday it is half off selected appetizers.  Limit 1 per table.
2	We visited the location on Alma School, pizza was OK, The Tempe location is definitely better in both food and service.
4	Of the several times I've been here, I can say I like the way they make their pepperoni pizzas with those toppings under the cheese. Interesting & makes sure the pepp doesn't burn. However, we ordered the bacon and cheese pizza and whew, that bacon was way overdone and too crispy; too much on the char. The salads are huge and taste fantastic though; the dinner salad is my favorite.
2	I used to be a big fan of Nellos but they are really cheapskating these days.   Ordered 2 Extra large pizzas(supposed to be 14" but only measures 12") for take out.  I guess they measure the crust going up one inch on each side but its the smallest 14" pizza Ive ever seen and the pepperoni pizza had very sparse toppings like half of what anyplace else gives.   I still like the taste of the pizza but what a ripoff this place is these days.   Called to complain about my 12" pizza after ordering the 14"s and they told me to order another on if its not enough.   Never again!
4	excellent for lunch. tortellini salad and a glass o wine. great service, very casual n friendly.
1	Most times I support the local community. This was my third experience with Nellos. What a mistake. I'm sorry but the chains follow through.  Extra Sauce " yes sir". Not completed,  again by a compay i paid premium dollars for their award winning pizza. Young inexperienced workers and subpar food.  They didn't ask me what crust I wanted and i received the wrong one. For a pizza joint to brag about their success and not follow through. Tisk Tisk Tisk... Unless the management doesn't care. I will never never ever be back !!! Too bad a long block away from my house.
2	This was my first visit. I had heard good things, so maybe my expectations were set too high. My boyfriend and I decided to share a few items: small ceasar salad, 10 inch wing pizza, and an order of angel hair pasta with marinara sauce. The ceasar was good, the dressing was not overly creamy or heavy, it actually had a hint of spice to it,  which I liked a lot. Next came the pasta dish. I was really looking forward to this dish, so I was disappointed when all of the angel hair was basically sitting in a puddle of water with globs of marinara dispersed throughout the bowl. I'm sure the actual marinara was good, but it was almost impossible to taste due to all the water in the bowl. The pizza was definitely the highlight of the meal. Thick, deep crust pizza with good chunks of buffalo chicken. Overall, their food is ok, I'd just stick with the pizza. I would, however, like to note that my overall dining experience was not that great and is really the reason I probably wouldn't come back. We were sat at the far booth in the bar area. There was a smaller cocktail table situated within 2 feet of my seat. Right after being sat,  a man who I presume to be the owner or off duty manager sat down at that table with his beer. Nothing wrong with that. Except that throughout our 45 min or so visit, the man and his employees were conversing about their Christmas parties, wedding plans, and work drama/gossip that I honestly didn't care to hear about as a patron, but couldn't help to hear because of their proximity to us. Kinda killed the vibe we were going for and made us want to leave as quickly as possible. I'm in the industry myself, and I totally understand grabbing a beer and unwinding after work,  but not at the expense of the customers' experience.
5	I love this place. My first time here. I will be back. What a nice experience it was. I came in to get a to go order. I have always heard such good things about the food here. So I wanted to try it. But, being short on time I wanted to get it to go.I was greeted right away by a nice guy, who showed me the menu and told me a little about the Pizzas.I ordered a Meat Pizza, I think it was called the Skinny, as well as a half a spinach Salad and a Tiramasu Cake. (Just a Slice) HeeheI sat and waited ,he said about 20min. He and another girl asked me if I would like something to drink while I waited. I declined ,but very nice of them to ask.I was working on some paperwork,and the time flew by.Everything was packaged up nicely. The Pizza was piping hot when I home. The Salad was nice and cold ,and the cake even had a side of fresh whipped cream!This place is a winner in my book and we will be coming back for sure.When we did have dinner at home ,it was all excellent. We even had leftovers for the next night.  Everything I ever heard about the Pizza is so true. EXCELLENT!The dining room was clean and there was a nice warm atmosphere here as well.
4	Can't really complain about this place.   Good food, a fairly good selection of beer on tap and bottled, and friendly staff. Service speed could be a little better but overall a good place to go and get some food.  My choice is always either The Skinny or Buffalo Wing pizza.
2	What a letdown! Last Friday night, me and my family wanted to go out for pizza, we decided on Nello's because we haven't been there in YEARS. The waitress took our order right away, we ordered the cheesey garlic toast, house salad (no olives), and a thin crust cheese pizza. The garlic bread was so good, was the only thing I actually enjoyed. The salad came out and was missing all of the meat, it was just yellowed iceberg lettuce, carrot shavings, and a scant amount of cheese. We asked the waitress about the missing meat and she said she would bring it... it never came. The pizza arrived and was horridly undercooked, the cheese wasn't even melted in the middle! At this point i was just done, and super sad for my dining experience. We asked for our check and it took (no exaggeration) 13 minutes to get it. With two young kids this felt like ETERNITY.  She dropped it off finnaalllyy and we paid with a card. While all of this was happening there was either a regular or a local celebrity that was seated near us with his huge family. So instead of running our card she took their drink order, gave them their drinks, then took their food order... brought out their appetizer AND THEN RAN MY CARD. Shoot!!! took us close to 30 minutes just to receive our check, pay, and leave. Totally unacceptable, we will not be going back here :( The food was not that great, and the service was bad, not how i like spending my friday night.
2	For the record; I LOVE Nello's Pizza. Particularly their pepperoni pineapple pizza. However, this location has disappointed me twice now, which is extra sad as I just moved nearby. The service has been mediocre at best. They maybe check on my table twice before asking if we are ready for the check. The first time I was there, they were out of every drink I asked for. No hot coffee, zero bags for hot tea, but the waiter was nice enough -although he seemed higher up than a waiter as he kept stating things like "oh no I haven't had tea here in ages." "No I don't think I carry that right now." Cool. Then to top that experience off, for the 1st time ever, I didn't enjoy my pizza. It seemed kinda....not old...but certainly not freshly made. Finally, last night's experience was fine but again our waitress checked on us once to refill our drinks and that's it. I tried something new and was disappointed with my selection: the spaghetti and meat sauce (a family recipe, according to the menu). I once heard that Americans make spaghetti all wrong because we focus all about the sauce when it should be all about the noodle. This dish proved that. There was so much sauce and tomato clumps, I could hardly find any spaghetti. And this wouldn't have been so bad if the sauce was something special but it was really quite bare of seasonings. I'll probably be visiting the Mesa location from now on.
3	In my gluten-free quest, I crossed paths with Nello's.I had a ham-pineapple pizza. Super good for a g-f dough.They have a list of ingredients (and toppings) that have gluten which narrows the options pretty bad.Great service.If you don't have super high expectations, this is a good place.Cheers
5	Excellent pizza and good prices.  My wife ordered us a Chicago-Style vegetable pie.  I'm from Brooklyn NY so I know good pizza.  All ingredients were fresh and I loved that there was fried cheese along the crust.  The staff was very friendly.   I'd come back for sure.
1	I ordered here for the first time in a few years, my kids wanted meatball subs, I thought they were being dramatic with the "hard meatballs" holy cow I couldn't bite into them. Like rocks! We were told they were made that day. I'll try it again in a few years...
5	Awesome thin crust- second best I've had in the valley next to spinatos .  Patio is dog friendly too.  Its a little expensive or I'd be here all the time, but the food is so delicious, it's worth it.  We go here often when out of towers are visiting, especially those from Chicago who appreciate amazing thin crust!
1	I called and placed a Togo order for a garden salad and a pint of dressing and paid $17+. I had to ask for the dressing that was supposed to come with the salad. When I opened the salad at home I found litte other than brown iceberg lettuce and a pile of cheese. The turkey was missing completely and the other vegetables were sparse. The salad dressing was good but that was the only thing.
5	I ate here with my family more times than I can count when I was growing up.  It's also one of the go-to spots when my friends from high school want to get together.  This is a quintessential neighborhood pizza restaurant and bar.  They have a good selection of craft beers, including ones from Four Peaks and Stone brewing on tap.  The tortellini toss salad is absolutely to die for, especially when you drown it in their homemade Italian dressing.  The dressing is thick and has a hint of tomato goodness.  I always order the enchilada pizza- black beans, green chili, grilled chicken with a side of sour cream, guac, diced red onions and lettuce.  I load all that stuff on top of the pizza and it is a divine pie.
5	I love the service here.  Totally local.  We dine here once a week.
4	Order this - Antipasto Salad w/house dressing, Deep Dish Deluxe....you're welcome
5	We have been coming to this restaurant for years.  Lunch today was amazing!Ordered the thin crust pizza and it was the best they've ever made.Also ordered the half-size antipasto salad that was loaded with Italian meats, cheese, olives and veges.  Home made house dressing was delicious too!Great price, wonderful food, super-nice waitress too...
5	As a former New Yorker used to eating thin crust pizza more akin to Venezio's in the Southwest, I feel like recusing myself a bit from reviewing deep dish "Chcago-style" pizza restaurants so you'll have to take my 5 stars with a grain of salt...or oregano! That said, I have eaten in the original Uno's restaurant in Chicago and my pie at Nello's was clearly superior to that! Very fresh ingredients, nice crispy crust, pleasant sauce and fast, friendly seating and service on a Saturday night. A clean, unpretentious family place. I'd go back for sure.
4	Ordered Nellos for the first time this past weekend for pick up. Pizza was awesome, kept it basic with a thick crust and pepperoni. My boyfriend and I each got side salads. Both of them were fresh but the house Italian dressing was not what I was expecting which is the reason for the four stars. The hostess when I picked up the food was very friendly and professional.
1	Well let me start off by saying that everyone I know rants and raves about this place so I finally tried them out.I was killin time with a buddy and so we ordered a few beers and a coke, later ordered some Italian fried fries. I figured these have to be pretty good from what I have been told. NO FROZEN FRENCH FRIES FROM A GROCERY STORE Gordon Ramsey would have a field day with this place.Save your money ad time.
5	The best deep dish pizza in AZ. Also recommend trying their house dressing ...amazing
5	Looooove their pizza..and subs.I honestly order different toppings every single time. Sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms, bacon, spinach. You can't go wrong with any combo you order. My brother usually likes to order their cream soda, I'm not a big fan of soda in the first place so eh. But I always have great waiters and food and I have been coming here for the past 7 years.
2	My family and I came here for lunch today because it's one of our favorite places to go. I ordered the wings and my daughter got some bread. After 15 minutes my wings came out. When I opened the second wing it was still raw in the middle,  I showed Dane, and he took them back immediately. He mentioned he would make sure they were well done when they came back out. About 15 more minutes go by and my wings come back out visibly very well done. I bit into the first one and was immediately dissatisfied by what tasted like chicken jerky. The server comes back and asks me if everything was okay and I told him that they were way overcooked. He continued to apologize on the kitchens behalf. He was very kind, but knew I was not going to be eating them. I put them in a box and gave them to a homeless guy on the side of the road. Worst $10.00 I have ever spent at this restaurant. Dane however was very "seasoned" at handling this kind of situation. He was the only positive in our lunch today. 4 stars for service, 1 star for food.
2	$30 for 3 sandwiches and chips is a solid value. Hearty, tasty sandwiches always satisfy. However, I can't possibly recommend using the phone-in service. We showed up at the pickup time, paid, and waited :20 for our food. No apology or mention of the wait until I inquired. The takeout host was sorry. No explanation, no attempt to make it right. Didn't even offer a water for the wait. I've always had great service dining in so I assume it was the worst day all year for takeout.
3	Maybe I just don't know jack about pizza. Maybe I'm super picky. Maybe it was an off night. Whatever it was, I can't understand the hype about this place. The service was good, the pizza was average. We came for paint night, which was fun, but if I just wanted to grab some pizza, I could've found better.
5	Classic pizza place and a Tempe staple. Great lunch specials. Salads are perfect and pizza is just right. Has a bar feel too it, but a family restaurant atmosphere as well. I like ordering a salad and cheese bread for lunch. Very filling!
1	This place has completely gone down hill.  I just ate here after several years of visiting other pizza places and I was sad to see what it has become.  I have never seen a restaurant skimp on a pizza as bad as this place did.  Hardly any sausage, tomatoes sliced as thin as a piece of paper and no garlic on the pizza which was ordered.  They never have enough sauce but I expected that and always get a side.  Ridiculous.  Beer was even flat.  Oregano's blows this place away.  I have been in town for 25 years and went to Nello's all the time 15 years ago.  So sad to see how they have gone cheap on their pizza.  If you are looking just to get full, go for it.  If you want any type of quality, look elsewhere.
1	The nellos pizza on Werner road is so much better. Here the service took for ever. The garlic bread was drenched in oil. We ordered three mini pizzas and they were all terrible. The appetizers were too greasy and the bruschetta was so burned Im surprised they even served it. They were not that busy
4	Deluxe combo medium deep dish pizza, garlic cheese and tomato bread, canolis, cheesecake, ranch dressing all amazing!!!  Wing flavor was really good, like wings a tad crispier.   Will definitely go back!
1	I usually say that Nello's has the best pizza but tonight we had the worst experience. The food wasn't that great, and some of the servers were horrible.  There was a man who seemed to be part of the management team, well he knew all the regulars  and carried on with each one of them while cursing.  Mind you I was sitting by the bar but had a family sitting behind me, children shouldn't fall subject to a manager's lack of common decency to watch his language while working.  We then asked if we could have the tv that was facing us changed to a particular channel, when our waiter asked the manager for help he said and I quote "tell them to turn their head and watch the tv they see it on". At this point I was furious, had we not already received our food we would have walked out, but wait it gets better.  So then a group comes in who happen to be regular's, and they ask for the same tv to be changed and guess who jumps on this, yup!  I didn't get this man's name but he was the oldest person on staff with an east coast accent and wore black framed glasses.  All I can say is that this experience will definitely affect the choice I make the next time I want pizza, Nello's won't be my first choice.
