4	The restaurant decor is gorgeous. It's monstrous 30' ceilings and eyeball art on the wall is fantastic. I loved the neon pink menu covers too. It felt very Japanese Pop Art.The food was good. The soba noodle soup with duck was very tasty and had a good amount of meat in the broth. We had the crispy salmon skin roll and the avocado and mango roll too... Both were good. The fish was fresh, the rolls were neatly packed tight. No complaints here. Our server was attentive and we enjoyed the support staff as well.The chutoro was fresh but not as tasty as the last time I had it at Morimoto's in NYC. That has to do more with the individual fish though than the actual preparation I'd imagine. There's not much prep besides selection and cutting with a piece of sashimi!All in all, the experience was a good one. I felt the prices were in line with what I'd pay at Shibuya at the MGM Grand. So yes... I think it's pricey. I don't know that I'd drive out to Red Rock Casino specifically to eat here again considering all of the restaurants between me and it.But... if someone said, "Hey! I'm going to be at Red Rock," I'd tell them to stop in for a little sake and a bite to eat.
5	Red Rock did it again!!! The restaurant's decor is truly unique and definitely a must see. There is a wall covered with a huge tapestry reminiscing blue eyeballs, it is really striking. Food is very well prepared and the staff is very courteous. Incredibly the dish I enjoyed the most was the chicken skewers... simply put they are delicious. The scallop carpacio is also fantastic as well as the specialty cocktails/martinis. This is the best restaurant to have Japanese specialties in the north west part of town.
4	For a contemporary Japanese cuisine joint, not too shabby.  Decor was neato bandito with lots of pink coloring and giant Sakura (Japanese Cherry Blossom) pics on one side, and a giant Eyeball mural on the other (which I swear was watching me...).  The ceiling was lined with a huge chandelier made with a rainstorm of pink glass in cherry blossom shape.  Nice!  We showed up on a Friday night with no reservations and were seated within 5 minutes.  On to the grub...After perusing the menu a bit we ordered tons of little things and shared everything famiri sutairu (Family Style).  Here's the rundown:Risotto w/ Shitake Mushroom Appetizer - a little bland, but ok for a comp starterMixed Greens Salad w/ Ginger Dressing - Freakishly delicious!Yellowtail Sashimi w/ Serrano Chili Ponzu - Nicely done!Lobster Akadashi Soup - Red Miso Soup with a hint of Lobster essence and leek.  Nice!Various Tempura items - Shrimp was average, Japanese Eggplant had a neat flared presentation, Asparagus was tasty, French Beans were good as well, Fresh Hearts of Palm was interesting, and Avocado... Avocado Tempura?  Holy weird beards Batman... not too shabby either.Chicken Kushiyaki Skewers with Spicy Peruvian Sauce - I was hoping for the spicy green aji sauce but it was something else... although fairly tasty nonetheless.Wagyu Gyoza - Probably the most lux type of meat I've had in an everyday dish like Gyoza.  They were deep fried wonton style rather than the traditional pan seared and steamed, but quite scrumptious!Chicken Yakisoba - Lots of shitake mushrooms abounded and the sauce they used was excellent.  Once of the tastier items!Various Sushi Items:  Shima Aji Nigiri (Striped Jack) was good, Uni Nigiri was excellent.  You can always tell the quality of a place if they have good Uni.  Stinky Uni will have me running for the hills in a hurry.  Salmon Skin Handroll was good as well, but bad for my breath.  Doh!  Spicy Tuna Roll with Chili Mayo dip... nice kick to it.Pics are up, and overall a meal nicely done.  Kudos to Executive Chef Linda Rodriguez and her crew.
2	I was not impressed.  It's ok for a sushi bar in the middle of the desert, I suppose.  The coveted toro was blah.  It didn't melt in my mouth like the best ones do.  I enjoyed their tuna better.  The salads are a delight and the sea bass is like sugar, perhaps a little to much caramelizing.  Overall, it was OK.
3	I want this place to succeed. And, my rating is not so much for the food, but for the service. Not to mention, when one has overindulged in gambling for more than 6 hours without peeing, while drinking free drinks (and not peeing), they HOPE for some good ass food.Anyway, we were seated and a waitress (Japanese, of course) came and took our order. But, we were quite perplexed because as we observed throughout our "experience", what she really did was pawn off any order or request to someone else (that wasn't Japanese)... So, I am not sure what her function was, other than to impart some cultural something something to the place. Anyway, this made waiting for food unbearable and long.Food was above average. Spicy scallop hand roll was great, as was the unagi. The tempura is pricy, but actually the best I've ever had (French Beans, Asparagus and carrot).
4	Frankly, after eating at some of the other restaurants at the Red Rock Resort, I lowed my expectations when I walked into Hachi tonight. I guess I'm such a pessimist. Well, I learned my lesson because Hachi was great, really great! I vibed with the bartender and listened to her recommendations. I was surprised to hear her steer me away from some of my first choices, letting me know the beef short ribs just hadn't been up to par recently. Thanks!Instead, I started with a substantial Lychee Martini that was decorated with an edible orchid blossom. I was presented with an amuse bouche of tempura duck roll which was nice but just okay. The two kumamoto oysters that followed were tight and salty, served with three dipping choices, one of which was a gorgeous tropical fruit granita thing. My next course consisted of two short skewers of beef satay served with a crunchy salad of bean sprouts and (I believe) pea tendrils or some sort of peppery micro greens. For my entree, I had three succulent, tender, seared scallops in a light lobster cream with a cold pear and apple compote and some lightly dressed micro greens. I wasn't going to do dessert, but as I've been avoiding the stuff for a few weeks, I indulged (it is Vegas, baby) in a molten chocolate tart with homemade vanilla bean ice cream. The tart had a beautiful bit of gold leaf. Overall, service was friendly, generous and timely. Recommendations were sincere, not sales-focused. The atmosphere was fun, lively and a bit sexy. I may return tomorrow night!
3	good sushi, a bit overpriced.  udon was soggy.  tempura wasn't seasoned, just deep fried,and the batter was tasteless.decor is, um, strange.  one wall of blown up cherry blossom branches, dark woodwork, glass cherry blossoms hung from the ceiling.  one wall is eyeballs.  eyeball wallpaper (they're more cartoonish than real) all the way up.  creepy.  distracting, too.have to say that our server sucked, too.  he had problems hearing us and had to physically lean over the table to hear my girlfriend's order (for the record, she doesn't have an "inside voice" so not being able to hear her is usually not an issue).  not the place to go if you want an intimate dining experience.
4	Surprised I never reviewed my past dining experience at Hachi as this review is strictly for my experience over the long weekend. Words cannot describe how amazing the food was this time around. Given we did not have comps to use or a host to pay for our bill this time around, the food was on point and came with so many options such as dipping sauces. The kumamoto oysters set the mood right as they came with three types of dipping sauces.Next, we ordered two sushi rolls, one of them was a a spicy tuna as I forget what the other way. Everything melted in our mouths and made use very happy campers. The gave us an amuse bouche to start which was gross. Otherwise, a great meal.
4	I love the space here.  I took a bunch of photos in fact, but they disappeared off of my iPhone.  Lame.It's like being in an underwater jellyfish/cherry blossom garden in the main dining area, and like being in a glass of champagne in the bar.We sat in a private area in the back with the low tables and cushions on the floor.  Clever designers left plenty of leg room hidden under the table, so instead of sitting on the ground which is what it looks like you'll be doing at first, you actually slip down and sit as you regularly would at a table.  It's a bear to get back out though, especially if you were say, tipsy, wearing a skirt, or elderly.  Or all three.The food was decent, I think I was actually more impressed with the non sushi offerings than the sushi itself, but it was fresh and tasty.  Service was a bit slow, but we were a large group that came in without a reservation, so maybe our server was slammed with other tables?I'd recommend it - the space is lovely and the food pretty damn good.
5	BEST RESTAURANT IN VEGAS!!!! People-  - - get off the strip, head over to Red Rock,....and wait to get you socks knocked off!!! Creative, Delicious, AMAZING food!!! I almost didn't even notice the beautiful decor the food was THAT good.....I would recomment the spicy popcorn shrimp, the donot-things for desert....the sashimi....omg, probably EVERYTHING if I got the chance to try it all...lol. Skip the steakhouse and spend your $$$ on a dinner and some fancy sake you will remember even once you get back to the reality of home  :)  Damn, I wish I was back there at Hachi RIGHT NOW! The Service is EXCELLENT and they'll make a couple of hours in there seem like minutes passed.....Ask for the server's recommendations and you won't be sorry. They all know their stuff.
4	This was a wonderful place.  I only ate here once so I am hesitant to give it 5 stars yet.  However, the whole experience was wonderful.  And even found ourselves talking to the chef who was helping out in the dining room with service.  Hachi - 8.  The restaurant  serves several selection of dishes for under 8 dollars.  The menu also had more pricier dishes but we stuck to the under 8 dollars.  Ordered japanese beer and hot sake and waited. In the interim, we received an amuse bouche - it's a mini starter to whet one's appetite.  broccoli soup with rice cracker bits. And it did ours.  We look forward to the dishes we ordered.Our orderStandard edamamelobster akadashi - red miso, fried lobster mini rollsasahi crab salad, greens, bits of crab (generous portion) with cilantro vinagrettekholester roll, kimchee/cream chesse stuffed jalapeno tempuraLSD roll - spicy shrimp and crab roll with spicy ginger mayonaiseALL GOOD!!!!  Then of course, we needed to try dessert and we picked the tres creme brulee with the following flavors, green tea, macadamia nut and mango?The chef was nice to talk to and she had come from NY and was offered to open the place and is now a pearl in the restaurant world of empty oysters.When you visit the Red Rock Resort and Casino, run to Hachi for a delightful meal.
5	When I was in Vegas over the summer, I was craving sushi. My family loves the Red Rock Casino and Hachi looked amazing. My boyfriend and I went in twice. The first time, the server(who was really sweet) gave us a card for our next visit that would discount our meal. So, we did. Both visits were great. It is pricier than the other sushi restaurants I go to back home. I think a California roll was 10 dollars. The sushi was great though. Fresh, delicious, and good quality. I did end up ordering a salad I did not like but the server was kind enough to take it off our check and I was able to try some of the edamame. Next time I come to Vegas, I have to come back.
5	This was my third visit to Hachi and again, I was completely impressed. The service was great as always and the atmosphere light and very comfortable. I have not had a meal I didn't care for or regretted. However, I you want to really give yourself a treat, get the vegetable tempura. I am not a typical vegetable person but man there tempura is the best. When I first visited, you could select the tempura by vegetable but now you must by the plate of mixed veggies. The meat skewers, the fried rice, the Teriyaki, the rolls... need I go on? The majority of the items on the menu are quite reasonable and they offer a boat load of selections for eight bucks and under. Do yourself a favor and get away from the strip when in Vegas and try out Hachi -- I guarantee you will not be disappointed!
4	Beautifully presented, deliciously done Japanese food.  We had the grilled scallops, beef curry rolls, spicy tuna roll, unagi and salmon nigiri, and udon with veggie and shrimp tempura (perfectly fried, though the udon broth was a little bland.)The decor is stunning.  The red blossoms hanging from the high ceilings could either be jellyfish or the sensation of being at the bottom of a pond looking at floating flowers.
4	This place was pretty good. I had a bunch of really good rolls. Everything was presented pretty awesome. I noticed in the back you could sit japanese style on the floor which would of been really cool. The decor was awesome. Every ones meal was presented very well and looked awesome. The people that I was with all said that it was delicious.
3	Hachi executive chef Linda Rodriguez was a student under the famous chef Nobu Matsuhisa. The food style more or less has a shadow of Matsuhisa, which united western and eastern taste. The restaurant atmosphere was very unique, feature lots of contemporary artwork fixtures and pictures. I like the use of natural substances such as rosewood and polished marble stand in contrast to the colorful seating, wall and floor. The dining room also feature a tall sake bottle display rack that hold hundreds of unique sake bottles. All those eye catching display bottles makes you want to try all of them. I will give them a 4 stars just base on the decoration. Now it comes to the food. Started off with a bottle of Kakurei Daiginjo sake and a few appetizers. Half shell kumamoto oysters with 3 dipping sauce, Alaskan king crab tempura, seabass cake, and chicken kushiyaki. If compare with Matsuhisa restaurant quality, Hachi was more than a grade below Matsuhisa. It has the style in it but the taste is not there. Oysters are good as long as they are fresh and you can get the same quality kumamoto anywhere. King crab tempura and seabass cake are ok as they were cook ahead of time and re-fried as a tempura and a pan fried dish, and I cannot taste much seafood freshness in there. Chicken kushiyaki is very plain and common. The skewered chicken were not charcoal grill, I guess it was done on a electrical grill and the taste was not as a traditional kushiyaki should tasted like. The sashimi and sushi selection were very limited that night, even uni(sea urchin) was not available. I have to settle with some common rolls like rainbow, spicy tuna, and scallop. The amaebi(sweet shrimp) were fresh and a bit small. Other sushi like chutoro and hamachi were sliced too thin in my opinion which makes the taste of the sushi rice overcame the taste of the fish. This is one issue that Hachi need to think about. How I rated a good sushi is 2 fold. The freshness of the fish and the quality of the sushi rice. The fish part is easy unless it was not fresh and has been store for few days. The rice part is hard since it need to cook with kelp and combine with a mixture of vinegar, salt, sugar and sometime sake. Different chef has different formula for the mixture but Hachi chef that night mess up the rice in my opinion. It has too much vinegar taste and the rice itself are too soft. I believe too much water were use during the rice cooking. I would give it a 4 stars if the sushi selection and quality is at a higher standard. Maybe in my mind I was comparing Hachi with Matsuhisa which cause Hachi a grade down.
5	I LOVE HACHI!!!!!This place is consistently amazing!The atmosphere is fun, dramatic and just really, really cool!!!!The food & service.... incredible!We regularly let our servers suggest the entire meal now.We like to try different things every time and have not once had the slightest disappointment!YAY Hachi!!!!!!
5	best sea bass ive ever had in my life!!!!!!!! hahah and thats all that matters! nice decor too.
5	The interior of the restaurant is cool and modern but not as over-the-top as many of their competitors on the strip. The hostesses seemed a little aloof and not very inviting, but after being seated the staff we met were very friendly and made our dining experience a pleasure. My wife and I ate here early on a Friday night with our 18-month old son (yeah, we're that obnoxious couple that brings our toddler into a fine-dining restaurant with us). A lot of places will make you feel like you're not welcome if you bring a kid with you but our waiter didn't. He was nice, knowledgeable, and provided good service all night. Both he and the sommelier made some good recommendations for food and sake.Some of the items we tried were the "sumpin' sumpin'" roll, cougar roll, marijane roll, and the yellowtail sashimi. All were amazing! Everything tasted fresh and melted in our mouths. The only disappointment of the night was the pan fried chilean seabass cake, which was lacking in flavor and had the texture of a grocery store crabcake. In my opinion the food here is better than most of the japanese restaurants I've been to, with the exception of Nobu (the executive chef at Hachi trained under Nobu by the way). And better yet the price of our dinner was about a third of what we paid at places like Nobu and Yellowtail. This is a modern japanese restaurant so they do have a lot of Americanized food (rolls, etc.), so if that's a turn-off for you you may not be as impressed as I. Hachi made a great impression on me and I'll definitely be back several times.
4	Do you think it perverse that I gave this SUSHI restaurant four stars based on their preparation of a vegetable. They must have the director or Cirque Du Soleil back there because I swear to the heavens their broiled eggplant tasted like the rich goodness that is pork belly. You get 6 or 8 uniformly cut, lava-hot, pieces of eggplant that melt in your mouth after you crunch and chew away the perfectly caramelized corners.I forgot the rest of the meal and I order 3 other things. I would defo come back for this scrumptious little night shade.
5	for being in the middle of the desert, hachi delivers melt in your mouth sashimi.fresh, innovative, and absolutely delicious!their sushi is spot on too!!try their ginger salad.This has been our favorite sushi spot while traveling the US.It's off the strip but worth the drive.
3	I've had better, I've had worse.The sushi was well put together, the menu was more innovative than I expected, but it was still just "okay." I've had sushi from hole in the wall joints all the way to Masa; this place is a solid choice if you're in Red Rock and need a sushi fix, but I'd go elsewhere if you had the choice.This isn't to say I won't be back to eat at Hachi - I will - I'd just rather eat at a place like Okada, na'mean?Beyond that, excellent service, nice ambiance, good meal. Solid 3 stars.
3	First time eating sushi at this place and it was a well designed restaurant. Very modern theme throughout the restaurant. When entering the Restaurant you are greeted by very attractive hostess that look like they are ready to hit a CLUB...The sushi was a bit pricey for sushi but i guess its all about presentation. Some of the chief special rolls are good, especially the ones with jalapenos. If you can go somewhere else i would, for example an all you can eat. For the price i spent here i could have got all you can eat instead of 3 rolls
3	Still labeling this place as "a-ok" but not a stand out.Sake bombed here with 5 friends. Ate some decent sushi, had one horrendously bad roll, but it was my fault for ordering it.It was dinner, no great shakes.
4	Stopped in here for a bite before a movie.  The bartender was entertaining and good for conversation,  as I would expect in any more spendy place like this one.  The sushi was excellent (Salmon Roll and Dragon Roll), but the beer selection was limited.  I shaved off one star due to the fact that it does not have any beers on tap.
4	I only stopped in for a quick bite and a drink with a friend. Got the sum thing sum thing roll, Lychee cocktail and a corn soup taster before my sushi roll came out.  I had a really nice little snack there. I'd try it again.
2	Really, no that great.  The sushi was bland and not impressive.  Service was okay, but it also was not impressive.  I have a few local places that have better food for the price.
4	Still good. Still pretty.
3	We were staying at Red Rock while visiting family in the western Vegas area. We went into Hachi for dinner on a Thursday night. The place looked great- I loved the dark ambiance and decor. We were seated right away, but then again, there were only about 5 other parties in the restaurant. We were served a soup, compliments of the chef (although, the server slipped them onto the table and I did not hear what he said it was). It was good in taste... but a cold soup, which I'm not a huge fan of. We then ordered Edamame, which was good... although I have yet to see a restaurant screw up Edamame. I mean, they're steamed and salted and then placed on the table. My boyfriend ordered a sampler plate of sushi and he seemed to really enjoy it. Since I'm not big on sushi, I ordered california rolls and chicken fried rice. They were both good, but I'd put them on the same level as eating at Ra... except double the price.
3	Nicer decor and feeling than you might expect in a "local casino" I tried their most popular roll sampler and a sweet/spicy beef stir fry dish. I'd go here again, and glad to have something like this out in this part of Summerlin.
5	This restaurant is excellent.  They have rolls for all levels of suchi eaters.  I had 2 great spicy tuna rolls and yummy appetizers.  The Red Rock Resort is beautiful and every restaurant in the resort is excellent.  Hachi has great service and wonderful food.  One word of advice...no sake bombs.  ;-)
5	First of all, this is an upscale restaurant. Their prices are high, the quality of food is high, service and knowledge is paramount. Get over it. Station Casinos had some kind of employee appreciation thing going on for the month of June, so you could eat at any restaurant in a Station casino for 50% off. Sweet. This is the only reason my broke ass was able to go. Two people in our party knew the Hachi staff so we got special treatment. We had two servers and two bussers. Hachi is the Japanese word for 8, an auspicious number in Japanese and other southeast Asian cultures. The waitstaff wears belts with a sideways eight (otherwise known as an infinity sign) buckle. One of the things that bugs me about this place is the decor. It's all good ... just not cohesive. Murakami's signature eyeball wall paper, a huge picture of an ambiguously Asian chick with a giant dragon tattoo (that I've seen all over the interwebs), and cherry blossom ceiling hangings. But I know that's just my nit-picky art faggotry. Onwards. The food is really good and they have a mega selection of sake. We had the Demon Slayer, a well-rounded sake, really good to please a party of various sake-drinkers. Their menu is a long list of sushi (temaki, nigiri, and sashimi), as well as entrees, and they do omakase. If you can spring it, there are four different choices ranging $65-120. If you can't, they also have a section of dishes for $8 and under. I think one of the gluttonous propensities of America is the delight of variety and at Hachi, we #$%^& capitalized on that ish. We went family style and pretty much ordered everything we wanted (prices are shown before our 50% discount): Salmon avocado and mango roll $11. Meh. Hamachi sashimi $9, 2 pc. Big pieces, very fresh, clean cut, perfect marbling (but then, I am a fat-chaser). So good with the shiso. Don't throw it away! Nasu dengaku $6. Broiled eggplant with miso glaze. Very good. Hachi vegetable fried rice $7. Decent. Filler. I think fried rice is a comfort thing. You can have it any where. Move on. Spicy kabocha coconut soup $5. Outstanding. Nicely balanced. I'm a sucker for coconut milk and that one bowl of soup probably had a fully day's nutritional requirement of fat. Tofu miso $5. Filler. (We get a lot of these flller items because half my family is vegetarian.)Pan fried Chilean Sea Bass cake $7. This is a pass. If you want sea bass, get the Broiled Sea Bass. Hachi BBQ baby back ribs $ 7. Braised short ribs $17. Broiled Chilean Sea Bass $32. The highlight of the meal. Cooked t perfection, so tender and moist, marinated in miso. (We also got lamb chops and some kind of spicy popcorn shrimp, but I don't see it on the online menu. The spicy shrimp things were really good. Reminiscent of the Chinese honey shrimp dish.)Each of the dishes came with carefully-crafted garnishes, like a marinated daikon cross-section or scallion shafts. The colors and architecture of the pieces were amazing. At Hachi, you get what you pay for and you pay for aesthetics. We didn't get these, but they have gimmicky rolls like Pakalolo and Smack. Yum, drugs. For dessert we got the Trio brulee $9. Green tea, ginger, and macadamia guanduja [sic?] (tasted primarily like chocolate). Pretty generous portion, comparatively. The ginger was my favorite. We sat in one of the two tatami rooms in the back of the deep restaurant. The tatami room has a sunken hearth. You sit on the floor, but you can dangle your legs into a pit. The room we were in had one flat screen tv with the controls mounted on the wall in the room (we watched the Lakers take the Celtics. no comment). You can close the door to keep out most of the outside noise, changing the atmosphere of the room. It was very sexy. But you can't completely seal off from everything. There's a gap between the floor and the bottom of the screen that divided our room from the other tatami room. There was a window view to the outside water and fire feature. They also have a sushi bar you can sit at. The restaurant is partitioned into two large sections plus the tatami rooms. In the end, I think our total bill was $240 with the 50% discount ($480 before the discount) before tip. It was a once-in-a-lifetime kind of thing. (The listing of foods and our total bill does not reflect the fact that we ordered several of some of the dishes.) I think Hachi is one of those Japanese places that's very American or American places that's very Japanese. It does well to educate an American palate of Japanese cuisine with many compromises, how's that? * off the strip
2	This place was so disappointing.  I was staying at the red rock resort for business and craving sushi.  We were seated right away but then it went downhill from there.  The drink and app orders were taken right away.  It then took at 15 minutes to receive the drinks.   I had asked for warm saki, when she brought the drinks it was cold.  It was then another 10 minutes for a new saki.  We ordered the LSD roll (the only good roll we received), Cali roll (meh), veggie tempura roll (so greasy), and some roll with about 15 different things on it that just wasn't very good.The waitress was rarely seen and took a long time to receive the the over-inflated check.  If you want good sushi, head somewhere else.
4	I dined there for the second time a couple of nights ago. I really love their LSD Rolls that's one of the main reasons why I came back.! This roll is made of spicy shrimp and crab, avacado,spicy ginger mayonnaise, and tempura flakes that give it a little bit of crunch.This is part of their $8.00 menu. I also had this salad on my first visit that had mango, and crab meat in it. I thought it would be a yummy combo but I wasn't crazy about the type of greens they put in the salad. I think it's called frisee' it was a little too prickly for my taste. I think it may taste better with raw spinach. It also has a weird smell to it.That would be something I would never order again. I also had the Chicken Fried Rice which was really good and it was only $9.00 for a good sized portion. On my second visit I had a steak that was topped with crab meat and tempura asparagus surrounded by a cream sauce. That was tasty because the steak was nice and juicy. I'm used to eating rice with my steak so I ordered a side of white rice with my meal. I had the Molten Chocolate Cake that came with vanilla ice cream and Shiso sauce. It was delicious !On my second visit our waiter introduced me and my hubby to sake. We had the Wakatake which has a much milder taste then wine does. I also has a sample of their plum sake which was sweeter. I wanted to try their blueberry sake called Star Rabbit but they were out of it. It's supposed to be one of the sweetest! Overall I love the cherry blossom decor and the eyeball wall and the service is wonderful!
4	Phenomenal Sushi!!! Yum! We come here at least once a week!
2	I went here for happy hour with two girlfriends before we headed to play Bingo at Red Rock Casino.  I have to say, I just really was not impressed with this place, and I definitely wasn't impressed when we got our bill!  Food wasn't very good and it was overpriced.What I tried:Miso Soup ($5) - Don't know how you screw up miso soup, but it had a strange aftertaste.Lobster wontons ($15) - Six wontons, way too little filling.Sampler Sushi Platter ($15) - One piece of Hachi's six signature rolls.  I tried one piece.  Can't remember the name but thought it was good.LSD Roll ($8) - This was a good rollKrystal Roll ($7) - Watermelon and mango with cucumber.  Kind of different but would not want it again.My friends also had chicken skewers and some sashimi.  Even the LSD roll, which was good, was nothing compared to some of the rolls I've had at I Love Sushi.  Our bill came to $100 and none of us were very impressed with the food.  This is happy hour and we were there for 1 hour!  Maybe the worst part is that about an hour into our bingo play we all admitted that we were still kind of hungry.  Do not recommend this place unless you like paying a lot for a little, in terms of quantity AND quality.
5	I have to say I was happily surprised by this restaurant. I live in the area and have gone to Red Rock but had never eaten @ hachi. I assumed that it was another sushi joint and the food would be just ok, and the drinks over priced but I was wrong.I would give the scene 4.5 stars, super sexy not what you would expect from a stations restaurant.Service - 4.5  We were seated right away and there was no pretentious attitude - so I was a fan of that. Our server was super friendly and very helpful with suggestions. After dinner we sat at the bar for a night cap and both bartenders were very quick to make recommendations and knew there stuff.The food & drinks - 5 plus Everything we had was ridiculously good. We had about four different rolls (LSD, Smack, g13 , Little sumpin) all super good, inventive. Drinks- Girl had the pink lotus- looked kinda like a chick drink but tasted amazing, cool presentation ( poured alcohol thru cotton candy to make drink). I had the velvet revolver, if u have ever had a really good cucumber vodka martini. Trust me this is so much better, really balanced with and has a bit of heat at the end ( think it has Sirachha or tobasco in it).Overall the whole experience was amazing **
4	Smack roll, yon yon cocktail, fried rice & vegetable tempura. Everything was delicious. Great overall value! The service was kind of slow, thou.
3	YardHouse was full, so instead my friend Mike and Flo invited me to Hachi instead, which was next door. It was our first time in this Japanese restaurant and I didnt expect anything special but high end prices that will be no different in taste compared to what I can find in Chinatown. But I'll admit the higher prices were definitely worth it and the servers were really friendly and great with reccomedations.I ordered a "lil sumpin sumpin" roll which tasted really good. It contained tuna, cilantro, serano chilli, tempora flakes and spicy ginger sauce. and I also freeloaded off my friends dish but I can't remember the name of her order. Best way I can explain it is a whole small fish fried in tempura. Pretty good as well. I can't really comment on all the overall menu since i didnt order much but from the taste of the ones I did order, I'm assuming overall that all other dishes are delicious as well.The atmosphere is upscale with good lighting and music.  However there was a certain wall decoration that stood out with a wallpaper containing cartoonish eyeballs. Just threw me off because the rest of the walls contained floral art paintings and pictures.Ths place is a must try though especially if you're out on a date. I'm a cheap date so I'd only do this once in a while.
4	My husband and I recently moved to Las Vegas/Summerlin area from Los Angeles and are in search of a really good sushi joint, similar to our all time hands down favorite ("Sushi Nishiya" Glendale, CA) http://www.yelp.com/biz/sushi-nishi-ya-glendale So we tried this place, we sat at the Sushi Bar but were saddened that we were not able to order directly from the sushi chef. Instead we needed to deal with a waiter who could relay our questions to the sushi chef standing right in front of us. But whatever, again we had to address the fact that we were there for Sashimi and had no interest in rolls. We were kinda guided through the menu but it was lacking variety and when the plates came out the Sashimi slice were so thin I could practically see through them. Although the food was VERY tasty I needed to order the Chilean Sea Bass in a Miso sauce, in order to fill somewhat satisfied. So all in all, I will leave this place as a "Special Occasion" sushi joint and probably eat prior to going since the portions are more on the appetizer side.But so far for our weekly sushi fix, we are really liking Wayne's Sushi Bar http://www.yelp.com/biz/waynes-sushi-bar-las-vegas He's funny to hang with and he has quite a few dishes that are phenomenal, and we didn't even have to order. I asked him for the freshest fish of the day and he offered to just "feed us Omakase style" which was music to our ears!!!
4	i hardly ever go to red rock since i live closer to aliante, but i was there this past friday meeting a friend for dinner & a movie. we decided to check out hachi's 38 for under $8 promotion. the place had a really cool vibe and the decor was pretty hip! my friend and i decided to order about 5 dishes off the $8 menu...pan fried chilean seabass cake, hachi vegetable fried rice, vegetable tempura plate, steamed chicken dumpling, and california roll. to our surprise, the portions were a pretty good size and the food was very tasty! the only thing that was a little disappointing was the wait for our food was a bit long, but it was friday night at 7pm. what do you expect!?!?! :) i would definitely go back again!
4	I was sad they didn't have my favorite bigaro wine anymore. The menus have also changed. I suggest the Top 6 for sushi. It's a plate of the most popular sushi rolls.
3	My friends and I visited Hachi for a belated birthday party. The ambiance and atmosphere were wonderful. Classy yet modern. The 38 items under $8 were quite fun, but that's the extent to what Hachi has to offer. The food there isn't great. There are plenty of much better sushi restaurants in town to choose from, but if you're looking for a fun place to hang out, then Hachi is your choice.
5	"First of all, this is an upscale restaurant. Their prices are high, the quality of food is high, service and knowledge is paramount. Get over it."  (from Jen K. aka Shorty Got Lolo).  I've been fortunate to have dined at Hachi several times.  Since they first opened to last evening, Thurs. Dec 3.  Every single time has been a 5 star experience.  We were enjoying ourselves after eating last evening and one of the cute hostess girls needed our table so she got us seats at the bar and bought us Champagne !  The bar area is really nice also.  I've eaten at a lot of Japanese restaurants and Hachi is one of the absolute best.  Quality of food, Quality of preparation, Quality of presentation, Quality of service.  You won't be disappointed.  The Eight Dollar Menu should make Everyone Happy !
4	Good for dates, good for a quick eat, good for family- it's a pretty well-balanced restaurant.  Service is great, decor is stunning, everything is just right.  The reason why I'm giving Hachi 4 stars is because establishments that I give 5 stars to usually have a "wow, oh holy %^&" factor that applies to them.  When I gave it to Parasol Up, it was because of the ambiance and crowd it managed to maintain every time I went there.  For Tao, it was the experience I got.  Bradley Ogden, their food.  But here at Hachi, everything is just.. good.  Not great.  Good.I've been to Hachi many times and as with many restaurants out their, they've catered to our slumbering economy by dumbing down their menu.  They now have a section in the menu that features small, tapas-type dishes for people who aren't too hungry or that on a very strict budget.  The sushi is still very good; they have a sushi roll with mango on top which I think everyone should try... when mango is in season :)
4	This is the first time I have eaten at a Japanese restaurant & had a life changing experience via my mouth. I took my grandma out on a date and we decided to try Hachi. I'm very glad we did. We were seated within minutes and our waiter helped us promptly, I want to say his name was Paul. We ordered the Pink Hibiscus Sake (it was sweet but I don't think I'd order it again), chicken pot stickers, crab & mango salad, a beef dish, chicken fried rice, & hot sake. Everything tasted great, my favorite being the chicken pot stickers and chicken fried rice. I have never had Japanese food that was light, not greasy, flavorful, and filling before Hachi. Our service was perfect. I really dislike being asked how I'm doing or if everything is okay every 5 minutes. Our server took our order, made sure it came promptly, gave me eye contact while making his rounds, asked me once or twice if I'd like to try anything else, made some suggestions, wam bam, thank you ma'am. I will definitely be returning to try more of the menu. Oh, and the decor is stunning. Next time you sit down in the main room, just look up :).
3	After a disappointing dinner the night before at a different Red Rock restaurant, I was hoping to just be satisfied.  Hachi delivered, and then some.  We were a large group and had one of the back rooms.  The wait staff was very attentive and their suggestions for sakes and beers were spot on.  We started with the mixed green salad which was crisp and cool and very nice.  We then shared a variety of rolls, including spicy tuna, pink elephant, and, my favorite, the qualude--loaded with salmon, jalapeno, and avocado.For an entree I chose chicken yakisoba, a noodle dish.  I enjoyed it a lot but was so full from the salad and sushi that I couldn't eat much of it. My colleague next to me had the seared beef tenderloin medallion and said it was amazing. It sure looked good!  For dessert we all shared chocolate fondue.  How can you go wrong with warm, melted chocolate?  Served with strawberries, sesame cookies, and other bite sized treats, it was light and sweet and a perfect ending to the delightful meal.
5	38 for under $8 is the way to go! i brought my mom here for a nice dinner and we ordered: tea, veggie fried rice, LSD roll, crab salad, chicken dumplings, edamame, veggie tempura, and beef skewers for $57. the servings are very generous and not what you would expect for a classy place like this one. if you are used to dropping a grip for the atmosphere and presentation, you will get more bang for ya buck here. troy was our server and was supa sweet! great personality, attentive, informative, and a comedian. actually, come to think about it, everyone was really great. =) i am definitely looking forward to heading back for some mo' LSD roll, that shiz is good!
4	I stayed at Red Rock Casino with a bunch of climbers and we all ate here one night since it was convenient to get a table for 11 people.We ordered one of each roll on the menu, and a bunch of other appetizers. The B:42 (?) roll was definitely the best. Cannot go wrong with seared Kobe and lobster. Not just surf n' turf. More like yacht n' resort. lolEverything else was pretty solid. We shared a nice bottle of cold sake (not the 1.8L one they tried to sell us for $180) and a bunch of beers. With a few desserts, it came out to only $69/person including tax/tip. Not bad for the amount of food we ordered and drinks.I would definitely recommend this place if you are staying at the Red Rock Casino since it's really convenient and probably the best restaurant in the hotel.
4	I decided to try this spot based on the reviews of some of my Yelp friends.  I started off with some warm, salted edamame.  That's warm and salted.  Very tasty.  Then I had the spicy kabocha coconut soup with pumpkin seeds.  A most flavorful soup and I'll be back if only for the soup!!!  I followed this up with the vegetable tempura plate - a melange of broccoli, pumpkin, avocado, asparagus, zucchini, onion, and shiitake mushroom.  The vegetables were ever so lightly coated and the dipping liquid was superb! How could I leave without trying a roll?  I couldn't so I ordered the kholester roll, which according to the menu is kimchee and cream cheese stuffed jalapeno tempura.  It was also very good.Dessert you ask?  How could I?  I went to have a light meal and ended up eating like a sumo. But it was so worth it!  Thanks, Misti!Note:  the edamame is not complimentary as it is at most Japanese places.
5	Excellent food! Loved the Kobe beef sashimi and the variety of specialty rolls. A little pricey but your in Vegas and at a resort so what do ya expect?
5	Great specials - 38 items under $8!!!Many sushi rolls, hot, and cold dishes were included in the $8 specials. My favorites were the LSD roll with shrimp, avocado, and crab was fresh and flavorful. The baby whitefish were sweet and crispy; the chili sauce was a great contrast for dipping.Michelle was an extremely friendly/personable bartender who made my friend and I feel very welcome at the bar.
5	This restaurant is inside of the Red Rock Casino Hotel.  $8 for a variety of 38 items and the items are definitely worth it! They also have a regular menu with lot's to choose from.  I had the chicken fried rice,  vegetable tempura, and beef skewers which was plenty enough for me.  The servings are very generous. The servers and hosts are all very friendly and attentive.  You must ask for Troy he was the best!  He also suggested the Asian Pear Tart for dessert which was to die for and I will be sure to order this again the next time I'm there.Love it!
4	This place is adorable! I love the decor and ambiance!!  They have private rooms in the very front of the restaurant (unfortunately facing the parking lot!!) but they are beautiful!! The happy hour (at the bar only) from 5 - 7 pm is awesome.. they have bottomless mimosas for $8! The rolls are great, averagely priced sushi for the location... You'd think Red Rock would be charging $15 minimum per roll, but no.. You can get a roll for $8 - $11 just like everywhere else.  Great place for a first date!
5	An excellent sushi restaurant hidden in the slot machine jungles of Red Rock, with a very large array of $8 rolls and bites you might not expect from the classiest casino this side of 95. In fact, despite all the amazing decor, the place is very affordable with friends, even when bringing on the sake and the specialty selection of delightful sushi. All the specialty rolls have narcotics names, so when I say to try the 8-ball, maui wowie, LSD and poppy rolls, please, do so responsibly.  They can kind of be addictive.  Chase that dragon roll in moderation! I can't imagine what happy hour can do to one's diet or liver, but I only assume it's the best thing for your wallet. The service is always attentive and fast here, even on weekend visits.  The multiple sushi chefs always seem upbeat, which is always a plus when taking a bar-view seat.  A restaurant that has yet to do anything but please my group!
5	I don't have a long drawn out review to place here today. I was thrilled with their happy hour sake bottle specials and the LSD roll is to die for. So far everyone I know that comes here, makes that at least one of the selections for the evening devouring. This place is hip, and I love the decor as well. Definitely worth a try if you haven't been there, and a repeat visit if you have.
4	This place was beautiful first of all, the decor was so inviting and pleasant. It's definitely a date night spot! The sushi was very good, my favorite has to be the LSD roll!!! Delish! And the waiters were very nice and attentive. Overall, this was a very nice place but like I said before, more for just a date night.
5	Famous Joey was the greatest waiter ever! The Sushi was delicious! My favorite was the LSD roll. I loved that the sushi was fresh and very tasty. The restaurant was very nice and modern and clean. I loved the atmostphere it was very relaxed.
2	Was attracted to this sushi restaurant by a coupon on weluvlocals.com.  This place isn't really bad, but I didn't find it especially out of the ordinary, and thought it was very expensive even with a coupon.    The upside for this place is the atmosphere, which is nice.  If you are willing to pay up for atmosphere and like to be forced to eat very little food by way of high prices, this place may be for you.  It is not for me.Waiter was courteous, but pushy and big on the upsell.  Under pressure and not having seen the price on the menu, we succumbed to ordering a $5 plate of edamame which was small, maybe about 20 to 30 pods.  We resisted his suggestion of mineral water.California roll was edible but nothing special, with the usual "krab".The other roll we got we didn't care for at all.  Forgot what it was called but it was one of their rolls with a wacky name.  While we generally try to be adventurous with foods, we often find that ordering sushi rolls that we are not familiar with usually turn out to be a disappointment.  Some of the rolls we often order as a safe bet, such as the caterpillar and the rainbow, were not on the menu.  Miso soup is a la carte for $5/bowl.  We did not order any.Chicken Yakisoba ($16) was below average, even when compared to other much less expensive restaurants.  Noodles were sticky and slightly greasy.  I wouldn't normally order this but I was very hungry and in need of some filler, and was concerned that I wouldn't otherwise get out of this place with a full stomach for under $100.Also, my beer was brought to me and it was warm.  I sent it back and it was replaced with another brand, but I was charged full price even though it was not my desired beer, without any other compensation offered.  I didn't bother trying to argue for a free beer because I just wasn't in the mood and didn't care that much.Order included the plate of edamame, small sashimi, 1 california roll, one other roll, and chicken yakisob.  Plus one 22-oz beer and one glass of wine.Total for 2 people with tax and tip, less $25 off coupon, was $72.  I could eat the same thing in Sacramento in an equivalent restaurant for about $45 inclusive, without a coupon.  Shall not return.
4	Top 3 things at Hachi:Famous Joey (ask for him to be your waiter!) Asian pear (drink) was amazingLSD sushi roll
4	Great sushi in a great modern sushi bar.  Happy hour menu is great however the standard menu is expensive.
5	I would die for sushi, it is just that delicous- yum yum!The restaurant was really pretty and modern. I thought it would be very uptight but it was not at all. It was relaxing and was not to over priced, especially since they have an $8 menu. Their sushi was amazing, and for me when sushi is that good I do not even have to use soy sauce or wasabi. The rolls didn't fall apart on me, which I love- because to be honest I am not the best with the chopsticks. I am more of a fork and spoon kind of girl.I am always looking for new sushi spots, and I would definitnely drive all the way across town to eat here.
3	Atmosphere is cool, but service left something to be desired.  Had to flag down a manager to ask why nobody has tended to us after being there for 15 minutes.  At the sushi bar no less!Food was good, but not outstanding, and definitely overpriced.  What do you expect for being inside of a hotel in Vegas, huh?  With so many good sushi options in town, doubt I'll be back too often.  Sorry, Hachi.
5	Oh, man...Hachi was absolutely delish!  The ambiance at Hachi was great...modern but sexy and inviting.  The food was just as good!  Too bad it's not closer to the strip, or that there's not second location on the strip (food for thought!), but Red Rock Hotel is awesome, too, so i will definitely be back!
5	Excellent just like most reviews state. The We Love Locals coupons make this place an Incredible Bargain. Especially since you can pair them with the Half Price Gift Cards that are available occasionally on the We Love Locals website. Bottle of Sake and Two full meals at $ 60.00 Net Cost. WOW !
4	This place was great. I attended the Yelp Elite event and won a $100 gift certificate to Hachi. In my head I envisioned all the hours of working out this $100 dinner was going to entail. Yes that was my very 1st thought. well that's not exactly how it happened...APPETIZERS: my bf got the Kabocha Coconut soup $6 - and worth every bite. oh so good. my weight suggested the Crab salad. $8. eh. It was the least liked thing I ate that day. SUSHI: Ah.. the good stuff. I ordered the top 6 sampler. To this moment I dont know all of them except the LSD roll but the middle 3 were beyond delicious. I'd order that roll again. bf had the smack and qualude rolls. damn. good. I had the G-rock and it too was to die for.  I ordere dht chicken Kushi great. SASHIMI: Let me begin by saying I've never ordered sashimi but I pictured sushi w/out rice. I was wrong. It was slivers and I do mean very finessely cut slivers of fish. On our waiters suggestion we got a sampler. 4 bites each for $16. overrated (not b/c it was hachi but just sashimi in general. I can say with 100% honesty it tasted really good but I'd never order that again. DESSERT: We never saw a dessert menu but our waiter suggested a cheesecake slice or creme brulee trio which sounded heavenly. and IT WAS. one was green tea, one was chocolate and one was original i think. it was to freakin die for. we almost finished it but I decided the green tea was my fav. and left most of the chocolate one. after the calorie fest we just had... Hachi is a very chic restaurant. feels like they plucked it straight out of a Sex & the City HBO TV shoot and yes right out of NY city. Would I be back. yes, probably for the HH since apprently that is one hoppping place to be during HH. We left Hachi and gambled a little and I walked in w/ $20 and walked out w/ $60. love it when that happens. ;)
4	Hachi is a simply beautiful restaurant in the equally visually outstanding Red Rock Casino. Friday night Wifey & I were greeted by 4 stunning young ladies and quickly shown to a nice table in the back of the restaurant . Were offered water immediately and waited just a few moments for our server. Drinks came quickly as we studied extensive menu . We ordered a Top 6 sushi , which is , as you may guess , a serving of 6 different sushi rolls , we paired that with Sashimi Octet . This is a selection of , wait for it , yes ..8 different Sashimi. Served on a bed of crushed ice , this was a spectacular and tasty delight. With the Octet , there are 2 servings of each of the 8 fish. The server explained what each one was , but I can't remember that many types of raw fish.It would be helpful if a list/menu/explanation was left at the table so a dummy like me would know what to order next time on an individual basis. I almost forgot we had Edamame to start which tasted fine , I guess it hard to screw up , but the portion was tiny. Anyway , am I going back? Yes , but I'm gonna feel stupid writing down the contents of my Octet for subsequent visits. Also , it cost $100 ish for the sushi and a couple of drinks each. No frugality here.
3	Try the Toro sashimi!!It's expensive but good enough.
5	Excellent sushi, excellent cooked food.  I really loved the seared tuna with foie gras.  The lamb chops were incredible.  Really love this place.  If you gamble, you can pay with your points...fantastic!
4	I enjoy Nasu Dengaku (grilled eggplant with special miso sauce on top), Sashimi Octet (8 different types of fresh premium sashimi/ 2 pic each), and 8-ball rolls (Soft Shell crab inside, and yellow tail  and avocado outside). I like the fact that you can order shrimp tempura by the piece.If you are not sure what to order, try vegetable fried rice. ( Shitake mushroom, edamame, fried tofu, carrot,  onion, scallion, and sesame seeds on top)Hachi has fresh ingredients and servers are knowledgeable about the menu.
4	Great ambiance in the Red Rock Hotel/Casino. The entrance to the casino is pretty at night with the water and the flame spouts. The restaurant itself has a gorgeous ceiling. I found the setting of this to be the best part of the experience.  I had a cucumber salad which was fresh, as well as the small and not necessarily worth it, steak skewers. The sushi seemed a bit expensive with even simple spicy tuna rolls costing 11/12 bucks. I tried an 8 ball roll which I liked. I usually dont try exotic rolls and prefer to fill up on basic ones. But I tried White Lightning and the Jake ? Roll. The Lightning is one of the best rolls I have had in some time. The rice pudding with peaches and coconut milk was delicious for dessert. I will come back but many of the rolls are automatically 16 dollars or more. This is not a good late choice since i think they dont take people for sushi after 10.
5	Every dish we ordered were delicious! Wish I can remember the names...lol. We were just there last night too. Our waiter was also awesome and attentive. He definitely knows the menu well and gives great suggestions. Make sure to order the shrimp chipotle...something like that...sooo gooooood!
5	Bernie, aka "Girl with the Dragon Tattoo", is the smokin' sexy saki girl, whoa.  I can hardly squeak out a response with a "no thank you" when she asks me if I want some saki tonight...I want to say "Yes, I will marry you."  Alas, sigh, she hardly knows I exist.Regardless...Hachi is my favorite sushi place in Vegas.  I love the decor: orange, black, silver, glass...just gorgeous.  Parking is easy in the Red Rock Hotel lot.  No headaches at all with traffic, noise, and crazyness.  (C'mon, there is a place and time for everything!)If you want to eat at the very cool bar, no problem.  Awesome bartenders will help you with your drinks or eats.  (But the dining area is where the aforementioned "saki girl" will swing on by your table)I've tried a dozen or more items here.  Sure, I have my favorites.  I'd recommend the following:1) Little sumpin' sumpin' roll2) Quaalude roll3) 8-ball roll4) Seared albacore tiradito5) LSD roll6) Braised Short-ribs7) Spicy kabocha coconut soup w/pumpkin seedsThey also feature an advertise a "38 for $8" (38 items for under $8) - oh yesI love it, Bernie, and the decor.  Yes, I do...yes, I do!
4	We timed our arrival to take advantage of the drink specials offered during happy hour at the bar.  Ann ordered a glass of Chardonnay (3 Sips out of a possible) while I chose a Zen-Tini (Chai liquor, green tea liquor and Stoli vanilla vodka) (3.5 Sips).  We started off sharing a bowl of the spicy Kabocha coconut soup (4.5 Spoons) and nasu dengaku (broiled eggplant with sweet miso (4.5 Forks). Our next order included a large portion of veggie fried rice (3 Forks), a mixed greens salad with ginger dressing (2.5 Forks) and chicken kushiyaki with a Peruvian sauce (2 Forks).  Overall the meal was very satisfying though the portion size of the chicken skewers was ridiculously small and the meat overdone.
5	Request the hamachi kama (not on the menu) so good!!
4	Very good experience.  Ate at the bar, ordered Edamame, and sampler 6 piece of their sushi.  It was also happy hour, so had the house hot sake.  It was all fantastic, though the Edamame was a little over-steamed.  Service was ok, but not as attentive as I needed at times (had to flag them down a few times, and place wasn't busy).
4	We were in Vegas for my birthday and as we often do, we like to take a few days off the strip and stay at the Red Rock Resort. During our stay, we noticed that Hachi was offering a sushi making course during our stay, so we booked the course, which costs 85$ per person (plus taxes and tip).We arrived a few minutes early and were seated in the lounge area while we waited for the final participant to arrive. At 6:30PM sharp we were brought to a private room at the back of the restaurant where our class would take place. Everything set up, each with our own cutting board, makisu (sushi rolling mat), large vats of rice, and plates of sliced up ingredients. We learned about making several different styles of sushi, from maki, to hand rolls from ingredients like spiced crab meat and crab sticks to avocado and shrimp. Ingredients are limited, but that is to be expected for an intro course. I would have loved to work with salmon, or tuna, but raw food handling is regulated strictly.We left our class armed with the know how to take us to the next level of enjoying sushi. Chef Martin was a wonderful teacher and by the end of our class, we all walked away with the confidence and inspiration to work on making a few of our own rolls at home.The few comments I do have are that I wish that while we waited someone would have offered us each some water or a cocktail, though they did offer these once we were in the private room. I also wish there had been some vegetables to add to our rolls (it would be super for vegetarians!) like cucumber, celery and carrot.
4	The food here is very good.  I particularly like the chicken kushiyaki, as well as the LDS rolls.  I think the value on their $8 menu is excellent - and also their happy hour has some very good prices on drinks.  The servers tend to be extremely friendly.  Often, the manager will say hello, I get the impression that they really care about the quality of peoples experiences.  This is seldom found in many restaurants.  Also, the decorum is really nice.On occasion, service can be a little slow, which is why I ranked this place 4 stars instead of 5.  It is sort of hit-or-miss regarding speed.  That said, it is a terrific place if your in the mood for Japanese food with a nice ambiance.
4	I have eaten here many times. I prefer to sit at the bar. Very large restaurant. Bar area, sushi bar, dining room, and private rooms. Nice happy hour. Plenty of drink and food specials. Traditional sushi is available but, there unique specialty rolls are a must try.
3	It is not "sushi at the mall" or assembly line stuff.  It is still definitely chic, trendy, low-lit, etc.  Got a bunch of the 8$ items, and a couple of appetizers.  I think that is probably the best route to go here.  DO NOT come here to load up on food and to  "feel full" unless you're good with exceeding triple digit$ for two.As a place that wants you to pay more to get more.  Here are some items to NOT get:-- foie gras --  I know it is a sushi place first, but I hadn't had foie gras in some time Anyhow, the presentation of the foie gras plate was nice, with seared tuna as well...  it came off as if the chef put effort in it since it is change from being another sushi plate, but I expect a little bit more of the foie gras itself.  It was good but seemed a lesser grade or maybe cooked in an oil that didn't complement it.-- o toro (fatty tuna belly) --  Good, but not great.  Same as the foie gras above in that it kind of misses the mark even though it was good.   It seemed seared very lightly to keep in the oils--It was surprisingly bland and tough for being sold as high grade stuff.  SAKI NOTE:  I have hit some saki here and there.  The "Hou Hou Shou" Saki was freakin' good.  It's a great combo of sweet, citrus-y, fragrant, without being overly so in any of those categories and it wont claw at your throat on the way down.
3	Their sushi was ok.Me and my friend had 1) shrimp tempura with creamy sauce - was too heavy for an appetizer2) 4 different kind of sasimi appetizer - it was cutted to thin and soaked in suace I couldn't taste the fish 3) uni nigiri - ok but it wasn't fresh fresh4) seared salmon belly nigiri - yum!5) unagi nigiri - ordinary nigiri that you can get in any sushi restaurant6) one of their signature roll - I forgot the name of the roll, the server recommended it to us.  It had mango on the top and the taste? very unique.7) shrimp skewer - 5 out of 5  Service - 4 out of 5 spent $ 90It was ok experience overall but not worth spending $90I've been better places.. cost less... more fresh..For nigiri, rice is very important and I don't know why they don't use Japanese rice.Vinegar in rice was too weak.
4	Order the coconut soup, pink elephant role.  Pretty much all good and all expense.
4	Just got done eating here and I got to say I like it!!!! The food is very good especially the oysters, the three sauces it comes with are good but when you combine them its fantastic. The sushi rolls are all unique in their own way. The best roll there is the sumthin sumthin roll.  I'll be eating here again since I got pretty much the whole meal comp'd.
4	Great sushi restaurant inside of Red Rock Casino.  Kinda pricey but a great place for a date night if you're wanting to splurge a little.  The "Top 6 Roll" is my favorite and my husband loves the "Jeffrey Roll."  Great selection of sake if you're into that...my hubby always tries something different each time we go.  Great selection of specials that are $8 and under to allow you to order a variety of things without killing your bill.They used to have these to-die-for mussels in a spicy coconut broth but they got rid of them because not enough people were ordering them.  Wish they would bring them back. Decor is super modern and trendy, service has always been great and it's open pretty late on Fridays and weekends.
3	Slow service plus just ok food.  Spent $80+ on baileys, jack and ginger, 2 sushi rolls, and edamame.  The Marijane roll was dry and didn't taste fresh.   The edamame took 20-30 minutes to come out.  Not worth the $$.  The decor of course was beautiful but it's possible to get fabulous decor, food, and service else where.
4	I haven't written a review for Hachi yet?  Weird.  Always a nice place to stop by for sushi.  I really like the S.A.M. roll. Salmon, avocado, and mango with a lemon dipping sauce.  Light and refreshing.  Food presentation has always been top notch.  Get the sashimi sextet or octet if you want to impress someone.  Beautiful presentation.  Service has always been good.  The sushi chefs don't do service or interact with the folks at the sushi bar though, which has always been a little weird. Instead, the servers just sneak up from behind.  We've dined at the bar a few times and that has been nice.  They have some excellent cocktails.  Yummy sushi, good drinks, nice atmosphere.  I dig it.
3	Hachi isn't a hopping happy hour joint like nearby Yardhouse but they have good deals like $3 Sapporo and $6 sake-tinis. A lot of food items are under $8 and you have to try their bbq baby back ribs. Sweet, saucy and to die for. Unfortunately, my order came in literally an hour later and I had to bug the bartender a few times to see what's up. Baby needs her ribs. Ergo, Hachi gets bumped down to a mere 3 stars for service lacking.
5	Great Food & Deserts
1	Doesn't deserve even one star. But that's the lowest and that's what they deserve. One of the worst experiences ever! Don't go! They don't value their patrons. Five of us went for dinner. If you want a good sushi experience try Sushi Fever.  The restaurant was not very busy. It was more than half empty on a Wednesday night.  One of us ordered a teriyaki steak and side of chicken fried rice. The others decided to have sushi and sashimi. We ordered off the the more expensive right side of the menu expecting better. The waitress was very unattentive and distracted. Miso soup was ordered and poke appetizer. The food did not come out  for almost one hour. The server from the kitchen brought out one bowl of chicken fried rice that sat on our table as a side dish 15 minutes before anything else came out. The soup came out at the same time as the entre only after asking or it. The poke was literally three small pieces of tuna the size of a thumb nail with a bunch of fried stuff covering it to make it look like more than it was. It was overed in a overly powering sweet sauce.After waiting an inappropriate amount of time I asked a women walking by to speak to the manager. She said she was the manager. I explained how we have waited for a long time and we have yet to receive our dinner. I also complained about how one side dish is sitting on the table for 15 minutes getting cold.She said she would find out what was going on with our sushi. The 3 rolls all came out  on one plate  was unimpressive and indistinguishable as to what anything was. No one explained what was being served just dropped and left. The manager nor the waitress ever returned to find out how our food was. Uni was also ordered and never was served. The portions, the terrible service, the presentation was extremely disappointing.  After a $184 bill I  actually had a peanut butter sandwich when I got home since there was not enough food to satisfy a normal dinner.Please don't waste your time and money!
4	Hachi is a great sushi spot in the Summerlin area, located in the Red Rock Casino. I stop in here every couple of weeks and will meet friends for a bite. Their 38 under $8 portion of the menu is great! Some of my favorites dishes are:-cucumber salad (huge portion)-salmon/avocado roll-salmon sashimi-shrimp and rice noodles (not on the 38 under $8 menu)Staff is always very friendly and the atmosphere is casual but chic.
4	Good variety and quality of foods, but dont come for the sushi theres a lot better elshewhere for cheaper.
4	Nicely priced. Great selection. Roomy sushi bar. One of the better casino sushi restaurants around.
5	The rolls are all named after popular drugs from the 70's lol how could you go wrong? In all seriousness aside from nobu at the hard rock this is the best sushi in town. It is without question the best sushi in summerlin. I went with a friend and his parents (who happen to be high rollers at the red rock). We were treated very well and as the meal was a comp we tried almost everything worth trying on the menu. Sometimes Vegas really pays you back, this was definitely one of those times for me.Try the tuna, it's pricey but if you're looking for a piece of fish that will melt in your mouth this is it. The manager walked by and showed us his iPad he said every day his guy in Hawaii goes to the local fish markets and sends him pictures. His sushi chef here then picks the best cuts and they are flown in fresh every day. He pointed to my plate "that was swimming in the ocean, less than 24 hours ago". Needless to say I was impressed. I'm definitely going back, probably with a date. This place has a stunning decor and would be the ideal place for a trendy night out. Highly recommend and by the way the hostesses are gorgeous. Lol not that I pick restaurants based on such things, just happened to notice :)
4	I went on a friday night (had a 7pm res), met 2 friends and was seated very quickly.  Very good wait staff....water glass always refilled.  Don't miss the Sake-Tini...I had to order a 2nd even though it's a bit pricey.  The waiter was sort of pushing more drinks but I was thinking about the blood alcohol level on the drive home!  We had a bunch of items from the $8 menu....the ribs were amazing!  I could have easily made a meal out of them.  The beef croquettes were really good as was the chicken kushiyaki, veggie tempura plate, crispy wontons and curry beef.  The salmon tiradito was amazing but I wouldn't order again...very little on the plate.  LSD and Formula 51 rolls were good but not great.  From the regular menu we ordered the  Maryjane roll which was very good not great (I wasnt blown away by the sushi here).  We also ordered the Hamachi something which is the yellowtail collar.  It's not on the regular menu so you may need to ask for it.   It was just a bit fishy but once it hit the dipping sauce, it was DELICIOUS....really tender and juicy.  We ordered a 2nd round of babyback ribs....best thing we had that night!  Then we had the creme brulee dessert sampler:  the flavors were ginger, green tea and chocolate hazelnut.  Don't miss this one.....very exotic and really good.   The atmosphere was pretty trendy and lots of party people were dropping in and out on a regular basis.  If you don't mind the hipster trendoids (I have been ignoring them and their irrelevance since the dawn of time), definitely pay this place a visit.  This place needs to be supported by regular locals after the hipsters move on to the next IN place!
2	Expensive and not worth it. Food was nothing spectacular.  Was insulted by the waiter due to the fact that he carded my boyfriend and not me, and we are the same age. That's never happened before, and it was pretty ignorant and was a lack of manners on his part, and I felt like an old lady all night! Regretted coming.
4	You are lured in by the micro mini black dressed hostesses who may be young enough to be your daughter.  My first instinct was this was going to be another overpriced, underwhelming attempt at sushi.  After a horrible sushi roku experience, I have avoided Hachi thinking it would be more of the same.  Fortunately, that is not the case.  The sushi menu, although limited in the variety, has some very creative combinations.  The Smack roll, lobster, avocado, cream cheese, tempura shallot, teryaki sauce and deep fried was to die for.  And with large chunks of real lobster meat.  The EE roll was also delicious.  We ordered the rib small plate expecting 3-4 small riblets.  Instead we got 9 large, meaty ribs covered in a spicy teryaki based bbq sauce.  For $8.00, the rib plate was worth every penny  The two of us got out of there with drinks for about 65.00.  The specialty drink options are again not many varieties but what they have are  creative mixological delights.
5	This restaurant rocks. The food is so good and so tasty and so yummy and the Hachi roll is the best roll and we ate two and we should have ordered eight and I tried their Dragonberry Sangria and it was so good that I had two but I never would have had eight and I just love their food. Arigato Gozaimasu!
5	I was thoroughly impressed with this place.  Had great drinks, really yummie sushi I got the sumptin sumptin, and the coconut soup w/ pumpkin seeds sounded so unusual I had to try it. It was very good. I will say other Yelpers seemed to really like a couple of rolls that I did not find on the menu, so that was kinda sad.  They don't have brown rice, but I asked for light rice and they did me right!  We sat at the sushi bar so we could watch them prepare the rolls.  Had a nice ambiance, great music, and the staff was very friendly.One of the better sushi restaurants I have eaten in Las Vegas- Nobu and I love Sushi are still 2 of my other favorites, but if I'm craving sushi I would definitely go back!!!!
5	This is a beautiful restaurant located inside of Red Rock Casino. We arrived late and actually were the last ones to leave the restaurant, but never felt rushed by any of the staff. Everyone from the hostess to our server was very attentive and friendly. I had Miso soup and we shared three rolls: Q, EE and Hachi... I found them to be extremely delicious. The fish was fresh and the rolls very well put together. The prices range from $11-18 per roll from what I recall. No AYCE here! They have few specialty cocktails and several beer choices..oh yeah, and a huge sake list!
5	Hachi has a great happy hour. The atmosphere is comfortable and inviting. The food was delicious, the coconut soup was yum! The service was excellent and the happy hour prices were great!
5	OMG! I am embarrassed to say that I have walked by this little slice of sushi/fusion wonderland way too many times without stopping in. I must admit to skepticism when I encounter ANY sushi restaurants in the middle of a desert. Please understand, I have always lived in the lands of water and FRESH live seafood. Needless to say, I was so happy to find that this place is not all about the beautiful decor..... It is all about good food too. After reading the reviews from fellow yelpers, we had to try the soup and they were spot on. YUM! I could come to Hachi just for that in fact. We did partake of a variety of offerings and most of them were good to great. Highlights, Kabocha soup, Baby back ribs, Special Shrimp fried rice, Vegetable tempura, Tako, Eel, and the Hachi roll and a couple others that I can't remember the names. (That happens when you get my age). The only just ok thing was the Crispy, Spicy Shrimp. All I can say is I will mostly walk in instead of strolling by in the future. The ambiance is too lovely and the food....just plain ONO!
5	I have been going to Hachi for years and LOVE it. I usually always get the Omakase. For a long time it was pretty much the same with only couple new plates updated over the years. But, it never bothered me because it was always top notch! Last weekend I was pleasantly surprised to taste an entirely new chefs selection! Everything about the night & menu was exceptional including the server, and the bottle of saki he recommended. Hachi is great cause it's never overly crowded, nor does it seem super pretentious, for more of a fine dinning sushi place. The giant wall of eyeball art always intrigues me. They also have some of the best oyster shooters I have had in Vegas. I have had a few things from the regular menu as well, and they never disappoint. In my opinion, much between than Nobu.
3	Saturday night @ the Red Rock, where to eat? Well, we were looking for something with a short wait so Yardhouse & LBS were out and so we turned to Hachi. I wanted to sit-down and be served place for dinner before our movie started. It was our first Saturday night out in over a year without the baby so it didn't really make us very picky about what we ate. I do have to say it was nice to eat someplace that doesn't seem very family friendly for once. No screaming kids anywhere (yes, we have THAT kid.)I decided on the tonkatsu ramen and the hubby picked the lobster tacos and hachi roll. I did feel a little tricked in ordering the edemame, it was offered to us right before we even opened the menus. Not something I would normally order when it can be cheaply made at home and taste EXACTLY the same (steamed with salt.) Ah, oh well, I learned. But we did order some french bean tempura with almonds. That was very good. Not heavily battered where you could actually taste the green beans and the 2 sauces they put on top worked well and didn't overwhelm. I needed something with a little crunch to go with my bowl of ramen, it worked.Speaking of ramen, it was tasty. I'm not a fan of hot mustard (it seemed to be hiding in there somewhere) but overall, it hit the spot on a cold night. The pork was melt-in-my-mouth yummy. A sucker for some fatty pig, I split it with my hubby who made his yummy noises with his first taste. I would have liked the dashi (soup) to be hotter. It came separately and the server made a comment of "be careful, it's hot" while pouring it into the bowl, but not so much. When I get hot soups, I like them steaming so hot I always burn my tongue on the first slurp because I'm so impatient I don't know how to wait. (I don't think I'll ever learn.) The lobster tacos were laughably tiny. It would be the perfect serving size for the baby (if she were to eat anything besides cheese quesadillas and chicken.) The hubby's take was "it was refreshing, but I wouldn't order it again."  It was a good thing he decided to order a sushi roll too or he would have been highly upset if the tacos was his only meal. The sushi was good, but I didn't feel it was something so crazy good I'd go back just for it. Now those green beans on the other hand...
4	Came for their happy hour (which they call Ureshii Hour) which runs from 5-7.  Bar only seating, really liked the salmon sashimi (lightly seared for excellent taste) and special Hachi roll. Also ordered the Dragonberry Mojito, which was unique. Got there right before 5, the bar filled up at 5:15 so I'd recommend to get there early for happy hour specials.  Well worth the visit if you're staying at Red Rock.
4	I'm pleasantly surprised!Okay, so over the years I've developed almost a snotty attitude towards "fusion" or Americanized Japanese food, and it's hard not to when so many restaurants around town do such a poor job at it. So yeah, it took me by surprise that I actually liked this place haha. I ordered their version of fish and chips where they used tempura batter for the fish and used fancy-looking potato chips on the side. The fried food wasn't overly oily which is always a plus. It was seasoned well and the serving size was not bad. I also got this eggplant dish that was disappointing in size but made it up for the taste. My mom got this crab salad that didn't have much crab in it and the dressing was lacking pizzazz but at least it was edible and fresh. Oh! but the best thing that we ordered was this mushroom "pasta." When the dish arrived there was no pasta included, so my mother and I were a bit confused but didn't care enough to ask a server what's up. It was literally the best mushroom dish I've ever tasted in my life and I don't even know how to describe it!! They definitely used shiitake and that's all I can figure out. I'm glad we tried this place out. Now I know a place to bring my non-Asian friends to a non-traditional restaurant that actually serves delicious Japanese food.
4	Atmosphere awesome, service easily gets 5 stars!food was GREAT, we were a group and order many plates to share...ahh, my fave thing to do-  Not normally a coconut fan, but this soup was special.. potstickers , yum... the ribs you must try... sushi rolls were unique and good... but I have had better... ahi flatbread was my fave! fresh food in all areas, ohh crab salad too!! Drinks rocked too..!!
4	I loved it here 2+ years ago when Iived nearby (pre-Yelping), and I still love it.  While the menu has been redone and missing some of my old favs, the new menu had some interesting new items, and thus, I now have a few new favorites.  The decor and lighting are really gorgeous, romantic and colorful.Amazing:------------1A.  Salmon Carpaccio (absolutely amazing; wafer thin gives it a super soft and tender texture), with sesame oil, ponzu, and sesame seeds.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4ugJ4F8jDJ9-2dEiZ47wLg?select=J0FFzxNuH4TF0jexP2tY3w#J0FFzxNuH4TF0jexP2tY3w2A.  White Lotus Roll - rock shrimp tempura, asparagus, avocado, albacore, crispy onions, soy sauce http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4ugJ4F8jDJ9-2dEiZ47wLg?select=J0FFzxNuH4TF0jexP2tY3w#hdHiCVdAaf7kAWeKjf5Nuw3A. Yellowtail Jalapeno (great flavor in ponzu and fresh cilantro, not too spicy, and fresh fresh yellowtail) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4ugJ4F8jDJ9-2dEiZ47wLg?select=J0FFzxNuH4TF0jexP2tY3w#A6RULrkYC9QaU7vKrZracgThe Norm/expected:--------------------------1N.  Spicy Tuna on crispy ricecake (great presentation, tobiko, avocado, chili; ricecake was too crispy, and while tasty, I've had it better many times elsewhere)  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4ugJ4F8jDJ9-2dEiZ47wLg?select=J0FFzxNuH4TF0jexP2tY3w#lsZKgmNnGTA6yz0y6oo0xQ2N.  Shishito peppers (in a miso sauce, all mild)Meh:-------1M. Albacore Sashimi (with Crispy Onions in a CItrus Ponzu sauce; great presentation, but its more complex than it needs to be, and it hides the tuna...that's my goal for sashimi, hello!)  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4ugJ4F8jDJ9-2dEiZ47wLg?select=J0FFzxNuH4TF0jexP2tY3w#KGCR_WyqmS6CdQvpjsSGwQ2M.  Saki - Nigori Genshu (Murai Family).  I wanted a cold, unfiltered saki, and received a thick-as-a-milkshake one, that's sweet.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4ugJ4F8jDJ9-2dEiZ47wLg?select=J0FFzxNuH4TF0jexP2tY3w#vRFiQLLbInhEkYdlAhr5wgService:----------Everyone was super nice, BUT, everyone I spoke to was newly hired (all less than 3 months).  Beside the manager (who was super and recommended the White Lotus Roll), the server and the assistant were very young and unseasoned, and I don't believe fit Hachi and it's lovely appearance and price-point. Plus, no Bernie, the girl with the dragon tattoo (see my earlier review, posted 11/3/2011).Summary:------------Food is still a 5.0, prices are fair, and I love the decor, but the service dropped it one star.
3	This place is okay, not a stunner by any means 'tho.Disappointing they ran out of their popular "Black Cod" dish.The portions are good sized and fairly priced for a Hotel/Casino restaurant.If you fear never getting filled at Japanese Sushi restaurants, I'd recommend ordering their Chicken Fried Rice for $10, it's enough to help fill 2 people (or feed more), and then you won't go broke ordering so much sushi, that you're potentially faced with a huge bill and still empty stomach. The sushi rolls are okay, nothing spectacular, but then again, I'm not a big fan of those fancy rolls with special names and all sorts of random assortments thrown together.  I'm more of a fan of the basic sushi and sashimi where there's no sauces or blending of multiple flavors, and the quality of the fish can be tasted without distractions.The service is decent here, as is the decor.  I'd still rate Nobu at the Hard Rock with higher ratings, 'tho that comes with a higher price tag too.  I think you can come out of this place for about $100 for dinner for 2 feeling satisfied, and maybe up to $150 if you add alcohol and order a tad more liberally.
4	Beautiful decor. Murano glass everywhere.  Very unique design with many different areas to sit and eat. Very relaxing and comforting atmosphere.
5	The wife and I went here for the first time on New Year's Eve with her sister and brother-in-law and we all absolutely loved it. It was super packed with couples, groups, families with kids - just about every demographic.There was a wide array of food to suit everyone, and it was pointed out to us that the menu often changes which gives everyone a chance to try new things and keep it fresh.We loved everything we ordered - the crispy spicy shrimp tempura, kobe beef carpaccio, kobe beef gyoza, lemongrass chicken teriyaki - while also enjoying what our tablemates ordered. Definitely recommend the hachi rolls (very much like a california roll) as well as the kobe beef carpaccio and lemongrass chicken teriyaki.Great atmosphere, quick and attentive staff, fantastic food and an all round great dining experience.
5	We get it, it's in a hotel/casino that is technically owned by Station Casinos, it's not "authentic," blah blah blah.  It's Vegas, folks- everything here feels manufactured!First, you need to realize that this place is fantastic because you can go big on a $100+ dinner for two at a nicer Japanese joint at the Red Rock, OR you can spend less than $30 on dinner for two when you are rushing to catch a movie.There was only one roll I tried here that I didn't like, and the name eludes me (will update review if I find it, but it was mainly because I dislike jalapenos, but the boyfriend wanted me to try it.I love the Hachi roll, the SAM, the Little Sumpin Sumpin, and Smack rolls.  Their spider roll isn't as good as it used to be, something has changed so I might not order that in the future.  The real steal at Hachi are the hot entrees, such as the chicken yakisoba, which goes for $12-13.  A huge helping, definitely for sharing, for an awesome price.As for cocktails, GET THE SAKETINI.  I don't care if you are a guy and don't want to sip on a bubblegum pink colored martini.  It is like candied sake, if there were such a thing, and you get a lychee fruit as garnish.  I get at least one every time.  Maybe I should start thinking about happy hour, hmmm.....Hachi has something for everyone, even those who don't want to delve to far into the world of nigiri and other super-raw products.  This isn't really a place for families though, the atmosphere is geared toward adults, and why are you trying to drag your six year old to a sushi joint in a casino anyway is my question.If you stay, live, drive, or work near the Red Rock, stop in some time.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Outstanding service from all employees, from beginning to end. Love the location plus great sake and interior/ ambiance. This place does many things right :) Thanks for a great night!!!
4	Yum, YUM, Yum. Good but pretty pricey... Ok... Very pricey. The green tea was the best I've ever tasted, the white sangria was killer, and the sushi was fab. Losing one star for the cost to quality and portion ratio. Don't get me wrong, the quality was high, and maybe I'm just expecting too much seeing how far they are from the ocean... But, what can I say? I've been eating sushi since I could walk, so I'm picky.
3	3 - Stars I know.  Although the food was fabulous, our waiter left me with a bad taste in my mouth, and questioning whether or not we should give it another shot.Our party of 6 sat down and we were promptly greeted by our waiter who pressed us for sake tastings.  I'm not a fan of sake, I try it and I hate it everytime...he was convincing, so I tried a "taste" and still I hated it.  The rest of our party liked it and he just brought out a bottle.  I ordered a bottle of wine to share and we went on to look at the menu.He was oh so convincing that instead of ordering we should allow the chef to prepare us a "tasting" menu that would be complimentary to our tastes and desires of a sushi experience.  I was hesitant because he was pushing this "tasting" menu as much as a car salesman pushes a car knowing you have cash in your pocket.  It seemed slimy and creepy to me.  As a control freak I immediately had reservations, but everyone else thought it would be a good idea.The fish was incredible, although I have no clue what came out.  It all came out so fast and the portions were so small there was literally one piece and one bite per person at the table.  Before we knew it the bill came out and the looks on the faces of the ones paying it were in shock.  Over $800 for our "tasting" menu with one bottle of $36 wine and one bottle of $85 sake.My initial creep factor was right on, my stomach was empty, and my pocket was bruised.  For $800 for a party of 6 with a little over $100 worth of drinks I like to think I at least feel full at the end of my meal and at least have a buzz.  So I'm sure we will be back because of the Fun Center to drop the kiddos in, but this time I will be in control of what I order.
4	I love sushi and I loved this sushi restaurant. It is located inside the Red Rock Casino. We went because we had a $15 off coupon. The only thing is it is a bit pricy but I was expecting that since it was a higher scale sushi restaurant inside a casino. We started with their edameme which was good (can't go wrong with that!). They then brought out the salmon that was done in a citrus sauce. This was the best sushi salmon I've ever had! The sauce was amazing and made the dish. We also ordered the two mini lobster tacos which were to die for! I wish they were bigger or came with more because two was just not enough. We ordered the spicy tuna and hachi roll which were both good. My favorite part of the meal was the lobster tacos and salmon. I would go back just to enjoy those two dishes again.
2	It's Sunday night. We're at Red Rock Casino and have time to kill before watching The Croods at 9..My boyfriend is starving and I am on day 6 of a detox so can't eat with him but will settle for some tea with lemon. We were just going to get him some prime rib at the cafe but the line was long so we decided to venture out and give Hachi a go since they looked pretty empty. I really loved the ultra chic look of Hachi.. You definitely don't feel like you're at Red Rock Casino anymore. I would say the prices are pretty high for a local casino joint almost strip prices. My bf decided on a chicken teriyaki plate (chicken + steamed rice) which was $22!!!.. must be some bomb chicken teriyaki right??? Ehhh he said it wasn't bad but it's definitely not the best he's ever had. It was a grilled chicken breast with teriyaki glaze on it. As I watched him eat I was thinking hmm we should come back and actually eat a meal here since the atmosphere is so nice. So the 2 stars is for the service. I know from working in the restaurant industry no one wants a couple where the guy just orders an entree and the girl just gets tea. But I am on a DETOX ...which I told our server from the get go and my man didn't want to be feasting without me. We just felt as though the server thought of us as a burden for being there & looked down on us. Had he done a better job and been more friendlier perhaps we would have left happier and would want to go back like we were originally planning on doing. pftttt. HOT TIP: check out their daily Happy Hour at the bar 5-7 and hopefully their bartender will not treat you like you're a burden.
3	Lounge Review:Sometime after my third lap around the tables, this place finally caught my eye.Looking to satisfy my craving for whiskey, I was really hoping to find some nicely aged Yamazaki but secretly hoped for Hibiki.I reluctantly had to settle for Black Label neat and decided to wash it down with a side order of tempura.Tempura was crisp, light and delicious.They served an avocado tempura that was a rather half-assed attempt to try something different or a stroke of genius; considering how good it was, I'm thinking it was the later.
5	This place was awesome.  The staff was all very friendly, professional and appeared to take pride in their jobs. The food and drinks were amazing. We had so many rolls I can't remember them all but they were all tasty. I strongly recommend the french bean tempura and shishito peppers. You can't go wrong with this place.
4	This was my first sushi experience and it was very delicious!All the rolls were very fresh and tasty, but a little too expensive for my taste.  My favorite appetizer was the green bean tempura.The staff here are top-notchThe atmosphere/decorations are very hip and the place looked brand new it was so clean.
1	This use to be one of our favorite restaurants to have sushi. We weren't greeted by our server and after 15 minutes, I had to ask the hostess who would be waiting on our table. After they have taken every one of our favorite dishes off the menu, it is definitely no longer a favorite restaurant. If it's not broken, don't fix it! This time, I had a hard time deciding what to order, so the waiter suggested the "Kobe" beef steak. I mentioned that I loved the steak skewers with wasabe which were no longer on the menu- They were $8.00 for 2 skewers. After not really knowing what to order, I rushed on his suggestion..BUT I had no idea he would suggest the most expensive thing on the menu, at $70.00 for 4 oz, you can understand my shock and sickening feeling when the bill came. I guess I should have inquired more because it was the most expensive item on the menu. I feel somewhat taken advantage of and feel he could have used more common sense knowing well that I was in the $8.00 range.
3	We came here for happy hour, only to find out they no longer have the same HH offers.Service at the bar was friendly and I enjoyed my first cocktail.  For appetizers, the fish part of the Fish and Chips was delicious; moist fish with a perfectly crisp tempura and flavorful dipping sauce.  The chips were cute, but flavorless.I didn't care for the flavor of the Wagyu Yakitori, though the texture was fine.  My second cocktail was a Mango Chili combination that was all chili heat and no mango.  I can't imagine anyone consuming the entire glass as the overpowering kick got old after the second sip.  Even though my glass sat full for the rest of my meal, the bartender did not inquire if I liked it.I did enjoy the Hachi Roll.
3	The food is decent but this place is really, really loud.  I do not like going here on date night because I cannot hear my wife.The food is salty or sugary, but still tastes good; it's nothing special though.We go here maybe four times a year; not a bad place before catching a flick at the red rock regal cinema.
5	Sushi was fresh and delicious.  We dined on a Sunday night and it was not crowded.  We had three rolls and there was one with watermelon that was my favorite.
5	Best sushi we've ever had. Hiro "sushi master" was very knowledgable, and very very friendly!!! We recommend this place to anyone who is near red rock casino!!!
4	We came here because my wife got a $15 credit on $30 check and because she wanted to try something different. We ordered two appetizers and one main dish. The main dish, shrimp and spicy noodles was excellent: big tasty shrimp, spicy noodles with a few veggies. The two miniature lobster tacos were OK altho the delicate taste of lobster is hard to survive when thrown into a taco. The little spicy shrimp appetizer was very tasty altho obviously very high in fat content. My wife ordered a Sapporo beer and the waiter brought the 20 ounce bottle, not the smaller bottle without asking which she preferred. The waiter also upsold us to the spicy shrimp appetizer from the crab cakes. Since we didn't get the crab cakes, I don't know if this advice to spend a couple bucks more was good or not. Otherwise the service was excellent. I gave four stars because we liked two of the three dishes a lot, nice ambience and good service altho I am not sure if the waiters have instructions to upsell. Definitely not a value proposition, but an upscale, innovative restaurant.
5	New fav Japanese restaurant in Vegas! Get the French bean tempura to start, great alternative to the usual edamame. The lobster tacos are also a great small bite. We had the s.a.m. Roll which came with a lemony vinaigrette, the Hachi roll and the white lotus roll. Everything was so flavorful and so original.
3	I met some friends for drinks and apps before we hit the tables.  Not authentic but more fusion-definitely prefer authentic Japanese like Ichiza. Apps were ok but nothing special.  Definite eye candy at door and  was very loud.  Service was a plus and drinks were strong which was a plus.  Prices ar high for being a local casino.
2	Food was decent but not worth the price. Had lobster tacos which were good, but only four bites. Also had the x roll which was awful from conception to execution and it was $16. I spent 40+ tip but will head to pinks because I am still hungry.
4	Sushi is not my forte. The land where I come from rice is the center of universe and curry and roti revolve around it. I eat so much rice Sumo wrestlers follow me. I ended up with this place with trepidation and to meet some friends and I have become a convert for small cube shaped rice with sushi. I ordered Shrimp tempura that came with a chili sauce on a little white plate and it was the best Tempura & sauce I ever  had, so much so, I was trying to enter the kitchen to get the recipe tor the chili sauce and the Hara Kiri security guards stopped me with drawn out samurai swords.The tempura which uses Japanese fine panko bread crumbs and the technique of using ice cold water to get that thin coating makes the shrimp with tails so appeasing I ended up ordering five of the appetizers instead of the main course. The bartenders in the front are morose beings, the kind who only take care of their usual drunk patrons and ignore others. Next time I will bypass them and order Saki from the waitresses who are quite a friendly bunch.The eatery is spacious with booths that makes dining with friends a happy jaunt. I knew I  was not in a Chinese restaurant since the waitress did not say Enjoy or give any kind of warning. This is the best Japanese eatery in Vegas.
5	The sea bass is one of the tastiest meals i've ever had in my life.
1	The service is horrible here. 10 minutes for them to acknowledge that we were seated, 10 minutes more before they got our drink orders. We almost left before ordering food. We had come here with the intention of having some delicious sushi. Not so. We left spending over $100 and felt underwhelmed and still hungry. Meh.
3	I've had a review for this on the backburner for a while and I guess I can finally come back to it.  Mind you, we ate at Hachi back a while ago when the Happy Hour was still in effect.  So...I think late last year.  Reason we went was because we were staying at the hotel and had a $50 food credit we could use during that time.  I thought it would be a good idea to go to Happy Hour and try a lot for a little.  It ended up being so-so.Hachi is the Japanese/Sushi restaurant located in the Red Rock Hotel & Casino (one of my fave stay-cation places).  It really is one of only a small handful of places for sushi in that corner of the Summerlin area.  Naturally, a lot of folks end up here for their sushi fix.  You would think that Hachi would step up their game by bringing some premiere eats.  I can really only give this place an 'average' when taking in food and value.  Food is ok, value, not the greatest.  I guess it's because of the markup when you go to a restaurant in a hotel.  But for the kind of money you spend at Hachi, you could almost do a full meal at another fine dining restaurant in the Red Rock, T-Bones.  Yes it is possible, especially if you get carried away at Hachi ordering multiple signature rolls, nigiri or sashimi, and cocktails.  Watch that cash!Back when we visited, we did the menu where there were 38 things under $8.  The wifey and I concocted an entire meal on this with our $50 food credit.  We got several tapas-sized dishes and a cocktail or two to dine on.  Bad thing is, I don't recall everything we had right now.  We had five or six different dishes, and when you consider drinks, tax, and tip, we were right above the $50 food credit mark, I paid about $65 total ($50 food credit + $15 out of pocket).  Very good for a cheap date night dinner!Here's what I remember we did have:-Crispy Spicy Rock Shrimp - with chipotle aioli-Hachi BBQ Baby Back Ribs - with crispy noodles and butter lettuce-Vegetable Tempura - including pumpkin, onion, asparagus, avocado, zucchini, broccoli, and shiitake mushroom-LSD Roll - spicy shrimp and crab, tempura flakes, avocado, and spicy ginger mayoThe LSD Roll was kinda 'meh'.  It tasted more shrimp than anything else.  The stars of the night for us were the Crispy Spicy Rock Shrimp, and the Hachi BBQ Baby Back Ribs.  Those ribs were tasty!  Sweet, a little bit of heat, but definitely with some Asian flair.  My guess is there might have been some hoisin or ponzu in the BBQ sauce.  Cooked just right, fall off the bone but not soggy.  The shrimp were great as well with that aioli.  The chipotle in it gave it some oomph and accompanied the tender fried rock shrimp.  Reason I remember having to do this review was because we were there recently and thought about eating at Hachi again when I noticed they got rid of their touted 38 under $8 menu.  The new menu now?  Some changes here and there, some additions, but definitely a bit heavier on the price.  Also, noticed the place just wasn't as busy as it was in the past.  Prices definitely can affect traffic, especially in this dank economy.  We ended up just eating at the food court instead.But I'll give them this, they got some HOTTIE hostesses!  As I was with the wifey, I merely just glanced.  Glanced.  But they were hot.  Yes, hot.Hachi as a restaurant?  Lately, not so hot.
3	Red Rocks attempt at modern Japanese is not a total failure, but their reverse happy hour falls short of impressive due to a lack of consistency in their offerings as well as a lack of drink choices.Of what we had, one was borderline terrible while the other was quite tasty. Their mini ramen for 8 dollars is truly mini. One could easily devour all of the ingredients in two bites or so, if one felt the need to do so. The truffle flavor is non existent and the bowl I had was so incredibly bland I didnt want to eat anymore. After adding two shots worth of soy sauce, there was barely enough of a salt flavor to make it edible. On both value and scale, it was a miserable disappointment.On the other hand, the 808 Fried Chicken was well textured and had a nice balanced sweet and salty flavor. If anything was wrong, it was just a tad salty but perhaps only because of the stark contrast to the ramen.Having only sake bombs and bunny bombs for reverse happy hour seemed like a poor variety. I had just had higher hopes for this place's reverse happy hour.
3	Atmosphere and decore is fantastic. Lychee martini is five star and at 12$ it's not supernovae priced. The beans are a must order The kimbucha soup was goodThe mushroom salad was below averageas well as our tofu rice noodle large dish,  especially for 18$.I believe that there are better restaurants at Red rock.
5	One of my favorite sushi places. The sushi menu is not super extensive, but what they do have is awesome. Great appetizers too. I suggest the beef carpaccio. They also have awesome sake flights along with pretty much whatever else you want to drink. The staff is super friendly and even though it is a more upscale looking joint, they don't make you feel uncomfortable. Big ups to Paul and Ryan. We have seriously come back to this place just because of them. Will be back soon.
4	A great overall dining experience.  The food was interesting and well prepared and the service was excellent.  Atmosphere was also wonderful.
4	The atmosphere is wonderful and the service has always been excellent!  Love their beef and the desserts are awesome!
2	It's grad to relate the food fairly because the service was so bad!!!   I went with a friend after being told there was a 45 minute wait at the near empty restaurant next door.    We were seated right away and my dining partner said she hadn't eaten all day and needed food fast.  The exact opposite happened.   It took forever to order and then we waited and waited and waited.   The table next to us arrived later and when they got their food there was quite a lot.   I noticed they got exactly what we ordered.   We talked to them and it turns out they didn't order it and just dug right in.   It also turned out that the waiter gave them our food in addition to their order.  By the time we flagged down the waiter both of us were hungry and cranky!   We could have waited in the non-existent line next door and been served faster.    It took about an hour to get my sashimi and it was a monstrosity!!   Not in terms of quantity but one of the worst presentations I've seen!   Huge bowl if ice with stuff sticking out of it like a partially complete flower arrangement .  Food was just so so for both of us.   We were offered a dessert to share for the inconvenience.   It was particularly bad and I didn't eat it.    Needless to say, I won't be going back
1	*****WATCH OUT FOR THE MENU ITEMS INCLUDING SEAFOOD!!!!!!!!***** When a friend came to visit from out of town for my birthday, I was excited to take him to the BBQ place at Red Rocks Casino that all my friends had been raving about. Starving, we arrived a the BBQ restaurant only to find out that the wait was over an hour. Because we were so hungry, we made the decision to try Hachi. When we asked the hostess about a wait for a table she stated that there was no wait and we would be sat right away. We told her that we would like a table, to which she replied, "sure, that will not be a problem. If you could just wait, you will be sat right after the couple that is before you", motioning to the couple looking at the menu by the hostess station. Confused and hungry, we stood and waited at the restaurant's entrance in the casino. Approximately five minutes later we were sat and told our waiter would arrive shortly to take our drink orders. We were handed menus that include three pages of pricey food items, but were without any list of available beverages. The design and decor of the restaurant was impressive and unique. The place was far from full and from the looks of it, slow, because we were sat right next to the waiter station. Apologetic, our waiter arrived 8-10 minutes later and handed us one drink menu. He asked us for our drink order and what type of water we would like to drink. Not having much time to look over the menu, I ordered the restaurant's pineapple version of a Dark and Stormy while my friend ordered a Red Bull and Vodka. To the bartender's credit, both drinks were very good.I decided to try the $22 chicken teriyaki and my friend chose to eat an assortment of their equally overpriced signature sushi rolls which included both shrimp and fish items. During the meal the service was excellent and our waters were never empty and our plates were cleared promptly by a polite busser. All was well until about two hours later when my friend became very ill. He was up all night with FOOD POISONING and sick the following day, my birthday, trying to recover. A little quick to blame the food at Hachi for being the actual food that was the source of his food poisoning you ask? Well, to that I would say it would have been impossible for it to not be their food, because my friend had not eaten at all that day or the day before as he was getting over a cold. He had slept in and on the plane and had not even eaten a snack (this explains how hungry he was arriving at the casino). And if it was a stomach flu I would have gotten the flu because he had used my fork to eat some of my chicken dish.This restaurant ruined his vacation to Las Vegas as he spent the next three days wishing he was dead in my house. It also ruined my birthday as I spent the next three days taking care of him.
4	Hachi has a beautiful atmosphere with really good food. Yes Bernie is "HOT" my husband loves to ask her saki questions but the food is good. The downs are that th pieces of sashimi are small, and expensive. But it is a nice place to go and relax if you like sushi
