4	I Love any place that I can get Lunch at 10:30am. Vincents has a ton of different pizza by the slice all day everyday, plus a full menu of appetizers, entrees, salads and dessert, not to mention some family meal deals and they even deliver!! I took advantage of their lunch menu several times already even though they just opened on August 19th. I've tried 4 different kinds of pizza, the garlic knots, which by the way I saw them making and actually hand knotting the dough right there, and one of their chicken Parmesan rolls which is the chicken, sauce and cheese with dough wrapped around it than baked, really really tasty! They have a lot to offer and I will probably gain 50 pounds if I keep going there but there is still so much more I want to try!Check them out, they are right next to the AMC Theater on Ray Rd. and the I-10.
3	Well I'm sure their Pizza is good but I didn't try any of it and probably won't go back to try it. I got a meat ball sub and I dunno like many other people think that meatball subs come with marinara sauce. Well mine didn't, it was just meatballs and cheese. I had ordered the sub to be on garlic bread instead of the regular, there was some butter and a slight garlic smell but it lacked in taste compared to the smell and expectations of warm delicious garlic bread. I was disappointed since I have been craving a meat ball sub for days and this did nothing but just make me want another one even more. Oh and this is was a 7 dollar hero sub, It didn't quite live up to the Hero stat and price. We had also ordered some fried calamari and the garlic knots. The calamari was ok, nothing too crazy...  a bit bland as there was little or no seasoning on it and the marinara sauce they gave us was pretty weak in the bold flavors one would expect. The garlic knots were the same as my bread on the sub, a lot of promise but no follow through. The marinara sauce could have been a little acidic with some lemon or lime it would have helped the accompaniment with the calamari.  All in all I give this place a 3 stars since I see there is promise in this place, a great local business run by the family that owns it. I always support local business and I have to say I hope they stick around and make some changes because I would like to see more mom and pop pizza joints in town.
3	had to go in and try the pie..giving it 3 stars, and not because it was bad or anything was wrong with it.  It was very good.  But if it was back in NYC it would just be another average pizza place.  I know that sounds like a backhanded compliment, but it isnt.  This place is legit, especially for out here.really glad this place opened as I think the more legit east coast pizza places around here the better.  This is most like Joe's NY pizza in scottsdale and  It reminds me alot of slices of pie you get on the Jersey Shore.  Obviously made by the same people who have made pizza back home in years past.Had the onion and tomato pie and I liked it.
3	My wife and friends went for lunch the the other day and liked it so I thought I'd give it a try.  Nice place, nice menu - good selections. I had the meatball hero lunch special.  Good meatball hero (meatballs with marinara + extra for cheese to make it meatball parm) - it was good; too big for lunch - I would have been satisfied with half with a handful of chips and a deli pickle spear or peperocini on the side vs. just the hero sitting on the plate solo (hope the owner reads Yelp!).I'll go back and try something else.  Good food, good location should do well.Who mounted all those nice TV's in there?  Shaquille O'Neal?  You get a neck ache looking up that high!PS - hey food runner, when you deliver a slice of pizza and it starts to slide off the plate don't use your bare hand to move the pizza - gross!  You know you saw me watch you do that too!
4	We placed an order for delivery last weekend--large pepperoni pizza, baked ziti with eggplant, and calamari. Everything was great, especially for a delivery place. The pizza ranks up there among my favorites in Phoenix. The pasta was also very good--my wife especially loved it. The calamari was pretty darn good also (this comes from someone who dislikes seafood). Delivery only took about 40 minutes on a Saturday night. All in all I highly recommend this place. I'm giving it four stars, but if I compare it to other places offering delivery, that would move up to a five.
4	ive fallen in love with this place.I have gone back a few times, and I think it is great.  I love the sauce quite a bit.  This pie just reminds me more than anything else of a pie I would get on the NJ shore in summer.  If they dont have a pie out and ask for a slice they usually will throw a whole pie in if you are willing to hang out for a few minutes.  Lots of games on the TV. They apparently are big Yankee fans and that kind of sucks but I guess that is part of the package. I would rather go here then wait for 3 hrs at some other place.Still love Grimaldis the most of any pizza I have ever had, but I could eat Vincents pie every week.
1	I have given this place 3 chances. First time I ordered Meatball Sub Platter to go. The salad was great, side pasta was good, main dish Meatball Sub was forgotten. Second chance ordered Stromboli Roll to go. Waited 30 mins roll came out and they burned it so I had to wait another 20 mins. got the food back to my work. It was complete dough they came back to replace the roll said it would be 15 mins turned out to be another 45 mins. Finally tried Meatball Sub again. Meatballs were not cooked and sub some cold. Gave up and left. I wish this place was up to par, maybe they can't handle the crowds. The flavor of the food is good but I gave them enough chances and not one good experience =(
5	These guys can make a great pie!You know what I really love about them? You can walk in at any given time and they have a huge selection of slices. I am not talking about your boring pepperoni or cheese as your options, I am talking about chicken with roasted red peppers, buffalo chicken pizza, two kinds of Sicilian, white with tomato and many more.Certainly the best pizza in Ahwatukee, though that is not saying much. They do make my top 10 in AZ.They make a mean chicken parm slice. Grimaldi's needs to take a page out of their book to understand what chicken on a pizza is supposed to taste and look like.
4	Went for take out tonight with tha family. Wanted to try Vincents ever since I found out that they make a Sicilian pie. Grew up on them back in NY and have had very few that compared, that is until tonight. Ordered the Sicilian Special and we were very happy. Very close to the memories of long ago. The sausage calzone was also excellent, loaded with sausage and ricotta. We tried the Garlic Knots , but they were just average.Vincents uses Grande Cheese widely considered the best available. They are obviously concerned about quality and it shows in their finished product. We will be back.
4	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):9 Food9 Service8 Atmosphere8 ValueThis is the best place I've found in Phoenix that's styled after the by-the-slice pizzerias of NYC.  I think they overextend their menu a little bit, but if that's what's necessary to survive in Phoenix where foot traffic doesn't exist because of our strip center developments, i'll take it.The people were friendly, the food was tasty and generous, the atmosphere was happenin' (though the ordering process was tricky to figure out at first), and the pizza-by-the-slice prices were definitely fair.  3 massive slices and 3 breadsticks for under $15.  I'd like to see this place put together a Bianca pie.  I bet they could do it some serious justice....
4	Vincent's has great food, great selection, and great service and atmosphere. It reminds me of the type of quick pizza places you find back east. I tried the mushroom spinach and it was incredible- both in taste and in size. The slices are big and filling, and they are covered with a good amount of topping. The place had many different and unique pizzas which makes me want to go back and try it again. I may be more adventurous next time, and I'm sure I won't be disappointed.
4	This is some goooood pizza.... and the customer service is just as good :) i got there early waiting for my friend... so i sat down and right away the little blonde girl came over from behind the counter and asked me if i wanted anything ... (water with lemon lol) from what i saw you order from the counter.. pay.. sit down and they then bring you your food... i thought it to be a nice gesture :) especially since she didn't have to :) my friend finally showed up... it was grub time !! i had the Hawaiian and pepperoni and a side salad with ranch... first off the salad was amazing! red onions chopped up in it and carrots and other stuff too not like a normal side salad with iceberg lettuce and some croutons.... i was happy :) the pizza slices were huge.. and they were generous with the toppings :) the pineapples tasted awesome and my favorite part of the pizza was the crust.. :) (and that goes for any pizza.. i love bread! Italian for sure ) and their menu is huge... lots of choices and i like that... especially since i change my mind alot lol they had a bunch of flat screen TVs on the walls... with different channels on each one... i like that... who wants to watch the same game on every TV you see..!! i really liked the food and the atmosphere and especially the employees... they were friendly, helpful and very prompt with out food :) i will be back for lunch again in the future :)
5	Just wanted to say thanks for letting my friend and I grab a drink and enjoy the patio today! We didn't get pizza but certainly will, your service was fantastic!
4	I am a pretty pleased pizza snob. The taste of the pizza is passable which is rare for AZ. The service is fast even when ordering a large pie, selection is wide and the prices are very reasonable. The location is a pro and a con. It is next to a movie theater. This means it makes a great meal before or snack after a evening flick. The downside is you are most likely going to walk a bit from your parking spot. The format is self serve. You order at the counter and they bring you your order, drinks spices etc the rest if up to you, so no need to worry about a big tip.Is also is nice to see powdered garlic on the tables, this is a must that my NY pizza soul and it is great that I don't need to smuggle in my own garlic like I do at many other places. To date I have tried the plain cheese thin crust several times and I always enjoyed it. I also tried the Sicilian style (square) pizza. The Sicilian was good but not quite up to true NY standards. For a quick slice or cheap quality pie give it a try, why would I lie, will this rhyme ever die?
3	The pizza was good but waaaayyy over priced....seriously? It costs like 6 bucks to make a whole pizza why does one slice cost that much?
4	Went there again the other day as I was in the neighborhood.SImple NY type pizza as if you would find it on the boardwalk on the jersey shore.FANTASTIC.I get the feeling this place will become a chain sooner than later. It is that good.
4	the pizza's are great here.  They have nice flat panel tv's if you want to catch a game and an outdoor patio. the place is casual and friendly.Here is the deal - grab a slice before you watch a movie in next door AMC.  thats what we always do!
5	Wonderful dinner with family and friends. Excellent attentive service. Getting to watch Vincent toss pizza was like having dinner and a show. And our special dessert was too die for! Thank you Vincent and staff.  ~Terry-Jo
1	Worst Pizza Ever! They just lost a customer and with service like that Vincent's is on its way to being just another one of those short-lived restaurants near the I-10 and Ray.  I called in for the $19.99 one-topping  pizza and wings special and decided to upgrade to the bbq chicken pizza for $7.  Terrible decision because their bbq sauce and chicken are awful, but the crust is so terrible it wouldn't really matter what was on top of it.  So I called in to possibly get a different pizza sent out and I got to talk to Jack.  Maybe he is a cook trying to act like a manager but he certainly lacks any sort of customer service skills.  His offer to me was half off a new pizza.  Half off a pizza that I paid extra for, which I was ok with only to find out the bbq chicken pizza is only sauce, chicken and cheese.  That sounds like the one-topping pizza special that i ordered.
5	LOVE this place. Great food, high quality ingredients (which is why i was told the prices are a bit more than your typical pizza hut), and fun service.I love this place, and always leave happy and full. Authentic italian food is my weak spot! :)
2	Vincents has lost a customer for good...I have eaten there at the location 3 times and picked up to-go 2 times. Of the 3 times I have eaten there in Vincents, two of the times the order taker forgot to put in my order..The first time my whole family sat there for about 45 minutes and when I inquired about my order the girl at the register admitted that she forgot to put in the order for our pizza pie.I chalked it up to her being ditzy and I was not happy,but we waited Finally after more than an hour and very little apology we got our food.,  and then enjoyed our meal in despite of the lousy service.  Now the other day the same thing happened to me. I told the girl who took my order that this was the second time they have done this to me and I was treated with indifference.I was offered 3 slices that were siting at the counter instead of my whole pie that I ordered, I said I would wait for the pizza I ordered and then I did. If I had not have paid already I would have walked out.You would think that they would have came over and offered something but they didn't until I guess my dirty looks propelled her to bring over a plate of free Garlic Knots. I do like the taste of the pizza but I will never ever step foot in there again with service like that good luck to them if they were in NY nobody would go there!!~!..I suggest if you want NY/NJ East Coast pizza make the drive to Grimaldi's(The best!!!) or check out the local Bella Italia in Ahwatukee over by Brilliant Sky Toy Store. "Mangia!"
4	Vincent's was packed!  Everyone was craving pizza too!  The line moved so fast and with smiles. We really enjoyed the cheese pizza!  The crust was great and the cheese was stringyriffic!They have "barley pops" on tap. They have Cannolis & Tiramisu for dessert! The menu looks awesome!  We will definitely be back to try the other great looking items!Our only negative, which is totally personal preference,  they have Pepsi products. The kids didn't mind, but I'm particular about my soda.
4	I went to Vincent's for the first time last week. I ordered the ricotta and spinach slice and a slice of Sicilian with some veggies. I can't understand how filling this pizza is- I didn't get to my Sicilian until the next day out of the fridge. While it was still tasty, I don't think it fair to review a place based on day-old cold pizza. Anyway, the ricotta and spinach slice was heaven. Then again, I like anything with ricotta. So I held off reviewing until tonight, when I went back for a cheese slice. Tonight... I thumbed the end of the slice and folded it in half, the same way I have been doing since I was a little girl sitting with my father at the grungy pizza shops dotting Long Island. I heard the familiar crunch of a satisfyingly crispy crust. I took a bite without any extra fixings, just because I wanted to taste the unadulterated product. I have to say that while the crust was crispy and the cheese-sauce ratio was perfect, I do think the slice was a little on the bland side. These cheese and sauce were great, so I think the issue lies with the crust. Nothing a little red pepper and garlic could not fix. Hubsky and I also split the eggplant rollotine. This reminded me of my mother's eggplant- the one she usually orders at Franco & Vinny's in Ft. Lauderdale (my mother in the kitchen? Ha!). Like I said before, anything with ricotta makes me happy. This was delicious. It came with a side of pasta- we got the penne at the cashier's suggestion. I'm pretty sure the pasta sauce and the pizza sauce are the same. Tasty. We'll be back, but I might stick to fancier slices.
5	The pizza is very good will try more out later.
5	My family LOVES this place!! The pizza's are huge and very tasty. Our favorites are the Margherita & BBQ chicken.My husband joked about getting a job there so that he could get the recipe for their sauce... it's that good!
5	My wife and I love this place. Best pizza in AZ! To start, the people here are amazing! The two owners Lee and Jerry are great! It's a family run place. All their kids and their friends work there and they ALL make you feel like family! Ive never had a bad meal, slice or experience. This has become one of weekend destinations for us and I'm sure to take all my friends here. Try the white pizza! Forget Venezia's, NYPD or any other place, YOU WON"T GET A BETTER SLICE ANYWHERE!!!
3	Good NY Pizza...Bad AZ serviceWanted to take my kids to a NY pizza place we were used to in NY so we went to Vincent's last night.After staring at a hostess that was a "deer in headlights" we seated ourselves. Waited another 10 minutes at our table then had to get up and ask if we could see a waitress. Waitress came, apologized for confusion and gave us free garlic knots for extra wait.Family had large pizza with meatballs which was excellent and had grease dripping ala traditional NY pizza.Watch as manager went to every table but ours asking if everything was ok. Got my check and noticed that my pitcher of Blue Moon Beer was charged as imported not domestic. Asked waitress if Blue Moon was import or domestic. She replied "Import" Blue Moon is from Golden Colorado. Import? Really?Menu is good, please import some NY service.
2	I was so hopeful for a comeback....but it didn't happenAfter terrible service and great pizza last time we went, my wife and mother in law returned for lunch and had a terribly overcooked, dry and tasteless chicken parmigiana sandwich. They brought some home assuming I would eat anything but could not eat this.Off the radar for a while.
5	This place has good greasy food. Service is fantastically fast.
4	Vincent's really does have New York style pizza. The closest I have had outside of my favorite Times Square slices. I have tried MANY of their pizzas but I must confess I am a sucker for anything deep dish they make. They use real cheese. There is a tidy wine selection and many beverage choices. The location next to the movie theater makes it perfect for a night out with the kids or with your honey. If you are a sports fan this may well become one favorite hot spot for you. Large wall mounted televisions will supply you if you sit inside and people watching on the patio is very amusing. You can watch everyone from Jr. High girls trying to act 17, Ahwatukee cougars over at RA, to boys smoking hookahs next door "being cool". Jerry has the personality of a talk show host ( I mean that in the best way he is so outgoing.) and the staff are very professional. There may be kids working there, but they are working. Quite impressive leadership from the employers. They want to get it right for you.
1	To darn expensive
4	The best eggplant ever.  Not too much Breading, delicious sauce. Try it in a sandwich or with pasta!  Manga Manga
2	The antipasta was good, the Buffalo chicken sandwhich was OK, the Pizza was OK,  Too bad those who had pizza were almost done by the time I got my sandwhich. Although I realize it is not a full service place, after you order they do not make you feel like you are important to them, just more of a distraction from other things they are doing....Might stop before or after a movie, but would not go otherwise.
4	First time I had ever eaten here, and I can guarantee I will be back.  I was waiting for my girlfriend prior to going to a movie, and saw the blue moon (beer) sign on the window, so I decided my time would be best spent waiting in there.   I ordered a slice of a buffalo chicken (amazing), and a slice of a hawaiian style with bacon (more amazing).  Turns out they have lunch specials from 10:30 to 3:00 for a slice and a drink for $4 or $5..   or 2 slices and a drink for $6 or $7.  They do have sandwiches and pasta too.   They have beer and wine, and 7 flat screen tv's.
4	Good choice of slices and good greek salad.  Kids can all get a slice they like.
4	First off I love being able to get a slice and go. I have done that a few times. I have had 3 seperate slice times and I would say it was 2 for 3. 2 of the times I got their white pizza slice and I like that a lot but I hate the specialty slice price. It's like 4.50 or something. I know... kinda pricey. So as a result I grabbed a pepperoni slice and was not a fan at all. I grabbed the slice and was eating it while I drove. Had I been there I would have  them put it in the oven for another minute or two. Hot pizza = good; cold pizza = good. Cold and hot pizza = blech. I was waiting for a movie and decided to go back and I had the meatball sub and I was instantly back in love. I like this place and I love being able to just get a slice. It was something I got used to in Portland (you were expecting me to say New York).  The food is pretty good except for the one time. Not a fan of eating there though.... I like to grab and leave. The ambience makes me feel like leaving. Not sure if that is the intent.
5	Great place to have pizza, watch the game, and sip on a glass of wine
2	Not too much going on here. It's not my style to compare a pizza place to Slices but that's kinda what it felt like here....only not as good. Feels weird saying that. I had a couple slices of pepperoni, which, here it comes, tasted like cardboard. and my girl had a slice of sausage and pepperoni and some kind of square margarita pizza without marinara, which was their only saving grace. It was actually pretty good.There are too many other dining options in this area. But if I'm in the mood for sub par pizza by the slice, I might stop back in.
3	I was thirsty, and my fiance was getting her dress sized, so I dropped in to order a beer and Mozzarella Sticks. Although there weren't many sticks, they were pretty tasty.  The beer arrived at my table within a few minutes.  I'm not sure why but I wasn't really thrilled with this place.  Maybe it was the lighting, TVs, noise, or the roaming staff.  Just not my thing, I guess.
1	I could not be more dissappointed in this restaurant.  Service was horrible.  We ordered two slices of cheese pizza (that was already cooked) and a small ceasar salad.  We waited for 10 minutes, and finally 1 slice came to us and it cold.  After an additional 10 mintues I went to the counter to ask where the rest of the order was, there were no apologies I was just told that it would be right out.  Seriously, 10 minutes later I had to go to the counter again, and still it was another 5 before my salad and piece of cheese pizza were brought to the table.  I will definately not be back.
2	Not very good.  Pizza was kind of dried out.  I can see this as a popular stop off before or after the movie theater, but there are way better options nearby.
4	So great to see the occasional NY style pizzeria pop up amid all these chi-town "pizza" impersonators... Sorry, but if you think pizza is cut in squares, or it's crust should taste like a stale saltine cracker, perhaps this isn't for you.A great street style joint with friendly staff and always a great selection ready to go, and conveniently located right next to AMC 24. Bring a messenger bag or purse and get some Vincents to go, and avoid the concession stand. Just sayin...
2	This is a mediocre pizza place.  Edible, but not great.  I won't throw a hissy-fit going here, but I wouldn't go out of my way to find this place.
2	The stuffed bell pepper looked good, but I had to send it back twice to get it hot (which seems to be a theme for this restaurant) got it steamy and then had to use the seasonings at the table to make it tasty. This restaurant is busy due to default. It's convenient to the movie, reasonable priced and quick. Their lack of flavor and heat is standard. I wish they'd get a little heavier handed with the garlic & oregano. A garlic knot should clearly taste garlicky! Their house salad is a good deal and if you stick to a slice of pizza it's okay.They have done some work on the interior that is an improvement and looks nice.
4	Good pizza, nice place & the owner was very accommodating. I'm a fan.
5	I am a New Yorker and I approve this PIZZA.  Seriously legit - these guys know what they're doing - prob b/c they're also from NY.  Plus they have veal parm heros - seriously like the only place in Phoenix that does that.  Good sauce, good crust, fresh cheese. (Did I mention fresh pasta?)  Seriously, this place is the ONLY thing I miss about living in Ahwatukee.PLEASE PLEASE open a second location in Downtown Phoenix????  I'll even run it for you!
4	My first few visits here would've earned them 3 stars but this recent visit really prompted a review (and a 4-star one at that).Just wanted a quick bite before my movie started and was SO glad to see that this place hasn't gone out of business yet. Being from NJ, my preference will always be "mom & pop Italian" over Mexican or burgers or Asian...Anyway, I know their lunch specials are built around the drink (that being where you save money) so I shouldn't have been surprised about the $4.65 charge for just ONE "Specialty Slice" of pizza (I had a water in my purse and didn't want to fill up on soda, so I opted for no drink). Sitting there, waiting for my food, I had utterly convinced myself that this slice could NO WAY be worth the price I just paid and after it was placed in front of me, the size of it did nothing to sway that belief.But OH, the taste!Now, obviously taste is HIGHLY SUBJECTIVE but my oh MY! That ham & pineapple slice was so dang good that I may never order from NYPD again! It's the day after and I'm still drooling over it. Crispy crust (again, this is MY preference over soft, chewy crust) with just the right amount of "crunch" when I bit into it), sweet tomato sauce and lots of cheese that stretched out before me and literally pulled me back in! Just the right amount of toppings was the icing on the cake.I have found My Perfect Slice in Arizona.
4	Good pizza. The appetizer, the calamari, was probably the best thing. Out shined the pizza. We had a buffalo pizza which was good but it was definately one of those better cold kind of pizzas. Best day old pizza lol. The place was reallt busy when we got in around 630-7 ish hard to find seating. I wasn't sure what to make of the place it was like a sit down place but you had to place your order in line and there wasn't much of a wait staff. They bring u food then that it. First time in I was a bit confused but the food more than made me happy. Try the calamari.
1	I ate here for the first....... And last time tonight. I ordered the lasagna and it came out barely warm. There was nothing too it at all. For twelve bucks I was expecting more. The sauce tasted like chef boyardee. It didn't even come with garlic bread. Maybe their pizza is better.  I would save your money if I were you!
4	I have been back to Vincents a couple of times with no problems so I am updating my review, they also have good italian ice now.
4	This is my fiances favorite pizza.  Consequently, I eat here a lot more than I would if I were on my own.  But to be sure the, pizza is pretty good.  It beats standard dominos, pizza hut, etc and I haven't been able to find pizza I like much better in town, but that bar is set pretty low in Phoenix.The place is staffed with a bevy of young people that are relatively friendly, and the service could be worse, especially when you compare it with the kind of service you typically get from people in high school or slightly older.   I
4	I live right up the street from this place and love it. Some of the best pizza in Arizona for sure and I am a New Yorker. You can get really good deals doing a family pack, I think it was $30 for 2 large pies, garlic knots and choice of salad, sandwich, or pasta. I have ate in there too and felt the service was very good, also when waiting on a pick up order I was given a drink while I waited as it was a couple minutes for my order to be completed, a bonus is the cute waitresses too. Just writing this I am salivating and thinking about ordering some Vincents tonight.Update - Well I like this place and get it once every week or two so I feel I am a good loyal customer but the past couple times I called at around 730pm to 8pm or so they tell me the kitchen is closed. If your hours say you close at 9 or 10pm then that is when you should shut it down, nothing like calling a place or going to a place knowing their hours and getting shot down, so disappointing. Luckily I did get my fix last night from them. Lowered 1 star because of the couple times getting shot down.
5	Im was born and raised in sicily. i was aroung legit italian chefs back in my day. overall this pizza tasted just like my dads pizza in italy, pure italian pizza. the taste was awesome. TIP- order the pizza well done it tastes much better. overall A+
5	Hands down, the best pizza in the East Valley!!!! Tastes like I'm back in New York City, that's how good the pizza is! They do all sorts of combinations and toppings. Mmmm mmmm good. The hero sandwiches and wings are good too. Located in a strip mall next to AMC movie theaters, it's a great place to go before or after the movies. And they deliver, too. Much better quality than chain pizzerias.
4	I visited Vincent's the other day on a friends recommendation.  It was weird going to a restaurant where the old Underarmour store in Ahwatukee used to be.  Upon getting there I was disappointed to see that it was counter service, my friend had told me it was table service.  There were so many pizza slice options to choose from.  If you are with a group and can agree with one flavor, it seemed like ordering a whole pizza was significantly better of a deal.  I went with a Scicilian slice and a Chicken Parm Hero.  My parents both had the meatball hero.  I was disappointed that the beverages were Pepsi, really who is a Pepsi fan.  I know Pepsi is cheaper for the business to sell, but I truly have only ever met one or two Pepsi fans in my life.The heroes took forever to get! The Scicilian came out after a few minutes (all they had to do was throw it in the pizza oven).  The Scicilllian crust was amazing.  Their slices are New York style, so expect the medium crust.  It took about 35 minutes to get the heroes.  Upon getting them, I was quick to notice how unimpressive the plate looked.  The sandwich looked kind of plain, there were a couple pepperchinis, & some plain potato chips they looked like they just tossed on some generic potato chips as an after thought.  After biting into the sandwich, the bread was outstanding!  The meat was decent, but the bread made the sandwich.  I was swaying between 3 & 4, but the pizza slice and the hero bread pushed it up, although service was slow and the potato chips were not good.
4	My son and I have been here a few times after going to a movie at the AMC Theatre and we love their pizza -- reasonably prized, HUGE slices, variety of flavers.  The crust is perfect and as close to NY-style as you can get.  They have outdoor seating and they door serve beer and wine if you are so inclined.  I wish they would open a branch downtown -- seems like we are missing a good by-the-slice walk up pizza joint downtown.
5	Seriously great pizza.  Friendly staff.  It's an added bonus that they usually have a Yankees game on & are very welcoming to those of us who support the Bronx Bombers.  That's not very common out here in the desert.  At the end of the day tho, the pizza is super tasty and the price is right.  Home run!!
2	I had takeout from here before the owners changed and it was pretty decent.  Since the ownership changed I have been twice.  The first time it was pretty busy and the pizza was ok but nothing special. Most of it hangs out precooked Sabarro style waiting to be reheated. On the second visit the restaurant was pretty dead and the manager completely ignored me while sitting on a little chair behind the counter.  With 4 people back in the kitchen that is pretty weird.  When I got tired of being ignored. I just went next door to get some food. They don't even get points for quick pizza even though it is all precooked and hanging out in the window and they just reheat it.
2	My daughter and I visited Vincent's for lunch yesterday.  We were greeted right away. We placed our order; a slice of pizza and a chicken caesar salad. I thought the salad was overpriced. We proceeded to find a table.  My daughter received her slice of pizza pretty quickly. I had to wait a very long time for my salad. My daughter was almost done with her pizza before I my salad was brought out. I don't know if I'll give this place a second chance.
3	I'm from New York and love Italian food...wanted to try this place as my mom said it was good, we went there on Friday night about 6:30, they were busy but not slammed. We ordered a large pepperoni and mushroom pie, took about 15-20 minutes which was good, thought it was alright but not New York pizza. The wait staff was friendly, and place was clean. This place is for sure a 3 star! With that  being said, I have one complaint,I would was absolutely disgusted at how the female owner was belittling her staff, and in the seating area in front of guests.  This behavior is never acceptable and these kids were working for her business, from what I saw, she truly owes her staff an apology.
2	not bad but can't say I loved it.  But I'm picky I'm from NY. I'm a pizza snob
3	I went back and it was much better this time around, although I was quite inebriated...  Two very big and good slices of pizza for a reasonalbe price.  I'll be back again.  I still don't really care for that employee that responded to my first review...
3	In a pinch it worked. What can I say? Big slices, not much taste. I've had better. Was asked 3 different times if I was ready to order at front counter. Give me a chance to look over the menu first people. Ordered. Grabbed table. It was dirty. Waited for someone to clean it off. Salad was so so. Basically onion and lettuce. Not too fancy, not worth $6 for large salad. Pizza came promptly. Son's was piping hot cheese. My Margherita Pizza was just warm. Sauce was just OK. Not homemade. No real taste of garlic, basil,etc....If you are not looking for anything special and just want a slice, this should do it.
5	This is my go-to pizza place.  I'm from upstate NY (not NYC), but this is as close to home as I could find in AZ that delivers to my ahwatukee apartment.  There are other pizza places that I enjoy in the valley but the sauces really differentiate themselves.  I prefer this sauce since it's more like a tomato and minimal sweetness or spice.  The quality is always fantastic, friendly staff and nice variety. - The pizza sizes are actually very large.  The "small" is about the same size as a dominos large, and the "x-large" is just huge.- Meatballs are large and filling as sides, you should get them.  2 comes with the order.- The wings are my favorite of the valley and they actually come with carrots and celery.  Also, blue cheese isn't something odd for this NY place, because if you are from NY you DON'T use ranch on wings.  Also the blue cheese is great and chunky like it should be.  Also, the sauce isn't thick, maybe a little oily, but I enjoy it.  I ask for my wings to be cooked crispy and they come out perfectly.- My family has also ordered the spaghetti dishes, and meatball subs.  Everyone was happy with the choices.- Garlic knots are fantastic also, order plenty.  :)If you go to the actual restaurant they sell slices, and serve beer and wine.  Great for a date night because it's next door to the AMC movie theater (Ahwatukee 24).  The service is quick, so you can get a quick bite before the movie.Sure it's more pricey than some chain restaurant, but the quality is great, and it's a family owned restaurant.  Something we should support here in the valley.
4	Some of the best pizza around. They have local beer on tap and good wings as well. The best part is you can enjoy almost any pizza by the slice. Try the chicken Alfredo pizza or the shrimp scampi pizza!
3	Small counter service restaurant serving a large variety of pizza slices.  Also has salads and pastas.A few tables, always well kept, self service soda.Good place to grab a bite for lunch, take out, or after a movie.I prefer a thicker slice of pizza, but this is pretty good.  Sign says Brooklyn style.
3	This is the second time I ate at Vincent's and I'm... not sorry I ate here. The restaurant is pretty clean and the atmosphere is nice. Hailing from South Jersey, I'm obviously not a New Yorker, but I've had my share of authentic, New York-style pizza.I ordered two slices of plain cheese, which they shuffled into the oven to reheat. The pizza crust is pretty thin, so it got pretty crispy in the oven. It wasn't bad at all, but it tasted like any Sbarro's you could find at a Mall food court. I happen to like Sbarro's, so as I said above, I wasn't sorry. The portion size was very generous, though; both slices were huge and very filling. It was just kind of hard to fold and pick up at first, due to how crispy the crust was. I think next time I will order a whole pie from Vincent's (especially after reading some of the other reviews on here) because I have a feeling I'm missing out by ordering premade, individual slices. This definitely isn't a bad place to stop at for lunch before a movie next door, or whenever.
2	Based on the reviews we wanted to check it out. Being from Brooklyn and knowing what great pizza really is,  I wanted to see for myself.It's a counter order place which is fine for just a casual slice before a movie but not any ambience for dinner. Had couple of different slices, one Sicilian and one regular.  Nothing special on either front.  Not bad but not the texture and experience people were raving about.Not going out of my way to go back unless maybe before a movie.
5	Very good NY style pizza, thin, chewy yet crisp crust and light sauce with lots of melty cheese.
3	Pretty good pizza. Can't say its the best in az. And az is no ny. But the food is good. not great. Not sure why my waitress is sitting eatting talking with the manager while I'm sitting waiting. But I did enjoy my food.
2	Actually came to the shopping complex to eat at Pita Jungle, but then we got hungry for pizza after seeing the sign. We should've went to Pita Jungle.This place was pricey! $4.25 a specialty slice and $6 +.75 for sauce for mozzarella sticks! Seriously? We only got 6 sticks! For that price the sauce should've been included! As for taste is a "meh." Not the worst I had, but far from the best. I'm not sure what is famous about this pizza, but I will not be back.
5	Best sliced cheese pizza in the Valley!! Service is amazing, and the pizza is wildly amazing! Honestly, I never thought I would like thin pizza, but this place is insanely awesome!!
3	It was ok, large slice but needed more sauce, not much flavor. Large selection of pies to choose from.
1	Horrible service I went in to pick up my pizza I ordered. The guy took it out of the oven and dropped it they did not offer to pay for it since it was there mistake. I had to sit for another 30 min on top of the 30 min I was waiting for the first one. They have a bunch of high school kids working here with no customer service I would not recommend this place. The owner should call me 307-256-6969
2	$4.25 for a slice?  No lunch specials either.  Mediocre service.  Bland pizza.  Nothing to great here.
5	This pizza is as good as it gets. Fresh dough made daily and baked crispy on the bottom. Fresh and delicious ingredients on top. Beyond that, the desserts are amazing, the prices are reasonable, the atmosphere is comfortable, the staff is helpful and friendly, the service is quick, everything is clean. This place is the best. The owners, Tom and Olivia, are great folks! You'll love this place.
2	There pizza is average. The customer service us sub-par and if you enjoy ranch or any extras bring your piggy bank.
2	Mediocre pizza.Ordered pizza for the Super Bowl and they only had half our order ready 40 minutes later. Pretty much ruined our party. We'll get our pizza from some place more reliable next time.
2	Over priced, ok pizza.  Nothing special.  I will not return
5	Delicious!
1	Well, the salad I ordered looked like it was pre made two days ago & the pizza was made a heated up ... Not good. Better out there!
1	Good Food, HORRIBLE SERVICE!!! My husband & I have been here a few times, it is right next to my work. Previous to today, we have only had pizza slices & of course Thrify's Ice Cream. EVERY TIME we go, no matter how busy(or mostly NOT busy) they are, our food takes FOREVER! Honestly, there have been times that we were the only customers in the restaurant, and everyone was standing around talking/texting and no one was working, ridiculous. Today, we had a dealchicken coupon, and when I presented it, the cashier had NO IDEA what I was talking about and did not know what to do with me. That started the frustration. The she stated that a calzone would take 30min..ok, I had an hour lunch today, so that didn't bother me too much. We also ordered stuffed shells and ice cream. WELL, as time went by, no food, no food. I even went up to the counter, told them that I was in a hurry, and asked for our stuffed shells when they were done, since I knew the calzone would take 30 min and did tell them that I was not told the same for the stuffed shells, and was confused, but stated as soon as the stuffed shells were ready, they would bring them out. Waiting, waiting, waiting...no food. I went back up again to check on food and our calzone was sitting there, I asked for it & she said she would bring it out to us. By the time we got the calzone, I had 10min to eat. 3 min before leaving, the stuffed shells came out, I told them to box it. I inhaled my food, sent the other half of food home with our 2nd meal, and told him to enjoy our ice cream. It really is too back that the staff can not get it together, because as I said, their food IS really great, but I wont go back to that lousy service.
4	The closest you'll get to NYC pizza in Phoenix. Avoid eating in the restaurant on busy Friday and Saturday nights -- they're super busy and service is incredibly slow because of it. We enjoy stopping in for a couple of slices after a matinee or ordering to go. The Sicilian is quite good, too.
2	Ordered a large hand tossed pizza with spinach and mushrooms as carry out. Got the pizza home and you would have thought we ordered extra spicy. We called to find out if this was normal or an unfortunate mistake and we were informed the mushrooms are very spicy. I do not understand why the menu would not state spicy mushrooms, or the restaurant would warn the customer when ordering that mushrooms are spicy,  not even a sorry for the misinformation. Could have been fair pizza but we will not be back. By the way it is no where near the flavor of east coast pizza.
5	Awesome pizza...you can buy it by the slice or buy a whole pie.  The one complaint I'd have is there closing hours are not very consistent.  They seem to base it on how busy they are an hour before closing.  If you leave it up to the staff; I'm sure they are never busy an hour before closing.  Still brings you back to the best pizza around and I'm a regular customer from now on.
5	They call it "white pizza". Is a ricotta cheese pizza with spinach. I had a single slice about three weeks ago, and it was delicious! After searching for delivery for about an hour on Yelp, I decided to have the same kind of pizza delivered. I got an 18" white pizza. It came out to be $24ish. Deliver fee is $2.50. I paid five dollars more than what Hungry Howies would have charged me for a large one topping pizza. Seriously. Yum.
1	I ordered for delivery one night, a small pizza with a drink and a side. I was told it would be approximately 40-45 minutes. After waiting for an hour I get a phone call from them telling me my order wasn't put in correctly and that I'd have to start the process over. They said the pizza hadn't been made yet and that I would have to wait even longer because there were many more orders out for delivery. On top of that they said I couldn't order a small and could only order a large pizza(the menu had both listed), meaning I wouldn't just be spending more time waiting but also more money. I told the lady to forget it and hung up the phone.
5	WAS awesome. Went tonight and it's closed. Ovens gone, packed boxes. So sad. Pizza was great but now they're closed. Staff was friendly but now they're closed. Yelp won't let me just say "It's closed" but it's closed. Now where can I get a good NY slice?
4	When I'm in Ahwatukee and want to grab a quick bite before a movie next door at AMC, Vincent's is my go-to. This is a no frills pizza place, but damn do they deliver on taste! Love the huge White Slices (Spinach, healthy garnishment of Ricotta) with a pint of Blue Moon.  You can't go wrong with the price, either, and you won't leave hungry!The Garlic Knots were also great. Great customer service, too. Years ago, I met my friend here for Pizza and beers. When the server dropped our pizza on the floor, he comped it because of the wait time. Outstanding customer service! I heard a rumor that they closed recently. Sure hope this isn't true. Ahwatukee is the land of strip malls and  crappy chain eateries -Vincent's was a refreshing change.
2	Been here twice first time pizza was good but pricey two drinks 3 slices $16.00? Second time pizza was under cooked and fell apart when brought slice up to manager/server was hesitant to understand why I wanted a refund. Re cooked a different slice same result. 2 slices and a drink $11.00? Too pricey and not that good. The restaurant was not well kept empty dishes sat at tables for over 12 minutes. I highly recommend Barros a few blocks down really good slices. Family owned. Clean too.
