5	This salon has recently been taken over by new ownership and I am so impressed. I was visiting my parents in Gilbert and my mom made me the appointment for a pedicure and manicure. This place was PACKED, every manicurist was busy and working hard. They have the largest assortment of gel colors I have ever seen! This made choosing a color really fun and exciting.The staff is great and offer you a bottle of water as soon as you get in.Very helpful as you wait and in the hot sun. I got a lilac color and it is so beautiful,she did an amazing job. My pedicure was the most amazing thing ever, including wax, a scrub, callus remover and a hot stone massage. HEAVEN! This salon is so clean, I even saw each girl cleaning their station after someone left with cleaning supplies. This is great! And each pack of tools came out of a sealed pouch.I would suggest making an appointment. They are still really new and need a few more people to help them. They were extremely busy but did not make me feel rushed. If I could get service like this in New York City I would be a happy camper! I left the salon spending $30 on a gel manicure and an amazing pedicure, I couldn't be happier.
5	I am so excited about the new changes at Greenfield Nails. The new management has done a wonderful job of staffing the salon with nice and talented people and the place has never looked as clean and modern as it does now. I was a regular of the salon before since it is so close to my home, but now even if I moved I would stay a regular. The quality and price of the services make it all worth it! I highly recommend you stop in and check out the changes and try a service, you will be hooked too!
5	I was referred by a friend for a nice spa day. I scheduled an appointment the day before and was brought in on time. I had a basic pedicure, manicure and facial. All the services were explained to me, but they were not pushy on selling. They offered me water right away as well. The pedicure was perfect - hot towels, stones, oils, massage and all! It was recommended that I try the gel polish rather than the traditional. I love it!! I've washed dishes a couple of times and worked in the yard and not a single chip! Monica did my facial and she was very sweet, friendly and informative. She has the perfect touch for extractions and massage. Every one was very friendly and the salon was super clean. I'll be returning again soon!!
5	I am very impressed with the service at Greenfield Nails. The prices are definitely fair, in fact, cheaper than they should be! For the standard pedicure it includes a stone massage (which I never had before, and now I love!), different choices for the scented scrub they use, and a really large selection of colors and designs to choose from. They also have a punch card for pedicures so you can get a free one, which is really nice.I also get gel manicures done here, and I have no complaints. They ask all kinds of questions so you get exactly what you want (do you prefer nail shape round or square, etc) and I haven't had any problem with chipping. They have a crazy amount of color and design choices to choose from and the lady doing my nails told me she wants them to come up with 10 new designs every day so that they have the most options of any salon around. Most importantly, the employees are all very friendly and welcoming, and seem to have a great relationship with each other (talking about going to happy hour after work together, that's my kind of team!) which I think is very important. They offer you water or mimosas as soon as you walk in, and make sure you don't need anything the whole time you're there, without being annoying. I have had my roommate and mother try this place and they will never go to another place for mani/pedis again.
5	This place is AWESOME!!  I was just visiting, and my girlfriend took me here for a pedicure. Super clean, super friendly. Great assortment of colors. Before I even sat down, I was offered a choice of bottled water, coffee, juice, or a mimosa!  The pedicures ranged from $20-$50, and they were well worth it. I got the $30 Spa Pedicure, which included a sugar scrub, hot stone massage, and a deep moisturizer. I never felt rushed or as though I was an inconvenience. I have never gotten such a high quality pedicure, and the experience was definitely of a higher quality than in your typical nail salon.
5	Today I went to this Nail Spa. New full set of nails & a Pedi. It was really GOOD. I'm new to the area & finding a new place is hard. They were friendly, clean and super GOOD. I'm a happy happy Woman! This will most definitely be my new go to Salon!
5	Under new managment.  This place was great!  I have been to many many nail salons over the past years and this is by far the best.  The staff is so friendly, they speak english at all times, and they make you feel right at home.  They are very good about cleanliness - just felt right. Country music was playing in the back ground - wow this is a first and football was on the silent TV.  Danielle and David were fantastic.  The prices are great and I will definitely be back.
5	Love this spa!  They are nice, attentive, kind and thorough!  Great mani-pedi!
5	I went here last night for the first time and it was amazing!  The people were so nice, it was so clean and they helped me find the right colors that I wanted. I have been to a lot of salons in my time, but this one is the best!  I will not go anywhere else.
5	This place is wonderful! Spacious, clean, and very friendly staff. This was my first time here and they made me feel like I have been coming here for years! There were many colors and designs to choose from so choosing a color was the only hard part of this visit. My nail tech was Kim and she was so sweet. She carefully cleaned and shaped my nails then buffed and applied the gel polish. Oh and get this, each nail station has a charger for whatever phone you have so it can charge while you get your nails done! Omg I was so happy with this haha. I paid $25 for a Gel mani which is a great price. It's in a quaint little shopping center, there's plenty of parking they take cash and card and right now they are currently doing 10% off pedis if you check in to yelp! :) love this place, will have to come back and try the pedicures.
5	After reading the reviews for this place, I knew I had to try it out. When I walked in everyone was super friendly!! They soaked off my old gel polish while I decided on colors. Turns out I'm really bad at deciding when there are SO many options!  Sovanna recommended a few "fall" options to me and we settled on ombre. She took her time and even when people started streaming in, she never once rushed through it like so many other places do. It was obvious she really cared about how my nails would look once I left. The salon itself is soo cute and very clean. I will definitely return and I highly recommend it. After six years in Arizona I have finally found my place!!
5	Absolutely love this place! Great prices, great staff, nails always look great. I've been getting my nails done for years and this is by far one if the best
5	I absolutely love this place. Everyone is so friendly and they make all of their clients feel special. The salon is IMMACULATE. I really appreciate how clean it is and they sterilize their nail instruments. I also appreciate that they are so gentle and take their time to make your nails look perfect. I had a French gel mani done about 4 weeks ago and it stayed on until I went back yesterday! They also have at least 100 gel nails options and they have a display of the colors and designs to choose from. I recommend this place to everyone that asks about my nail!
4	I tried this salon on Sunday after a friend recommended, and I am so glad she did. The staff here is so attentive, and current on product knowledge and styles. They did an incredible job and I am looking forward to returning. The salon was clean, and had more colors to choose from than most places I have ever been to. I would highly recommend this salon to other friends, and already have!
5	Really blown away by the great service here!  Friendly nail technicians, and the owner is awesome. They really understand how to make it an experience. The lady that did my nails did them perfectly, and the pedicure felt amazing. Eyebrows ended up very even and nice. They go out of their way to ensure you're happy, which is something I've been searching for in a nail salon. Impressed! Also, probably the cleanest nail salon I've ever been to.
5	Today was my first visit and I will most definitely come again. The ladies were super sweet. They let us take our time picking out colors and answered all our questions. They do SO much more with gel polish than other salons around. They do ombre and have a huge selection of colors and designs to choose from!! Next time ill get a mickey mouse design, too cute. Chairs were comfy, the price was reasonable ($65 for gel and the highest priced pedi with paraffin, hot stone), & the service was great too.Would highly recommend :)
5	This is my go to spot!!! This is my second visit here and I'm truly impressed. The quality of service and professionalism of the staff exceeded my expectations; especially on a Saturday morning. Everyone in there is so friendly and helpful. I came for my 9a appt 10 mins late but still they were ready for me. They ask if you want water or coffee (with or without whip!) when you're seated. I say seated because they have a huge selection of regular and gel polish colors to choose from as well as many designs for your nails. I don't mean those same raggedy, outdated designs either. I'm talking about cute, some fancy, carefully painted designs. I love that they have the gel colors on individual sticks and all organized by shade. If you do your fingers one color, chances are they can match your toes (or vice versa) in the gel. And they are so helpful with finding the right shade to match. Their pedicure stations are comfy (even for a fluffy chick like me!), clean and have plastic bag liners in each foot tub that they change after every client, so you know you're not getting someone's foot fungus. Manicure stations are also cleaned with comfy chairs and your tech opens the freshly sterilized bag of tools on front of you. Oh AND all of the mani/pedi stations have phone chargers for you to charge your phone! Genius!!! The waxing room was nicely lit and inviting so you didn't feel like you were waiting for an exam or a shady massage. I had Vee do my eyebrows and she took her time to make sure they came out perfect. The wax was the right temp so I never felt like it burned. She even used tweezers to clean up a few hairs to make it look even. Overall, I was very pleased with my experience here. Like I kind of mentioned, I got a gel mani ($25+5 for ombre design), Express pedi ($15+5 for callus removal) and eyebrow wax ($10) for $60. I think it was a good price considering the great customer service and great quality of the work done. I forgot to say that they were busy yet still on top of things even with 2 ppl calling in sick. Oh and did I mention that the owner/manager (not sure of his title) was in there the whole time keeping the place tidy, making sure all clients were satisfied, etc. Where else do you find that? Make sure you stop in here and see why they get such great reviews!
5	Hello to all!Let me just remind everyone that I am a very picky person and hate spending good money for bad service!No worries at this salon! We had an appointment but got there early and was warmly greeted by Tom.He got us started right away... My husband got a manicure and I had a pedicure.The atmosphere was comfortable and inviting and unlike most  nail shops the employees weren't chatting with each other in their native tongue  instead of doing their jobs.The pedi chairs were very comfy and they lined the spa with plastic... Which Is such a smart thing to do... Not only for the health/germ factor but it keeps the spa looking new.All of the employees made us feel right at home... The water was perfect and they offered us water or coffee... And we are not talking about just any coffee... It was Starbucks coffee which tells me they spend a little more for the comfort and happiness of their clients!It is rare that I am able to really relax during a pedi... I am either distracted by the employees talking or watching to make sure they are doing it to my liking... Not the case here... I could have easily fallen asleep.As my pedi was going on I noticed Tom walking around making sure everything was tidy and that his clients were enjoying their experience .My husbands nails looked great as did my pedi and we both left feeling refreshed and definitely pampered!Will we be back?  You bet we will! And we will share our experience with everyone!In fact I will start getting my nails done here too!If you have read any of my reviews you know I RARELY give 5 stars... But Greenfield nails deserves each star!Keep doing what you are doing because it works!Thank you for a wonderful experience!So... If you are reading this you must be looking to be pampered... Don't walk...RUN!Go now... No time like the present to treat yourself!And remember to live each day as though it were your last and enjoy!
5	Well this is my new favorite. I called at about 4:30 on Valentines Day to see if they could fit me in before they closed. The receptionist, Tom, was very nice on the phone and made me an appointment for 6pm. I got there a couple minutes early and Tom brought me water and made sure everything was awesome, and they started with me maybe 2 minutes after 6. The spa itself is very bright, clean, and updated. It doesn't smell super chemically like some salons, in fact it smells pretty fresh. All the chairs are comfy and new.I was there for a shellac manicure and a pedicure. They have a HUGE selection of shellac colors, and have them all painted on acrylics so you can actually see what they look like. I wish I could remember the name of the girl who worked on my nails, but she KNEW what was up. She asked what I wanted, I said "Ummm..." And she said "ombre?." She knew. She totally knew what she was doing, did exactly what I asked, and communicated super well. I was running short on time, and asked if I could change my pedicure to just a polish change. I was concerned there may be some resentment that I was opting for a lower-priced service, however this place is NOT all about making money like some places that sneak a design on your toes and then tell you it's ten dollars more. They were totally understanding and then time efficient, respectful of my plans but still taking extreme care to do a perfect job on my nails.In the past, at other salons, I've felt that my nails were getting a half-assed job because I wasn't getting acrylics. This is not the case at Greenfield Nails. They took great care of me and my nails now LOOK like acrylics! I'm seriously stoked about them.
5	This place is Awesome!  Love, love, love!  Highly Recommended
5	Wonderful Nail salon! Great service - the girls are wonderful as is the manager. Attention to detail was impressive.
5	Not only is this right next to my house but it also has amazing prices and great service. I had a man doing my acrylics (I forgot his name, my bad) and he was very nice and got the job done quickly and beautifully. Compared to others their prices are very affordable and they do a better job than some of the more "high-end" salons. Now, I just have to get accustomed to texting, typing, and putting in my contacts.
5	I went on a Wednesday after work. Probably will make an appointment in the future. There's a reason they were busy. Nice pedi. Jennifer & Lynn were great. Lots of fun. The chairs work well. I liked that the foot tubs have disposable liners. They have tons of good colors & gels too. I felt like I was hanging out with my girlfriends not a stuffy over-priced spa or a drive thru you-get what you pay for pedi. This place is a hidden gem.
5	Very nice group of ladies!  They were able to get me in on a Thursday evening for a gel manicure and pedicure.  It was my first gel manicure and they did a beautiful job with a gold ombre.  The polish stayed on for almost 2 weeks without chipping. I will be happy to revisit for my future mani/pedi needs.
5	New to the area and looking for my new nail salon. I found it! They have so many colors to choose from and I was encouraged to look at even more they just got in today. The colors are arranged via color palette. Each is swatched onto a fake nail by color and all you have to do is pick one and they do the rest. One color I chose was reacting strangely to my awful home mani with no base coat orange nails and she got up to get a different color but I still liked the original.  I was greeted and offered water right away. The manager was so polite and friendly. I chose a neon pink for my toes. The same she had on. I like that she took the time to talk to me and thanked me for my business. My technician Nikki was so sweet and nice. I like that they talk to you instead of acting like you don't exist. I can't stop staring at my bright neon pink toes. I will be back. My gel mani isn't bad either :)
5	I would highly recommend this nail salon. I used them for a girls' wedding spa party and they did a fabulous job. They are the only nail salon I've ever seen that lines their pedicure tub basins after scrubbing them to make sure people don't get infections. They create amazing designs and they make the customer feel important. I have had multiple nail techs and each one of them is friendly and highly skilled. I showed them a picture of what I wanted on my toes and they recreated it with no problems.
5	Went here based on other yelp reviews, I was not disappointed. Scheduled an appointment for four girls to treat mom on Mother's Day, the service is great. Good selection of gel and regular polish. Clean environment & decent prices. I will definitely be going back.
5	5 stars hands down. Could probably be the best nail salon in Arizona! This is the first place that I've found that has nail technicians that actually speak English well, so it's easy to communicate with them and tell them exactly what you want. Everyone here is super friendly too, esp Lin! She's my new go-to girl because she does an amazing job, and just an overall great person to have a conversation with! The salon is clean and professional, and offers many colors for paint! I get the gel manicure every time and they last me for weeks!!! No chipping. And If they do chip or if you are not satisfied with your nails, you can go back and they will fix them for you free of charge! The designs they can make are beautiful and artsy--I'm always getting compliments on my nails!  Show them a picture and they can re create it, they're extremely talented. Basically...Greenfield Nails is my favorite nail salon!! I recommend it to anyone :)
5	My first time going to this spa and I love it! The customer service exceeded my expectation. It's a far drive, but from the many salon location near where I live I will defiantly take the time to go to this location. My main core in a salon is cleanness and customer service. Kathy was very friendly and knowledgeable about the product along with providing me clear answer to all my question. I would recommend making appointment as they seem to have consistent customer.
5	I chose this place because of the reviews and because it is 5 minutes from my house. Cathy or Kathy did a great job on my gel manicure. I love that the person working the register personally thanked ever single person for leaving a tip like it was for them.  Will definitely be back. Thanks!
5	I totally get why this place is five star. I'm so hesitant to even add to the ones already raving about it because I'm afraid it will be so popular I won't be able to make an appointment!First let me tell you, the people are the real jewels of this place. I have never encountered so many incredibly welcome and friendly people. They are just beyond nice about everything! Everything! I love that!By the way, the best part about this salon is they NEVER speak in another language, ever. It's English the whole time. I cannot begin to tell you how refreshing it is to get your nails done without the paranoia that comes with that BS. The service here is so top notch. I went in and had to have something special done to my nails and they did it so well that I couldn't believe it was a fill! They looked brand new! David, who of course is all mine, is a magician! I normally like the same person to do both my hands and feet, because if they do hands well it stands to reason...but, David had another appointment and they asked Christina to do my nails. What a funny, bright girl! She had me laughing the whole time! Loved! She's also fabulous at pedicures. My feet looked gorgeous!I'm so happy that I found this place, it's the best I've literally ever had!
5	This place is the BEST! I will not go anywhere else. Everyone is so nice and they are perfectionists. I usually always see Victoria and have never been disappointed. Go here you will love it :)
5	Well, let me just add another 5-star review to the pile.I was a walk-in at 3:30 on a Sunday and despite being *super* busy with appointments they were able to accommodate me after just a short wait.  Not only was the wait short, but the owner? or someone who seemed in charge came over and talked to me not once but TWICE to tell me what was going on and how much longer it would be.  My pedicure tech was Michelle.  She is a new tech and she was AMAZING.  She took her time with each stage of the pedicure.  I had never had hot stones before and I *love them.*  I will have this with every subsequent pedicure here.The prices are amazing, the staff is better than amazing, and as long as I can get an appointment I will never go anywhere else!
5	I decided to give this place a try based off the incredible yelp reviews! And sure enough it was amazing! I had to wait a little bit but was given a exact amount of wait time which is rare! My nail tech did a fantastic job and I will stop my search for a great nail salon!
3	I went in on recommendation of my friends to see Savannah or Victoria. I went trying to decide what type of manicure to have. I have the gel liquid with shellac top coat and color. I was advised, a gel manicure would not be as much. The lady was very informative, and gave me good advice on polish. I did not see one of the ladies recommended as I was originally going to have a gel liquid back fill, that they do not do. I sat with a guy instead. The gel was put on well but he made my nails different lengths. The colored tips were also different sizes and are crooked, as the we're painted at an angle.  I would go again because they were All, so nice and only spoke English. but I would try one of the ladies, originally recommended, to see if the color, tip and length would be better.Update: called the next day and Savannah fixed them. Much better. Not the best I've had but my nails are even.
5	This place is always very friendly and speaks English to each other. The nails designs are wonderful and creative and prices are perfect. I love sovanna! I highly recommend them if you live in the area. I will always come here with girlfriends :)
5	I had been looking for a new nail salon after my old standby switched management and went downhill. Stopped in here based on the great Yelp reviews. Well, I found my new salon.  Everyone was super friendly and had great customer service. My nails looked awesome and really enjoyed my tech, Linh, who is the owner's sister. I especially appreciated how they took off my previous gel manicure gently.  I have been other places where they totally damage my nails. Just made an appointment for Saturday and bringing my Mom.  Looking forward to it!
5	Relocated from Glendale to Gilbert and had been procrastinating finding a new salon out here since I had a spot out in Glendale. Looked into yelp and Greenfield's nail and spa was the top rated on here and let me say yelp wasn't wrong. The staff there is super friendly, mani and pedi is awesome can't complain. Gentlemen walking down the aisle making sure all the customers were doing ok or needed water. Even got eyebrow wax and the young lady did a good job cleaning and re shaping them. Found my new spot
5	I had never been here until now. My best friend scheduled an appointment at 1 for pedis for the both of us. I was a little late and they waited happily and patiently for us both to be there so we could go together! Everyone is SO nice and they all speak amazing English so don't worry about having any mess ups :) love this place and I will definitely be back!!!
5	I have been going to Greenfield for about 6 months now and I just love it!! It's definitely a nail salon that cares about their customers.  They all speak English here and have people of different ethnic backgrounds too. No matter what idea or pic I have from Pintrest,  they always make the time to do exactly what I'm asking for. Christina is awesome and makes it so comfortable to say when I want something a different way and she's super honest (and funny :) )I'm a customer for life!
5	This place is wonderful. So clean and friendly. Each soaking tub has a plastic disposable liner so you know that you are getting a sanitary pedicure every time. Lynn was excellent and really listened to what I was looking for and gave wonderful suggestions on color & design. By far the best pedicure I've had in the valley.
5	Amazing! The minute i walked it i was greeted and Brittany was my nail tech. Let me start by saying that the place is very nice & clean, My nail tech did not pressure me to an upgrade!! They do not speak a different language making you feel uncomfortable, and i will be coming back! I have found my place but do book your appointment because they do get really busy!! Thank you Brittany!
5	I wanted to treat my out of town nieces to some great pedicures, as they don't have anything of the sort where they come from.  Everyone here was great and made it such an exceptional experience for them. Gals here are a blast!
2	A friend and I went there for the first time two days ago! We looked at the reviews on yelp and decided we wanted to try it out. We've been getting manicures and pedicures for years now (too many to count!) so we know what a good pedicure consists of. The shop overall was very clean and we were greeted when we walked into the door. This salon is extremely busy! There was always someone waiting to be helped the whole hour we were in there. I purchased the "Signature" pedicure which is a step up from their basic one. Now I do have a few complains that will prevent me from going into that salon ever again! My heels of my feet on both my friend and I were still rough with dead skin hanging off...this is not okay with me! I've never had that happen before! Also, I picked out a design and when she started doing it, it didnt look like the pictures at all, the nail lady didnt even get nail polish across my whole nail! So, I had her switch colors to just a plain purple. I wasn't going to have her keep trying to create something that obviously she didn't know how to do. When my friend was finished with her toes, the lady didn't even put a top coat on!! I was appauled. I will never be going back there EVER again. It's definitely not worth the money, it's so busy that they try and rush you out of there. I wouldn't even pay $15 for what it was.
5	I have found my new nail salon! Everyone was friendly and made us feel like we've been going there for years. I got a gel manicure and it is one of the best I've ever had. With my pedicure I received a nice massage and a very cute design. Make sure you make an appointment ahead! They are busy, but I loved that they didn't rush us. Actually I would tell you to make sure you have plenty of time when you go they really take care of you. They don't take short cuts.
5	I love this place. They do great nails. Everyone is super nice. I like that they use the plastic liners for the pedi chairs and it's really clean.
5	Finally found a nail salon that is exactly what I want! Clean, nice employees, great prices and service.  They are very busy so I would suggest an appointment.  However they never made us feel rushed.  A week later my sister's gel nails still look great.
5	This place is awesome! I will definitely be coming here from now on! The attention to detail here is superb. My advice is to make an appointment because they are so good everyone is coming here! The two ladies that gave my niece and I our pedicures were very friendly and very personable! The one lady's name that did mine was Britney and I recommend her! I wish I could remember the lady that did my nieces pedi because I recommend her too!
5	I came in for a mani/pedi with my guy friend. The place was very nice and service was excellent. I don't live here in AZ but I'll be coming back when I do. Awesome service!
5	Great service, nice ambiance, it's CLEAN and I've always loved my gel nails and pedicure.Make sure you make an appointment ~ I'm not the only one that thinks highly of this place !
5	I have been going to this nail salon for almost 2 years now.  I LOVE IT.  Brandon (the only man there) is the only one I will allow to do my nails (as I have had people try and sway me I will not budge).  I always call a day ahead of time to get in the next day without fail!  Pedicure chairs are the best!  Very clean (as they put liners in the bottom).
4	Everyone was very friendly and I made an appt due to them always being pretty busy. They asked if I wanted some water which was nice. The lady who did my nails did a wonderful job but very quiet. I prefer someone just a little talky. My nails are beautiful. As I was leaving, I asked if they did nail art. I'm a big game of thrones fan and want some weir wood trees painted on my nails that I saw on Pinterest. They look awesome. He said they could do it so I'm getting it next time!
5	Hello Arizonians!I thought it time to give ya'all the 6 month update...Anyone could have one good experience but are they consistent?The answer is ... YES!!!I am now a "regular"!When I come in every other Saturday I am greeted by name... By everyone!I have my gel mani's done by David who always has a smile for me.We chat, we laugh and it is just fun and relaxing!I have met many wonderful people and have even made friendships with other customers.Kathy does my pedis and she is very sweet and pays special attention to the areas I need.Tom is still always walking around making sure everyone is enjoying themselves.It feels like "Cheers" ... Where everybody knows your name! LolIf you have been here before, I am sure you are now regular... If you haven't tried them yet... No time like the present!Go, enjoy ... Get your toes pampered... Get a mani... You can even get your brows done...So many ways to be pampered here!Hope to see you there!Until then... Take time to pamper yourself...You only live once!
5	Love this place such great staff And so clean! They are so accommodating and do an amazing job!
5	I had a FABULOUS experience!  The staff was not only friendly, but did a wonderful job with my pedicure. Their prices are extremely affordable!
5	My new favorite close to home. The salon gets busy so make an appointment. The owner is usually visible, helping out to keep things running and VERY attentive.
1	Don't bother going to this place unless you have made an appointment. Though it says Walk ins are welcome. They are really not. We went in on a Thursday at about 10:30 am for a couple of pedicures. Would not have minded waiting 20-30 mins or so as is expected with a walk in appointment. We were told they could not take us until at least 2:00.  Plenty of people working in this place, so why book ALL of your employees to take appointments? If you take walk ins, then one would think that you would leave a few open spots for people who actually WALK IN. Went someplace else and won't go back.
1	I took a group in to get pedicures a few months ago and we were not pleased. I found it on Yelp and picked it because it had good reviews. We had reservations but still had to wait a long time after our reservation time. The place was the most toxic smelling nail salon I have ever been to- we almost didn't stay due to the smell. The pedicures were variable in quality depending in who we got. I wouldn't recommend this place, and I will not go back.
5	I travel a lot, move a lot, and hands down this is the best spot! The staff is charming and they're always busy so schedule an appointment. Best part of this salon is the 100 + gel colors they offer!! I'll be returning till I'm living in another state, this is my go to nail salon.
5	$20 for a spa pedicure that isn't rushed, cheerful staff, friendly and a nice environment.  You do need to have an appointment, even though they say walk ins welcome, they are always busy.   If you call early in the day you should be able to get in.  They do a great job on designs! I have gone other places and always wish I went to greenfield.
5	Very good, lots of gel nail selections. No matter how busy they are they will fit you in!
5	This is honestly the best place to go! I drive a half hour to come here! I have been to so many other nail salons and they just do not compare!! Great selection of colors, the staff makes you feel so welcome! They do everything they can, to fit everyone in! But, make an appointment! My pedicures last longer as well!! Not a single complaint!!! :)
5	This is the third salon I have tried since moving to Gilbert and it is by far the best!  I am impressed by their service, their color selection and their cleanliness!  Each pedicure gets a plastic tub liner...it doesn't get much better than that!  I will recommend it and return on a regular basis!  I also got a fill and was thrilled that Cece pushed my cuticles back.  Next time I plan on trying an eyebrow wax!
5	I've been going to a  local place near my house and I've never been overly happy with the outcome so i thought I'd look up a place on yelp.  As always yelp has steered me in the right direction.  Just had a pedi done with Brittany.  She did an amazing job.  I'll def be back. She really takes the time to make sure sure you're happy.  5 star treatment!  Thanks Brittany!
5	Went with my daughter,  it was out first visit there and we will be back.  Great work ands the ladies had us laughing the whole time!
5	I just moved here for my job and needed a place to get a gel mani and a pedicure before I started my new job! I yelped (of course) and got this place. Hands down the best service I have ever had. As suggested, I called and made an appointment. I did not wait long and all the people in there were awesome. Courtney did my feet and Lynn did my nails and I am in love! I am a regular French (I mean every time) and Lynn offered me some suggestions (not pushy at all). I am not picky but I let her know what I liked and was not okay with and she and Courtney did such a great job! I drove about 20 minutes to get here but will not be going somewhere else! Prices are so great!!! For European pedicure and gel nails, it was $45 but I also love to tip very well!!! Especially since my toes and nails look great!!
5	They are for the most part very kind and hospitable and they all speak English!  Their callous treatments are great.  They always have cold bottled water.  I often see the owner in the shop cleaning the foot spas and they take great pride in keeping thing as clean.  they take a while to do pedicures, which is very much appreciated, because I want it done right and want to feel relaxed.  The designs they draw are pretty good.  Besides having an awesome pedicure, and best of all, I like that I feel welcome and am able to relax.  I've been coming to this salon since they changed owners a while back (about 2 years or so).  They are usually busy, so appointments help but aren't necessary.  I don't go anywhere else. This place is great!
2	I wanted to like them - I read the other reviews and wanted this place to be my new nail place, unfortunately, they just didn't impress. I did really like my pedicure - nothing extraordinary but well done, the nails on the other hand - not great. I just got an acrylic fill and I had two broken nails - the cost was way out of line - $75 for both - the fill should not have been more than $20-25 so if the pedicure was $50+ then that is just wrong. I felt fine with the fill at the time it was done but noticed during the next few days that it just wasn't all even - it was like each nail was good - but the didn't match each other. Ah well, the search goes on for a nail place that has it all...
5	Greenfield is a terrific place. Valerie gave me a wonderful and soothing pedicure, the foot/leg massage was great.  Savannah did my gel manicure, great job also, very caring, perfect!  This is the first time I had an ombre manicure, it looks great.  This salon is clean, the staff are friendly and I would recommend it to all.
2	I hate giving bad reviews especially since the first time I came here, I had a wonderful experience.  The second time though, is the reason this review only gets two stars.  I went in for gel nails and a pedicure.  The gel nails looked fabulous afterwards, which is part of the reason they are getting two stars.  The pedicure was the problem.  My feet are very sensitive and almost always needs to have the callus treatment done during a pedicure.  They used what I call a cheese grater, which I'm sure has a different name at the nail salon.  As they continued to "grate" one of my calluses, I noticed my foot was beginning to get really sensitive and turning bright red.  She was very rough as she was trying to remove the callus, which is next to impossible...I'll always have calluses.  The nails looked great but after a couple of days I noticed the area was still super sensitive and I was starting to get a blister over the callus.  Long story short, the blister turned into two small blisters, and then back into a big blister, that ended up getting infected.  Since my regular doctor was closed, I had to go to urgent care to have them tell me that it was indeed infected...obviously I already knew that.  They also gave me some antibiotic pills to help the infection.  I feel as though just smoothing it would have been better than what she was trying to do.  Needless to say, I won't be returning to this establishment and will find another place that will cater to my "special" feet.
1	Went to Yelp to find a nail salon for a pedicure. Found this place & did the check in.  Walked in and was asked if I had an appointment rudely. Was told to wait for the manager. She walks up and tells me that she needs to check on something & never returns. I walked out.  There's a nail salon on every corner here. Needless to say, I Would NEVER return. Poor customer service.
5	This is right in my neighborhood and I have been driving right past it for years to go to various other salons.  Tried this on a day where I didn't want to have to drive to South Chandler to follow one of my favorite techs that transferred to a new shop.  Wow!!!  Was I ever surprised at the friendliness of all the nail techs and  the cleanliness of the salon.  This is a class act---all of the employees are friendly, they all speak English and actually have conversations "with" you --not about you in a different language.  Love the friendly banter and the family feel you get here.  Brought my daughter as well, and this is our new sole location to get our mani/pedis.  Victoria does the best french gels ever--David gives a good solid massage and is very attentive to pedicures.  My daughter loves Brittany for her pedis.  The owner Tom is very conscientious of the salon and they all conduct themselves as true professionals.  Can you tell I love it here?  Cannot express how pleased I am with all the great service we have received since we started coming here.  Great job Greenfield Nails!
5	I have been a loyal customer of another local nail salon for years, but they recently changed ownership and my two favorite nail ladies left the salon. Since all of the organizational changes, the salon hasn't been the same so I have been in search of a new nail salon. Based on a recommendation from a very discerning friend, I decided to give Greenfield nails a try. I booked an appointment with David for a fill and gel nail design and I am so happy with the results. David worked quickly and skillfully, asking questions along the way to ensure he understood how I wanted my nails to look. He was very detail oriented, down to the size of the glitter in the nail polish. My nails turned out perfectly, even better than the picture I brought in for reference. It was readily apparent that this is a quality operation - the salon was very busy, it was spotless and all of the nail techs were friendly and well spoken. I highly recommend greenfield nails! Also - as luck would have it, one of my favorite techs from the salon I used to go to (Cecilia) is now working there! Even more reason to love this place. I found my new home for nails!
