4	I really enjoyed Oregano's. The pizza is great. One of the better pizzas I have had. I visited this Oregano's twice while I stayed in Mesa in January. I highly recommend the bistro classic pizza, the pesto penne bake and the  pizza cookie for dessert.Service was god and I did not have to wait for a table at this location. Both visits were after 8 PM.
4	The only reason that Oregano's did not get 5 stars from me is because they are pretty slow. I am not sure if it takes longer for them to make my pizza, but it usually take about 45 minutes for you food to come out. Also, they are generally pretty busy. However, worth the wait. The pizza I get is a thin crust with bacon, spicy sausage, pepperoni, and the spicy feta cheese. I love this combination. I really want to branch out and try others, but at the same time it is always a winner. Their fried potato appetizer is also pretty good. Which, is simply just criss-cut fries. I recommend this place. A while back I had a friend visiting and we were talking about things that he wanted to do and he mentioned that the last time he was in Arizona he went o this really good pizza place. That place is Oregano's. I have been to the Tempe location as well. However, I did not get to eat there since it was over an hour wait and I was starving. ( side not= the Tempe location is really really really small)
5	I love coming here.  Not only is the Chicago style Italian food great, the staff is always outstanding!  They actually take time to get to know the guests-That is how you are treated -as guests not just customers.  they are on top of their game and I have never had anything less than great service.  Especially Austin and Paige at the Bar!Since it is close to where I live, I get to go fairly often.  The swervers know me and my partner pretty well.We usually get the same things too because they are terrific.  The ceasar  sald is a good portion to share while you wait for your pizza slice, spinach and onion for me and peperoni with extra sauce for my BF.  Sometimes I will get the Turkey stuffed-which is how you'll feel if you eat the whole thing along with it's yummy cottage fries.  I like dipping them in the incredibly hot wing sauce.  They warn me about it everytime and my guts hate it but my mouth loves it!!!They are also famous for their "pizzookie", although it is called something else.  It is a rich decadant cookie with ice cream and chocolate sauce.  I am always too full to try it, but I see alot of them going out to other tables.  So it must be pretty darn good.There are several locations through out the valley so chances are ther is one nearby.
4	I been to five different Oregano's in the Valley and although I've had bizarre experiences at three of them, some of it was due to the company I was with and not the actual restaurant itself.As a native northeasterner who appreciates traditional NY style Neopolitan pizza, I'm not a big thick crust/pan pizza guy. Oregano's pan pizza is different though.Their smallest pie can fill up two people and unlike Pizza Hut (not that I actually eat there), the crust is never greasy and with topping choices like cajun chicken or sundried tomatoes, who can complain? Their house salad is great with lettuce options more exotic than your standard iceberg and excellent dressings. Chicken wings are also very good with a mustard flavor that tastes a lot better than it sounds. Most customers hate surprises. At Oregano's they avoid surprises by telling you the wait time for a table or that pan pizzas take 35-40 minutes to cook.I was at the Mesa restaurant on a weekday and our pizza was taking forever. We began dozing off at the table when our server came to us and told us the cooks forgot about us and there will be no charge for the whole meal (including salad we ate earlier) and did we still want to eat the pizza here or take it to go?It was after 11 pm on a Wed. Following that a manager came to us and told us how he felt when a restaurant when he's in a restaurant and things go wrong and how he reacts to the staff (keep in mind we never complained or even asked about when our pizza was coming). He gives his apologies and tells us a desert cookie will be made for us while our pizza is being finished. That was also going to be free. After eating our pizza and sharing the only desert they serve (a large homemade cookie served in the pan it was cooked in with lumps of ice cream on top) we tried to leave a tip on our zero balance bill that the waitress didn't even seem interested in accepting. Despite the wait, it was a pleasant experience that someone could realize something was wrong and do something about it without you having to tell them. I've also eaten at the North Scotts location, Old Town, Camelback and University in Tempe. All are pretty standard in quality.If I have some criticism it is that I like my pizza toppings on top of my pizza. At Oreganos they go under the cheese, which makes it hard to get crispy. This sometimes prevents me from ordering meats like pepperoni or ground beef. That's okay though, because I like the vegetable options too. Also, I've waited nearly an hour on multiple occasions at the Mesa location to get a pan pizza. Other locations are usually closer to their 35 minute estimation.
4	I've been wanting to try Organo's for a while now, as I love a good pizza.  My friend and I hit this place on a Sunday afternoon, hoping to grab a good bite to eat.Upon entering, I liked how the location was set up.  We were told there would be a wait for a table inside, or we could sit immediately outside or at the bar.  We really wanted a table, so we waited in the lobby area.  About 10 minutes later, we were escorted to a nice booth.We reviewed the menu, which had a huge selection of not only pizza, but pastas and subs as well.  Quite an impressive selection.  We couldn't decide on a pizza to split, so we each got our own dish.  My friend got the Ravioli, and I got a steak n cheese sub.  The portions were huge!  Plus, there was not a tremendous wait for it either.Anyways, I really liked this place, and would return to eat thier food again.
5	I met one of my best friends here... she was a server and she would just up and chat like we'd been friends forever, that is how the staff is.  I became a regular for lunch since I worked right down the street.. Phenomenal food, great atmosphere.. don't work down there street anymore and don't get there as often as I'd like.. Pizza Cookie.. one word: AMAZING!!!
5	I don't hand out the 5s very often on Yelp or elsewhere. We had 2 pizzas: thin crust cheese and thin crust pep/onion. Both were terrific. I picked them up to eat at home. They were hot and ready on time. The place was packed at 7:30 on Saturday night. Fast service at the cashier. I am a pizza lover from Chicago - and I generally go with the deep stuff but went thin for the rest of the family. Crust was light and crunch and the taste was a great balance between the sauce and the cheeses. Toppings were fresh and tasty. Don't miss this great pizza!
3	Everyone one in town is ranting about oregano's and how it's the best Italian food in town.  Yesterday was my first time dining at oregano's with a group of church people and wasn't impressed.  First thing I do when I go to a restaurant is take a look in the bathroom.  As I walk across the threshold of the bathroom door.  A great breeze of old, milky, soggy urine smell just went up my nostrils.  What a great first impression huh?  Well after sniffing of the urine breeze experience I was wondering how a manager can keep a restroom so dirty like that.  Well my hands are washed and starving to death.  The waitress was very attentive of me and ask me what I wanted to drink as I sat down.  Of course I always get the free H2O and I just ordered the meatball sandwich (took some advice from a friend) and one of good friends ordered the calamari.My friends calamari came out before my dish came out.  The calamari looked a bit weird shaped (like a cheeto puffs) and I kept looking at it.  My friend offered me one and I accepted.  GROSS!! What was this I was tasting? Processed meat.... that's all I have to say.  Nothing remotely resembling calamari.  After that experience my food came up and just by the appearance of it.  The meatballs were dry, and I was right.  Nasty calamari and dry meatballs... What a great combination.Next time maybe I'll try the pizza as people are ranting about it on yelp.
1	Just when it looked like a normal parking lot I drove back and found a plethora of open parking spots... but then they all said reserved for such and such business (not Oreganos).  They managed to do it again - find a location with inadequate parking, except this one's in mesa.  Restaurant size was better than the others, but it is plagued with Millennial college kids from across the street.  Food & menu are no different than the other locations as far as I can tell, and thankfully I was in and out rather quickly with my 2 slices and Hefe-Weizen.  Service was a little slow which is frustrating when you're at the bar and you see the bartender having personal conversations with other staff.
5	So far my favorite pizza bistro! Love the music, the whole wheat pizza crust and the service. The main problem is that it gets really crowded Friday night. That's why I suggest to stop by any other day of the week and even try to make reservations if you are a group. I always sneak to the bar and enjoy the meal. Ingredients are really good in taste. I have tried also their salads and I'm waiting to try their pasta or other offers...but, any time we go, we end up always ordering a delicious pizza!
5	I get a craving to come here about every other week.  Their food is consistently fantastic, even with their large, diverse menu.  The pizzas are fresh and unusual (Grandma G's Rosemary Chicken Potato ... potatoes?  On PIZZA?  Who would have guessed that would be so fantastic?).  The pasta is full of garlic and flavor.  The wings are crispy and perfect.  The sandwiches are huge and tasty.  I could go on.  I've never had anything there that wasn't terrific!Now, since the food is so good and the atmosphere so fun, and since everyone KNOWS that (due to reviews like the one you're reading now), be prepared to wait.  If you get there around 7:00 any given night, you should be prepared to wait about a half hour.  If you arrive at the same time on a weekend night, your wait could be over an hour.  Parking at the Tempe and Old Town Scottsdale locations is tight (as the Phoenix area tries to grow up and become a real city, this is inevitable, and will be more and more common), but it's better at the Mesa and Gilbert spots.  And since the food is fresh, you naturally have to wait longer for food that takes longer to prepare, such as the wings or the deep dish pizzas.Okay, you've been warned.  Believe me (and I'm one of Earth's least patient people), the wait will be worth it.
5	First of all, the only two bad things about this place are the parking and the wait. But with food this good, who cares??? I like to try something different most times and everything I've tried has been fantastic! Go with friends so you can try lots of things. Start with the KickBUTT Garlic Bread with cheese. I could just eat this! For salads, my favorite is the Vino Bambino...salad, pasta, beans, chicken, cheese, onions, red peppers. Just YUM! For the pasta, Pesto Penne Bake is at least two meals! It comes in a huge bread bowl that is so tasty itself. The Big Rig Pasta is also a huge hit. The different pizzas are also fantastic, but if you are going to go with a pizza-ish thing, go with the Ozone Calzone. So melty and cheesy and just so freaking good! Go with my favorite drink, the Bellini! A tasty frozen mix of champagne, peaches, raspberries and all sorts of other tasty stuff! They limit you to two, but it's worth it. Lucky I'm withing walking distance! YOU MUST YOU MUST YOU MUST!!! Finish your meal with their Pizza Cookie. You can choose chocolate chip, peanut butter or white chocolate macadamia nut. We usually get half peanut butter/half chocolate chip. Ooey, gooey, hot, ice creamy goodness!! The service is always fantastic as well! My friends and I had the displeasure of going last year once when their A/C was out. In July. Despite the fact that everyone was miserable, the staff still had great spirits and was right on the ball with everything. So much so that I felt the need to send in a positive letter about the staff despite us being miserable.Go, eat, drink, LOVE IT!
3	Here's the thing - Oregano's has a cute marketing campaign and full restaurants. I guess their food is pretty good, but off the top of my head I can think of 15 other restaurants with better pizza. However, it has become my go-to place for out-of-town guests. I do not understand why, but I have yet to take a non-AZ friend there who has not gone crazy for Oreganos.I like the Mesa restaurant because it is the only location that does not have huge weight times. In fact, one night I took a friend there and it was almost empty! Whatever location you choose, save room for the cookie dessert. Your guests will love it.
5	When this food touches your tonge you will be in heaven food taste so great you won't be able to name another Italian restaurant, portions are big enough to share or to take home and belive me this is food you won't let go bad in the fridge it even taste great reheated oh servers are always full of energy and very nice, this is a chain restaurant but everyone is consistent and it taste the same from one restaurant to the next iv been in 4 different ones across Arizona they were all the same
3	Oreganoes? My second visit to the Mesa restaurant. Guess what? Chicken but I like it. It's not great; it's kinda fun but not like a merry-go-round kinda fun (that's like one of the bests next to roller coasters! Oh emm gee!). It also has a fairly horrific... I mean fairly terrific patio and a good patio goes a long *insert expletive* way. For whatever reason, maybe something to do with the damp dark basement I had to eat my dinners alone in as a wee lad after spilling a gallon of paint on the garage floor (I did it quite often. It made the garage prettier.), I would prefer to eat at a patio table over a table inside any day of the year, even an August in Phoenix metro area or a rainy day (if it's covered). This one in Mesa is covered even though the two times I've been there the weather was beautifully moderate. Another wonderful  thing about patios is... that in civilized places you can smoke however, this is Mesa. It does have a fire pit though for those cold nights when the company you're with isn't quite warm enough.This second visit of mine I met a few friends from school who were devouring a 's-wonderful thin crusted pizza topped 's-marvelous bits of mushrooms and smothered in a 's-awful-ly nice blanket of cheese. Tasty (without and exclamation mark). The food that I've tried is fairly mediocre; not bad but not great. I mostly had a couple of Kilt Lifters while they ate their delectably edible giant frisbee. The first time I went was with a few friends and this one dwarfish guy that reminds me of sharp pointy things and dull wit but mostly I was able to ignore Gimli because of the scrumptious Turkey Stuffed. Ordering from the menu was a bit of a sensory overload, though. That menu has stuff going on! Over here and over there and don't forget this just passed that. Egads! The service was fair and friendly both times and the food was brought out in a timely fashion. And this most recent time we were cursin' up a storm too. It was like a brothel full of sailors on the patio that afternoon which I think the Mormon family next to us appreciated more than we did. The food = mehThe patio and service = pretty good. Look! it's my first A-OK.
5	I love everything about Oregano's!  My first experience was in Flagstaff with a location being right off NAU's campus, and I was thrilled more started to open up in the valley.  There is one in Mesa, now, very close to me, and the ambiance remains the same.  I love the vintage decoration, the music, usually Ella Fitzgerald and other jazz icons, and the FOOD!  All the appetizers are amazing, especially the Boom Dip.  My favorite pizza is the O-Riva.  And passing up the Pizzookie (pizza cookie) is out of the question, get your friends to dive into this amazing desert.  Also the bellinis are outstanding!  Enjoy your experience here, you will fall in love! Have patience at the smaller locations, usually there will be a wait.
3	Came here for lunch today. I guess I got it confused with Oregano's Wood Fire Pizza that I had back home in Los Altos, CA. The food portions are unusually big (my friend got a junior sized salad that was probably as big as our pasta portion!) The penne pasta bake looked good. Bollo pasta was all you can eat, but my friend couldn't eat even one bowl. Three of us got the 6 inch ravioli and they weren't kidding about the size. It was good, but sooo big that I just kind of got sick from all the pasta and cheese after eating about half. I ended up eating about 3/4 of it. Their menus are just as big as their food portions, it was like 3 feet by 3 feet once you unfolded it!
5	They serve sweet potatoe fries here! Don't let their name throw you because they have sandwiches and subs. Their pizzas are pricier than most local pizzerias because they make it when you order it. I don't recommend getting the pizza unless you want to wait awhile. Their sandwiches are good and less expensive compared to their pizza.
3	Oregano's doesn't thrill me, but I keep going back since it's the only reasonably priced option for pasta in this area.The service is always good, even when the restaurant and bar are packed. I've even had a server quickly turn an eat-in order into a takeout order (due to an emergency call) without blinking an eye. The wait can be quite long no matter the hour or location, so go completely outside of meal hours or expect to stand around in a parking lot.The food isn't that great. The thin crust pizza is typically overcooked. The baked pasta is just so-so and too generously portioned, always baked with too much cheese. The marinara sauce is overly seasoned, perhaps in homage to their consistently over-the-top style. I do like their meatballs, which unfortunately are bigger than a child's fist. The meatball sandwich suffers from too much cheese (none would be a good amount), but tastes good.I think my general malaise regarding Oreganos has to do with their menu. It is ridiculously large both in terms of size and options, most of which do not appeal to me. Everything seems too big, too complicated, too daunting, too smothered. If I had to build my preferred meal, it would be a half of a junior sized Mediterranean salad, one meatball, and a side of sweet potato fries. Knowing that I'll probably go back, I'll try to order it.
4	Always great pizza when you have the cash. Can be pricey depending on how many toppings. Usually order takeout because this location is always so packed.
5	The food was outstanding. The people who work there are so nice and accomodating. Everybody was very friendly. I highly recommend going there.
3	Ok first off I would like to say I've been to the one on Scottsdale Rd and was super satisfied, therefore my expectations may have been high already. With that said, my boyfriend and i ordered to-go and everything was absolutely perfect till we sat down to eat. It was soooooo...ICKY, for lack of better words. We ordered the calamari, Alfredo the dark, and the bbq pizza. The calamari tasted like it had been fried in bad dirty oil, the pasta was just pretty much tasteless.....like REALLY tasteless, and the thin crust pizza was soggy and had way too much oregano or parsley or whatever that herb crap was that was DUMPED on top. Needless to say, i don't permit myself to eat a ton of carbs so when i do get that ONE DAY A WEEK, I hope for it to be phenomenal but will settle for edible.....and that stuff was not.Ok so since my rating of one star, I have decided to go back and change my opinion and here is why. About two days after my post, the manager contacted me via email in an attempt to make it right. I don't see myself taking him up on his offer ( a gift card to Oregano's) but the fact he expressed concern and legitimately wanted to fix the problem says alot about their willingness to correct any mishap you may have.  Sooooo with that said i give them three stars, not the best food but great customer relations.
5	Oregano's is always a great place to eat!  I bring everyone here that comes from out of town who hasn't eaten here.  They have fabulous pastas and pizza's, salads etc.  We always look forward to eating their pizza cookies... big cookie with vanilla ice cream on top.  Couldn't ask for anything better.  They have seating outside and inside and you also have the option of eating at the bar which is quicker.  We always ,have great service although some of their pizzas etc take a little longer to cook.  Sometimes when you are with a preschooler it's hard to wait.  We come here every now and then because it's very hard to get seated right away because they are always so packed and don't take reservations.  We live closer to the Tempe location, but sometimes go to the Mesa one because it's a shorter wait.
4	At Oregano's, you will hear that same Louis Prima song on repeat during your entire dining experience, but at least you'll get good service. Actually, I pretty much love Oregano's for their Aunt Shirley's Gorgonzola pizza an order of their nice, meaty wings with mixed sauce.  Oregano's is one of the only places I've been to that allows you to mix their wing sauces.  I love the Italian Gold wings there, a little sweet, honey-ish, salted perfectly, but I also like the Wings of Fire, the hottest selection there.  But get this, if you ask them, they'll mix the two sauces together, so you get this awesome giant, meaty wing covered in this brilliant sweet and spicy sauce.  It's sort of like sex but only a chicken wing. I feel like I hear people bitch about the price a lot but to me, it's pretty much perfect for what you get.  It's a littler pricier than a place like Streets of New York, but the service and food is better, it's a little less than somewhere like Pizzeria Bianco or Le Grande Orange, but again, it's a little less, you know, delicious as those places.  It's also a great place to take out of town folk since it's a local chain, yet always consistent and generally there is something everyone will like.Personally, I don't mind the long waits for a table on the weekends.  Once, I brought an uncle and cousin I hadn't seen in years there and it was actually sort of nice grabbing beers from the bar and catching up while we waited for our table.  In any dining setting, I doubt mind waiting as long as something delivers. Which the place does.  If you can handle the Louis Prima.
4	BBQ Chicken Pizza and Spinach dip is to die for!
4	Mmmmmmm what can I say about awesome cheese bread and palate tingling marinara.
5	This place is one of my favorites EVER. Come here all the time. Awesome, friendly service always. My favorites to eat are: Alfredo the Dark, Sweet potato fries (w/ the aioli, it's BOMB), boom dip, big-rig pasta, pesto penne, and their garlic bread. OH and OF COURSE the white chocolate chip macadamia nut pizza cookies are a must. Seriously. You can't come here and not try one.
5	The pizza here is like what I used to have at Giordano's in Chicago. This is the heir apparent. The cheese is great, the sauce incredible, and a great crust. This was my birthday dinner, and will be for years to come.
3	I'm a little iffy about my true feelings for Oreganos, so as of right now they get three stars. I plan to give them another shot and dine in, since the order i got was to-go. Anywho, stopped in here and we checked out the menu ordered an order of the golden wings ( I believe they are called) hot/sweet flavor... these were very good. Also some on the meatiest wings I have ever had to be honest, hormone injected wings up in this joint is what you will get and they are very tasty. the boyfriend ordered the lasagna and the girl told us it would take 45 min alone for the lasagna..luckily we had a few errands to run so it was cool to come back and get our food but i  think that would have sucked if we had been eating there and having to wait ( especially if you were starving). Then again it's nice to know its cooked fresh. I had the Pesto pasta which came in a nice scooped out bread bowl with my choice of meat.. I got the Italian sausage. Everything was o.k, I went with high expectations and was let down a little, will try one of their pizzas next maybe that's the winner dish to have here..p.s staff is very helpful/friendly and it is a nice atmosphere inside and out on the patio as well.
4	Oregano's is great. Besides the typical longer wait time I have nothing negative to say about this place. Everything from the atmosphere to the pazookie is awesome. My favorite dinner combo is the antipasto salad, bistro pizza and top everything off with a half chocolate chip-half macadamia nut pazookie. Try it,  you wont be disappointed!
3	This place is always ridiculously busy.  Their food, pretty good, but due to the wait that is usually involved I usually steer clear of this place.  We went here very early (~4 PM) for our large party to get seated and there wasn't too much of a wait, but if I have to always go here at 4 to be seated without a really long wait, there's no way I would eat here.  We had an appetizer, pizza, and dessert.  The appetizer was the GuacaTony, which was amazing.  It had a very large portion of fresh guacamole with perfectly crispy cheesy pizza/flatbread to eat it with.  I also had some of the toasted ravioli which was nicely breaded and toasty, with a bit of spicy kick to it.  I wasn't too impressed with the pizza though.  We had ordered a pizza on the thin crust wheat, and it looked like a bunch of pizza toppings placed on a large, circular cracker.  The wheat crust was not very flavorful and was burnt in a few areas.  The pizza cookie was rich, decadent, and delicious, although I highly recommend sharing this with at least 2 other people.
3	Great Italian place for the price.  I had their BiGRiG pasta bowl with wheat rigatoni, the consistency of the pasta and flavor of the sauce were pretty good but I still had to flavor it up with spice and herbs, not what I was expecting for something that says it was supposedly to be spicy.  I ordered a side sausage and must say it was the highlight of the entree, perfectly crisp outside and superb flavor.A good place if in the area for Italian food but I wouldn't say somewhere that one would go out of their way for, chain restaraunts usually aren't.
4	Sweet baby Jesus! I am carrying the most massive food baby right now. My husband was craving pasta so I researched some new places we could go to get some. Oregano's seemed to be a big hit so we settled on this place for dinner tonight. Let me tell you... no matter how hard you try, you will not leave here hungry. There was no wait for a table and we got to sit out on the patio. It was so nice outside tonight and the misters were going. It was very enjoyable. Our server was very friendly and fast. I like that the drink glasses are gigantic. Usually my husband and I drink water faster than it can be poured but these were so huge we only needed one refill the entire meal, and even before the glass was empty our server picked them up to get refilled. Points for that. I hate empty water glasses. We decided on the boom dip to start. It was good, nice chunks of spinach and artichokes, but it was extremely oily. It sits too heavy in my belly. This alone almost filled me up, so I can see someone making a meal out of just an appetizer. I decided on the big rig pasta and my husband got the alfredo. The portions were so huge! But his was not that good. Sort of bland. I was expecting it to be a lot creamier and have a more spicy flavor. Mine was really good though. It wasn't too spicy, but I was expecting more of a kick, and it had a nice creamy sauce. Pretty much by the time our pasta was in front of us I was full from the dip so I ate a few bites and had it packed up to go. I definitely have lunches for the next two days. By this point we were both so full it hurt, so we ordered the pizza cookie to go so we could eat it at home. Which was the perfect amount of time to start digesting some food. In the 30 minutes it took to bake it, pay, drive back home, and get inside I was already ready to eat it. So we sat on the couch and devoured the entire thing in less than five minutes. Food baby number two of the night.I really liked the food here. You get ginormous portions so you are more than likely always going to take food home. It wasn't too expensive. $35 for the two of us for one appetizer, two pastas, and desert. I think next time we will nix the appetizer and just go with dinner. But the pizza cookie is definitely worth getting at least once. I may not come back right away but I'll definitely be visiting again.
5	My kids love the meatballs and the service is AMAZING  Worth the wait!
3	I am a big fan of the stuffed mushrooms! Had some pasta meals that where not all that great though.
3	This used to be one of our favorite places.  However, on a recent visit, the sausage was full of gristle, not fun to eat and I am not picky.  The pepperoni pizza was good although all the food is much too salty.  Wings are still great.
4	While visiting Arizona, this is where we decided to go for dinner one night.Boy, was I in for treat.Things of note:1) Memorabilia from the 50s, 60s or whenever it was people thought they were cool, plastered all all over the place.2) The misters outside. No, not men. Those things that spray mist. See, I thought the word mister was funny to describe those machines.3) The patio, it's nice out there when the heat isn't too dry. The misters do their job; the patio is awesome, especially at night.Things that were awesome:1) The service. Our waiter Kris was friendly, attentive, but not hovering. All smiles and did not begrudge us anything.2) The Pizza Cookie! This was one of the best desserts I've had in long time. 3 scoops of ice cream on a freshly baked cookie the size of a small plate. Big O on a plate! I wish they had the Choco Macadamia, but all they had was Choco Chip. It wasn't what we wanted, but we devoured it like hyenas to fresh kill. MMMMM.I had the Pesto Pasta Bowl, complete with the edible bread bowl. That was mighty wonderful, and plentiful. My friends devoured an all-meat pizza and my friend, he sucked down a plate of wings like a Hoover to a carpet, with a mess of red sauce on his fingers and his mouth. Lovely pic. Pollack couldn't have done a better job.This was a wonderful venture. I begged them that we go back, but alas, we never had the time. I need to go back. We don't have this in SoCal. I wanna go back! I wanna go back! I wanna try more stuff!
4	Some of the things on the menu are strange... But I've liked everything I ordered both times I've been.  Adventurous and boring (like myself) italian food lovers alike will find something they will enjoy.  The waitresses are hot so thats a plus too haha.  And one more thing PIZZA COOKIE.
4	I'm a big fan of the Oregano's and most frequently visit the University Drive location (review: http://www.yelp.com/biz/oreganos-pizza-bistro-tempe#hrid:8voZ-Ol5ovGYBkkQDjREkQ)This location has more spacious parking and a larger, covered waiting area, both of which are nice. We visited at off-peak hours, so I can't say whether this location gets busy during dinner like the University Dr restaurant. The food was excellent here. We tried a thin crust pizza with applewood bacon and pepperocinis. This was one of the single best pizza's I have had. For dessert we ordered the half macadamia nut, half chocolate chip pizza cookie. There were a few idiosyncrasies on this visit, however. Our pizza took a long time to arrive and came with added pepperoni by mistake, but we were happy to have it. We ordered a pizza cookie and the first one came too burnt to eat. Our server brought it just in case, but had already placed an order for another one. This lead us to have to wait a long time, but we were happy to get a properly cooked dessert and the item was taken off of our bill. The wait staff were friendly and efficient throughout, although I wonder if there are some problems or in-training staff in the kitchen based on our experience.
4	Good food, great service. I love when places emphasise excellent customer service. This is one of those places. Had the thin crust pizza. Will go back to try more of the menu.
4	it's next to my moms house...we always make one stop for pizza and pasta. Huge portions, nice service. I had the potato pizza with rosemary...it was good but I would not want more than a slice or two. My wifes pasta was great...and the baked cookie dessert was a huge hit and large enough to share.
4	Spent 5 days in the Phoenix area and somehow we ended up eating at Oregano's twice. I was impressed both times. Service was quick and pleasant. First trip I had the Zany Ziti with meatballs. I was not sure what I was getting into then it come to the table. It could have fed a small army. Served in a Bread Bowl jam packed with broken up Meat Balls mixed in with the Ziti and covered with Cheese. What more can I say the HEAVEN! I was only able to eat about a third of it. Made for a great lunch option the following day.The second trip I was in a group of 11 people. We sat out side on the deck and enjoyed a combination of appetizers, pizza's, and finished it off with a Pizza Chocolate Chip Cookie - WOW!!!!
4	Good pizza, little pricy but worth it.
1	We normally love Oreganos but had the absolute WORST experience here tonight.  It took twice as long to get in as they estimated and that was at 9:30 at night, then we decided to order takeout and it took another huge wait,we asked for the status and they said the pizza was going to be another 10 minutes but we pushed them to check the status and it was already done while we waited for our salads, when does pizza take less time than salad????  We sat there watching the hostesses text and talk doing nothing to help the situation.
4	This location is pretty great! The worst part is the wait, which in my personal experience can be about an hour and a half. Once you're in the door though, the wait proves to be worth it. The entire staff is super friendly and sociable. The food is spectacular - worthy of five stars, and everything on the menu that I've tried to date (which is most of it) has been perfectly prepared.This is a great place for a date or an outing with friends, and has my highest recommendation. Just be ready to wait to get in, though.
1	AWEFUL I ordered a pesto plate and it was really dry and my husband ordered a sandwich and when it came it out it was really dry. He had to aske for some mayonnaise and mustard and my bread was so dry that I could not even break it with the knife as I was hitting it...... We wanted to order a pizza and were told it would take 45 minutes for it. Well it took us 1 hr and 30 minutes for all of our party to get their orders anyway. When in Mesa I WILL  not go back to that Italian place.
4	Amazing Pablo Picaso salad, thin crust pizzas, and great service for groups.
5	Gosh, I spent about 2 hours here, but enjoyed every second of it thanks to some amazing food.We started off with some calamari and wings. While I'm not a big fan of calamari, I absolutely LOVE wings. Oregano's wings were pretty damn amazing. It has to be up there with the top 1% of wings I've tried. The timing of the appetizers was pretty nice as well. Calamari came out first, then the wings shortly after, and finally...THE AMAZING PIZZA. wow. the chicago pan crust pizza was simply perfection. everything was perfect about it. the only downside was that it came straight out of the oven to our table, and so if you tried to get a slice everything would fall off. My advice would be to wait for the pizza to cool off before you even attempted to take a slice. Other than that, try not to cream in your mouth from the orgasm you'll have from eating this slice of amazingness. Seriously, it is perfect in so many ways. The crust has an amazing texture, the cheese is perfectly melted, the toppings aren't crap, and the sauce is the pinnacle of evolution and mother nature.To top off all of this, it was cheap. I think we paid $20 for calamari, 9 wings, and a 10" pan pizza with 2 sodas. Now I'm confused if that is actually how much we paid...I suppose the one thing we didn't try was the pizza cookie...oh well, now I have an excuse to go back.
5	Had such a good time here.  Our waiter Josh was cute and so much fun!  He can make a strong drink!!! The Gibbilini Bellini had me buzzed!!  We had the O'Riva Pizza (no olives) and the Chocolate Chip Pizza Cookie (yay).  The pizza was a lot bigger than I expected and was really good.  We will definitely be back!
5	Save room at the end for a pizza cookie! I even converted my sweets-hating husband to a pizza cookie fan!
4	Love. This. Place. Every time I go to AZ I beg my sis to take us there (But she makes me try new places instead of going back to the same ones!). I love the wings, especially the honey mustard wings. I have yet to find another place on earth that serves these. And they are a good texture - crispy yet soaked in sauce. The pizza is fabulous too, but my next favorite is the pizzookie. Atmosphere = great. I dream of Oregano's.
4	I'm a regular at the location on Scottsdale/Shea and this was my first time at this location, honestly unaware it even existed.I met a girlfriend here for lunch, right at 11 (opening time) and it was crowded within minutes.  Our waitress was supremely wonderful, with excellent service and really great demeanor.  Why not 5 stars?  The portions are half the portion size of every other Oregano's I've ever been to, and that's not okay.   Both my gf and I were a bit taken aback by the lack of food, which is a bit off putting.Overall, great experience and great food.
5	The Big O Vedge is the best vegetarian sandwich I have ever had.  Like... for real.  It is extremely flavorful.  And...with their friendly servers, this location is my solidified favorite! :)
4	We were seated quickly even on a weekend night. The staff were friendly and attentive and the majority of whom were females wearing somewhat provocative white shirts bearing slogans such as "legalize marinara" and "tastes like garlic." It kind of reminded me of the Italian food version of Hooters. Food and drinks arrived quickly and were good. Prices are a bit high for pizza and pasta, but the atmosphere made it enjoyable. They have a good selection of menu items which gives you lots of options. For dessert they have a pizza cookie topped with ice cream which is one of my favorites and reason enough to come here.
4	I love Oregano's and I have frequented this location for years. Their food is consistently wonderful with large portions and amazing drinks. The servers are always prompt and friendly.
2	First time at this location last night .  We went late in the evening and had a party of 3.  Got some drinks at the bar which was fine and then sat and waited for our table .  It was quite humid and hot where we were waiting as the air vent was dripping cause the humidity .  While we waited , not one person came to check on us or tell us why it was taking so long to be seated .  We finally were sat a table in the back after 25 min or so waiting .  Took approx 10 min before we had anyone come take our order .  We all ordered fairly simple food and only 1 time did anyone come to us to offer drinks .  We sat for nearly 45-50 min waiting patiently for our food and once we got it , no apologies or explanation.as to why it took so long .   We all had pretty much lost or apatite and barely even 10 min after getting our food , had our server come to us and ask us if we wanted desert (seriously lady ??!?) As we were waiting for our check the manager ( older lady with a raspy quick tone) was across from us , apologizing to another couple that was waiting nearly as long as us , for the wait .  No one came and asked how we were or how our service was or apologized for the delay .  Needless to say we paid and left dissatisfied and upset .  I have eaten at the old town location countless times and have always had superb service and food .  We will most likely not be returning to this location .
5	Great News....  Oregano's  reached out to me and apologized for the terrible service and encouraged me to try the Mesa location once more.   I decided to try again  yesterday for dinner and what a difference.  People were friendly, engaging and overall our party was very happy with the service.  They seemed to really care that we chose to come into their restaurant.   I am changing my previous 2 stars to 5. It was really that much better!   Way to go! I am a fan again! Below is my previous post ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This is the 2nd time I have been to this location where the service was not good.    I know they can do better and the training is better than this, since I used to work for Oregano's.   The first time was a month or so ago, but I chalked that up to the place just having a bad night.  I know they happen.  I went back again a few days ago with some friends but  the service was just the same; slow,  kinda rude, and un-attentive. The experience started when we showed up with a 25 min wait on a Friday night (which i know is common), no big deal. We got some drinks at the bar, and sat in the waiting area.  Then I decided I would grab an appetizer for our group. I walked up to the hostess/togo counter to order and pay for it and the to-go girl started to ring me up with no problems. Awesome...right??  NO, the manager  (I know she was the manager, because she was wearing black) stopped her mid transaction and asked me to step to the other side of the counter to order with an actual server.  My thoughts.... OK fine, whatever. The problem was the tone and that she said "no she can't help you, she has to help you over there" and pointed to an actual server on the other side of the counter.  So I walked and had to wait until she was done putting in another order, after a  few min she was able to help me.  I get it, they are busy, but what was wrong with the to-go counter taking an order?  Especially since there was no wait and she was not on the phone.  That was off-putting.  I say this because I know better, I know Oregano's trains better than this. Moving on to dinner.  Since we already had drinks from the bar, I guess your server decided we didn't need any  refills the rest of the night, even after waiting 45 min to get our food.   We didn't order anything that takes a while (2 pasta dishes and a sausage sandwich), the kitchen was not slammed, since it was 9pm with several empty tables. Basically I had no drink for my dinner. We saw our server a total of 3 times.  Once to take our order, 50 min later to see how the food was, and last to drop the check. As we were leaving the manager was giving a half-assed apology to another table for the abnormal amount of time things took, and honestly we were there MUCH longer than them. The disappointing part is that I love Oregano's and I talk it up all the time. But this was a real let down.
4	I recently had a less than satisfactory experience while visiting this Oregano's .  Shortly after I visited , I wrote a review and was kindly contacted by Kristen M.  I was given an opportunity to come back and last night I took them up on this offer .  I was sat at the exact same table and was immediately impressed .  Our waiter (Chico) was extremely pleasant and prompt.  He came by several times to check on us did an excellent job at stating on top of our food and drinks.  We were all pleased and will definitely be coming back .  Thanks Oteganos for doing the right thing and for getting me to come back .
5	Been to this and other locations umpteen times...Pro's- salad, Oregano's Original hands down is outstanding- service truly a staple Oregano's simply is OUTSTANDING- never a bad meal here or at any location Con's- ahhhh wait times sometimes.  Argh!  And a special call out to this location.  A month or two ago I ordered takeout and it wasn't ready as promised so they "comp-ed" me that order.  Great job management!
5	Got seated very quickly. Very relaxed atmosphere with lights not too bright. Wait staff is very friendly, and food came out at perfect times. Drinks are were refilled quickly! You must have the pizza cookie for desert it is a perfect desert to share with your special someone our a group of friends !!
5	Chicago style pan is worth the 45 min wait to make!  Save room for the pizza cookie!
5	Great food great service...had the ribeye steak salad and hot wings, wasn't that hungry (got the junior salad which was more than enough)...they were both spicy and delish.
5	Love, love, love this place.  Everything I've had on the menu is amazing.  Pure genius.  I especially love their salads, the Big Beefstro and the Pablo Picasso.  Too bad they got rid of my favorite salad which was the spinach salad.  The pizza and pastas are also excellent.  Never had a bad food experience or heard any complaints from others.The service is great, although we usually just order take-out for home or work.  It can get very busy (expect a wait, especially on weekends) and parking can be limited as the parking lot is shared with multiple asian food restaurants.
5	This place is the BOMB!!!!!!  After waiting several years to try it out, we finally took the plunge last Sunday and I am dying to go back asap!!  We came in about 6pm on a Sunday night and there was no wait and the hostess was REALLY nice and friendly.  We told her we had never been in before and she took the time to tell us the popular choices as well as her favorites.Our server was very prompt and also very personable.  We had the cheese garlic bread which was heavy on the garlic but an upcharge for a small container of marinara when you paid for the bread is kinda lame.  That being said, it was tasty and we scarfed it down pretty quickly.  We ordered the thin crust pizza with red onion, garlic and ham..........SO DELICIOUS!!!  The crust was super thin and so crispy and I think the sausage is homemade too.  We also had a pazookie dessert which was also fantastic!Overall, the decor was very nice, slightly dark but manageable.  Service was outstanding, they even gave us our dessert for free since it was our first visit in.  The manager made it a point to stop by and check in on us during dinner and I made it a point to thank her as we left.  The menu IS a little overwhelming, a lot of choices and crowded to the point of being a little complicated at times but the choices all sound wonderful and I can't wait to try them all.Thanks Oregano's!!!
3	I've been to Oregano's many times and definitely like their food. This was my first time going to the Mesa location on Dobson & Southern. Wait time was about 20 minutes (not bad for a Saturday night). We were seated at a very awkward high top table squished by a half wall, in between 2 parties of 7 or more. Service was slow and I noticed they were filling sodas from bottles, not from their dispenser. I ordered the zany ziti pasta with meatballs, probably my favorite pasta dish at Oregano's. I love the bread bowl it's served in...mmm carbs! Of course, we had to order a pizooki...I mean come on! I was INCREDIBLY disappointed with how it came out. First off, it took about 20 minutes, which seems longer than usual. Second, the pan it comes in wasn't hot, barely warm. The cookie wasn't gooey and super soft like I'm used to at Oregano's..in fact the outer edge of the cookie was crispy because it was over-cooked! I'm a huge lover of chocolate and I took maybe 3 bites and stopped eating it. My boyfriend was shocked! *Recommendations for food: The Pablo Picasso salad is to DIE FOR! Probably one of the best salad's I've ever eaten ever in my life! Pizza is always a good choice, especially the deep dish. Pizooki!! And, the zany ziti :)
5	I just want to shout out to Kristen M. at the corporate office, who contacted me after this review. She not only apologized but gave me another opportunity to try this location. I went on a week night and just ordered dessert. The pizooki was amazing and I was SO happy to have indulged in such heaven! THANK YOU Oregano's for your amazing customer service...much appreciated. Will be back for sure!!
5	Love everything on the menu. You just can't go wrong here! The atmosphere is fun and the food is to DIE for!
5	My wife was at Desert Banner for a small procedure, while waiting I decided to visit this location at Dobson and Southern. As I was walking in 2 or 3 cooks, yes cooks welcomed me into the restaurant. I approached the take out counter and the girl was very helpful. The thing that really got me was how sincere the staff was at taking care of everyone that walked in, the man in the black shirt (manager ?) was helping clear tables, taking food to the guest, talking to tables and he came over offered me a drink while I was waiting, went into the kitchen and checked on my order, brought it out and bagged it up for me. The food was awesome and as at all oreganos, they really take care of the guest. Did I mention the manager sent a cookie with me for my wife after I told him how mad she was going to be that I visited Oreganos without her.Love this place!!
4	My husband's friends love this place and so does my husband - we came down to visit and this was one of the must-eat places.  I have to admit it is pretty good, and the portions are huge.  I just got a turkey sandwich  - the bread was a little hard but it was massive and tasted pretty good.  I saved half of it for the next day and it was actually a bit better cos the bread had softened up.The bellinis are strong and only $6.Apparently they used to have this ravioli dish that was amazing but for some reason they took it off the menu which greatly disappointed my husband so I'm docking a star for that.The best part is the pizookie of course - and it was that good.  I've had similar at BJ's but this one is much better.
5	Food is delicious and the staff is very friendly.   I personally love the Roasted Garlic Chicken Lasagna.  It is a twist on your average lasagna, and it is so delicious!   We will continue to come back and tell everybody we know about the wonderful experience and great food we have each time we come.
5	Great food, fantastic menu, fun atmosphere, excellent service, and the best Arizona faire in the state. I always take my family and friends from out of state to eat here. Even take business partners here. Lunch menu is perfect. We all know where the original "pizookie" came from! BJ's can't touch it!
5	Ah best food! Pizza is amazing, salads are to die for and dessert is heavenly! Love the friendly and chill enviorment! Have never ordered anything I did not like!
3	Service is amazing. Truly amazing. I was with my cousins and normally servers are more indifferent to groups in their teens/early twenties but not at oreganos.  The waiters were all very much on top of it and worked together so when my fork fell, someone else grabbed one for me immediately.That being said, the food left something to be desired. The bruschetta was difficult to eat and has way too much raw garlic. The garlic bread with cheese was basically bread with a ton of cheese on top and nonexistent garlic. We got a dinner salad too which was what one would expect- lots of lettuce, a sliced tomato, boring. The pizza was ok but not great and the crust was really, really greasy. The pizzookie or whatever they call it was, however, really, really good.And just know, it takes a while (40 minutes at around 3pm for us) for the pizza to come.
1	I know the food is great, but having to wait one hour and thirty five minutes for our food, and then have it be wrong...not the best of service. (All after waiting for 45 minutes to be seated) Then telling conflicting stories to excuse the ridiculous tardiness of the food is no way to treat customers! --I won't be back. To those who have hours to kill and aren't concerned about when your food comes or if the order is right, then this place is for you!
5	Oregano's has to be the best place to eat in the entire state of Arizona! Once AZ domination has completed please expand out of state; the country, no, the WORLD needs access to your pizza!What's good? Everything I have ever had!The best has to be Grandma G's (hold the Gorgonzola!!!!!!), Sproccoli with roma tomatoes and meatballs, and the pesto penne bake.And you better save room for a pizookie - peanut butter chocolate is the way to go.The parking here is great, but making a left off of Dobson northbound can seem like a game of chicken - proceed with caution!
1	I have been going to this place mostly for carryout since shortly after it opened.  I mainly bought the pizza.  I noticed a while back that they were skimping on the toppings somewhat, but after my last visit, they are off the list.  I ordered a large numero uno and it was awful.  I'm not sure if they even put sauce on it.  The toppings were very limited ( as I could only see or taste onions and sausage ) and it cost $28 for this garbage.  Being from Chicago, I have some experience with pizza and this ain't it!  You've ruined a good thing folks!  Enjoy your profits!
1	My friend and I literally vomited from the pizza (I kid you not). I've had pizzas throughout the country over 40 years... This is by far the worst ever!!! Crust is exactly like soggy cardboard. Taste is nasty too! I love olive oil but they take it to an extreme! For the cost of this mass-produced garbage, they don't put on much topings either. Asked the server to take it back 'cause the crust was raw, uncooked, soggy to the point it was falling apart... All they did was heat it some more and bring me the same garbage back! To top off the insult, they'll make you wait an hour for it too! Staff frequently ignore customers. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY AT THIS PLACE!
5	I mentioned the cookie and ice cream to my daughter and that's all it took to decide where to go for dessert. When we arrived I decided we should have dinner first, the responsible parent thing to do. I had Italian sandwich & sweet potato fries(which I love) My daughter got the sausage pizza with flavored tea(which she did not love) but our waiter Brandon was quick to make her happy and switch her drink for something she did enjoy. Of course we shared the amazing melt in your mouth warm cookie with ice cream, but our dinner made us so full we may have left a bit or two. Next time dessert only, worth the stop for the dessert alone! Great food, great service...
4	Its Prom night and my son and his boyfriend invited me out to dinner with them, they picked Oreganos, I felt a little under dressed sitting with them, they looked very sharp in their tuxes, and me, just jeans and shirt haha.I ordered the unlimited bowl of pasta which was angel hair pasta, which is my favorite type of pasta, with  a spicy marina sauce and I had mine covered with freshly grated parmesan cheese, made it look like to snowed! It was so good, I wound up having 2 bowls of that stuff! WOW! The style of the restaurant is cute, it makes you feel like you're at your uncle or aunts house that's borderline hoarder with all the lil knickknacks and random item of things on the walls & shelves, gives your eyes plenty to see for sure! The manager came by the table and told the boys they looked sharp! The servers shirts, oh aren't they cute in a tongue & cheek sort of way, I loved it, Food was good, service was great, our server was Katherine, she was a great gal, making sure the boys had plenty to drink and that we had everything we needed. This is a nice lil neighborhood place to eat!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Anytime I'm in AZ I must go to Oregano's!!! The food is delicious you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. My favorites are the salads they are huge portions and super yummy! You must try the Pablo Picasso Mexico Salad! The pizza's take a long time but they are definitely worth the wait!
1	I was very disappointed by my recent visit to Oreganos. The food was actually very good, but the service and level of professionalism was horrible. I went with a group and the wait staff and manager were very rude. We were  ready for a fun night and unfortunately this experience put a huge damper on the evening. I would not recommend this place for any group, EVER. I would put zero stars if possible. When I spoke with the Manager she said she would discount the bill, however when I looked at the bill closer I realized she had discounted the bill, but also added a 20% gratuity for a party of 5, when I asked her to remove the gratuity and keep the discount she refused.  Manger, Cher (I think that was her name), thanks for not handling this appropriately, I will be sending a letter to your corporate office.
1	Just went here with a group of friends. Food was good actually, but the service and experience was one I have never experienced and do not want to experience again. We ordered ONE round of beers and before our pizza even came out we were told that we were going to be refused to order any more drinks. The waiter came up and told us this without us even attempting to order anything more. We were not rowdy, we were not warned about anything, and we were not given any specifics as to why we were being "cut off" before we even attempted to order any more drinks. When we brought this to the manager's attention and asked for specifics and a real explanation, she was rude, not helpful, and really didn't seem to care about our experience. I think her name was Cher. Cher eventually offered to give us a discount of 20%, but then conveniently added a 20% gratuity to our bill. We were a group of 5. Funny how that actually took money out of the company's pocket and put it right into the pockets of the unprofessional employees. She refused to take this tip off our tab and we happily left the establishment.I would not recommend this place to anyone for any reason. I would rather eat bad pizza with nice people than good pizza with rude people.
3	My first Time at this oreganos location.  This one wasn't as great at the one in Scottsdale and the lunch special pizza wasn't as good.  Don't know why, but the salad was still great.
5	Servers are very friendly.  Food delicious.  Huge portions and great price.
5	I've been to a few of the Oregano's locations, multiple times and they are very consistent in service and food quality.  I love the service! The wait staff is always really friendly, your drink is filled, and they almost always offer you a to go cup at the end. The food is delicious. The peanut butter cookie for dessert is always a must have.  I am in love with that cookie!  It is thin crispy crust pizza, which is not always my favorite but there are a ton of things on the menu to choose from and I've never had anything that I didn't like.
1	Saw the cook eat off my, and the guests next to mines plate. Without gloves. Canceled order, have not been back.
4	Great service and incredible food.  I travel a good deal and always look for non-chain places to eat.  This is a small chain, but the service was probably the best I have seen in 6 months. Food was plentiful and fresh.  Also a great selection of wines to choose from.Will be back on my next visit to PHX.
5	Eating with my Sis appetizer are good bread with garlic and cheese good, artichoke - Spinach with bread so good A plus , sweet potatoes, Picasso jr salad so good, pesto pasta so good and slice of veggie pizza really love this place try it if you are in Mesa  Arizona
5	Let me start off by saying I have never written a review.  I eat out TONS and have a few choice restaurants I love.  I shop on Amazon like its my job... I read the reviews, but never actually review.  Having said that, I wanted to take the time to let people know what a wonderful experience I had Oreganos on Dobson.  I go to Oreganos all over the Phoenix Valley... Mostly Tempe on University and Phoenix on Camelback. I (generally) get the Big Beefstro Salad... Solid choice for those of you that have never experienced it... Ah-mazing.  Moving on... My server was Kim, she was DELIGHTFUL. Attentive, friendly, just all around a great server.  And the salad?  Best I ever had.  I would like to take this opportunity to commend Oscar, the salad guru in the back.  The most magnificent I've ever had it, ever!! My boyfriend got the Big Rig, and he can't stop comparing other rigatoni dishes to it; it, too, was far above the normal Oreganos deliciousness (which is already pretty up there).  Kudos to Kim and Oscar, job well done and thank you for making my experience so wonderful.
4	Great atmosphere and delicious food. One of our favorite things to do is add buffalo sauce to the Caesar dressing before we add it to our salad. It's surprisingly good. Pretty much anything you get here will be delicious. It would definitely be a mistake not to get a pizookie before you head out.
3	First time being here, pizza was decent. was not a big fan of the sauce. Service was great though. Thank you
4	yummy pizza!!
2	I don't get what all the hype is about. The portions are huge. Too huge. The wait for a table is always crazy. Even if they don't seem busy it will take forever to give your order, get your order, get a refill or get a check. The food is OK - not great, not good, just OK.
4	Good ol' Oregano's! This place is conveniently located across the street from Mesa Community College where I train. Met up with Missy F., Andrew C. and Sarah R. here after practice one night. Wreaking of sweat and dirt from the hammer ring, we opted to sit out on the patio. Oh, and it wasn't too hot outside . . . an Arizona rarity in August. Our server Kurt was friendly and attentive. We had the aptly named Oregano's favorite salad to start. Crispy romaine lettuce, sun dried tomatoes, kalamata olives, a sprinkle of feta, red onions, pine nuts, and raisins. And don't forget that honey vinaigrette dressing. Light and refreshing. We got the junior size. Worked out perfectly for a group of four, which was a surprise when you get a bunch of hungry Power Athletes together after training. On Kurt's recommendation, we ordered the thin-crust, medium sized Clark Street Meat Pizza. If you're a meat lover, get this one. It's got a generous helping of Chicago sausage, capicolla, salami, capped off with fresh basil, garlic and chili flakes. This was outside of my normal Oregano's repertoire, and not a huge "Meat Lovers" pizza fan to begin with . . . Yet . . . It was friggin' delicious! NOT getting a Pizza Cookie after is an Oregano's sin. Just share! All Oregano's are consistently delicious, but I think what made our trip was Kurt. He was a really fun guy to talk to (Jean Twenge's books, NOT becoming a smug married/ having kids in your late twenties just because society says so, etc.) and understands the meaning of a delighted customer. We'll be back, Kurt - Let us know if you enjoyed the book recommendation!
3	The food was good but the service was bad! Unfortunately a $600 takeout order was submitted about the same time our group came in! The manager explained that because of the size of the order it basically was more important! He didn't say it exactly like that but that's the way it came out. It took about an hour to receive our food!The food was really good when we did finally receive it! We were starving so it tasted great!
4	Awesome patio setting. Our waitress was very friendly and fast with the food. I was a little surprised at the menu and the lack of pizza options though. I think I've tried the margarita pizza and really liked it but I was dieting the last time I went and ordered the pesto pizza-it seemed a little too pesto-y and no other flavor kinda, but my husband liked it so...huge drinks and really great sweet potato fries with amazing dipping sauce. I just love the atmosphere at these places. The one in Tempe off of university I believe is my fav though. Their patio is very fun and awesome!
5	Great service friendly staff! I have taken my elderly grandma and the servers are very help full. The foods perfect and the wait is never more than 15min!
5	Very great Italian restaurant. Two of my buddies work there and turned me onto the grandmas G rosemary chicken pizza, deep dish pizza is always the best, and the chicken Caesar salad for an appetizer is great! Love this place. oh and the Pizza cookies are really good all three flavors are bomb!!
2	Loved this place when we lived here...but the last few trips have been-meh.  The lettuce quality in the salads has gone way downhill-iceberg mix all the way.  The Vino Bambino used to be my all time fav.In addition to the cheap lettuce there was hardly anything else in it.  I ended up leaving almost a full bowl of just lettuce.  Pizza was average and our pizza cookie was WAY under cooked today. I know it's supposed to be a little undercooked, but today was bad.  We didn't realize it until our daughter had eaten over half of it.  Sadly she threw it up on the way home.  Totally bummed-a year ago this place would have been 5 stars all the way :/
4	Food Portions are generous.  They feed you like an Italian family that never wants you to leave their house. Be ready to eat when you come here...with a cool 50s styling and really friendly atmosphere it lives up to the billing of a neighborhood joint.Having come here more than a handful of times we have ordered pizza after pizza which is a solid choice.  This time we wanted to try to the pasta.We ordered the Pesto Penne Bake and it is put in a bread bowl...delicious on so many levels we still couldn't finish it.  The pesto, mozzarella cheese and sundried tomatoes make for such a great meal.
4	When ever you're in Phoenix, Mesa, or Tempe Arizona this is a great place for some good food.  Chicken Alfredo!!'
3	The food is very delicious no complaint. But to me i feel that reviews should have to do a lot with the customer service and atmosphere as well. Everytime i have gone to this place i feel a little overwhelmed with the loud people and over crowded! I also hate that the wait to get in and the wait to get your food is extremely long. I get super annoyed when the waiter or waitress forget about you too...
3	Well, I won't be running back.  I didn't have a bad experience nor did I have a big meal just the BIG Bruschetta Authentico as an appetizer. And it was a BIG disappointment cause I was expecting BIG taste and there was no such thing.  Anyway, it's a cool spot with too much red going on.
4	Love the Pablo Picasso, and Alfredo the Dark, staff is always friendly, food is awesome. Highly recommend this place for a casual family pizza and Italian food. Beware portions are huge!
2	I will never come to Oregano's again. On a Friday night, we waited 30 min for a table, 20 min to have our order taken, 20 more min to get the appetizers which were the WRONG order, 30 minutes to get order main order! The waiter kept apologizing ... We almost walked out right before the food arrived. When we finally got to eat the waiter asked "Wasn't it worth the wait?"  The answer was a resounding NO.
4	Two words. Wings.. and wings.I love this place.  Their pizza is friggen amazing, their wings rule, and even their salads are awesome.  There's usually a wait, but it's totally worth it.
5	Love this place!! I always get one of their pastas and of course a chocolate chip pizza cookie after!! Or sometimes I just go for the pizza cookie!! They are always packed during dinner time and on weekends do plan accordingly. But I've never been disappointed. You call to make a to go order! Even for the pizza cookie!!!!
5	Yummmy place my regular is Alfredo the dark soo goood pizza cookie=heaven on earth, you want Italian head over to oreganos crew is awesome place is so nice as well keep up the good work guys
4	I'm an fan of Oregano's but don't like the wait so I don't usually go to Oregano's. I will only go if I can get there before 5:30. So tonight was the night. I had my son run in there to get us a table. No waiting line. Ya ya. We started out with their Big Julius Caesar Salad. This is their small salad. This was huge. We had four people and could barely finish this. So good and fresh. My wife could have just eaten the salad. We also ordered the large order of wings with BBQ sauce. Huge wings with lots of meat. Really love the wings with the ranch dipping sauce. Yum yum good. Of course we always order their Chicago thin crust pizza with sausage, meatballs, and mushrooms. Fresh ingredients, perfectly cooked. Loved the meatballs and sausage so good. I'm a fan of Oregano's pizza and wings. Of course we're stuffed but you can never and I mean NEVER leave Oregano's without their pizza cookie. A must. We had the half chocolate chip and peanut butter cookie topped with vanilla ice cream with chocolate chips sprinkles. To die for. So good. This always tops off a good meal. They are always known for their huge portions and tonight was not a disappointment. Service was great. Drinks were at our table in no time and surprisingly our food came out pretty quickly. Our server and the manager kept on coming by our table to make sure everything we good. Loved the service. Like I said before. Love Oregano's. Good food. Good atmosphere. Loud and fun place to eat. Just make sure you get there by 5:30 at the latest or else you could be waiting in line for a really really long time. We'll be back for sure. Enjoy.
5	I LOVE OREGANOS. If you are going to go, then you have to be sure to try my 2 favorite things on the menu. The chicken wings there are all good bit I usually get a honey mustard flavor. They are big and crispy and the sauce is awesome. For desert, get a pizza cookie. It's a large cookie that is cooked in an iron skillet so it's still pretty soft and it is topped with ice cream. Just make sure you have someone there to share with you because the portions are pretty big and the price is right.
5	I eat at oreganos a lot, dine in and take out and they're always fabulous. I love their salads and wings and yum yum EVERYTHING!!! Order the peach Bellini and the guacatoni to get started, you can't go wrong.
5	If you're looking for a very good Caesar salad the Julius Caesar and Oregano's makes is king. Now I'm a big guy that can put away a lot of food but I can't finish the large's Julius Cesar salad. It is that large but it's so good. I recommended anybody that is a salad lover. With that said I find the restaurant always very loud. The booths tend to be a little bit small so if you're big you're going to want to find a table but overall this is a very good place to eat. It's wonderful for the kids they have doughballs that the kids can play with.
4	Great experience!!! I hadn't tried the Mesa location yet and I went in for a yummy bowl of pasta and left not only satisfied, but incredibly grateful for my wonderful bartender/server! If you make it into this location make sure you ask for Ashley! She is fun and spunky and fast on her feet. She knew all the regulars and her smile was contagious! Best experience at  Oregano's by far. I will be back for the Big Rig and Ashley.
5	Love the service love the food can't say enough about this place they are very accommodating to my kids and everytime we go they are very busy but the wait is quick great job
1	This place is a corporate chain joke. It's for people who think dominoe's is good. If the crust ain't fresh... It's not a pizza in my book. And I thought a Margherita was supposed to have cheese!  It's just a bar with bad bar food for real. Young staff, and we all know what that means. Don't waste your time or $. If you do, don't say I didn't warn you.!
4	This place has a good location far enough away from campus that it doesn't feel flooded all the time with people. Great tasting pizza with fresh ingredients. One of the best things about this place is the desserts. The pazookie or cookie with ice cream is one to try and share with friends. Great ambiance as well.
4	Finally tried out this place with my friend at her insistence. Great pasta. I had the big rig pasta dish. It was very spicy and very delicious.
2	I've always found Oregano's pizza decent.  Between Tombstone and their thin crust, it would be a toss up that usually ended up with me preheating the oven.  A friend convinced me to try it again saying that their pasta is much better than their pizza.I got Mama's Sausage and Peppers.  It was actually pretty good.  How do you mess that up, right?  It was a little confusing when two different people came by to ask if I wanted parmesan cheese on top, the top was already covered with parmesan cheese....The notorious star of the meal however was the lasagna.  It was hands down the worst lasagna I've ever had.  There was maybe one layer of pasta, a layer of mozzarella on top and a little cheese in the middle, but the bulk of it was several layers of overworked ground meat(?).  It's almost like a huge nasty meatball with some sauce and cheese in different spots that you found in the back of the fridge.I was going to give 3 stars until later on in the meal I tried a piece of meat that was hanging out in the middle of the plate that didn't have any cheese or sauce to hide behind.  That little morsel of meat lost this place another star.
5	Fav pizza ever!
2	Longest wait of my life. They said it would be twenty until we got a table..it was thirty. Then the waiter (who was super fun and nice, just like their entire staff) said it would be twenty for our pizza to be ready...it was forty. The food is always amazing, but I noticed a waitress bringing the manager a spoon with a little bug in it!!! Apparently someone found it in their food! The atmosphere is fun, but horrid for large groups. It's insanely loud and our table was super crowded. It was a table fit for four, seating seven. Despite all the negatives, the food is always delicious, that is the pizza is good. The shrimp scampi was dry and tasteless. Waste of money.
4	Oreganos is a fantastic place to get pizza, salad, wings, salad, and pasta..... Pretty much everything on their menu is delightful, and they also give hefty portions! I'd recommend getting the junior sized salads, the larger sized one is insane! The pizza is also delicious. All the favors mix perfectly no matter what topping, and the cheese is excellent! Always make sure they put on some freshly shredded Parmesan on your pizza. The music choice is a little weird. Christmas music was playing, in September! Also, the decorations are a little bland as well. Christmas lights are wrapped around surf boards, and half of the lights don't even work!! The small 12 inch TVs are put in high awkward spots, but it doesn't matter because they're usually playing old black and white TV shows. Overall though I'd recommend Oreganos. Delicious good and great service, and I will be coming back
3	Called in for takeout and when picking our order up stood at the front desk for about 10 minutes before walking over to the bar for help. The hostess was standing at the bar talking to co-worker/ and was completely unaware that she had multiple people at the front. Our bartender a female with long brown hair (didn't catch her name) was awesome
5	After having some poor experiences at this location  i spoke with Beth, managing partner, and expressed my concerns. I decided to give them another try and i'm really glad I did. The salads we ordered were fantastic. Piled high with fixings and had spot on flavors. If you have had a bad experience before i suggest politely expressing your concerns and giving them another try. I'm sure you wont be disappointed, i certainly was not. Thanks Beth!
2	Maybe it's what we ordered..... But I don't know. This was a huge miss on our part. We unintentionally ordered meat-free stuff and were very sorely disappointed.Is the meat where the flavor is?? I guess so.Hubby was so turned off we won't return together. The pesto was good but our outta and salad were very very bland
4	Went on a Thursday night and was able to get in without a wait, unheard for this place. Ordered the pablo picasso salad and an order of chicken wings, the medium golden kind.Salad was, as always, very good. The wings were good as well, however, I would not ever get them here again because there are more unique items I can get here that I can't get elsewhere and wings are pretty common at most places. My major beef is that I could not mix the type of sauce I wanted on my wings, all 14 wings had to be the same. I understand they probably have their reasons, and I asked as to what these reasons would be and the waited didn't know, but that doesn't mean they are legitimate reasons for not doing it. Any who, I don't care as i would never get the wings here again but I figured I would give them a shot.
4	Amazing food at Oreganos!!! Not a whole lot of healthy options but if you like Italian food- it's definitely worth a try! The specialty drinks are delicious and affordable, the prices of the food can't be beat, and portion sizes are more than fair. They have a kids menu for the little ones as well!
5	My wife and I have made this place part of our routine Mesa haunts. We don't go there every week; but we go there enough to know that you wait for a table unless it is before 5 p.m. or a weekday. I usually gravitate to heartier fare, and since I LOVE pesto I could only recommend the Pesto Penne Bake; I usually get it with sausage. My better half always gets the "Alfredo The Dark" which is a spicy southern style alfredo; if you like heat and alfredo, this is a perfect marriage of the two!! We don't get drinks but half of the time we do get a Pizookie and the bill never makes it above $40.00. That being said, I almost forgot; if you like cookies than you better try the Pizookie!! This is the best fresh outta' the oven cookie with ice cream that not even your own Mom could ever replicate!!! I have seen Pizookie addicts, hell I married one!!! Let me tell you, once you have tried the pizookie you will understand the Cookie Monster's struggle!!
4	So stoked to see the Big Kahuna tuna sandwich back on the menu! Love the pizza, the Picasso salad, and the Wedding soup! And my girl can get bubbles!
5	Went to Oreganos with my boyfriend tonight - had the Lady is a Scampi and a pazookie (you've gotta try it!) Food was great as always, but the service was what really stood out - Luana was our server, and she was fantastic! :)
