2	The place is brand new so I will have to come back to see if there are signs of improvement. The menu is very ecclectic, with everything from your standard bar nachos, burgers to mussels and prime rib. Some of the food seemed fairly priced while others seemed a little high, burgers for example were pretty much all over $10   The food was just ok, nothing special but they are new so kind of giving them the benefit of the doubt but for the prices they will need to step it up a notch.The decor is spartan but clean, not sure what the theme is that they are trying to accomplish, layout looks much more like a casual diner than a bar or upscale restaurant.Now my big beef.  If you are going to call yourself House of Brews the focus should be on the beer, which it clearly is not. Some local distributors sold them a bill of goods.  They have a pretty decent size beer list but the bad thing is they are wasting a number of taps on beers that tastes alike, Victoria, Budweiser and Coors Light, Stella Artrois and Redhook? Come on now, you only need one bland beer, and 2 ciders? Really., Give the people of Gibert some credit. Only one SanTan beer on but 4 Four Peaks beers, that's not fair. All the other beers were also just very pedestrian. It wouldn't take much like having 1 beer knowledgeable person on staff to revamp that list and make the beer stand out instead of just becoming known for a place that buys the cheapest beer from the distributors that they can.  When I go back instead of ordering an everyday meaningless beer I'll take a water or a coke unless they change it up.  I'm sure people in Gilbert want to have a place to go for beer that is on par with places in nearby Chandler, Tempe and Scottsdale. So far this isn't it.
2	$10 burgers?!? Their HH is $1 off beers, Yup! That is it. Get a better HH and maybe we will go back.
2	Beers were great.  Nachos not so much.  I was a big fan of the HOB prior to it closing and reopening.  Chris (our waiter) was very friendly, helpful and generally great.  However the nachos left alot to be desired.  There was both cheese sauce and cheese on them.  Super weird.  The steak was of much poorer quality than when I used to frequent House of Brews.  I am hoping with was a 1 off bad experience.  I plan on going back but next time ordering something different.
5	Great food... love the atmosphere ... Ask for Alex as a waitress ... Personable fun and great person!  Great smile !!!
3	Really, I would give this place 3.5 stars because there were things about our experience that were 5 stars and then things that we about a 2-3 star. Location for me is great, literally a 2 min drive from my house. We walked in and I kid you not, there were 16 TV's plastered all over this place...a sports lovers heaven! Problem is they only had on 1 game. Service was very friendly and attentive, for me 5 stars. The wait time for food was a bit much (25 minutes for burgers) and the burgers for me weren't that good. I ordered my Avocado Burger to be Medium and it came out very well done. It was dry and I didn't end up eating it all. However, the macaroni and cheese was a slam dunk..5 stars! My boyfriend and I couldn't get enough of it! The burgers came with their branding "HOB" on top, which I thought was a cool touch. Beers were also ice cold and had a variety to choose from...another sports lovers dream! I would return but not order a burger.
4	Visited HOB for lunch this week to check out the new menu,ownership etc.. Love the new ambiance and vibe -  the place is definitely on the up & up! Ordered the Spinach salad, it was very tasty, fresh chicken and avocado was delightful. They also have upcoming events and a boatload of big screens to watch ALL the games, not to mention the multitude of craft beers they have on draft... I'll be back for sure!
5	Gotta try this place.  New owners for 6 weeks, dozens of micros on tap, and the food is great and plentiful.  I had Fish and Chips which were great, four pieces of beer battered cod and a huge pile of crispy, crunchy wedge fries, along with slaw and house made tartar sauce.  The hubby had corned beef and cabbage: shredded corned beef with a huge pile of cabbage, veggies and a side.  We couldn't even consider dessert and brought home leftovers for two more meal.  Very reasonably priced.  Nice folks, great food, tons of TVs and a huge selection of beers.  What could be better? To Lauren J- they were very accommodating about changing channels on any TV that you found convenient.  Please go, we'd like to see this place stick around!
5	Love this place! Went in on a Sunday mid morning to watch some football and have some breakfast. Lots of TVs of course, great selection and variety of beers, many local breweries too, and the staff makes you feel very comfortable there.Turns out, much better food than the standard Sports type bars. Yeah, you can get wings, nachos burgers and stuff like that but their take on making it takes them up a notch over typical sports grille faire. I had simply bacon, eggs, hash browns and toast. Boring right? Well, not exactly, they add a lot of flavor with nice details like chives on the scrambled eggs, peppers and onions in the potatoes etc. Wife had the eggs benedict. They used corned beef instead of ham or Canadian bacon like most do, jalapenos and added some other nice fresh ingredients. Later on during the afternoon games wife and I split a bowl full of steamers, was great. Josh the bartender was attentive, Tim from the kitchen even checked on us and Aaron and other staff (that I didn't catch names) all came around to make sure we were having a good experience. My Browns, lost...again and my fantasy team didn't do well but the was a great day here and a terrific experience. We will be back and would recommend.
5	Chef Tim's menu is knocking it out of the park. Not just bar food, but upscale bar food (without upscale prices), and full entrees as well. The smoked Gouda mac and cheese is to DIE for. Fried Tomato BLT was amazing. Great burgers, great portions - everything we've tried here has been a home run. And the Stout Bread Pudding? Fuggeddaboutit.Lots of TVs to capture all the games, and an extensive beer (draught) list that has something for everyone. We've had a great experience every time, and everyone we've recommended it to or brought along with us has LOVED it.I can't wait to go back! Tomorrow sounds perfect...
5	Wow...where to begin. Classic bar feel...but omg!!! The food is GREAT!!!! We order nachos for an appetizer...the ground beef was seasoned to perfection. Dinner was corned beef and cabbage...didn't know it also came with fresh veggies and another side!!! Lots of food. Corned beef was so tender and seasoned so well...not too salty!! Cabbage was a little salty but had some great seasoning going on. I got Mac and cheese as my side and its not your kids Mac and cheese!!! Gouda and noodles...nuff said!! Hubby got bacon burger and waffle fries...fries were SO good..crispy on outside and soft in middle. Hamburger...well fist off they brand the burgers...the patty is mixed with a little pork for added flavor...so good. Waitress was very knowledgable of all the beers...too many to comment on!!  Big TVs every where to see game... Needless to say, come check it out!
1	Corned Beef and Cabbage was tasteless and had the odor of bad feet (was this more than day old grub?). Prices are high for the portion size you receive. If I wanted food servings the size that Tapas bars serve I would go to one in Chandler or elsewhere not HOB. Speaking of brews, I like my domestic lagers served ice cold not lukewarm like that of an English pub in Canterbury serving a pint of Bitter. Note to the weary fellow eater: Avoid this place and spend your hard earned money elsewhere. You're better off going to Vincent's on Camelback for an elegant dinner, top notch drinks and cold beer than a 21st century house of horrors, I mean house of warm brews. Letdown of the year for me.
1	recent trip to HOB with 6 others on a Saturday afternoon. There were 7 servers, 1 bartender and one guy I must assume was the GM.  there were 8 others in the place.  It took 15 minutes to a beer order, they were all too busy yakking it up with each other.  This went on for a few beers until we finally called out the waitress! asked her if she planned on making  a tip she better get off her tattooed ass and start waiting on us.  We ordered food and then had to send it all back!, soggy nasty stuff.  The owner better get his/her act together, I give them 6 months before they shutter that location AGAIN!!
5	I've been to this location since it was Uncle Bear's and these owner have finally got it right! Service and food have never been better. The beer selection is great and changes regularly which is great to try new microbrews or other non-commercial labels. For sports it is great to have over 16 large screen TVs with all of the Sunday Ticket. The Chef even came to our table to ask how everything was, and it was great to be able to give a compliment to him. The owners are from Boston, but hey no place is perfect. If you want a great beer or food, this is a great place to go.
5	Was driving down the road and noticed this place with a patio full of flat screen televisions. The goal - find a bar with good TVs to watch some Sunday football... Oh boy. What a treat?! Great TVs, high definition and excellent viewing angles. Perfect for your Sunday football fix. If you are into fantasy they have every game on in Hd on gorgeous new flat screens. The waitress was extremely attentive making sure that every low beer was followed by a prompt cold full beer. With the name House of Brews you would assume they would have a range of beers and that assumptions is correct. They have both a diverse selection of draft and bottle beers.Usually bars that have a lot of micro beers have a pretty decent menu and...drum roll please.. Legit. Legit menu. They have Lobster Rolls! Yes! I have been looking for a Lobster Roll in the Phoenix area for 5 years. The price point is good and the lobster roll has a decent amount of lobster meat with the right amount of seasoning and dressing. I know I said decent and generally that's associated with bad but the fact they had the hoagie roll toasted with fresh lobster prepared the right right way does it for me. If we lived by a body of water I would expect more but we don't so I will settle with fresh and tasty. My inner fat kid went on full assault with an order of the clam roll, clam chowder, burger, Mac and cheese and onion rings. Yes, yes and yes. 5 stars. Period. Great crunch, seasoned breading, thick juicy burger, creamy Mac and delicious chowder. I'm not from Boston but it reminds me of every visit when I'm there... I definitely recommend this place.
5	If your looking for a neighborhood restaurant with awesome food, many choices of craft beers and exceptional service, this is the place.  The staff really cares about your experience and goes above and beyond to make sure you leave happy and you will want to come back.  Thanks Josh, Tim and Aaron.  You guys rock.
1	So I'd love to write a great review but I'm elsewhere eating dinner and drinking beers. Why? Because my friend and I (both women) could not justify paying a $5 cover to see a fight that 1. We could careless about. 2. Could see up the street for free 3. Could have parked in the parking lot and watched. So, sorry to say we will be spending our money and tipping well here at Gordon Biersch.
5	Found House of Brews on Yelp when I saw my usual spot wasn't confirmed for UFC166.Both have the all-important characteristic of being walking distance from home. I saw the reviews and was intrigued by the mentions of some of the interesting menu items. We ordered pretzel and beer cheese, some honey BBQ wings, fried pickles and Mama's Little Brats for appetizers. We split a Reuben sandwich and the fried tomato BLT for main course. I had several beers, and learned from our excellent server Alex that they have what I would refer to as a rotating beer selection. I.E. it changes regularly, which is a great thing. Overall, I like House of Brews enough to go back when they aren't showing UFC fights. If the rest of the menu items are as good as what we had tonight, you really can't go wrong in choosing House of Brews as a place to watch a sporting event or just to sit down and enjoy some delicious food and have a few beers.
2	$6 for edamame...you know the stuff that a Sushi place  serves up for free while you wait. For the quality (or lack of) that you get here the prices are definitely out of whack. Plenty of T.Vs, even in the bathroom, makes it a good place to watch the game! The big miss here though was the service,  Literally like 20 minutes before anyone came, and when she finally did, acted kind of surly (I think she was trying to be witty, but just came off rude) Staff was all kinds of chummy around the bar, which is nice...but not if I'm still waiting for my beer. Beer list is solid and extensive to be fair...but definitely not what I'd call imaginative. Flanny's in Tempe?...now THATS a place for beer lovers!
5	Went to the old version a few times, and it was not bad....  This NEW incarnation is SOOOOO much better.  Great tap list, love that.  Great food, love that.  AND friendly prompt bar in my neighborhood vibe service.  Highly recommended.
5	Since the new owners, this place has greatly improved. Much better beer selection (read craft beer), food quality is better, and atmosphere is improved. No longer just a sports bar. Things are a little pricy but the quality if the food justifies the higher prices.Come check it out.
5	Great beer selection and great new food menu!  If you are looking to watch a game it is a great place. Try the Mac n Cheese!
1	Wife and I decided to try a new place. Lately we've been hitting up some breweries, and this one is reasonably close to home, so we thought why not.The good:Beer list was extensive and served cold. Mac & Cheese was alright. Waitress was nice. Wife thought the burger was OK. Lots of TVs you could easily see to watch several things at once.The bad:The first beer we ordered was not available (San Tan Epicenter). The Mac & Cheese was only good if you ate the warmer part on the inside, because the outside was cold and hard as if it had been sitting for quite a while. Took a long time to initially get a waiter to our table and was very slow to return each time. The bread that came out with the Mac & Cheese was literally burnt black. The waitress offered to bring out non-burnt bread but never actually brought any out. We were never asked how our meals were. As a place to dine, I would not return here and recommend anyone else against considering eating here. I would however consider returning here if I wanted to drink beers and watch a game, which may yield a different experience.
1	I really wanted to like this place.  My wife and I both had burgers.  To quote the old Wendy's commercial; "Where's the beef??"  The bun was 3-4 times larger than the burger!  It was like they put a slider on a full-size hamburger bun.  What a rip-off.  Extremely disappointing.  Needless to say, we won't be going back.
4	This place has been quite a few different "sports" bars . I think the new owners finally figured Gilbert out ! The food is fantastic , especially the Mac Shack . Amazing variety of beer that changes frequently . We had great service every time by either Trish or Rachel . We will definitely be coming often !
5	I had driven past HOB several times and finally decided to give it a shot. I was amazed at how busy it was since it's in a shopping center that doesn't really have anything else going for it. I was impressed with how many good craft beers they had on their list, they even had hop slam which was hard to come by. You could tell the waitress had a huge workload but still provided good service and my glass was never empty. Tim, one of the managers, made his way by every table asking how the service was and if there was anything they could do better.  They have a very diverse selection of food and the blackened chicken wrap I ordered did not disappoint. Ever since Boombozz switched to american tap house I have been looking for a new place. House of Brews is definitely it!
5	I have now been here several times, and the food and service has been consistent which to me is a very good thing. HOB Benedict might just be the best breakfast I have ever eaten!
5	Tim has done a remarkable job total 180 great food ice cold beer and huge selection! My new fav place
1	The family and I along with a couple friends decided to try this place for a little variety. The experience was less than stellar. If I could give no stars I would. The Bad: Kids both wanted a cream soda (bottled) and when the waitress came back she informed us there was only one bottle left...really? It's soda for crying out loud. I decided to order a Kiltlifter (some special edition) and again....OUT! Now I'm slightly annoyed...Friday night, full house and by the way...also informed the kitchen is about 25 minutes "behind" so if we wanted to order an appetizer it would be best to put it in with our dinner order. Ok, whatever...we decided to order nachos. Nacho's came out STONE COLD, sent them back as they were inedible. The manager then came over (he was very nice, apologetic and again telling us the kitchen was "behind") apologized, offered to "buy us a round" (that didn't happen by the way even though we ordered a couple more rounds in the 2.5 hours we were there) and wanted to make sure we were "happy". Out comes nacho plate number 2, by the manager stating they were "fresh out of the oven". Not so much, again...STONE COLD ON cold plate. Ugh...didn't bother sending them back as it clearly was not going to do any good. So finally out comes dinner...everyone had yes you guessed it...cold food. By this time we just wanted to leave. So along comes the waitress, who is clearly annoyed and drops off the check....nachos included. Now one would think that if the manager came over, offered a round of drinks and apologized profusely about cold food and slow kitchen service that the nachos would have never made it to the bill. Needless to say we just paid and left...and will never return. Robert Irvine would be having a field day in this place! Total bill for a family of 4 for cold food and a couple beers: $78 (that included my barely deserved 15% tip (normally I go 20% all the way...not this time)The Good: 1. Apologetic manager that seemed sincere, but clearly didn't follow through with any amount of customer service. 2. At least the beer was cold.Save your money as there are plenty of other beer/sports bars with much better service and hot food. Can't believe this place had a full house!
2	So my wife and i like this place at first but it has gone down hill since the first two times we came here. The first two times the food and customer service was great they treated us very nicely and we also have a 16 month old and they were very friendly with him and also went above an beyond to cater to him. Then my wife and I went there a third time and the food was not as good as the first two times but not horrible and the customer service was not as great as it had been. Then we went a fourth time and I got the "special" it was a Gnocchi plate which is my favorite pasta and it came and was a puny helping my wife got a burger and a side of Macaroni and Cheese her side was bigger than my dish which was kind of ridiculous. So we decided to take a hiatus since but felt compelled to go on 3-2-14 because well a beer sounded good and figured we would try again. Well that was the wrong thing to do, so our server was busy at first so someone else helped us and she was great I wish she would have been our server she was playing with our son and talking to him. Then our server took over it seemed like he had not served much we ordered our food and we asked for specific things to not be on our meals and how the meals were to be cooked. So after our order was taken our son was starting to get antsy so we just asked for some crackers to tide him over and our server said sure but i will have to charge you, charge me for crackers???? really crackers???? in our first two outings the servers brought our son puffs and apple sauce out of kindness no charge and this guy is charging for crackers come on man! So after the cracker debaucle we get our food well my wife's burger is over cooked and the fries are blah and my chicken sandwich is not how i asked for it we just ate the food because we did not want to be there any longer. So then we get our bill (yes the crackers were there) and they have a neat thing where they put the bill in a novel not a normal fold, well this book was filled with graffitti now I am not a prude by any means but why are we given a book that has pornographic images and language that would make a sailor blush. I am sorry but what if a kid opened this book up I cannot believe management would allow this if that were seen by the wrong person i am sure one of the local news channels could be called I will not be back2 stars is for the first two visits if i were to judge on newer vists it would be 1
5	I almost bought a house down the street from House Of Brews just so I could go there more often! NO KIDDING!  The meat and cheese boards are INSANE, the CRAFT BEER selection both in bottles and ON TAP is always out of this world and your ALL favorite sports are always on 35ish Big Ass flat screens TVs.  YES, HEAVEN!
1	Holy cow...I really wanted to like this place, but the overall experience was bad. The food came out at room temperature/cold. The service took FOREVER! Our server kept telling us it would be out in a few seconds (both drinks and food).  A few seconds turned out to be well over 30 minutes. I guess the bar was backed up and the bartender couldn't get to our drinks in a reasonable amount of time (iced tea, vanilla beer in a bottle and the cappuccino stout on tap). There was another booth next to us that hadn't even been greeted by their server...they were completely forgotten!  With all the options of bars/restaurants in the area, I doubt we'll be back.
4	I want to start out by saying Josh, the bartender does an excellent job.  If you want to be educated on beer selection and walk out of there impressed, ask for Josh.  Sliders, nachos, salads, and basically all appetizers are awesome and you must try them all with a paired beer choice.  The burgers could all use some touching up and fine tuning, but it depends on who is grilling that night I guess.  They take pride in their sports bar and beer selection, and it shows in their service.  Live music on the weekends and good service anywhere in the bar make HOB very enjoyable, and they have a dog friendly patio.  This is a great spot for lunch, or to take a significant other out for a "sports bar" night.
4	Loved this place! Sat out of the patio today for lunch to watch some of the opening day Red Sox game. Food is amazing. Ordered the Ipswich fried clams which were relish and straight out of a Cape Cod menu. Husband had the Italian, which was enormous and enough to bring home half for dinner. Beer selection - more than worthy. I had the Lobster Roll lunch special and was everything I expected it to be. Thanks for the Cracker Jacks Tim! This place is great, be back very soon
4	Looks like there are a few people that had a negative experience here but my first experience the other night was a good one.  The place has a neighborhood sports bar feel to it but lacks a little bit in terms of identity.  There is a collection of Boston area sports memorabilia hanging in one spot but not much in the way of local team stuff.  The TV's are plenty and unless you are ultra picky I don't understand how you could not watch what you want to see.  The beer list is better than most and I had a coffee stout there that was excellent.  I only sampled the Mac and Cheese there which is made with a smoked Gouda and happened to be one of the best I've had and the french dip which was excellent.  A few of my buddies tried the steak and burger and were also very happy.  The owners were involved and hooked us up with some additional sides after talking to them a bit which was very nice.  I thought the prices were just fine but then again many people benchmark against the big chain restaurants which I refuse to support so I lack context there.  I will certainly be back.
1	Horrible service! Wanted to check this place out because I had heard good things! Sat down at the bar and it took 10 min for a bartender to show up! She asked if we wanted a menu, handed them to us and disappeared! Never asked if we wanted a drink! It was 20 more min and the bartender was still MIA! I mean the place was not even busy, 1 other guy at the bar and 2 tables seated! So after 30 min sitting at the bar with no drink in my hand, we walked out! Drove 2 miles west to Jolie's and had a great breakfast and excellent service! Never going back to HOB! Neither should you!
5	Fish n chips are great here!Huge selection of everything u need. Service is nice, my waiter is super nice, conversational!
5	As bars go, this is certainly my favorite. I have been five times before deciding to write a review.The food is great, for bar food fare obviously. I have had several sandwiches, all were tasty. The macaroni and cheese they brag about is also great. I am not a big fan of ordering burgers but my friends have enjoyed them.The beer list is extensive and excellent! Just as important the servers I have had have been very knowledgeable and helpful with the items. Speaking of servers, the service here has always been great.The last plus is the establishments willingness to give a fan of hockey a tv. Yup, as one of the few obsessive fans of hockey in the valley I really appreciate an establishment that has the tvs to spare indulging me. Overall, I have not found a better bar establishment in the valley and you can expect to see me return.
4	HOB #1 Gilbert Brew/Pub/Restaurant! Ask for Forrest he's smaat( Boston smart)Nice and a GREAT WERKER! We will see all y'all soon KDS
3	Didn't plan on going there today, but a Bratwurst craving drove the car directly to the place.  I ordered Mama's Little Brats off the appetizer menu. I wouldn't call this an appetizer for 1 or 2. It had 3 large brats sitting on a bed of the house kraut with onions and peppers.  The brats were fantastic, lean with an excellent texture that went well with the spicy mustard. A+.The kraut was an issue for me, it's a house made kraut that didn't have the zing a good German , Jewish or Irish kraut possesses. Very mild. C+No complaints at all about the service, kept the water glasses full, checked in appropriately to see if we needed anything, very friendly. A+Let's chat briefly about dessert, I was a bit full for the bread pudding I wanted so I went with the house made Blueberry ice cream. For the price, the portion was great, but the ice cream itself was excellent and chocked full of fresh blueberries. A+.I will return to try a few other items that caught my eye.Henry
4	Ok so my first experience with this place was in the summer of 2012 all I could say was fail.   It's been almost 2 years and was near and had about two hours to kill..read some positive reviws and said why not I heard they had redone the place and had new owners.  Well I am glad I did.   Beer selection is great had a few great choices for me and the wife as we are on opposite sides of the beer spectrum.  Now the food. ..I would have say very interesting menu.   I went for the black and blue burger.  Is it good when the juices are running down your arm?  Uhhh ya... Cooked to requested temp.  Nice.   The wife had their Nan bread Flatbread, pretty tasty also. I was not that impressed with the fried pickles.. but no doubt we will be back.
1	I don't usually create reviews, but...  Had lunch here for the first time and it was terrible.  Asked for the burger to be cooked medium and received a well done burger.  Tastes like rubber.  Received our appetizer within 20 mins and the meal within 2 mins after the appetizer.  Had to send back the appetizer.  The waiter mixed up our meal with the other tables meal.  I overheard her send back the sandwich we ordered.  This place is not busy and there is no excuse for it.  I am disappointed and will not return.  I'm sure their doors will close if they don't change their business.
4	Way nicer inside than you'd expect. Nice beer selection, comfortable booths, lots of TVs. Typical bar food and some strange table-next-to-booth configurations drops it from 5 to 4 stars.
3	Great place, very nice and clean, friendly staff, amazing beer selection. BUT, they are SO slow. If you order a beer, it should be at your table in 2-3 minutes - not 8-10. And, if you run out of something - you should tell the table that immediately. They are consistently slow.... If you're a slow person - then you'll love this place.
5	NEW FAVORITE PLACE IN GILBERT. If u have young families I've seen servers give treats while little ones waited for food. Whenever I ask my 7 & 5 yr old niece & nephew where I can take them.   Always HOB b/c u never know what special treats they have for kids, no charge they know we have ask b/c it sometimes changes. The give the MAC N CHZ A 20 with both their hands up. Who would like a "bar" is so family friendly and ALL THE FOOD AND DRINKS KICK BUTT!! They make their own ice cream everyday & the call Sundays "SUNDAE FUNDAY" u get huge bowl of ice cream  and there's a table with at least 30 toppings to make u own. It goes til they sell out of IceCream. Whole family loves it. Sometimes we eat dessert for dinner on r backwards days 2x p/month!!
4	Still love the place and will continue to frequent ! But I must say that on several occasions I have witnessed Tim " the bartender" be beyond rude and flippant to several customers ! It's too bad !
4	After a few visits to HOB, my experiences can be summarized: great craft selection, decent food, decent service and reasonable prices.Until my most recent visit, there have been only a few occasions that I have requested to try a new beer and it was out. However, when I invited several of my friends to dinner on a Saturday night the experience was much different. Many of the selections were tapped out and it was difficult for the waitress to know which ones would be available.During busy times, the wait for beer can seem a bit long. But, the waiters were great about letting us know if there was a big group in the back. Also, because the beer would fluctuate on availability, this would cause a lot of back and forth visits to tables. All around the waiters and bartenders have been very kind and patient.Food is pretty good. I will have to agree with other reviews: it seems impossible to get your burgers cooked as requested. A friend and I ordered medium well and the meat was cooked to a crisp. BUT! The baked mac and cheese--- oh my gosh!!! So good!!!!! I would forgo any of the burgers just to have the baked mac and cheese.Price is reasonable for the food and beer selection-- provided you get your correct order and they have available beers.Okay I admit it. . . . I am just disappointed that the one time I want to show this place off to my friends they really let me down with the selection :( If it weren't for this thorn in my side- I would give 5 stars!
4	Yes, Im a fan of the HOB, the place gets better and better. They have a great craft beer selection, and the bartenders have a good knowledge of what they're selling. I can't speak for the food, I've only drank here. Great beer menu on 4 TV screens next to the bar is pretty cool. Keep it up HOB!!!!
1	We have been wanting to try this place for awhile. First we asked for a beer menu and they told us we had to check the website for it. We ordered our food and the kids food came out but not ours. Our kid's were done eating when ours finally arrived. My salad was wilted, no dressing and they forgot the grilled chicken. I told the waitress and she brought out the chicken and dressing. Chicken was tasteless and the dressing tasted like old olive oil. My husband's last chicken wings was raw when he bit into it. They took the salad off the bill. Then waitress was nice and apologetic but the kitchen needs help. We were beyond unimpressed with the food. It took to long for raw, tasteless food and over priced food. If we ever go back it will be just for the beer.
4	This is pretty cool bar for beer lovers. There's a huge selection of drafts and to help you make a selection there are a couple of big screens showing what's on tap (most of them anyway). The information includes the name of the beer, the brewer, alcohol content and even a little icon that tells you how much is left in the keg. I have only had a couple of meals there but have no complaints about either. The only thing that kept me from giving this place the fifth star is the service form behind the bar. The guys that have served me in the past have acted like they would rather be someplace else. I can't say they were rude, just not friendly.
3	Stopped in for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. Service was poor but the food was good. We were greeted quickly and shown to our booth. Our server came over with a beer list that looks like it had been caught in the middle of a food fight. The list had a lot of beers crossed off and then she spouted off more beers they didn't have. I wasn't impressed. We both ordered a chicken sandwich which was very tasty but when I asked for a side of ranch, I waited and waited and waited. Finally, someone else brought it to me. Our server seemed more interested in chit chatting than actually serving us. You can't rely on your good looks forever honey, eventually you'll have to do your job correctly.
4	Pretty cool place...All the staff were friendly. .never seen so many beers..wow...plenty of tv's..had some nachos were pretty good..good tables. .I would definitely come back..
1	Raw chicken wings..........lousy Food all together, and yes i gave it three tries. Good beer menu but do not eat here. you were warned people.HZ
2	I live near by and visit often. I like the atmosphere. But the service really needs help. There is only one bartender at all times. For that size of place especially during happy hour. I think if they would add a bar back or another bartender this would help immensely. The wait time to get a beer or food is ridiculous.
3	Kind of dive/sports bar with a solid selection of craft beer.Service was good, but the food menu & quality left a lot to be desired.  The good selection of beers comes at a price here, many in the $7 + category.I'd recommend it if you want to watch a game, aren't hungry and don't mind paying a bit of a premium for good beer.
3	Good beer of course. Burgers are never cooked to our liking so they need to try to fix that. But overall a decent neighborhood bar w lots of televisions.
1	I've been to hob twice. Once a couple months ago months ago we went with a huge party and my order never came out after a hour I had to go to work. Well I was walking out the door and my food came out. I told them to keep it. I just left hob a hour ago decided on giving it another try. It was busy. Service was slow but it shouldn't take 40 minutes to put in our order and another 30 minutes for wings and nachos to come out. The nachos were dry like hey been sitting under the heater and the wing were cold on the outside and warm in the middle. Our server never came back to see us or how our food was. If you like sitting around waiting for cold food this is your place.
4	I was very surprised how good this place was. Obviously a local favorite judging by the patrons. All seemed to know each other and having a good time.  This will become one of my local stops for sure.
5	Great food, friendly attentive waitresses, and a great selection of beers on tap.  If I lived closer id be there all the time! HahaThere are plenty of nice size tv's too if you are there for games.
4	Love the TVs and that they take reservations on Football Sundays...  The service is so slow...  You may end up eating limb before getting waited on. Sometimes they have sewer issues and the bar smells awful.
5	Outstanding new GM, Patrick is doing an awesome job! Same friendly staff but it's very evident lots of service training has done.  Everyone seems to work as a team and there's minimal wait time for food. New Executive chef is GREAT!! Lots of new daily specials. Food is even better than a few months ago. Hats off to the owners for encouraging lots of smiles and changing things up. Favorite place in East Valley!!
4	Great food!  Been here for lunch at least 3 times since it is close to my office.  Prime Dip sandwich is tasty, and there is a reasonably-priced lunch special where you can order 1/2 sandwich with soup or salad or side.  Servers were always pleasant and attentive.  Bill comes inside a book that you can write comments in which is cool, because you can see what others have written too. Not fancy ambiance, but a happy and comfortable place.  Love this place. : )
1	Went in there with the family and waitress was the only one there and said that it would take us about 30 to 45 minutes to get any service so we just left what stinks because it's close to the house and really wanted to find a bar to take the family have a drink and watch a couple games maybe I'll give it another shot in a week or so.
5	I have been here twice with my husband and two small kids. This is a sports bar type place and I usually don't like to take my kids into bars. Luckily for me they are a very friendly bunch and also have kids menus and crayons. We came in here to watch a specific game and the manager was wonderful and accommodating. The waitress was great and on point the entire time. The food was great. I had the Reuben and my husband had the Mac and cheese. They have a huge selection of specialty beer. Which makes sense because of their name. Overall the place has a good feel and We will go back again.
5	Great beer selection!  Even if you don't like beer the dry rub wings are worth the time.  Server was knowledgeable and attentive.  Only downside, flights are 8 oz pours.  Would be better of they dropped down to 4 oz.
3	I've been here a couple of times, and I don't think it's anything special. The service is hit or miss, the food is just ok, some tvs in the bar area. They do have a pretty good beer selection, with good daily specials.
5	Have been going here since it opened. Large beer selection for him, daughter rates the Mac and cheese as a 10  1/2 (she uses HOB as the standard) and today I had the most delicious grilled portobello sandwich ever!!
4	Favorite place for great beer selection...and good food too! :) changing up.their menu as of tomorrow!. Can't wait to see the new eats :)
5	Service was perfect,  nice and quick! Food was yummy . I got the blue burger and mac and cheese cooked perfect. Wifey got the chili she like it. Selection of beer is plentiful!  Thank you house of brews for becoming awesome! I'll come back for sure.
3	We love House of Brews and still do for drinks. The new menu seems a little odd for a brew pub. Gone are the brats, basic cheeseburger and French dip. They have been replaced by chicken liver mousse, a yellow fin burger and chorizo mussels. At least the Mac and cheese is still on the menu, even if it's no longer build your own.
1	Wow...this place has really gone down. New menu and chef...very sad. Meat pie was burnt on top raw, on bottom, liquids in middle.  Very disappointed. We won't be back.
5	We always enjoy our overall experience here. The staff is friendly and the beer selection is awesome and the new menu is pretty impressive. Trivia on Wednesday nights is always fun. If you haven't been recently, I'd suggest another go. Great after work or Sunday game hang out.
2	This place is always out of beer they have such a great selection but never available and the food is terrible. It's only good for a beer or 2.
1	This place was sooo good at one time...then they went and changed their menu. With the new management, changed menu and HORRIBLE service this place is no longer worth the drive. We live a half a mile away, just to give you an idea...
2	Since they lost their chef, the food has really tanked. Now they have come out with a new, condensed menu. Less choice, did not equate to better consistent meals.  I used to go at least once a week, but now I am not sure even their extensive beer selection will be enough to get us to keep coming.
5	Spent an amazing night here at HOB. Danielle was one of the best waitresses I have had in a long time, the beer selection was excellent, and the Roast Beast sandwich was perfectly cooked. Live music was also really really good. You should  come to this bar! I know I will be back.
5	I tried the roast beast sandwich which was excellent. The Mac and cheese is great as well. Steven helped us choose the perfect beer for our tastes. Best beer list around!
3	Hey folks,We just had an awesome experience at House of Brews (Gilbert). Great Food. And great people.  T. D.  From Gilbert, AZ
2	We have been going to HOB for about a year and it quickly became our family's go to restaurant. With the recent menu change/price increase we are disappointed. My favorite salad is now $12 with no chicken? Buffalo chips, hummus, lettuce wraps, bacon cheeseburger, edamame, prime rib flatbread (THE BEST!), prime rib sliders, (among other favorites) are no longer available?!? $2 extra to change from unhealthy fries to a side salad? It's lettuce people...And not much on the menu under $10, not even the daily specials. HOB was a local bar with affordable food and great beer selection that we frequented at least once a week. Wish they would have kept it that way. Have to say we were disappointed to say the least.
