4	The Common Market is the best place to go for single good beers- they even let you drink them in the store or on their patio.  Besides having a huge selection of beer and wine, they also have a deli during the day-time that makes great sandwiches, etc.  I also love to browse the candy and assorted treats that the Common Market offers.  This place functions as a convenience store and a deli, but at night it also becomes a hang out for hip locals who wants to relax on the patio and drink and smoke cigarettes.  Open until 2 am!!
4	I'm not sure if the owner is a fan of bicycling, but a lot of bikers(human powered) like to hang out here. I often make the trek around town and made the common market my pitstop for a can of santa cruz lemondae. I haven't tried the deli, but there is a small farmers market on tuesday from 4-6 and saturdays 10-12 outside of the common market under a few shady oaks.  people sell vegetables, hand-made soap and candles, fresh herbs, and jewelry. be sure to check it out on your bike or even your car.
5	I live just down Commonwealth and absolutely going to Common Market to get one of there deli sandwiches!  The Californian is my favorite.  They have a great wine and beer selection as well and have wine tastings and other events throughout the week!  Check 'em out!
3	Finally a place where health food nuts and junk food nuts can come together.  Wide selection of chips, beef jerky, power bars, soda, energy drinks and nonsequeters such as bacon flavored toothpics.  The deli has fresh sandwiches and wraps which is their strong point.Phoned in orders never come out right.  So it's better to order in than to call ahead.  If you stand there and watch them make it, it will be perfect.  They have seating if you want to have your snack and soda pronto.  And they also sell coffee, wine, and beer.
5	SO CRUCIAL.  Well picked wine and beer selection at nice prices.  Deli is open till three.  Best to get them made to order - the cold case sucks comparatively.  Awesome enclosed outdoor area.  Feels continental.  Decorated with liberal propaganda much of which is pretty lulzy.I have to throw this out there that mixing the framboise with the double chocolate stout is awesome.  So awesome I kicked myself in the head.  Almost.
5	This place is a daytime dive bar, gas station, TGIF on crack with Pabst signs and pinatas dangling from the ceiling.  The inside is stacked with snacks and coolers of any type of beer imaginable.  The beer selection is as affordable as a grocery store, with Kirin Ichiban 22ozs for only 2.50.  So, grab a beer and head outside to the back porch and paint on the benches or bring a laptop to write.  It is a communal atmosphere with friendly guests who respect the joint.  It's easy to get lost in the view of urban decay with an Irish sized beer mug in hand, and the music is anything from Radiohead to The Mighty Mighty Bosstones.  Drop on in and drop out!
4	Will be back!Big sandwiches, great chip selection, and great  prices for what you get!
4	It's a little pricey in my opinion, but the Common Market is one of the greatest places to find some interesting vegetarian lunch foods in Charlotte. I enjoy their barbeque tofu, and they've got some fantastic sandwiches. The whole she-bang will usually run you around $7, which is expensive when you think you could get the same deal from Subway for significantly less...but you feel better in your soul when you eat local! Common Market is near Yoga One, which is where I get my downward dog on, so I find myself over there a lot. The staff is friendly, the wine and beer selection is top-knotch, and the food is good.Another of my favorite parts of this shop is their little weird toy section. I have a stretchy, squishy, sticky red pig that I keep in my kitchen window that came from there, and also a set of unicorn action figures emblazoned with the Russian hammer and sickle vs. one with the US flag pattern. Where do they find this stuff?
4	This neighborhood hangout//convenience store offers a deli and Swig, a bar that now has a couple beers on tap. They have free wine tastings and a DJ every Thursday night. The place is usually packed, but it's a fun way to spend your evening You can grab a six-pack of an obscure brew and drink it right there at one of the tables inside or on the (somewhat hidden) patio outside. On a nice day, the patio is a great place to sit and relax. But after a rainstorm, it can be pretty gross out there. Common Market has a great selection of wine and beer, but it's often pricier than the Harris Teeter. For example, a bottle of Riesling might go for $10 there while it's $7 at the Teeter. But Common Market is open well past 10, when the Teeter and other shops close, so it's your best bet for late-night beer/wine runs.
5	Gold mine!I visited this place recently with my brother.  After a long afternoon of outdoor labor, I was more than excited to hear that we were going to purchase a couple of cold ones to unwind. When we pulled up to this place, I thought to myself "Where in the hell has he brought me?" I definitely learned that you cannot judge a book by its cover after visiting this place.  We made our way to the back of the store near the beer display case where my brother began to strike up a conversation with a man whom he knows simply as "the beer man". I don't know if I would ever want to be affectionately known as the beer man myself, but this man has definitely earned the moniker in my eyes.Glancing at the beer display, I quickly realized that I was familiar with less than 20% of the beer selections and had actually only had about 10%.  Thats where the beer man comes in.  I think he could sense the hesitation in me with regards to my search, so he came over and began to give us a ten minute spiel on the different kinds of beers that he stocks, what they taste like, what they are made from, where they are brewed, etc. We went with his recommendation and were very satisfied with our purchase.It is interesting to see the very different blend of people that frequent this place. I even saw a guy there that was dressed like Prince from the Purple Rain movie.If you are looking to sit back and drink a good beer rather than the traditional busch or miller product, I would highly recommend making your way to the Common Market for a wide range of quality beer selections.Oh yeah, they have other stuff too.
5	It's neither common, nor is it really a "market," since you can sip, nosh, and sometimes listen there. I just love this place. It's one of the reasons I chose to locate so close by. From its sandwich delights, to its yummy handmade desserts, to its awesome well-priced selection of beer and wine, this place has got it covered. And where else can you find so many groovy kitschy bumper-stickers, buttons, and toys (a la Archie MePhee)? Years ago, even my eighty-something grandmother accompanied me here, and she loved it, too! The Common Market has captured an uncommon niche. It's a place where even weird folks are just folks.
5	I love the Common Market. They have a great beer/wine selection and a patio to hang out on and drink. Awesome deli. Cool toys and neat stuff for people who like bacon. It's my go to spot for switchblade combs.
5	Here in Chicago we have plenty of BYOB restaurants, but nothing can top the experience of Charlotte's Common Market. I have fond memories of my visits to the Common Market over the years. March of '05 was my first visit. There, I purchased my first bottle of Pom and my first bottle of wine. On that same day, I learned that filling an empty Pom bottle with red wine makes for a perfect disguise. Since then, I always make it a point to rally some friends together and head here to drink in their quaint courtyard. Not only is the beer and wine selection incredible, and not only do they provide glasses for you to immediately begin drinking, they also have an fantastic community board that can help guide an outsider to the best nightlife in the city.
5	Gotta love CM. Employees are always chill and awesome, their beer selection is tops (come with some cash to spend, microbrews are not cheap), and the deli kicks booty for both meaters and non-meaters alike. I have to admit a current addiction to the chickpea-batter fried cashews-- its like a cashew falafel, SO good.
5	I have to say I have had MANY good nights here!!! The wine is cheap the crowd is different but fun and if your in the mood for good different beers this is a good spot!! I love sitting outside in the alley on a nice night!! Cant wait for CM to open in Southend April 1st!!!
5	I've been going to CM for years. This place is seriously cool. Now I live in SC and I even see CM stickers on cars down here. That should tell you something.
4	There is nothing common about The Common Market, whose mascot appears to be a drawing of a little sandwich with arms and legs with the motto "Uber Deli"  - small red square stickers that can be had for free.  Located in the Plaza Midwood neighborhood of Charlotte, this was one of Charlotte's earliest neighborhoods, which dates back to 1903, when its first avenues were plotted.  Plaza Midwood, as the area is known, is now home to the hipster crowd, with several blocks of turn of the century buildings offering MidCentry Modern furnishings, clothing and other brick a brack. The Common Market offers many alternative lunching options from the usual fried choices of The South, including a vegan sandwiches, wraps and salad selections in the deli as well as colorfully named sandwiches that include meat such as the "Simple Simon", "Billy Club" and "Evil Homer". Alternatives to high fructose corn syrup laden soft drinks include brands made with - real sugar, a novelty in this day of cutting corners and expanding waistlines. The clientele, on my visit, ranged from the hipster tattooed crowd to  locals buying a sandwiches. The Common Market is a cool little store, any city would be lucky to have an outpost of this market.
5	Common Market is one of the best hangouts in Charlotte. It has an amazing beer and wine selection and everyone is extremely friendly. Tends to get a little crowded but even with a full house this place is great to hang out in. Bring your dog, grab a beer and join in on a very cool crowd.
4	I have just discovered the Common Market and I couldn't be happier that I did.  It reminds me of a funky little deli from back home so it gives me the warm fuzzies while I peruse their killer beer selection.  They have everything a micro brew lover could want, including big bottles and single serve, build your own 6 packs.  They also have a great wine selection and they even carry sake!  There are lots of snacks, breakfast items, and organic choices, as well as off the wall treats and trinkets like "Obama-mints."  I have never actually eaten at the deli, but I'm sure it's great too.  Oh and you can also buy single cigarettes for 33 cents.....so, if you are craving just one, CM is the place to go.
4	Ended up here by chance since the restaurant I wanted to go to had lost power but was pleasantly surprised. It was a Sunday night so it was pretty low key but the food was really good (try the braised pork) and they had they had Delirium on draft. I will definitely go back.
5	I have spent many Wednesday nights at the Common Market for their fantastic beer tastings.  Tommy does an excellent job of bringing in interesting microbrews from around the world for everyone to try.  The Common Market routinely gets beers before anyone else in the Charlotte area.  The selection is hard to beat and is always changing.  The staff are wonderful and attentive and know their beers!  And yes, there are hipsters galore, but when there's good beer, who cares?
5	Having just moved to Plaza Midwood from Los Angeles, I have to say, I love the unpretentiousness of this place! It's right across the street from my new place, so I'm there almost everyday. I love everything about it. The owner is very cool, and I dig that they play great music. The other day I heard Op Ivy and it made me feel like I was in high school again! I'm a musician, so I'm definitely interested in checking out the bands on weekends. Haven't done the "beer" night either, but sounds totally fun. They have an amazing selection of beer and sake and their deli is always super good for lunch. i recommend the grilled cheese with tomato or the California. So yeah, it's a bunch of hipsters maybe, but I LOVE this place. It's totally original!
4	There's nothing I can write that hasn't been said about this place already.    The patio is a great - and inexpensive - alternative to hanging out at some bar.  Wish they had a bit more in the way of food, but overall, nice job, CM!
4	I came here to meet some friends for lunch while in Charlotte recently and was impressed.  They have a great selection of wine and beer (in single bottles as well as six-packs) and a deli with some fun sandwich/wrap combinations.  Also, there's a fun outdoor space in the back that is perfect for a relaxing lunch or, even better, day drinking.
5	Everybody should love The Common Market. Its great. The live music is usually pretty awesome. The drink and food selection is good (and they carry Burt's Bees, another plus!) and the people are fun. There are very few things that can beat cracking open a fresh snapple and sitting down at the common market to people watch on a Friday Night ;)
5	Fantastic place, which I now like even better because they host the Tailgate Market on Saturday mornings during the winter.  Also, they have a bunch of great wines priced under $10, in a big vintage hardware store rack as you walk in the door.  That's great stuff.  Fun beers, including some great organic ciders.  A big bin of local pecans by the register (in the shells) that you can buy in bulk.  Yummy brownies and cookies.  Great sandwiches made to order at the deli, including several vegan options.  Organic chocolates.  Fair trade coffees and Dilworth Coffee Co. by the cup.  A pretty little courtyard.  Lots of snacks packed to go.  Beer and wine tasting nights. And finally, breakfast seven days a week!  What's not to love??
3	maybe I'm missing my deli market from back home, or maybe I'm just a snob, but this just doesn't cut it for me.  It's ok, it has a better than decent beer and wine selection but the deli falls flat. Boars head is not deli meat, or at least not deli meat to be proud of. I mean its fine for a grocery store, but it's not  crap your pants good.  I recently ran to over there hoping to get a loaf of bread to bring home for a dip we made and they only had pre sliced bread, it was a let down.   I also find the staff a little snobby for the product that they carry, but what can you do.  It is great as a wine/beer store, crappy as a deli, so thats why it lands at a three.    For what its worth, my wife is obviously a little meaner than me and said she has a hard time giving it anything higher than a two.  She might be right.
4	What I like so much about Common Market is the wine selection.  They have unusual and hard-to-find wines.  I believe I will miss this place when I move.
2	I'm definitely going against the grain on this review compared to many others before me. I'm not quite sure what the fuss is about. Husband and I were driving around looking for someplace new to try..."The Common Market has so many great reviews, let's do it." The parking lot is small, but we found a place to park. I thought, "Wow, this place is hopping already. Can't wait!" However, once we entered everything came to a screeching halt. It's a weird combination of convenience store meets deli meets poor college student's rental home. There's stuff EVERYWHERE and it's completely overwhelming. The deli is on the side and there's a little bell to ring when you want to order...apparently there's cooler places to be and people to hang with when they're not serving up sandwiches and soup. The atmosphere is not really chill and "hippie-esce" like I was anticipating. It was more edgy and raw, which was not appealing or inviting for my taste. The music was not laid-back, more like aggressive.We grabbed a tea and headed out only to top it off with the cashier saying that they do not accept credit cards unless the sale was over $5. Grabbed some munchies to push us over the mark (one drink, one package of crackers for nearly $7 = robbery). Geez. Plus side: They do have a huge variety of beers and wines. Seems like people get pretty comfortable.Downside: Not for me.
4	Awe-inspring beer selection!!! It even rivals the craft beer selection in megastores like Total Wine.VERY well-edited market selection as well - I was very impressed that one could find fresh local handmade pastas (filled and not) & sauces, regional handmade mustards, homemade hummus, fresh baked local breads, and even local cheese in such a tiny storefront.The sandwiches are made on the same local bread and are hearty, cheap, and quality. I would definitely come back here for a cheap meal and a good beer in a really fun environment if I find myself in Charlotte again.
4	I only go about once a year when visiting a friend but if I didn't live 887 miles away I would be there a few times a week. The sandwich selection is great- even for vegetarians! The fact that you can grab a single beer out of the cooler yourself to go with your sandwich amazes me.
5	Common Market is a hip, cool urban market that makes fantastic sandwiches, sells delicious beer wine and other beverages and offers all kinds of snacks and treats and toys. There are great options for vegetarians (but the chicken salad is a standout if that's your thing). It is one of the very few places in Charlotte that has real authentic character. I love the folks that work there and you can tell that they love working there, too. South End location is awesome too.
5	I love this place. It's so laid back, GREAT beers, cool crowd. No yuppies (that I could tell). Hard to find in Charlotte.
5	Excellent beer selection, delicious deli, enjoyable people watching- what more can someone want?
4	Common Market is the freakin' jam!  If you're in Plaza-Midwood and scoping out a convenience store/coffee house/beer market/bakery, you should visit this place.  It's practically a hipster general store.They have a lunch counter that is packed at lunchtime.  Your typical lunch counter staples, like reuben on rye, clubs, and paninis, but with fancier breads, meats, and cheeses.   They have a convenience store selection of chips and homemade cookies/brownies to complete your lunch. Did I mention that they are several brews of coffee?  Plus, its only a $1 if you bring your own mug!  The beverage selection is out of this world!  Many foreign brands with many, many syllables.  Common Market is also loaded with hipster trinkets;  like dress-up Jesus magnets, cooler and more socially conscious-than-thou bumper stickers, and "papers"...he he.  So if you want to get your lunch on, caffeine on, or just roll your own...this is your joint.
4	Very chill spot to grab a drink and a GREAT sandwich!Alot of various hard to find drink's to choose from. Love that they have drinks I remember from my childhood.The few times we have been, the staff have been really personable and make you feel at home. Anytime we are on that side of Charlotte and want a sandwich and a drink...this is our spot!Real neighborhood feel!
5	Probably my favorite place in Charlotte.  Last summer my best friend and I and another group of kids called ourselves "common market orphans".  We'd all meet there in the middle of the day for some scrabble or crossword and start drinking well into the evening.  Definitely some of my favorite times, and where I've met a lot of my friends.  An awesome place to come pre-game before heading out to the other bars in Plaza Midwood for the night.  If I could give it 10 stars I would!!!
5	Reviewing Common Market on Yelp seems almost like a right of passage. Will I be the first yelper to extoll the virtues of this deli/convenience store/bar? By no means, but do I honestly value this local gem? You bet your bottom dollar! Common Market's strength is that it can be many things depending on what you need. Hungry for a meal? Go into the deli and you can choose from one of their concoctions (I recommend the reuben on rye, no mustard) or make up one of your own. Vegetarian? They have plenty of options for you as well (The mid-eastern wrap is particularly tasty). Just looking for a snack to quell the (possibly late night) munchies? They have all kinds of tasty chips, pretzels, cookies and soft drinks to satisfy.Oh, you wanted a slightly stronger drink? Well you are sure in the right place. Chilled, room temp, individual, 6-packed, in a case or on tap, Common Market has a beer selection to astound. Whether it's a PBR night or you are looking for your favorite craft brew they are prepared. I should mention they also sell wine, but with so many unique beers I tend to forget.Did you want more of a destination than a grab and go? No problem. They've got tables inside and out on their patio. They have weekly live music performances. Or you could just pick up a copy of the paper and do the crossword.Worried about parking? They have spaces in the front, a lot in the back, there is street parking and a large lot around the corner. Oh, and they have bike racks out back.Do be advised that they have a $5 credit/debit minimum, so have cash if you are just grabbing a snack or drink.
2	After reading the reviews of this place on here and on beer advocate I was really looking forward to this place. Once I got there the place was not at all what I was expecting. Kind of a strange place with a deli, convenience store, beer/wine store, and a small bar/eating area. They had a few good beers on tap, and a ton of good bottled beer as well. That being said, the place seems a little disorganized, and there is not much in the way of seating. I had a question or two about some of the beers, and the employee that I talked to seemed to be annoyed that I had the nerve to bother him. Really the only thing that the place had going for it was the beer selection, and I would rather stick with Brawleys, especially given the difference in the level of service between the two...
3	Forgive this post. It's late, and I'm a bit rusty.Last week, a coworker and I went to the Common Market for sandwiches. Hailing, most recently, from Chicago and, before that, Savannah, GA, I've experienced some awesome healthy-minded grocery stores. CM was right on par with some of my favorite markets elsewhere. The food was great. I ordered the club sandwich, which was not only made awesome, but was also reasonably priced. The shop itself, as previously stated, reminded me a lot of some of my other favorite markets of the same genre. And, being that I'm not quite the fan of Charlotte yet, it was nice to experience a place, in the city, that brought me back.As for the staff, they were quick, friendly, and efficient. My only complaint was that I had to ask for a bag at the counter, to carry my lunch out.Overall, I'd say CM is a place I'm glad I found in Charlotte. Personally, it brings back some good memories of places I've loved, and they have great sandwiches. Fin.
5	Just went today fir the first time. Great atmosphere, good food (blt) and great drink selection. I'll be back!!
4	Cool place with lots of neat things for sale.  Excellent selection of beers and wines.  Great deli and nice area to chill outside!
4	The Common Market is a magnet for the more interesting, artistic sort of people in Charlotte. This location, nestled into Plaza Midwood, accentuates this fact with crazy things hanging on the wall, live music on occasion and a broad variety of beverages (ranging from off-brand cane sugar sodas like Boylan to PBR to tasty Belgians and beer snob can appreciate.There isn't as much sitting room inside at this location as the Dilworth location, but its still a nice hangout.
5	See other CM review... they all rock.Please open one in ATL.
5	Very casual atmosphere.  I love it here.  It's super relaxed and friendly.  Their carrot cake is to die for.  Will definitely visit regularly!
4	Pretty cool place that is definitely unique and enjoyable to visit.  I got the Reuben sandwich and a bag of chips.  I was very thirsty, having ridden my bike to uptown from university city and then back up to The Common Market and wished I could've filled up my water bottle.  Knowing that this place is pretty cyclist friendly I was hoping I might be able to top off, but had to settle for a bottle of water instead.  The food was excellent, but my three items together cost me $8.50 which is a little bit high I'd say.  Some guy was camping out in the bathroom and I couldn't find anywhere else to wash my hands.  The workers weren't overly friendly, but were at least OK.  All-in-all a nice place I'd like to revisit.
5	Hello awesomeness!  My boyfriend and I have been here together and alone more times than we can count. This place rocks my world. Whether I am building my own wrap or sandwich, or just ordering their straight chicken salad special, it's always fresh delicious and more than plenty to eat. Some of their soups aren't half bad either (broccoli cheese, mmmmmmm). The little novelty shop is so funny and I love buying gag gifts for people. Also, they have a great great great craft beer selection. Some of the 6 packs can get a teeny bit pricey, but then again you are paying for specialty beer that can be very hard to find.  And they always have great little treats like pumpkin cupcakes with cream cheese frosting or other assorted pastries and fresh baked goods at the register with the super friendly staff. I should say, this review is about the Plaza Midwood location. I know there are 1 or 2 others, but I've only been to this one. I wish Common Market was open 24/7 7 days a week!
5	Thomas and his gang over here ooze with everything that I love about Charlotte - friendly, down to earth, come as you area attitudes that make you feel good about whatever you are (crust punk? banker? dog lover? bible thumper?).A great selection of cold beer, they've got 4 taps here and a great deli serving up some vegan/veggie/carnivore treats throughout the day and early evening. Everything's fresh which is nice compared to the other quick places in the area that seem to deep fry their best stuff (hushhhhpupppppieeeeesssss). Along with some novelty items, you can also pick up some standards incase HT across the street is closed. Be sure to check out their outdoor patio area, too! It gets crowded quick but on a nice evening it's the place to be, often times with live music!
5	Yes, I know.. this place doesn't need yet another five star review.. but I just had to chime in.. I used to live about two blocks from there and its one of my most favorite treats to give myself!!    All the facts have been reported, but for sheer enjoyable food and great atmosphere check it out.
5	The original Common Market in Plaza-Midwood is, simply put, a landmark location in my life. When I first moved to Charlotte, I didn't have a clue what to do or where to hang out. My first visit to Plaza-Midwood (on Record Store Day 2009) involved a trip to Lunchbox and then to the old Penguin. Afterwards, I didn't have a clue what to do and I stumbled across the street into the Common Market. I didn't have a clue what it was. It went something like this.Wow, this is really interesting. A deli? Ice cream and snacks? Oh, sweet, there's a bunch of coolers in the back. Wait - craft beers? I had a place like this back at Virginia Tech. I'll grab something for home. He just asked me if I wanted it opened? Uhm... I don't get it. Hold on. Those guys are drinking. Now I'm drinking. So it's like a self-serve bar? There's food? Snacks? What's on this patio? Oh nice, more people. There's music here tonight? Sweet. If I had an assistant, I'd tell her to cancel all my appointments. I'm going to be here a while.Simply put, Common Market is the hangout for all the crazy hipsters and young adults that are refusing to grow up and work in a cube. But the interesting thing is, just like the (old) Penguin, those people are here too - and we all just get along. I made my first friends in Charlotte here after nine fruitless months going to Meetup events and stumbling around at Evening Muse and other NoDa hangouts. Common Market was exactly what I was looking for - great people drinking great beer in a great place.Since then, I've been to CM (probably) dozens or hundreds of times - it's not just a store or bar to visit, it's a central part of my routine. I have formed friendships with the staff there. Brad, especially; he's my beer guide and has taken the time to remember my name and what kind of stuff I like and he's shown me a few choice bottles that I wouldn't have looked at otherwise. CM's one of the reasons I moved to Plaza-Midwood. It's also one of the reasons I stayed when offered by my work to relocate to Phoenix. It's where I go when I don't know what else to do. It's where me and my friends have probably our best memories or started our most exciting nights.Common Market is, simply, part of our lives.
5	i  love the cm for a quick fix on food and drinks! its also fun to hang out and drink wine too! im a fan!
3	Not being a native of Charlotte I was kind of perplexed when my friend asked if I wanted to go to Common Market at around 10pm for a Friday night out. I suppose I was thinking what's so fun about going to a grocery/deli at night? Well I was in for a surprise when I got there. The place is packed and parking was almost impossible, and it didn't help that people parked extremely close to me after I arrived making backing out of my parking spot a very tedious job.Once inside you're greeted by music, friendly people and a huge selection of drinks. They have tons of beers here and it seems like a great hang out spot. However I'm allergic to beer so it wasn't really an option for me and since they don't really have much else to offer in the evenings I felt a bit out of place when I was pretty much the only person who didn't buy a beer.The location is great during cool/warm weather since it is close to a lot of other attractions of the Plaza Midwood area though. A variety of bars such as Snug Harbor, and Petra's along with restaurants such as the Diamond are in walking distance of where you park!Not really my type of scene but the sandwiches sound extremely delicious here so I'll have to stop by for lunch to try them out sometime.
5	Super impressed with the Common Market.  After having a wonderful filling meal at the  Diamond... we moseyed on over to the Common Market.  We actually had a mission to find a couple specific beers that we had sampled at the BBQ, Beer, and Bourbon Festival at Southpark the other weekend.I was a Common Market Virgin up to this point, but as soon as you walk in the door, the place and ambiance gives you a huge hug of uniqueness - music is blaring, tons of selections of beer and wine,  people having good conversation, or just hanging out on their tiny, but awesome patio.We definitely had fun looking for the beer... AND WE FOUND IT!  Well, just one of the two kinds we were pining for.  I ended up being intrigued by a bottle of wine (it's label and description drew me in)...  I know where to start stalking my wine collection from now!  Very excited and I know I will be back to enjoy the Common Market again.
4	This place has an old school punk feel too it. Every inch of store space has something to catch the eye. The small outside are is littered with stickers and graffiti. The only reason this place doesn't have get 5 stars is the seating. There is not much of it and some of the chairs are not very comfortable.The fact you can get vegan potato salad here is awesome! They have a lot of variety and snack foods for vegan/vegetarian folk, and the prices are very reasonable. I love that this place is like a little beer shop you can drink at, aka, they don't have jacked up prices on beer. They also have a great selection beer.Also all the people who work here are very nice and friendly. I always feel welcome and enjoy the good vibes put out but the employees and most of the patrons. This is a great place to relax with some good food and drink, but not so much the ideal place for a date.
5	As if anything negative can be said about the CM Commonwealth. This is one of my favorite places in Charlotte and I go there as often as I can. Walking in is like entering a cave of wonders. The entire place if filled with all sorts of snack foods and sundries which are unique, interesting and fun.The deli is another great feature of this gem which has many a unique and great tasting sammiches along with a variety of other packaged food that range from vegan dished I'd never dare touch to great individual salads.Which brings to my favorite part of the place, being a beer nerd and all, the nearly unlimited selection of beers and wine. The Common Market boasts not only of a large selection of macro and micro brews but with a staff that truly enjoys and is knowledgeable of all things beer. Tom, Jason and the rest of the staff can not only pour you a perfect pint but give you all sorts of data and unique facts of whatever you're drinking. Wednesday nights' free tastings are great for those venturing out into the craft beer world as you can sample a variety of beers for free.The CM has the feel of a backyard lounge where all your friends will eventually swing by or come to hang out. Everyone seems to know each other and the crowd is very varied and eclectic (I've always wanted to use that word).Ultimately, the CM is a great place to hang out and relax as most anyone will find something for them there.
4	I use to frequent the other location but after moving this is my new CM. A few things of note about this location:Seating is horrible...They have room for more tables but for some reason they just don't put them in. If they changed things around they could make more bar seating or add more regular seating. That being said if you're cool with standing and/or leaning while drinking this shouldn't be an issue for you. Outdoor patio is a smoke-fest. If you don't smoke it is reeeeaaaalllly tough to enjoy sitting outside here. Everyone does it and they don't have enough space (very narrow patio) to do it in. Now on to the good stuff: Staff here is always super friendly! The food is great at this location although I've noticed they sometimes close the deli at odd hours during the weekend (11am one time on a Saturday??) The place itself never ceases to amaze me - bomb wine selection and fun conversation pieces everywhere.Oh yea and drinks are cheap!
5	I used to live in Charlotte, and when I did,  this was my favorite place to hang out!  Now I come back to this city twice a year, and every time I make it a point to return to this establishment.I've watched this place grow from a typical convenience store to a now bar/hang out/deli/convenience store, complete with beers on tap and occasional live music in the alley.  The concept of this business is amazing!  It's a true melting pot inside with something for everyone including unique gifts, pins and magnets, as well as local and traditional snacks and national or micro brew beers and wine which you can purchase and consume on site, either inside or in the alley spot in the back.  Inside the music is right on, with a typical indie flair.My only complaint is that it's become too popular...but that's what happens to great businesses.The eclectic crowd and atmosphere coupled with a great selection of your everyday favorite microbrew makes for a great night indeed!
4	Where else can you find fridge magnet dress sets for President Obama AND Sarah Palin side by side? Who else offers beer, bitters and "Before, During and After Sex" breath mints. Where else can you order a microbrew under the watchful eye of Lando Calrissian? Need to pick up another pack of tree tea oil toothpicks or Jesus sticky notes. This is your place. It's the only convenience store/deli/wine bar/pub/coffee shop I've ever been in?  There is even an outdoor side area where I suspect smokers can enjoy a cigarette. These guys have raised eclectic funk to an art form. Check it out next time you hit Thomas Street Tavern or The World Famous Penguin and be reminded of how fun life can be.  The clientele is as eclectic as the merchandise with a smattering of housewives, punkers, Goths, gays and 20-somethings. It's so encouraging to see such funk and diversity alive and well in button-up CLT! Bravo!
5	I find myself going to the Common Market at least 3 times a week.  For food from the deli, groceries, cold craft beer, or just to grab a table and get some work done. This place is so many things to the neighborhood.  It is in the perfect spot, right off a central Ave on a part of commonwealth that actually doesn't see insane traffic.  The deli sandwiches are what made me fall in love with the Common Market.  All my other praises of the place may just be my food buzz that I get from the deli.  They have the best pimento cheese sandwich in the city.  All of their breads are fantastic and their veggies always taste very fresh.  Their breakfast is also out of this world.  Grab a bagel sandwich and a coffee and you have one killer breakfast for less than 7 bucks.They are open until midnight in school nights, sell single cigarettes, have beer on tap and bottled in cooler displays, and the best deli food in the neighborhood.  What more could you ask for?If you live, work, or play in Plaza Midwood, the common market is a requirement!
5	I love this place.  Hippies, goths, weirdos, and my cracker preppy ass all in this place. There are tons of beers to pick from ( think of a convience store meets patio) and there was a guy there to help so my indecesiveness didn't take me 4 hours to pick a beer.  There was blood wrestling going on in the back and the girls were throwing down.  Also, if this place isn't working out Thomas St is right next door, though  i have never had a bad time here.  Lots of interesting people to meet
5	Staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and great to talk with.  Excellent selections of beers and wine.
5	Common Market is still my favorite place in Charlotte.  I just wanted to update and note that the sandwiches are always unbelievably delicious from the deli.  Please, please, please, PLEASE try the tuna (unless you're vegetarian).  It's a "super secret" recipe, and it's super delicious and addictive.  There's something about it that sets it apart from any tuna sandwich I've ever had.  (I happen to know the secret, thanks to a friend who is a former employee of the deli over at SouthEnd, but I ain't tellin'!)  Try it for yourself and see if you can figure it out!The grilled cheese (with your choice of bread and TWO CHEESES!!!) is also amazing, and perfect for those mornings when you maybe had a little bit too much to drink the night before and need to soak up the alcohol residue with buttery, grilled bread and rich, gooey cheese.  There are also tons of other sandwiches, and options for creating your own.  Omnivore or herbivore can find their pleasure here.  No matter where I live or move to, Common Market will always hold a very special place in my heart.  It's a delicious deli, eclectic convenience stop, pleasant hang-out spot, and beloved Home Base forever.
5	This is the best place in Noda (the Art District) or the entire city for that matter to get a great sandwich and drink! It is a sandwich shop and drink/ snack market all in one. They have a great selection of beer and wine that you can either enjoy in their small, eclectic table area or take home. Their specialty however is the amazing sandwiches of unique combinations and of substantial size. All the ingredients tasked fresh and they use Boars Head meat! Amazing! Another positive is that you can get a sandwich and a beer without much of a dent in the wallet!
5	I don't know if there's anything about CM I don't love. Maybe the parking sitch during the day when it's particularly hopping but that's so not their fault :)This place is a deli w many vegetarian and vegan options, a watering hole w delicious beer, wine, and my fave -sake!- available to purchase and enjoy on site (hello, pregame?), a performance space showcasing local talent (DJs, live music inside the place and outside on the patio, female wrestling out back, noise show, etc), and the perfect location to buy White Elephant/Crazy Gift Exchange gifts (seriously, they've got loads of kitschy things). Their grilled cheese and soup daily special is filling, yummy, and a steal at only $6. The selection of kombucha teas rival Healthy Home Market and Earth Fare. The music on Thurs & Fri nights always provide eargasms. The sake selection is expanding and I'd like to think it has a tiny bit to do w me turning all my fellow CM goers on to the bottles of nigori they carry. In case you are wondering: No, I don't nor have I ever worked at CM and no, I'm not dating anyone that works there. I'm just a girl sitting in front of Yelp.com asking it to love Common Market.
5	Most successful business owners are continually making improvement efforts and Blake is no exception.  Nice quick sandwiches with great vegan options.  Great beer and wine selections as well as tastings, and great music with funky patrons in the evenings.
5	What isn't there to love about CM? They have excellent selection on wine, sake, beer, and other libations. The feel of the store matches a myriad of different occasions, ranging from a weekly hang-out with friends to a great place to have a first date. They often have live music and showcase some local DJ's spinning some awesome tracks.The deli selection is excellent and the food is always fantastic--I personally love to get a bagel with sausage, tomato, and spinach. I'm personally not a vegan, nor specifically in the need or want to be extremely health-conscious, but there are always multitudes of vegetarian and vegan options that even the pickiest eaters (like me) can enjoy.What makes a venue besides great drinks and food? The atmosphere. It's slightly alternative, accepting, and a comfortable place where you can sit back and enjoy yourself.
4	What a great place. It's a little overwhelming when you first walk in, trying to figure out what's going on and what you're supposed to be doing...is it a market, a bar, a coffee shop, a deli?  All of the above.  I was greeted at the door and got a quick explanation about how it all worked.  The Spicy Turkey sandwich was delicious and the guys behind the counter were perfect.  I wanted a local beer and they pointed me in the right direction (it was soo good), and broke down a six pack for my single brew.  Just...great.  Wish I had this place down the street from my house.
4	I'm a touch partial to the CM in South End, even though I know this is the original mamma jamma! Really, what's not to adore? A myriad of interesting bottled beer and wine, fresh pints off the tap, a great crowd and excellent live music. Plus, if you're feeling snacky, there's a plethora of choices - tasty sandwiches, chips, cupcakes, salads, soups, etc. There's a bite for everyone, regardless of your culinary curiosity. And yes, Common Market offers some of the best people watching around. It's a very delicious utopia, right in the heart of Plaza Midwood.
4	My first time here, I saw that it was a very homey feeling. Every inch of space in the store was used and did not waste any. An awesome selection of beer that you can't find anywhere else, that was the first place I browsed. I drank the Aventinus which was absolutely delicious (and at 8.2% alc. content it got me where I wanted to be.) The only small problem I feel was that the seating was limited and parking was also limited. I think this only applies to the wintertime because it's too cold to go outside to drink.I have heard raving reviews and talk about their deli, but sadly when I went there it was closed and I didn't get the chance to go and try their food. They definitely have an amazing amount of beer food where it accompanies your drink. I found that really useful as my friends and I did buy some snacks to eat. I will definitely be back here for their free beer sampling.
4	So good. Soups, sandwiches, vegan cupcakes- all yummy.
5	An incredible selection of beer! Why spend $3-4 for a shitty Miller Light draft at the bars next door when there are plenty of great microbrews here for half the cost? And best of all, you can drink them in-store! Well, after paying, of course.That said, despite this Mecca of delicious and unique beer at your disposal, your crowd will be mixed with hipsters drinking cheap PBR, because thats what hipsters do. ::shakes fist:: HIPSTERS!!!But I digress.There is also a really good Boars Head deli on the premises. May I recommend the spicy turkey with pepperjack cheese on sourdough bread? Yum.Simply put, I love this place. And don't worry, I love you too, hipsters.
5	Awesome beer selection, ok latkes, and surprisingly great coffee. When I wake up a little early, this is my first stop on the way to work.
4	Common Market is a great place! It has one of the best beer selections in Charlotte. (They also have a lot of wine) You can get good microbrews for a decent price and enjoy them there or take them home. There is occasionally live music and other events on the patio and behind the store. But even when there's not the patio is still a great place to sit and socialize. The only downside to the patio is that it isn't that big and can get crowded and smokey. Inside there is a great atmosphere with an eclectic music selection and usually interesting people with whom you can talk. Inside there is also a deli area with sandwiches, soups and salads. The menu includes vegan options if that's your thing. There are also a lot of interesting trinkets you can buy.The Common Market is a great place to sit with a group of friends, a special friend, or by yourself. There are areas that get very loud but there are a couple corners you can find that are quiet enough to read by yourself all the while enjoying tasty beverages and food. It's also in a great neighborhood where you can walk to a number of other fun places.
5	As calling it a super market would be an insult, the (nothing) Common (about it) Market is well deserved 5 stars. Indeed, I have nearly lost friendships for failing to introduce them to this place in a timely enough manner.While I can certainly understand the complaints about seating (indeed seating is limited), I see CM as a market first and as an alcohol-imbibing location as secondary. Think of it this way: how many seats does Harris Teeter next door provide for patrons drink their purchases? Exactly. So despite any shortcomings, it is enough for me that one can drink a beer on tap or a glass of wine WHILE ordering a fantastic deli sandwich (they have a great deal for grilled cheese and soup) and getting a few snacks WHILE forging through what is probably the best wine and beer selection this side of town. Add fun wine flights and beer tastings alongside live music and you have a winning combination.The staff is incredibly knowledgeable and can recommend some great finds or order discounted bulk of your favorite drinks. And in a final coup de gras, CM has some legit sake and plum wine (not the crap you usually find in restaurants) that was actually made in Japan. This makes me very happy.
5	They have a really good beer selection that's unique and diverse. The coffee is quite good here too! The only downfall is this place is it can get a little crowded but I guess that just speaks to how cool it is.I love little places like this.
3	If a convenience store could have a personality, it would be the Common Market. It would also be a hoarder of sorts. The main difference being that they do not mind getting rid of (selling, not giving away) their stuff - they just replace it with more when stock gets low. But like most hoarders - and like others have mentioned - the place is packed.On the one hand, there is nothing quite like CM, and that includes the South End location. This spot has a shortage of parking, though you can make do if you try hard enough. The deli is up front rather than being tucked at the back, and finding a spot to mix and mingle can be a challenge at best. If you want to kick back and relax, South End may be better - it doesn't make this one bad, it just makes it different.If you want to drop in and grab something, you may be fine, even if you do want to hang out for a bit. Just recognize that it is probably not the relaxing oasis of the other location.
5	Why hello, common market, and look at your stellar craft beer selection! I must say, common market is an amazing local staple. Half of the fun is educating yourself on the astute choices of brews to choose from. You just seem to feel like branching out and trying a micro/craft brew that you've never heard of before. Or, for the hipster at heart, grab a PBR and join the crowd. Their selection varies, so be sure to check back for seasonals and different locales to be featured/available.I love the giant drums of beer and glass bottled coke throughout the shop as well. Makes it feel less like grocery-esque for a quick grab n' go. The deli is a phenomenon. Friendly for the typical sandwich aficionado and the vegan/veggie types. The flavors and combinations are endless and the deft hands of the deli staff move the lines faster than other places. Gotta love the niche humor and accessories/toys for sale. Always good for a gag gift or oddly celebrated white elephant party in July. Something for everyone here. Grab a six pack to go, a draught with friends or snackage for the road. Never a dull moment for this plaza midwood hearth. Always a pleasure to visit.
4	A small treasure of Charlotte. Convenience store with a small bar with cool clientele and a great beer selection. Good stuff.
4	They don't carry any of my favorite beers and I still want to make this a regular stop on my weekends. I've only been once, but I hear tales of live music and delicious food....I love the crowd, all hipster ish and semi conscious and somehow still cool about it. It's a great space even though there's a complete disregard for one's desire to sit down. You can still make it work if you try, though. My friend and I found some space on the patio bench and pretty much camped out with our purchases. It was good.
2	Cool place but slow. My sandwich was nothing out of the ordinary.
3	great selection VERY HIGH PRICES
4	The Common Market (both locations -Plaza Midwood and Southend) is a great place to grab a bite, get some funky gifts and just hangout.  The owner and workers are a very eclectic bunch which you don't get a lot in Charlotte.  It reminds me of the unique little places I used to explore in my hometown, Chicago.  The food (deli especially) is great!  Everything is so fresh!  I love the coffee (my favorite is Snickerdoodle) and beer/wine selection!  We definitely need more of these kind of places in our growing city!!!!
4	Lurves me some Common Market (4.5 stars!) The main thing to recommend this place is their extensive and impressive beer selection. They literally have something for every season/taste In winter I was warming up with some stouts and now that summer has rolled around I'm kicking back and enjoying a nice hefeweizen. After you've picked up your food/beer you have the option of leaving or enjoying it on their tiny tiny back patio. I always choose the latter as I enjoy socializing with my buddies and watching the super diverse crowd that is rolling through. (They're also watching us. An older lady told my friend and I that we were "very pretty boys"..thanks?)Often they have live music that is also a treat.The price is right. Service is meh but it's a gas stations (basically) so whatever and the overall vibe is pretty cool. Definitely a spot I recommend.
5	Common Market gets 5 stars from me.  I've never really been to a place that is so diverse from the people to the establishment itself!  It's a great deli and they always have something for the vegans.  My favorite part of CM is the alcohol selection, especially since you can drink on site.  They have a small bar area where you can get draft beer and the taps are always rotating.  There is also a large cooler filled with beers from all over the world.  It's wonderful to find a great beer without any prior knowledge of it's existence.  The wine selection is also good.  I'm not a wine connoisseur, but I've been given great recommendations any time I've asked the staff.  The best part of all of this is you can pay retail prices for your booze and drink it there.  It's nice they're usually bumping some good tunes too (at least for my taste in music).  Where else can you chill out at a place with a bottle of great wine for 10 bucks?  The people watching is just fabulous at this place too...hipsters, hippies, 9-5'ers, bums, babies, you name it.  Cheap drinking and great people watching.  Love it.Oh forgot to mention they have free wine and beer tastings, live music on the patio, and it's also a convenience store......Remember, I said it was diverse!
3	first of all, i'm pretty sure the chicken salad sandwich that i ordered was a tuna sandwich.  it was mushy with dill.  it was ok for a tuna sandwich, nothing to rave about.but that's fine because the snack selection here is AMAZEBALLS.all the kettle chip flavors you've ever dreamed of. and three different kinds of bugel flavors.  that's right, THREE FLAVORS including nacho cheese.lots of good drinks made with cane sugar too. me likey.
5	This place is AWESOME! Great beer and wine selection and the deli has specials.      ( vegetarian and non vegetarian )  to make you drool! YUM! Also with the street under construction, I had my lunch delivered to me by a cute boy on a bike.!! A great  place with an eclectic and friendly staff!
5	Last week I was here 4 times; I think it's safe to say, "I love this place"!The Common Market has a great selection of all kinds of drinks (alcoholic and non), snacks and oddities from Archie McPhee (my favorite store in Seattle). It's a really chill place to grab some food and drink and just sit down with friends for some good conversation. I don't drink, so it's a great place to go with friends who do where we can all enjoy our own thing without pressure to order more.The staff and other people who come here have always been friendly and nice.And to top it off, they have boar's head meats and cheeses and make a damned good sandwich (breakfast and lunch)!
4	Okay, so I go here for beer and socializing. For that this place gets four stars. It is unique, the clientele is .... Interesting, and the beer and wine selection is the best possible within four miles of my house. When I come in here to buy beer(let me know if your experience is similar), I tend to spend 15-20 minutes in the beer aisle, eyes 10 inches from the glass. The salivation and incredible indecision have to make my alcoholism and beer snobbery apparent.  If you like beer and wine and live near this place it should be your go-to "support a local business" place to stock up for your grill out, fancy dinner party, or lonely binge. On to the food, though. I don't like it. Maybe it's just not my style but ive eaten here three times and never enjoyed it. Take that with a grain of salt, my friends sing their praises to the high heavens of the deli. In summation: buy beer here. Buy wine here. Imbibe in the unique atmosphere, with some unique music, then stroll over to snug harbor for a crowd so unique you won't even think you're still in Charlotte. Try the food, if you like it let me know, I want to find something I like to eat here!
5	A definite five-star experience.  You can get a unique, and ever changing list of, draft beer from the bar, or just pick one from their extensive selection in their cooler and have the cashier crack it for you.  Lots of cool options, and a deli where I first came to like spicy mustard (after 28yrs) because they have the fantastic Boars Head w/ White Wine product in packets.It can't really get much better for a place that is technically a convenience store (on steroids)The workers have been much friendlier in recent visits since the time that I originally reviewed the CM.
5	Must do experience if you live or are visiting Charlotte. The deli is amazing, I recently started having breakfast there and am sad all this time Ive only been doing lunch!!! There is a large selection of beer and wine which you can enjoy in the store. They also sell excellent baked goods, a good selection of vegan/veg products and weird/interesting candies/toys etc.
5	This place is amazing. It seriously has everything, great beer, awesome deli, ridiculous things to buy, and fantastic live shows. How can this all exist in one place? I was only in Charlotte for a week, so I can't say I'm a pro on this city by any means, but Common Market was by far my favorite place. It was just dripping with energy and people that care about things that taste and sound great.
3	This place is very Plaza Midwood hipster....appropriate for the digs of the neighborhood.  I'm far from hipster but have no problem fitting in to grab something.I went on a Saturday night with a group of friends after dinner for some drinks.  I agree with everyone regarding the selection.  Awesome!  Small bar serving wine by the glass, or you could just purchase the bottle!  It's a place where you can go to socialize and not break the bank.There was live music this night in the alleyway/patio area.  The thing I did not like about Common Market was how tight it was.  You could hardly maneuver in and out of the building because of the crowd of people.  I felt very claustrophobic and like I was at a street festival, which is not a feeling I like.  There is also zero air circulation in this alley area so if you are not a smoker, I would not recommend.I have heard that the food is great!  I live right down the street but haven't tried it yet.  Wanted to update this- I stopped in on a Sunday afternoon so I missed the deli service, but I did grab a premade tuna wrap and a huge vegan cupcake.  The tuna wrap was nothing out of the ordinary.  The cupcake was huge and the frosting was great.  I guess they are made at the South End location.
5	Came here for a beer and a sandwich for the rating was quite high. Ordered an ESB for beer time was nigh. Olympian wrap was filling and decent.The beer selection was fresh and tapped most recent. Indie rock  and great atmosphere.Glue my ass on the barstool I would pleasantly adhere. Come for the noon I highly support.A five star review you will surely report.End rhyming couplet review...
5	Love, Love, Love.  This is a grocery/deli/bar/concert venue/hipster watering hole.  They have cheap beer and wine, crazy decor, best beef jerky in the WORLD ( no exaggeration ), and always a fun performace or activity on the calendar from music, to art, to comedy, to a talent show where the host played a nose flute to ELO. Yup.  I saw it happen.
5	Five stars simply because there are so few cool places in CLT! Nice little market where you can get knick knacks, some food, some drink. Little outdoor are between two buildings has a cozy, alley feel. You can crack open that beer out there, too. The writing all over the wall is kind of lame, but hey, these Charlotteans need all the outlets they can get in this buttoned up southern banking town.
5	Love this place. Great food, Great people Great Drinks!!! my only complaint is the sealing looks as if it has never been cleaned in the history of the store. But the beer selection makes up for it.
5	Everything you need in a neighborhood market!Their sandwiches are great and cater toward all different foodie groups. You can go vegan, vegetarian or meat-lovin! They have draught beers, wines by the glass and a whole back room full of micro brews and fun wines that they will cork free of charge. The back patio is perfect for pretty days.
5	Great selections of wine, beer, mead, and sake. I've popped into their deli numerous times and for something quick and premade I've never been disappointed. Cute novelty items and snakc, sweets, and if you're a *cough* smoker, their selection is a decent as the any corner store and their "premium" brands of  tabacco, cigars, etc. are usually a bit cheaper than the smoke shops, obviously. A friendly, helpful staff, and a warm smile from a lot of the patrons. A place to like.  If you're looking for a place to chill and pregame previous to an event/party . Also keep a look out for bands and performances, in case you're looking for local music and socializing, or you wanna avoid crowded places in the area. I think that if you've got the time and you haven't you should stop inside and see what you'll like. I'm sure there's something.
5	I love this place. The idea of just going there gets me all excited. There are some many reasons I love the Common Market, but numero Uno is the atmosphere/vibe. It's so laid back and chill, but everyone is having a great time. People are so nice and will offer up suggestions, wanted or not ( I always want them) on what to check out. It's always fun to explore and see what new/different products they have. I try something new every time visit, ranging from some snacks ( great cookies), different beverages (Kombucha, get it, you won't regret it) wine, beer etc. I am sure to be by more often now with summer rapidly approaching, and it is walking distance from my house.
2	I want to love the Common Market SO much.  After all, it's a quirky little place, with a great selection of interesting beer, wine and grub.  The things I love:  1)  I love their selection of beer and wine.  I feel madly in love with a Belgian beer, and this is one of the few places in town I can buy it.  It helps that it is so close to where I live, too.2)  I love that they have beer and wine tastings on occasion.  Nothing like trying new stuff!3)  All the staff people working there are awesome and friendly.  They helped me find what I was looking for and even recommended some good beers to me.What I don't love:1) Their food is really bland.  I have tried two of their sandwiches and two of their soups.  Both times I was incredibly disappointed.  The soup tasted watered down and their sandwiches were flavorless and dry.  The first time we thought maybe it was just a bad day; after the second time, I think I just need to give up on their food.2) The parking is not great.  Now that they have finished some of the construction on Commonwealth, you can actually use some of the street parking.  However, on a busy night, all these spots are taken and parking is still limited.3) This place is always crowded.  The space is cramped in there, with really narrow aisles.  The crowds make it difficult to search through the shelves to find some great brews.  It also makes it difficult to order food when the space is small and crammed with people.  I am still never sure if I'm cutting in line in front of someone.In sum, I love the staff and the great selection of beer and wine.  This is what will keep me coming back.  However, I think I'm going to pass on the food from now on.  Overall, I give it 2.5 stars.
5	I've been here a many times now for coffee and a breakfast sandwichs. The staff is very friendly and the store has a great eclectic vibe.The food has always been great and I didn't find it bland like some previous posters. I'm not sure what they ordered but everything I've tried has hit the spot. Even their spicy food is well done. Their pepper filled Dragon Slayer breakfast sandwich hits the spot... spicy but not so much you can't taste the rest of the ingredients.So far I've only hung out here in the morning but heard it's a fun place to be in the evening as well.
4	This place is pretty cool I must say. They have so many wacky nick knacks all over alone. Just looking around I know where a my "fun and joke" gifts will come from. The atmosphere is eccentric and the staff is pretty nice. they also have food especially for the vegan types. I am not a vegan, however I do love the food from time to time. My favorite are the breakfast sandwiches. The selection of beer and win is really good. This is also a little hangout spot with a back patio. I usually visit here early in the morning. Parking is not great, but not many places in that area are. I would recommend stopping in here at least once, especially in the morning for the breakfast.
5	Im from CT and I grew up going to NY Style delis. I like a HUGE selection of sodas and drinks, a HUGE selection of alcohol, TONS of snacks, odd things to east and GOOD sandwiches. This place has it all! Its such a great place to hang out at 2pm or 12am. You can drink in the store or on the patio. Everyone is SUPER friendly and helpful! I love love LOVE going here and I make the 20 min drive from South Carolina for it. This is the only place I know of like it in Charlotte.
5	I can't get enough of the Common Market. Talk about a vast craft-beer selection. I usually get a beer to hold me over while I contemplate which six pack to get from the cooler; usually takes awhile. Since I'm in my twenties it's refreshing to go somewhere at night where there is a younger crowd. People have commented on how this place is too tight/lacking in space. That is true but I feel it only encourages people there to meet others. There has been a couple times, for example, where all seats were taken so my friends and I had to share a bench with other people. We made some friends that night. 5 stars for sure.
5	This place is dope. Breakfast is not often a meal you enjoy out- at least in my case. But rolling into Common Market and hitting the deli for breakfast should not be missed. They offer killer affordable breakfast sandwiches. Sunday they do homemade queso for your ranchero wrap and I guess topping anything you desire. I enjoyed their homemade pimento cheese In a wrap (ever had pimento cheese melted? Nope. Me either. It was yum) they offer tons of vegan and veg options and tons of ready made sides and wraps to go. And yeah a totally rad beer, wine and snack scene. However, I'm here to tell you that breakfast/brunch at the deli counter is not to be missed. Oh and they will do grits with pimento cheese too. Worth it. Take it to go or sit on their newly expanded patio.
3	Tank topped hipsters. Beer. Deli sandwiches. Vegan/vegetarian food. Jesus action figures. Apathetic and mediocre. A familiar old friend.
5	This place rocks!Went here with the boyfriend, we had no idea what it was like and were very pleasantly surprised! Order food in the sandwich shop, they'll deliver it to you if you go to the bar (they are in separate parts of the building). They have beers on tap or any and every beer out there (ice cold) to choose from in their beer coolers. You can open a beer and drink while you shop! :-)They also have a nice wine selection, and the staff has rated some themselves (which I love!). They have old fashioned candy and food items, old timey sodas, etc. This place is my new favorite place and I will go back again and again!They have an outdoor eating area, and pooches are welcome!You MUST try their pimento cheese-they have won some serious awards with their recipe, which consists of at least 5 cheeses, made fresh daily! Their grilled pimento cheese sandwich with tomato is FANTASTIC!This place gets an A+++++ :-)
5	This place is like your favorite baja that you got at your first music festival way back when that seems a bit raggedy to others, but feels good and just makes you happy when you put it on.  Granted as a resident of MorComm I am biased as this place is near and dear to my heart but it is not to be missed if you are in the hood.  Way back in the day when Blake and Cress first realized the dream we jumped on board and have been enjoying the ride and the experience ever since!!!  Whether it's dropping in for morning coffee, breakfast/lunch/brunch from the deli or beers beers beers... this place has become the heart and soul of our neighborhood.  It embodies the best of what MorComm and Midwood have to offer... the crowd is the most eclectic thing you can imagine, from Izods and sperrys to skinny jeans, nose rings, full tattoo sleeves and mohawks you will see it all here.  People arrive by Range Rover, blown out Honda, Fixie bike, skateboard, or just cruise in on foot and fall in together and enjoy the scene.  The food is great... breakfast picks in our house are the "later hater" on everything bagel grill pressed and pimento cheese grits (yes you read that right), and lunch is a "Jack Kennedy" (egg salad and horseradish spread with bacon) on marble rye.  If you are into beer, then just go over and settle in and drink your way through the cooler... you will not be disappointed!
4	Best breakfast sandwich in Charlotte!
5	My deli of choice for sandwiches. Also a great place to grab any kind of drink. Local beer, wine and fun sodas and juices.
4	What a fun and eclectic place. Good deli, seating outside, fantastic selection of bear, wine by the glass. A great place to relax.
3	I was looking for something different to do on a Saturday night and heard about local bands playing at The Common Market and thought, why not?The place itself is unique to me.  Coming from New York, there weren't many deli/bodegas where people could buy cases of beer straight out of the fridge to go drink in the sitting area outside.  That's pretty cool.  Their prices are reasonable too.  I got two drafts of beer for around $9.Beware: if you are not a hipster and if you don't like hipsters, this is NOT your place.  As we walked in to people smoking outside in their ripped shirts and jeans and old dockers, I immediately felt overdressed.  And I was wearing a tank top and a long skirt, nothing fancy.  Everyone has long hair of some sort whether its shaggy long or spiked up in a huge mohawk.  And the live music turned out to be a guy in a furry homemade suit (a hacked up teddy bear attached to a bearskin rug) singing with a puppet and then a local band that was using a trash can with a tambourine taped to it as a drum.It was definitely an interesting scene, and can be fun if you're in the right mindset, but if being around a lot of people who are trying hard to look like they're not trying hard is not for you, you may want to go elsewhere.
4	Good beer selection and love the fact that they have vegetarian and vegan options. And they happen to have the bet cookie in Charlotte- the chocolate chip potato chip cookie!
5	Love the Common Market and the new sitting area outside!!  Wide selection of beer - just head on in, grab a cold one and grab a seat!  Great little deli attached to this one where you can get a nice sandwich.  Very fun items for sale and eclectic atmosphere.  I love sitting in the back where you can have some quiet drinking time.  There are fun items for sale back there - nostalgic to the just silly!!!  Get a sixer to go and tell your friends - what a great spot!
4	What's not to love about CM.  You got novelty items to look through, great beer and a deli that always looks fantastic even though I've literally never tried it.  This location with it's new outdoor patio out front really has a following it seems.  We stopped in just the other day on a weekday and the place was packed.Be aware the parking out front is weird and you basically have to back into a parking spot.  Strange and awkward.  I come here for the beer selection, that's the main reason.  They always have good taps on deck and the bottle selection is equally impressive.
4	Beer, hangout, deli, hip, convenient, local, cool. I'm sure there are many other words you can use to describe The Common Market but I like these. Stopped in the other day to grab a few things and ended up with a Greenman IPA and a grilled pimento cheese sandwich w/ tomato and bacon. I think it was 1:30pm on a Thursday. Yep, I don't normally drink a brew with lunch but something about this place just says "go ahead, no judgment here". I'm glad I did. The sandwich was fantastic. Nice, crunchy sourdough bread and warm creamy pimento cheese. This place is also a plus for people watching!! See you soon!
5	It's a perfect alternative (in every sense of the word) lunch place. Sometimes I want to grab a quick takeout lunch nearby that isn't fast food yet again. Common Market is great!  I can get a hot Pimmy D-lux, grilled pimento cheese with tomato and bacon, thus fulfilling my junk food craving but stepping it up several notches in quality.   I've also shopped here for mixed 6-packs of interesting beer. Another way I've enjoyed this place is taking the kids, letting them pick out gourmet sodas from the extensive selection, and lunching on the sunny patio. It feels grungy in a good way, neighborly, hipster in the hood.
5	One of my favorite neighborhood hang outs. Great beer selection, their deli is super fresh and delicious. If you're looking for left to center food items, try here. Everyone that works here is great to chat with. I've been here too many times to count, for a drink, for lunch, or just to hang on the patio. The studio I work at right up the street orders lunch here probably TOO much, haha.
5	Common Market is my go-to for breakfast takeout on Saturdays (or Sundays). But do call ahead or you'll stand in line for a while. Or, if you have time to wait, CM has some funky merchandise that can be fun to browse. Recommend the Later Hater for breakfast or the Turkey Capri for lunch. Great beer and wine selection too.
3	Came here while my car was getting fixed. This place is pretty consistent. Sandwiches are clever, and high-quality. You have to get chips and drink a-la-carte, so expect $10pp when its all said and done. Staff friendly. On cold days, there isn't much inside dining space. If in the area, you gotta at least try this place
4	Hello friends,This place packs a punch.. or bunch..ahhh maybe a bit of both. I must admit my 1st time there I walked thru & told my friend, "this place reminds me of Common Market near the Chicken Coop". His reply.. "It IS C.M. I guess you didn't see the sign" Well anyyywayyyyy, on a busy night it can get tight on the inside. Since i was enjoying a fine stooge I stayed on the outside in front (which was pretty big). My bud bought a 6 pack of a mix of beer and we were off!!Go enjoy,TTFN
5	This place is awesomeMy go to breakfast place for healthy food early in AM!! Try the Dragon Slayer.  Eric does a killer job whipping up the eggs!
5	Fun atmosphere with a solid selection of brews. Staff has always been helpful in giving recommendations.
5	First time in today.  Man it was awesome to find a business with some soul in this city.  As a recent transplant from San Francisco it did my heart good to see a place with so many different types of people coexisting. Grabbed an awesome sandwich,  then much to my surprise found a 15 tap beer bar with some banging good beers.  Sandwich was spot on!!  Had a couple of local drafts, suggested by a staffer and I was in heaven.Charlotte you should be proud to have such a wonderful business! !!  100% will be back...often!
5	Love this place!! Great beer selection weather it be to purchase bottles or on draft. The sandwiches are awesome as well. Spicy turkey on toasted sourdough is amazing!! The outdoor seating is great in the summer time and the staff is super friendly!! :)
3	I walked here after Yoga to get something to drink (non-alcoholic that is), chill and have conversation with a friend. This is definitely the place for the eclectic crowd and is perfect for the Plaza-Midwood-Commonwealth area. There are tables outside to eat, converse and drink at. You can also bring your four legged friends with you. Lots of beer and wine to choose from inside. Of course they have your typical convenient store snacks but what I liked most was the vegan/vegetarian selection at the deli and a large variety of different juices and beverages that would don't normally find in your everyday grocery store. I think next time I'll try the Common Market at South End. Thats more of my type of crowd.
5	I have a hard time trying different sandwiches (either breakfast or lunch) because the Capri is so delicious, when I've strayed everything I've tried has been good. This is our favorite neighborhood breakfast spot, and a treat when I can make it over for lunch.  I recommend this place to anyone looking for a good, inexpensive sandwich.
4	I visited CM for lunch this weekend.  I have only been to the one in Southend, so I was excited to try this one out.  Walking up, the crowd of people outside were definitely a little...different.  But, I got past that and went in to order a sandwich.  The spicy turkey sandwich, which was delicious.  It was also reasonably priced, which is always a added bonus.  I definitely recommend CM if you are looking for a tasty sandwich...and some good people watching.
5	This is one of those Queen City institutions that I show off to any friends and family from out of town. CM may only be just ten years old, but it has countless lives' worth of personality and flavor. Each time I visit, I still find something I've never seen before among the decor which is full of character. Their excellent beer selection is always changing, and don't miss out on the deli. They make great sandwiches to order. My favorite brunch item is the huevos rancheros in a spinach wrap. The patio is also great for people watching; everyone is welcome at the Common Market.
4	We had been talking about going to Common Market for so long and finally did last weekend. When we first walked in I wasn't even sure where to go or what to do. It was nothing like I expected! If you are interested in getting food made you go in and take a left and you place your order there... they also have breakfast which I wasn't aware of before. You can get chips and other things in the market area as well. They also not only have a wide selection of drinks but also beers on tap which is awesome. If you aren't in the mood for beer you can always grab wine or even champagne and also some orange juice if you would like to make your own mimosa! They have two outdoor seating areas, one out front and one in the back that is a non smoking porch and totally covered. We ate out there and we really enjoyed it, it was much more quiet than the front area too. The guy who helped us with our beer was awesome too, he knew a lot about the kinds they offered and even gave us several samples to try before we ordered. We will def. be going back here regularly!
4	I love the Common Market. This is my "go to" place in my hood for random gifts of the alcoholic kind and a great meeting place for friends. During Food Truck Friday, I highly suggest grabbing your food and then hanging to CM, where you can find seating and beverages on tap and in the bottle. Like an NYC Bodega, they offer random treats such as King of Pops popsicles, Vegan Cookies, and have a full deli in the back. Sometimes I wake up craving the deli's tuna salad. I'm not kidding...it's delicious.The bartenders are always friendly and passionate to talk beer with you. They offer a large array of bottle beers, and seasonal taps. It's a great place to people watch and grab a quick bite. You can bring your dog too, which is always a plus!The only reason I didn't give the CM 5 stars is due to 1. lack of seating (when it get's busy, it's packed, and seating is a rare commodity) and 2. It is HOT inside in the summer. I feel for the cashiers and bartenders, as I lasted maybe 10 minutes inside and felt like my face had melted off.Otherwise, check out the Southend or Plaza Midwood locations. They're awesome and both bring a neighborhoodly flavor to the place.
5	What can I say that has not already been said. Amazing deli and friendly staff, this market is an example of what we need more of in this town. Fresh food, local music and great crowd!
5	Common Market is where the hip young and old (mainly young) go to hang out. I went there with some friends for a wine tasting they had. It's always crowded, but the energy baits you into staying and you're always glad you did. There are some interesting people to see and meet, and that always makes for a lively conversation. The only thing I've ever had there is the wine, which was great though. If I based this on atmosphere alone, it's 10 out of 10. Add the location and patrons and you've got yourself a neat hangout spot.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place. The food is amazing, great drink specials, and by far one of the coolest atmospheres.
4	Always has a good selection of local beers on tap. There deli makes delicious sandwiches fresh and fast. They also have a wide variety of craft beer on sale. They make there own brand of coffee sold by the counter and also carry Zapps chips from Louisiana which are the best brand of kettle chips known to man
5	Deli meets corner store meets underground bar. This place was cool before cold was invented. Great good, great people watching, great refreshments -- it's Great. With a capital G. And a capital CM, as in Coolest Market or Charlotte's Mainplacetohangoutbecauseitssoawesomeandyoushoulddefinitelygo.
4	Everything about this place is funky and eclectic from the appearance to the patrons and the music and the store/bar/coffee house.  It is a great place to hang out with friends, just people watch, meet new people, have a beer or get coffee, grab a deli sandwich.  The have a wide selection of craft beers and some seasonal beers on tap.  The Midwood area is awesome and this place is one of the reasons.
5	I feel cooler for having been here.  This place was the cat's pajamas.  It is many things all rolled into one.  When I was there is appeared to be an organic food store, a farmers market selling fresh vegetables and fresh fish, a beer bar, and a deli.  I was there for lunch so I had a black and white bean salad as a side and a tuna melt.  Anywhere that has a tuna melt is alright in my book, and this place was no different.  The sandwich was fresh and delicious.  The bean salad was awesome.  It was the two types of beans, and some onion, cilantro and lime.  I wish I could order it in bulk.  I was with my vegetarian sister and she enjoyed all of the vegetarian options.  We sat outside on the patio.  There are a bunch of long picnic tables with umbrellas giving it a German beer garden feel.  This place was so cool, and the neighbourhood was so cool I wanted to start looking for jobs in Charlotte.  Seriously.  If you get a chance, check this joint out.
4	There is nothing quite like the Common Market Plaza Midwood. At all times, you will find a diverse crowd gathered around the picnic tables in front. Great people-watching locale! Inside you will find everything from deli sandwiches and craft beers to ice cream, greeting cards and "interesting" other things to purchase.I can attest to the fact that you need to visit a time or two to "get" the vibe and what's available. My first review was not stellar but I think that was due more to my operator error! I'm a big fan now.
5	One of my favorite spots in Charlotte. There are all types (seriously, all types) of people who come here. And you will see regulars if you go often enough. My favorite times to go are weekend nights to sit/stand out on the front patio and have a few drinks or in the morning to grab a breakfast sandwich from the deli. The beer and wine selection here is great. Pick from the fridge or grab something on tap from the bar. Some nights they have bands play in pretty much any space they can find - inside by the bar, in the little alley, out front. Check out all the other little snacks and knick-knacks for sale. It's like a weirdo's Cracker Barrel in there and I love it.
5	The Common Market is cool without being pretentious about it. It's like that guy in high school who says, "yes, I can pull off pink, and I dare anyone to say something about it". The infusion of  listening to Frank Sinatra sing New York New York while gazing at an angry pumpkin next to a zombie donkey mask (I know I didn't think that sort of thing existed either) gave it that hip punk feel. Good local taps, and bottle selection. Sandwich was also tasty.
5	I love the Common Market.
5	So how could you ever say anything bad about this place???  Excellent, exciting beer selection with rotating seasonal selections, lots of wine, fun variety of NA drinks, a small bar with local craft brews (also rotating regularly), various sundries and snack foods, CANDY, PBR, and a deli with both omni and veg options.The patio is always hopping, and on weekends they play live music on the back lanai.  The staff is hip, but not too cool for school (as they don't act like they're too cool to be friendly), and it's a crazy mashup of people.  I come here basically every night after work, and fucking love it.
5	This place is awesome. Nothing fancy, on the expensive side, but very chill and laid back atmosphere. Good food, good wine, fun crowd.
4	I dig the Common Market. Why? Because you can come in looking however you want and pick up beer, a sandwich, weirdo flavored chips, condoms, pimento cheese - whatever. Such a cool spot to hang with the dog or friends while drinking local brew outside. The juice is super rad - do that for sure! Also every sandwich they make is like love between bread slices, and the soup is outstanding. I love coming back to the office with the combo to share with work pals. Open late, its a great place to start or end the night. That late night snack and on less beer before that Uber ride home - or a 6 pack pick up and sammie grab for the in house night cap and snack. I love the local vibe you get here. Random shopping sprees are the coolest here. I once left with a rubber chicken - don't ask and don't be jealous. It was a great night. Common Market = Charlotte must!
4	Great beer selection and a lot good food in the cafe, with vegan options. Everything is very reasonably priced. I wouldn't recommend going later at night unless you love crowds and tight spaces. Sometimes it can be obnoxious.
4	I think i just got 10x cooler and more hipster jut walking in the door! This is a really cool funky little place that has everything from beer and wine, to toys, candy, and quirky gifts. You can hang out there in some small seating areas, and even order food. Worth it just to come in and look around even if you dont need anything!
5	Cool little spot featuring lots of unique items!  Small batch beers and wines both local and from other places.  Gluten free and not gluten free goodies, Archie MacPhee treats (like the Pocket Mr. T ), and even a deli counter.  I'm sure there was other stuff, I was having fun trying to see everything.  I was asked if I needed help and then left alone to browse (this is a good thing).  It's not a stuffy or upscale place, just unique friendly and fun.
4	Been in here a few times to grab a quick bite to eat, very good fresh sandwhichs and grinders.  The guys who work in the kitchen are very friendly and help you make the best food combinations with their suggestions.  Very casual attire.  Can bring dogs and have them hang out outside with you - they even have bowls for them to drink out of.
