5	I finally checked out this store after months of meaning to go in there, and I'm so glad I did. I love their stuff. This beats the heck out of the supermarket spices. And they are reasonably priced too - about the same as what you'd pay at the grocery store.If you are dieting or trying to eat less salt, you need to RUN, not walk , to Penzey's. Their spices add so much flavor to food. The Chicago Steak Seasoning is fantastic, adds a nice smoky flavor to everything. They bill it as a seasoning for any grilled item, but I put it on a meatless pasta the other day and it was fantastic. I also bought smoked spanish paprika. I am pretty sure that is my new favorite spice. The danger is this store is that it's gonna make you go out and learn to cook new things just so you can use the spices you bought :-)UPDATE: Years and many trips to Penzey's later, my current favorite spice blend of theirs is Sunny Paris. It's so good on veggies, but I've even been known to toss it into ramen :OThe staff is super helpful. I was looking for grains of paradise which Penzey's does not stock, and the ladies gave me two places to go which did stock grains of paradise. Thanks Ladies!I'm upping them to 5 stars :)
5	I first visited Penzey's in the strip district in Pittsburgh and I had no idea there was one in the valley until just a few months ago.  Penzey's is wonderful if you like to cook.  Heck, it is wonderful if you just like interactive shopping.  Most of the available spices and herbs are set out in jars so that you may open the lid and give it a good sniff before purchasing.  You can tell a lot about a spice and how it will enhance your food just from one good smell.The prices are beyond reasonable, the selection is great, and they even have their own spice mixes which are wonderful.  I recently picked up their "Mural of Flavor"  and it is so versatile, so tasty and contains NO salt.  As the previous reviewer stated, this place is wonderful for someone who is trying to use less salt in their food but does not want to give up any flavor.You can get spices in small containers here, so you never have to worry about buying too much and having it go bad.  There are also plenty of extracts and goodies for bakers as well as many gift sets.If you like fresh and inexpensive spices and herbs, Penzey's may be your new favorite store.
5	I've only used their online store, since I live in the San Francisco Bay Area, so I can't review their brick and mortar shop but as far as online shopping goes, they're great.    Very basic online presence, which is fine with me.  The quality of their spices is top notch, their blends are interesting, their gift sets are really handy and I like the fact that they offer a wide range of sizes for most of their items.   From an 8oz bag to a .2oz jar. of basil to a 1lb or 1oz bag of star anise.    There is often the choice of whole spices or ground as well.  Some fun exotic goodies as well like sanaam chili peppers, charnushka (nigella sativa) or mahlab (sour cherry)....So far I also like all their blended spices as well...   grill rubs, chicken seasonings... haven't tried their salad mixes or cheese sprinkles yet but I'm sure they're good.   I've ordered from Penzey's numerous times and they've never let me down.  They're very consistent.  Be sure to get their catalog mailer which comes with helpful recipes and suggestions.    Then get cooking. :)
5	OMG! I cant believe I waited this long to go here! I was thinking it was going to be just some little store.. this place is huge, well for a spice store. They are well focused and of great quality! The staff is so friendly and helpful.. I did get to bash them both as neither had tried the Buttermilk Ranch mix! They were closing for the night so I didn't get a chance to thoroughly scour every inch of this great store but what I did get, amazing! Try the smoked paprika, oh yeah! Oh they also had French lavender.. I see a cheesecake in my future.. now if I could only convince the Mr to make it for me! He is a pastry chef after all!
5	My husband has been wanting to go here for awhile now. He had frequented the Houston store when he lived there, and I had made him throw out his ancient dregs of Penzey's taco seasoning when he moved in. I expected Penzey's to be FAR more expensive than it is. Many items are less than you would pay for McCormick's in the grocery stores. They sell just about any spice, dried herb, and combo seasoning that you could think of, in a good variety of sizes. They also have cocoa powder, 3 different vanilla strengths, almond, lemon, and orange extracts, whole vanilla beans, arrowroot, and cream of tartar for the bakers. They have sample jars of everything, so you can get a close look at the texture and get a good whiff as well. It's all very high quality. They have recipe books, customizable gift packs, and very helpful staff. If you are a Food Network junkie like we are, this is where you can get all the "new" hot seasonings all the cool kids are using.
5	My first time here I probably spent an hour sniffing samples and making my selection.  I use their products daily. With any of the herb mixtures, and a piece of meat, you can produce a gourmet meal. I also like the Greek seasoning, Fox Point Seasoning & Garden Salad seasoning, sprinkled on my salad and drizzled with olive oil. My kids have to have the Pizza seasoning on a frozen pizza. I use the Sandwich Sprinkle on my homemade tortilla wraps. The Red & Green Bell Pepper flakes are great in casseroles. I did learn one thing from Penzey's- in the past, I used too little of the dried herbs per pound of meat.If your little ones aren't in a stroller-beware, there's a lot they could get into.
5	This place has so many hidden treasures! Give yourself at least half an hour your first time, so you can smell every dish of amazing herbs, spices and blends. My favorite items include the chipotle powder, country french vinaigrette, Extra Fancy Vietnamese Cinamon, and Trinidad Lemon & Garlic Marinade. Be sure to grab their magazine when you leave - it has recipes in it using their spices.
5	Nearly every spice you can imagine and you can purchase them in all different quantities. Small jars, large jars, small bags and large bags to refill your jars. Ada G. stole my thunder because I got her hooked on my three favorites. You have to try the Vietnamese cinnamon, the chipotle chile powder and the French vinaigrette mix. Penzey's is great too because every spice in the store is displayed (for lack of a better word) in glass jars so you can smell them before you buy them. Makes a huge difference when deciding between six different cinnamon's.
5	I have been a Penzey's Spice fan for years and I usually order from their catalog being that I am in Flagstaff.  But their Phoenix store is a must stop whenever I am in the Valley.  They have virtually everything that the catalog offers.  It's a wonderful store with fantastic staff.  There are so many Penzey Spice favorites of mine that it's difficult to narrow down any specifics.  The Brady Street Cheese Sprinkle is a must have for any kitchen/table..it goes on virtually everything (pizza, mashed potatoes, salads), I also highly recommend their Herbs de Provence as it is a staple mix of flavorful and savory herbs for a myriad of dishes.  Their curries are ALL fantastic!  Finally I very much so recommend Penzey's vanilla beans as they trump Williams-Sonoma's in size and value.  Penzey's prices are very surprising; incredibly economical for the extremely high quality of their products.  Hit this store and stock up on some good spices and taste the difference in the food your prepare.  Quality of spice truly makes the heart of every dish.  Happy eats!
5	I will never go back to any supermarket spices again. Seriously! Their spices are incrediable and every time I come into town, its the first place I want to go to stock up. Once you buy their containers all you have to do is buy refill packets. Cheap once you get started and prices are even better then supermarkets. It just doesn't make sense to get your spices anywhere else unless they don't have the product.
5	I can't believe I have lived in Scottsdale for 3 years and just recently visited Penzey's. I needed file spice for Gumbo. File can be hard to find outside of the Bayou, and they had it. The prices are surpirisinly low for the quality and specialization they have. I ended up buying about 6 little spice jars, they have all had great flavor so far. I will definitley be going back when I can spend more time. The employees are very friendly and helpful as well!
5	Herbs and Spices OH MY!!!Every Spice, Herb, baking ingredient you can imagine is here and the quality is just superb! I will never waste my money at any other place on spices or herbs...because unless they are Penzey's they are a waste of money!I personally love there Cumin, their extracts, Vanilla and Almond, and their many Cinnamon Choices, are the most amazing quality and are worth every penny. I look forward to every visit to the store so I can try a new item each time I go. I keep a list in my spice cabinet to make sure I never run out and so I never have to rush off to the grocery store for a spice while cooking...God forbid I run out of my Penzey's Spices!!
5	SPICE HEAVEN!!!If you love to cook, bake, grill- whatever, you will absolutely die when you walk in this place! They have every single spice you can imagine (over 40 types of Cinnamon for example... who knew that was possible?!?). They have a variety of specialty spices in rare raw and pure form, as well as blended spices and seasonings for different forms of cooking. One of my favorite purchases is the Vanilla Bean Sugar. It's just pure white sugar with fresh vanilla bean mixed it- I love to sprinkle a little in my morning Oatmeal! Delish! If you're stuck on what to buy Mom for Mother's Day, or maybe a bridal shower gift- pick up one of their pre-made gift baskets or customize one to suite that person's kitchen hot buttons! This place is a must visit- you will definitely not walk out empty handed!
5	If you've ever drove by Penzey's and thought ... "what is this place?" then I feel better about myself. I walk to the neighboring Starbucks every weekend and asked myself that same question, yet never took the extra 30 steps to check it out.  I actually thought it was restaurant for a while! Then my neighbor turned me onto it when I was looking for smoked paprika.  Duh, Store named spices... maybe they sell um I don't know, SPICES!  I've only been there twice, but will continue to return until I move far far away or they shut down.  This place is awesome; they have every spice you can imagine and then some.  I thought everything would be loose and you would have to jar or bag it yourself, but that's not the case.  It's also very reasonably priced, about $4-7/jar.   They also have some special mixes for rubs, etc... If you're going to be in the area, it's a must see. You will walk out of the store with more than you came for, but your food will thank you for it!
5	When an avid cook tried to tell me about Penzey's, I wrote it off as the Mary Kay of spices... until a year later, she took me.  I've been hooked since.. the pricing is much better than the McCormicks in the grocery stores though not as good as bulk from LeeLee's or an ethnic Middle Eastern market for example.  I keep going back, b/c I've gone OCD building Penzey bottles and bags collection.  I've justified the bulk bag purchases by buying their mini empty jars and creating spice gift baskets for house warmings and birthdays... it's a sick and wonderful obession.My faves:Smoked Paprika -- buy this now, buy in bulk.Sunny Paris -- great on eggs and also baked sweet potato fries (doused w/ olive oil and smoked paprika)Shallot Salt -- ok I just sniff it, I can't really taste the shallotGinger -- for holiday bakingFennel -- I've never seen seeds this green elsewhere
4	Wow.  I have never seen so many different spices and rubs organized in such a great way.I was coming in for saffron, which, if you are looking for it, it's behind the cashier counter because of how valuable it is.I didn't end up purchasing at this time... As far as service... the ladies completely ignored me.  They addressed the other older ladies who walked in, but didn't pay attention to me.  That's not a big deal, but I just noted the difference.I was trying to find the saffron (not knowing it was behind the counter) and I wanted to ask someone and they were all helping someone, which is good.They had some nice chipotle rubs and stuff... I'm definitely considering going back to get some of this stuff for grilling.
5	I love Penzey's. I stumbled into it, and now make a point to stop in whenever I need spices.  Feel pretty lucky that the only Penzey's in Arizona is so close.I recommend their Arizona Dreaming salt-free seasoning.  Excellent.Also: Natural Dark Cocoa, Vietnamese Cinnamon, Fine Herbes, and Chili 3000.Lots of varieties of chili powder, cinnamon, vanilla, and much more.  Allow some extra time for your first visit.
5	Ever been in a spice store? It's like walking into your favorite kitchen and smelling all your favorite foods being cooked at once. We had been ordering from a catalog for some time and didn't know that they actually had stores. Then one day we were visiting the Phoenix area and discovered this store. First time we came in we hadn't a clue what we needed. We soon learned to make our list and each time we hit the Phoenix area, we know what to pick up. It's one of the best spice markets we've seen. Be sure to allow enough time to browse, pick up some of their free recipes and their magazines are loaded with ideas.
4	Let me just start off by saying this; this place deserves a five star review. The only reason I am giving it four was because I was so frustrated trying to find this place I got extremely angry at one point. Here is my story: This year for mothers day my sister and I decided that it would be a good idea to clean out my mother's spice collection. Pretty much 90% of my moms spices have been in her house since before she married my step dad--which was 12 years ago. And she still uses them!! Every time I go over to her house I give her grief about the 13 year old bottle of oregano or the 15 year old bottle of cloves. How she thinks these will evoke any kind of flavor into food, I have no idea. So when I found Penzey's Spices one day while searching through yelp, I got super excited! We decided that one weekend we would go down and totally start our mom from scratch. So this weekend, we planned our entire Saturday around Penzey's. So after breakfast we drive down Hayden and start searching for the store. We do this for at least 10 minutes. Circling back and forth, up and down the street. I probably used half a gallon of gas just looking for the store. My sister even put the address into GPS and it took us to the same location. Having no idea why we couldn't find this place, my sister called only to find out that they were now located in Tempe Marketplace. On none of the websites I looked at Saturday morning did they bother to update their address. Being in such a digital age you think that would be the first thing you change. So both of us were so annoyed we decided that we weren't going to drive down to Tempe Marketplace and that we would just do something else for our mom. Later that day though after my sister had gone home, my husband and I decided to drive down to TM since its on our way home to check out the store. When we got there, we had no idea where in TM it was, so we drove in circles around the entire place again. We finally decided to get out of the car and just walk around to find it. We located a directory, where it said it was located in one place. When we got there it wasn't there. Pissed off again, we went back to the directory and found a different location where we finally found it. Let me just tell you, all of the running around trying to find this place, totally killed any joy I had once I got in there. If we had found this place on the first shot I would have been extremely thrilled to be in here. But here we were, hot, tired, at the end of the day, and we just wanted to get in and out. The entire time we were in this store my husband just wanted to leave because of how tired he was at that point. But I managed to salvage enough time to get my mother her present.The store itself though, is amazing. Every spice you can imagine, or didn't even know existed, is most likely in this store. There are hundreds of kinds of spices and herbs, and all of them are available for you to smell in jars places by each one. I probably smelled almost half of them. They come in all forms as well. Whole, ground, diced, powdered, mixed.... it just goes on forever. I definitely will be coming back to this store now that I know where it is. And hopefully next time I will be in a better mood and have more time to kill to be able to check out every single spice in here. I can tell my spice collection might just be getter a bit bigger soon.
5	Definitely a great plce to find both that odd spice you can't find anywhere else but also great prices on bulk amounts of the good stuff you use every day.  For the lover of everything chipotle, try the Northwoods Fire Seasoning, it will be the new seasoning for just about everything.Warning: The store has moved to Tempe Marketplace.  You'll find an empty shop if you try to look for it on Hayden now.
4	I will echo a former reviewer in saying, frustrated that THEY HAVE MOVED TO TEMPE MARKETPLACE!  They are over by the Men's Warehouse now.That said, as a foodie, it was nice to find a store dedicated to the spice of things.  I was not overly impressed with the individual selection of common A-Z spices.  Most of what is carried will appeal to the masses: Spice blends for certain types of foods, e.g. fish, baking, dips.  I did find and purchase a couple of spices, most are available in 3 or more sizes and even bulk refills in zip top bags.  I believe the spices to be fresh, cannot tell as the dates are in Julian format.  I cannot speak to the quality of the spices yet as I have not tried everything I have purchased yet.I went specifically looking for cumin, oregano and turmeric.  They had no turmeric, I was not impressed with the choice of cumin or oregano; it just seemed, by smell, to lack that "ooh, I love this" mouth watering gotta have. There were an abundance of staff on hand, not overly pushy though, but ready to answer a question if need be.Final Rating: 4.3 Stars for the difficulty in finding the place, and hoping for a larger selection of single variety spices.  Also disappointment in not finding spices that I can get even in my local Supermarket.
5	My husband and I were given a collection of Penzey's Spices as a wedding gift years ago, and it was one of the best gifts we received.  Little did I know, we would be moving to Scottsdale a few years later and would find a store in our backyard!If you like to cook, you will find every spice, seasoning mix, and dried herb imaginable.  If you don't like to cook, you will still find every spice, seasoning mix, and herb imaginable and you will want to start cooking, or at least start a beautiful "collection" of their products.I love their products are generally available in a smaller "I only need a little" size as well as standard size spice jars, and some in larger bags for refilling.  Empty jars are available, too!  On my last visit, I found hot cocoa mix, and with winter just around the corner...okay the corner has a wide berth.  Maybe frozen hot chocolate is in order!The only problem with Penzey's is I calculate it's going to cost me about $40,000 to build a suitable kitchen to house their products.  It's worth it.
5	Love Penzey's!  I don't cook major recipes any more, but I still like to cook a bit. I may not use many of the spices in Penzey's but the store makes me want to.  What I love about this place is that it has any spice you can think of or never heard of before going in there.  They have samples of every spice, for sniffing.  I think I sniffed every spice there. I didn't get out of there for over an hour.  I bought a few things and I've used them all so far.  Love the cocoa, BBQ 3000, the almond extract, rosemary and more.  Go to Penzey's...get inspired....or not...just go for the experience.p.s. staff is very helpful and cheery.
5	Penzey's is a great place to go when you know that you want to make something special but you're not entirely sure what.  They spices and herbs are all top-notch so whatever you make is going to be incredible.  Even if you're a shitty cook, you can make something palatable with the help of Penzey's.So, you don't know what to make for dinner.  Look around.  Saffron?  Saffron sold in grocery stores smells like DayQuil and is ineffective.  The stuff you get here is the real deal.  A tiny little pinch will make your rice golden and delicious.  Okay, so, you have saffron.  What next?  A fresh vanilla bean?  I'll use that vanilla bean to make the best vanilla ice cream I've ever made in my life!Look around a little bit, smell this, smell that... orange peel?  It smells so GOOD!  Okay, so, using that I can marinate some pork chops and have these amazing orange-zested pork chops along with lovely saffron rice and vanilla ice cream for dessert.It's THAT fucking easy.  Seriously.  You can plan entire meals, including dessert, all around the various spices they house here.  AND the spices are all amazing.  Their paprika will make you piss on the shit you get from Safeway or Fry's.  My parents used to order stuff through their catalogue which was always really, really cool.  They have amazing accessories too like really well-made pepper grinders and salt shakers.  Having the store to actually go to is an amazing experience.  I'm a seasoning-smeller, I admit it.  I could spend all day smelling their bay leaves, cinnamon and sage.
4	The BEST spice store on the planet. It was convenient when they were in Scottsdale, but now that they are at Tempe Marketplace, I go every chance I get.So why only four stars? Two words: crappy hours.Folks, when you had a little store in an ignored strip mall, you could afford to be eccentric and keep bankers' hours. But you're in THE mall to be at now. Put on the big-kid pants and stay open another hour or two, please!
5	Went to Penzey's Spices and was overwhelmed with the wonderful spices that are offered.  Purchased the Arizona Spice and it was wonderful.  For those foodies who love to cook with spices, you will certainly treasure this place
5	Be still, my heart! Today I have decided to be a baker/chef/whatever will make it appropriate for me to come to Penzey's Spices every day for the rest of my life. Folks, what we have here is the motherload of spices, nestled in the cutest darn shop ever. I love the seemingly never ending selection, and they have strategically placed recipe cards throughout the store for people like me who don't know the first thing about cooking. Brilliant! I bought a really cute little gift box with four different spices for my grandma for Christmas  for only $7.95, and yes, I'm serious. I am so excited to come back here soon soon soon!
5	Yep, Penzey's is awesome. In the spice world it's as good as it gets, one stop here and you'll guffaw every time you walk by a grocery store spice rack. Lot's of fresh spices, some you never knew existed and some you didn't know you can't live without, and many of them are available for your sniffing pleasure. Plus some awesome gift boxes available for ridiculously reasonable prices. With friendly and warm staff, inviting but not overbearing decor and really good prices for what you're getting, I would recommend everyone stop and have a look, I nearly guarantee you'll walk away with something awesome.
4	I  couldn't believe , a shop just for spices ! For an avid cook  , this was just heaven.The shop is well laid out , small samplers of spices for you to sniff and small card with the information about the origin of spice and how and where it is used. Very friendly staff .It's almost a mini museum of spices - a must visit .
5	I LOVE Penzey's.  My entire spice cabinet is from their shop.  The quality is excellent, they carry things you can't get anywhere else, and they have amazing spice blends for almost every occasion.  I do agree with Dan that the store should have longer hours now that it is in Tempe Marketplace, but for me the convenience of having their store so close is worth the inconvenience of the hours.I'm telling you, once you try Penzey's you'll never go back to the stuff at the supermarket, and frankly there is no need.  The prices are not that different and the quality is light years better.
5	Was first introduced to Penzy's by my sister with Chip and Dip seasoning. Then some English Prime Rib Rub, Cayenne Pepper... and I'm definitely hooked! Recently bought some vegetable soup base, and I highly recommend it. We have a vegetarian in the house, so this really helps so we can all enjoy soups together. Very easy to find at Tempe Marketplace. On the pricey side, but worth every penny for such wonderful flavors!
5	This place is absolutely hands-down the only place I buy my spices... been a convert since I found out Alton Brown uses their spices (plus my coworker wouldn't stop about their Cinnamon.. or as he called it "the real cinnamon".. cuz apparently the kind I used to buy in stale McCormick bottles at Fry's was crap).  And if you are wondering - yes, you CAN taste the difference with Penzey's variety of cinnamon and a standard grocery store generic cinnamon.. worlds diffrerent.Anyway.  I really love shopping at this place - it's well laid out and they have just about every essence, spice, herb, mixture that you would want for baking, cooking, etc.  They have all kinds of sizes so that if you want to just try a bit out, you can buy a 3 dollar bottle of it and not break your wallet.  They also have bigger sizes in case you have already tried it and can't get enough (ie. that's who I feel about their Adobo and Lamb Seasoning).  The staff is always friendly and able to help you with finding things or just getting recipe ideas.Another thing I love about this store is that I get lots and lots of useful coupons in my catalog.  If they send me a coupon, you bet your butt I'm using it... and usually grab a few more things while I'm there using it.  They know their strategy works on me.  Like today, went in, spent $10, had a $5 off when you spend $10 + another coupon for free cinnamon blend.. walked out with a $5 tab and 4 containers of goodies!  That's pretty sweet.Give it a shot for your next baking adventure or to mix up your recipes a bit...
5	I love Penzey's Spices! I first discovered them in the late 1990s, when I moved to a small town in NC where the spices were black pepper and catsup. They saved us from culinary disaster becasue we could order their products in the mail!  WHen we moved to Tempe, I would purposely arrange a whole afternoon to drive up to their Scottsdale store to get everything I needed. Now, they are much closer to our home, and I love popping in for smaller spice requirements.  I love that they have hard to find spices, I love that they have great prices and you can buy large portions for small cost, yet the spices are still fresh and delicious. I recommend Penzeys to everyone!
5	Just another rave for Penzey's. I'm so glad I finally starting buying my spices here. I resisted for years thinking the quality couldn't be that much different than what's available at the grocery store. I also wrongly assumed they would be more expensive. Thank goodness I finally saw the light.Over the years, I've become a vegetarian and started eating whole foods diet. Weaning myself off of frozen meals means I spend a lot of my free time cooking and baking from scratch. All of the time spent in the kitchen helped me realize how important it is to use the best ingredients that I can afford.What I love about Penzey's is that all their spices are available as 1/4 cups jars. Not only does this save a bunch of space, it's ensures that you will have faster turnover of your spice inventory. Usually a 1/4 cup is more than enough to last you for a year or two. For things I use frequently, I buy the larger bag and refill the small jars as needed. Their empty containers are also cheap. I got a 16oz jar to make it easier to measure salt when I'm cooking.As I stated before, I really though Penzey's would be more expensive since they are a specialty shop. I was happily proven wrong. Even whole spices like cardamom pods and cumin seeds are similarly priced to Lee Lee's or Mekong. As a baker, I'm a nut for their Vietnamese cinnamon and double strength vanilla. These are definitely gourmet items so it wouldn't be fair to compare them to inferior versions found at Fry's, but Penzey's is way cheaper than Sur La Table or Williams Sonoma.
5	I can't really tell you anything that has not been said over and over already. There is LOTS of selection, the herbs and spices are amazingly fresh, they have a really helpful staff, you can sniff the stuff in store, you can order by mail if you like, there are different sizes of jars and bags to choose from, there are recipes for you in store and online..... you read all that already, right? Bottom line:Want to get some herbs and/or spices to enhance your cooking? GO HERE!Enjoy!
5	There's nothing I can say about Penzey's that hasn't been said before. If you love to cook and are looking for inspiration, this place will always manage to give you new ideas. Having relocated to Phoenix from San Francisco, I was ecstatic to find a Penzey's nearby (less than 10 minutes away as opposed to the 30 minutes I used to travel). This Penzey's is located in Tempe Marketplace near a mattress store and a health store, across the parking lot from JC Penney's. Like other Penzey's, you can smell the spices and read the label of the sample jar to get ideas on how to use the spice you're looking at. The people working at the store are really friendly and returns/exchanges are easy (at least in my experience). Finally, the customers are phenomenal. During my first trip to this store, I met this really nice lady who gifted me with a jar of shallot pepper! You gotta love it when the customers are equally as awesome as the store itself:)
5	I loooooooooooooovvvve this place! I mean, how can you not love a place when every time you walk out of it you smell like cinnamon??Yes, these spices and herbs are bit more pricey than your average jar of McCormick's, but they are WELL WORTH IT. Apparently, they are their own mill and wholesaler. So, all the spices and herbs are really only a week or two old, which means they are super fresh and will last a long time. And, on top of that, a little goes a long way....so, you do get more bang for your buck. :) With that said, my absolute favorite herb combos are Sunny in Paris (taste good on everything!!! especially breakfast eggs!) Mural of Flavor is really good too, I love it on fish and fresh veggies. Their vanillas are to die for, and of course the cinnamon, as was already mentioned :)P.s. fyi, every week they are restocking with fresh new shipments, so you will always have fresh herbs to chose from.
4	I love Penzey's. I've had great experiences with both their online and in store service. The only thing that would make them better is if they had stores in New Mexico! Instead I have to get my fix when I'm in AZ visiting family.
4	Penzy's is a great place for finding all kinds of spices.  The store is very inviting and easy to find what you are looking for.  I like how Penzy's have different options in spice sizes.  It's not like the grocery stores where they only offer one size.  So, this can keep the price affordable on what you need.  I do love how they may have a variety, based on the country for certain spices.  Top quality for sure! The staff here are very helpful and informative.  Don't forget to pick up one of their catalogs, which have recipes from people who use Penzy spices.  Nice touch!
2	Way overpriced. Wide selection. Good to browse, not to buy. Check out your local mexican market.
5	The best spices around!
5	Great selection of ecletic spices and herbs.  Yes, the prices are higher than the grocery stores but you shouldn't be buying spices at Penzeys that you can get at a grocery store.  They have a number of different chili blends that make some of the best chili you will ever have.  Everything always seems very fresh.
4	Great place to find more unusual spices from various parts of the world.  From ajwain seed to juniper berries, their selection can't be beat.  For those that don't want to make their own spice mixes, they also have pre-made spice mixes that are mixed based on type of cuisine and also based on meat used.  For those that want high quality baking ingredients, they also have multiple types of extracts and vanilla from various countries.  The prices here are a little higher than buying in bulk at Sprouts, but the spices here are fresher and seem to be higher in quality.  If you're looking for higher quality spices, or spices you usually won't see at your grocery store spice aisle, come here, otherwise head over to the bulk spice section at Sprouts for your everyday needs.
4	Stopped in to pick up some spices for my special rub and learned a lot from Zack. I'll be back.
5	For any cook this place is heaven! It is easy to walk in and get overwhelmed with the amazing choices they offer. My fiance stumbled across this place when looking for Christmas gift ideas for me; needless to say, it was a wonderful Christmas for me. Months later he decided to take me there to check it out. For years I had been looking for a good adobo spice as the one my mother in law gave me years before had ran out and was never to be found again; the adobo I found here was one of many kitchen treasures we have come to experience with their spices. As another Yelper stated, the spices can cost a bit more than McCormick's, but they are "WELL WORTH IT". The spices are still decently prices in my experience. I love to cook and I especially love to feed people; this place appeals to that exact need of mine. When I cook for large groups of people, I am often asked what spice I used in my dish. Some of the phenomenal spices I can vouch for include: Vietnamese Cinnamon, Adobo, Arizona Dreaming, Sunny Paris, Chipotle, and the Mexican Oregano. Enjoy, I know you will :).
3	I've been wanting to check this place out for awhile since the spice selection at most grocery stores in my area is sadly lacking.  I had high expectations since this is a store that sells only spices.  But I was a little disappointed by the selection.  Don't get me wrong, they have a very nice selection of spices, and when you smell them you can tell that they are high quality.  But I guess I just expected a large variety of things that I couldn't find in the grocery store.  They have a bunch of different signature spice blends though, so that is different.  And I did pick up some ground galangal, which I have never noticed in a regular grocery store, as well as a few vanilla beans.  The price of the vanilla beans was just slightly cheaper than at Sprouts, and I think they were also higher quality.  Overall, I would say this place is worth checking out.  Their product is high quality, but I just wish they had a wider selection that really blew me away.
2	I really like their spices. However, the old woman with the crazy hair who works behind the counter was freaking me out. She doesn't say anything when you cone in, just gives you this cold stare. I felt bad for the young guy working with her. He was clearly trapped in a conversation about Christian values. I felt uncomfortable and didn't want to linger, so I got one thing and got the hell out. Maybe you shouldn't be discussing religion and politics while you're on the clock. I think I'll order online next time.
5	Penzey's is undoubtedly my favorite place to shop for spices. I have been remiss in not posting this review sooner, as I am an avid advocate for this shop. They have such a vast inventory and selection of spices, it's a fantasy come true for the home cook. If you cook at home and are attentive to flavor profiles and distinctive spice blends, you need to stop in at Penzey's and investigate! I recommend getting on their mailing list too, since they will send you a subscription to their monthly publication, which is essentially a catalog, but also includes coupons, recipes, meal ideas, and contributions from folks who shop at Penzey's and use their spices in their home cooking.Here are the best things about this Penzey's location:1) Always friendly and helpful, You can tell that they want you to linger and smell all of the different spices on display.2) Great place for gift ideas. I have often given the gift boxes as Christmas and birthday gifts, or just included them in care packages for people in my life who I know love to cook.3) You can derive inspiration for new meal ideas just by checking out their various spice blends. I have been driven to cooking chicken fajitas just after purchasing their Arizona Dreaming spice blend. This is also a great gift when you are visiting friends out-of-state and you want to give them something reminiscent of Arizona. Other spice blends I love include their Krakow Nights (Polish) and Jamaican Jerk Seasoning.4) It's conveniently located in the Tempe Marketplace. They used to be in Scottsdale, which was a bit inconvenient for me, but since they moved to Tempe, I have been a frequent visitor.That being said, you are missing out if you have not dared trot into Penzey's Spices and marvel and the sights, sounds, and smells of this spicy dreamscape!
5	I LOVE this place! I wish I could live/work there! If you are a cook, this is a must visit place. Penzy's has every spice, herb, and seasoning you can imagine...as well as blends that they have concocted themselves! AND, they have recipes to use them in! If you sign up for their seasonal catalog, you will get dozens of ideas for cooking and baking. And they usually have coupons for a free jar of something in each catalog. They also have gift packs for easy giving for holidays and birthdays etc. The perfect gift for the chef in your life! Their mission statement: "Love people, cook them good food." says it all!
5	I adore each location I have been to.  I truly wish this location had not moved from its place on Hayden Road (as it was so close to my home), but I do hope the foot traffic is better for their sake.The selection is amazing. I can spend hours smelling each mix and pondering what I want to cook next.  I have successfully replaced every spice and herb in my cabinet with a Penzy's version, and I am so happy that I did.  You will not be disapointed.
4	Love Penzey's!!! What a fun store. Whether you go in with certain spices in mind or just to browse, you're bound to leave with some awesome choices.Most items come in multiple size options. I am in love with the tiny glass jars. If you use a lot of a certain spice/herb, you can purchase it in a larger bag and jar it yourself if you prefer (empty jars available). There is also a large selection of gift boxes so if you are trying to find a gift for someone who has everything or is difficult to shop for, these are excellent options.The only drawback for me is that I don't believe they have any organic options. I didn't expect them to, given the size and that it's a specialty store. It isn't a dealbreaker for me, but for some it could be. Because I prefer to have the choice, I will probably continue to purchase my common spices at places like Whole Foods, but for more uncommon and fun mixes, I will shop here.
5	For me everyday has the potential to be a culinary adventure and Penzey's makes this easy for me.  How you say?  Well here is a trick for all those that are wanting to do a little more cooking at home.  The key is a well stocked spice rack with fresh quality spices.  Even if you are not so keen on blending individual flavors and spices yourself they have some great prepared blends of herbs, spices, salts, peppers, extracts and  stock/broth bases.  Once you have your spices/seasonings it is just a matter of picking a protein and a vegetable, there you have it, dinner! I have several staples.  The ones I use most often are the garlic and onion powder, recently I also added their toasted onion powder to that collection of spices purchased in quantities over an ounce. Here are some other staples I buy in smaller quantities regularly so that they are always fresh and not sitting around getting bland: - Chesapeake {think old bay seafood spice but better}- Ozark {yummy on burgers}- Tandoori, Sate, Balti, any of their Curries- Italian Sausage Seasoning [add it to ground turkey...you'll thank me later.]  -Smoked Paprika - Ancho chile powder- Cardamon - Penzey's Cinnamon Blend- Ceylon Cinnamon - Vietnamese Cinnamon [AMAZING!]-Chinese 5 spice powderOh I know there are a few more I am most likely missing.  Every time I go in here I can easily spend an hour.  I start at one end of the store and slowly make a lap, smelling and sampling and pondering the wonderful dishes I can prepare.  Make sure you pick up their magazine/catalog and you check out their website.  They offer some fabulous recipes and you can get a good idea of their offerings before you head to the store.
5	This is one of those places that I don't understand how they are in business... I'm usually the only one in the store.  The prices are a bit to much more expensive than you'd find on a mid-price brand in say, Target.But their catalog's are awesome and not just for the fairly regularly free product coupons - they often have cool cooking ideas, great pics, and some yummy recipes.  The recipes tend to skew towards Midwestern cooking (yes, that's intended to be an insult...) but it sometimes have some goodies.If you are like me and look young and apparently not like you'd be spending 1.5-2x as much for spices as you would be elsewhere, I sometimes get completely ignored here (no greeting, no asking if I need help) by the older staff.But there is one young guy, Zach (who either recently started working here or I've just happened to shop on his off days in years past) and he's freaking awesome!  Kudos to him for making the shopping experience what it should be - helpful when needed, gives you space when you don't, and all with a smile on his face.
5	I was very surprised at the selection and prices of items in the store. My boyfriend's dad turned me onto this place. He gave me a gift set of spices for Christmas and I was hooked, the freshness and flavor is something that cannot be matched with supermarket spices. Then when I ran out, I debated buying more for myself. He is pretty wealthy and I am super cheapie, so I thought everything would be expensive. I noticed they have two locations close to me, one in Paradise Valley, and the other at Tempe Marketplace. Their prices are actually the same as spices you would find in the supermarket. But that is where the similarity ends, the difference in taste is worlds apart. They have all the regular spices, and then they have many of their own proprietary spices. Each spice has a label that tells you about the spice and what you can use it for. They sell chili packets so it's super easy to make chili. They also sell empty bottles so you can mix your own spices (or just save the bottles like I do). They has something called Frozen Pizza seasoning that you add to your frozen pizzas. They sell 1/4 cup, 1/2 cup, 4 oz., 8oz., and 1 lb bags of seasonings. A 1 lb bag of garlic will set you back $13.10. You get a catalog filled with their spices and recipes when you checkout. I plan on purchasing the Natural High Fat Cocoa powder and making some of the best brownies I have ever had.
5	When I am a lotto winnner I will stock my spice shelf from here !  But you don't have to be a lotto winner to come, the prices are what you expect for high quality spices and seasoning. I picked up a sweet curry, and Italian dressing and dutch coco (even in summer I dream of hot chocolate) I was given a free cumin with a mailer coupon. The customer service was really great ! The young man really seemed like he enjoyed his job and helping customers !
