4	I'm not sure how I overlooked this place for so long--I thought I was doomed to make the trek down to Tempe whenever I wanted good authentic Middle Eastern food.So far I've had their falafel pita, shawerma plate and lamb shish kabob plate.  All have been great. While I slightly prefer the food at Haji Baba's and Efe's/Med Fresh Grill, MEB&D is delicious enough that I can avoid the trip to Tempe. And I noticed some pictures adorning the walls in MEB&D of a wedding they had catered--I've now given up committed bachelorhood for the possibility of a wedding catered with such an awesome Middle Eastern food spread.My only complaints are technical.   The hours are short: MEB&D closes at 8pm and on all day on Sundays. And the parking lot looks like it could get tight during a busy lunch rush, which I've avoided so far.
4	I asked a friend at The Arizona Republic if I could write a review on the best falafel in town. He didn't really seem to like the idea and never got back to me. Too bad, because I was looking forward to going to all the other Middle Eastern restaurants in town and comparing their falafel to MEBAD's, which is the best I've had in town so far.The falafel at MEBAD is usually fantastic. Crispy on the outside, moist and tasty on the inside.  It's not overly oily and I've never had a dry falafel ball. And they're just the right size, about the size of a pinball. Occasionally I'll get a batch that is only slightly warmed up instead of freshly cooked, but they're still quite good.The falafel sandwich is fine -- there are four or five balls in a pita with fresh lettuce, tomato and tahini for under $5 (I think) -- but I prefer the a la carte order, 5 piece falafel with a side of tahini and fresh pita for a couple bucks. I usually order that as an appetizer,  to share with others or eat myself in addition to a sandwich when I'm extra hungry.Other than the falafel, I'm partial to the chicken gyros sandwich or plate. It's pieces of grilled chicken breast with lots of yummy middle eastern spices (which I think are still made and sold on premises) and caramelized onions. Couple that with tsatziki sauce + fresh pita and you've got one heck of a meal.If you've got a sweet tooth, try the rice pudding, it's excellent. The baklava and halvah are great, too, but the pudding is the real winner. Made fresh daily and usually sells out. Now, if they could only make a dessert out of falafel....
4	Nice Falafel balls.
4	100 percent authentic dining experience, I felt like I was in  another country.  My shawawma pita had very good flavor with just the right spices.  The hummus was good, but I prefer the hummus of Pita Jungle to be honest.  Can't wait to go back and try more items menu looks great.Keep in mind this is a deli, not a fancy restaurant, so you order at the counter and dine on small uneven tables.  Good lunch spot.  Everything in the deli/store looked very good with some unusual items.
4	What a fantastic place! I've been here many times and never had a complaint. The chicken tandoori salad is wonderful! Out of the ordinary and very tasty. Babaganoush is extraordinary. Doesn't look like much, but what a flavor! Their pita sandwiches are outstanding whether it is the chicken, lamb, falafel or babaganoush. Go outside the box and try something new here as I've yet to be disappointed.
5	I can't say enough about this place. I love to get lunch there, and leave with stuff to-go. They have some incredible home-made olives with different spices. I am an olive snob and can't say enough about them. You can also get hummus and baba ghanooj to go, as well as their freshly made (they are a bakery) pitas.  They also have some interesting mixes, canned beans, etc. They have a lot of Sadaf products which is cool because I used to actually mail order from them once in a while! On the lunch side, I love all their vegetarian food and often get a vegetarian platter or falafel sandwich or plate, etc. Their tabouli is out of this world good - lots of fresh mint and parsley, lemon juice, it's perfect if you are into the Lebanese taste. I've never ordered meat there but I've seen other people order it and it looked great. The food is delicious and home made tasting. Their baklava is superb. Split some with your lunch mate. If I were to succinctly describe their food it is fresh, healthy, authentic, and delicious. I gave it 5 stars. Not 5 stars like a fine dining type restaurant - 5 stars because they do their type of ethnic food with unfailing perfection and authenticity and consistency across multiple visits. Middle Eastern Bakery is keepin it REAL yo! ( blatant fishing for cool ratings!)
4	I decided to come here for lunch and I got the shawawma plate with rice, spinach and yogurt, hummus, and a house-made pita. The shawawma was tasty, the spinach and yogurt everyone were really good, the rice was a bit over cooked, but I add the sumac powder and butter and it even makes it better.  The hummus was kind of bland. The cashier lady awesome, very friendly.  I would come here again.
5	Creeping senility: I thought I'd reviewed this place in 2005. The public area is probably about 600 square feet, but every inch is jammed with Fertile Crescent / Mediterranean goodness.This is a bakery, restaurant, and grocery. The restaurant part of the operation has a an extensive menu of flesh-based and vegetarian options. There are plates, salads, and sandwiches. The plates (kebabs, gyros, etc,.) usually come with a decadent rice pilaf, your choice of tabbouleh or Greek salad, and tsatsiki. There are a few grilled chicken dishes, and the chicken is always moist with a nice char.MEB&D also bottles its own spices. Not as diverse as Penzey's, but it's nice to have an option on 16th St. Hat tip to Adam M. on the olives -- they're delicious.Dessert? They serve different forms of baklava, turkish coffee, and homemade halvah (they'll slice off a piece with a scimitar-looking blade for a sample -- impress your friends!).Tips:- You can buy Greek tobacco soap.- The soup of the day is always avgolemono. It always will be until the mountains crumble and our love is through. Sometimes there's an excellent red lentil as a second option. - They have great par-cooked or reheatable stuff  -- it's in the frozen section.- MEB&D is an effective and affordable option to cater a party on short notice (I've done this).IMO the whole is greater than the sum of the parts. The components are all four-star, but the place gets the fifth for the "park-once, enjoy-many" experience.
5	Don't let the look of the place scare you off. It's a small and cramped store in a little strip mall along 16th Street right north of Thomas.  It has a small store on one side of the building and a small counter on the other side with a few beat up tables to sit at and eat.Like I said....don't let the look of the place scare you off. The food is excellent. Always enjoy everything I order. The falafel pita sandwich is always tasty....some of the softest yet crunchiest falafel I've had....good stuff. Have tried the gyros sandwich too. Great flavor and their sauce just adds to the enjoyment of the sandwich.But the hummus is what I go for. The best hummus I've ever had. Don't know what they do to it...but it's just always so rich and creamy. And has that 'nutty' flavor to it also. Buy some of their freshly made pita bread....some fresh hummus....and you're set.A small hidden treasure of central Phoenix.
5	This is the for-real stuff.  Amazing falafel pita.  Super good food and as always I enjoy checking the shelves for interesting things to try while they're getting my order ready.
5	Had a great lunch here with my friends Sherry and Brandon. The two owners (I am guessing here, but father and son?) were very friendly and attentive. I had the baba ganouj pita with lettuce and tomato, and everyone else's food looked great (a chicken pita sandwhich and amazing looking lentil soup). I was throroughly entertained by a middle eastern television show (satellite I guess?), and the great mix of locals and business people. The market section is also great- you'll find loads of bottled cooking oils, spices, pickles and other pickled veggies, canned eggplant, cous cous and pastas, as well a fridge section with nice looking prepared foods. Will definitely return!
4	This place has very authentic middle eastern food that will leave you satisfied and is probably my favorite in all of Phoenix. Expect great flavors, fresh ingredients, good service and a place to buy in bulk many of the components of the meal you order there.I recommend the combo plate for you first time- you get to try a little bit of everything- the hummus, tabouleh, babaganouj, falafel, dolmas, kibbeh, gyro, tszatsiki and bread. The tabouleh is super fresh and flavorful and the babaganouj is some of the best I have had.
5	I always passed by this place when I'd go down 16th street but I never thought about going in to try it. I'm a student at Phoenix College and for my biology class we had an assignment to go to a store of another culture and study the food they eat and the main ingredients of their diet. I wanted to do a different culture that I didn't know that much about. Since it's just right down the road it was the perfect place to finish the assignment but still be able to get back in a few hours to go to lab. When we got there I told the man that I had an assignment so walking around with a piece of paper and looking at things wouldn't scare him into thinking we were from the health department or something. He was totally fine with it and we went on our way to getting the assignment done. Of course the cultural experience comes with actually trying the food from the culture. I got some pita bread with hummus while my friend tried the imjadora. We shared so we all got to try the different things. The food was very good! Not only that but they kept coming over to check to see how we were doing. He even let us try the falafel which was also incredible. I am amazed not only by this great food but the amazing service that my friends and I received at this place. I have to say it's the best I have ever seen at a restaurant and we will definitely make it a place to eat lunch at more often.
5	So I walked in the door and ordered a falafel sandwich and a side order of hummos.  Pretty standard.But then... but THEN... the owner, a kind older gentleman, saw my Illinois driver's license and asked where I was from.  Turns out, he used to own restaurants (including my fave) in the same Chicago neighborhood that I went to college in.  We-eird.  We really hit it off and had some nice conversation about how great Chicago is and how much we miss it (I know, I know, probably not the right audience)... and then he asked me if I had ever eaten at Pita Inn.  Um, HAVE I?  HAVE I?  Um, yes, I used to be addicted to Pita Inn, thank you very much.  The best hummos in all the world.  He said, "We have very good hummos, but ours is second only to Pita Inn."  An honest man.  I appreciate that.Then he proceded to give me all types of freebies, "You should try... Oh!  and this... and this..." I heart Chicago solidarity.Enough gushing.  Their food was delicious.  Really good.  But the SERVICE was second-to-none.  Thank you, midwestern nice and Middle Eastern Bakery.
3	The only thing that saved this from two stars was the baba ganoush and Gabi!  We shared a plate of the baba and hummus.  Covered with veggies and olive oil.  This was better than my actual lunch, which was a small Greek salad.  Uh...Greek????  It was romaine lettuce, a few chopped red peppers and purple onion slices with...Italian dressing.  Read: tasted just like WishBone.  Seriously.  I was disappointed, because I've read the reviews.  Maybe I just need to try other stuff.  It had a store inside, too, but I didn't have much time to check the shelves.Oh, and they pushed the lemonade BIG TIME!  Neither one of us wanted  it, but they did give us a free cup of it.  It was pretty good!I'll go again.
4	I'm being on the generous side in giving MEBAD (as I've seen others refer to this place) 4 stars...It's kind of a unique gem that you don't see anymore with the owner at the register and a slamming lunch business in addition to the grocery items for sale that are rare foods, snacks, and ingredients from the Middle East.  I suggested this place for lunch with Amy D today after reading about it on Yelp awhile back... so happy I finally made it there myself!As Amy said in her review, we shared the baba ganoush and hummus plate and we each ordered a Greek Salad.  The salad was decent but nothing special, but the baba and hummus with the whole wheat pita was so damn tasty that we didn't even leave a bite.The free cup of homemade daily lemonade was a perk and the owner was really sweet... and I really did like the flavor of it.  I happen to love lemonade!I'll for sure return to MEBAD when I'm in the area to try more from their menu... this is the kind of place you want people to know about since you can tell how much work the owner and staff put into it each day.  If you haven't been, stop by... maybe I'll see you there - but please don't ask me to share my baba ganoush and hummus with you - I'm ordering my own next time!
5	I just cant say enough about this place. One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .
4	Middle Eastern Bakery and Deli is one of my favorite places to eat. I use to go a lot back then, when the owner Alex somehow disappearred to the Middle East ( maybe finally getting married ).  They use to stack their portions with a lot of meat. Since new ownership, they are cut back on the protons but the food is awesome as usual. Their mix grill and chicken kabobs are a must try. With the aromatic smell of their rice along with a side salad with greek dressing, it compliments the meat very well. Their homemade lemonade was very tasty and the owner is very nice along with his staff. Kinda like home cooking except when they get super busy, be prepared to wait awhile, but well worth it.
5	After moving to Bay Area, i still miss this place SOOOO MUCH. Baba, rice pilaf, lamb, gyros, salad, oh my god. BRING IT HERE to Norcal.
5	Purely authentic food. Very tasty, wonderful atmosphere. I have yet to dive into their full offerings, but this will be a regular rotation for me.
4	My boyfriend works at the pawn shop next door, (not nearly as seedy as it looks - stop in and buy some junk!), and I love middle eastern food - those two cardinal reasons are what prompted me to visit the Middle Eastern Bakery, and I have never been disappointed by anything...except for the parking and the long waits. The falafel is delicious...some of the best I've ever had, and while I do not consider myself to be a connoisseur, I do consider myself to be relatively well-versed in the arts of falafel! I love the lemonade. The hummus is probably the only thing I am not crazy about...it is pretty basic, without a lot of accouterments and extra ingredients. This might really do it for you, but I have developed an unfortunate taste for hummus that is less authentic and more "fancy." Parking is difficult at almost anytime of the day, because the businesses right there, (the pawn shop, the Middle Eastern Bakery and the antique store), have their own parking lots but experience overflow from the other businesses frequently. Pawn shop customers park in the Middle Eastern Bakery lot, and vice-versa. However, don't be discouraged by a full front lot! There is a large (if a little forbidding-looking) parking lot behind the Middle Eastern Bakery - it is perfectly fine to park there and walk through the little alley to the Bakery. Esam, the man who owns/runs the Middle Eastern Bakery, is very friendly and funny. If you visit often, he will remember you and will often surprise you with fun freebies - I have received more free halva than I could ever eat. You will receive more charming and personalized service if you go when it is slow, (morning time, after 1:00 PM), but I have never seen him be curt or unfriendly. Speaking of slow vs. busy times - if you are going there at any time close to your lunch break, you will find it to be very busy. There are usually two long, discouraging lines - one, of people ordering their food, and the second of people waiting to receive the food they've ordered. It can be overwhelmingly crowded at times, and it has been a rare occasion that I've made it in and out in under half an hour. If you have a long lunch, good for you! Head over there. If not, maybe wait to try the Middle Eastern Bakery on your day off. If you are a hookah enthusiast, they have a small assortment of shisha and hookah accessories for sale. They also sell a variety of middle eastern products and knick-knacks.
5	I love a good falafel!
4	I went here today with some co-workers. Everyone came away happy and willing to go back. The shop is a half restaurant / half grocery store affair and I will second all of the comments on good service. They go out of their way to make sure you're happy and "real" restaurants could learn a thing or two from them. The food itself wasn't to die for but definitely hit the spot. I recommend you give it a shot.
4	I love Mom and Pop places, I usually go out of my way to find them...My wife did a window covering job for a client who was Lebanese back in '95 and she recommended this place to us.  Mary and her son John were the owners at the time and we made it there at least once every two weeks.  Haven't been in awhile until last week...stopped in to pick up some flat breads and feta....well I must say the present owner is an incredibly nice guy and it helps he is from Chicago!  Anyhoo, he gave me a glass of lemonade, so now I gotta stay for lunch...the food is better than the previous owners and I will be back soon!  And he is special ordering me some barberries for Persian cooking..I like this guy!
4	A great neighborhood gem offering something different.  The pita is excellent.  Warmed up with a little olive oil and they become the best snack this side of blueberries.  The gyros are also tasty and a nice and lighter deviation from the heavy Kronos variety that we see everywhere else.
5	Yup, this place is very good. Friendly service... check!Fair prices... check!AMAZING food... check!Best Lemonade I've ever had... check!They are also very knowledgeable about their food ingredients, so if you have food allergies or prefer not to indulge in certain ingredients, you will have no problem dining here.I personally recommend the Lamb, it was fantastic.
4	Great place! The ambiance was very comfortable and felt authentic. You dine in the middle the deli surrounded by baked goods, meats and canned delicacies. I don't remember the names of the things I ate but their rice was moist and delicious, the pastries were excellent and the meat was too.
4	damnit.. just wrote a detailed review, but I got dropped from the network and lost it.. Fresh, Traditional, Tasty food. I will be back. Go early to beat the 12 o clock rush.Get some lemonade. Parking Sux
3	When I saw they had Fattoush I had to run right over.  I haven't had a Fattoush salad since I move to Phoenix.  Well.... the salad was good but it wasn't the Fattoush I'm used to. Instead of fresh parsley, sumac and purslane, there was dried parsley no sumac, or purslane and instead of toasted fresh pita there were very hard croutons.  Don't get me wrong the salad was still good, but not the fattoush I'm used to.  My quest for the fattoush I remember continues.  I will return to try their schwarmae and they have a nice little middle eastern grocery as well.
4	Family owned and operated restaurant with middle eastern grocery store. The staff was very friendly and the food was delicious. I had the Schwarama sandwich and it was delicious. I would definitely eat here again.
5	This place is amazing. Absolutely LEGIT. Some of the best shawarma and hummus in the US (Zankou Chicken in LA is a close competitor). The pita sandwiches are stuffed with delicious fresh meat, traditional pickles, and tahini or garlic dressing (depending on preference). Ask for their hot sauce to help spice things up even more. And the Jasmine infused lemonade is crazy sweet, but really good. I love this place, and have been a die-hard fan for over 4 years now.
3	I thought it was just okay.  The gentleman behind the counter was quite friendly, as promised by the reviews, but the food was so-so.  Perhaps my expectations were set too high by Yelp.  I like Haji Baba in Tempe better.
4	Falafel!  Not quite Moshe's on Avenue of The Americas in NYC. But really really good. Crispy and Moist. We went here for lunch today. Got there at 11:30. It's primarily a grocery and bakery, there's a kitchen in the back and they have about a dozen tables. There were about 3 tables filled when we arrived but by 12:30 every table was full, there was a line at the counter and people filing into the place. We each had a different dish, and we were all happy with our meals. I am going to return here and would recommend it for lunch or take out.
2	Not bad but not particularly great either.  I continue to be disappointed by the middle eastern food in this town.I stopped in at lunch on a weekday and waited in a very long line.  The place was hopping.  I ordered a $7.99 combination plate which featured hummus, baba ganoush, shawarma, falafal and tabouli.  Alas, it was merely adequate.  First of all, the portions were miniscule, even for lunch.  The hummus and baba were served in little plastic ramekins (i.e., ketchup cups).  This is a bit ridiculous in and of itself - I mean hummus is not exactly a high food cost item but more to the point, neither was particularly tasty.  The baba ganoush was watery and lacking in flavor and the hummus was nothing special with no detectable garlic.  The shawarma was exactly two thin strips of meat.  Four small falafel balls. And of course one small piece of pita bread.  I asked for more bread and they brought another piece, but I'm always baffled by American middle eastern restaurants that serve you one piece of pita bread.  This cuisine traditionally calls for copious amounts of bread and one piece of bread just doesn't cut it.So summing up, bland food and small portions do not a memorable lunch make.
3	I like Feta.  A lot.The Middle Eastern bakery has THREE different kinds of Feta!  For me?  To buy?!?  Yes please.I've only done take out from this joint, and so far I've been very pleased with the entire experience.  The food is reasonably priced and delicious, and the market has a great assortment of hard to find stuff.The baked goods are great.  There's nothing quite like getting a bag of fresh pita bread to take home.  The Tabbouleh is wonderful.  I can't explain how it's different, but I can't leave the bakery without a container of it.I will mention the Feta again.  Three different kinds!  Greek, French and Hungarian.  I was planning on making some Greek-ish burgers for dinner and I must say, the Feta went perfectly.I'm a bit biased about this place since it's within walking distance from my home, but I can safely say that I'll be visiting Middle Eastern Bakery at least once a week.
4	i'm in love with haji baba, so the thought of trying falafel from another middle eastern restaurant felt like cheating. but i'm glad i did. the falafel sandwich from middle eastern bakery and deli was crispy on the outside, warm, soft and flavorful on the inside. the pieces were small, but there were plenty inside the pita. the bread was delicious too. i'm sad that this is located so close to work because i'll be "forgetting" my lunch a lot more often. the prices are slightly higher than haji (i paid $5 and change for the sandwich alone) but it was still a relatively good deal.
4	This is a solid little bakery/deli. If you know me at all, you know I love my Middle Eastern food and I love little Middle Eastern places like this. So, without being biased, I'll list what was good from this particular spot:Great lemonade which is accented by orange flower.Great falafel! Yes, the falafels here are wonderful and bite size!Great pitas. A little on the pricey side for a bag of them, but I've been eating them all week and I don't feel like I wasted a penny. **They also make their own pita chips dusted with za'atar! Those with some labne would be scrumptious!**Good shawerma, got a pita sandwich with tahini and was pretty pleased.Okay hummus. Definitely not the best I've had, but much better than the plain stuff you might get from a super market.I'm definitely going back to try more! Next on my list are the spinach pies, their labne and their fresh pitas covered in za'atar.
4	Hands down, the best falafels ever.  Perfectly crunchy on the outside and so flavorful.  I love their lamb kabobs too.  Their simple rice and salad are so tasty.  I also like their eggplant sandwich...and it is even better when you put falafels in the sandwich.  Mmmmmmm!  Lemonade is ok, a tad too sweet for me.  A perfect place for a satisfying lunch!
4	Love the vegetarian sampler, which I usually get with wheat pitas. Delicious falafel. And I think their baklava nests are also quite nice. You can taste just a hint of flower in there which is lovely.They use the same flower essence in the lemonade, which I have to say *is* pretty good, especially since I don't really like lemonade. Its way too sweet though. Once I took it home and watered it down which made it much more refreshing. Otherwise I feel like I need some water to wash down the lemonade.
4	Best pitas ever!  Been coming here for over 15 years and outside of your own kitchen they are "the only show in town".
4	Best Falafel pita in town with the best falafel in it! Name name says Bakery and Deli, but it is really a cafe with a market.The menu is posted on the wall above the counter you order at, it has many items plates, pitas and more. I went with my middle eastern usual, a falafel pita ($5.49) It comes stuffed in a round 6-7 inch pita with some hummus, tahini, lettuce a tomato slice and some onion. The real star here is the fresh crunchy, small falafel balls that are moist and packed with flavor. The hummus completes this flavor package while the tomato onion and lettuce are just along for the ride. The pita is soft and fresh..My only complaint is at 5.49 is it about $1 more than a good value. My coworkers went with a few different plates that included chicken, rice salad and a pita, they also enjoyed their food.When we left there were no free tables so get here before 12.
4	So I went here for lunch and I gotta say I was very pleasantly surprised. I was really in the mood for middle eastern food and searched on Yelp for locations. When this one came up I was intrigued so I decided to check it out. When I arrived I was a little concerned as it was a convenience store looking place rather then a restaurant but one side is dedicated to the food. I ordered falafel balls with Hummus as well as the Shewarma. The falafel were great!! Very well done and tasted great dipped in the hummus. The Hummus was a bit greasy but thats ok...reminded me of the real stuff! :) The shewarma on the other hand was mediocre. It is very hard to find good shewarma that is prepared right and sliced right. This was more bits of Chicken (Which is not the traditional meat) that were marinated then stuffed into a pita. I would come again and try the Gyro and I'd have the falafell again in a heart beat. Their Pita bread is baked fresh there and is delicious...you can also grab a bag to go if you want fresh pita. Overall not a bad lunch spot....I have yet to find a great Shewarma place in the US, but the search is still on.
5	I have been going to this place for a few weeks now.  Phenomenal middle eastern food.   It's my favorite, and I consider myself a connoisseur of middle eastern food.  My favorite was Sabuddys in Tempe.  It's long gone now, but it's food was of similar quality.  Middle Eastern Bakery and Cafe has the freshest salads and tabouli with just the right proportions, ingredients, and dressing.  Their meats including beef and chicken kabobs, lebanese chicken, and lamb are marinated nicely and grilled to perfection.  Their humus and tahini have great texture and flavor.  Their falafel is fantastic.
5	1. This place is awesome2. The staff is unbelievably generous and friendly3. A great option for vegetarians4. The falafel is the best in town5. THE LEMONADE. OMG, THE LEMONADE. We're addicted.
5	I LOVE this place.  I was never a big fan of Middle Eastern cuisine.  That is, until my coworkers made me eat there with them.  The employees who work there treat you as if you've been coming in for years and are very funny.  My favorite meal there is the Falafel plate (good for vegetarians) accompanied by a large lemonade.  The lemonade is without a doubt the best lemonade i've ever had.  This place is definitely as good as it gets, nothing bad to say about it at all.
5	After living downtown a while now I had to come to think I'd never find a rebound for Haji Baba, I grew despondent and longed for their market and cheap delicious food, on the light rail rides that brought me to Haji Baba my mouth would water as I anticipated my falafel and hummus and favorite confections. I became resigned and assumed I'd just have to make the long trek down there every time the hunger struck.Then as fate would have it the "Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli" caught my eye, luring me in with the hint of what treasures I might find inside.Not only am I over you Haji Baba, I'm thriving, you see I've found a place that is probably better for me than you'd ever be. So with that in mind, and some appropriate mood music let me give a litany of reasons why i promise to love you complete Middle Eastern Bakery and Deli:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFIOu2sYxoc-your falafel is delicious, it is probably the best I've ever had, and for a few bucks you can buy a plate of them, appropriately tiny and crispy golden and crunchy on the outside and warm soft and flavourful on the inside. with tzatziki sauce or some warm hummus and soft pita they make a perfect meal.-your bakery and deli is so welcoming and comfortable and merely a short bike ride away from my place of residence-your prices are so reasonable i almost feel guilty..-your baked goods and confections and broad selection of middle eastern delicacies is heart warming to me.-and your lemonade! lordy. probably the best i've ever had, and i dont just say that about every piece of lemonade i've bagged.-your owners are so kind and welcoming, they make you feel right at home. ;^)i love middle eastern bakery and deli, and despite the generic name it is what it purports to be, and that's a quality that is becoming increasingly rare.
5	Across the street from my work.  Everything I've had here is tasty, from the kibbeh to the falafel.  Hummus & baba ghanouj are obviously very divisive topics, but the baba-g here is the best I've ever had - so smoky!  so creamy!The market is a great feature, too - olives & feta, lots of dried goods, seemingly out of place cookbooks from a serious called "this bitch can..." (e.g., "this bitch can cook for a party").Not the best (or cheapest) Middle Eastern food I've had, and not the best market, but somehow the place is more than the sum of its part.  The rosewater lemonade is kind of what pushes this place into five-star territory - the stuff is DEFINITELY the best lemonade I've ever had, and hits the spot on our hot summer days.
5	get their veggie combo.great place to buy feta and olives!the rosewater lemonade is so refreshing!sweet owners!
5	5 stars for a simple market and deli with some killer good freshly prepared food.I've been coming here for years.  I find the portions to be reasonable, and the quality of the food top notch.  Go to the counter, place  your order, and they'll call you up to do a pick up when it's ready.Nothing like going in for a quick lunch and walking out with a bunch of grocery items, a chunk of feta, a pound of tabbouleh, and a bag of freshly baked pita breads.I'm a fan of their food overall.  There are excellent options for vegetarians.  They also make outstanding stuffed grape leaves.  True story- during one of my pregnancies I craved these, and went twice a week to get them.  They are as good now as they were then.There is seating here, so you can go with a small group and have lunch easily.Don't forget to pick up some freshly prepared baklava for dessert!
5	The owner here will gladly, without fail, devote time to helping each customer decide what they're looking for. Because of this the line tends to get backed up. This is just about the only downside to the place, which is otherwise amazing and staffed with some of the friendliest people in Phoenix. I highly recommend stuffing yourself to the brim with falafel, taboule and tzatziki. DO NOT leave without trying the lemonade. It's bizarre, almost jarring at first, but it'll get you hooked.
5	Since you probably don't know what to expect... here's what to expect: Vibes: The owners are exceptionally sweet and friendly (As in, free lemonade and halva cake?! What the deuce!) There's no strong overwhelming Arab or Israeli influence, just a perfect, little mecca of all things authentically Middle Eastern, from Labneh to imported Pareve chocolate spread.Location: A funky fresh exterior covered in graphic art, like World Peace signs, baklava, camels and snakes... and generally sparse parking.Food: A surprisingly diverse and wonderful selection of food to please the meatless palate. We ordered the vegetarian sampler, which is a solid one-person sized lunch consisting of a pita, four falafel, a spinach pie, four little dolmas, baba ganoush, hummus, tabbouleh, and tzatziki. The falafelim were better than the ones I had in Jerusalem. So blasphemous... yet so crispy.Other: They have sheep's milk cheese. That is a big deal. Also, their iced tea and lemonade are both delicious, meaning the potential for the perfect Arnold Palmer is right at your fingertips.In a word: Unique. This is the most accommodating, authentic, friendly, and, dare I say, seemingly neutral Middle Eastern restaurant and market I have yet to encounter. If you're not convinced of MEBAD's worthiness by now... dir balak. Now go eat! B'tayavon!
5	Isam, owner, is so friendly and helpful. I would go back just to support him. It helps that the gyros are delicious, the pita is fresh and soft. Lemonade just might have an addictive ingredient in it :). I will be back for more!
5	It's awful of me not to have updated this in a more timely fashion.Simply put, Middle Eastern Bakery is fantastic.  Excellent food, great lemonade, superb market and low prices!What really makes the place stand out is the service.  I'd like to share a recent experience I had.After ordering some take out, I struck up a conversation with the owner, who was eating breakfast.  We discussed the various types of feta available, and which kind was best.  This guy, the owner, sliced off a piece of cheese from his own breakfast and gave me a sample.  That's right, he feels so strongly about his goods that he was willing to share his breakfast.I love this shop and only wish that the hours of operation were more in line with my schedule.
5	They serve gluten-free pita here!  No review has mentioned that yet, but to anyone who loves hummus/other-dippable-Middle-Eastern-dishes but can't eat gluten, it's pretty big news and really sets them apart :)Gluten-free, pillow-y soft pita bread.  I have a bite of it in my mouth as I type.  (They sell it by the dozen to take home, or you can order it with your meal.)
4	Yummy!I had the sampler plate and loved all of the options, especially the Tabouli! I am not a big fan of this minty dish, but theirs had a little more grain which made it perfect to me. I liked the falafel balls and the rolled grapeleaves too. I definitely will be back and will try the Beef Shawarma next time. Sorry everyone, but I was not as impressed with the lemonade as it was hyped up to be.
4	This place has really good food and one of the best, most fresh, healthiest version of a gyro (yet authentic) I have ever had.  Delicious felafel.  The market is fun and full of goodies.  The bakery is fresh and has delicious pita and other assorted items.  The only reason this place is not getting a five star review from me is because for the money, I think the portions could stand to be just a little larger.  But hey you get what you pay for and here you get delicious quality food albeit not cheap.
5	If you are gluten free... Stop what you're doing and get on over to the Middle Eastern Deli for their GF pita. Seriously, it's that good. You'll thank me later. Now I'd love a few more gf options on the menu, which the owner says are in the works.
5	Ok, as an avid carnivore, I must say that the grilled beef is pretty damn good.  But don't stop there - and please note, i'm sticking with just the basics here.  The pita bread, the plain ol' pita bread - great stuff, especially warm.  And besides all the delicious traditional Arabic sweets (halvah, don't tempt me!!), try their unassuming butter cookies.  So good!
5	One of my clients recently recommended this place to me, so I went by yesterday to grab a bite before heading back in to work. I immediately felt welcomed by the owner who introduced himself, and gave me a little background info after I told him it was my first time in. He had several vegetarian meal options on the menu, which always makes me happy. I got the spanakopita plate with a salad (a real salad, not just a few iceberg leaves with shredded carrots) and a lemonade. Yes, THE lemonade! I swear it induces euphoria, it's like the perfect spring day, melted down and poured over ice. Anyhow, I saw that they serve Arabic coffee (which I love), so I ended up sitting awhile to enjoy a cup and chat with Isam (the owner), who has got to be one of the most amicable men in Phoenix (which reminds me, I must bring my Dad in for dinner). I ended up bring my bff in for coffee and treats this morning. We also got some falafel and hummus. The falafel was perfect, crispy and herbacious on the outside, and soft and moist on the inside. We left fat and happy, and with two cups of lemonade :)
5	Awesome. Pure awesome. Food is great. Cool little place. Oh and get the lemonade. You have no choice. Don't question, just get it. Your life will change as you discover the super powers you've acquired from the lemonade.
4	I really can't get over the lemonade. Drastically succulent.
5	Best chicken kebab and lemonade ever! Plus owner is the sweetest man alive. You leave feeling like family.
4	Amazing felafel and extremely friendly service. The lemonade is ok. Not sure what the hype is about. You can tell they use honey in it which adds a unique taste to it. Also took home some baklava which was very good. Next time I'm craving some good middle eastern food I'll be coming here.
5	They have GLUTEN FREE PITAS!!!!!!!!!!!! And they're fuggin cheap! Like $3.50 a package or something ridiculous like that. You can sub your pita with your meal for a GF pita at no cost.I'm eating one as I type this, no joke. I'm now a starch addict again thanks to Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli. I don't know if that's a good thing or not ;) Seriously, I can't say enough good things about this place. Their rice is to-die-for. The lamb and kafta kabobs are the best. I've found the chicken kabobs can be a little dry at times so I generally go for the darker meats. The salads are the best I've ever had, their dressing is amazing. Oh, and their lemonade is the best. It's made with rose water and honey, you HAVE to try it! I'm not a huge lemonade drinker so I usually get an Arnold Palmer to cut the sweetness, or as the owner likes to call it, an "Arnold Schwarzenegger." Seriously, get the lemonade or an Arnold Schwarzenegger, you won't be disappointed. Every Friday I work in downtown Phoenix and come here to pick up a multiple packs of gluten-free pitas and get a fab lunch. I always think I'll try someplace else close to downtown but I just can't pass this place up. The owner is super knowledgeable about his food and extremely sweet. Everyone that works there is very, very friendly and knowledgeable. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place!
5	Amazing service! Such nice people, it's so refreshing to find a jem like this. Plus they have the best gluten free pitas, and plan on making gf baklava! So excited! Can't say enought great things about this place! Looooooove it!
5	I've been here twice now since living here a month, and I love it. The owner treats you as if you're his favorite customer from way back when. He told me proudly about the photo of his nephew graduating from the Air Force Academy as I ordered lunch, and offered me a refill of lemonade for the road when I was heading out the door. The middle of this story consists of me inhaling a falafel pita (with homemade hot sauce and pickles inside) which was better than most falafel I ate while recently in the Middle East (but not quite as good as Amsterdam Falafel in Adams Morgan...ooooh DC I miss you!!). If you want a twist on that irresistible lemonade, ask for a Terminator.
5	When my wife and I visited for the first time last weekend, the owner was so happy to see us as well as explain the whole menu and recommend what we should get.  We ordered the combo plate and loved it!  We also got his secret formula lemonade, a slice of delicious Halvah and Turkish coffee afterwards.  You have to request the hot sauce and mix it with the hummus (per the owner's recommendation).  We got such great customer service and were really impressed with their spice selection, this will not be the last time we visit!
5	This place is everything you'd ever want from a mom-and-pop eatery. My husband and I are HUGE fans of the gluten-free pitas, and I buy their fresh blocks of feta when I'm doing my own Mediterranean home-cookin'. The food is TO DIE FOR (I always indulge in a rice pudding on my way out!) and the people are so sweet and nice! This place has easily become one of my favorite spots. Don't forget to try the lemonade!
5	Great service.  My son and I went for our first time and they bought us lemonade.  It was fresh and fantastic.  The service was wonderful... continually offering us refills.  My son got the hummus with gluten free pita and a gyros on GF pita.  The pita bread was so good I bought a pack to bring home.  For only $3.50 my husband and son have had 24 sandwiches.  12 slices of pita makes 24 pita pocket sandwiches!!  Great deal!I ordered the vegetarian combination was enjoyed everything I ate.
5	I have had a lot of traditional middle eastern food, but this place is on its own level. TRY THE LEMONADE and the falafal is the best I've ever had.
4	When I last lived in Phoenix, I would pass by this place repeatedly, vowing that next time I would stop and give it a try. Well, "next time" became today for lunch, and I have to say that I was not disappointed. I ordered their kibbeh appetizer and a falafel pita sandwich. The kibbeh, again, like at Haji Baba, was served more like a piece of pie rather than a dumpling with a fried bulgur wheat shell, but this time, happily, the meat was well seasoned. Their falafel was fresh and soft inside, with a bit of crunch on the outside, and nicely spiced. The portions were just right. I would definitely come here again. Already, I look forward to trying their Middle Eastern spinach pie, which I haven't enjoyed in a long time. I know some people might find it unusual to have a restaurant in the middle of a grocery store, but I was not put off by it. In fact, after eating, I had the opportunity to do some browsing and spotted jars of an Egyptian lentil soup spice blend on sale, which I intend to buy during a future visit. As far as my first impression is concerned, the Middle Eastern Bakery and Deli is a hidden gem near downtown Phoenix. Give it a try.
5	Yummy hummus, great shop with some hard to find feta cheeses and lots of frozen goodies, very kind and gracious owner.  Their falafel sandwiches are very very good.  Definitely drink the lemonade while you're in here...you'll be a fan forevermore.
5	I've never actually had authentic Middle Eastern food before so I have nothing to base this on, but it was delicious and filling! Got the "shawerma" which seemed like mostly beef (it says beef and lamb on the menu but not having lamb before, I couldn't tell the difference), marinated and grilled, with a side of Greek salad (basically a regular ceasar salad with tomatoes, feta, and pickled turnips). It came with a side of super soft, delicious pita bread - which is baked fresh every day. I made a sort of taco with it and it was amazing. The meat pieces weren't quite what I expected (my knowledge of shawarma comes 100% from The Avengers film so I expected shaved meat wrapped in a lefse served in foil) but it was more akin to carne - but marinated and cooked to perfection so absolutely NO complaints here.The food was super fragrant in the best way and a little food filled me up. We also got the lemonade which won the New Times Best Of Phoenix award. It's fresh lemonade with rose water, honey and orange water (?) instead of sweeteners/sugar. It has a very strong honey flavour and is almost like drinking incense. It made my breath smell great after the shawarma and was really unique and delicious. Free refills too!Because we mentioned it was our first time, the owner offered Turkish coffee and their baklava - super delicious! The coffee comes in this cute tiny cup and has cardamom (one of my favourite spices!) in it and the baklava was super good. The filo was perfectly flakey and the honey was top quality and fresh. All that food and drink for under $13. AMAZING.They also have a few aisles of imported and in-house foods. I got a pretty large bag of pitas, a 16oz thing of fresh hummus and a bag of super soft "cracker" bread (markook? chapati? I'm not sure what it's actually called because it wasn't labeled) for under $12. I'm super impressed with this tiny local shop/restaurant and I will definitely be back!
4	the have gluten-free pita. GLUTEN FREE PITA! and it's soft and fluffy and delicious and they won't charge you extra for it. i actually thought they gave me the regular wheat kind the first time i had it because it's so delectable. you can also buy it by the package for something crazy like $4. that's right, i said gluten free.
5	I really want to give 6 stars to this place for their very nice service and the food prepared from their heart with passion.. My husband and I just moved to the area and tried out this place for lunch today. They really made me say "WOW". The pita bread is soooo soft. All the dishes on my vegetarian sampler plate were made just perfect with great taste. Their lemonade is so special. I'm not a big fan of lemonade as it is too sour for me but this lemonade is not sour and has very tender taste. I think they said they add rose water or/and orange blossom water.The food here is way better than that at Beiz Market. Grocery area is kind of small but they have the right items for middle eastern cooking. And in the freezer you can find the dishes on the menu like grape leaves, pita, spinach pie, etc. so you can bring back home and eat later. They also have fresh bakery of course. We bought feta cheese pita bread.I can tell from the food they really love food and really know how to cook. I have a feeling I will go back to this place very soon.
5	I'd give it more than 5 stars if I could.  This place is a bit out of the way for us, but we love it so much it's worth the drive.  The food is scrumptious - the best Middle Eastern in town!   I especially love their falafel sandwich and tabouli.  The fresh baked pita bread and zatar bread are incredible!  We always end up bringing home some groceries as well.  And the owner is so very nice.  Highly recommended!
4	I ordered the lamb kabobs and the shishk kabobs. I also ordered the lemonade. The kabobs were edible but entirely devoid of flavor, the lamb was better than the shishk. The rice that came with it as well as the salad was very good, flavorful. For food I would give them 3 stars, but the lemonade was worth 5 stars. Thus the 4 star rating. The atmosphere was meh. The lemonade is what it's all about.
5	This place is sooooooo awesome!!!!  I eat here at least once a week. The staff is friendly and the environment is awesome. If you don't know what to get they always recommend something good. lately I've been getting the lamb Kabob.
5	This is the best middle eastern food I've ever had - the gluten free pita put it over the top.  I had the felafel pita and lemonade, and i kid you not, if there's food in heaven, this is it.  Fresh, simple, authentic, and the staff could not be nicer! I plan on being a regular here!!
5	Awesome food, great service! Best lemonade and Turkish coffee in Phoenix. The dessert is great too!
5	This place is great and it has been consistently great for many, many years. One of my favorite lunch spots in the uptown area!
5	I love this place!!!!!  Everything on the menu is awesome!  I used to travel to the Middle East for work, and this is authentic and delicious!  The owners are super nice, too :)  We usually get a mixed platter and always branch out and try a new dish.  We have never been let down!  The sweets are amazing, too :)  So glad we found the Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli!
5	We walked in just as they had finished a fresh batch of Gluten Free pita. We're not Gluten Free, but we like to try new things, and did I mention it had just been baked? It was AMAZING. Soft, pillow like clouds of deliciousness. We also got a small container of hummus, which was also very good. We split the falafel plate as well. The falafel plate was slightly small, but the falafels were some of the freshest I've had in Phoenix. The tabouli salad was also very fresh, and coincidentally gluten free. Then the owner gave us the rosewater(?) lemonade on the house! Seriously, it was like being at a friends house. I will be going back soon for more pita, hummus, and tabouli! Mmmmmm pita....
5	Went today for the first time with my daughter. This place is absolutely wonderful! The owners couldn't be nicer or more helpful and they went above and beyond in their service to both of us before, during and after our meal. The food is delightful and flavorful and very traditional and the fact that they offer GLUTEN FREE on most of their menu is outstanding. I picked this because of the other reviews and because my daughter eats mostly gluten free and I am also trying to cut wheat from my diet. I recommend this great homey place 100% but please don't expect fancy at all. It is a deli inside a wonderful little store and there is generous seating for such a small place but not tons. I had Shwarma sandwich and it was wonderful.
5	Best Gyro in Phoenix. Hands down.
5	i seriously love middle eastern bakery. i usually get take out but every time i've eaten in the service has been great- the owners take time to answer question about the food and you can tell they care about their customers. i usually get the vegetarian platter- their falafel is the best i've had since i moved to the southwest, the dolmades are good, and their tabouli is good and not too lemony.. i've also had the lebanese chicken, which is awesome, and the gyro, which was good but not amazing. definitely order the lemonade- it's rose water and excellent!!
5	Wonderful find, delicious food! These folks take pride in their work...it really shows in the food and service...simply superb!
5	I walked into the restaurant with high hopes and high expectations after reading the reviews posted here on Yelp and I was pleasantly satisfied. I hadn't had good Middle Eastern food since I moved here from NJ, I had a great coworker who every now and then would make me Moroccan meals and desserts. Now I know where to go to get my fix. They offer food for everyone who enjoys Middle eastern cuisine, from meat eaters to vegetarians, and even have gluten free options. I myself today asked the owner what he suggested and I decided to order that. He suggested the Lebanese Chicken that came with a Greek salad, rice and a pita.He also gave me some of their famous lemonade as well. Now this lemonade mind you was reviewed by New Times as the best lemonade in Phoenix. Now I know why, it's pleasantly sweet and refreshing, sweetened with rose water if my taste buds serve my memory right. My meal was delicious and filling in every aspect I wished it to fill.The Greek salad was salty and tangy just like it should be, now I'm not normally a Greek salad guy, as I'm not going to join an olive lover's guild but this Greek salad changed my opinion on olives.The salad contained pickled beets, tomatoes, red onions, lettuce, olives, cucumbers, and their dressing.  It was great, to put things short and sweet. The pita, was soft as a pillow but tasty, unlike a pillow, don't ask me how I know a pillow isn't tasty. The pita was warm, soft, delicious and I used it to clean my plate clean after I finished my meal to absorb what remaining flavors were left behind, just so I wouldn't waste them.The rice was wonderful, it had tons of flavor, and not overpowering. They gave a large amount of it as well, which for me, a big fan of rice, mad this meal even better. The rice contained peas mixed in and I think saffron.The chicken I had was delicious as well, it was chicken breast, in a lemon and herb spice, grilled. It wasn't too salty and the flavor wasn't overpowering. All of the items in the dish accompanied each other well.All of these items together as a meal were very fairly priced too. After AZ sales tax, my meal came to $9.83. I will definitely go again, this time to try a vegetarian option and I highly recommend you going as well.
5	I love, love this place! We had the great fortune of meeting Isam, the owner, and Tina. Isam introduced us to their lemonade made with rose water and honey. It was outstanding -- a unique wonderful flavor you can't forget. Their food is even better -- freshly made everything. Their falafel is excellent; the tahini sauce, thick and tasty (not like the watery stuff at other place); and their meet dishes grilled to perfection. To top it off, we enjoyed the freshest baklava I've had in a decade with a perfect cup of Turkish coffee (with a touch of cardamon). Authentic, fresh, unbeatable Middle Eastern food! Thank you, Isam!
4	I think overall this place has great Middle Eastern food. I didn't get to try all the platters I wanted but I was impressed with the main entrees. The Lebanese Chicken was delicious. Service was great too, as our questions were answered all the way through. I would like to come back to try some other dishes.
5	Delicious food, amazing customer service, and unique lemonade.  Love it!
5	Delightful experience - Appears to be family owned and operated. The woman who helped us was genuinely warm and smiley- her daughter was so sweet- heard me quietly tell my boyfriend I wanted baklava and she was all excited to get some for me. The food was great- and we were excited to have gluten free pita bread , gluten free tabbouli made with quinoa, babaganouj and lentils and rice. The market had an array of Lebanese and middle eastern goodies. The freezer had frozen homemade gluten free feta pies and other deliciousness. Also- that baklava was darn good. I am happiest when the food is great - home made - and the people running the restaurant are happy humans.
2	We ordered dolmas chicken gyro beef gyro and a combo plate. The meat looked and tasted cans and every item was the worst Arabic food I've had. Not sure why this place has 5 stars, $30 wasted
5	I LOVE this place! Everything is amazing, absolutely everything. The tabouli and baklava is the best I've ever had. Not to mention the lemonade and the wonderful owner. He is such a delight and a genuinely kind man. I love his free food and radiant smile. Excellent customer service and I come weekly.
4	Four stars for location but five stars for food and service.  This place doesn't look like much from the outside...or the inside.  I have probably driven by it a million times but never thought twice about eating here.  Finally I did! The food is delicious and the service very friendly, they are happy to explain the menu and offer recommendations.  They offer gluten free options, they even brought me some gluten free pita bread to enjoy with my meal and it was very tasty.  They have lots of spices and breads (gluten free also), desserts, international foods.  Most of the food they sell in the grocery section they make in store daily, so you know it's fresh.  This is a must try! Oh, and they also have THE best lemonade (seriously, they won an award for it) made with rosewater and honey, yum.  And try the Turkish coffee at the end of your meal, so tasty.
5	Beyond impressed with the owner's hospitality and kindness! This is a very casual place with a small store and deli. Everything tasted super fresh and they sell a lot of gluten free items in the deli and freezer section.My husband and I went here for dinner on our way (from Tucson) to a baseball game in Phoenix. I searched google for a restaurant with gluten free options and this place came up with very positive reviews.When we got there the owner greeted us warmly and I asked what he suggested and told him we haven't tried Middle Eastern food before. He told us the combo plate would be a good sample of lamb, Lebanese chicken, and beef. It came with a Greek salad and rice, but the owner also gave us a side of gluten free tabouli (free of charge!). Everything was great! Moist meats, perfectly cooked rice, and fresh salad (olives contain pits).We also ordered hummus with pitas. He gave us extra gluten free pitas (free of charge again!). The hummus was sooo good! A really nice light garlic flavor and the pitas were AMAZING. We couldn't get over how light and fluffy, slightly chewy the GF pitas were.The owner gave us free drinks. The lemonade is flippin awesome. If you go, you HAVE TO order it. Also free were Turkish coffees and samples of baklava and halva. The baklava is not GF, but they are working on a GF recipe for it. My husband felt bad about saying how unbelievable it was haha. I really liked the halva, it had great flavor and consistency. The shop was well stocked and had a lot of spices and good variety of items. When I asked the owner about if they sold the coffee we tried, he brought it over and asked if I wanted to learn to make it, he said he take me back to the kitchen and have them show me how! I WISH we had had more time to learn. He also gave us fresh, warm GF pita to buy instead of the frozen! We plan on going back soon.
4	I've eaten at some Middle Eastern type deli's and bakeries before and this one does not disappoint! Nestled in between Thomas and Osborn off 16th street, turn in the small parking lot with lots of painted colors on the store front windows. The store was fun to look around, definitely won't find these items at your local Fry's. I walked up to the counter to order and was greeted by a smiling man. I ordered a small hummus with wheat pita, the chicken gyro pita sandwich and a lemonade. I didn't feel like eating a huge plate of food for lunch..maybe next time? Seating is a little tight and not many tables for small parties. I was lucky to snag a small table near the dessert case and waited about 10 minutes for food to arrive. Hummus was good but obviously came right out of the fridge. Pita was good, just wished it would have been warmed up. The sandwich was also good and the yogurt sauce inside was amazing! Apparently you only get a side of it when you order a plate, not a sandwich...bummer! The hyped up lemonade is nice and sweet. As I was getting up to leave, the owner came up to me and asked if I'd like a refill on my drink. Of course! He knew exactly what I had too...very nice! I wish they had other desserts though, since I do not like baklava and that was the majority of what they had. However, I will definitely return!
5	Middle eastern food as it should be. Clean cozy atmosphere and fresh delicious food. The owner is a kind soul, very hospitable and personable.
5	The most wonderful and gracious host Mr.Isam has the best baklava and Turkish coffee.  Hands down THE BEST LEMONADE EVER MADE!!! The Fresh halavah is DELICIOUS!  We highly recommend this wonderful place!!!
4	This was my second time having middle eastern food, and the first time I was with my sister in law who lived in Lebanon for two years. So I was a little scared. The menu is very easy to read and understand. Most or all the ingredients are listed so you now exactly what your about to eat. My Mom and my brother went along with me and it was their first time ever eating it. We ordered the Lebanon chicken which comes with rice, and a Greek salad.  As well as the Kafta, Chicken skewers, falafel and I almost forgot the hummus.  Everything was delicious! . My husband wasn't able to make it so I brought home the mixed skewers and the Greek salad.  It was kind of busy in there so the service wasn't the fastest. It seemed like they were a little under staffed in front. It was only on lady trying to take orders fro over 20 people all at once. Until a little later I believed it was the owners that came up and they started to help. They were very friendly and offered refills on our drinks. t. I live all the way in Buckeye so the drive was definitely a long one, but it was absolutely worth it. I gave it four stars just because we did have to wait a very long time, everyone there kind of felt the same way.
5	Our very first visit and I couldn't be more pleased! Excellent food, very friendly owner and staff. I can't believe I've lived in this area for three years and have only just now discovered it. If you like middle eastern food don't miss this little gem. You won't be disappointed!
5	This place is amazing. First time here and I was very much impressed. I ordered the mixed kabob plate with Tabouli. Awesome! Chicken was well seasoned, cooked through, and still juicy. First time I've had Tabouli and I enjoyed it - fresh, crisp, and refreshing. The only thing I'd do without is the beef kabob. It was good, amazing spices, but a bit dry for my taste buds. Hummus is awesome, also. The owner is super nice and friendly. The lady who took my order gave me a sweet treat for being my first time there. Oh! And I've read the reviews about their lemonade. OMG! You should NOT leave without it. Sweet perfection with hints of honey and orange blossoms (I think). Great place. Definitely will be there again!
5	This is our first time here. Let me just say, this place is so inviting as soon as you walk in. It has a feel of a neighborhood spot, everyone seems to know everyone. The menu looks amazing. I wished my pockets were a little deeper because I really wanted to buy more than one dish. The older gentleman behind the counter heard that it was our first time in his shop and immediately told us that our lemonades were on him, he refused to let us pay for them. If you ever come in here, you mustn't leave without trying the lemonade. They put an amazing, fresh twist on a summertime classic. Food review will soon follow.
5	Wow, I've lived in Coronado for about 6 months already and I cannot believe this is my first visit!! The bakery had a warm and inviting ambiance and the owner Isam, is just delightful. My husband and I arrived 10 minutes prior to closing and Isam was so inviting to us. We placed our orders, mine the falafel plate and my husband ordered the Lebanese chicken plate. On top of this we ordered a large hummus plate. Hypothetically speaking if we could have ordered the entire menu we would have! Everything sounded amazing on the menu.Alas, the famous Lemonade, we just had to try, made with honey and rosewater. I told Isam that this was our first visit and I had to try his famous lemonade, and he lit up like a Christmas tree and said "this is your first time here?!? Lemonade on the house for the two of you." No way?! Ya way! The lemonade did not fail us, it was delicious!! So refreshing and the flavors worked lovely together!Now onto our food plates....the hummus plate was delicious! They put ground beef cooked in olive oil, garlic and onions and sprinkled it on too of the hummus and boy was it delicious with the pita bread!! My falafel plate was amazing, the falafel nice and crisp on the outside and cooked and moist in the middle, it tasted amazing with the pita, tabouli and hummus together! My husband kept on raving about the chicken and how tender and flavorful it was, I had some and he had to take the plate away from me before I devoured it all! Haha! We still had half of the hummus left and Isam came up to us and asked if we wanted an extra pita bread on the house to eat with the hummus! Uh, YAH! Not only was the food delicious this place exceeds in the customer service department, Isam was just a delight and to give us lemonade and pita on the house, this place just rightfully owned their 5 stars!!
5	Lived here for 6 months and just recently discovered this place.. a true gem. Hands down best deli/bakery in town! Agree with the other comments about the owner's generosity with the amazing lemonade. Have already gone twice in 3 days!!! Please do yourself a favor and check this place out!
5	Everything I've tried is amazing. The owner remembered me the 2nd time in. Super friendly and awesome lemonade with rose water. Def worth trying.
5	Came here for the first time for a quick dinner with family, and let me start off by saying everything was stupendous. I had the mixed plate with tabouli and a side of hummus. Chicken and beef had lots of flavor, and weren't dry. The pita bread was the best I've ever had, and the lemonade is a must. The owner brought us a free sample of falafel, which was sweet of him. My sister ordered the wrong item, and he offered to bring her something different. Instead, we weren't charged for it because he thought she didn't enjoy it much (though she actually did!) They're all friendly and want to please. I'm always on the lookout for great Middle Eastern food, and this place did not disappoint.
5	The shawerma pita is amazing. The meat is well-cooked and very flavorful and the pita itself is always soft and delicious but sturdy enough to hold everything together. Oh and the owner gave me an on-the-house lemonade while I waited. This alone would bring me back, plus the lemonade is probably the best I've ever had.
4	You don't go to a place called Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli for ambiance. You go because you've heard about that one item that people can't stop talking about. I'm here to review that one item: The Lemonade.As I walked up to the counter to place my order, I was greeted by an older gentleman I can only assume was the owner of this establishment. As soon as I told him I had heard good things about the lemonade, without even skipping a beat, he replied, "It's the best in Phoenix." I cordially laughed. He did not. With a very straight face he pointed to the wall behind him. There were about five plaques given out by various periodicals and city magazines going back eight years. All read "Best Lemonade in Phoenix".My chicken gyro was so-so. But you better believe I ordered about a gallon's worth of lemonade. And it definitely lived up to the hype. With hints of rosemary and mint, this lemonade stands alone.My suggestion: Go here in between meals. If you want some midday refreshment, it does not get any better than this lemonade.
4	There's so much to be said about the importance of a business owner's interaction with his/her customers. At this place, Isam the owner beams with pride, and greets every customer with a sincere hello. The employees are just as caring and polite.  The food was refreshing, and honest. I came in expecting nothing less. This man deserves every bit of his success .
5	Warning: this review is going to be positively glowing. If you're not in it for the long-haul, I understand. Try this place. Try the lemonade, try the turkish coffee, try the tabbouleh, try the falafel. If you don't mind a longer review read on: The owner, Isam,  couldn't have been more friendly, informative, generous or helpful. When he found out it was my first time at the restaurant he insisted that I try the lemonade, baklava and turkish coffee (I completely agreed) and then  *bam* he insisted that they were on the house. I was not expecting such a generous offer and I was more than happy to pay for these items myself, Isam's pride of ownership is genuinely impressive. He seems to run his business from an old-school model based on integrity, a little showmanship, and a product that truly sells itself.  I proceeded to order, Lebanese chicken and grape leaves and wait for my food. They brought my lemonade, and to be honest, I really had no idea what could have possibly been so wonderful about lemonade that I would just HAVE to try it. Well, I have three simple answers rose water, orange blossom, and honey. They don't put any sugar in their lemonade, it has this beautiful delicate floral taste, anchored by a richness from the honey. You will love it. The lebanese chicken and grape leaves were ahhmazing. The tabbouleh is incredible and balanced to perfection. Not too much of this, or that...just right. The owner tells me that they go through about five batches per day. I believed him. Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli was so delicious, I began snapping pictures of my food and plotting my yelp review while still in the restaurant. I began bragging via text to all of my foodie friends. I took a to-go order for friends I was meeting up with later, it seemed like a nice gesture, but really I just wanted to have an excuse to try more of their delicious fare. Per Isam's insistence, he brought a piece of baklava and turkish coffee. The baklava was delicious. The shining star was the turkish coffee. My god. Best. Coffee. Ever. Seriously. If nothing else, go here and order lemonade and turkish coffee. You will be thrilled. If I don't eat at this place at least once a week as long as I live in Phoenix I'm going to be disappointed. I can't wait to go back. Upon leaving the restaurant I noticed a new gyro place had opened two doors down. I actually felt sorry for them, their business is probably going to tank by proxy.
5	I like Middle Eastern food. A lot.  We came here because of the high ratings on Yelp.My dad ordered us the vegetarian plate, a schwarma/chicken plate with hummus, tabbouleh and baba ganesh.  All of it was delish!The lemonade was incredible and I loved it.  You must order it when you go here!We also got Turkish coffee and baklava.  The coffee was in tiny cups and very STRONG.  My mom loved the baklava as it was very fresh and very flaky.This is a very different experience from most restaurants.  It was nice to sit and chat rather than be rushed with our meal and leave.  Clearly, those who were eating there that day were used to this very relaxed way of eating.The owner was very nice and came over to our table to talk with us.  We learned he was from a close suburb to us, so we had a fun time talking about "home."The woman who made our food also came out to clear our plates.  We expressed our thanks to her for making such a great meal and she was very humble and sweet.Go here!  You'll love it!
5	I am often way too lazy to write a review but this place is so amazing that I must do it.  After reading on Yelp! about all the goodness of this place, I gave it a try. I love middle eastern food and grew up in NY where we have very good middle eastern food.  I was greeted very warmly by the owner, Isam.  I told him I heard about their famous lemonade so I will have that and something else he would recommend.  He gave me a sweet smile and told me that the lemonade is on the house as it is my first time.  (how nice!)  I ordered to go the Lebanese chicken (one breast split in halves, rice, tabouli, and one large fluffy, pillowy pita made fresh) and the falafel (smaller than I'm used to but very tasty) that came with tahini sauce that is very very good.  I finished my drink before the food came and he gave me a free refill! I wanted to get a lemonade for my coworker to go, and he gave me that for free too! He was very easy to speak with.  I hate going to places where the food is great but the owner makes you feel like you should beg (think Seinfeld and the soup nazi).  But this guy was very nice.  There was a lady behind me who went for the first time yesterday, and came back today with her friend.  The owner immediately recognized her and apologized to her for something.  It turned out that there was a guy (I think from the store next door) that was bothering her as she walked in yesterday.  She told the owner about it. The owner (after she left) spoke to the guy and he apologized to her for what he did yesterday.  The owner also apologized for the guy's behavior.  What a man!My food was really really good.  And when he packed my food in the bag, he gave me two big slices of bahkalava on the house (again)!!I am definitely coming back and bringing more people.
3	3.5Decent middle eastern food, had the chicken kabob plate, not a ton of flavor but not bad, would give it another chance.
4	Stop. Hummus time. That's right. This grocery story slash eatery is a perfect for for all your Mediterranean needs. If you're looking for items to purchase and take on the go, they have everything imaginable, hummus, pitas, meats, canned goods... Just about everything! However you can also dine in an order some of their delicious homemade food. I enjoyed the chicken kabobs accompanied with hummus and a greek salad. The meal was filling and fabulous. The hummus had a lot of flavor and the chicken was perfectly seasoned. I will definitely be returning to enjoy more and take some goodies for the road.
5	literally behind our house, we are lucky to have such an amazing little shop so close. whether its for the lemonade, the gyros, spices and pitas for home or the freezer section with dips/ sauces, everyone should stop in here at least once. this was the first meal i had in my neighborhood when we moved in 5 years ago, before we were even fully unpacked- and we have been coming ever since. the owners are fantastic and if you are the type of person who is worried you wont know the menu, they will talk to you about anything (unless its super busy, of course)my only possible complaint is that they aren't open all day, every day :) sometimes you need that pita at midnight, yknow? hey, cant blame em, they have to sleep sometime
5	Amazing!  I'm here for a few short weeks from NY and I was recommended this place by a guy i met at an antique shop.  Superb!!  Everything fresh and delicious.
4	For lunch, snack or grocery it works. I have a pita breads and humus for $6 to take to my office and skip lunch.
5	Great food! Not greasy. Pita bread and hummus are my favorite. Falafels are never dry, unlike most places. And the staff is always friendly.
5	One of my fav places.  So friendly and a real nice atmosphere!  Great food as well.
5	Happened upon this place with a friend and we stopped in with hungry bellies. Yum! We had mixed kabob and a beef dish and 2 lemonades... Delicious! We will definitely be back again.
3	Maybe I'm a little spoiled because I lived in other major cites in the US with a larger Middle Eastern population and cultural influence (Houston, Chicago), but I found this place good...not great. The service is friendly, but the food took 20 minutes to receive... I know, good food takes time...but not really worth the wait. I had the Chicken and Lamb plate; the lamb was good, not great- the chicken was spiced well but DRY- but not too dry that I needed to return it. I also had the Hummus- it was just Hummus, nothing distinctive or outstanding about it, The rice was bland and a little dry- needs a little more dill in my taste The Tzatziki was clearly homemade since it was a bit watery- also needs more dill and not just a cucumber and watery yogurt with little lemon juice combination. The Tabbouleh was fresh and "clean," I only wish the portion was larger since that was  the winner of the plate. The Baklava was very clean and crisp- she does an excellent job with the filo dough and its sweet enough for me without being overpowering. The grocery portion of the store is lacking in variety and mostly dusty from a clear lack of any outside employees with only a huband/wife team and children on the weekends labor force is just not enough to bring this place to what the potential could be. I might try it one more time for the Gyros.
5	Gluten-Free! Yes that is right, they have GF pitas and meat pies and spinach pies and tabouli. They are all delicious. What is great is that the pitas fresh are just as good as non-GF - so unlike most GF breads you don't have to toast them for them to be tolerable.  They also have this very thin round bread thing that we have started using at home to make a pizza roll-up. You can buy all the GF stuff (minus the tabouli) and freeze it safely with out damaging the quality. You just use a toaster or a toaster oven for a new seconds to thaw.These folks are kind and their food is lovely.
5	I really enjoyed this place. I ordered the combo platter which consisted of roasted beef, lamb and chicken skewers, on a bed of rice. The lamb was my favorite. I recommend the lemonade! You can really pick up on the orange water that it's made with. For dessert we tried the baklava which was superb! Next time We will try it with their Turkish coffee. The nice owner or manager tried to get us some before we left but we were in a hurry. We will be back that's for sure.
5	Fantastic authentic middle eastern food. Try the whole wheat Pita bread. I had the lamb kebab with tabouli. Delicious! Try the lemonade as well. I would highly recommend this place to my friends and family.
4	I tried their chicken schwarma. The price was right ($5.99), and it tasted good. I like the atmosphere too. It has an authentic Middle-Eastern look and feel, grocery store and all. I wasn't blown away by the customer service. Maybe I caught him on an off day, I don't know, but the schwarma did take a little longer than expected to prepare. I'll definitely give this place another go sometime though.
5	I absolutely love the food at this restaurant. I work a couple blocks away and my coworkers and I get this at least once a week. I always order the Lebanese chicken and sometimes order a side of falafel. They are both amazing! The salad dressing for the greek salad is so good, the rice is unlike any other rice I've tasted and the Lebanese chicken is seasoned perfectly. The lemonade is also the best lemonade I've ever had and definitely doesn't taste like most lemonade. If you're in the area, definitely stop by and check this place out! It is an amazing local restaurant, store and bakery!
5	Excellent place to eat!  We were treated with such kindness on our visit! The wonder gave us a  coffee and baklava to eat after our meal.  I ate their combo plate as I couldn't decide what to have as it all looked delectable!They make their pita's HOMEMADE along with the hummus!  Don't MISS OUT on passing by this deli!!!Also a MUST try is the lemonade!!!  Why???  It is sweetened with honey and rose water!
5	The schwarma is delicious, it's almost as good as what I had when I lived in the Middle East, and the hot sauce is very flavorful, without being so hot that it's inedible. I always take home a package of their fresh pita, which is better than any I've had locally, and their baba ganoush. They also have an excellent, if small, selection of fresh, frozen and packaged foods; I usually buy the labne.
5	First time here today. Tuna sandwich awesome with really good pickles on the side, Lebanon chicken is hands down amazing! Will be back tomprrow. Very friendly staff as well.
4	THE QUICK & DIRTY:- 7-8 assorted tables for inside eating- counter ordering, then you get a #- moderately priced- fresh baked pita & pastries- very nice people- cool little market- very tasty foodTHE LONG & NASTY:Across the street is Rips, a local dive spot for cheap drinks, free popcorn and even freer love, if you know what I mean. Rips also has a weirdly low-extending roof that makes me wish I were 12 and had my bike with me. When you see it, you'll know what I mean. Anyway... I've jaeger-bombed it up at Rips... several times (okay, too many times), but until today, I'd never crossed the street to the Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli. As I sit here now by the large picture window, with my sticky, baklava fingers getting all over my new-ish iPad, I reckon I dun fucked up. This place is cool. And by cool, I mean good. And by good, I mean tasty & fairly priced. - Had the Shawerma (described by them as "marinated beef cooked & served with our own garlic dressing or tahini sauce"). For $6.99, I felt the size was appropriate and the flavors were fresh, crisp and intentional. It didn't blow away my taste buds... but certainly satisfied me. The highlight was the fluffy ass pita that had been split open to hold the sandwich contents. Baked on premise, the bread was less of a chewing debacle and more of an eating occasion. Some like to gnaw. Go to Pita Jungle. Others like to eat. They'll like this place. - Had a large Iced Tea. Another fuck-up of mine today. Shoulda had the lemonade, which apparently now are $1 per refill (still a way better deal than a free snow shovel in Africa). Tried some lemonade. BAM!! Now that stuff is deeeeelicious. Yes, with all 5 Es. Spend the loot. Accept that there's sugar. Do a little extra Crossfit or whatever you need to do to offset. P90-X?? Then have a really good life. - Turkish coffee & baklava was excellent: sweeter than Martha Stewart after she'd been indicted for insider trading and flakier than my old roommate, Tim Tidwell, who I'm pretty sure stole my bike. No joke. - They've got a decent sized grocery area with local (to the Middle East/Greece, etc.) olive oils, olives, grains, condiments and various frozen breads & meats. There are also many spices, teas and coffee. It's kinda like a smaller version of Baez Market. If you haven't heard of Baez, check out my review. They're only minutes away.- Very nice people. Very! The owner's brother was filling in while he's recovering from knee surgery and we chatted about Turkey and Iran. Everyone here was warm & welcoming... I call it the anti-Mrs. White's establishment. If you don't know about Mrs. White's, it's an over-priced downtown Phx fried chicken & soul food spot. The son, Larry White, (aka "Lolo") opened his more famous version known as Lolo's Fried Chicken & Waffles. At Lolo's people are normal & chill. At Mrs. White's it's like being made to feel guilty as you cough up $17 (after tip) for a sloppy plate of chicken and veg, delivered to you by a grumpy employee, with no check-backs or even a tiny smile. It's insane. If you're a masochist... go take a date there... stat!- In summary: Try Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli. It may not change your world, but it will certainly keep you smiling... which is a good thing :)
5	Nothing I could say in this review could possibly convey the amazing experience that we had here at Middle Eastern Bakery & Deli.  This was THE BEST place at which I have eaten in all my visits to Phoenix (off and on annually over the last 10 years) and I will be back (multiple times) every time I visit from now on.Why is it that the taste of the food is so often inversely proportionate to the fanciness of the restaurant, at least when it comes to ethnic restaurants?  The fancier the decor in an ethnic restaurant, the blander the food.Stated differently, what is it about the mystical siren's call of the hole in the wall ethnic restaurant?  Does the chef assume that because his food is head and shoulders above the rest that he needn't waste money on decorations?  Or is it simply that the mom & pop chef with his traditional recipes handed down from generation to generation will never be matched by the cookie cutter american culinary school education?This restaurant is very unassumedly named The Middle Eastern Bakery and Deli, though it is also a restaurant and grocery store.  It doesn't look like much from the outside, nor the inside, and would probably fly under most people's radar if it was not for word of mouth passed through Yelp.  Can you see the diamond lurking under the layer of carbon?  I sure can.The proprietor, Isam (yes, we're on a first name basis now and you will be, too, by the end of your first visit), is quite a character guaranteed to put a smile on the face of even the WORST sourpuss.  Before our first visit we called him by phone to make sure the restaurant would be open when we arrived and he was friendly and welcoming.  When we finally arrived he welcomed us like old friends.  I ordered the grilled combo and my coworker ordered the Lebanese Chicken.  Both plates came with a choice of Greek Salad of Tabbouli with a fresh warm pita and rice.  I wasn't sure which to choose, so Isam guided me gently toward the Tabbouli which he makes FRESH 5 TIMES EVERY DAY.  Yes, you can tell this man is incredibly gifted in the making of Tabbouli, which is a thing of beauty, colorfully decorated with red and green pepper rings, white couscous, tangy red tomato, crisp white onions, and ruby toned sliced beets over dark greens.  It is beautiful, but tastes even better.  I ordered a diet soda in spite of the prominently displayed Yelp tip recommending the lemonade ("Your life will change as you discover the super powers you've acquired from the lemonade.") as I'm not usually a big lemonade fan.  My coworker ordered the lemonade and I ordered the birds nest baklava with glistening green pistachio pieces covering the top to eat while I waited for the food to arrive.My coworker took one sip of the lemonade, which is made with honey and rose water - SHEER GENIUS - and couldn't stop talking about how amazing it was.  I traded him half of my baklava for a taste and couldn't BELIEVE how amazing it was - TRULY LIFE CHANGING.  Isam brought me a large cup of this elixir of the gods and made my entire day.When our meals came I was thrilled with my perfectly seasoned kebabs with three kinds of meat -  chicken, lamb, and spiced ground beef, all of them cooked perfectly and all of them delicious.  The rice was not basmati, more like a pilaf, but was incredibly flavorful.  Alex said his Lebanese Chicken was amazing, but refused to share any with me.The owner brought us over a complimentary Turkish coffee, a lemonade, and a pistachio baklava - all amazing!!!  Isam also gave us a lesson in appreciating coffee.  He taught us how to sip it and about his secret ingredient (cardamom).  He grinds his own cardamom fresh from the seeds, which cost $100 per pound and I guarantee you are totally worth the expense.  He showed us both the seeds and the ground versions and let us smell them, pure heaven on Earth.  Isam says that the cardamom works on your nervous system to relax you;  I certainly felt relaxed when I left, but I think some of that might have to do with the owner's charm rather than the coffee.  When we left, we stopped up at the counter to say goodbye to our host, because it just felt more like a family visit than a restaurant visit.  You can just walk out of a restaurant, but you don't walk out on family without saying goodbye.I made a return visit several days later and not only did Isam remember me, but he came out from behind the counter to give me a hug and asked where my friend was (I had just dropped my coworker off at the airport).  I ordered the Lebanese Chicken and one of his heavenly lemonades.  Isam once again brought me a Turkish Coffee (this stuff is addicting) and a baklava to enjoy with it.  I enjoyed my second visit as much as my first; Isam gave me a menu and invited me to come back again during my visit.  He even gave me his phone number and told me to call if I needed anything.  I will definitely be back!! Relaxes you, works on your nervous syst
5	So, so good! My husband and I went with friends a few nights ago and everyone loved their food. I had the Shish and lamb kabob. My husband and I were blown away that they not only had gluten free pita bread, but had a lot more gluten free options AND stuff in the freezer we could take home!We'll be back. Often.
1	Place has gone down since the owner isn't really around employees are just sitting and laughing and don't care about workers found a hair in my food very nasty cashier really didn't care!!!
4	When I walked into the place, I was really happy about everything even I have no idea what kind of food they have. This place have part store and part of food place and also have neckless. I was asking the lady what should I order and she told me I should order something call kadba, I don't know I spell it right or not but it actually taste really good. Only one thing I don't like is the price. I wasn't expect it will cost me that much with lunch with drink. Anyway, if I making ok money and work around there, I will go there a lot.
5	What can I say, the food is just delicious. The lemonade is something I actually have cravings for. It's nice to see so many people in this mom and pop restaurant. We will be returning on a regular basis.
5	Went to this place for lunch. So yummy food. The place is really small, but great food, (fresh) , great service, and the best part, their LEMONADE.Made out of rose water, ginger, honey. Must have drink when you go there.
5	Oh. My. Word. It's been a few years since I left the Middle East,  but it's a little slice of local in here. The chicken is indescribably amazing!  So is the shawarma and the hummus....which isn't the canned stuff. So rude, I didn't even ask her name... but the lady who helped us was super sweet. So was the bakalawa. :) I'll definitely be going back! Super glad I work down the street!
5	Love it. First time here, and I love the initial experience. My appetite wasn't the largest so I just had a gyros sandwich, but what I was served was the best gyros I've eaten in my years in Arizona (not an exaggeration).Friendly staff and a nice, store-like atmosphere. Definitely check it out for lunch!
5	I came across this wonderful jewel by a complet accident.  I was getting my car battery charged and just decided to walk over and get a bite to eat.  The owner help me pick a meal as I have never eaten middle eastern before and I must say . Best food I have had (sorry mom)
5	What a cool little store and deli. They have lots of really interesting imported foods like a spread made out of Halwah that is a great alternative to Nutella (not that I would ever give up Nutella). The best part is that they have really good gluten free pita bread. Really, really good. Almost indistinguishable from the regular kind. They have meat pies made with the gluten free bread as well as other items, all frozen and very reasonably priced. They can make any of their sandwiches such as falafel and gyros with the gluten free pita. So thrilled!! The lemonade is justifiably well known. It's very interesting with hints of rose water, orange blossom and honey. I'm just so glad that someone has found a way to make pita bread gluten free and palatable.  Very nice and helpful staff as well.
5	Food is always perfect. I'm Palestinian, so trust me, the food is top notch and authentic. Don't rely on people who are used to Americanized versions of Middle Eastern food. I had to laugh at a couple of the posts below. Bottom line--it's outstanding and worth our hour long drive every time.
5	Whoohoo!  The yelpers got it right!!!!!!!  Delish to everything! This rice should come live with me. The gyros are my heros. Oh and try some before you buy some pita bread and pita chips. I'm hiding the cinnamon pita chips from my sister as we speak. Lemonade is made with real wild honey and these are not small cups. I'm full trying to make it through this review before I nap on the table.
4	This place was very good with excellent food and service.  The owner himself checked on us and he was very nice.  We would highly recommend.
4	The store is neat, the food was yummy, and the service was good.  The only down side was another patron that had no idea how to act like a decent person.Would recommend :)
5	YUM! What more can be said!? Need to come here more often! Lunch is a great portion, but by far the pitas are my absolute favorite.
5	For this person it was a top dining experience.  I want to be removed from some aspects of life but keep other senses. While I was ordering at the counter, at 12:30 PM a family came in and there was a happy reunion. People being more than just process ASAP is a statement. The help, recognition, as a person and friendliness can be as important as other factors. A meal can be many things, a good or a cold microcosm of life. I enjoyed all the odors, the music and a wide mix of customers. This is a unique small restaurant and market. It has some things others have and some that will not be seen elsewhere. I think I was speaking with the pleasant and unassuming owner. He inquired if it was my first visit. Not because it is a small but busy business, but because he actually sees people!The spinach pies where the best I have had. I had Tabouli with my Ouzi plate. FANTASTIC Tabouli. The rice was very good and the stuffed pastry was terrific. I thought lemonade at another restaurant was the absolute best. This was as good and probaly better. I am crazy over both, which are totally different in taste. The Burma pastry and Arabic coffee were a wonderful ending!! In a cordial situation I like to say thank you. The owner? advised that people drive considerable distances for the Lemonade. Could it be food aid? I told the gentleman I wondered if he might have mistaken me for a somebody? That I am a nobody. His response was every customer is high value. (My words) The menu has many temptations, even now drawing me back. I also want to take time to look at the many cookbooks, souvenirs and other items. There is an additional aspect that I think is very important. Go into places that are not that good and they are rearranging and remodeling. This place is clean but simple and not fancy. The floor looks worn. GOOD! Perhaps the money goes into offering wonderful food at reasonal prices? Maybe into good ingrediant? It is nothing more than my foolish guess but I think into the right places along with a kind word and smile.
4	This is a nice market and deli. I went for lunch and ordered the shawarma plate. I opted for the tabouli instead of the Greek salad, & I am happy I did. The lunch alone rated the 4 stars, but if you only go in there for the lemonade you are doing yourself a favor. Honey is used to sweeten the lemonade. The honey flavor meets the lemon with just the right balance. Delicious.
