5	Finally a decent place opens in the otherwise cursed location.  The food is fresh and delicious.  The cuisine is Japanese with an emphasis on rice bowls with an average meal at about $8.00.  The chicken bowls are delicious, especially with all white meat.The style is fast food, but the preparation and delivery are first rate and orders are made to order.  The teriyaki is prepared by the facility; not that sweat molasses crap you find elsewhere at comparable chain restaurants.Family owned and operated.  A great dining experience.
5	when i first saw this place I was hesitant to try it. I am glad I did! Its fast food but it taste's better than any chinese place around here. The meat is grilled and taste's amazing. Everything about this place is fresh and quality ingredients. Im glad I found this place I will be back.
3	Come on folks, this place can't earn five stars. This is in the neighborhood, so I eat here regularly. It's three stars, at best, and  serves fast Asian food at the quality of a mall food court counter.
4	I have eaten here several times.  I have only had the chicken bowls.  I get the brown rice version.  The food is very carefully prepared.  The sauces are home made and the people are extremely friendly.  The place is very clean.  I think with tax a chicken bowl is just over $5.00.
4	Great fresh food Great people Great price... support your local businesses!!!
4	A friend of ours recommended Luu's to us a few months back.  We were sold after our first visit and been back several satisfying times.  I usually get the pork bowl.  The meat is very tender and the vegetables are ALWAYS fresh and perfectly cooked.  The various sauces are a perfect compliment.  They have a super tasty hot sauce that Jeannie and I really like.  Jeannie usually gets the chicken bowl ( my kids have had them too and they devoured it!) or a salad ( the salad is just a salad, but it like everything is prepared well and always fresh) and she has never been disappointed with her meals. Like Mark G. said, the preparation and delivery are always solid and they show a true interest in customer satisfaction.I always order a egg roll. Ordering an egg roll at most Asian "fast food" places is always a let down for me. They always seem to be on the extremely greasy side or heat lamp dehydrated,  and usually packed with ancient overcooked  fixings. However, the ones at Luu's are always super flaky, and filled with fresh and tasty fillings.  We were talked into some crab puffs on our last visit.  Not sure I would give up my egg roll for them, but they were very good.  I think the order came with six little golden purses of sweet crab filling.  We had to fight over them because everyone in this family of four wanted seconds!  I figured I had enough fried food in the form of my treasured egg roll and I wasn't about to share that bad boy.Have to expand our menu selections.  But the bowls are hard to beat since they come in at around $5.
5	Really good inexpensive food and friendly owners!  I come here at least once a week.  Their hot sauce goes great with their chicken egg rolls!
4	This place is pretty good. Even though it is a fast food place, it doesn't taste like it. I couldn't believe how tender their steak was, and their miso soup was delicious. Everything is reasonably priced too. I will definitely be back!
5	Pork bowl, chicken bowl, crab puffs. Absolutely delicious! Quality ingredients, super fresh and tasty side sauces. Honestly I have never had drive through Japanese this good. The owners are awesome and tonight they are staying open late to accommodate my order.Fast, friendly and fresh. It doesn't get much better at this price and convenience.
5	We just moved into the area and found this place driving around. It is indeed the best quick Japanese bowls we've ever had. You can tell that they don't get the sauces out of a can like most places. The chicken was quite well done, seared and juicy at the same time. I'd also add that the vegetables were about as perfectly cooked as I've ever had--each one seemed separately steamed to ensure it all came out the right way. Aside from that, I don't believe I've ever had a crab puff that actually tasted of crab at all at comparatively priced places. We will definitely be going back; I can't wait until my mom comes up to visit because I've got a delight for her.
5	BEST Japanese food in the valley!! hands down you will not be disappointed they have the best tasting sesame chicken & original sauce I've ever had.  This is a quaint place with friendly service, eat in or drive thru.  The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is comfortable and clean and to top it off the prices are the most reasonable in town too!!  Must try dishes; tempura shrimp, teriyaki chicken and sesame chicken.  This place ROCKS!!!
4	What a great discovery!  Luu's Chicken Bowl is a current favorite for our family.  We had driven by the location several times without even noticing it was there, but I could not be more happy we stumbled across it. For those of you who don't like to read a page long review, here are some of the things I love most about Luu's....Homemade, amazingly delicious saucesFresh, high quality ingredientsFast, friendly serviceGreat prices and generous servingsThey have a drive through These guys know how to pack a to-go sack!...and last but not least.......the CRAB WONTONS!Oh, you want to know more?  Well, let me elaborate a bit :)Upon entering Luu's, I always know I will be greeted by a smiling friendly face and an immaculately clean dining area.  There is a white board near the register listing the daily specials (try the teriyaki chicken and yakisoba) and a small counter housing homemade condiments, plastic utensils and a soda fountain.  After I place my order, I always hear a fresh batch of wontons get dropped in the fryer as they prepare our chicken bowls.  After just a few minutes, my order is on the counter perfectly parceled with everything I could need; extra teriyaki sauce, hot sauce, sweet and sour, and if we get a ginger chicken bowl (another must try item) there is also extra ginger sauce.  There are napkins and utensils included in the bag, as well.If you decide to go through the drive through, keep in mind that they fry the wontons and egg rolls to order so there will be a few minutes of waiting at the window if you order these items.The crab wontons are the crabbiest I have had.  Ever. They are delish with a double dip into the sweet and sour and then the hot sauce.  Trust me, it will be the best $2.59 +tax you have spent in a long time**For a nominal fee you can substitute white meat chicken and/or brown rice, both of which I highly recommend
4	A nice inexpensive neighborhood place for a rice bowl.  We tried the ginger chicken and teriyaki chicken bowls - both were quite good and the sauce was provided generously.  We also ordered the crab puffs which were also tastey.Don't be turned away by the appearance of the building, we were happy we gave it a try.
5	Love this place. The $5 chicken bowl is a must. Fast food that is good for you....who knew! :-)
5	"Never judge a book by its cover". This is one of those small gems that people might not give a 2nd look. It's a free standing building that has had its share of restaurant tenants. If a buddy hadn't told me about Luu's, I might never have spotted it. The food is cooked fresh, and it is GOOD! Chicken and beef dishes are my favorites. Very casual, fast food ambiance, but definitely dine-in restaurant quality. Tam and Christy are very friendly. There is a convenient drive-thru, also. CHECK IT OUT!
4	So glad to find a place like this near my friends house in North Phoenix.  Sesame Chicken was great along with sauce and rice.  We got two special Chicken egg rolls, close to the best I've had and only .99.  Huge, where I'm from N CA they would be $1.50 or $1.75.  The chicken was only $7, and lots of white meat chicken!!  I agree with many people, would have not tried based on a drive by, however the Yelp reviews made me take notice.  Will try his place next time I'm in Manteca visiting the in-laws.
4	Fast friendly service, good chicken bowls and you get a lot for your $$$
5	Not what you'd think from a hole-in-the-wall place. Great food, awesome customer service, amazing prices. Luu's stands out in a fast food environment with loads of competition who seemingly care only about your money. I've had several dishes here and they're always fast, fresh and delicious. I've been reluctant to give any restaurant 5 stars before, but Luu's is worthy of the rating. Great eats. Recommend the yakisoba with teriyaki chicken, or the teriyaki chicken bowl (served with sweet jasmine rice!)
5	Great authentic Japanese fast food at great prices. Fast friendly service. I got the chicken teriyaki and yakisoba. It was very tasty at a great price and they give a good portion. I would definitely recommend going here if you want authentic cheap Japanese food.
4	I came here after finding it on yelp. Their food is very fresh, with the chicken carefully laid across the vegetables and rice with sauce on top. The presentation is really lovely for a fast food-ish place. In addition, the staff was super friendly. I told them it was my first time dining there, and they advised me to order the ginger chicken bowl, which I loved. I also ordered the crab puffs, after seeing so many positive reviews.The crab puffs were not all cream cheese like at other places, they were filled with crab and had some green onions, too. Be careful if you order these- they make them fresh for each order and they are HOT when they first come out! I dipped them in both the sweet and sour and the hot sauce that can be found at the sauce bar. I wish I had gotten brown rice, but now I know for next time.I recommend this place if you are looking for a quick, cheap, asian fix in the area.
2	Chickens ok.  Their beef sucks.  Haven't tried the pork.  If It wasn't for the hot sauce I'd of not finished my food.  Don't know how or why this place is rated so high.  You've let me down fellow yelpers
5	not much to look at but wow great food at reasonable prices. the Yakisoba noodles were to die for. nice people too. will go back again and again.
4	Great food! The price is right for a chicken bowl, just under $5 and for just under $6, you can get a combo with pork, chicken or beef. I recently ordered food for 6 people and it could have fed 8-10. Oh, and the crab puffs?? Really, really good and only $2.50 for a bag of 6. I would recommend this for take-out. The inside of the restaurant is kind of what you'd expect (tacky and hole-in-the-wallish).
5	Service, service, service!!! They always win us over with their smiles and positive attitude!!! The lady at the register and drive through is super nice and consistently friendly!!Plus, I am a super fan of the Special Chicken Roll and traditional teriyaky!!! :)
3	Went in the drive thru at Luu's tonight for the first time.  I ordered the chicken teriyaki with yakisoba and a chicken spring roll.  The spring roll was FAT, and good.  The dipping sauce was just one-note sweet, which was fine.  The yakisoba was insane.  Great texture and flavor, enjoyed the veggies in it.  The chicken teriyaki was kind of a different story.  Despite it being dark meat, it was pretty dry.  The teriyaki sauce was savory, with no sweetness to it at all.  I was kind of surprised since it seems so many people order it from the reviews.  I will try the pork next time, as that seems to be another favorite, or maybe the sesame chicken.  But I am not giving up on Luu's!
4	I came back to Luu's to try it again - this time I got the pork bowl, and hallelujah, this was the right decision!  The pork is like a bbq asian pork that is sliced thinly and piled high - it was succulent, juicy, and delicious.  Now I know what to get! I also tried the crab puffs since other users have raved about them, and they were very good - it was like a warm crab salad inside a fried wonton.  And 6 for $2.50?  That's pretty much a steal.  Try them!
5	For fast food, it doesn't get any better than this!  My favorite is the ginger chicken bowl with white meat and brown rice.  I've been coming here for months and can't get enough.  The sauces are homemade and amazing... the service is top notch... the restaurant is clean... and everything is cooked fresh to order.  If you're looking for great food on an ordinary day, Luu's Chicken Bowl is your best bet.
5	I love this place. The prices are more than fair and the food is excellent for fast food. It is true, the woman who works the drive thru is extremely nice and friendly and she's always smiling. I like going here often. I'm never disappointed.
5	My all time favorite Phoenix fast food restaurant. I have been coming here for almost 3 years and they have consistently good food, and excellent customer service. Christy, the gal at the drive through window, is the nicest, most friendly person I have encountered at a restaurant here in Phoenix. I usually order the ginger chicken bowl with no rice and extra veggies. All the veggies are fresh, never frozen (you can see the whole carrots and fresh broccoli and cabbage from the window), and they are steamed to crunchy perfection. The ginger sauce is great, the portions are HUGE, and the prices are terrific. The crab puffs are full of crab (I find it strange at other restaurants crab puffs are on the menu, but don't actually have any crab in them), and are an excellent price at 6/$2.50. The spicy chicken wings and chicken satay are also delicious.Luu's Chicken bowl has great food, great prices, and the best customer service in Phoenix!
4	Good Bowl
5	I love Luu's!Think of it as an authentic yokohama rice bowl. The ingredients are really fresh, and the price is beyond reasonable. The service is always quick and friendly. Oh and they don't skimp on the portion size or sauce, like some other places. Go try it!!!
5	Easily the best bang for your buck in north phoenix as far as fast food goes. Beef is good, so is the pork. However, I recommend the chicken teriyaki bowl as one of the best lunches through a drive thru you will ever have, not to mention one of the most greaseless. Egg rolls are crispy, not soft. That's a plus for me. I've noticed in many reviews for Asian places, that cabbage isn't normal/acceptable. I disagree, but they do use cabbage. I've never asked them to hold it, but i can't imagine if you did, they would decline.Speaking of which, they're nice there too, friendly, but don't talk your ear off.12/30/14...They're closed! No! Hopefully they cone back!
5	Excellent, cheap and friendly!!!!I love this place.Have been going here for a few years.  Not much to look at, but clean, delicious and amazingly cheap! I have had many of the dishes and they are all great. They don't drench the food in sauce. There are warmers at the condiment area that have sauces. The egg rolls are large and crispy. They have pickled ginger at the condiment counter ( I could eat it by the bucket- full!). If you get food to go, they put the sauce in a container so the food does not get soggy and you can have as much or as little sauce as you desire. The veges are freshly cooked and still have texture. Everything seems to be freshly prepared. Delicious!!!
5	Great Service, Freshly cooked tasty food without MSG! Don't let the building scare you away! The cooks got heart for good food!
1	My husband picked up a teriyaki bowl from here last weekend and said the beef tasted strange while he was eating it. Several hours later he definitely had food poisoning.
4	I've eaten here twice, and though others have raved about this place, I don't see it as anything outstanding.  The service is definitely great - they are family owned and super friendly.  The food is fresh and the crab puffs definitely are tasty.  The first time we came, I ordered the chicken teriyaki bowl - it came with some veggies and rice.  Though it was hot and fresh, the taste wasn't amazing - but it was good. The 2nd time I ordered the BBQ pork - I thought it'd be more like "char siu" but it wasn't - it was just drizzled with teriyaki sauce.  The meat was plentiful of course.  I will keep coming here since our house is nearby when I have those bowl cravings.
5	I love this place. Family owned and operated, they work their butts off providing 100% consistent, quality food at a great price. I usually get the #1, a chicken bowl and I add a chicken egg roll. All taste great and for less than $6. The chicken bowl comes with fresh grilled chicken with rice, cabbage, carrots, and broccoli smothered but not drowned in their fabulous teriyaki sauce. The egg roll is fresh, hot and crunchy. I love them!
5	Crazy cheap and delicious food--the hot chicken wings are perfectly cooked and crispy. It's also local and family-run!
5	First timer today and WOW!! I am happy I tried it. I had the number 7 w/hot sauce on the side (don't forget that sauce)! Chicken breast plate with rice, salad, veggies and a spring roll. Salad was crisp, fresh as we're the veggies. Chicken was juicy and season just right. I will be stopping by again to try more things.
5	I had an awesome client drop some off for me once for lunch and wow was it good. I highly recommend Luu's to anyone!
2	I do not understand all of the good reviews for this place. The ginger chicken bowl was dry and bland except for the ginger sauce which tasted like it came from a can. It had a distinct Metallic taste. The miso soup was so salty you could barely taste any miso flavor at all. The only semi-decent thing was the hot sauce. And the rice was edible. I will not be coming back.
4	Luu's is a must try if you have a teriyaki craving . I ordered a teriyaki bowl with chicken breast . Everything was so fresh considering how fast it was to make it . I will for sure stop by the next time I need a quick bite in that neighborhood .
5	Love the ginger salad dressing. Food is always nice and hot. Service is very friendly. I love that they have a drive thru for those post yard work dinners (you know, when you're all dirty and sweaty and don't want to offend anyone). Definitely a great alternative to the typical burger fast food drive thru. Good prices, too!
3	Good priced, but not the best if one is carb conscious
5	So this place looks sketchy and it took a while for me to try it out.  Now that I have I sure wish I tried it sooner.  Awesome quick food.
5	Hands down best teriyaki chicken bowl in the valley- I always it with extra cabbage ( which is weird) but they always give me what I want and are so nice and friendly. they always remember me:)
5	Me and my family have had their Teriyaki Chicken Bowl countless times. It's always good and at a reasonable price.  We usually get it to go, so I don't know the dine-in experience, but I definitely would recommend this place.
2	We have tried Luu's a few times and have not been impressed.  The chicken bowls had little flavor and the egg rolls were not good.  I don't understand the 5-star reviews on here, especially since I never see anyone at this place when I drive by.  There are a few other options in this area that are much better if you're looking for quick Chinese or Japanese food.  Not horrible food, but not worth the money in my opinion.
3	My goal is to taste all Japanese cuisine here at Phoenix, to look for the best menu that I can add to my small diner's in our place. I gave 3 star for now, since this is the first I've tasted... The food is not bad at all.
5	great affordable fast food.  Not a lot of places make tofu nuggets and theirs are the best I've had.I typically will get a chicken bowl as well and maybe crab puffs.If I'm looking for affordable and fast Japanese food, I can't recommend this place enough.
5	Excellent teriyaki chicken.  Great price.  Friendly staff.
5	This place is always fresh and delicious. I usually get the ginger chicken bowl or  the chicken  teriyaki  bowl. I've also had the yakisoba noodles which are also good. I try not to eat the crab puffs but they are just too hard to pass up!  The man and woman who work the drive thru are always VERY nice!
5	Yeah this place rules! Great food and great people. Don't let the outside scare you. It's worth it!
3	Cheap and quick. That was the best part about this place. I can't say it was the tastiest bowl I have ever had. I got the ginger chicken, and the sauce just was not very flavorful. I had a bite of my husband's teriyaki and we each liked each other's more. I did enjoy the eggeoll, and the peanut sauce was good. I do wonder what kind of grade the food safety inspectors would give the restaurant, though.
3	2.5 stars for the food. Came here for the chicken teriyaki bowl. Not impressed. It's hard to be impressed when you're from Seattle and there is a Teriyaki joint at every corner. The (dark meat) chicken had an OK flavor but strange color and texture.  The teriyaki sauce was bland. I did enjoy the fresh veggies it came with.  Their egg roll was also very good. Not sure if I will be back but there for the teriyaki bowl again but there aren't any other quick teriyaki places I know about in the area...
3	A decent place to get a decent rice bowl. I wasn't overly impressed with the taste of the food. The teriyaki sauce had a very light flavor and the egg roll was greasy, probably due to being fried in oil below temperature. The price was good for what you get. We got our food to go, which was the right choice because the old Wendy's building this restaurant is in needs a good cleaning.
5	awesome food!! might not look like much from the outside but I've been a half dozen times and have never been disappointed. Shrimp tempura is bomb. Teriyaki chicken is amazing! Veggies taste fresh. You can't go wrong at this place.
5	They are wonderful people that cook healthy quick Chinese food at a very affordable price.
5	Sadly, it looks like the cursed location has taken what was actually the best restaurant ever to sit next to federicos.  Just stopped at Luu's chicken bowl and they appear to have shut down :(
