3	Not sure what I expected from this place...it's pretty much your basic run-o-the-mill stadium theatre.  Seeing as how it's in Vegas, I think I was expecting something a little fancier...or "grand"!  It's a 17,000-capacity arena, good acoustics (at least according to my ears - Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds filled the place pretty well with their two guitars).   Word to the wise - can bring drinks from the casino in, souvenir stands on the main floor and downstairs, normal concession stands.
3	Hey look, it's a great big arena in a hotel/casino.  Cooool!  Now I can get my arena rock on.I'll remove my tongue from my cheek and go on.  I'm not incloned (that was a total typo, but it's staying) to see many acts that play big arenas because, well - check out the whole 'cloned' part of that typo.  I don't want to see Papa Incuback.  However, once in a while I've just HAD to go here, and all in all it's not been a terrible experience.I am personally amazed - AMAZED - at how easy it is to get in and out of this place. I've heard other people have had problems, but I always breeze in and out of the garden, then to avoid the parking garage traffic I sit and have one drink and then all is clear.  I swear some people just teleport home once they're done.The sound is OK.  The seating's OK.  The place is pretty giant, so if you're up in the nosebleeds I really wonder why you're there at all; the one show I saw from there was almost frustrating.Once, for a certain performer I was totally gakked out for but am not going to admit, I figured how to sneak backstage and met them.  Getting to their backstage is RIDICULOUSLY easy.  I ain't gonna tell you how, but I did it on my own at 18; if you use your noodle a bit it becomes pretty obvious.Once, I went to see Paul McCartney here with my mother (oh my GAWD - do you KNOW how much I love the Beatles??) and Ozzy Osbourne gave me 7th row seats, swear to some evil dark god (since it's Ozzy).  That was the best show I've ever seen.  But seriously, I attribute that to Paul and Ozzy and not so much the MGM.  Paul could have been eating Corn Flakes and reading the paper and, at only seven rows back, I'd be screaming my head off.
5	Never been to this arena, but five stars for hosting "UFC 71: Chuck 'The Iceman' LIDDELL VS. Quinton 'Rampage' JACKSON!" To quote the new UFC Light Heavyweight Champion Rampage: "My technique is brawlin.  My style is kick yo a**... Drinks on the house... if you can get someone to buy you one..."Brutally powerful AND a sense of humor - absolutely classic champion.  Thank you MGM for hosting an MMA event in this forum and thank you Sony for having high resolution big screen t.v.'s to thoroughly enjoy the experience and bringing the action into homes!
4	I've been to a lot of different venues in my concert going career and I must put the MGM near the top of the 'arena' sized venues.  I went to the Police show last Friday and was really impressed with the acoustics, the sight lines and even the seats (they had a little rocking action to them)  My biggest gripe-they stopped serving booze at 10pm. 10pm! I thought we were in Vegas, not Salt Lake City.
4	This arena has seen it all. I'm privileged to have been here to see some of my favorite bands here. I'm a big geek so I wont elaborate, but I have had bad seats and really good ones and even some backstage concerts. This is a really large venue that holds about 13 thousand and when its sold out it is so loud!! However, this place is really great because its not as big as some I have been to that hold far more, or the same and don't feel as small. Pretty easy to get in and out of, and with plenty of restaurants and bars in the MGM, this is always a good night out!
5	5 stars for hosting UFC 84. This place fucken rocks. Organize round shape so people don't get lost. The seats were clean and the slope is high enough so tall people don't block short people's vision. Wide enough walkways.
5	Like Johnny said...5 stars for hosting UFC 84..possibly one of the best fight cards of 2008...Affliction Banned may give it a run.  Anyway, the seating is good...the Grand Garden Arena is huge...but the bathroom lines were never horrible...plenty of concessions. The place was clean. Overall a great place to host such an event. ~G
4	Such a breath of fresh air as far as arenas go.Back in New York I have had to settle with the sub par Izod Center in NJ and the awful looking Nassau Coliseum on the Island when I wanted to see a big concert. In March 2007 I had the privilege to see back to back shows of one of my favorite bands at the MGM Grand Garden Arena. It is state of the art and has a great sound system. When the shows started you felt the energy of the crowd and it has a great setting (inside one of the best hotel casinos on the strip), so I feel that you can not go wrong with this arena when seeing  a show in Sin City.
2	I've attended many concerts at this venue. The sound quality isnt bad (depending where you are seated). The seats arent that comfortable.The only disadvantage of this place is the hassle of finding a parking spot as well as leaving the garage. Even if you leave an hour early to get to the concert/event you'll still get caught up in the mess.  So once your frustration level is on the rise, the annoyance of walking from the garage/valet should peak your annoyance level.Before you could carry bottled water into the venue, now they make you pour it into a plastic cup (which a pain because guranteed you'll spill it one way or another). Refreshments: you might as well eat supper/dinner before you attend the concert. Its not worth the money to buy snacks at the venue.If you want to purchase merchandise, you might as well give them your first born. It is sooo expensive. A shirt for 40 dollars? I remember when shirts were only 20!?Seating: honestly concerts are better in the round cause everyone gets their money worth.  Floor seats arent worth it unless if youre in the first 3 rows. Dont buy the upper/nosebleed section seats cause the sound quality is bad as well as your view. By some unlucky chance you are in those nosebleed section, you can always rent (yes, I said rent) binoculars for 10.Geeze its bad enough they're screwing you over merch, they might as well screw you in another way. Hey, it sucks! You would think you would get your moneys worth right? right.oh yeah, heads up on the steps in the upper levels, they're kinda narrow.
4	the only arena style place that i've been to in Vegas. i cant compare it to other places that's located in Vegas. it was a couple years ago (5+yrs perhaps). the concert that i attended in this place was held by Jacky Chan. You know, the martial art tv star that all american/chinese people like. The concert was held with his friends and they had many other actors and singers that attended as his guest. i thuoght the stage was a bit small when compared to my imagination. even with VIP seating it was srtill pretty far and sometimes you would have to squint or try hard to see the place. i don't know if the organization messed up the seating arrangement an ripped off the VIPs. Personally i thought the place was pretty decent. Very good audio and pretty decent staging lights.
3	The venue looks like it has been around because it has been.  It actually reminded me of the tired San Diego Sports Arena, which is not a good thing.The acoustics could be better but that is to be expected for an arena, especially of this one's age.  So, what is my point?  The jist is:1. Don't expect wonderful concert/music experience because of the acoustics.2. Any other type of event, you'll really enjoy this venue.It's not like you get to choose where you're favorite band is going to play...did Madonna call me to ask "Is MGM Grand Garden Arena okie dokie with you for my Sticky and Sweet concert?"  No she did not....betch.I wouldn't avoid a music concert at this venue but just be aware that the acoustics will be lacking.
4	saw ricky hatton defeat malignaggi here last night as well as attended the weigh-in the day before.  the gallagher brothers were in the house as well as david beckham and stallone.  the arena felt intimate and the lines of sight were good.  the public areas gave the manchester/hatton/england fans lots of space to lead rousing sing-alongs/chants and taunt the malignaggi fans - no fights and no terribly drunk fans - lots of good chants and songs though.  the beer was $6 to $7 (reasonable) - the ladies restrooms were great/clean/empty - tho' it was a fight and it could have been the ladies/gentlemen ratio for that.  the nathan's hot dog stand is right around the corner.
4	Saw a boxing match here.  No complaints.  The ticket prices are outrageous (which is fine- it's vegas) but this is just your typical 80s style arena- fold down seats, no cup holders, not that much space between rows.  I noticed that there were more people in the second tier seats then first tier- perhaps a testament to Vegas-style ticket sale practices.
4	Ah yes, yet another place I've come to watch my man Chuck the Iceman Liddell.  Although I had a great time here, and got to see tons of fighters in the lobby after the fight, I must say I think I like Mandalay Bay's arena slightly better....just for the entrance/exit situation. Took forever to get out of this arena.  But again, great views from everywhere....we were way up top but still had an awesome view and could hear punches and kicks galore. There was a fight a few rows in front of us, and security was all over it in a heartbeat (honestly, I don't think I"ve been to a UFC even when there wasn't a fight in the stands.)  I'd definately head back here for more MMA action!!
4	This is a good arena to see live music. There aren't really any bad seats because it just is not all that huge.  Also, they have huge screen monitors so you can see close ups of Neil Diamond's face while he sings, "America", "Sweet Caroline", "Cracklin' Rosy" and many other hits. I would hit another show at this arena again anytime.  HOWEVER!  Service at the bar SUCKS AZZ!!!!  40 minutes to get 2 drinks, 1 beer and 1 glass of wine. WTF?  Have more people working and get these drinks served. I can guarantee you will sell more drinks if people do not have to wait in 45+ minute lines to grab a cock. And this is not hyperbole. I will guarantee it, or you can have your cocks back.
4	WHen I think of the MGM grand Arena... Boxing is the first thing that comes to mind. Built for the sports venue and built in a way that regardless of your seat location, every seat has a good view. Great atmosphere, great crowd. Place is a bit older now and might need a small renovation, but its still a cool place!
4	400 reviews, baby!!!the MGM grand garden arena is definitely worth my 400th review...or maybe just the reason i was there made it more worthwhile.  i'm not really a big fan of vegas, cuz uhhhh...most of the time, vegas hates me and vice versa.  i give and give and give...and all vegas does is take and take and take.  it's a very unhealthy relationship for me.  so i usually try to avoid vegas at all costs, especially during holiday weekends.  but this trip was an exception...i was lucky enough to score some tickets to the big ufc fight through a photographer that i recently worked with.  i just love my job. :)  he definitely hooked me up!  i got to have my first experience at the garden arena and watch my first ufc fight...actually, my first real fight...period.  i don't even really know much about ufc or fighting but why in the world would i pass up this opportunity?  it would be totally unacceptable.  the arena is located pretty deep in the MGM...i think...or we just went the wrong way and walked all the way around.  and of course, silly me was wearing heels.  i just don't ever learn.  hey, a girl has a right to wear cute shoes whenever she wants!  parking wasn't too bad considering the big event but we did get there pretty early to try to catch the first fight.  i don't think there are really any bad seats in the house.  the octagon is in the middle and there are big screens everywhere to get a better view of what's going on in there.  of course, there are bars all over the place so alcohol wouldn't be a problem.  this is vegas, damn it!  i didn't visit the bar tho.  i think that was the first time i actually stayed sober in vegas.all in all it was good times.  the venue was great for my first real right...and quite possibly, my last.
4	The MGM Grand Garden on Valentines Day for Billy Joel.......How could it get much better than that ??A Great show.              Great sound.                         Great lighting.                                   Great friends                                              Great crowd - really into the music ! !However ! ! ! ...............The one thing every concert goer dreads..................A huge fat guy in the seat next to you .......  So big he takes his seat and half your seat.   aaaagggghhhhh ...............I wonder about the airplane size seats in the arenaI wonder about the people paying huge amounts of money for floor seating and then having to look through the first three rows of standing arm waving rockers by the stage.Bummer ...............I bless the two people who did not show up  for the seats right behind us on the isle, Their absence allowed me sit or stand and enjoy the performance and the fat guy could spread half way into my former seat and could enjoy himself.  Back to the floor - I agree with "Susie  R"  - the obvious plants in the front row - rocking out and waving to every song make it not so enjoyable for the people behind them not tall enough to see over everyone ......But  - to each his own concert experience.Billy Joel was spectacular..... two solid hours of quality. Super hits mixed in with tunes designed to showcase the talent of the band members.Could not have been better  .................... well, except for the seating.( bless you two where ever you are )
4	I saw the "Blues Traveler" concert here and had a great time.  I am no audiophille, but it was very good sounds, big screen monitors got us up close to the group, and I had an awesome view of the concert.  Granted I had great seats which was four rows from the floor.  A quick note...the MGM Grand security personnel was kind of rude, but I think that was because they are union and they are on a time schedule and they herded us out like cattle as soon as the concert was over.  "Dang guys...slow down...the concert ended 5 minutes ago!"I would definitely consider seeing another event here at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
4	I attended a NHL pre season match known as Frozen Fury here very recently and loved every minute of it. The arena is small with great viewing from even the upper seats. Sadly Vegas doesn't host many professional sports events in general because this would make a great arena for my exhibition games for the NBA or NHL. They were not utilizing the screens at our event which seemed silly but I am pretty sure that was a promoter/organization issue more than the MGM Grand Arena. You can hop off the monorail and be right at the main entrance in case you don't stay at the MGM Grand. I could imagine it not being the best venue for acoustics but a fun venue in a great casino!
4	I came here twice; once when I was really little and the second time was in December of 2007 for a Leehom Wang concert. There is tons of seating, and the acoustics is pretty good; it fills the whole stadium. There are two large screen TV's that project a larger image of the performer on stage. When I went for the concert, they had the words projected on the screen in real time as well, which I thought was cool. They have grand seating, general seating, and upper level seating. The only thing is it's an oval shape, so the people on the very sides of the oval are in an awkward position. Otherwise it's a great place; it looks really nice when it's completely dark and everyone just has their cell phone lights on. :-)
3	We were staying at the MGM when we came here for the Bocelli concert so parking was not an issue for us. We showed up about 40 minutes prior to the show and it was about 10 minutes to get in after the crowds and security check. The place is pretty big as you can imagine but the layout is terrible. If you are sitting in the top sections be prepared not to see ANY of the screens. When you sit that far back , you really NEED the screens. They are blocked in view by hanging steel and light fixures. We were ok during our concert because we could seem him on stage and well listening to him was the most important, so we didnt care too much. A few more rows up, and forget about it. The seats are very close together as most arenas are but definately not comfortable. What I disliked the most about this arena was the dust. Once most of the people were in the arena a huge cloud of dust gathered in the air and like smog over LA, covered us all. It got worse at intermission when a lot of people left and came back. The seats are all on concrete floors and I suppose from people walking it all goes into the air. Gross. We really didnt want to breathe it in. If you have asthma be warned of this. Also, if you wait too long to leave since you dont want to be stuck in the herd of people, they will kick you out. So see your show and get out!
3	Came here for UFC 108. The arena is much easier to get in and out of than Mandalay Bay b/c there are multiple exits. The stadium seating is easier to walk up and down....never felt like I was too crowded. I had pretty perfect seats just a few rows from floor level and I had an unobstructed and perfect view of the octagon. But from what I can tell there really doesn't seem to be any bad seat in this place. Food was cheaper than Mandalay Bay. I grabbed a pizza and a soda from a stand and paid only $9. I paid over $22 for a pretzel, soda and a churro at Mandalay. I was a little worried when I didn't see that many security officials....but then again the arena wasn't as packed as UFC 106. Good times! Too bad UFC 109 is @ Mandalay Bay....I prefer MGM at this point.
5	I really like this arena. Recently went to the Bon Jovi concert here. We stayed at the MGM so we just had to stroll down from our room. Easy in, even through security. Bathrooms - not crowded and stayed clean throughout the show. Bars - I can't knock any stars off for not having Jager (see my other 32 degrees review if you want Jagermeister at the MGM). Prices typical of any arena or stadium. Easy to get to the seats. Some of the best sound quality I've heard for a concert in a while. The 200 level seats, which are the nose bleed section in this arena, are not horrible for viewing. Of course it will depend on the show layout, but for the price they were great. The other thing we noticed is how friendly everyone who worked here - security, bartenders, etc. None of the feeling like you're in the wrong just because you want to see "Livin' on A Prayer' live.
5	We saw AC/DC concert there last Friday. Great sound great views, and we were well back in the Arena. Easy to get in & easy to get out. Love to see another performance there.
3	The Grand Garden Arena has had some of the biggest events in boxing. Actually it holds the largest gate at 19 million. But the Grand Garden definately has bad seats. The view from the higher seats aren't very good. Especially when you are paying $600 for the nose bleeds. Once you've been to the Staples Center and Madison Square Garden. This venue is mediocre compared to those venues. But Vegas and boxing are married to each other. The biggest fights will always be here. The only other two venues used nowadays is Thomas & Mack and Mandalay, and the Grand Garden is better than those two.
5	LOVE this place for concerts!  Have seen 4 concerts here.  All AMAZING!! Was able to get some killer seats the day of a concert from the Box Office.  The sound inside the area is top notch!  The seats are roomy.  And the location could not be better.  You can walk from the middle of the casino and be in your seat in 5 minutes!! How can you go wrong there?  There is valet parking out front of the casino.  So you don't have to park in some huge dirt parking lot of a concert venue. You can grab drinks with your friends before the show and not worry about getting busted for no drinking "in the lots" before the show. And ... your in VEGAS!!! So you know the band is going to be on fire for the show!
5	Johnny Cash once said, "I've been everywhere". I feel this way about concert venues. The Delta Center, Staples Center, and even the Honda Center (which up to this point was my favorite).After last night, I can say that I've been to a spot that is as cool and amazing as the Honda Center in Anaheim. I went to the James Taylor/Carole King show last night with my Dad. The crowd at the entrance to the arena was a bit much to handle, but it's Vegas...I can overlook this.We were a few minutes early, so we had time to find our seats and whatnot. Since many of my followers know that I give "extra stars" for perfect bathrooms, this trip was no exception.The bathrooms are this venue was PERFECT. Clean. Thank God. Usually stadiums, arenas and such have piss-poor (pun intended) bathrooms that smell from the entrance to the building, but MGM, you've done well.Once you sit down in your seats, you'll realize that there is NO bad seat in this venue. The air conditioning was solid (114 degrees outside). Parking is great.The best part? Getting out of the arena was a breeze. I was at my car within a few minutes. In summary, this is a fantastic venue, and one of the best places to see a concert. Staff is friendly, the lines for concessions are rather quick and short. Almost like a Utopian world. KEY: Park valet. Don't park in self parking. If you do, be prepared for a long wait since everyone seems to leave at the same time.
5	just here for gaga & what a spectacle!   nice venue!   however exiting was CRAZY!  too many people coming out of one exit!
2	Do not sit in section 218. the worst seats ever. also in large events its very unsafe leaving. Major Fire hazard.
5	We came here to see Andrea Bocelli in concert last night and It awesome, I was impressed with the Grand Arena - the sound system acoustics were great and our seats were awesome.  Bathrooms were conveniently located close to seats. My only complaint was when we departed it was tough exiting the arena BC there's one way in and one way out Parking was a breeze both coming and going. I'll definitely return here to see another venue in the future.
4	I have seen my fair share of concerts. I've been to venues on the east coast from Maine all the way to New Jersey. Outside, inside, 60,000 people to a few thousand. This arena is small and intimate. Probably holds roughly around 10,000. I caught Roger Waters, The Wall 2010 tour stop here and enjoyed every second of the concert. The arenas acoustics are well balanced. I was in section 5 and the sound was near perfect. Roger brought along his own surround sound speakers for this tour and was well mixed in the arena. The sight lines to the stage in the section are perfect. The are no obstructions and I was able to catch all aspects of his multimedia spectacle and stage presence from this view. I would say there are not bad seats in the house. Unless its a stage set up and your along the side close to the stage. Still good though to be up that close in my opinion. Boxing definitely has the best set up here. This venue has held many famous UFC and boxing events in the past.Everything was close to the seats. Obviously there was a line for the bathrooms. And there are plenty of concession stands for food and  beverages. Security is brief getting in. Only a quick pass though a medal detector. Not sensitive at all. You can keep everything in your pockets. I saw that ushers were efficient in pointing you towards your seats. You can park in the garage or valet I guess. MGM Grand is so frigging big It takes a while to find where your are going or parked.I would come back in the future to check out another event. Hopefully would like to see a boxing event here.
4	I was here for evening events that were part of a conference. Two nights we came from around 6-10pm. We only had about 8K people in our conference. There were plenty of bar stations set up at the entrance portals to the seating. The staff was friendly and helpful in guiding me to my section. I've been in this venue for large concerts before, so with only 8K in attendance they had the upper half of the seating locked down, and it was very odd to see what the inside looked like! Seemed like a completely different venue! There was plenty of accessible parking in the garage, and I found a new (new to me!) entrance so you don't have to go down through the studio walk, through the lobby and around "restaurant row" :) I was very excited about that since high heeled shoes don't always mix well with extended walking. I would attend other events at this venue for sure.
3	Recently came here for the Lady Gaga concert, Monster Ball Tour. It was a really good concert, packed with energy and vulgar antics.Anyway, this venue is decent. Walked here takes forever from valet/self parking... so by the time you walk or run here, depending on how long it takes those girls to put their make up on blahh! But yeah, it's a long, winding route to get to the entrance to the arena, inconvenient!It's a much smaller arena than what I'm used to but that makes it so that the show is more intimate and almost every seat is a good seat (maybe not the nosebleeds though)We had good seats, Lower Level - center, facing the stage. It was still pretty far that you couldn't see all the "action" without looking at the jumbotron... they really need a bigger jumbotron though. I think my TV at home is bigger than their's.
3	The rooms were fine. I just wished it had more closet space or places to put your clothes. I didn't enjoy paying the resort fee upon check-in or the long hallways to get to our room. The hotel and rooms itself were very clean and sleek. Their pools were the best amenity! So many different pool options and tons of seating. We managed to snag about 15 chairs near the lazy river for our friends.  Even though I did enjoy my stay, I would much rather stay at a different hotel for the same quality but a longer price.
3	It is a decent building with good views everywhere. My only complaints are the narrow halls for exiting, not big enough for a pro team, no skyboxes, and no permanent Jumbotron/ scoreboard. Oh yeah and not enough food places or unique eating.
4	I went to see the Britney Spears (feat. Nicki Minaj) concert on Saturday.  I don't think you can get a bad seat in the house!  We sat in section 202, which was upper level, center stage and it was great.  The seats are generous with plenty of room to get up and dance!Everyone working at the MGM Grand Garden Arena was extremely nice as well!  There was a usher in our section who was great and helpful. I would totally come back to see another show here!
5	I was invited by three friends in Vegas over independence day weekend to watch UFC 132 on July 2nd at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.I was so uninterested because I don't like this kind of competitive fighting. UFC to me is like a low class street/bar fight. Don't follow it at all but decided to join them, I figured it's only gonna be for a couple of hours.Go by restaurant row through Studio Walk and the arena is on your left just before you get to famous Wet Republic pool.Of course as many of you know there is not a bad seat in the house due to the fact that is not a huge arena. Great views to the ring or stage all around from any section. Total capacity is 17,000 and it was announced 13,000 were in attendance. Parking is free, the staff is very helpful, every event held here is well organized. This was my 7th time in the arena. I've seen Boxing fights and concerts here before and all those previous times the service has been top notch. Big props to MGM for being professional and providing an excellent customer experience. On this night, we sat in section L13 which is close to the ring. Saw the fight action perfectly fine. Every punch, kick, TKO and KO oh yeah we all had fun watching those numskulls kick the hell out of each other!By the way, 11 fights in one night is too many but I guess you need it since the UFC fights don't last that long. 3 rounds and the featured fight 5 rounds? I didn't know. I'm a huge Boxing fan though, there is professionalism in it. Mayweather vs Pacquiao come on Vegas make it happen!
4	Came here for the Pacquiao and Mosley boxing match and boy was this a great venue. It was my first time at this venue and the atmosphere was electrifying. I wish the fight was a little better but I enjoyed sitting up in the rafters and chanting with the other spectators.The only complaint I have is that there is really only one way in and out so it is really slow to get out of this place after an event.
3	Went to see the pacquiao vs. mosley fight. My first fight ever..The arena is a long, long, long walk from the casino..Typical sports arena, great sound, we hade some not so great seats but you can see everything and large screens helped. The sound was amazing, ll cool j came out with mosley and I was blown away by how good the acoustics were..Good spot I think to see any show, no matter where you sit..
4	Came here back in June for the Britney Spears concert with my daughter. Not the best accoustics, but still a fairly nice venue. This was the most bizarre concert I've ever attended. It's not the venue's fault, but it was a weird experience. We sat in the unfixed seats in the back, just above the first level. An older couple sat next to us because the wife used a cane. First of all, I thought I would have been the oldest person there, I'm 41, but this couple was in their mid to late sixties. I heard the man tell his wife to sit the f*ck down...nice guy, right? During the opening act & the Nicki Minaj portion of the concert, he kept looking through his binoculars at them...EW. Then Britney came out. He danced as well as he could being old, white & sitting down. Again, he ogled Britney & her dancers through his binocs. Some poor girl had the misfortune of walking past then stopping in front of them on the walkway just above the top row of seats in the lower section. They yelled at her and told her to, "Get the f*ck out of the way!!". She left, quite bewildered at being verbally assulted by a couple of old geezers at a Britney Spears concert. The part of Britney's show came in which she asks a male member of the audience to come on stage and dance with her. The fool old man was waving his hand wildly in the air, like a the kiss-ass smart kid in your elementary school class kind of hand raising! Fortunately for everyone in that arena, she picked a younger, better looking man....phew! About 10 minutes later, a group of 4 girls decided they wanted to dance where the first girl had earlier got her ass verbally handed to her by Mr. & Mrs. Hemorrhoid.  Again, they yelled obscenities at the girls, he pushed one of them and the wife was pushing them with her cane! The girls asked my daughter & I if we minded if they moved in front of us. We told them it was fine, we could still see just fine. Then one of the girls told the man that it was not OK to hit a woman. He says, "I didn't hit you, I pushed you!"...wow. Sorry girls, he's taken!
3	I have attended a few events at the MGM Grand Arena. As far as large venues go, this Arena is not my favorite, but it gets the job done. Besides, it's not like you get to pick where you are going to see your favorite singer perform, or catch the next UFC fight... I like that there are ample places to buy the extremely high priced alcoholic beverages. I dislike those prices but it's the Strip, know before you go and preparty! It's true that there isn't really a bad seat in the house. I have never spent top dollar for my seats and have always been a-ok with the view and acoustics. What I DO dislike about the seating, at least in the section I sat in last, is that the seating moves when anyone in the row gets up or sits down. Least favorite part of the Arena? The parking garage is a clusterfuck when leaving. Next time I have an event to attend at the Grand Garden Arena, I am going to take the advice of a fellow Yelper and park at another casino and take the monorail to MGM.
4	If seeing a professional socializing in the same glass cage as two female lions appeals to you, then this place shall be a spot for you to stop at.
5	i like this casino. it smells good and the people are friendly.
5	Great Sound! What makes or breaks an arena to me is how well you can see a performance and how good the sound system is.  The MGM Grand Garden Arena has the best of both worlds.  You can see the show from any where in the housse, but of couse the closer the better.Heres to you MGM for having a cool arena!
3	This concert venue is fine.  Nothing more or less than what you would expect.  I've been to a bunch of shows here (mostly because of the wife) and yet I still see critical mistakes by patrons.1. Why buy concert programs before the show?  They're a big royal waste of $25 but if you must buy it, just get it afterwards.  You have 3 hours of carrying that thing around and risk curling, crinkling or god forbid spilling something on it.  This goes for t-shirts too unless you are buying x-small because the other sizes aren't running out anytime soon.  2. For all the ladies! Either get to the restroom as soon as the opening act is done or risk standing in a line for 30 minutes.  You're better off just going 10 min before the headliner when there's never a line.3. You're better off with 2 16 oz beers at $8 a pop than the 24 oz $11 ones.  More beer per oz and less trips to the bar/waiting in line.4. Park at NYNY and walk over if you live on the westside of LV.  The traffic going into the garage from the west is ridiculous by Vegas standards.  You also avoid all the exit traffic.  Its not like the walk from the MGM garage to the arena is that much closer.5. Don't think you're just going to just get a table at Seablue/Craftsteak/Shibuya/Fiamma (ok..maybe Fiamma) before the show without a reservation!  Make one!
4	It's been ten years since I've been to Vegas.  The last time I was here was Sept. 14, 2001.  Literally days after the infamous 9-11 debacle.  Vegas was a literal ghost town then.  Large portions of casinos were closed and poker tables were draped in sheets.  A rather sad and morbid time that cast a somewhat somber veil over Vegas (if you can even believe that's possible!)Now ten years later, almost to the date, I return to the MGM Grand Garden Arena during a very exciting, very crowded Labor Day weekend.  A huge contrast to my last visit, not to mention how much Vegas has changed since.  The primary purpose of my visit remained the same as it was ten years ago:  Sade!  This precious pearl of mine has and continues to be one of my all time favorite musicians.  Knowing that she hibernates every ten or so years and that this could very well be her swan song, it was a no-brainer that I needed to see her one last time (my fourth thus far).  Even though I saw her earlier this summer in New York, this concert was more brilliant than ever!  Actually the sound was a million times better than it was at the Nassau Coliseum in Uniondale.The only down side of this venue is that it's deep within the MGM.  We entered the hotel from the Strip entrance and it took us a good ten minutes to get all the way to the arena.  Exiting is claustrophobic and challenging as the hotel's hallways are much too narrow to accommodate the mass exodus.     Otherwise a wonderful 360 experience for me, reminiscing the time that has passed, the people who have come and gone in my life and the priceless life experiences I've benefited from the past decade.  A great reason to celebrate, give thanks and cherish the day!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLZxLHrNXK8&feature=relatedhttp://www.superbientotal.com/##Yelp 365:  051/365
4	this was my 2nd year in a row (many more to come) attending the frozen fury for the LA kings here at the MGM. they truly make it feel like a Kings home game in vegas.  great seats. good sound system. kings fan take over the arena. beverage and drink prices are normal. cant wait for next year!!!
3	Move over, boxing, hockey is in town.The MGM Grand graciously hosted the annual Frozen Fury pre-season game between the Los Angeles Kings and Colorado Avalanche. Going in, it was probably the worst set-up for a sports game ever. They had the merchandise displayed out front when you first walked in, and staff members saying "DO NOT LOOK AT THE T-SHIRTS NOW. KEEP THE CROWD MOVING." Um, HELLO, of course people are going to bottleneck if you have all the merchandise when you walk in!Anyway. Once inside, the crowd was a sea of purple, gold, black, white and silver (because the Kings for some reason have more team colors than Division Championships). There might even have been an Avs fan or two in attendance. The ice was right and the lights were bright. They even had a wacky old-school buzzer to let the fans know when a goal was scored. I'm 99% sure that the Kings even brought their home organ player to keep the crowd amped.The sound system was crackly and staticky, at least in our section. But that can be ignored because there is no better feeling than sitting in the stands and watching some live hockeyball.
4	Jimmy Buffett in Vegas..not the same as being in the Bahamas or the Caribbean but if it prolongs summer I'm in. Jimmy Buffett visits once a year to the MGM in Vegas and I decided to attend the October show.I think all the seats are great for visual and the acoustics were good to very good. The seats are comfortable enough and I  did not get a sore back or rear from sitting too long. Most of the crowd was standing and dancing anyways so it was ok.In and out of the arena was bearable, fairly organized and not the typical crowd stampede. Drinks and food were marked up accordingly. Worth seeing a venue at.
4	Review for Arena:I went to see George Strait and Martina McBride. Great concert and great seats, no matter where you sit. The stage is square so it was a treat to see the performers move around from corner to corner to give audiences on all sides their fair share. The screens were huge, great for those sitting far away. One thing my boyfriend and I found funny. We went to go get some food. They didn't offer much, so we just ended up ordering hot dogs. But as we were ordering, we saw some lady come out with a giant bag of popcorn. She opened up the bag and dumped the ALREADY POPPED popcorn into the popcorn machine. We joked about it the entire evening. But we were hungry so we ended up buying the popcorn anyway. As expected, it tasted like it came from out of a cardboard box and was stale and overly salted.  Is it that hard to pop fresh popcorn?
4	I"ve been to the Grand Garden Arena on many occasions and haven't really had any issues with the arena. The seating is usually pretty good and there are plenty of bathrooms and different entrances, which is key for a venue of this size. The parking situation can be pretty difficult, especially during big events like fights and concerts. Getting out can be a nightmare from time to time. I definitely recommend parking at a neighboring property and walking over or leaving early like I usually do at events, hah.
4	I don't know by what metric to really judge a venue. Surely the performance you're seeing there will be a key indicator of the demographic you'll see, so I can't use that. Same thing goes for ticket prices. So I'll use basic rules: was the service good, would I return, was the place clean, was I wowed?  Yes, Yes, Yes, No. The service from everyone there was great. From the person who scanned my ticket to the guy who made our drinks to the ushers... all really good, friendly staff. It made the non-performance part awesome. The place was clean and tidy and seemed like they had a good operating procedure going, so that was cool, too. Would I return to this venue again? Heck yes! But all those things are basic and really make me like the place. But I was never WOWed at this place. I mean, I was wowed by the performance (Slash was amazing!), but I was not wowed by the venue. I don't even know what that would've entailed, but still. There it is.
4	Chicago, take note.This is how you do a concert venue.Not a bad view in the house, clean and plentiful restrooms, smiling staff members, comfortable temperature, easy in/out.Going to concerts at The Metro for so long, I forgot what it was like to enjoy a show.  I wasn't dripping sweat and getting yelled at by security while pacing back and forth to find a spot I could actually see!  Imagine that!311 Day 2012 was a huge success!  We were nervous having last pick crummy seats so we paid a little more for GA outside the venue.  We gave our original seats to friends and they had a fantastic time.  Either way was a win.  The sound was wonderful and everyone was enjoying themselves.  311 Day is a 2 day concert and a great meeting of positive people who love 311.   Everyone was dancing and singing along and there was space to breathe. Even with dancing until my feet hurt, the airflow throughout the venue kept me nice and cool.  From the moment we got dropped off by the cab until the show was over, the service was amazing.  Every employee there had a smile on their face and looked happy to be there.   I wasn't irritated once.  I don't remember the last time I could say that at a concert venue.  I can't stress this point enough!  After the show you can head upstairs and hang out at the casino.   What more can you ask for.  A perfect show experience.I would come back here to see a show no question.  Las Vegas, I love you.
4	This weekend was the 311 celebration of 311 Day.  My best friend got VIP and took me along for the experience of a lifetime and we had a blast.  I didn't even know the band was still making music until they released Sunset in July last year.  Anyway, the vibe was amazing and the show was fantastic!  The sound was decent, lighting was AMAZING, and the seats were even better believe it or not.  This venue is not super huge, but not too small either; I can't fathom having a bad seat.   I love that when you arrive to the venue there is a specific person standing with plastic cups waiting to pour your drinks out of their glasses for easy and safe consumption!  I LOVE Vegas!!!
4	Here today for concert.  I listen to the radio and win tickets quite often to concerts and special events around the Vegas valley.  Tonight it was the Jimmy Buffet Concert.  My husband had gone to his concert about 20 years ago in Portland Oregon.  He wasn't as excited about it as I was.  There were long lines to get into the area, it was packed with crazy people all in a partying mood.  As we funneled through the doors, we were herded through metal detectors.  Once inside, we helped to our seats and spent a fun night watching the crazy people and rocking out to the same old Jimmy tunes.Overall, this is a nice venue for a concert, good security with plenty of bar setups and t-shirt vendors.
4	Loved the Eagles! Sat in the upper left part, and I heard the bass bouncing off the angles of the corner. I would recommend sitting, if possible, in a straight line from the stage. Great lighting, and good temperature! Would definitely come back
5	A great place to see a show. I went here last weekend for Drake and it was a great experience. Getting in and out were nice and easy. The place sounded great and everything went as planned.
4	I recently checked in at the Grand Garden Arena for the Drake concert.  I was pretty impressed with the venue and the staff.As others have mentioned, there really isn't a bad seat in the house.  I sat on the side of the stage, which is often an iffy place in venues because the visibility can be impeded by lots of big, fat melonheads.  Not here... I could see everything juuuuust fine.  Including Drake, who is a fine, fine man ;)  The only downside to this venue is that if one person shifts in their seat, the whole row of seats moves as well.  However, honestly, it didn't matter in my case - I spent the entire concert on my feet, booty-popping.
4	I've had the privilege to enjoy 2 concerts here within the past 2 years, namely Paul McCartney and Van Halen, both were spell-bindingly awesome to witness. Acoustics were amazing with stereo sounds completely filling up the arena. Everything was meticulously engineered to maximize our enjoyment, from the wide screens to the pyrotechnics that it can be overwhelming for a first-timer. First off, I have to tip my hat at how well-organized the staff is with regard to the incoming flow of people. Along the entrance, a number of ushers await the crowd, keeping a close eye on anyone bringing alcoholic beverages from outside. Apparently, it's required that the alcohol is transferred to a plastic cup before you can proceed to the checkpoint (just like the ones at airports) Past that, you'll find the bathrooms and memorabillia stands where you could get yourself T-shirts or program booklets. Honestly, not unless you're a die-hard fan would you want to get a $20 program that's filled with pictures and biographies that you could simply find online. I realized this right after I got one after Paul McCartney's concert, not that I regret getting it. And being the lifelong Bealtes fan that I am, I had the best time flipping through Sir Paul's program booklet and reading in awe at how far he's gone with his career. Before I lose track, keep in mind that concessions are pricey. $5.50 for a hotdog during Van Halen's concert felt like a rip-off but it's not like we had a choice. I like to call it the Disneyland tactic. They know you can't get out so they take advantage of that fact by charging you prices over the roof. However, to top it all, my only real concern is how some folks got away with smoking during Sir Paul's concert last year. My parents and I were having the time of our lives when more than halfway into it, we smelt a strong stench of smoke coming from about 5-10 aisles in front of us. I was hoping the staff would stop them, or at least have someone re-iterate how smoking is prohibited. Sadly that didn't happen. Overall, my experiences here were unforgettable. Nothing better than seeing your favorite legends performing for you. Sure, seats can get expensive but the happiness you feel in return is priceless.
4	I've seen plenty of UFC fights at the venue.  They get better and better every time.  The tickets are also cheaper than Mandalay Bay Events Center when they throw on fights.The only reason I do not give this 5 stars is the Box Office's fault, not the venue's.  I drove 6 hours from San Diego back in December last minute because I thought I snagged up some JayZ VIP tickets.  My credit card was charged over a week before the show, yet my tickets were never in my name.  Apparently I was charged for other tickets that were in someone else's name and this wasn't discovered by the box office or ticketmaster until I arrived.  I was only granted a refund but it was too late for that.  I'm already there for the concert and without tickets.  Problem should've been fixed within 24 hours of my purchase not when I show up to see the show and get rejected.  Biggest waste of my life driving all the way there for nothing because of someone else's mistake and failure to correct it.  I still expect to be comped over this one day.
5	One of the best venues I've been to yet. For all the event venues that I have visited, this was my second visit here in my lifetime. The first being a Backstreet Boys concert(not that I remember of since I was about 9 years old) and UFC 148. I don't even need to tell you which was better. Or I do.... the latter!There is no line really which makes it a smooth way for you to make to your seats. The security and ushers are very courteous as well. Probably the most courteous I have ever dealt with. Only downside is that you are not allowed to go to your seat during rounds, but a very understandable yet bitter rule. The inside is what truly gives this place five stars. Stellar sound system. Not too big of an arena. Sized perfectly for even people in the way back to have a good view.I was fortunate enough to have my seats upgraded to VIP. I was directly in front of where the fighters walk out. Close enough for me to meet a lot of superstars.I got to meet and shake hands with Randy Couture, Dana White, Wanderlei Silva, and Dominick Cruz. I also got to have a first hand close look at Junior Dos Santos, Chuck Liddell, and Carlos Condit, who unfortunately did not shake my hand =(And it gets even better because I not only got to shake hands with Anderson Silva, but I gave him a half hug! This sounds creepy but I got to hug the best MMA fighter upon his biggest victory to date against Chael Sonnen. An experience that not many people can write about. Overall, a great venue. I would definitely come back for future UFC events, VIP or not. Sit close enough and you get to meet a legendary line-up of fighters.
5	Perfect venue for Beachbody Coach Summit. :) Nuff said.
4	Fantastic venue!!!  We just saw Neil Diamond in concert at the MGM Grand and it was awesome!   It was the last concert of his Hot August Nights 40th anniversary tour.  We had great seats and speaking of seats.... they were some of the most comfortable I have sat in at a concert and there was lots of leg room on our aisle.  Even though we had great seats to begin with, this place is built in such a way as anywhere would be consider a good seat.   The sound was perfect and had a true surround sound format.  My only complaint about this location is the lack of exits.   The staff would only let the 13,000 attendees exit back into the casino, thru two doors, and before you could get to those doors the whole place was crowded with people trying to buy souvenirs.  It was very awkward with long periods of standing and waiting.  For those with disabilities, such as myself, it was also very frustrating when the staff would not allow us to sit inside the theater until the crowd thinned out.   They told us "you have to go home now - you can't stay here."  How rude!   Well, other than that little blunder, we had a fabulous time and saw the concert of the year!!!   Neil's voice was spot on and he got very emotional towards the end.  We really got the feeling that this may be his last tour.......... sure hope not!  We LOVE YOU NEIL!  And, we had a real treat afterwards when we met the Waters sisters, Maxine and Julia, two of Neil's backup singers, in the casino and they graciously let us have a photo with them!  They are sooooo sweet.  What a great night!!!
3	They really need to work on training about 50% of their usher staff. They are rude and unhelpful. The venue itself is very nice and the sound is good but their staff just seems like they are being held at gunpoint to be there. I know they can hire good staff some of the staff was amazing but half of the staff either needs retrained or let go.
4	Took my tween here for Justin Bieber last night.  My mini me was excited and I gained a ton of daddy points for this one.  Actually my first concert where there was no lines for beer, I didn't experience any fights, and the men's rest rooms were empty.  Complete opposite at every NFL game, NBA game, and even other concerts. But this review is for the venue.  So, here we go.-I thought the Grand Garden was a bit small.  I considered this a pro because nose bleed seats is still close.  I've been to nose bleed seats where you feel like you'll fall to your death walking to your seats or actually get a nose bleed.-Entrance:  Staff and crowds well organized. -Exit:  Complete opposite then when you arrive.  If you watch the whole event, the crowds on the way out can be bombarding.  I felt like cattle at first.  No big....I played fullback for the night and bouldered my way through.  My daughter had it easy with my NFL style blocking. -Parking:  Use the structure and it's actually quick and easy in/out.  -Valet:  Nope.  Wish they had it for us commoners.  -Staff will help you to your seats if you are lost or can't read your ticket.  TIP:  Since the venue is a bit small, this place can get really loud.  Imagine 10,000+ screaming teens.  If I ever go to another Justin Bieber concert again, I will bring a bag of ear plugs and sell them by the door.  I would have made a killing.
4	I've seen many concerts here and last night, I watched Madonna.  The ushers are always pleasant making my concert-watching experience a delight every time.  Last night some of them were dancing before the concert started - they were so cute and got me pumped up.  It was a sold-out show but with no hassles, no chaos.  Even the stalls to buy merchandise from were well-organized.  The only thing that was holding up the line were people who don't really know what they want to get and what size they wear - seriously?  After standing in line for 20+ minutes, you should have all that figured out.Parking is alright if you get there a few hours before a concert.  Getting out of the parking lot after can take a lot of time and patience. There are a lot of good restaurant options at MGM before a concert and bars after the concert.Overall, my experience at MGM Grand Arena has consistently been positive.  They do such a great job and I wish all concert venues would be as organized.
4	I've only been here once and it was for UFC 148 back in July. After being here for that event, I would absolutely return here for other events. We didn't splurge for great seats - they weren't the cheapest but maybe the second or third cheapest we could get? But, we could still see completely fine. The crowd was energetic and the setup for UFC is fantastic. It's really fun to go here because you can play a little video poker and drink at the bar, then stroll down the corridors to the arena (many restaurants on the way) and if you still have any drink left, they give you a plastic cup to bring into the arena with you. It was fantastic (and I won playing video poker as well as my fight bets so I was happy). The staff was professional and nice, the production was top notch and there was never a line for the women's bathroom (being fight night and all). The concession lines were all pretty short, too. They just know how to do things here and it's very efficient and well-run. My goal for 2013 is to attend two more UFC events so I am certain I'll be back.
5	Its great place to check out a show. Parking a bit hectic but overall service was great.
3	Just saw the Eagles who were very good. 5 Joe Walsh songs.  But review is for the arena. Sound was great and our seats were great, section 12, row b.  The ushers were very distracting. Constantly standing in our view and hassling everyone for filming on their phones.  If we go there again we would sit a few rows higher.  Getting out of the arena was awful.  Everyone was going out the same way.
4	One of the better concert venues I have attended. Very clean, and easy to find my seat. The scary part was leaving the concert. The entire arena is shuttled out through two small doors like cattle. We spent an hour standing and shuffling. Not a fan of that.
3	Attended the Bon Jovi concert this past weekend at the MGM Grand Garden arena.  For a place which seats 16,000, I must say the space appears small, which has its good and bad's.  The good thing is the acoustics were pretty good considering our seats were high in the upper level on the other side of the arena.The minus is lack of entrances so traffic flow in and out of the venue can become a bottleneck at points. As I was watching the concert I pictured how close my seats would be for a sporting event and I gotta say they would not be that bad.  Overall I had a great experience here, I'm used to some of the best arenas in the world (See: Palace of Auburn Hills) so I cannot give this place 5-stars, but I'm sure after a sporting event my review will increase!
2	Went here for the 2013 Billboard Music Awards and was not impressed with the audio in this arena. My friend received comped tickets to the show so of course we were up in the nosebleed section but it was so hard to understand what people were saying on stage because they don't have loud speakers facing the audience on the side. They only have loud speakers facing the crowd that are facing the stage so based on the crowd reaction it seemed like they could understand what was being said on stage.  However where we were sitting, the sound was totally muffled and we could barely see anything on stage so we had to use binoculars. There were big screens to the right and left of the stage which showed what the cameras were showing but they were hard to see because of trusses or some kind of ceiling support that was blocking our view. The food at the arena was pretty bad too, even for arena standards. I think I had some nachos and some spicy chicken strips and it was pretty bad. If you ever attend an event here, just remember to eat somewhere else before going inside. The seats were typical arena seats, crammed like sardines and if someone wants to get out of the row then everyone has to stand up.  No minus stars here, just an observation.The Billboard Show was pretty cool, got to see more than 30 stars and singers all at the same event.  Just wish the venue was better.
4	Great venue for a concert!! Came to Vegas for my 1 year wedding anniversary this past weekend 8/1/13-8/4/13. I bought tickets to Bruno Mars concert as my wife's anni present. 1 year anni is paper, tickets are paper!! This venue is awesome for a concert, and Bruno Mars didn't disappoint. Any lower section at this venue for a concert is a good seat. I would not recommend any section in 200's. We were in section 109 on the second to last row on the aisle, row GG. Very good seats. Don't have to stand if you don't want because no one is in front of you. If you can get one section over like 111, go for it, even better, but try to get aisle seats. Aisle seats are 12 and 13. This concert had great sound, great lighting, and effects. I know each artist is different, but your view is great no matter what the artist decides to do. One negative is getting out of the place after the event is over. Every event I've been here, UFC, concerts, always places merchandise booth at the exit in a bottleneck of people trying to get out. Not good.
4	The MGM Grand Arena is a great place to experience concerts. I find overall it is great!  You do have to have some basic knowledge to make your experience a bit better:  We went to see Bruno Mars here and it was a blast....a. Parking - The MGM has plenty of self parking and this is the best option as if you do Valet, you will wait plenty long time with many others who have done Valet just like you.  The self parking is all covered and fairly easy to get to.b.  Timing - I am not a huge concert goer, and we got there at 645 pm for an 800 pm start time. That was really great for parking as many people were coming in. However, really poor as it seems that the first act plays the first hour and so you don't see the main attraction or Bruno Mars in this case till 9:00 pm.  Next time I would come early for parking, then eat (with reservations) at one of the many restaurants, then mosey on over to the arena.  This will work great as long as you don't need any t-shirts or concession foods, as the lines are long...c.  The seats - All the seats are pretty good. I have been in the high altitude places and also in the nicer second tier area just above the floor.Views are fine, the seat comfort is good and you have sufficient space for your legs. d.  Security - There is security at the entryway and bag checks as well as xray.  Just give yourself time as these will all take time. e.  Bathrooms - Plenty, plenty of toilets for the masses.  I did not see a long ladies line, so some type of planning must have been done well. I like this place for concerts.  While the Joint at the Hardrock is smaller and intimate, this place is pretty cool.
5	Went to a concert on 8/31/13 here at the Grand Arena and we had a Ahhmazing time. Good drinks, good seats, good times!
4	Concert experience was amazing here. So I was on a family vacation here in Vegas and wife, sister, and I decided to catch the TI and Lil Wayne concert. It was a great show and the venue was good. It is a small venue so being in the nose bleed sections next to the wall was actually a great seat. I was located to the right of the stage and I was still able to see every performer and their facial expressions which could have been worst if I was across from the stage. The sound and the pyrotechnics were well executed and they left me memorized. I guess my only complaint was the drinks. I asked for two double long island ice teas and they came out to $34. I know they are doubles but with a city filled with drink specials I didn't expect that price. Also the bartender expressed his dislike that the $4 bottle of water had to be poured in a cup. I think that is weird but there must be some good reasoning's behind it. I just hate that it made carrying three drinks a circus act during a busy concert. All in all I enjoyed my time there and I would definitely go back to see other events.
2	I've been to the Grand Garden Arena for the Jermain Taylor vs. Bernard Hopkins fight back in 2005, a Rush concert, and two Frozen Fury preseason hockey games. At each event I attended, it seems clear to me that the place just was not built with entrance and exit efficiency in mind. Every attendee at the arena enters and exits through one solitary portal. Last week for the Rangers vs. Kings preseason hockey game, it took so long for the crowd to slowly shuffle into the arena that myself and my friends missed half of the first period. Not to mention I was getting ragged on the whole entire time in and out by Kings fans because I had been wearing my beautifully superior Rangers jersey. The arena itself is small enough that the nosebleed seats aren't half bad! The beer lines weren't a disaster and were acceptably priced at $8.50 for a 12 oz. cup or $12 for a tallboy of Corona or Bud Light. I didn't get a chance to try the chicken fingers or wings, but someone in my row had them and they smelled delectable.
4	You can catch me here every year for Frozen Fury, an LA Kings exhibition game, usually against the Av's. It's pretty hard to find a seat in this place without an obstructed view. Typically, you want to sit center ice for a hockey game. Well, if you're sitting center ice (in 114/214) the action tends to disappear in the corner. (118/218)Yeah, the arena wasn't built for hockey. So why do I go?It's Vegas, it's always a good time. Other than playoffs, it's probably the most raucous crowd, filled with LA's die-hards. Hang out in the casino before the game and you're bound to spot a player. See you next year. GKG!
5	Went here for a Frozen Fury (LA Kings Annual Preseason Hockey Game) and every seat is great.  The arena looks huge on TV but when you're there it's small.  I'm sure its a great place to watch boxing, UFC and concerts.  The seats were not too bad (and I'm a big guy) and accessibility from the hotel wasn't hard at all.
2	Meh is right. Came to this venue for the Sensation White Event and was horrified by the set up. The employees had no idea where anything was and nothing was labeled. Even the bars were tough to come across. Overall they really needed to step up their game considering tickets were going for @250 a piece.
3	The venue itself is great, but feeling like slow moving cattle while entering and exiting really ruins the experience. The traffic to leave the garage is horrible! Drinks are pricey but large. Consider having dinner or drinks on property after the show to avoid traffic frustration.
1	Audiophile's be aware, this venue is HORRIBLE for live music events!  I've been to a concert twice and the experience was equally bad.  Details follow:Audio:  1/10 - Master output set to a level that would be suitable for a venue like Madison Square Garden but this place is about a fifth the size.  Major clipping all night on the lows.   The base and drums pounded you to death while mid tones and vocals were virtually washed out (under balanced), leaving the sound muddy and the lyrics indistinguishable.    A terrible application of otherwise quality equipment.I was in pain all night from the volume and left with my ears ringing.  I witnessed many people holding their ears and leaving early.Lighting Effects: 8/10Seating and crowd flow: 7/10Prices: 5/10Restrooms: 6/10Climate: 8/10Parking/valet: didn't useAn event other than a concert might be good here but for an audio focused gig, this place is a bust.
3	Been here a few times over the years for various concerts or events and it's a pretty decent venue. There's really not a bad seat in the house since it's not that large of an arena and I've been satisfied sitting on both the lower and upper levels. It really depends on how the stage is set up. Sound quality is ok...if you're here for a concert, sometimes the music can be so loud that you can't hear the lyrics unless the performer is shouting into the mic.The staff and ushers are generally pretty helpful and security isn't too much of a hassle. Concession prices are pretty standard and a rip off like any other arena, although beers aren't too bad @ $8.50 each. My only gripe is that there is only one exit so it takes forever to get out of the arena after an event is over! Parking at MGM is also a big hassle if there's an event going on in the arena, especially during fight nights. I generally park at another nearby strip casino and walk down to MGM to avoid the line leaving the parking garage.
3	Watched a preseason laker game here against the sacramento kings and it was a fun experience as we pretty good seats.Upon arriving I told the attendant we had tickets and she pointed us in the line to purchase tickets which was rather long.  We stood in line for about 10 min before asking again to make sure and this time she said we didn't have to stand in line and we can just go in, wtf man what a waste of time!Lines for food and drinks were rather lengthy and took awhile.
3	I was here for UFC 167. The GOOD: View from the nose bleed was pretty darn good, so there's almost no bad seats. The sounds was great, but sometime a little too loud. The BAD: food was very low quality and overpriced, the seats were cramped and uncomfortable, and the exits were tough to get thru when the event was over. All in all, it was great for the events but I would never eat there and I might bring a cushion to sit on next time.
4	Had been told that this was smaller than a lot of arenas in other cities. Was here for the Justin Timberlake show on 11/29. When I went to look for tickets it was kind of a late descision and there was not much to choose from-I figured getting as close as I could was a good idea. I knowingly bought tickets with an "obstructed" view. Well imagine my surprise as we got to our seats and they were pretty much on top of the stage. Yes, Justin's back was to us a lot of the time but the view was way better than other peoples who probably paid more. The place seems well run and well kept would definitely check out other shows if I am in town again.
2	It's not true one reviewer said there's no bad seats in the house. Try sitting for the entire show in the nose bleed section on the top level. We went for the Andrea Bocelli show on Dec 7th and bought those seats because someone wrote on yelp there's no bad seats in the house!! Big mistake! Pay a little more to get better seats, it's worth it.
4	I've been here twice for concerts, and the venue is small enough that it seems there isn't a bad seat in the house (as long as you're not sitting WAY up top). Sections L1-3 are good if you're not willing to pay for floor.If you're getting a drink, make it a double! Beats having to wait in a long line twice. That, or drink before. And after. Or all of the above. IT'S VEGAS! :)
3	I was here for the Justin Timberlake World Tour and I thought it was a good small/intimate venue. Although my seat was a couple of rows from the top, I was still able to see the stage clearly and didn't have to squint too much during the concert. My only grip that evening was the sound, which was too loud at certain instances. There were times that it drowned out a lot of singing. Being that it was a small venue, the space felt very alive when it was packed with people.Since the area is located in the far back of the MGM Grand, leaving the venue is the worst. It took a while to get back to the casino floor!
2	Folding chairs, actual metal folding chairs, like from the 80's. Some sections have the typical chairs, but a few (including section J, for example) are made up entirely of folding chairs.
5	I have gone to a lot of concerts, and this was my first time at the Garden Arena. I was very impressed!!  The concert venue itself is a lot smaller than I had expected. Even the nose bleed seats looked acceptable.  We sat on the floor, just behind the middle aisle. A couple of times, people would try to come stand (in front of us) and the staff would usher them off.  Great sound as well!!
4	Awesome venue for UFC! (we were here for 168 and saw Anderson Silva break his own leg, poor guy) Great seats, insane sound system, clear TV display, helpful staff, clearly marked seating. Overall, a great experience. The only drawback is that it is LOUD in here! (between the music and the crowd, to be expected though)
4	There's only three reasons to ever come to the MGM Grand Garden Arena: (1) boxing fights, (2) UFC fights, or (3) concerts.  Well, I don't live in Las Vegas (although the empirical evidence implies otherwise), so that rules out concerts.  I've love to go to a Floyd Mayweather fight, but those tickets are damn expensive!  That leaves UFC, and if I ever had to choose a UFC event to go to, UFC 168 was it!You gotta love the arenas attached to the casinos because you never have to go outside.  Makes it easy for pre-gaming...or Starbucks, out of sheer exhaustion.  Either way, a short walk and you're there.  Concourses aren't too bad as they're pretty wide.  But since the arena is one big bowl, there's only one concourse so it has to be able to handle around 15,000 people.  Caused a bit of a problem at the end though, because there's only one concourse and one exit.The arena itself is pretty much designed as one giant bowl, so sightlines are pretty good even if you're far back.  Just note though, the cheapest three price levels for UFC still constituted the entire upper deck (although there is a fairly significant difference between the 2nd row where I was and 20 rows up).  The seats are all plastic from what I was able to see, but at least both the seat and back folded up together so it gave more room when people had to pass by.Sound carries very well in the arena due to the low ceiling.  In fact, almost too well, as I couldn't hear anything Ronda Rousey said in her interview due to the hilariously loud levels of booing she received.  Personally, you come to a live event for the atmosphere and energy, so I was glad that this wasn't an issue.And another perk of being in the casino already is that I was already in the room and ready to roll to Hakkasan right after.  Ok, it's not my favorite club (read my review about it).  But I'm already at MGM Grand, I know people there, and Calvin Harris was playing.  So whatever.All in all, thoroughly enjoyed my experience here aside from Anderson Silva breaking his leg...get well soon.  Next up has to be a Floyd Mayweather fight!
4	Seeing a show here is always a great time.  The arena is great with a good sound system, lighting and screens for those sitting farther away from the stage.  The concessions are plentiful with a wide variety of snacks to choose from.  Of course you pay concession prices but you always have to expect that.   I've been to many various arenas and stadiums across the country.  I wish they would have set up the clothing sales booths in a more convenient area.  It blocked the flow of people exiting which created a huge jam of concert goers.  Otherwise it is a great venue to see your favorite artists entertain!  Enjoy the show!
3	The MGM Garden arena has to be about 20 years old. My sister and I went to see Miley Cyrus on a Saturday night.  I am gonna write this review in Pros and Cons list style.PROS: -Really not a bad seat in the house.-Amazing acoustics for live music.-Has a large capacity.-Drinks/Concessions are ridiculously over priced.-Clean facility.-Friendly staff.Cons: -There is no easy way to the arena. It is a trek. I usually wouldn't complain, but recovering from surgery, I can complain. So, keep that in mind.-The stadium seating is killer on the legs. I am 5'10", when the lady sat down in the seat in front of me, her seat back dug into my shins. I am ONLY  5'10" people. I had to sit side saddle to sit semi-comfortably. -The ushers are a little older (okay, a lot, it's a sign of the economic times) and did little/nothing to help a way too inebriated (barely, if legal age) fellow meandering up and down the stairs- As soon as the show was over (I'm the type to stay seated until the masses clear out), I was urged to get up and get out. I had to make a run to the ladies and I was met with SILVER CURTAIN and was denied entrance to restroom. I get that 11 PM may be past their bed time but they shouldn't close the restrooms as soon as the performance was over. I have seen many great shows here Bette Midler, Britney Spears, Madonna, NSync, Aerosmith, No Doubt, Elton John, and the list goes on... For that, the MGM will always hold awesome memories, but the staff in the joint dinged it a star and the arena could for sure use an update to 20.
1	Very unhelpful for the handicap i asked the mgm employe if i could swirch my ticket and that i have dshd i was toled no
4	The Grand Garden Arena plays host to all major events held at the MGM in Las Vegas.  The venue seats about 16,000 people and pretty much even the nose bleed seats have a good view of whatever attraction you might be there to see.There isn't any annoying echoing from the sound system and seats are standard stadium style uncomfortable plastic seats.  There is a decent amount of rest rooms and vendors located inside the arena along with a ton of shops and restaurants along the walk to get to the arena itself.This was our third event here and other than the pain in the butt of using Ticketmaster I have no complaints.
4	At the Grand Arena for a conference. Great venue. I don't know how many it seat but I would guess 16,000 or so. Easy to find you way around. The staff is knowledgeable and very helpful. My one piece of advice is when exiting the event,  go DOWN to the event level and exit outside. It will save you a lot of time,  and if your claustrophobic,  a lot of anxiety. The main level exit is very congested as there is only four doors to exit the building (into the lobby,  which exits into the casino). To clarify,  I don't mean four giant arena style doors. I mean four single doors. So when 16,000 people are leaving an event it doesn't exactly clear quickly. Drop to the event level. Go out under the bleachers. Exit outside and go around. Don't be a sheeple!
4	"Love This Arena!"I have been to plenty of boxing matches as well as concerts! I'd say the best concert I went and saw here had to be the Mrs. Carter Tour! Beyonce KILLED the stage at the MGM Grand Arena! I I always suggest that if the concert you are going to is here to also stay at the hotel as well! Makes the commute so much more eaiser! The food inside is expensive as you know what though!
4	This arena has great seating. I was here in May for a conference with my company/private Joe Nicols concert they sponsored and there is truly not a bad seat to have. The seats themselves get really uncomfortable after a long period of time, but thats to be expected. The staff here were very helpful, and when there was a medical emergency during our conference they were on it right away! Good to know you don't have to worry too much when you are here that you will go without prompt emergency care if needed. The only negative I can think of about this place, is that for how many people it holds, its very very crowded when coming/going. But I guess thats what happened when 14,000 people are all trying to go get lunch at the same time!
4	We got last minute tickets to Lady Gaga for just $38 on StubHub.com and I was so excited to go to this concert housed in the MGM!!! Upon a friend's suggestion we arrived at the MGM around 5pm so we could find parking and eat dinner on property. As we all know, Las Vegas is a weird place where if the stars align it's possible to get stuck in traffic on the strip for days and it can take just as long to walk through a property because of the sheer size.The people watching at a Lady Gaga concert is a close second to seeing Lady Gaga perform. The costumes, oh the costumes!!! Bubbles dresses, mermaids, women in gold leotards, men in gold leotards, every leather outfit imaginable and colored wigs galore! We got through the gate at around 7pm and it was smooth sailing to our seats. Check in is really easy and they're very organized.The concession was another story as I ordered a churro and when I bit into it what I got was an ice cold churro popsicle. The lady at the counter was nice enough to give me a refund but I thought it weird that she didn't even ask if I wanted a new one.  Another downside to our experience was that the video screen was blocked by a beam so that was a bit disappointing but well, we did have the world's most awesome nosebleed seats. I mean they were $38...BUT I can say that the sound was phenomenal and we had a BLAST!!!!!!!! Ga-ga-oooooo-la-la! I'm pretty sure I'm going to be a #LittleMonster for life!
5	Came to see Lady Gaga here. This place is a great sized venue. I usually go see her at the Staples Center in Los Angeles which seems so huge compared to this place. I was so happy I was able to bring in my Fat Tuesday and drink it in the venue. That was awesome. The sound quality and visibility from the pit was great. We all had so much fun. The worst part as always is trying to leave. Its like a stampede! But I had a great time here. I'm definitely coming to see more concerts here.
4	Always fun!! And is surrounded with a lot of very good restaurants as well!
4	I've come here twice for Justin Timberlake. Once, I sat in the top center section. The other time I sat on the floor. Both spots are great! It was easy entrance both times I attended. I had no problems going in or finding my seat and the security check was easy and quick. The sound is great! I love that it's a little smaller of an arena. I believe its 14,000. I had no issues with sound or visuals. I really don't think there's anything wrong with this arena other than the fact that there's no cup holders. It's not a major issue, but it's strange. The plus about this place is that they allow you to bring in drinks! Don't come without one, so that you can avoid paying the ridiculous prices that you are usually forced to pay at concerts. Bring it in a plastic cup and you're fine. If you bring it in a glass, there's even employees at the entrance handing out plastic cups for you to pour your drink in! Where else do you get to bring in your own drinks to a concert?!MGM sometimes offers hotel/show deals which can cause a lousy crowd sometimes. If a lot of the crowd got one of these deals, they might not be too into the artist and sit the entire time. When I saw JT the first time in the top section, everyone around us sat the entire time. I kid you not, the whole section. I had no idea why, and it was no fun. JT even asked part way through the concert, "how many of you are here because of some crazy deal from MGM?" And a bunch of people screamed. There you go. The second time I went though (from the floor) it was great. Not even just the floor, but the entire arena was getting into it and having a blast. I think it can be hit or miss on the crowd.All in all, it's a great arena!
4	This is an awesome arena at the MGM! I went to the iheartradio music festival here and it has such a great stage! My friend and I sat on the side but even though the view was "obstructed," we could still hear and see everything that was going on stage.
4	I came to the arena recently for the Katy Perry concert. I parked in the MGM parking garage and followed the signs to the arena. A good 10-15 minute trek depending on how high your heels are. There were plenty of event staff around to point you in the right direction. There was a metal detector that I had to walk through before entering. There were plenty of concession stands to chose from. Most are cash only which helps keep the lines moving. Bathrooms were spacious which also helps with long lines. I didn't see one single usher once I started making my way to my seat which was unusual. The seats... they are very wide even for a large caboose to feel comfortable in for 2 hours. Also a big plus.. there was ample space for my legs. I didn't bump my shins into the seat in front of me once during the entire night-score! The view of the stage and big screens was very nice from my row Q in section 10. Exit was rather easy. The crowd made its way to the many exits and back up the walkway and back down to the parking garage.
4	Just went and not a bad seat in the house for the LA King's Frozen Fury. Most places have great seats anywhere for hockey games, however this place leaves every seat intimate. You could be at the top and still have great seats. We loved the experience and will be back year after year. My biggest complaint was that there were no water fountains. I was able to bring in my drink in a plastic cup, which saved me some money on alcohol, but left me parched when I had to purchase a $4 bottle of Arrowhead.
3	Another year, another Frozen Fury, and another disappointing experience with poor sight lines, inability to see the scoreboard from several angles, and drunken fans acting like fools.  Always a good game as each team seems to put forth maximal effort to please the Kings-heavy crowd it is a shame that the venue is so ill equipped to support the game in a manner befitting its yearly tradition.
5	This arena is awesome! why becasue this is where they hold Frozen Fury! GO KINGS GO! The set up is great, no bad seat in the house. The flow/ layout is nice. only bummer is getting out, as with any arena, everyone leaves at once and it gets a little jam packed with drunk people. The arena is very well staffed and has a ton of security.
5	This is a great venue. We were just there for the Kings game we go every year and there is not a bad seat in there. Also love the fact you don't need to walk through casino to get there. We have kids and don't really like to take them through casino especially on a weekend night so this back entrance is wonderful!
4	The arena is super convenient if you're staying in the hotel, but it's really cold, and the ushers don't let you go down to your seats during all parts of the game. You're supposed to wait until a "pause." It's not the theater, so I don't see why they're so strict about this. It's not like you're really going to disturb the nacho-munching spectators who are drunkenly yelling at the players. Seriously. Also, the lines for the bathroom and food were fairly packed.
4	Nice place to see large concerts! I had just seen The Eagles concert here, and the sound was excellent. It is a very large arena though, so expect to pay a lot for closer seating. There are large TV monitors so that you can see what's happening on stage. I sat in section 2 which is straight back from the stage, first level off of the floor and I was satisfied with the seats.
5	I love this venue!! Self-Parking=  FreeAir conditioning= works, and well I might add. Restroom situation= crazy good. Clean, barely any lines, paper towels & tissues accessible to all. First time in my life I've ever seen the sinks adorned with shelves and tissue boxes. Nice touch! Sound: from the floor and the stands: phenomenal-- and my ear drums are still intact. Accessibility: getting in and out of the arena had been a breeze. Depending on what time you get in (planning ahead and coming early is a strong suggestion), it's a little bit of a shuffle to the doors, but there are plenty of tables, slot machines, shops and eateries to stop by before actually getting to the entryway. Staff: Sweet! What!? I don't have to throw my glass-bottled drink away before coming in?!? You have a plastic cup for me to put my drink in?! Wow... the airport security could learn a few things from you guys! Helpful, friendly, happy people is all I've encountered. These people have been schooled in customer service and it shows! MGM Grand Garden Arena is the host with the most-- in comparison to all the other concert venues. In my eyes, they can do no wrong. This place is has raised the bar!
1	We saw Andrea Bocelli - 12/7/2013.  He put on a great show, but the MGM Garden Arena venue SUCKS!  Hard plastic chairs.  The worst part is it took us an hour to get out of the Arena and snake our way through the district.  There was no intelligent planning when it came to getting a large amount of people out in a reasonable amount of time.  We'll never go back again.
4	Yeah, I saw Phish here, so what?!?  Oh yeah, and I also saw Pacquiao fight here in 2010.  Both times were pretty incredible productions.  Even upon wondering around the halls, you could tell that a lot to work went into maintaining the venue at such as high level.  Also, it wasn't overcrowded when we were entering.
5	Great venue!!! Saw Stevie Wonder there last night. The staff were professional, friendly, and uber generous. You can't always say that about large music venues in California...
5	Saw Justin Timberlake here two nights ago and had the best experience!! Justin was amazing and our seats were surprisingly better than I thought they would be. We were in the front of the upper section (section 104 row cc) with no one directly in front of us so we could see the entire time without having other peoples' heads in the way. I love that the venue isn't gigantic like Staples center so even further back seats don't feel like nosebleeds. The bars and the bathrooms were literally steps away from our seats too! Would definitely come back!!
3	I've been to the MGM Grand Garden Arena for several concerts.  Most recently, I was there for the Stevie Wonder, Songs in the Key of Life Performance.  The arena itself is OK.  I had seats in the second section from the stage in the 5th row off the stage.  They were good seats.  I've also been here when I was at the turn in the horseshoe of seating and the seats were painful to get in and out of.  In addition, I needed the Hubble Telescope to see the performers.The ushers were helpful, Metro was accommodating with approving my camera (the screener at the metal detectors thought it needed special attention).  One complaint, if TM and AXS are going to encourage electronic tickets on smartphones, have more than one line where your entry can be scanned.  It's absurd to move all of us who are not wasting paper to go to one line to get in.  Even the Las Vegas Academy High School can scan smartphone and paper. The arena is always clean--well to start the evening.  Getting out is now a lot easier after the near stampede following one of the large prize fights.  Walk up to the plaza level, go through one of the doors that says exit to stairwell, and down the steps and outside and you're close to the garage.  Generally they don't let you come in this way unless you have floor/VIP seats.  It is the way Mike Tyson came in Saturday night.
1	I was soooo bummed.  Andrea Bocelli was on my bucket list and he is AMAZING but this venue was not worthy.  Incredibly uncomfortable hard plastic stadium seats and poor quality sound system plus pretty steep ticket prices.Getting in and out was no fun.  Fortunately I was with a friend that knew what to expect.  Unless you are staying at MGM, definitely get there VERY early and be prepared to be gouged for food and wine while you wait (typical strip prices).  The alternative is to park off site and walk/cab in/out because the parking garage is huge and you are going to walk a long way and wait a long time.Unless there's someone I really, really want to see, I wouldn't go again.  I hope I get a chance to see Andrea Bocelli again at a more suitable venue.Bottom line.. may be good for a sporting event but for music - not so much.
3	The only good aspects of this joint are the restrooms that can accomidate many that want to blow up the restroom...matches please.For how much MGM is worth and considering the important event's that are held here (Boxing and Concerts)....Please upgrade something up in this place. I grew up attending various event's here and I also grew up sitting on the same nasty ass old crusty chairs. My ass is flat and the cussion has diminished to what is now just aluminium with a cloth over it. If you have been to MSG, it is quite similar. Some type of upkeep would be nice thanks.
4	Great place to catch a show. I don't think there is a bad seat in the house. I watched Aerosmith  and lady Gaga there last summer. When it comes to areana this one seems smaller than most but I think that is what mashes it good. You can get a good view from almost any seat. I would not hesitate to go to another show here.
5	Awesome venue for a fight.  Attended the Khan-Alexander fight here on Sat. Dec. 13th.Ill agree that theres not a bad seat in the house.  Our tickets were in sec 7 row S and we had a great view.  Noticed a half empty row right next to the ring in section 13 a couple rows up from the floor (ours were facing the corner of the ring) and were not hassled by the usher to show our tickets when we went down there.  A couple other dudes also snuck down and the usher did notice but simply told them to move once the folks who actually had tickets got there (which I thought was pretty cool).  The seats were almost too good!  A little too close and the ropes were blocking some of the action so we moved up about 10 rows where we were about 12-15 rows from the floor and our view was PERFECT.If youre going to attend a fight here and are worried (like I was) of having a good view, trust me, you will have a good view no matter where you sit.  I bet you'll even have a decent view from the upper sections (which were curtained off for this event).I would post a picture but we all know phone pics look much further away for events than they do in real life so I decided not to.Entering was a breeze.  Exiting was a breeze.  Mind you, the venue at maximum capacity is around 17k and it was about half that for the event I attended.  Workers here were extremely polite.  Bathrooms were huge (no lines) and clean.  No lines at the concession stands on the night we went either. They allow you to walk in drink in-hand and have a table set up outside with plastic cups for you to pour your drink into and a trash can to dispose of the bottle (no bottles allowed).When leaving, I would HIGHLY recommend taking the monorail.  Its just outside the entrance to the arena and hardly anyone rode it to get out of the MGM after the fight.  We got to Paris to have dinner 15 mins after leaving the arena.Also, re-entry is allowed. You just have to make sure they scan your ticket when leaving.
1	After narrowly being stripped search by the Nazi security staff, which was far more intrusive than TSB, we entered the facility and purchased 4 large waters. The attendant promptly removed all of the lids ??? End result; one water battle fell over and trying to save the one, lost another. I was extremely disappointed with the lack of leg room. I am 6.1 and my knees were in the back of row in front of us. There was no shoulder room for normal sized American adults with any type of shoulders. I was so uncomfortable it ruined the event. At least sardines are packed in seasoned oils. We will NEVER go back to the MGM Grand Garden Arena!!!
4	This was the first time coming here. I was here for a Joey Yung concert. The lightings were fine. The sound system seems to work well. No delay. A nice facility for events.
4	Went to see Joey Yung 1314 concert at the Grand Garden Arena in MGM Las Vegas. The stadium was foggy, which brings a nice concert-like style to it and I know what they are for. Without the fog, the lighting would be pretty miserable. I sat on one of the chairs that were made out of metal that were probably placed inside the stadium for more capacity. Those seats were terrible as they were hurting my buttocks throughout the show. I am not alone on this one... but probably its because of the four hour long drive I took from LA that made my butt so fragile. Anyways, the concert was amazing and fun. The lighting was terrific because they absolutely captured my eyes. The sound was mediocre because sometimes I can hardly hear Joey, the singer, sing. Overall, the stadium is big and nice, but they could definitely get some better seats...
4	Great venue for concert. Saw Justin Timberlake on 1/1/15. Sat in section 203 row R which is the last row in the back. Wasn't as bad as I thought. Most basketball arenas have a section up and this closer. Nice that you can bring in drinks from outside; they even give plastic cups to pour into if you have glass. Quick entry. Quick exit. Monorail access worked perfectly.
5	I have been to the MGM many times for concerts and never had a complaint. As far as large venue concert situations go, they are as good as one can expect. What made me write a review was my most recent experience there. I went to the January 1st Justin Timberlake show. We had decent seats on concourse level and we're all settled in early and ready to go. The people in the seats next to us arrived and were absolutely drunk and insane. Within about ten minutes they had spilled an entire tall boy can of beer on me with no apology and much attitude, and then proceeded to spill another beer in the other direction and get in a loud argument with the people on the other side of them. Then they argued with the security guard that stepped in as well as the people in the row in front of us. My friend and I were uncomfortable and unhappy at the mere idea of having to endure a 3 hour show next to these people. Bummer, when we had been so excited in the days leading up to it. The GGA security and guest relations stepped in and were an absolute dream. They apologized profusely, had all jackets that were spilled on cleaned during the course of the show, and even moved us and the people on the other side of the belligerent couple all the way down to VIP where we were mere feet away from the stage. No problems, no questions asked, situation handled. It turned what could have been a terrible, uncomfortable, and possibly early night into an absolutely incredible one and I'm grateful for their staff and high level of professionalism that they showed. Thanks MGM!
4	Our stay in MGM was very nice. The rooms are spacious, very clean and neat. The hotel amenities are excellent. The only thing I would consider, if I was the hotel manager, pull the loudness of the music in the lobby a bit lower and chill the corridors of the hotel a bit less .
3	It was my first time watching a concert here and when we walked in, we were given tiny flashlights as souvenirs.  The concert was supposed to start at 8 pm but it didn't start until 8:15 pm.  Before the concert started, we were told that we cant video tape or take pictures of the whole event.  I was so bummed after hearing that.  I wanted to take pictures.  Anyways, the seats are really uncomfortable and they were tight with no leg room.  Movie theaters have better seating than this place.  By the time the concert started, everything was great.  However, the music was so loud, some times, you can't even hear the singer sing.  In the end of the concert, I noticed that some people were taking pictures.  Since I didn't know how to turn off the flash on my phone, I ended up not taking any pics.  I wish I did.
