5	Besides having insanely fabulous cookies (mmm chocolate chip chippers), my glowing review is  more about the catering part of this location.I was back in PHX for work and basically used and abused the catering manager (Susan was her name....maybe??).  I'd call her every 5 minutes, needing something completely different, sometimes having my own packaging I'd need her to use, etc.It got to the point where I'd call, say my name, the staff would immediately give her the phone, she'd say ok, it'll be ready in 5...and it was.  This woman saved my life (well...more my job, but still) and my sanity.
4	OK, so Paradise Bakery is a chain restaurant. But, I had lunch there today, so you're going to hear about it. I've had Paradise on several occasions, but this was my first visit to their new Raintree location. Let's cut to the chase. They have the BEST cookies ever! Chewy and 3/4 baked, just the way I like them. And the fact that they include a cookie with you sandwich pretty much eliminates the guilt. There's almost NO chance I'd order a cookie with my lunch. But, throw it in? I'm eating that thing. Before we lose focus, the sandwiches are great. The Tuscan Chicken is phenomenal, but you pretty much can't go wrong with anything you choose. Don't forget the pasta salad. And, did I mention the cookie?
4	Very good sandwiches and wonderful baked goods.  Absolutely the best bread I've ever tasted.
3	They have the best chocolate chip cookies. You can also buy a giant chocolate chip cookie here for special occasions. I have friends who don't like birthday cake so I get them a giant cookie from here instead. The have decent salads, great muffins and quiche and their Paradise Club is served on a croissant and is quite yummy. It can be pricey for a sandwich, but luckily my office caters lunch for us from here quite often so I get to enjoy it for free.
5	I was in Phoenix over the weekend and spent a lot of time at a couple of Paradise Cafes. I mostly had coffee and used the free wi-fi. Great coffee, great atmosphere, a lot of people in the restaurant but not too noisy.
4	This is the best breakfast sandwich anywhere! They ruined it for me,  as now they've posted nutritional information on their web site! My favorite Egg sandwich on a "light" croissant with melted swiss cheese and ham which is 450 calories, 29% fat. It's good that I only visit Arizona a few times per year!The scrambled egg wrap is a whopping 760 calories. Hmm, I'm staying off the web site and living in denial. 46g of fat in that sandwich???......really???.
5	I was on my way back to the airport and decided to stop by here to pick up something to go.  Holy crap...this place is awesome!  I'm usually not a fan of baked goods, but I can keep eating those Chocolate Chip Banana Muffins!  The muffin was really moist and had the perfect amount of chocolate chips and banana.  I also ordered a quiche muffin and it was quite good as well!  I definitely need Danielle to ship me some of those muffins on a weekly basis...I'm still craving them!
4	Paradise Bakery is a great place to eat.  Good food, great service, nice employees (at least at the one on Pima/Raintree).  They have a rewards card, and that has changed at the beginning of the year.  Yeah I know, kind of late but I forgot that I need to write reviews here, so....sorry.It use to be by ten meals and drinks and the the next one was free.  It has changed to by 12 meals, then the 13th is free and they cut out the free drink.Now lately they literally measure in a measuring cup the amount of salad that you get.  Before they just put it in the bowl and mixed.  The amount of toppings for the salads has decreased as well.So, when you get a salad ask for more of the toppings, they will happily put more on for you.  Despite these changes I still like the food, the quality, and atmosphere.  So enjoy.
4	Ok, what I did leave out is the soft drinks have been cut in the amount of the flavoring that is added.  The drinks are very cut down and you are just able to tell the flavor of the drink.
3	I met a friend here for lunch this afternoon. Going to a Paradise Bakery was a regular lunch spot for us back when we used to work together.  The food is fantastic and the cookies are amazing. The big problem for me is the price. My lunch was a sandwich, which comes with a "free" chocolate chip cookie, and a small ice tea. It cost a little more $10. While not exorbitant, still quite a few dollars for a place which is just a step or two over fast food. If I'm paying that much for a drink and sandwich, I would like to have full service. Not order from the counter and have someone bring it out when it's ready. I like hitting Paradise Bakery up once in a while.  If you're looking for good food, it's worth it.  Just be ready to pay a little more for it.
5	This is the best Paradise bakery in the valley due to the inclusion of Panera items. If you're from back east you will love having access to your Panera favorites.It has the best of both worlds with the great Panera bagels, best entrees from both restaurants, and cookies from Paradise. You will not be sorry you chose to eat here.
4	Coooookies!!!It's fall and you know what that means: ginger molasses cookies at Paradise Bakery!  Just when you got tired of the lemon cookies (how could you?), they release their seasonal specialty.  Yum!But if you must have "real" food, they have a great southwest chicken ceasar salad with enough spice to make you guzzle a couple cups of mango iced tea.  Their sandwiches are pretty good, and I'm partial to the turkey with cranberry or the chicken walnut.  Bonus?  You get a cookie for FREE!
4	This is basically the "Panera Bread" of AZ IMO. Great mac 'n cheese. Yummy sandwiches and a great massive customizable salad bar. And it's a pretty large space with lots of seating and menu options.
5	IF you can get in here you will love it! Be warned the Breakfast and Lunch rush can get mobbed. They offer a lot of different options and all that I have tried are excellent.
2	The food for the most part is the same but the portions are getting smaller (a kids fruit cup had 2 pieces of fruit) and prices seem to be going up...
3	Paradise Bakery is one of those places where we use to go at least once a week or more. The cookies are great and the food is very interestingly prepared, BUT with the recent menu changes the quantity of the meats and therefore quality of the food has gone down.  Sorry! I really want to like this place. For example, my family came here recently for lunch and for the three of us the meal cost $33.35. That is one full sandwich, and two 1/2 sandwiches with soup or salad and some cookies to take home for later. My sandwich had only four thinly slices of meat and cheese.  At what point does the lack of substance outweigh the interestingly prepared food?  Like I said I want to like this place, but they're not making it easy.
4	I really like this place and it seems to be the place to network. Everyone that works there is really nice and quite accommodating. It is kept clean, especially for as busy as it gets. If there is one problem it would be the parking...busy times it can be hard to find a space. Worth a try though.
2	Okay been here a couple more times and think I need to update. Of all the places to go this is now maybe my fourth choice. If you are meeting someone, go early to get parking otherwise you'll be later than you expect. The menu has changed and it doesn't rank as high as before - just okay, breakfast is poor and lunch depends on the day. The staff on the floor are hard working and keep it clean, the staff behind the counter is mixed. Some are cordial and others act as if waiting on you is a bother. It might be a networking place to be seen, and it seems to host cliques as if holding court...but it has lost the luster for me.
5	Great sandwiches and salads. Very fresh and clean. Every location is very good and consistent with food preparation and presentation. The cookies are great too. Very good place for family and casual dates. The prices are very reasonable and portions are a good size.
5	Never got around to adding my review.  What great tastes and wholesome food in a clean place for a great price. *****
4	I had never, ever been recognized because of Yelp...until a few days ago!I was frankly concerned that the first time someone recognized me because of Yelp, it would be in connection with one of my less "flattering" reviews.And I take very seriously, the old adage "never mess with people that prepare and handle your food"!So I was surprised and delighted (and more than little relieved) that my "first time" was with Jennifer, at this Paradise Bakery outpost!Jennifer was sweet and friendly, she was even complimentary about my humble attempts to create interesting reviews!I not only appreciate her reading my little stories, I really appreciated her saying "Hi"!The Beautiful Carin and I used to frequent this PB when we lived in Scottsdale Mountain, but I hadn't been here in some time.We would have a croissant or a muffin and drink refill after refill of PB's very good coffee, read our Sunday papers and plot and plan the week ahead.It was and is a great spot to just hang out!One of my clients suggested it as a place to meet...and since they have pretty decent baked goodies, good coffee, free wifi and, of course, Jennifer (and a lot of nice people like Jennifer helping you at PB), I said "why not".Have you noticed that almost no one (including me, BTW) meets at their offices anymore...or at least rarely?Out of 8 client meetings in Phoenix this week, 3 were at an office...the rest took place at a coffee shop, or a restaurant, or on a park bench late at night (OK, I'm kidding about that last one...probably).This location is my favorite of all the PB's (and judging from my PB Frequent Flyer Card, I have clearly been to nearly all of them, so I think I'm qualified to judge).Drop by, grab a Lemon Poppyseed Muffin (unless you have a drug test scheduled for later in the day), a bottomless cup of coffee, fire up the iPad and make this place your office away from the office.And say "Hi" to my new friend, Jennifer!
4	A cafe is a cafe is a cafe....right? Well, yeah. Of course.On Friday, I had to run a quick errand in the area, and popped in for lunch. Service was pretty fast. Picked up a delicious ham and swiss sandwich on multigrain bread. Everything came out as ordered, and relatively quick. Very tasty. The meat wasn't slimy, the cheese was perfect, and the veggies were crisp and delicious. Just a hint of mustard. It was the kind of sandwich that made my afternoon. Also, I got a free chocolate chip cookie. Everyone gets one. Usually I get free stuff because I am quite the charmer, but you can feel special here. The staff is very nice. Friendly.The Iced Tea selection is pretty cool too!My lunch was a touch on the pricey side. About nine bucks. Oh well. Who cares. At least it was worth it.I'm coming back to try some of the other sandwiches too. If you want to see what mine looked like, check out the picture I uploaded.Over and out.
3	Paradise's prices have always gotten to me, on the high end, but the salads are tasty and seem reasonably priced at this location when I compare it to salad offerings at other nearby places (Bagel Nosh - yuck!).  However, for the price of a whole salad, why no cookie??I am disappointed that they took wraps off the menu and they moved away from the iced teas they previously carried, especially the peach.  I don't care for the new offerings.
3	If you eat lunch out in the Metro Phoenix area, chance are you've had PB, and know the food definitely good.That being said, this one gets a lower rating for service. I used to order lunch from here on a daily basis for my office (take out). My boss is obsessed with soup and sanwiches for lunch, and we are up the street, so this was the obvious place. I swear they messed up my order almost every single time. Everytime it was a wrong item, wrong modifier, wrong amount of cookies, forgot an item altogether,etc. I can memorized about ten orders in my head and check them for accuracy when I get there. I just dont understand why they cannnot do the same given they are in the lunch biz, enter the order in thier computer, and read it back to me mulitple times!We finally moved on to other soup/sandwich locations in the area, and most of them have much better accuarcy. :)They have some menu items at this location that are different than others, and they are good so that is a plus. Also, if you are at any PB location, pick up a box of black and white chippers! They are fab.
4	Lots of menu items that aren't available at other PBs.  Everything tastes good.  Wish they had a green iced tea option.
5	Love this place. Love it. As with most places in the Raintree/FLW area, during lunchtime it gets superduper busy. They have a good layout, and a TON of seating, so this location doesn't get too bad. They always have a friendly greeter handing out cookie bits while you wait in line, and the line moves quick. The menu is well laid out (better than other Paradise locations) and the food is top notch.Their side (overflow) room is great for seating a group of people, and they have a tv in there too (unusual for Paradise). Couldn't be better. Plus they have free wifi. Bring the laptop and stay a while.Only complaint is that its a tiny bit pricy, but considering what you get, its worth it. Half salad, half sandwich, drink and a cookie (best part) is around $10.
3	I've struggled with a rating for this place for a long time and would give it a 2 1/2 stars but will round up to 3 stars since the 2 1/2 rating isn't available.My sons had the ham and cheese sandwich and I had the Smoked Turkey Panini and my wife had a 1/2 chicken salad sandwich and a salad. The food was good and my wife really enjoyed the salad. The Smoked Turkey Panini was A-OK, but pales when compared to a Panera bread. For example, the bread was not completely toasted on the outside. In other words, one side of the sandwich was white bread without that grilled look of a panini sandwich. My Wife's salad was delicious, the salad included walnuts, mandarin oranges, blueberries, regular lettuce, etc. and a very tasty salad dressing.The total bill was $33.13 for 4 people without drinks. We were initially given 3 chocolate cookies for 4 people; we were given 2 sugar cookies after we alerted them of their initial shortfall. I guess they ran out of cookies.
5	Paradise Bakery owns my heart. All their food is so good and its not too pricey. The employees have always been very friendly and very quick. This place gets pretty busy around lunch time, but there is extra seating that they can open up if it does get to busy. Great place for sure!
3	This is a decent lunch spot - good sandwiches and good selection of other items.  However, it is also a great place to hang out with friends.  The staff will let you stay all day - play cards, work on the computer, you name it.  On afternoons there is a whole room of people just playing games.  They have free wifi, ample space and great warm baked treats
3	I want to give this place more stars, really I do. But last time I went, I asked for my salad to go and wanted a half salad but it looked like it was only half of the half salad. Also, I can never seem to find a fork when I need one. Last two times I went, I had to have staff behind the counter grab a fork for me. I know it gets busy and understand but majority of people are going to have salad with their meals and we need a fork. Maybe when I go, it's off days for me because I know my friends love this place. I will give it another chance.
5	I wanted to update my review based on my last experience.As usual, I ordered a half salad and decided to get the southwestern Caesar. I asked for onions and the nice guy behind the counter happily put them on top of my salad. The salad for a half size looked awesome. I also decided to try their baked potato soup and some sugar cookies for the fun of it.All I have to say is everything was great! Salad was filling, soup was soo good I didn't want to stop eating it but had to because I was full. And the sugar cookie was one of the best I have had. I also was able to get a fork and noticed they were not lacking available utensils like the last few times. I left a very happy camper.
3	I use to love this place...would do anything to go there; but since they changed their menu...I just don't like it as much.  Their portions are tiny and their price increased...how does that happen?!?!Anyway, I am sure you can find a number of other places with better food close to any Paradise Bakery...
2	Salads/Sandwich's are decent/Good, Desserts are what makes them stand-out. The wait during rush hour (lunch) is a joke. Feel's like a grade school cafeteria line. Guys/Gals with there briefcases who need too much room and think there overly important. And the best part you ask? The parking lot is a cluster, And with this location being so busy you think Paradise would come to there senses and move to a more suitable/larger building. Also, only two stars because price wise should be cheaper IMO
3	I'm a regular, mostly out of convenience.  The food is good and fresh and made to order which I really like.  The menu selection is pretty vast however I usually stick to the half bbq chicken salad which I can't get enough of.The prices have gone up a little bit in the past few months but still a good deal.  Service is pretty spot on here unless you go at the lunch rush, which then is just madness.
1	This place ALWAYS sucks. Waited 10 min in the only line to order a scone. Once I got to th head of the line, the guy behind the counter told me he couldn't get it for me but he'd get someone who could. Really, you can't put a scone that's 10 feet away in a bag? But you can walk about 40 feet and go through a door for 2-3 minutes to get someone else to do it while we all continue to wait? So anyway, he comes back out and takes next person in line while I wait 10 more min for someone to finally come out from the back (seriously I timed it). Then that person told me she had to make sandwiches first. Seriously? Put a scone in a dang bag. So at this point I left irritated because of 20 min wait & still didn't get the scone I came in for. Instead I drove up the street to Wildflower where I was in & out with a scone in 4 minutes...with a line. Take note Paradise, this is one reason why Wildflower is so much better than you (aka you suck). Paradise is more like Paradise Lost...I won't be back.
5	Fresh tasty sandwiches, excellent cookies. Fast somewhat self service, busybusy even at 2pm during the week.
3	This Paradise location is one of the noisiest locations I have ever been to. Keep that in mind if you are planning a lunch business meeting. Otherwise the service is great!
4	Went here for something sweet after the bar.  The young lady behind the counter recommended the cream cheese brownie.  My goodness this was beyond amazing.  Incredibly sweet but not too sweet.  Tasted very fresh.  Considering I was coming later in the day this is never a certainty.  Plus the brownie got it;s on little box, which was just a nice touch.
3	I've been to a few different Paradise Bakeries before and this one is no different. You can either call ahead or wait in line. Sometimes, waiting in line is worth it as there's this really sweet lady who walks around handing out fresh from the oven cookies. I normally order a sandwich (bacon turkey bravo) but their soups and salads are good too. I like their french onion soup the best and the roll that comes with it is a perfect accompaniment. The food is consistently good and the employees are generally friendly and accommodating. The one thing I don't like is the location. Sure, it's close to work and is perfect for lunch, but the parking is atrocious. It's difficult to get in, it's difficult to get out, and good luck finding a space! I'd recommend coming either before or after the lunch rush.
1	I used to love the Turkey Cranberry sandwich.  It has changed for the worse.  Now just a couple of crappy slices of turkey that look like something from the back of my fridge.  The cookie quality has declined as well.
5	The awesome catering manager I was talking about is still there...and still awesome!Catering orders $50+ they will deliver for a $10 fee. Ask for a catering menu and they'll include a 10% off coupon for orders $100+.Love the staff!  Clearly they enjoy their jobs!
4	Walnut chicken sandwich is my favorite here! AND it comes with a chocolate chip cookie!! Awesome :)
3	I'm not going to lie to you, I'm not a fan of Paradise Bakery. I think it's expensive, pretentious, foods no good, and just the epitome of everything fake and bad in Scottsdale.  But I do have to say, I have invented the best dang sandwich Paradise Bakery could possibly make for you. Check it out, it's simple. Ham & Swiss on a croissant! Also get it without that crumby mustard sauce they wanna put on it. Just croissant, ham, Swiss, mayo, and regular mustard and this is basically the best sandwich the PB can make you! (But fair warning, it will be expensive.) Also I want to say that their croissants are not even that good. When the dude you work with starts telling you how PB's croissants are "to die for" you immediately tell him he's a momma's boy for saying that horse trash and then call him out on the internet. That's right, I'm stating that these croissants are a'ight and since I did it right here on Yelp, I freakin' win because someday in the future some kid is going to be writing his research paper on Paradise Bakery and come across my Yelp account and he'll be all, "and they had a'ight croissants!" (Spohn, Yelp).  I need to get another thing off my mind, this sandwich didn't come with that pasta salad. You have to pay extra for it and it's like $5 or something. Meanwhile the sandwich comes with a cookie was like $9 and then a drink was like $3, so seriously, this was a $16 or $17 lunch! Funk that!!! Don't buy the pasta. It's not that good or worth it. $5 could feed a college student Ramen noodles for a month.  Also let's talk about the cookie. Ya'll are on crack thinking PB has the best cookies. They're not even cooked all the way and not in the that, "Yum! so soft and fresh way," but like they are straight up, not even done cooking way. Cookies suck yo.
4	Clean, quick, good service and excellent salad/sandwich options.
1	BEWARE- Food Dye in soup. Only 2 of their soups were labeled AN - 'All Natural.'  Hmm... So what makes the Tomato Soup not receive the all natural label? Of course I asked - seemed to be the shift manager that day in the salad bar area said she would check for me (but acted quite annoyed to have to go through the process). I did not want to bother anyone but if I am going to be eating something - and/or feeding it to my child, I would certainly like to know what the heck is in it. She let me know that the Tomato soup has Red and Blue Food Dye. Seriously Paradise??? Have they never seen the studies that Food Dyes are dangerous for kiddos? It is really frustrating when businesses advertise something that is seemingly healthy-ish (don't get me wrong I assumed there was some cream) - but really they are throwing scary additives.   Moral of the story - visit the local restaurants who make things from scratch, and don't need to dye their tomato soup to make it red. Tomatoes are red!
4	I really enjoy this location, it's really huge.  Service is fast and consistent.  Like all other Paradise locations, there's a great variety of menu items.The only real downside to this location is that parking is simply awful during the lunch rush in the middle of the week.
3	Stopped in for a bite of breakfast and a coffee with the kiddo.  They'd been open not very long but the selection on the pastries was slight.  Coffee was great, the breakfast sandwich was fine (but a tad greasy), but I still expect more, I guess.  I worked for PB when I was younger and I just don't feel like (on this day at least) it was up to par.
1	Disorganized and inefficient.  Waited 20 minutes for a sandwich, name called, confirmed my order, and I drive 10 miles home.  Wrong sandwich.  Call them up, and told I can come back and pick up the right one!  I guess that if you spend your money at this location, be sure to unwrap and physically inspect the sandwich before leaving property.
1	Not impressed... The staff was not very courteous. I ordered a turkey sandwich with lettuce, tomato, provolone, mayo and mustard... Ended up with a Turkey, Bacon and Cheddar Panini. Swing and a miss... Nice try. It's a good thing I asked for the extras like mayo and mustard, because they aren't going to tell you what comes on it unless you ask. The salad didn't seem to offer up a lot of vegetable options, mostly different lettuces and lots of dressing, bacon, cheeses and such.  The bread was soft and cookie was nice... Not really worth the money though.
5	This location is close to my work and that makes it an easy one to go to for lunch.  They are always quick to get food ready, which is nice if you are in a hurry to get back to work. The staff always seems to be friendly and welcoming as soon as you walk in the door.Their mac and cheese is addictive - you've been warned! The cookies are buy one, get one free and the chocolate chip is my favorite one to add to a small order of the mac and cheese.There is a decent amount of parking since this location is in a strip that has other stores.  I would recommend trying to go on off lunch times (early or late) in order to avoid the rush - but that applies everywhere, right?Overall: A Yay mac and cheese and cookies!
4	I'm not the biggest fan of Paradise Bakery. Only because it's so busy when I go in there around meal times. However if you get there really early in the morning it's empty and everything is fresh and warm. The employees are really nice people. In fact I came in and bought the chocolate babka so often that on their last day of serving it (it was seasonal) the manager David gave me a whole babka cake on the house! So rad.
3	I'm here at this moment. Not too happy with the lack of service. I was standing in one of 3 unmarked lines, had 2 women blatantly cut in front of me and the girl at the register helped them anyway. I then walked over to a different register to ask where I could pick up my order, my office ordered lunch earlier and it should be ready. The girl at the register saw me walk up to her and wait for her to give the customer her change,but instead of asking me if I had a question she just beckoned over the next person. I made eye contact again and told her I just had a quick question. I was told to sit and wait to be called, then I had to restate I called in the order earlier, I was then directed back to the first line (the one I was cut in) long story short I saw our bag of food the whole time but for reasons within their control, I waited 10 minutes just to pick it up. Management should put up a sign or rope to fix the multiple line issues and rude people who think their lunch break is more valuable than others'.
2	Food good for chain. Customer service at this location indifferent, poor and slow. There was just us and one other. Fulfillment of order good, check out process extremely slow.
5	I love paradise! This place has the best food and great service! Any time I go in the restaurant the workers are always very polite and friendly. It makes a huge difference when employees actually care.
4	My favorite thing about this location is Stacy, she's always at the door to greet you and hold the door open on your way out. If she wasn't at the door I don't think there would ever be a straight line in that place. I love her friendly personality. She always asks how my weekend was or what's new. The rest of the staff is hit or miss. Today I stood waiting for soup for a really long time while those making salads stood there chatting, I counted 6 folks not doing anything while I stood there waiting. Finally the cashier came over, apologized and scooped me some soup. This happens often, no one is very attentive. The food is always consistent but service isn't.I often get the Greek salad with no olives. So I tell the first guy no olives, then he hands the box with lettuce to the second person and says greek with no olives, she repeats "greek with no olives" then puts olives in the box. I then have to tell them I don't want olives and they always seem surprised despite the fact they repeated my order. This happens ALL THE TIME. It's similar to when I ask for soup to go and they ask if it's for here or to go, I tell them to-go and they put it in a regular bowl. There's not loud music. The staff just doesn't pay attention.
5	Who is this guy? He's my hero, Super Paradise Baker! The manager at PB&C. I came in with an old loyalty card that was half full. Let's see what PB&C can do for me...Nothing, out of luck, can't do a thing or give me credit on the ELoyalty card I have with me. So Karen and I sat down with our coffee and we're enjoying each other's company. Then Karen says why don't you ask the manager? So I did and he was all smiling and happy to see my old loyalty card. He gave me some terrific choices and I'm no dummy so I chose chocolate chip cookies. I thought oh, sweet, a cookie for me and one for Karen. Then I nearly fell at his feet when he said, How about a dozen? I'll go bake up a fresh batch for you!" My hero, I was so shocked I didn't get his name, but he's tall and good looking with a black curly, well groomed beard, which I normally don't care for, but on this guy it was  darling! I really want to introduce him to my daughter! Thanks so much!!
3	I gave 3stars because the food is great but the service is wack! I'm from Chicago-love Panera Bread; so when I learned Paradise Bakery was owned by Panera I figured I'd give it a try. The place was packed (we went at lunch rush). No one told us that you had to go to eat counter to order(bakery, sandwich, salad & soup). So we stood in line only to be told we were in the wrong line. Once we got to the salad counter, I told the girl I wanted the Greek salad; she corrected- "you mean the Mediterranean salad?" I told her "no, the Greek salad-the one thats on the menu." Although its "the same" i didn't appreciate that she tried to correct me.No one asked if we wanted soup so when we got to the soup counter no one was standing there so we asked a salad girl for soup and she told us the wait. We did....a cashier got it for us. The other cashier who rang us out was so impatient.  She rang me up and told me the total. I told her my order wasn't complete I was waiting on my husband's food. She rolls her eyes and tells me to step to the side.Two days later I went bake to get one bagel.  As I walked in the pastry girl was ringing out someone then walked away. As I stood there I asked the sandwich guy if he cud get me a bagel or if I had to wait for the girl to cone back-he told me I had to wait. Their were no other ppl in line so I was ticked. As the sandwich guy stood there waiting for ppl in the sandwich..I watched as the pastry girl walked slowly over scratching her ears. She gets to the counter and tell her what I want, but asked for her to wash her hands again.  She did. By the time she bagged my one bagel more ppl came in, so I was now the 7th person in line...she handed me my bag and began walking away. I called out can you ring me out over here?  She turns around and says sure. Question why did I have to ask for her to ring me up if I told her i only wanted one bagel?Didn't like the ppl. Food was good. Wont be going back to this location
1	I'm done with this particular location.  Customer service is beyond rude and I feel that if I'm paying $10 for a salad, you should at least have a smile on your face, fake or not.  This rude little girl (yes, if you act an ass as an adult you are nothing but a child to me) had the worst attitude ever.  You would have thought I asked her to grow the harvest for the salad I asked for.  I always order off of the menu because I can't stand when people have complicated orders, I just asked for no bleu cheese in my Cobb salad. This girl made it seem like an inconvenience.  I'm also pleasant to people who are making my food even when I can see you making it.  I said thank you and she gave me no eye contact or a your welcome.  She just handed me the hot ass bowl and moved on.  I'm pretty sure if I was not well in the head, I would have tossed that salad right back at her burnt burgundy haired ass but I didn't.  But best believe, they won't be getting my business ever again
5	Everytime I come to this place I ask myself why I don't come more often...This is the definition of a lunch spot- they have soups, salads and hot/cold sandwiches- so if youre having trouble picking what you want- they have a pick 2 option that can save the day.The service is good and works hard to keep the lines moving because when I'm in here they are in an extreme lunch rush. To cap it off at the end of a good meal you can indulge in a freshly baked cookie of your choice- so make sure to save room.Paradise Bakery is a winner!
1	Horrible customer service. Employees always seem extremely unhappy to be here.Food is not worth the price. Tastes like hospital cafeteria food. Don't waste your time. Wild Flower is in the same complex and it's a better version of this place.
1	Wow if I could give this place a big fat 0 I would. HORRIBLE. They were out of some of the bread for their sandwiches. Imagine a bakery that is out of bread. We also ordered their featured seasonal soup. Guess what? They were out of it.  Food not worth the price. Don't go.
1	The food is OK-but overpriced... the cookies are fresh, however... they cannot figure out how to take phone orders! I called at 1:40 and ordered 1 Italian sub. I arrived at 2:00 and paid for my order, and watched about 15 people move through the food line. Finally the man at the register (noticing me standing around) went to the food line and reminded them I was still waiting. I finally got my sub and left at 2:15. This is not the first time something like this has happened here either. Several times I've tried to order a simple breakfast bagel sandwich to pick up on my way to the office. Like many other reviews state: it's usually wrong  Won't be back!
1	I am dairy free, I got treated like a criminal. The manager & employees didn't know anything about their products. They made me read the list of ingredients to check for dairy, then expected me to go to the back of the line to get my dressing & were rude. I had had to get pushy to get my salad & dressing.
1	It took 20 minutes to get my order AFTER the lunch hour and it still wasn't right!  The person taking the order didn't know what she was talking about and the cashier couldn't ring up a "pic 2" order.  I got overcharged after trying to explain for 15 minutes what I ordered.  After returning back to my office with lunch the salads had huge center pieces from the lettuce...no quality control at this location.  Completely frustrating!!!!For the prices they charge at least get it right
5	What's not to love about this place?  Fantastic soups, salads,  wraps,  and cookies.  I can honestly say I've never had a bad meal here.
5	I am visiting from Seattle and I love this place. The salads are outstanding and the steal cut oatmeal is one of my favorities.  Besides, this is one of the few places offering caffeine free diet coke ;-)
1	After waiting for 3 people in front of me to order, it wasn't turn. A woman walks up to the counter, says excuse me and starts placing an order?!!! What the heck are the rest of us waiting in line for? I complained & walked out. So rude by the customer & the employee.
2	Be sure to look at your order before you drive all the way home to find that not only did they make my sandwich wrong but they only gave me half of a sandwich. Guess I will let my husband have my half and I will do without. Thanks Paradise Bakery for taking my order wrong and sending home hungry!  The manager didn't seem too concerned when I called.....
