5	Excellent cookies and chocolate torts  ... kinda pricey but worth it ...
4	I've ordered LOTS of cakes and other baked goods from Tammie Coe Cakes.  The cake are delicious and beautiful.  I've ordered them for shower, weddings, parties, etc.  Sometimes I even order them and then decorate them myself with fresh flowers or other goods.  The cakes are all layer cakes with butter creme frosting covered in rolled fondant.  This is the only reason TCC doesn't get 5 stars -- the fondant.  While I, personally, love her fondant, many people don't care for it.  I will say her fondant is the best I've ever had, I don't like it as a general rule.  My fave cake is the chocolate malted hazelnut cake.  So rich and creamy, a small peice goes a long way.  I had the lemon cake yesterday for the first time and it's my #2 fave.  White cake with layers of lemon custard and blueberries.  Yum!Cookies, muffins and pastries are great too!  The gigantic cookies are delish and enough to share.  The scones are darn tasty too, I love the hazelnut crunch one.If LGO is too busy for you, check out their new location in the Roosevelt district.
4	I'm starting to get concerned that I like this place more in theory than in practice.  I'm hoping I've just had a few bad experiences.  That gooey cupcake I first got was super yummy.  Can't remember what I got last time, even though I tried to make a mental note to not get it again.  This last time I got a Toffee Cupcake.  Too much frosting, too sugar-y, too dense, hardly any actual "cake" and while I could taste SUGAR - I couldn't taste any toffee.  Now I'll give ya that toffee is a tough flavor to master, but I'd trusted her to pull it through.  I think next time I'll try a cookie or something simple so she can re-gain my trust or something...In spite of that, she gets bookoo bonus points for this location.  It just makes me happy to see it there.  And one of these days, I'm going to try some of that amazing bread...
5	I first learned about Tammie Coe when at a Holiday party, no one but me dared to cut into a cake they thought was a decoration (her Santa's Sack). When I asked the hostess, she told me that Tammie was now the hottest cake designer in town, having replaced Cathy (of Rum Cake fame). Newly engaged, I knew I had to check her out for my wedding cake. Since my (now) husband and I both are public servants, we had to be creative in order to afford what turned out to be the culinary hit of the wedding. Instead of a stacked cake, we bought plant stands of varying height from Home Depot and then ordered a variety of large single cakes from Tammie who wrapped them in her signature fondant all in the same way. I picked them up myself and took them to the wedding location, and in this way I saved about half the cost of a traditional wedding cake. The individual cakes looked amazing set up on an oblong table, and everyone said they were the best cakes they'd ever had. I must say, however, that these days, I stop by the Roosevelt location most often for her husband's bread. Those crusty delicious loves are truly cravable.
4	The food is yummy and the staff is super-nice! There are so many reasions that Tammy Coe Cakes is becoming a beloved part of Phoenix.
5	Tammie Coe is nothing but pure, sugary sin. Blissfulness!! I've had several of her cakes (birthdays), and my god, they are truly amazing. They are small and pricey, yes, but they are so rich that a little goes more than a long way. I suggest anything and everything here. The croissants are heavenly. As well as the Berry Tarts. The Ooey Gooeys are a little heavy on the frosting but the cake is amazing. Try the Betters cookie. Or the Blueberry Banana Bread. Or their sandwiches! The Portobello..or the Uncle Louie. All of it is fabulous. I'm getting married in September, and we have already decided the only worthy baker is Tammie Coe. Check our their wedding cakes online!Yum yum yum...oh how we love you Tammie Coe!
5	It's hard to wax poetic on Tammie Coe when everyone has already said what needs to be said. The Ooey Gooey cupcakes are outstanding as are the stunningly designed fondant cakes (for a pretty penny).  But I will add that the sandwiches they serve during the day are delicious as are the slider they serve come First Friday nights.  What a concept...Produce easy-to-grab-and-go sliders ($2.50 each I think) for people walking down Roosevelt.  It's nice to see businesses react to consumer needs like that.   I tried the Cuban, which was ok, but it lacked the roasted pork that also goes in it.  It was still good, but not as tasty as the muffaleta.  This is my pick for food on a First Friday night.  Just order 2 -3 of these and continue walking to the galleries down the road.
5	perfect for hit and run munchies!some of my favorites include:-pre-packaged sandwiches with delicious deli-meats andfreshly baked bread with ( i think boars head meat, yummy )-pre-packaged focaccia bread with the white spread cheese  -fantastic cookies and cupcakes Dangerously good.oh and the shy little emo kids working there are adorable and friendly :)
4	Original review on 2/18/2008 -My bf and I have become cupcake fanatics over the last few months, finding cupcakeries in every city that we're in and taste testing everything on the menu.  We came across a feature article in a guide to Phoenix when we visited recently and stopped by Tammie Coe.  We had the ooey gooey and the black forest. The ooey gooey is definitely one of the BEST chocolate/vanilla buttercream cupcakes we've had!  This little cake definitely lives up to its name.  Its ooey gooey chocolatiness with the perfect amount of frosting is recommended.  I was, however, disappointed by the black velvet.  I am usually a bigger fan of the chocolate/cream cheese frosting, but I think I prefer the chocolate/vanilla this time around.  Pretty good, just a little distracted by the surprise coconut flakes on top.***************************Updated 7/9/08I was back in PHX for work last month and carved out time in my hectic schedule and dragged my colleague over to Tammie Coe to get some ooey gooeys before hopping on the plane.  They did not disappoint!!
4	The idea of getting birthday cupcakes from Tammie Coe was put in my head by the nice folks at Postino.  (How convenient!)  They actually mentioned a cake but cupcakes are more my style so I went with those. I called up two days before I needed them and ordered a dozen of the ooey-gooey cupcakes.  I had to pick them up after the store had already closed for the day but they were nice and let me in the back door to get them after hours.The cupcakes were good.  Were they the best cupcakes I've ever had? No, that honor still belongs to Party Favors.  The icing to cake ratio was about 3:1 which is always good in my book, but there was a faint taste in the icing that I didn't like.  It was very subtle and I'm pretty sure it was lemon.  I could have done without that.   The cake part was unremarkable.  And I would love to see them come up with a chocolate peanut butter option!I'd like to try other flavors and combinations in the future and I would definitely say that Tammie Coe would be a good choice for anyone looking for a special occasion dessert.
4	If there was a "Stuff White People Like" ( stuffwhitepeoplelike.wordpress.com/ ) Phoenix edition, Tammie Coe would knuckle "Hiking Camelback Mountain in a Sportsbra" and "Talking About Moving to the Garfield District" for the top spot on the list.Okay, Tammie Coe fucking pwns most bakeries around the Valley, but come with it now ... some people act as if Tammie INVENTED butter and flour, mined salt from the Egyptian earth, handcrafted porcelain urns for homespun mixing, and bred a sui generis species of chicken which would bless her cakes with perfectly viscous embryos.Its a bakery.  Its good.  Its not gonna change your life.Whereas most cities have a plurality of home-hearted, local bakeries, PHX's core is missing exactly that, which magnifies TC's presence and quality.  Their cakes are, in fact, beautiful and noticeably take hours of work, but lest we forget the no-frills Mexican, Middle Eastern, and Scandinavian/Bavarian bakeries around town that would go toe-to-toe with TC like Rocky vs Ivan Drago.  TC trains on those perfectly calibrated weights while the Rockies of the Valley lift rocks and boulder mountains n shit.  The fantastic thing is, there is ALWAYS room for a bakery.  There are never enough.  TC is a favorite spot, particularly for the birthday events I've been to around the valley, for an after-work pick-me-up and a Sunday morning sugar rush.  Their selection is inane.  I can never decide what I want, actually, what I want is ALL of it.This place is on a very short list of one when it comes to ordering special event baked goods and its just around the block from me, so Tammie Coe *is* my local bakery which entitles me to say, in the words of Nelson Muntz, "HA ha!"
5	A friend bought me a Tammie Coe birthday cake and it was incredible.  I have never actually been there but will be in the area tomorrow and am thinking I may stop by for some yummy treats.  My b-day is in October, the cake was chocolate with raspberries (my favorite) and the outside looked like a witches hat, orange and black.
2	I work right down the street from Tammie Coe on Roosevelt, and for months my co-workers and I have been talking about getting Tammie Coe cupcakes. Our problem is, we always end up eating lunch way too late and never make it to cupcake time.Yesterday, we made a point to eat lunch at 11:30 and then skipped right over to Tammie Coe. The cakes and cupcakes and cute little tarts are absolutely gorgeous. We were overwhelmed by our 4 cupcake choices (we wanted them all), and ultimately both of my co-workers chose the Ooey Gooey and I had the Vanilla Toffee. We got back to our office and dove in. My Vanilla Toffee cupcake had so much frosting, it was way too much for me. Granted, I'm not a frosting kind of girl, but even my co-worker commented on both the amount of frosting on my cupcake and then texture. Her cake was lighter and smoother, while mine was incredibly dense. If I go back for another cupcake, it will be for the Ooey Gooey (there is a good reason why this one is their most popular, I'm sure). I indulged in Tammie Coe once prior at a friend's birthday. I still don't know if it was the cake or the assortment of very sweet cocktails, but I remember not being a huge fan of the very very rich, very decadent birthday cake. I like sweets, but Tammie Coe is too sweet for me.
4	The fondant nazi made a sumptuous strawberry shortcake for my niece's first birthday.  I supposed only fondant will do for a beautiful draped effect but if your customer asked for buttercream, I'm sure there are ways to make buttercream look good.The vanilla cake layers were super moist and fluffy almost as though they were soaked in liqueur that is still edible for children.  Just the right amount of custard nestled between the cake layers.  What I love about it was the great textures and the well balanced sweetness.  The fondant was tasty as well. Well done tammie coe!
5	I just had my first Tammie Coe cake last week for my birthday, and I will NEVER be the same again.  I don't normally eat cake, in fact, if it's not Brownies, I don't eat it.  But this cake drew me in with it's appealing fondant.  From there, I got lost in the spongy richness of the cake.  A cornicopia of flaverful goodness.So make a metal note to yourself, I will only eat Brownies and Tamie Coe cakes.Oh, and special thanks to Arts G (previous review) for telling me what the hell fondant is.  I was just calling it "sheet like frosting".
4	I went to Tammie Coe a few months ago . With my mother in tow we ventured in and found lots of yummy choices. The coffee smelled wonderful.  My  eyes spied a special treat that I rarely get to sample. A coconut Macacroon!  I love them. We took our treats outside to little tables and ate. The taste was amazing . i can't wait to go back again. I keep thinking I need to get one of her beautiful cakes for some family occasion as well.
4	Best American inspired cakes in Phoenix. High quality. Good Deserts. Had a very good red velvet cake from here.Some of the sweets are too sweet. For example, the macaroon is way sweeter than what I consider good.If you need something that's good and unique in Phx, I'd recommend this place.
4	Just a disclaimer: I've never actually stepped into Tammie Coe's bakery. However, I am able to convince someone I work with (through the power of suggestion and my magnetic personality) to drive over and pick up coconut cupcakes from their Roosevelt location on a regular basis. They are a-maz-ing. I had my first bite of the said cupcake at Lisa G's and have been hooked since. Try one, and you will be jonesing for a fix in no time. P.S. No, you can't have my friend's number so you can have her pick you up one, too. Nice try.
3	Stopped at Tammie Coe  going to the airport. Mom and I had raspberry scones -- disappointing , kinda dry and bland.  What a  let down.
4	i have lived half a mile from Tammie Coe for about 2 years now and i have never been there. my friends birthday weekend is here, so we have been out and about checking out some new spots and testing others. i won't say i have never had Tammie Coe cakes before, because I've tasted about 4-5 cakes. on occasion Lauren, from my favorite salon, the Root, [see my other reviews] will buy Tammie Coe cakes for the waiting area. I'm not a huge fan of the fondant topping. the flavor is good, but it's excessive and sweeeeeeeeeeeeeet. ahem. as i was saying. i have never been to the shop on Roosevelt. so we decide to head over there after checking out Mel's Diner. i got an Americano, and we picked up the cup cake trio, a peanut butter cookie, oatmeal cookie and the lime cookies.i will try to break this one down by item.lime cookies, the flavor makes your mouth water as if you were sucking on limes. it's that powerful. they are actually just plain awesomeness. our only complaint..they should be the size of the "other" cookies.peanut butter cookie, very peanut-buttery and very thick. the consistency of the cookie is excellent. for such a huge cookie i was kinda expecting a hockey puck consistency. but it was buttery and crumbled into nice little bites.oatmeal cookie, this cookie is very good. i like chocolate chip cookies. and i like oatmeal raisin cookies. this is like a blend of the two..minus the raisins. sweet and decadent. the cupcake trio is the toffee one, I'm not sure why it's pink. the coconut one, and a chocolate one.Chocolate one was my second favorite of the 3. creamy chocolate frosting caked ontop of a yummy banana-bread cupcake. this...is...awesome.pink one..toffee something i guess. least favorite. the pink things are good, the cake is good too. but it's just not my taste.coconut one. yup. that's the one. my favorite. i love coconut, plus the damned thing is frosted with cream cheese like frosting. which...my favorite cake is carrot cake..so this is right up that same fat inducing alley. thanks Tammie Coe for heroine of cup cakes.Tammie Coe also serves Illy Coffee. so you know its good. my Americano was the figuratively speaking icing on the cake.
3	Overrated. The treats are tasty but certainly not the best I have ever had. I would have rated this a two star but the cakes and cookies are REALLY pretty. The design makes up for the lack of taste. Over priced too. Fortunately for them they share a plaza with La Grande Orange so they get a lot of business from them.
5	This was one of my stops tonight for First Friday.  I didn't even notice the place, when Dottsy shouted out "OMG Tammie Coe!"I instantly creamed because I had been wanting to try a treat from here forever!It cracked me up that I walked in, the only patron, and had to give my name and order to a boy standing near the door, then give the order to the cashier to fill.  I could see if it were busy, but we were the only ones here.I got the Gooey cupcake - dark chocolate (like my men! HA!) with a creamy frosting.How many ways are there to say DIVINE?????  The first bite was moist and the frosting was just right - not too sweet or soft.  It didn't get stuck all over my lip.They have Pellegrino in a bottle, so I got that too.  There's even a bottle opener on the wall!  How cool is that?Dottsy got a brownie and I had a bite.  WHOA.  A brownie that was still mushy-gushy and melting in your mouth. Just the way I like 'em!  I can't wait to get a cake!I may (if I ever choose to breed) name my first-born (boy or girl) Tammie Coe.
4	Amy D. and I were trekking through the First Friday scene when something told me to look to my left.  I looked over and immediately shouted "OMG Tammie Coe!" as though I had just spotted Angelina Jolie. Amy and I made a beeline right to their door. I selected a brownie to try while Amy chose the "Ooey Gooey" cupcake with such fervor I thought she was going to faint before finishing her order. 2.75 later, I walked out with my treat. I tore off the first bite and popped it into my mouth. I had to stop and look down at what I just bought! I think they gave me a piece of heaven in a little paper bag! It was gooey on the inside and lightly crispy on top. "YUMMMMMMM" was all I could say! I force fed Amy a bite because I just had to share the joy I was feeling. She too saw Nirvana. I can't wait to go back and try one of their BEAUTIFUL cakes. My 30th b-day is coming up and they might be commissioned to make my dream cake! I hope Tammie Coe and I form a beautiful friendship. It would be nice to have a "celebrity" in your corner!
5	Wow....creme de la creme! I have been here various times and they have yet to meet my extraordinarily high standards. Highly recommend the infamous "Ooey-gooey" cupcakes. I also love how forward-thinking Tammie Coe's is, theme-ing out their delicious concoctions for the holidays.
4	Yum, yum, yum!  The banana chocolate cupcakes are fantastic, as are the apple and MJ cookies.  I also had a cobbler that was very impressive.  What an asset to that area!  The non-sweets are just okay, but why come to a place called Tammie Coe Cakes for a meal?!  It's all about the sweets!
5	Of course I still love Tammie's cakes and cupcakes and cookies. And her husband's bread is still my local favorite. But I just discovered this week a new reason to love Tammie Coe: the boxed lunches.For around $10 each, I ordered lunches for my fellow faculty members who were having an in-service at the Phoenix Art Museum. There were about 10 different sandwiches to choose from, and about 4 salads, and they all came with a drink, chips, and giant cookie. Everyone raved, and many asked me from where I had gotten lunch. The salads were huge and the sandwiches were hearty and very satisfying. Everything was clearly labeled, and packed into individual brown bags for each person. I could make special requests like "no nuts in the cookie" and the woman in  charge, Sia, was a pleasure to work with. I felt that I got a great value for my group, and will absolutely use Tammie Coe again for my smaller catering needs.
4	These people have gone out of their way to help me get unique breads. I can call a day or two in advance and they will have what I want waiting.  They have suggested breads I had no idea are available.  I have been introduced to wonderful flavors from delightful combinations of ingredients I didn't know were available. Their regular retail location is the Roosevelt store.  They always have more of a variety available there.  They also have a location at 40th St and Campbell where they produce a lot of the bread.  I usually order in advance so I use the 40th St location.  I wish they had a slicing machine there but the people at La Grand Orange have also been good about doing it for me.  I don't know if Roosevelt has one. They are more expensive than your average grocery store.  I don't mind paying for quality and that is what you get here. However, II do think they are reasonable in their pricing.  It took time for me to find the Roosevelt location the first time. Parking in front of the 40th st location is at a premium.  You can save time if you just park in the back.
4	I always make a point to inquire as to what people do for Christmas dinner. This is easily mistaken as an interest in learning and understanding other cultures, when in reality I'm just looking for a scapegoat. Just once, when someone screams "YOU EAT CHEF BOYARDEE FOR CHRISTMAS!?" at me, I'd like to be able to say "oh yeah...well [insert your name] eats [insert something like but not necessarily puppy tails and applesauce]!"For like, a long time, my family have made hand-made ravioli for Christmas. It's a long and laborious process that takes up the better part of a Sunday afternoon. So naturally that's when I decided to pick up a gift certificate for someone from Tammie Coe.We're almost knuckle deep in flour and grated cheese when I call to see when they close. The ravioli was going to take us 2-3 hours to finish. And guess how much longer Tammie Coe was open? That's right, 2-3 hours.The smell of dough still fresh on my threads, Misty S and I jetted (or should I say "jetta'd"...fuck you) to central phoenix to pick up the gift certificate before the dogs realized they preferred raw dough to dog food. Now, I had been to Tammie Coe quite a few times,  usually in tow with Amanda B. Since layers of delicious frosting tend to clash with layers of expensive makeup, I usually opt out of eating any of their tasty treats. I simply sip on a peach tea and pretend I'm not starving for some fucking cake.But there we were, on a Sunday morning, dressed in our pajamas, having missed breakfast and looking forward to three hours of pasta-making.Misty S said looking at all the food made her hungry.Well, yeah.Saying that Tammie Coe doesn't make you hungry is like saying Bandaids doesn't bring you deep, deep shame.So along with the gift certificate we got two chicken salad sliders, a peach tea, iced chai, and one of those giant chocolate chip cookies I like to call "diabetes frisbees".The sliders were all kinds of delicious. Even my veg-leaning squeeze thought so. And considering the prices at other places in the area, you're not going to beat a $2 sandwich. Unless you rob the place.Would a yelp review count as evidence in court? "Your honor, I present to you Exhibit Y, where the defendant  writes 'and as I walked out of the restaurant, money in hand, the cowering hostess muttered to me 'thank you for coming, have a nice day'. Three stars for outstanding hospitality." The peach tea was, as expected, great. I almost wish someone would find a way to fuck up peach tea so I could judge how good all this tea I've been drinking really is. The few sips I had of Misty's iced chai latte were above and beyond Starbucks quality. But then again, what isn't?
4	Mmmmmmmmmmm.... can you say "ooey gooey"? This has got to be one of the best cupcakes I have ever had, and I love my cupcakes. It was so moist and the delich frosting just melted in my mouth. Mmmmmm..I am still having cupcake-gasms right now!Not only are they delish they are ooooo so cute. The x-mas themed cupcakes with the lil candy canes were adorable.I swear the frosting had a hint of mint to it, frosting is what makes the cake. I actually wish I could roll my body in it, it was THAT good!I am just lucky that this place is so far away from me or I would be there every day.
5	I lived in AZ for a year whilst at JP Morgan. One of the few great experiences i had out there (back in LA now) was, going to their Good (yes, capital G) food places, they were really really, really Good...certainly on par with eateries I've experienced in London, NYC, Paris, et cetera.I finally found a neighborhood that had (gulp) personality: the Roosevelt district. I was so happy and comfy in my hundred-year-old guest house with hard wood floors, huge pre-air conditioning windows, a sizable green backyard, and an unobstructed view of the teenytiny Phoenix skyline. And just down the street from my extraordinary little residence was the absolutely amazing, wonderful and perfect Tammie Coe (the person AND the bakery) who had just opened their venerable doors.I was there every morning for their exquisite breads, cheeses, sweet things, perfect euro-standard coffee, lovely attendants....I miss it so much.It reminded me of Patisserie Valerie in London, or any good bakery in Paris...with a cool, fun and welcome American twist.I shall always go back to Tammie when ever I find myself in dreary Walmart-ized Phoenix. Tammie, you are an artist. My only hope is that you will consider opening a location in Los Angeles. Eat your heart out, Nancy Silverton!!!
4	I had the ooey gooey cupcake, very very impressed. For one the ingredients in this are all natural which is hard to find. The cake was super moist the frosting was very good. The only thing I would change is maybe add a tad less sugar and a tad more butter to the frosting. But seriously it was the 2nd best cupcake I ve ever had. (that says alot)
4	Fun place in the "new" arts district I forget the name of the sandwich I had but it was on home made bread and yummy. Don't miss the desserts, really great. Just another fun downtown place to have lunch
4	PULL THE CAR OVER NOW!!! That's what my dear husband hears whenever we drive by Tammie Coe.  The first time I tried her cakes was right before our wedding 3 years ago, and I called and BEGGED her to do my cake and she squeezed it in despite her already booked schedule.  I love the cakes..the zebra, bananas foster, lemon...  They look lovely and are filled with top-qaulity ingrdients (Tammie went over them all with me).  Her buttercream, which also sits atop the lucious ooey gooey cupcakes, is JUST LIKE my mom made as a kid...butter, sugar and cream.  yum.  one point of note - the Ooey Gooey cupcakes are NOT filled with anything gooey.  They are dark chocolate cake with buttercream frosting.  MJ Breads, while not as tantalizing to my over-developed sweet tooth, are some of the best breads I've found in PHX - very European style with crisp and chewy crust and light and puffy insides.  If you are not a chewy crust kinda person, don't even sink your teeth in.  If you've ever wondered where to get baguettes like the ones you had in France, this is it.
4	I must preface this by saying that I am not a fan of Tammie Coe cakes or cupcakes ... they are just WAY too sweet for me. However, I had lunch fro Tammie Coe today, and oh my ... fabulous!I selected the Tammie Coe "Box Lunch." I was able to select any sandwich + chips + a monster-sized cookie the size of my head + a drink. $10. My sandwich was VERY good, and I'm really not a "sandwich" person. I'd much rather have a bowl of pasta or something hot. If it's cold, I'd prefer it to be sushi. But this was GOOD. I had a roast beef sandwich with creamy horseradish sauce ... and the bread was amazing. Just as much as I am not a sandwich person, I am not a bread person. I could easily give up carbs. This bread was fabulous. I nibbled on the enormous chocolate chip cookie throughout the afternoon ... It's always easier to do your job when you have a chocolate chip cookie, dotcha think?I'll definitely be back for lunch soon.
1	I don't know what all the hype is about this place.I find their deserts pretty disgusting, and i have tried numerous ones because so many people rave about them.  They have all tasted like metal, and the cookies are always dry and hard on the outside and chewy on the inside.  I like my cookies to have a consistent texture.They don't have any vegan options.Their coffee is horrible.  It always tastes burnt, and they charge $.75 for soy.  Most places no longer charge for soy, or if they do it is $.25.  I feel $.75 is exorbitant.I am done giving this place one more shot.
5	This has the best pastries I've had thus far in Phoenix. Sorry, Sprinkles.I had a butternut brownie and a gooey ooey that i split with a friend. To be honest, these were some of the best pastries I've had. Like ever. Not only were the good tasting, but the frosting was perfect. Not too soft, but meant to be eaten with the pastry rather than just a garnish. My mouth was watering when I saw the cakes they had inside. I'm waiting for just the right occasion to come back in and buy one.As far as sweets go, this is the place to stop by. I haven't tried their bread yet, but I hear it's good.
4	i like the ooey gooey cupcake! the chocolate cake is soooo moist and cooked evenly in perfection. only it's served chilled? it's weird. their cookies are good, too. I bought a tub of their easter sugar cookies and they are so stinking cute! they're very sweet though so it's impossible to eat more than 2 per day but soo good. anymore than that you'd need insulin. :)
3	I just found my new favorite thing - their $2.00 sandwich sliders.  They are delicious.  I had an egg salad and a chicken salad, and loved 'em both.  Also, the price is right.  To be perfectly honest, you could get away with just eating one for lunch, and with a drink and maybe a little cookie or something, you've got a bargain lunch for under five bucks.  A real steal.The only negative thing...the service.  Every time I have been in  there, I've wondered...."could I get even the slightest HINT of a smile?"  I mean, really...they sell cupcakes, for pete's sake.  Be happy.  How hard could the life of a cupcake salesperson be?!
2	Visited for the first time yesterday (Thursday), but left without a purchase.  I had a few questions concerning some food allergies, but the clerk behind the counter almost didn't care, and it was almost like I had to twist her arm to have her call someone for the info.  I mean, these cookies are $2.50 a pop, and I've seen, and eaten, larger-portioned fantastic all-natural cookies being sold for less than that, and for a possible sale of AT LEAST two cookies (and Lord knows how many return visits I would make based on how much I like these cookies), the clerk didn't WANT to make the call??  She actually grimaced.  (Funny, but the clerk next door at Chill Out didn't want to call the company that supplies their cookies, either.)  Oh, well.  Their loss...  I had decided then and there that I couldn't, and wouldn't, go back to Tammie Coe again.
3	I don't mean to be a brat but parking sucks here.  The only choice was to park at the meter for $1.50/hour.  I know it's not much but unless it is L.A., I get a little weird out about paying for parking.  There might be a free parking close by but it's not exactly a really safe neighborhood so yeah, I paid.  It's a tiny bakery with a really cute interior.  I tried the brownie and pound cake cheesecake.  They were good but not anything special.  The brownie had too much icing for my taste and you can totally taste the SUGAR.  If you have a sweet tooth, I guess this place is good for you...but if you are used to Asian sweets, you are better off going somewhere else I think.  *Ambiance = good*Service = pretty good, they were eager to help*Food = good but not superb
3	A cupcake shop right near the airport? Sign me up. We had to stop here on our way to PHX...and we were glad we did. While the cupcakes were ok... they tasted like a mix with some crazy sweet frosting that I swear reminded me of Betty Crocker, the shop itself was cute. And they don't call themeselves a bread co. for nothing. Their ciabetta that rode home with us in my carry-on was yummy for the tummy even 24 hours later.The coconut cupcake frosting was pretty bomb, high with the coconut flavor. I'd love to have a cupcake AND bread shop close to me...even if my jeans definitely don't agree.
5	Sprinkles who???This is my fav local bakery (I often pick up a treat from LGO) for their amazing OOEY GOOEY cupcakes. The name should say it all!The cake is rick and moist while the frosting is a little piece of heaven. You must stop by and grab yourself a treat, you will forget all about Sprinkles cupcakes and be in love!
5	Don't think that this little cafe just has Tammie Coe's fabulous cupcakes and beautiful fondant cakes...because you'd be missing out on other great stuff!  I needed coffee this morning and decided that a soy latte with honey was what I wanted.  Tammie Coe's has honey sweetener in a pump to add myself, thank you.  My kiddo had 1/2 a s'mores scone which is a ridiculous breakfast item, I know.  So we also ordered a pb&j on multi-grain.  Delicious multi-grain bread with seeded crust!  I should have requested light on the jelly but otherwise this was a really tasty and kid friendly choice.  I also brought home a caprese salad for later since it looked like fresh mozz and really fresh looking tomatoes.  The staff is friendly and I truly prefer this Illy coffee over that other big chain with the green logo ;-)
4	I stop at Tammie Coe's at least once a week for breakfast "to go" on my way into work.  It's convenient to park and the food is very good.  The mini-scones and mini-muffins are a bargin - all of the flavors are good - the bran muffin is one of my favorites. If I'm really hungry I get a ham, egg and cheese breakfast croissant sandwich. The side of green salsa that they serve it with makes it very delicious.  I've also tried the slider sandwiches which are also a bargin -  they seem small but one is plenty for me for lunch - they are always fresh and the bread is excellent.  Funny, even though they are known for their cupcakes and desserts I haven't tried any of them but they look like they would be wonderful.  Also, the friendliness of the staff has progressively gotten better over the past few months - they've always been really efficient but it seems that they're trying to smile more and show their genuine appreciation for the business.  They don't get five stars from me as I don't like that  Illy coffee - it's too bitter and strong for my taste.
5	ooey gooey!!!
5	I go here every "First Friday" event, and I'm always glad I do!I don't live in the Central Phoenix area, so it's a treat. The coffee here is great and the baked goods here are absolutely scrumptious. (Especially the chocolate croissants and apple pies!)The environment is nice and it's functionality is divine. I love the selection here, and wish there was one closer to me!
4	Finally got to visit today.  Tried last night during First Friday but it was a madhouse.  Their little slider sandwiches are delicious....the bread is amazing.  I also got a pumpkin chocolate chip muffin and some sour cream sugar cookies. Holy Crap !!!  Talk about a sugar rush, but not a major one.  The mix of pumpkin and chocolate chip is divine and the fall leaf themed cookies made me feel as if I were back in PA.I'll definitely be back.
4	I'm never too hesistant to try a cupcake. That said, I've had some really good cupcakes in the past. So when a relative recommended the place, I had to find out. We tried the ooey gooey cupcakes and although I wasn't really hungry, I ate every bite. Deliciously good!
4	Tammie Coe's Coconut cupcake is one of my ALL TIME FAVORITES! Freaken DROOL! Soooo good! My mother in law works close by and sometimes brings a couple of Tammies cuppys with her!I have had a couple of Tammies cakes. The cake itself is good and so is the filling, but I am not a fan of her fondant in the slightest. AND lets not forget MJ Breads! WOAH! I am in serious love with the potato rolls that they make for the holidays. Their buttermilk rolls are tasty as well! These are great rolls for kicking up your holiday spread a couple notches!
5	yum.but, i do not come here that often because i cannot help myself, as i am seriously addicted to refined sugar.oh, the cookies here are better than the [cup]cakes. but everything i have tried is just, amazing.
4	My birthday cake came from Tammie Coe and it was AMAZING. It was beautiful decorated with amazing frosting. But it was the inside that won me over. Gooey, decadent chocolate, oh my! It was so rich, I ate half a slice... but it was oh so worth it!
3	Cute location, easy to get in and out of.  Kinda pricey.  Super sweet cupcakes. We all discussed how sweet and how much frosting was on each yet  we still managed to eat a full cupcake each.  I got some for work bday party.  They presented well, the cake part of the cupcake was my fravorite part.  Not 100% sure I'm going back or not.  I might just to try something else.  I'm on the fence, not bad and not great.  Indifferent I guess.  I'm boring myself with this review, bye.
4	this place a true hidden gem.i have always been a huge fan of the "ooey gooey" cupcake.  honestly, it's just everything i want a cupcake to be (& more)!however, nothing ever actually brought me in to the location on roosevelt because the cupcakes are available at other local establishments like LGO.  it wasn't until i was driving by for the zillionth time on my way home from work and needing to pick up a surprise dessert, that i stopped into this wonderful little shop.  not only do they have an array of beautiful cakes and such, but they also have freshly baked artisan breads (by her hubby's company MJ Breads), and a full breakfast/lunch/coffee menu as well!  needless to say, since this discovery i have been back a few times and have yet to be disappointed! as an fyi, it is a cute lil shop with no tables on the inside so expect to enjoy the sunshine at one of the umbrella tables outside or take your treats to go.  also, the cakes are stunning but the fondant icing is a touch too rich for my taste - serious sweet tooth required!
2	I have to say....I've tried & tried to like Tammie Coe Cakes & just can't do it.  I love to support local folks in their endeavors, but the cake we had from here was just gross in my opinion.  My Mom got one of her cakes for my bachelorette party.  The cake tasted very funky inside like it had been frozen & thawed out one too many times & gotten that weird freezer/fridge flavor.  Kinda dry inside & the fondant was gooey, thick & tasted like paste (or maybe Playdoh) with some sugar thrown in.  No thanks......we all felt the same, as after we had our initial slivers of cake, the rest went uneaten (very strange for a cake to go uneaten in my circle).  Since then, I've tried her cookies which also lacked in flavor, consistency, etc.  AJ's has better cookies & cakes....I'll stick to them, thank you very much!
4	Decided to try one more cupcake joint while I was in Phoenix so I stopped by here last Friday afternoon.  I was really disappointed that I'd already eaten lunch because their sandwiches looked fabulous!  I ended up picking up a red velvet and ooey gooey cupcake.  The red velvet was my favorite just because I love cream cheese frosting but I was surprised that I liked the other cupcake almost as much.  I normally don't like buttercream frosting but this was actually pretty good.  The chocolate cake was super moist and rich.  I'd definitely come back here and I'd love a chance to try some of their sandwiches!
4	Go for lunch all the time - love the changes to the menu. Highly recommend the Betters cookie if you feel the desire to indulge!
2	I'm not going back to Tammie Coe for a while ... really. My co-workers and I have been making a habit of grabbing lunch from Tammie Coe. It's so close to our office, and we've been enjoying the sandwich of the day and an amazing cookie. We were on a once a week basis with Tammie Coe. I'm done - for now. We've had back to back BAD experiences at Tammie Coe lately. Horrible service!! What happened? My favorite conversation from our last visit:Me (after waiting nearly 20 minutes for my sandwich): Did you put my soup in there?Clerk: Um .... (looks around and sees soup on counter). No, here it is.  But, do you want me to put it in something else? In a drink carrier?Me: (puzzled look)Clerk: If I just put it in the bag, it will spill all over.Me: Then yes, please put it in a carrier. (Internally: No, I want my hot soup spilled all over after I waited 20 minutes for a cold sandwich. Toss it in the bag, why dontcha?)The food is still very good. It's just not cheap, and I don't mind paying a bit extra for good food and good service. The staff there is in slow motion or something lately.
4	I love this place!  I have been several times and each time I have been impressed. I got sandwhiches the first few times I went and the other day I went for breakfast and got a few pastries. I haven't been for their "Desert Nights" yet, but I have had one of their cupcakes and a brownie and both were delicious! My only complaint is their sandwhich hours. I have been at least three times (either after 2pm or on Sundays) hoping for one of their sandwhiches and they are not being served. I just think it is a little silly that they only serve their sandwhiches for three or four hours out of the entire day (and not at all on Sundays).
4	great staff, and everything there is awesome.
2	After attending First Friday this month I was excited to realize I could stop by Tammie Co, en route to the office, to grab a coffee and/or light breakfast.  So I proceeded to do so last Monday and had not a bad latte...  So today, I thought I would give it another chance and try their lunch fare.  That's is the last time I make that choice; a sad little deviled egg sandwich it was... and the 'side' was less than an amuse bouche portion.  Plus, my  bouche wasn't terribly amused.  I say stick to the pastry thing.
5	Love the Illy coffee. But I'm yelping today about the croissants. Pure heaven. Super flaky on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside. The antidote to the soggy, mushy croissants you find most other places.
2	Sometimes, I feel like I'm the only person in Phoenix who doesn't totally adore Tammie Coe.  The baked goods fall prey to the classic AJ's bakery syndrome: everything looks a helluva lot better than it tastes. It's not to say the products taste bad per se... but they're a little on the bland side, which is really a bummer because I feel like the ingredients are good quality and fresh, just not bursting with flavor. This location is also really cramped and the staff are a little confused (albeit friendly). I had to explain what a cafe au lait was, before someone made it into a breve, which is totally disgusting to even think about. The upsides are that many of the baked goods come in little bitty sizes, handy for those of us who don't want a muffin or scone the size of our heads. Also, they open at the ass-crack of dawn (read: 6:30 am), early enough for those of us who like to arrive at the office with a hot coffee by 7 am.
4	I usually hate cupcakes, cake, and any other sugary-sweet pastries you can think of. I get 'sweeted out' way too quick, so I tend to stay away from anything that looks like it might have too much sugary goodness in it. I'm the person you'll see at the birthday party scraping the frosting off the cake...then still only eating a couple bites. Tammy Coe's Red Velvet Cupcakes changed all of that.The creamy yet not overly sweet frosting is what I think does it. The moist red spongy cake covered in this heavenly concoction creates a blast of flavor that is so good it causes temporary lapse of brain function. ...I've yet to try anything else she makes because the red velvet cupcakes are so good, but I'm saving the possible fifth star for when I do. Eventually I'm hoping I'll venture out and try some of her other creations but for now, if you ever see two people wandering the alleys of central phoenix with red dust around their mouths, don't worry it's just my girl and I on a red velvet hangover. 4/5.
2	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):7 Food8 Service8 Atmosphere4 ValueHalf the things I've had here are amazing - the other half are average; but the prices make even the amazing things hard for me to justify.  Then there's the fact that they are a part of the trendy problem of over-frosting cupcakes.  The way cupcakes are treated today by "artisan" bakeries, you'd think they were called cupfrostings.  Tammy Coe: guilty.
2	Good stuff, I guess, but high prices and incredibly rude service on my last visit to this location.  In the service industry, I'd argue that service accounts for about 80% of the score.  I won't be supporting Tammie Coe until I feel confident that this issue has been addressed -- especially since I never felt that it was spectacular anyway.  And add another vote for way too much frosting as well.  No, I do not care to pay $25 for your tiny sugar bomb of a cake.  I could get one much cheaper and with a smile from the Basha's bakery if I wanted.
2	I really wanted to like Tammie Coe, the decorating is beautiful and she does a lot for charities, but after several attemps I just don't like the flavor. The last time I ordered a TC cake, I took a couple of bites and threw it out. It was sooo pretty, but I just couldn't stomach the flavor. I've also tried a few of their items at LGO, but everything was dry. Maybe they just spent too long on display, which is probably what their cakes should only be used for.
4	Great place. The ooey - gooey cupcakes are unreal. Not always a cupcake fan but these are fantastic.
5	Best cakes in AZ! Yummmmy!
4	Wonderful food. I love that I have multiple options of beverages and snacks/entrees and all of them have been above what I wouldve expected. I love being able to wake up and walk down from my apartment for a treat. GREAT SERVICE TOO!I just wish the size of the venue was larger for more order organization.
2	No Tammie Coe for me.  Not any more.I recently met Tammie - which I thought would be an AWESOME moment in my life - only to find that she isn't all that enthused about her baked goods, or her fans.  Honestly, if you are going to charge me $4 or $5 for a cupcake, you better damn well be nice about it.I had been bragging about Tammie Coe to my new husband for months now, and was SO excited to take him there with his kiddo.  We showed up only to find the place closed.  On a Saturday afternoon.  FOR A MONTH AND A HALF VACATION.Between the "not-so-kind" encounter and the fact that they have been closed EVERY time I have attempted to take him there... I'm over it.  Sorry Tammie Coe.  No more.
4	Came to a humbling realization of how arbitrary reviews can be.  Freak experience, random event, whatever..c'mon, it DOES affect our reviews... and apparently for me, temperature!Got a random assortment - scone, tea cookies, peanut butter bar, brownie, apple bar + loaf of bread.  Driving home in our warm weather and letting the goods rest on the counter, everything tasted ok.  Good but no-rock-the-world great... though the apple bar frosting was resplendent in vanilla flavor (yes, big word for big frosting!).  We just sampled thru everything and packed the remains into the fridge.From there, a magical transformation occurred... cold temps firmed up those heavily butter laden goods... the peanut butter bar and brownie elevated from enjoyable goods to luxurious pleasures.PS.  All my heart and stars, if nothing else, goes for love of MJ's Bread!
3	Love Tammie Coe cakes, they are always so beautifully decorated and taste amazing. I bet you're asking yourself "Sasha..if you love this place so much why the 3 stars???"Well let me tell you, even though these cakes are both yummy and beautiful, they are ridiculously overpriced (yes, I still buy two for company parties... but I digress...). Also, this location is almost ALWAYS closed, my suggestion is to get your little butt over to La Grande Orange Grocery since they sell them there as well. Be sure to grab a brownie or oatmeal cookie if you don't feel like putting a hole in your wallet to get a cake :)
5	CUPCAKE REVIEW-- I love cupcakes, I love Red Velvet, and I am SO glad I found this bakery when I visited Phoenix! I have a passion for great bakeries (mainly cupcakes) and I convince my bf when we are out of town that we have to "try the local flavor" (which means cupcake searching). I bought 4 cupcakes--2 Red Velvet and 2 Ooey Gooey. We took them back to my friend's house and I ate the best red velvet cupcake I have had in awhile. The Ooey Gooey was good as well, but couldn't measure up to the Red Velvet which is my favorite cake anyways. I live in California and have tried them all--Sprinkles included and I *wish*wish*wish* we had a Tammie Coe here. (I even have checked out there site to see about shipping but I don't know if they would be as good as they are fresh) The going rate for a good cupcake is $3-4 anywhere, which these little jewels were priced at so enjoy Phoenix! And Tammie Coe Cakes are welcome anytime here is San Diego!
5	This review is based only upon Tammie Coe's entry into Caramelpalooza. The candy apple caramel tadpole? Amazing!So fun, not sticky, wonderful creation. Great job!
4	I believe that cupcakes are one of the best desserts available.  These miniature cakes seem easy to execute, but I've been to cupcake joints all around the world that have led me to beg to differ!I first found out about Tammie Coe from the 4410 N 40th St location review on Yelp.  It was the closest location to where I was -- and I was searching for the best cupcakes around!  After reading reviews that said the Roosevelt St location was better, I decided to try both.I had the 4410 N 40th St location cupcakes first.This Tammie Coe location has the same cupcakes as the first one -- Red Velvet, Ooey Gooey and Coconut.  I did not try the Coconut because I'm just not a fan in general.Ooey Gooey -- As opposed to the sugar crystal covered cupcake at the 40th St location, this Tammie Coe colored their frosting and gifts you with adorable design aesthetic.  I wondered why they differed, so I asked the gentleman behind the counter. He said it just depended on the day.  This Ooey Gooey was far superior to the one I tried at the 40th St location.  It was moist, sweet -- but not too sweet.  The icing was fresh, sweet with a tad of salt to add a delicious dynamic to a normally mundane cupcake combination.  I remember eating the Ooey Gooey with its chocolate cake and wondering why Tammie Coe offered so little variety.  The lack of sugar crystals made this icing much more enjoyable.  Red Velvet -- I can honestly say that this is the best Red Velvet cupcake I've found in my travels so far.  I'm continually impressed with its quality.  Again, I believe Tammie Coe uses a form of vanilla cake for this cupcake which means it's not a true Red Velvet.  And again, who cares!  This cupcake melts in your mouth.  The icing is divine.  And with this flavor combination, the sugar crystals really add a depth of flavor and textural dimension, which is far different from my experience with the 40th St Ooey Gooey.Service at this location was far superior to the 40th St location.  They offered us water before taking our cupcakes to go, which I thought was a wonderful touch.So, they gave me the BEST Red Velvet I've had in my travels.  Why didn't I give them 5 stars?My biggest complaint of this location (as well as the 40th St location) is their lack of variety.  I'd love to see them tackle something more complex or unique.  While Ooey Gooey has a cute name, it's just a black and white with fun colors.  All in all, go here and get the Red Velvet.  It is the best I've had.  Just don't be surprised if you are disappointed at everything else they have to offer (or, in this case, fail to offer).
5	Great service.  I special ordered a St. Honore cake from this place, after most bakeries refused to try to make one.  They did an excellent job and my family loved the cake.
5	On a 99-degree day in I hMarch, I had a tasty, simple, and fresh prosciutto and parmesan sandwich on a great baguette, followed by an out of this world red velvet cupcake and a good americano.  I'm sold!Seriously, the red velvet cupcake was the finest I've ever had.  I even took a picture and put it on Facebook.  Next time I'm in Phoenix I'm stopping in here for sure.
5	three words. red. velvet. cupcake.
2	Wait is way too long. Needs more staffing and brighter customer service. I know economy is tight and all but removing sides for the $7 and $8 sandwiches for bagel chips...not impressed.
2	I keep going back to Tammie Coe because I love their food!  From the quick grab and go small sandwiches and sides (that are really inexpensive actually) to a delicious prosciutto and Parmesan baguette - it has ALL been good.  The cupcakes, the muffins, the coffee.  The reason I seriously think today was my last time there is because of the staff. I go there on average once a week, but each time the staff has been rude and each time I think 'well, maybe they were having a bad day'. But since it has happened consistently for nearly a year, and numerous other posts mention the same thing, I'm certain its not me or their bad day. It's their very unprofessional attitude.  8 out of 10 times the male cashier has had a dirty shirt on (that was way too tight and downright gross) and a two times I was there, the staff in the back were cooking without shoes on.  As I write this it appears to me how ridiculous it is that I keep going back, but the convenience and the quality of the food is really hard to find so close to my office.  I hope you all have a better experience. But Tammie Coe - if you are reading this... Fire the dark haired extra moody barista and the incompetent, dirty-shirted young man.  The manager (I'm assuming) is a really nice guy, but I can't understand why he is allowing such a potentially amazing store be handled so poorly.My hope is that those people are gone the next time we're there, replaced with helpful, competent people that are welcoming and fun...otherwise I fear Tammie Coe might be another empty downtown storefront.
5	Tammie Coe and MJ Bread is the best place for bread and pastries on the western side of the US. I kid you not.  My family from Illinois is still talking about the Banans Foster cake I got from there five years ago.  I have destroyed many people's diets by taking them there.  During Lent I don't even drive down Roosevelt because I have little self control when it comes to their bread or brioche.  No less than two dozen times I have purchased their food and taken it to work, charity events or dinner parties and every time people fall in love with this food.  The staff are fun and smart and will help you get what you need. It is an outstanding place to pop into for lunch downtown.  The foccacia is so good you can it that for a meal. Tammie is a master cake maker and they are delicious too. I can't say enough how I love their goodies.  Check out their happy hour! Yes- that is right after 4:00 the goodies are half price.  So amazingly good.
4	It had been a while since I'd visited a REAL bakery, so this seemed like a prime choice for First Friday. The pastries were simply beautiful, although most of them looked too sweet for my taste. Cupcakes like red velvet smothered in buttercream? I can't handle that, but you'll probably love it. I opted for a simple blueberry-sour cream muffin, and one of MJs cookies. At $1 each, and $3.25 per cupcake, make sure your sweet tooth doesn't drain your wallet. Part of me wants to complain about the price ($12 for a dozen tiny cookies just doesn't fly!), it WAS the best cookie I've had in years. I'll be back to try some of their fresh loafs of bread. They also make some deli sandwiches. Those seem like they'll be high quality, and a better value.
5	OH MAN! I attended a shower this past Saturday that had a Tammie Coe cake there! It was unbelievable! The cake was a sponge cake, it had some kind of custard filling that may have been made by angels with layers of fresh diced strawberries. So heavenly!
5	I am so glad I found this place.  it's a small tiny shop and everything there was so good.  The bread chips and the sandwich specials - I dont even remember what I had anymore, but i wanted to go back and have another one!  Great people as well!
4	This is a very unique bakery. A couple of times now I've received cupcakes as gifts of congratulations or thank you. I think they make a great gift especially if you don't know what to get someone! Everyone loves cupcakes! The baked goods are not what you may be used to. They are not going to taste sweet and processed with a lot of sugar. The ingredients taste fresh. I love the coconut! Mmmm! They also offer breakfast and lunch! A little hard to find and to park but worth it. Something different and fresh and delicious!
5	I like their coffee shop and go their frequently for breakfast downtown. Illy coffee is good and the breakfast sandwiches are awesome.
5	I'm a sucker for a yummy coconut cupcake and Tammie Coe has the best around as far as I've tasted, and I've eaten a lot of bad coconut cupcakes -- all in the name of research of course.  Keep 'em coming, Tammie!
1	Tried a couple Tammie Coe cupcakes and a mini muffin two weeks ago... Unfortunately for them, I also sampled Ollie Cakes... No wonder Ollie Cakes, aka Urban Cookie, won Cupcake Wars and Tammie Coe sits in high rent selling pretty sugar disguised as a cupcake.Drive a few miles north, get whatever the special cupcake of the day is along with a Brown Velvet and Lemon, and save saying you enjoyed Tammie Coe for impressing snooty folk who wouldn't know yummy if it bit them on the butt!Really, the TC cakes were just cakes... No flavor, no texture, dry... And I can't say how impressed I was that the clerk shoved all my selections into one, tiny, flat bag meant for cookies or sandwiches!  Apparently presentation and flavor preservation mean nothing... As their products now do, at least to me.
4	OMG - I hope this is what heaven tastes like ;-)I'm a big frosting nut, and Tammy's cupcakes are do DIE for! I almost needed a fork...almost, as I shoved every part of it in my face.Our work treated us to these for our annual meeting, and I swear, I think they must love us ;-) So why 4 stars? Would I pay $5 for a cupcake? - No. But are they sugar-fantabulous and the ultimate frosting smackdown - oh yeah!
3	amazing food, super small place -- my closet is bigger than this place!
4	A stop on a (non-First) Friday afternoon to MJ Bread and Tammie Coe Cakes left me very satisfied! Half the fun of visiting this shop is examining all the pretty cakes on display. While there were a few, there were fewer than I'd hoped for. I'd like to think they were so good they sold out before I arrived at 12 noon. And, apparently timing is everything. I ordered a chicken salad sandwich on a croissant (pictured) and within minutes was told they were out of croissants. I was bummed. Low and behold, the woman at the counter quickly learned my sandwich had already been made and announced it was my "lucky day", taking the last of the croissants; tall with its multi-layers. The chicken salad filling was good, though nothing to write home about. Temptation got the best of me, as I suspect it does others. I kept control settling for the mini portion of the chocolate cupcake (pictured). It was truly one of the best cakes I've tasted in a long time, though the orange (it's Halloween season) butter cream frosting was piled a little too high for my taste. All in all, my visit was a pleasant one and I had a lovely outdoor lunch. I hope to be back soon for one (or more!) of their grab-n-go sliders.
5	Most things at T-Coe are pretty tasty. Haven't had something yet that I didn't like. I wish they would be more consistent in what they have available daily, but other than that it's good.
5	Great as always!
5	I have been to Tammy Coe on many occasions and I have to say, each time, it's a treat. The MJ cookie is my all time favorite, simply one of the best cookies I've ever eaten. The mini muffins are fantastic, just the right size to try one or two or three or...Even if you're not into sweets, it's worth checking out the store just to see the artistry of the cakes. Each one is truly a work of art.
4	This shop is walking distance from my office (which I love)! I'm a big fan of the cute little shop with the great patio seating. The turkey and egg salad sandwiches aren't too bad either!
4	We live in Artisan Village so we can literally walk out our door and be at this location in about 30 steps.  It is a great addition to the neighborhood and the only shop along the way that has actually stayed in business.The staff is usually pretty friendly and the food good.  The breakfast sandwiches are really tasty and you can build your own.  The chicken monacco sandwich is also very good and unique.  I have not had one like it anywhere else.The baked good are the highlight and don't disappoint.  The crack cake is as good as it sounds and the brownie is loaded with tasty frosting.  They are a bit pricey but a great splurge treat.
5	Better than Magnolia bakery in Manhattan!!! I thought that was an impossible task. I hate you Tammie Coe! LOL
5	Every once in awhile when I have time, I like to stop for coffee at Tammie Coe Cake Shop on Roosevelt St. in Phoenix. The other day I decided to get a muffin to go with my coffee. What a great decision!! It was the blackberry honey bran muffin and probably the best muffin I've ever had!! I've also had brownies & other sweets there that are really good too.
5	There's really nothing bad to say about Tammie Coe. The staff is very nice and everything I eat and drink from there is amazing. I often go there for a mocha latte and a muffin. That's just how I roll. But I just got a bundt cake for my mom for Mother's Day, and it was delicious. It was chocolatey goodness and everyone loved it.The prices can be a little rough and deter me from buying some of their food items, but when it comes to coffee shops, prices are generally typical with regard to coffees and pastries. The thing with Tammie Coe, though, is that I always like what I get. And they're great at making suggestions if you're clueless and indecisive like me. And here's a plus...they're open on Sundays, now!!! Such good news.
5	Red Velvet Brownie is probably my new favorite dessert!
2	This review is long overdue.  I ordered a cake for my boyfriends birthday.  It was very pricey $45 for a relatively small cake but I figured it was worth it (for the size)  for a high quality cake.  However it was not.  Though the appearance of the cake was good, the cake itself was very dry and with the fondant icing gross.  I've tried a  few other things there  the coconut cupcake, eh bought 2 ended up throwing one away again very dry and not fresh tasting.    For a 'cake' shop somebody needs to learn how to make them properly.  Though I will say the red velvet brownie is very good as well as the brioche.
2	I just bought a Tammie  Coe cake -  the lemon blueberry signature cake, large size, and was very disappointed.  The lemon custard in this cake was so tangy, almost like you're eating raw lemon.  It was too strong for me and the children.  The frosting on this cake is good, but, boy, that lemon custard completely ruined that cake for me.  For a cake that I paid $60.00 for, plus $5.00 tax, for a total of $65.00, I could have gotten a better-tasting cake elsewhere.  Disappointed!
5	Red velvet anything... if you can, enjoy the patio under the shaded trellis and torment the local birds with your delectable crumbs.
5	Spent a week directly across the street from this treasure and didn't go in until 2 days before I was about to leave. SHAME ON ME!!!The moment I walked in I was BLOWN AWAY by the sweet treats and the amazing cakes. It wasn't the heat that was making me lightheaded, it was the awesomeness within.I got a breakfast sandwich of bacon, american cheese, and egg white on brioche. BEST BREAKFAST SANDWICH I'VE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!!! I ended up sharing that day and now 4 days later I wish I hadn't. I also got my girlfriend a red velvet brownie. I put it in my checked luggage and it made it all the way to Charlotte, NC in one piece. My girlfriend ate all of it except a bite or two which she immediately put back in the fridge for another sweet-tooth moment.
3	OK.  First off, let me be clear.  I LOVE Tammie Coe treats.  I was in the area a few weeks ago and in the need for something sweet so I swung by here.  The selection was sparse and disappointing.  Worst off was I got a brownie for me and a cookie for my sweet pea and they forgot to include the cookie I paid for!  There is a much larger selection at LGO.  I'll stick to going there to get my fix.
1	I used to love this place until this past year. The service and operations has gone downhill. They are always out of nearly all their ingredients for their breakfast menu and recently, they could not make COFFEE because their machines were down. Yes, this can happen, but usually a business scrabbles to get things like this fixed. At Tammie Coe, they don't give a crap. It almost seems as if the owners have neglected the Downtown Phoenix location over the past year or so. The desserts are still good, but the service and the employees are awful. It;s really frustrating to go there and not know what you are going to get -  sometimes it's a 30 min wait for iced coffee (not b/c they are busy), employees that can't seem to get your order right, or a large list of menu items that they are out of. They also stopped doing breakfast on the weekends - which makes no sense. I might be b/c they only had one cook, and when he was gone they would just close the kitchen randomly without any sign on the door or anything not the website. I'm really bummed, I used to love their food, but after COUNTLESS chances resulting in disappointment this past year, I am done. I think it really sucks that they don't care to keep things stocked and operational for their Downtown patrons.
5	Bring back the Sweet potato butterscotch cake! So amazing!
4	I've been to Tammie Coe a couple times as I live fairly close to this location. They have some pretty delish baked goods.... I've tried the crack cake (chocolate and mocha deliciousness), red velvet cupcake (cream cheesy frosting of wonderfullness... but hard to eat due to the top being larger than the base and all of the sprinkles), Ooey gooey cupcake (ummm yum!), and the brownie (just ok...way too much frosting). Overall, I don't think this is the most delicious dessert in town, but it is very good and I would (obviously) go back.
4	Mmmmmm.. Mmmmmm. Mmmm... oh wait, i should say more than that I suppose.  Ok, I go to this bakery for one reason and one reason only - RVC.  Ahhh, what is RVC you ask?  haha, you're clearly not a cake conniosseur (neither am I).  BUT my dear, I know DAMN good Red Velvet Cake when I taste it.  I'm orginally from the region that spawned this decadent moist cake.  I know women who make these cakes from scratch that would make you slap 10,00 Mommas.  Once I moved to Phoenix, I started on a quest to find a place where I can get moist decadent RVC.  I've been to just about every notable bakery East of Central.  it took me a little over a year to discover Tammie Coe Cakes at La Grande Orange.  Then I realized the bakery itself was closer to my home and now I go to the shop itself.Hands-down, if you are a RVC fanatic like myself, then you will find that this shop has the best, most authentic RVC prepared in a commercial establishment in Phoenix.  this shop is so conveniently located right off of 7th Street, just after the I10 Exit.  You can't miss it.  You don't want to miss it.  Trust me.
5	Oh Red Velvet how I love your silky and fluffy self!!! So delightful and tasty!! Tammie Coe's cakes is one of my top favorite, from their Ooey Gooey cup cakes to my all-time favorite red velvet cake slice!! The cake is fully rich and splendid!! Ahhhh It's like heaven in a slice!! The Red velvet is a must try if you go!!
4	Grab and go sweets with such convenience.  Chocolate is my go to, but there is an abundance of flavors.  Really enjoy lounging at the great tables out front when the weather is tolerable.  Don't forget the ease of parallel parking out front.
2	Update 4/11/13-- Since they have opened their airport location, they have changed a lot. They do not serve the same sandwiches anymore and almost everything is re-cooked/-pre-ready to go. Not as fresh and nice as it used to be. Sadly, we will not be visiting anymore since our favorite sandwiches are gone and not made to order as before. We have been HUGE fans of Tammie Coe Cakes. It's been at least 3 years that we often get a treat here. Our must haves are the BLT sandwich, everything cookie, blackberry bran muffin (to die for!!) and some other sandwiches that I can't remember their names. They sell all sort of yummy treats. We have enjoyed 90% of everything we have had the last few years. I had a hot chocolate once that was horrible. So I can't comment on the drinks much but their hot chocolate was really terrible. For thanksgiving we order a couple of pies the pecan and the apple one. For some reason when we tried them at the store (small size) they were good, but the big ones were not so good. :( They were good at the store but not the big ones we brought home. We won't try that again. Tammie Coe is expensive, otherwise we would visit more often. It's a great place to get a nice treat. They are super busy in the mornings. The staff is very friendly but not very knowledgeable about allergies or ingredients. The breads are very good too. I have tried a few loaves. However, they go bad or hard super fast. Each time was within a day or two. Tammie is the place to go for small items, simple light lunch or dinner, a treat here or there. We will keep coming as we have figure out our favorites!
1	BIG DISAPPOINTMENT.The cakes in the store looked so pretty, and the girl at the counter packaged them so nicely in little cardboard boxes, I had such high hopes (it was $5 for a small slice of coconut cake so I thought it HAD to be delicious). I sat down to take my first bite and it was like a desert in my mouth - DRY TO THE BONE. Disappointed, I decided to keep eating, hoping that maybe only that one section was dry, but no, the whole slice was dry! Not even eating the parts with frosting helped to add any moisture.I had bought two slices of the ooey gooey cake for my coworkers as a treat for them, but now I feel embarrassed to give it to them in case it sucks as badly as the coconut cake did!I don't understand how a bakery can operate like this!
1	Every other Focaccia bread I have purchased, you can just break a piece off and enjoy right out of the bag, but this herb focaccia ($2.50) at Tammie wasn't like that. It was semi-stale, so it needed a trip to the toaster oven. It still wasn't good then, so either the giant stack of bread that was sitting in the store shelves was baked a day or two ago or their bread just stinks. It was probably the former. Somebody also needs to make a $2 cupcake. Paying $3.50 for a tiny cupcake is a bit much.
5	From the time when she still sold at La Grande Orange to Roosevelt to Central to the Old Town Farmer's Market to Vincent's Camelback Market I've made my rounds on the Tammie Coe collection and thus far have found no difference in quality from place to place and as such my review is the same for each.Items experienced thus far include:  Snickerdoodle, Chocolate Pumpkin Muffin, Maple Bacon Scone, Ooey Gooey, Red Velvet, Dark Cocoa Caramel Ooey Gooey, Carrot Cake, Blackberry Bran Muffin, Portobello Tart, Cinnamon Roll, Plum Streusel Brioche, Almond Butter Pastry, Tammie Coe Butterscotch Crumb Bun, MJ Flourless Chocolate cookie, Tammie Coe "Betters" Cookie, Tammie Coe Blueberry Coconut Tart.Trained from a young age, first by family and later formally, and known by both those who are interested in the culinary arts and those who simply have money to spend on a beautiful wedding or birthday cake I first experienced Tammie's pastry during my interview trip to Phoenix when her goods were still on display at La Grande Orange and as good as her oft raved cupcakes (which I'm told are comparable in texture and flavor to her famous designer cakes) are it is three of her less 'famous' items that make her pastry, in my opinion, 'destination worthy' - the Streusel Brioche a sort of portable French Toast hand Pie with a custard center and bruleed top, the Almond Butter Pastry a dense baton coated thick with confectioners' sugar and a texture somewhere between a buttermilk biscuit and a croissant, an finally the incomparable Crumb Bun whose swirls of sugar shellacked pastry peel away like that of a cinnamon roll with a texture akin to a Kouign Amann only to reveal pockets of rich butterscotch streusel......and yeah, those ooey gooey cupcakes aren't too shabby either - a perfect cake:frosting ratio that, although very sweet at first, gradually reveals the tang of the cream cheese leading to balance - and for those who'd prefer something less sweet I'll also vouch for the impressively moist muffins or the truly inspired tart; a sort of Italian style macaroon meets blueberry muffin.
1	I had a cake made form here...12$ a slice , It looked very pretty and tasted terrible. I would have been better off going to the grocery store.. Its totally not worth getting a cake form here... and when I complained with the company, they told me that it must have been stored at the wrong temp. Cake balls I ordered were good, but again the cake was super disappointing...I am very sorry I ordered form here.
2	They have some cool looking cakes and cupcakes that taste pretty good, but I would say they are pretty expensive and the service they provide is not up to par with what they are charging. I understand that a cake with wrinkles in the fondant drives the prices up, but for that price they better be serving it with a smile and good customer service. First of all, there were not a lot of items to choose from, so they should feel lucky I even chose anything. I was in to get my bro-in-law some cupcakes for his birthday, so I just started picking randomly. We checked in on Yelp and a deal popped up for 10% off your order. Excited to use it, we showed the cashier who looked at us like we were crazy. They then proceeded to call every person that might know anything about this Yelp thing and wasted our time. I finally put my foot down and sternly communicated with them that we were in a hurry so forget about it. They should probably consider revamping their approach in customer service, hiring a new crew would probably be step one. And taking that deal off of Yelp would help too, since the staff isn't honoring it.
4	Best red velvet cupcake ever! The sugar cookies just melt in your mouth. The fondant work on the cakes is great, but I do think they are bit expensive.
5	Very pleased to say my experience was turned from a negative to a positive one! I ordered a few days ahead for my mothers surprise bday party and was super stoked to get the cake, however when I arrived the cake said "Happy Birthday Alisa" my mothers name is Lisa. On top of that the spelling of my last name on the box was incorrect. It's just annoying you'd think the girl that took my order would want to ensure everything was correct considering the money I was spending. She asked for a card over the phone explaining that they needed it to be prepaid in order to start baking and all that so I paid. The day of I received a phone call asking how I was going to pay, so I explained I had already paid and I wasn't going to pay twice so the woman went on to explain that they needed the security code and all that and I told her is give it to her after I saw the cake. After that's there was silence so I'm like um hello, she confirmed that she was still there and I ask if there's anything else she needed she said no so I hung up the whole conversation was just awkward. So when I arrive at the bakery a young man was the one who presented the cake to me. After we discovered the misspelling he immediately called the baker because unfortunately they don't have the tools at the store to write or rewrite what's on the cake. So at this point I'm pretty upset they offered us beverages and cookies and were very apologetic. A few minutes later the young man returned and he erased the "a" in front of Lisa somehow it looked a little sloppy but I was  pleased enough with it, I mean mistakes happen and they handled it very well. As I got to pay they declined and yet again apologized. I am pleased to say that I will definitely be returning and will recommend them to all looking for any kind of pastry! Just make sure you ensure the spelling is correct over the phone should be my only note.
4	Stopped in for some yummy goodness. The nibbles were awesome, but we got there later in the afternoon and they were out of a lot of choices.
2	Have patronized this shop for a few years.  My office is within walking distance.  Prior to the remodeling over this past Summer, the bakery items were much fresher and they had a wide variety of made to order sandwiches.  Not anymore.  They are limited to pre-made sandwiches and salads which are marginal in taste and quality.  And, the pastries taste like they have been frozen. They also use to have a half-price Friday, every 2nd and 4th of the month.  No more.  My favorite has always been the red velvet brownie and today's was stale and definitely had been frozen.  I wish they still had the expanded lunch menu and the fresher pastries.  Disappointed.
3	Perhaps my expectations were too high.  Tammie Coe's reputation for whipping up delicious artfully crafted cakes is well known, and I had hoped to experience that and more when making my first visit to their flagship location in the Roosevelt district.  While the cakes don't disappoint, the location itself could be so much more.The place is pretty tiny and tucked into the bottom floor of a condo complex just a block west of 7th St.  The setup inside is cute with the desserts laid out for display right as you walk in the door.  There's also a refrigerator with drinks and some pre-made salads on the side.  Behind the counter some of the MJ Bread products are prominently displayed along with their chalkboard menu of pastries and other items.  I had heard they now serve breakfast and lunch sandwiches so I thought that would pair perfectly with some of their pastries.So you can imagine my shock when the gal behind the counter said "we have no sandwiches at all today".  Um, what?  She apologized profusely, but really couldn't give me an explanation as to why.  I've read some reviews that they sometimes run out of items towards the end of the day, but right at Noon?  On a Saturday?  C'mon now.  Disappointing.So i decided to just stick to the sweet stuff.  The selection in their display case was fairly limited but I asked for suggestions and the gal suggested their Ooey Gooey Cupcake, Red Velvet Cupcake, and Righteous Brownie.  Each were just over $3 (a little spendy, though each of them are sizable & dense).  The righteous brownie, as advertised was super chocolately, moist, and delicious.  The red velvet cake and ooey gooey cakes were amazing (the amount of frosting on top of both was borderline obscene).  Tammie Coe's creations on the dessert front definitely live up to her reputation.I'll definitely come back at some point, but there's plenty that can be improved upon.  For one, if you advertise a lunch menu of numerous sandwich creations (using their famous MJ Bread), don't suddenly run out at lunch.  Second, how's about a wider selection of treats in the display case?  I get there's only so much space, but with all the foot traffic this area gets, it'd be great to sample some more great creations.  And lastly, might want to put umbrellas for shade around the tables outside.  I like the corner cafe feel they're going for, but as it gets warmer, umbrellas would be a nice addition.C'mon Tammie, I know you can do better.  What I was able to get my hands on was awesome.  I sincerely hope your flagship will have more to offer next time.
3	If you're a fan of sweets, you know about Tammie Coe. As a pastry chef myself, I'm always up for trying sweet spots. I've had Tammie Coe cupcakes from Whole Foods but this was my first time actually going to the store. I went in the morning and the case had very little to offer. Only 3 flavors actually. I grabbed the red velvet and coconut and enjoyed it sitting outside.Their red velvet was definitely better than coconut. The cake is moist and frosting is sweet without being overly so. The coconut was okay but lacked the coconut punch I was looking for. My only gripe was the fact that they keep the cupcakes in cooler so it was ice cold! It was like they just took it out of the freezer 5 minutes ago. Well, and the fact that there were only 3 flavors available.
1	I've purchased signature cakes from Tammie Coe before, but I had a particularly special even planned; a surprise party. Being that I live with the person the event was for, timing for pickup was crucial. I did not want to try "breaking in" another baker this time around and I called on Tammie Coe, as they had not failed me in the past. All communication took place through email, with the exception of payment, as it is rather difficult to reach them by phone. I had requested the cake be available to pick up between 10am-12pm, while my wife was at work, as not to raise suspicion while I was on my 60 mile round trip trek. When I arrived I was told there was no cake, and that it was scheduled to be picked up between 4-6pm. After explaining the situation and that I had email confirmation of the pickup time, they tried contacting the other location where the cakes are made, but no luck. I then tried calling, but to no avail. Finally Tammie called the store back. I was given a insincere "sorry" by one of the workers and told I would have to come back at 2pm. My window of opportunity had closed for me to be able to pick up the cake and I had to burden a friend to drive 50 miles round trip. I allowed a week for someone to call me and offer a apology, something, anything, but nothing. Apparently 478.00 on a custom cake does not doesn't warrant an apology when they screw up. The whole ordeal raises suspicion about the very same email, which contained other pertinent information about the size and not wanting to hinder the design of the cake, and whether or not it was received; I suspect not since the cake was relatively small considering.
1	I'm writing this only after waiting for a response to my complaint to Tammie Coe Cakesand not hearing from them. I gave them the chance to address my concerns and when they obviously didn't care enough to explain, I thought I'd write to warn others.  The cake I ordered was for a graduation party.  It was to be in the shape of the A from U of A.  The A was almost right, just a bit incorrect at the base of the logo.  The cake tasted weeks old...gritty, dried out, and inedible.  It was very expensive and I drove downtown Phoenix from North Scottsdale to pick it up to avoid their ridiculous delivery charge.  Due to the disappointment in the cake and their lack of concern, I would not recommend this company to anyone.
