4	I was so excited on Wednesday night to visit Duckworth's Grill & Taphouse-- IN BALLANTYNE! I have frequented the location on Park many times previously and was a fan. The Ballantyne location certainly trumps the one on Park Road. For starters, the dining area is much wider and more open. While the atmosphere is certainly different at the Park Rd location (bustling, college kids and yuppies uniting in small cramped spaces to enjoy rich brews), the Ballantyne Duckworth's appealed to me more. I didn't feel like I was in the stranger-next-to-me's conversation, nor did I ever once rub shoulders with anyone but the man I was sitting in our booth with.  The overall noise level was much lower, making the entire place very chill. I should mention that most people probably didn't know it was open yet, so I should reassess the place in a couple of weeks.The food we ordered was pretty good-- nothing special. I got a Caesar salad, and Casey ordered some sort of spicy, garlic-parm wings. Nothing to write home about, but not bad either. And they did soak up the beer we consumed, which was sort of the point. Two delicious beers I ordered that require recognition are:Duck Rabbit Rabid Duck and Founders Devil Dancer. Delicious dark high gravity goodness.The waiters, waitresses and hostess were all very friendly and attentive. Our little waitress was nice, but oppressing with her neediness for attention. Other than that, the entire experience was chill. I can't wait to go back!
5	Was hoping I'd get one more 1st review, but somebody barely beat me to it.  This place opened lat Tuesday and I've been 3 times already.First all I just need to say what a great location, layout, and selection of beers.  This place found a niche in that area that needed to be filled, with Mellow Mushroom coming down the street I'm thinking Ballentyne will be a new beer hub for the Charlotte area.  So many great beers, its not really worth even naming them, a wall of taps worthy of being dubbed "a flying saucer".  They even have $3 daily pint specials.The food, well I've only had it once, and it was pretty good.  Much better than what you think of when ordering bar food.  They have your basic sandwhiches, soups, and salads, but many entrees and lunch specials as well.  My chicken sandwich was good, but my sweet potato fries were cold.All-in-all I think this will be my new spot when in the area, great beer at somewhat reasonable prices.
4	I have been going to Duckworths on Park Rd. for a few years now and really enjoy it, so I was really glad to see this one opening up a little closer to the house.This location is set up in similar fashion to the Park Rd. location, but much larger, and about twice as many TVs. The place is pretty nice, but not much in the way of atmosphere.The service was pretty good. Our server was attentive, and very pleasant. My glass was never empty for longer than a minute or two without him checking on us. He seemed to know the food menu fairly well, but didn't have the same level of understanding of the beer menu.The selection is terrific. 80 Taps + 1 cask. If you can't find a beer that suits you here, you won't find one anywhere. Really a vast selection of great local and regional beers, as well as some Midwest and west coast beers. The food is the same menu as the other Charlotte location. Decent food at a decent price. Nothing that will knock your socks off, but better than many beer centric places that I have been.Overall, this is a great addition to the Charlotte beer scene.
5	Excellent place to try different beers
5	The night before Thanksgiving is a challenging time for any restaurant, and given how new restaurants take some time to shake out their service and food,  I was nervous about visiting the brand new Duckworth's Grill in Ballantyne, until I checked out the Yelp reviews.Duckworth's was packed when we arrived, but we waited only about 20 minutes for our table. The menu is the same as the other location. As expected, the beer selection is phenomenal. We ordered chicken fajitas for two and chips with ranch as an appetizer.The food was good, but what was most impressive, to me at least, was the service. The restaurant was crowded (standing room only at the bar) and every available table was filled. For a new restaurant, I'd expect service issues, but there were none. Our server was prompt and attentive. There were bussers coming by every few minutes, and as soon as a plate or glass was empty, they offered to take it from us. The manager even stopped by to talk to us and make sure everything was okay. Duckworth's was running like a well-oiled machine on what was surely one of their busiest nights since they opened.We're thrilled to have Duckworth's in the neighborhood here, and based on our experience, we'll undoubtedly become regulars.
1	Hey there last night we ordered pizza. 45 minutes later the manager comes out and tells us they dropped the pizza on the floor. so they are going to make us a new 1. an hour and 20 minutes. it took to get 1 pizza. and how much did I pay. full price. great customer service for making a customer wait so long
2	Went on a Saturday.  It was very busy but we only had a 10 minute wait. Normally I don't like the trendy sports bar look.  We counted over 30 TVs...that's kind of obnoxious.  Speaking of of obnoxious the noise level was deafening.I had the Hero Burger, which was actually pretty good.  Unfortunately I picked baked beans as a side because I was in the mode for them.  One bite...the rest were destined for the bin.My wife had the bar-b-que.  She said it was passable after drowning it in vinegar.  I could not eat it with that much vinegar.The service was...well...he was trying.   But he put his thumb in my nachos, forgot that he told me that he was going to bring me a spoon for my beans, and had to be reminded to refill my drink.   But he was a nice kid.They did have free WiFi...for my fellow technogeeks.Bottom line is that we won't go back.  Pity, I did like the burger.
3	I love this place for two things:  the cheese steaks and the Wednesday pizza. The thing that kills me is that although the beer selection is great, having to look at a spreadsheet type of menu only to find that the beers come in four different glass sizes is disappointing. Most bars give a 14 or 22 oz glass but Duckworths gives an 8.5 oz, 11.5 oz a 14, etc. why not just have one or two glass sizes and charge accordingly?  I'd rather pay a premium for a good beer that is in a beer sized glass than pay for what I'd call 1/2 a beer. I'll only go there for bottled beer, cheese steaks and pizza....all that they do well.
5	This new location of Duckworth's is right down the street from my office, so when I wanted to meet a friend for a holiday dinner, it seemed the natural choice.  There was a little bit of a wait, but that's to be expected the week of Christmas.  Other than that, we had a great time.  Duckworth's atmosphere is like pretty much any other new-style beer and burgers joint: think Hickory Tavern, etc.  However, in my opinion at least, Duckworth's far outshines the competition.  Probably the coolest thing about the place is its large and diverse draft beer selection.  The fact that our waitress was very knowledge about the list and could speak about anything we were interested in was a huge plus.The food was good, too.  I ordered a Carolina burger, with chili and slaw, which is one of my favorite ways to eat said food item.  It hit the spot.I will be back to Duckworth's.
4	Best selection of beer AND great food!  This is a major plus for the suburbs...I had the chicken fajita (on special on Monday :) and they were amazing!  Veggies grilled to deliciousness, chicken nice and tender-just the way I like it!  The portions are huge and reasonably priced.  Draft beers are $3 on Mondays at this location and there is a very impressive list!!
4	Can't say that I expected a whole lot but I was pleasantly surprised to find the beer list as long as my arm and them carrying several of my fav's.  The place was packed on a Monday ($3/pint night) so you never know if the service can maintain.  All in all I thought they did a great job, quickly seated and catered to right away.The food was fantastic too.  I had the flat bread BBQ chicken and jalepeno pizza paired with fried pickles.  Yummy bar food...my secret love.  Now that I know this place is doing $3 pint night on Monday and Carolina Ale House is $3 pint night on Wednesday, I've only got 5 more places that will cover the other days of the week!  Let the hunt begin!
2	I had dined at Duckworth's on previous occasions and had been very pleased with both the food and the service. On my last visit, when I brought along my wife, it was an entirely different experience. The server, seater, and manager all kept hovering around us, revisiting our table every two to three minutes, to where we could not even converse without being interrupted. Even after being asked several times to just leave us alone, we were still being bothered by the over-solicitous behavior to the point where we finally abandoned the remains of our meals, paid, and left. We will not be returning to Duckworth's.
4	Finally made it into Duckworth's for a Girls Night Out recently. We ordered a bevvy of different brews, salads and appetizers. Everything was  good and the service at our table was fantastic.  The service in the bar area was not so great as the bar was super-busy. It definitely is a happening place with plenty of drink specials and a brew for just about anyone.  Our server was able to suggest a couple of options besides just the standard options like Redbridge (brewed from Sorghum) or Budweiser (primarily rice) for one member of our party who is senstive to gluten. The bar area is a good size and there are plenty of tables and booths in the rest of the place. TV screens are everywhere in case you are looking for a place to watch some sports. The menu had a nice variety of entrees, sandwiches and salads.  I am looking forward to going back for lunch or dinner next time.
4	Long, long ago in Charlotte....far, far away? Whatever. I visited Duckworth's off of Park Rd long ago for a beer with some colleagues and didn't have the pleasure of perusing their menu in full. I had been meaning to revisit and explore their array of Philly's and, boy, am I glad that I did. My wife and I went last night to the Ballantyne location. Went around 7:30, so it wasn't slammed. Got a nice booth all to ourselves. Big enough to stretch out and play a little bit of paper football. Our server, Bailey, was very bright, funny and helpful. They have TONS of beers on draught. Much to our everlasting joy, plenty of NoDa and Birdsong brews as well. Beers came out nice and cold and our appetizer shortly followed. Here's a tip: Get the Buffalo & Bleu Cheese Chips as an app. Awesome homemade chips with a generous helping of bleu and buffalo sauce. Not overpowering and perfect pair for a great Pale Ale from Birdsong. Entrees were next, of course. My wife got the Caprese Sandwich. It was delightful. Chalk full of fresh mozz, tomatoes and basil on a hoagie. The first of its kind that I've seen. Sweet potato fries to accompany. They were pretty standard with a honey mustard dip. I had the pleasure of experiencing the Buffalo Chicken Philly. Not an avid Philly eater, but this one was great. Finely chopped, smothered with cheese and buffalo sauce....Yeah, I was a happy camper. Delicious. The onion rings could use some work. You know, the kind where you snap a bite out of one and the whole onion comes trailing behind? Yeah...I hate being left with a deep-fried, onion-flavored tube of goodness, too. Not a deal breaker, but just an opportunity for some improvement. My hat's off to you, Duckworth's. You'll have us coming back on the regular for sure. Especially if you keep having CoCo Loco on draught!Cheeers!
4	Ok, so i will be the first to admit that my drink order anywhere usually goes like this: server/bartender "So, what can i get you to drink" , me "What's cheap?", server/bartender "blaaaadeblaadeblaaa", me "then pbr it is!". I don't necessarily prefer it this way,  im almost broke most of the time. But now, now that Duckworth's is open right down the street from my house AND they have $3 draft nights on Mon and Wednesday I can get a reprieve from the peeebeeeers (i hate that word) and cheap booze. Now, I don't claim to know a lot about beer. I do know that i like Belgium Strong Ales. So started with a few samples (They are happy to let you sample any thing that is on draft) Decided on one of the 10%+ abv. dark ales- still only $3. Hell yes. Had a few of those throughout the evening and the table shared the hangover pizza for noms. Pizza was pretty tasty. Can anything with 3 types of bacon on it not be?  My only teeny tiny gripe is with the egg and its the same as when i had the steak and egg philly on my last visit. I dig eggs on burgers with runny yolks.  Instead, here the egg is scrambled and mixed in with everything. Not really what i was expecting. Overall, cool place. Service is good, food is decent and the beers are awesome. I highly recommend checking it out on a $3 draft night.
1	Bland food and bland service. I will not be coming back.
3	I went with a couple of co-workers to grab a bite at lunch today.  The food was ok but our service left a lot to be desired on this visit.  I tried the fish tacos today. They were not the best fish tacos I have have ever eaten, but they were ok. The tacos were served with a side of chips and a pineapple-mango salsa.
4	This is a great place for an inexpensive meal where you can veg out and watch way to much sports on tv or relax with friends. They have a great assortment of  beer and a full bar.  They do have beer tastings midweek so they take beer very seriously.  They also have housemade daily specials. My two favorite things are the Mamoos wings and the salted sweet potato fries with honey mustard. All the sauces and dressings are homemade and they will accommodate you.  Sometimes I just can't justify the fatty foods so I order boneless chicken breast with the Mamoos sauce and a big salad with their awesome honey mustard.  They have no problem helping me out with that even though its not on the menu.  Love it here.
4	Love the beer selection. There are so many available, and they are constantly getting new additions. The food is good and your standard bar food. However, something about the place keeps me coming back. The pizza is surprisingly good. Be sure to try to the homemade chips. Add some seasoning salt for the extra zing. For Meat eaters, check out the steak.  The only thing lacking is a Veggie Burger. There are limited Veggie items.
2	LOVE the beer selection!!! If you're looking for a great pub to have a few drinks and watch some sports, this is it!!! Amazing tap and bottle selection from micro breweries all over the country and world!!! I'm a complete beer snob, and was really impressed... Found some options that i've had trouble tracking down just about anywhere else. Quite impressed...That being said, the service and food were flat out awful. Our server was completely lost the entire time. Brought us the wrong drinks, never brought us the waters we requested, came out with the wrong food and took forever to replace it, didn't know the menu and seemed completely lost... I would have imagined that a college kid on their first night would be more attentive and knowledgeable... To be fair, they were busy when we were there, but still, i would expect a lot more.Food was terrible... Fried pickles looked like they had taken one of those economy jars of sliced pickle chips, dipped them in batter and fried them (NOT fried pickle spears). They were terrible and tasted like they had been made in a walmart parking lot... Wing appetizers i ordered were decent, but only because there was so much sauce it covered up the burnt taste of the overcooked wings... Wings were tough and tasteless (with the exception of the sauce, which was actually quite good). We also ordered nachos which  were pretty lousy, and a salad that came out with the piece of meat completely cold and uncooked in the middle. All in all, unless you're planning on saddling up to the bar for a few drinks, i'd stay away... There's a mellow mushroom (i know, it's a chain, but much safer in this case) right across the street that has a similar drink menu, and significantly better food and service!!!
4	I've been here for both lunch and ... beer.  Both are very, VERY good.  I had the Baja Fish Tacos -- pretty darn scrumptous!!  And the extensive beer list will please any variety of preference.  And if you're overwhelmed with all the choices, try their beer sampler (always a must-do on your first visit).Plenty of TV's to carry all sports programs - not one bad seat in the house. New outdoor patio is concrete with an awning covering from the outdoor elements ... and seating (i.e., outdoor couch).  Typically the smokers' escape ...
1	I liked it at first, but recently the service has been HORRIBLE!! We waited in our booth for over 10 minutes and still didn't receive any water or menus at least. The staff were so busy vacuuming and cleaning around us. (this was on a friday night with hardly anybody there)When we finally got up to leave, a waitress comes by and asks if we have been helped??? (ugh 2 people sitting down at a table with no water, no menus, no drinks, no food???? what do you think??)I told her we had been waiting at least 10 minutes and her only response was that no one told her!!!!The food is good, but not worth it since you will be waiting a LONG time to get served. This was already the 3rd time since we had to wait to get a menu or anything. I recommend you go to MELLOW MUSHROOM across the street instead.
2	Below average bar food. Appetizers are ok. Good atmosphere though and good drink specials.
3	Great beer selection, decent liquor prices (although could switch up the liquor specials once in awhile), and pretty good food. The salads are great, as are the main entrees, but I would stay away from the traditional pizzas (kind of blah, hence why they're are special quite a bit). Great place to watch a game and have some drinks, but the service in the bar area can be hit or miss. Some days you get a great, attentive server, other days you can't even remember what your server looks like because you haven't seen them in awhile. However, probably one of the better watering holes in the area.
4	Love all the draft beers! I tried a couple local brews (Triple C & Birdsong). We ordered the Sweet & Bold wings. Nice texture, good spicy flavor. It was a little heavier on the bold than the sweet. We also ordered the Loaded Nachos w/ chili. This thing is huge! Large amounts of toppings, just needs more chips. The service was ok. It wasn't slammed but busy. The waiter just seemed uninterested. Lots of TVs for all the games! Overall, a good experience.
4	The nachos are amazing!!  They are very large though if you are going to get them, you might not need to order meals depending on how many people are splitting them.  The hangover pizza wasn't that good.  I really like the Caprese Sandwich though.  They have a really good selection of beers.
4	I have been to the Ballantyne location of Duckworth's many times, as it is down the street from me, so very convenient location.  Great beer selection and mostly basic pub type food are on the menu here. Food is ok at best for me.  I have had good and bad, but maybe I am just picky.  The one drawback is that it gets crazy busy during peak hours and consequently very loud.  Not the best place to have a quiet night out, but they have great beer special, which is 3$ pints on most of their 80 or so taps. As far as service is concerned, I have had good and bad, but I will say that it has been great the last 3 times that I was there, even when it was crazy busy.Best time that I had at Duckworth's was when I went for a few late night drinks on a Saturday recently with the wife after going out to dinner somewhere else.  It was on the way home, so easy enough to pop in.  There were a few people watching some late night college football games, but for the most part it was a relaxed atmosphere and the service was great.
3	Pretty standard sports bar. Good layout, with plenty of HDTV seats. Beer selection is expansive. Feature beer night I went was watermelon. I tried it... Yech! Why even put it on the menu?I only ordered the french fries, which were good.
4	Good food, great atmosphere. even with little kids we enjoyed it.
5	When I lived in Ballantyne, I was 10 min away from this place. Now I'm in uptown, and I wish it still were 10 min away from me. There are so many awesome things to note about this place.Firstly, this is such a great place for sports fans. They have 40-odd TVs... Yep, you read that right, 40... Each one showing a different game so a great settlement for parties that have a variety of interests or when there are multiple games going on simultaneously.The service is pretty decent. One particular thing worth mentioning was how much the hostess was concerned about my meal when i ordered my steak medium-rare and it came out well done. She looked at it and said "oh yeah, that's definitely not medium-rare" and quickly had it taken away and brought another steak. Kudos!Also, I love their beer selection although I really dig their Strawberi Fruili (pardon me if I misspelled that) which is a strawberry beer. I always get their beer sampler because I think it's a very good value for money.As for food, here's my favorite part. They have the best home style chips I've ever tasted in the United States. I always get the sirloin steak because they just make it so perfect every time. They also have nice sides, the over roasted veggies and sweet potato fries being my favorite. My boyfriend is crazy about their Jalapeno Chicken. And the Seasoning Salt they have at the tables is a fantastic addition to everything, from the fries and roasted veggies, to steaks. Mmmm, writing about this is making me drool already. I think I'm off to get me some sirloin steak!
4	I went here with a couple of friends on a Friday night for $4 well drinks.Duckworths has an extensive beer list which always includes at least one cider. Our waiter was Joshua and I thought he was great. He knew the beer list extensively, which I know could not be easy. We ended up getting the cheeseburger, baked potato, fried pickles, and loaded nachos. I really enjoyed all of the food, in particular the cheeseburger. I thought the pickles were a little salty, but the nachos were also very good. My husband was able to get $5 Patron shots which is a great price. Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves with the great food, great service, and tons of TVs.
4	I have been to Duckworth's numerous times since its opening in Ballantyne and have always enjoyed the food .This particular time I had a pizza while my family had the chicken phillies and quesadias which were good as always.  My husband and son always enjoy the variety of beers and on this trip had the sampler. Our waiter was very knowledgeable of the all the beer they had on tap.  All in all it was a very enjoyable evening.
5	Awesome food. Lots of beers on tap and a great place to watch games.
5	This is my current favorite place to get bar food.  They have a great selection of beer on tap.  I am a little skeptical about places with so much beer because the beer can sit for a while and get old.  I have never had a problem with taste here.  They always have a $3 dollar special, sometimes two.  Thursdays at this location is pint night and most pints are $3.  This is a great deal for some of the beers you can only get in a 22oz bottle at the store.  On Sundays they tap a "rare beer" last Sunday is was a "1809 Professor Fritz Sour" very good but it was not cheap.  They list all of their beers and specials online.  This is good because you can spend a lot for a bar but if you play your cards right you will come out on top.  I like to get the boneless wings with the sauce on the side.  This helps them stay crispy.The last time I came here my food was very hot when it came out.  It brings me much pleasure to have food that needs to cool a little before eating.  I got the smokehouse Philly which was not my style but the quality was amazing.  The garlic fries are awesome!Service was great.  Our server had just come in and was not sure what the beer specials but was very pleasant and offered to bring me a sample of the beer before I got one.  I can't wait to go back.
4	There's a great selection of beers, and some decent bar food. All in all a little pricey,  but it's still a great experience.
5	Love love love this place . When it comes to places to eat I'm a very picky and hard person to please and this place was on point with everything .. The staff is great, food hot, orders were taken correctly and arrived to the table correctly .. And anytime I decided to write a review then you know that Duckworths is the place to visit ... I'm looking forward to the football season, cause I've just found a new place to watch the game !!
4	Having been caught in the Ballantyne area last Sunday with no other option, my wife suggested that we try Duckworth's again. This time, the service was greatly improved from our previous visit some 15 months prior, and it seems that the management had changed much for the better. The Teriyaki wings were terrific and the staff was friendly and helpful but not at all intrusive. I'm glad to see that Duckworth's is back to being a great place to visit.
5	We love Duckworth's!  Every time we have been the service has been excellent.  They have a great selection of beers--they have everything from local NC brews to some of my favorites from when I studied abroad in Belgium in college.  Their wings, phillys, and flatbreads are all excellent.  My husband likes the "sweeter" version of the sweet potato fries.  We love to try new things every time we go and have never been disappointed.
3	If you like watching sports on TV, this place is for you!  My husband counted 46 TV's! They also have lots of beer choices, and plenty of vegetarian options! I tried the Fried Banana Pepper rings, which were surprisingly awesome (considering I don't like banana peppers), and the sweet potato fries as appetizers. Really good! For my entree I got the Caprese sandwich. It was good enough (nothing special, but good), and I got one side item with that, and I chose the roasted corn kernels. Those were REALLY good! My husband tried the veggie burger and really liked it. My kid got a cheese pizza that he liked, and we tried the cheesecake for dessert (nothing special). I would go back again because of all the choices.
2	I came here thinking I'd give it a show as someone had told me it was pretty good. I should have known better considering I'm not overly fond of chain restaurants. There are some good ones out there and I thought maybe this could be a good one to catch the football games at on occasion come August. Yeah not even close.  They have a multitude of televisions but they are all small. Not a single large screen tv in the place and that was disappointing. The wait staff was not on their A game and it took us forever to get our order in and to get our check at the end of the meal. I ordered the chicken pesto sandwich with sweet potato fries. The pesto tasted like it came from one of those packets you get at the grocery store. It was very runny and mediocre. The fries tasted good but they were swimming in butter. I know I asked for them sweet (you get a choice of sweet or salty), but I wasn't expecting there to be butter pooling on my plate from them... gross!!!  My mom got a bacon cheeseburger and while the bacon was plentiful (as in way too much.. I know what am I saying right) it was well under cooked. She had to pick 90% of it off and by the time she was done there was a pile of bacon on her plate sky high.Their beer selection seems to be a good one and although I didn't have any they had a lot of local choices as well as the usual. So I give them an extra star purely for the beer list. Overall I will not be back here!!
5	I ate lunch at Duckworth's on Thursday, July 25th and had the most awsome Chicken Quesadillas I've ever tasted.  And our waiter, Chris, was the absolute best. I highly recommend this restaurant.  :)
1	We went on Saturday and they tried to sit us in the very back corner, beside the bathrooms, tucked in with 3 or 4 tables with kids. It looked like Chuck E Cheeses. No. Then they tried to make us sit at a high top in the bar.There were empty tables and booths all over, but the only available seats were in the kid's section, or at a high top?I don't think so. We went to the new Indian place in the shopping center, and were very happy.
5	My go to sports bar in all of Charlotte.  Great apps, awesome fried pickles with ranch.  Best pizza in the entire city, they have an amazing Philly with an option to include a fried egg in it...sounds bizarre but it works.  Fries are great plain, garlic or cheese.  Have tried so many things here and have never been disappointed.  Large menu, TV's at every angle, not a bad seat in the entire place.Service is spot on, attentive, always have been well taken care of. Duckworth's, you will not be disappointed
3	Plenty of draft beers, and lots of spaces, along with some interesting menu choices. Perhaps the first time I've ever seen fried banana peppers (which were decent - maybe why I've never seen them before).The biggest problem, like many of this sort of place, is that it can get really loud because it's so open. Not bad if you're looking for a bar scene. But if you're more into the grill aspect, and just want to sit down and enjoy your meal, then it may be a bit more difficult to relax and have a nice conversation.Also can be difficult to get servers to come by if they don't think you're there for drinking - at least that was the impression we were left with.
5	Great food and beer selection.  Love the local brews!  New flat bread pizza with pesto chicken is my new favorite.
4	We have even here two times already. We have visited the Ballantyne location and the South Park location and they were both great. I love all the selections they have for beer! We'll definitely be back!
4	Great selection of local and national beer.Great place to hang out with a large group.
3	Came here because of a recommendation from a friend.   fried pickles-3wings-3-they claimed whatever the sauce was to be award winning.   Disagree.bbq pork sandwich-1 (i don't know how this is possible in NC but it was-disgrace)however my garlic fries get a 4. beer selection would be the only reason i would come back here.
4	Slow for a Monday night but service was excellent. Grabbed a Cobb Salad and some wings. Salad was a huge portion! It was well worth the money! If you haven't been, check it out. You will become an instant fan. Prices are very reasonable for a meal that is sure to fill you up. All I have to say is that they know what they're doing back in the kitchen. Give it a try. This is my 4th time here (forgot to check in a couple times). They will continue to get my business.
2	We came here with several friends on a business trip.  The fried pickles were ok, the wings were nothing special,  and my friend hated her bbq pork sandwich and said it was terrible.  I had the Island Fiesta Tilapia which was eh, and my other friend had the Baja Fish tacos.  I'm not sure why I kept ordering fish in NC thinking it would be good.  The fruity girly drinks were terrible.
3	Used to be much better. Their prices have gone up and the food has become pedestrian. (Trust the reviews that mention the food isn't very good.) They are trying to bank on being a nicer sports bar, but to do that, you have to have good food.Still, it's not a bad sports bar as sports bars go, just nothing out of the ordinary. The saving grace of Duckworths is the selection on tap; it's excellent.
4	Great beer selections, local, craft, national...tons of taps! Depending on when you go (game days are crazy in there, very loud, but, if you get there early enough to grab a table in the bar area, watching a game there can be lots of fun). Service is good as well, even when they are busy, they usually have an expediter run your food or drink if the staff is overwhelmed. Management sometimes stops by when we are there to ensure our experience was good, not every time we are there, but about 50% of the time one makes it over to us before we leave. As for the food, it's bar food folks, some of it is going to be good and some isn't. The buffalo blue cheese chips are a hit with our family, but not so much the nachos. The flatbreads are yummy, as are the burgers. I am a wing lover, and can eat the spiciest of the spiciest out there. Their hotter hot are still totally tolerable, not as hot as they sound, but good overall. The best wings in the house though, are the mommoo's, in a vinegar based sauce. A must try. Greasy but delicious! Make sure to ask them to chargrill finish them, its worth the extra charge! Overall, if you select your food right (remember this isn't fine dining folks, its a bar) and order a draft beer to your liking, you will definitely enjoy your experience here.
4	GREAT place to watch games!!! SO MANY TVS!! The food is good as well, they are very accommodating and have a great selection of beers.
5	Stopped here for the first time and had their lunch special.  It was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  Oriental pork sandwich, with cole slaw and sriracha for some added heat.  FANTASTIC!
5	Nina was our server (good service btw). My wife and I had the Applewood Bacon cheese burger. She had the sweet potato fries w/ cinnamon and sugar added (she raved about it). I had the regular fries and added malt vinegar which was perfect for me. Kids had chic quesadillas, pizza, Philly chz... loved it. The best was  philly. Ma-in-law had the Philly which she thought was delisious. Great atmosphere and a booth fit all 7 of us with only a 10 minute wait on a Friday night. Love love loved it.
5	This place is just great! I have just found this place in my neighborhood and I luv it! The drink specials are awesome and SO many beers to choose from. They do have a beer club free of charge and they do a sample round as well. Their wings so awesome and the Gold N Bold are my FAVE!!
4	I love the Duck!  Best wings in the area, always a lively crowd and enough TV's to keep you busy!!  Great service!
2	Great beer selection. More tv's than you can shake a stick at, or anything else you want to shake at them. The service I must admit was pretty bad. Our waitress was slow, didn't really seem interested in serving us, but she was a real doll besides that.......Food was masticated with my chewing parts, so I will tell you what I thought. Bleh.Weak even for bar food. If I was more drunk than I was, it may have been decent. Didn't stop me from eating it, but just plain old bleh. The Philly cheese steak was dryer than Cloris Leachman watching an autopsy, and the boneless chicken wings were were about as tasty as my sock. Onion rings and tater tots were pretty good. Skip the food, pound the beer and you'll be ok.
5	Our son LOVES their pizza!!! (Loves it)! We like that it's truly family friendly and a dependable, decent place in the neighborhood.
2	So I have been here several times for years now and my experiences are usually pretty good. When I go to eat certain servers are on point (like the last time I went about a month ago) (It was a a guy and he was AWESOME) But the few times I have sat at the bar my time there was not so great. Last night was just plain BAD.. I was handed the beer list and actually already knew what I wanted but before I could say anything the bartender walked away and I yelled out my order anyways because who knows when he would be back to our side. I get my shot (in a hot shot glass) and slammed it while the person I was with has YET to be asked if THEY want anything. So who Im assuming was the manager asked us if we need anything and took our orders and was very sweet and attentive while the one bartender has yet to even say anything to us...after the manager got our drinks the one FINALLY asks if we were good Im like Um yea now. I felt like I was waiting and waiting when I had money to spend at that bar it made me want to leave when I saw a man come up they clearly knew and get a drink and tab and go when I had been waiting. Finally I asked for my tab because I was sick of waiting for someone to take my orders and I waited 15 minutes and had to walk over and get it. I could understand this if the bar was slammed but  it was not. I would go back but screw sitting at the bar I would rather tip a nice server. Good beer selection though I will say that's what keeps us coming back.
3	Great beer selection and pretty good wings. Last time we got two large orders to go. They were over charred and tasted like they had been cooked on a dirty grill. Pretty yucky. Usually they have decent wings though.
4	Great bar food here. They are very accommodating and you are never rushed. Wifi is also available.
4	I've been out to a few different Duckworth's locations now and they seem to do a good job at keeping their atmosphere and service above par without being "cookie-cutter" by any means. I came out to this location after work one day and took advantage of the all drafts $3.50 special. Great place to come out for a few drinks with co-workers, but also looks like a fresh joint for low-key nightlife. I haven't had their food here yet, but assuming it is on the same quality level as the other locations, you won't be disappointed.Again, the atmosphere and service shine here. TV's all over for good sports coverage on associated game days.
4	Pretty standard Taphouse. I stopped in with my family for a quick bite. I got the chix philly, the rest of my party indulged in a slab of ribs, steak philly and wings. Again pretty standard food. Really not much more to add... The place won't "wow" you, but it's a solid American dining experience. The 4th star is because they carry the hubs favorite beer Nitro.
4	We sat at a "communal" table which means first come first served in the bar, but others may join you. We were lucky in that nobody sat across from us. We came to celebrate a birthday and to watch the UNC football game because the Ballantyne Hotel doesn't get ESPN-U; which is where the game was broadcast.We had Spencer as a server and while I believe he also had a 15+ top outside plus other bar tables, he was cranking it out! He was very on point and attentive. He always checked on us. When we needed something or when something came out missing an item, he took care of it in record time.I was very impressed with him as out waiter. The shots ($5 chilled Patron) was a good deal... We had several! The wings were good - get them extra crispy! We also got some fried pickles; which as odd as they sound, are quite good and salty. We also had a few beers before I asked for a Diet Coke (needed some caffeine!) We share a large cheesesteak. Unfortunately, they forgot our onions - but Spencer and the manager fixed it right away. The steak was sadly very over-cooked and chewy; I probably wouldn't order that again. The chips were good with ranch. ...and the ranch was quite good too!We finished with their Reese's cake/desert. It was very very sweet and clearly was pre-made and frozen before thawed and served. I had a few bites hit didn't love it. Which says a lot because I'm a sweet-a-holic!All in, we were here several hours. While our tab after tip was just over $90 - for the area and considering the alcohol we had it was ok. We came here for wings, beer and bar food; they had it and then some...
4	Great wide selection of bears. Lots of local options (I wish they had OMB on tap). Great specials every night and the tacos rock!
4	My boss ordered dinner for us to celebrate his 1 year anniversary with our company and some other milestones for my colleagues.  My manager picked up the food for take out and we ate our meal together while working.I had the vegetable fajitas.  Very good!  Food was fresh, seasoned perfectly and great portion size!  All of my colleagues ordered a variety of items and everyone was satisfied.Prices are reasonable.  They have a variety of vegetarian options.  They offer eat in and take out.  I would gladly go back, eat in or take out and try other selections from the menu!  Two thumbs up!
4	Service was excellent, extensive on tap beer selection. Blue cheese chips were delicious! Only flaw was the flatbread I ordered was not crispy enough in the middle and was a little soggy but flavor was great!
4	Great beer selection. Only place I've ever been able to find strawberry fruli. The shrimp flatbread is so delicious! Definitely a place to try.
5	This has become my favorite spot to go after work. Being a beer nut I can always find a great selection of local brews. The service is always great! The wings and fried pickles are a staple to my visits. I was introduced to duckworth's by a neighbor and now it's become a regular spot with my coworkers. The atmosphere is so laid back and comforting. Will be coming here for as long as I live in the area.
4	First time here and came for the beer. We did have the super nachos as an appetizer. The place was packed but our wait was less than 10 minutes. They have an impressive beer selection and you review the beer selection by a notebook. It was a great idea! You can review the beers and save them as a potential pick.Nachos were good. The beer was excellent. I will be coming back. The only negatives: tables were small. Four people at their four person table barely fit our drinks and appetizers. Not sure how you are suppose to eat a meal also on it? Also the bathroom could have used attention.
4	This place is just simple and doesn't pretend to be something it's not.  You get a huge selection of draft beer (I go because I can get Great Lakes and sometimes Thirsty Dog on tap), decent bar food in sometimes insanely large portions - order the nachos for at least three or four people, and friendly service.  Do not however be flattered when you are asked for your ID - they card everyone.
5	Duckworth's is the place to go for beer for sure! I have been to all of the locations but I frequent the Park Rd. location the most. They have a tremendous craft beer selection at all locations. They even have beer special nights where virtually all beers are $3.50 each! The beer special night depends on the location (either Tuesday, Thursday or Monday, Wednesday) The food is also very good and reasonably priced as well! They specialize in Philly cheese steaks and are probably the best in town! I also recommend any food specials (they are always good!), the Cobb salad, fajitas, wings (especially Mommoos'), and loaded nachos (they are huge!). If you want something different for an appetizer try the blue cheese chips!
4	Having been to the Park Road location multiple times I thought we should give this Duckworth's a shot.  Being New Year's Day, we decided to start off with Bloody Mary's, yippee! And, they were great, although I do wish they served them with celery.As for the food, we ordered the Chicken Quesadillas, with bacon (well done) and the BBQ and Wing Platter. The BBQ was good, however, a little dry in my mind.  My friend ordered the wings plain, not my choice, and they were fried.  Unfortunately they were the most disappointing thing I have had at any Duckworth's. The fry was very greasy and thick and it seems like the wings had very little meat.  Something I will pass on going forward.  Overall the food and drinks were great, but the service was a little slower then the other location.  Although, like I said it was New Year's Day..and I think our waitress may have been struggling from a late night herserl :-).
3	First time at this place was yesterday for lunch.  When I arrived, the staff was friendly and the place was almost empty so I had my pick for seating.  I ordered the wings with the mild sauce and the Hot bbq sauce with an order of fries and a coke.  The order of wings is pretty big, you get 10 in total.  The food came out pretty quickly too.I thought the wings were alright.  They were very crispy but just lacked a little flavor for  my personal taste.  Also, they're not covered in sauce.  They were very lightly covered in sauce.  I wish they were drowning in the damn thing!!  The sauces were milder than I expected, but were good.  The bleu cheese was nice and creamy.  The fries were also good.  By the time I left the place, it was pretty crowded in there.  I didnt give this place 4 stars simply because I thought my wings were a little on the bland side and just didnt have enough sauce to make up for it.  I will be back though to try some of their other good.'Til next time......
