5	After a terrible time in Vegas (and not due to loosing any money at the casino either) it was a very bright spot to fine DD on the South Strip.  Service was fast, friendly, and ooooooh now nice it was to get my DD fix on the way out of town.  The aluminum water container was a wonderful parting souvenir as I returned to the Golden State.Only drawback... not 24 hours, but my heart will go on!
4	I was shocked to see that LV has DD - I almost passed out of excitement! I dragged the boy here the next day and we got a dozen of donuts. Unfortunately, the smell and taste wasn't the same as the one in PI. Still good donuts, but something was missing. At the end of it all, it was good to have...
5	Attention: dork alert. Now that I think about it, I have no idea how I ended up thinking about Dunkin' Donuts. What I do know is that I did a bit of research on where the nearest location was. I checked on  their website and found out there were 5 locations in Vegas. It was one of a few things jotted down in my mental to-do list that I actually ended up crossing off. Before returning my rental car on the way to the airport, I stopped by to grab some breakfast. Not only was I extremely happy to find it easily near one of the outlet malls, I was even happier to see that it had a drive thru. Yes ladies and gents, this DD has one. I pulled up and placed an order with Corrisa for a #1 - Two donuts and a coffee. When she asked which donuts I wanted, I drew a complete blank and asked what kind they had. HAHA! Little did I know how extensive their selection was, but she was nice enough to inform me. She didn't have to go very far down the list before I made my decision. I got the Bavarian cream and chocolate frosted donuts with a regular coffee. I was patient enough to wait until I returned my car to indulge in this one last bout of Sin City gluttony. The coffee was first. It was just the right temperature, and it didn't make my tumbly feel funny like Starbucks does. I had them add sugar and cream to it as well. For someone who doesn't drink coffee on a regular basis, this stuff was absofriggenlutely delish. The donuts weren't eaten until I got to my gate to wait for my flight. The Bavarian cream looked like your basic powdered type donut, except with filling inside. My initial thought was that it would be really rich, but no. It was actually very light and not too sweet. I hoped no one was staring at me as I was putting it away, because I'm sure I got a good amount of the powdered sugar on me. It was already getting on my clothes (I tend to be a messy eater sometimes. =P). Of course I made sure to use a napkin and dust myself off as soon as I was finished. The chocolate frosted one flew home with me and I ate it the next morning. Why oh why can't this place come to California?! I know Tony Bennett left his heart in San Francisco (which is where I'm from btw), but I think I left mine at DD.
5	As all vacations are akin to start, mine started with frustration. First, I woke up at 4am to my roommate's friends puking over the side of his bed (it's a small apartment). Secondly, I took a half of a Xanax to calm the enormous amount of anxiety from flying. Third, it didn't kick in until we landed so I was not only tired and somewhat "stoned" but informed I had to meet my boyfriend's entire family THAT DAY. So there is my backstory to the gratitude I feel for Dunkin Donuts existing in Vegas. The one thing the boyfriend and I could agree upon--coffee and donuts. You are a very clean facility, cleaner than most casinos I've been to, and your service was great. We ordered several items, sunk into the pleasure of delicious coffee and sugar-dough before eventually falling victim to frustration because the boyfriend doesn't have a clue how to book a hotel on the iPhone. And HE'S the programmer. /eye roll.If it's not too much to ask, could you get wifi? That would be great. Oh, and if you ever see me order a flatbread thing again and see my boyfriend next to me, ring up two because he'll end up eating mine. "A bite" my ever-growing ass! :|
4	"America Runs On Dunkin" There are two things wrong with Dunkin Donut's slogan. The first thing is that their slogan should not say "America Runs On Dunkin", it should say "Most Of America Runs On Dunkin" because here in California, there is no Dunkin Donuts shops. The second thing that is wrong with their slogan is that I don't believe anybody could run after consuming one of their cake donuts. Those things are so heavy that after you do consume one, you won't have the energy to get up and run. I had been told by many friends and relatives that Dunkin Donuts are the greatest tasting donuts on earth. Since we do not have any DD in California there was no way for me to verify their statements. Well last weekend my girlfriend took a trip to Las Vegas to celebrate her mom's 50th birthday. Since I knew there were DD in LV I asked her if she could pick up a dozen of them on her way back home. When she arrived at our place I was super excited to see that DD box in her hand as she walked through our front door. These are the donuts we tried Chocolate Cake, Chocolate Glaze, Glaze, Double Chocolate Cake, Vanilla Kreme Filled, Blueberry Cake, Apple Spice, And a bag of Glazed Chocolate Cake Munchkins Their cake donuts were delicious. I loved how they were somewhat crispy on the outside and super moist and doughy on the inside. The blueberry cake was by far my favorite. The dough is packed full of delicious pieces of blueberries and the top of the donut has a tasty glaze on it. The regular glaze and the chocolate glaze donuts were just OK, defiantly not the best glazed donuts I have ever had. The vanilla kreme and the apple spice were both really good, but again not the best I have ever had. Their little chocolate munchkins were awesome. These might have been the best bite sized donuts I have ever tried. After trying Dunkin Donuts I do believe that they are much better then the chain donut stores that we have available in CA (Yum Yum and Winchell's) and I also think they are much better then most of the mom and pop donut stores I have been too, but I do not think that they are better then So Cal's big three donut shops (that is just my nick name for these shops). So Cal's big three are "Donut Man" in Glendora, "Stan's" in Westwood, and "Randy's" in Inglewood. In my opinion these three places are fifty times better then DD and at least a hundred times better than Yum Yum and Winchell's. I'm glad I finally got to try DD. I can now say that these donuts are much better then the chain stores we have out here but I won't go as far as crowning them the king of all donut shops. In my opinion that title goes to "Donut Man" in Glendora. I do believe that DD needs to come out to CA. In fact if any Yelper out there wants to get together and make some money, maybe we can call up the DD headquarters and get them to let us franchise one out in CA. I think we would make lots of money. All these people from the east coast who rave about their donuts would give us all sorts of business. My only problem is that I might eat up all the cake donuts we had in stock, especially the blueberry ones.
4	Even though I lived on the East coast for a time, I really haven't ever bothered to try the donuts no matter what people were going on about them. For me it seemed like Yum Yum donuts and.. well, I never really cared for Yum Yum. So it was only that I was back on the West Coast, land of plenty Dunkin Donuts ads but not a single one around. You would figure that they would cater to the mass amount of transplants here and actually put one in L.A. Nope! Thankfully Vegas has a little slice of everything. It helps keep the gamblers grounded with comfort food after they get fleeced for all they are worth. This Dunkin Donuts was located on the South end of the strip, well past anything remotely Vegas-ish. But it's worth the drive out here. I have to say that I was on a blueberry kick when it came to Dunkin Donuts. They had blueberry coffee and I had myself a blueberry donut and I had a lot of them. The dude who was working here on the morning I decided to get some breakfast donuts was really helpful. Hooked me up with the information on what is a better deal was and treated my fresh off the dunkin donut boat self with the up most respect for a Donut slinger. I got a couple of Boston Creme donuts since they're the gal's favorite. Now those were some goooood donuts. Loving the munchkin donuts. Over all, there wasn't a donut I didn't like. Damn you for not being in L.A., I'm craving Blueberry Coffee in a bad way.
4	Between me and NYC this is the nearest Dunkin Donuts around and god bless them for that.My husband and I travel to Las Vegas several times a year and during our stay in the summer of 2009 was fortunate enough to see that they had finally opened. Joy!Sure you can get their coffee beans from the market, grind and brew them yourself but nothing sure beats pulling up to an actual location, ordering your coffee and donut and savoring it then and there. Now if only they'd open up locations in Cali.
1	Everytime I try to attempt to come there you guys are always closed... Is this the only thing other than the mall and target that closes in vegas?  Considering this location has a drive thru, you would think you could order 24 hours! NOT!  So I ended up at the one in Fremont and the donuts were stale!!!  Nothing is better than dunkin donuts straight from the east coast... but the west coast is better and thats YUM YUM Donuts!!!
1	God these are the worst donuts around, DRY DRY DRY.  To top it off the coffee isn't what its cracked up to be and the one time I went to this location they didn't carry milk, not that they were out but that they don't carry it because they don't have room for it, are you kidding me, donuts with no milk.  Anyways these donuts suck and I don't get the hype, I have had them multiple times and I even had them in chicago and they have always sucked.
5	waited 11 years for this. i used to have Dunkin Donuts most of the time back in the Philippines. they had them at every damn corner. living in NorCal has deprived me of my donuts (i sound like a cop) i pretty much got Dunkin Donuts drunk/hangover/coma. I even stopped by before returning to San Jose to pick some up for friends and family. the taxi fare cost $33.30 from the Luxor to Dunkin to the McCarran. it's worth it though
4	I been to Vegas plenty of times, and have always driven by this Dunkin Donuts and never gone inside. Well it has been my luck that two of my buddies were in the Vegas area for a week, and brought me some donuts from this location.I am not a big coffee person, so I had mine with a glass of milk.  The donuts soak up the milk right away and are completely different from the donuts in LA.  The chocolate donuts are very heavy on the chocolate, I drank a whole cup of milk with one donut.If your a chocolate person I think you will enjoy these donuts. Next time out in Vegas, I will give an updated review!
5	After two other locations near me shut down, I was forced to start frequenting this one. Dunkin' Donuts has been a staple in my family since I was kid and I cant get enough of their munchkins!The service here is superb! I have never had any issues with any of the employees. The food is always great and they make my coffee just right!
4	dunkin donuts over krispy kremedunkin donuts coffee over starbucks coffee anytime
5	We either made the drive-thru girl's day, or she made ours because this was the best DD experience I've had in a while!Being the closest Dunkin' to LA, my Vegas crew *had* to load up on bagel sammich goodness before the hitting the road after a long weekend in Sin City.We even got an extra bagel and cream cheese. Definitely the only freebie I "won" on this trip! I did forget to order hash browns, though, which haunted me all the way to Baker. Tear.
5	Oh Dunkin, how I've missed you. You're #1 is still tops with me, and your coffee is still my favorite. Simply the best breakfast you can get for under $5 in Vegas, hands down. Need I say more? Didn't think so.
5	One of a few reasons why we take at least 3 trips to Vegas a year is because Dunkin Donuts. It sucks that they don't have a franchise here in Cali. I make at least 2 stops here while we're in Sin City, ya I gotta make it well worth my stay!  ha ha I love, their donut holes, specially the chocolate. I can't get enough. Their coconut donut is also yummy! Normally on our way to the airport before dropping off our rental car, we'd stop here and get a dozen to go and an order of donut holes. Ya, i may sound like a piggy just about now but we make sure we have enough to last us for a day and give us more reasons to come back and get more on our next trip! I hope DD opens a franchise in California soon!!!
5	went here early in the morning and donuts were really fresh! smell of coffee was awesome too!strawberry donut and munchkins are always the best!
4	What I like about Dunkin Donuts is that I get value for my money. For $4.41, I got a medium coffee with syrup and a toasted sesame bagel. In this day, that is a bargain.  The coffee and bagels have been consistently delicious.     The minor drawback to this Dunkin Donuts is that they run out of stuff. The value makes up for runming out of a flavor of a donut and bagel.     I recommend Dunkin Donuts.
4	I stop by here every two weeks to bring a dozen of donuts into work. good fresh donuts. Service is friendly and fast. I usually arrive around 8 am and dont find any problems with selection. The coffee is good too. Give them a try.
4	My cousin that came to visit (from hawai'i) was craving for Dunkin Donuts (they have ONE in Hawai'i) and I was craving them as well. That's all we were talking about that day. This was the nearest one to where we were coming from so we went here. Before getting there, (it's my first time actually going to one, someone usually picks some up for me) so I tried to check what time they were closing, website said 9pm. WRONG. They need to update their website. They actually close the restaurant area at 8pm and the drive thru is open 24 hrs. We had no idea when we got there and the guy helping us was trying to rush us. He didn't say they closed at 8, how were we suppose to know? We're not thinking about that when we want to satisfy our donut cravings. All we were thinking was...... dunkin. dunkin. dunkin doooooonutsssss. mmmmmmmmmmm..... :)))))  Not our fault. But he was helpful and patient with us. He answered any questions we had and we were probably only there for 5 mins, only complaint is I felt like he was rushing us to get us out of there so he could close up. We ended up getting a dozen. A bunch of different flavors. All looked pretty good and everyone was satisfied, no complaints about the donuts. To see what we got, I posted a photo.I never knew what kind of selection of donuts they had there till I saw it all. Sooo hard to choose. But I ended up picking chocolate creme filled donut and blueberry donut for myself. I better still see it in the box when we get home, or they'll be getting an a** kicking. It's donuts, yes it's that serious. ;) OMG if you're a chocolate lover...... get the chocolate creme filled. It was sooooo good! I will definitely get that everytime I go. The blueberry ok, not a big fan of it. I'll have to try the chocolate munchkins and hashbrowns...next time. I think we'll have to go again tomorrow morning.... :) Oh yeah they have Dunkin specific parking. I love seeing things like that. :D
5	I love Dunkin Donuts. I grew up in Jersey, so this was my go-to place for donuts at any hour.MUST TRY THEIR BLUEBERRY DONUT.I love that they has so much variety, from donuts, to muffins, to coffees.I love their munchkins. They are perfect bite size packed w/ deliciousness. Must try the apple cinnamon munchkins!Other flavors I love:Bavarian cremeFrench crulerMaple covered :)Vanilla cremeLemon (and all other jelly filled)
5	they were courteous enough to accommodate me and my friend's big order. they ran out of the bavarian/chocolate/jelly munchkind cuz of us lol. we live in California and we have Krispy Kreme here but it doesn't beat the taste of DD. it's funny how our friends ask us to bring them DD back instead of shot glasses, magnets, and such. that's when you know DD has made an impact
4	Oh Boston Creme...you devil you. How can I resist your sweet gooey custard center and delicious chocolate topping? I cannot. What is funny to me is that the location on Craig replaced a low carb cafe...Bwahaha take that diets!!
4	Dunkin Donuts has the best donuts ever!  Their donuts are not too sweet unlike any of the other donut places out there.  I love their munchkins!  It's perfect bite size goodness.  I just don't understand why they have Dunkin Donuts everywhere in Las Vegas and nowhere in California. I wish that they would open a branch in So Cal soon!  Until then, I will always make it a point to stop by this place every time we're in Vegas.
3	We used to have a couple locations here in Southern California unfortunately, they went out of business. As a kid, I used to think it was always a tie between Dunkin Donuts and Winchell's. You couldn't go wrong with either one, then Krispy Kreme came into my life and changed everything. The donuts here are okay but not better than Krispy Kreme.
5	Okay, I grew up eating Dunkin' Donuts.  My dad and I would go on the weekends to buy donuts and we'd eat them in the shop.  Then all of a sudden they all disappeared and were replaced with random donut places called Crown Donuts or King Donut or whatever.  Total imposters using the same colors and fonts for their signs, but totally NOT Dunkin' Donuts.I don't know why all the Dunkin' Donuts disappeared from California, but in my recent quest for donuts, I found out that there are plenty of shops in Las Vegas!  Therefore, I told my friends we HAD to stop at Dunkin' Donuts during our next trip to Vegas.My favorite donut of all time is the Chocolate Kreme Filled Donut.  It is heavenly, perfect, dough-y, sugar-y, and chocolate kreme-y all rolled into a beautiful donut.  I ordered three of these and some other random ones that are not important enough to name.Either way, I LOVE Dunkin' Donuts.  No, literally, I love them.  My sister and mother when they'd fly back from New York, they would stop at the Jet Blue terminal to buy me the Chocolate Kreme Filled Donuts and bring it back to me in LA.  That's what you call love.  Oh, and my sister and mom are pretty awesome too.
2	Came to this Dunkin Donuts for the jelly sticks but they did not have them, when I asked if there were any I was told no with no explanation or offer to make some. I kinda wanted to leave at that point but decided to get a snack before my long road trip back to San Diego. My girlfriend liked the Frozen Ice Tea and I liked the hash browns, as for the donuts nothing special and being a back east fellow did not care for this Dunkin Donuts location,
5	I fell in love with Dunkin' Donuts when I was in the South Shore of Boston. I find the same kind of flavor and atmosphere in this Dunkin' Donuts. When I go in no matter how long I have been away Ana and Amanda always greet me. They make the place welcome. Sometimes it is very busy and sometimes it is nearly empty. Do not let that fool you, the coffee is great, and the sandwiches are wonderful (try the flat brad sandwiches).If you stop by and see Ana or Amanda, just tell them Donnie sent you.
5	For all the Filipinos in SoCal deprived of a Dunkin Donuts.... Vegas is seriously the nearest one for us.  Always a treat to grab some on the way back.
5	Dunkin Donuts Turbo!!!!.  The donuts and muffins are not bad either.
3	I've never really been a big fan of Dunkin Donuts. I only like the cake selection and luckily this location keeps a good amount of those on hand.When I'm having a sweet tooth, this is a convenient location since it has a drive thru and pretty good stock of donuts since it's in a pretty touristy high-traffic area. Service is pretty good as well. I've been here on a few occasions and the staff is friendly and fast.
3	THE DONUTS ARE NOT MADE FRESH!! THEY ARE TRUCKED IN DAILY FROM A FACTORY!! They don't even taste the same as Dunkin's on the East Coast..You have to stick to local businesses for fresh made donuts... Real Donuts, Dee's Donuts, and Ronald's Donuts by far are the best in Las Vegas.. not sure about Henderson or North Las Vegas.. Service='s FriendlyCoffee='s good flavor (don't ask for syrups, your risking getting someone who doesn't know how many pumps to add... they always overdue it.)Donuts='s weak selection and they are not freshPrice='s good
5	EVERYTIME I am in vegas i stop here on my way home and get at least three dozen donuts and a box of munchkins because it is the closest dunkin donuts to long beach, ca. although its always busy when i go in the morning, its worth the wait, and the service is great!
1	The service was good...don't get me wrong.  Nothing but sunshine and smiles at this location.  The only thing that bothered me was they sold me on a crappy-tasting drink...I had asked the lady who rang me up which of the seasonal beverages she preferred (i think there was a peppermint mocha in there, an eggnog and a gingerbread) and she sold me on the gingerbread latte type thing.BLECH.There was a fat layer of white sugar on the bottom and the Ginger flavor was overpowering... it was an iced beverage but it burned my throat.  And it tasted watered down. boo.Granted it was a free drink (sign up for their little email club and they'll send you a coupon for a free drink plus another one on your birthday)... but still.  Why sell me on something that tastes bad?
4	Well, yes, obviously. The closest Dunkin Donuts to Los Angeles is 262 miles from my front door. You'd better believe that every trip to Vegas concludes with a vanilla bean coolatta and a breakfast sandwich. There is simply no better way to prepare oneself for the arduous task of driving home with a brutal hangover. You know what I miss? The salsa bagel. When I was a poor little college grad back in New Jersey I used to get a toasted salsa bagel with butter every morning for breakfast when I had to be at work by 8am, and they never ceased to amaze me. It's such an ingenious concept. Salsa baked into the dough! Amazing! I'm pretty sure these aren't around anymore, or at least they're not in the Vegas location. Too bad. That might make this a five-star DD.I miss you, Dunkin.
2	Last stop at the drive-thru before leaving LV. It was 7AM and they already ran out of some donuts. I have never been to a donut shop that ran out of donuts so early in the morning. Obviously they are not made fresh! Had to repeat our order 3 times, then a different lady was at the window. She had no idea what to do or what we ordered. The donuts were just ok, although the plain cake was decent.Luckily I had a $3 coupon 'cuz they were definitely not worth the $6 regular price. At least I can say I have had a dunkin donut...whoopee!
4	I could of been fooled with all the commercials and actually seeing Dunkin Donut products in the market, but when my friend was so enthused to get Dunkin Donuts in Vegas, I thought she was out of her mind until I learned that they were not in California.Dunkin Donuts has a pretty wide selection of donuts as well as bagels, muffins, danishes, cookies, and breakfast! They also have a great coffee selection as well as iced drinks.On this hot Vegas day in Summer, I went ahead and got me a maple donut, apple crumb, bavarian cream, french cruller, and boston cream. I also got myself a regular coffee to see what the hype was about.All of the choices above, HIGHLY recommended. Shoot, I'd probably recommend everything from Dunkin Donuts. Flavorful, fresh, not chewy, just great donuts to wake up to while you drink your coffee trying to wake up from a hard night of partying.The maple donut had a great maple glaze on it. The apple crumb tasted like an apple! The cream inside the bavarian cream was creamy and milky. The french cruller was like a funnel cake without the strawberries, and that dang boston cream with the chocolate and cream filled goodness! I'm drooling just thinking about these donuts :(As for the coffee, pretty darn good flavor! 2 Cream, 2 Sugar, it was not bitter or overly sweet. It woke me up and went well with all my donut selections!
4	please bring this to california!my first job ever was at dunkin' donuts in new york. favorite things to get? sausage, egg, and cheese on a croissantcinnamon raisin toasted with buttercoffee collatahashbrownsdonuts: apple crumb & french crullerworkers at this location were very slow and the manager seemed rude. no sense of urgency at all. ten people waiting in line and only one working the register and six in the back? why is it that they always run out of coffee collata every time i go there? i shouldn't be complaining because this is the closest dunkin' donuts to los angeles.dear dunkin' donuts, come to california so everyone can taste how awesome you are!will definitely come back again and try other things on the menu! check out the picture i posted.
4	I finally was able to try out Dunkin' Donuts !! I had recently gone to Vegas for the, oh so popular EDC and by some stroke of luck, the house I was staying at had Dunkin' Donuts about 2 blocks away!I had always seen commercials about Dunkin' Donuts and have always been a huge donut fan (though I can't really eat them regularly as I would become.. well, a huge, huge donut fan..). With some convincing to my house mates that there were no Dunkin' Donuts in California we were finally able to stop by and have a try. The first round (I bought a dozen for the house) consisted of 4 Boston Creme, 4 Glazed, and 4 Jelly filled. I was only able to try the Boston Creme & I have to say...If you are a donut fan, you MUST try it! I wasn't exactly sure what a Boston Creme was but after the first bite, I didn't care what it was called.. It was delicious.The last day of our trip we decided to stop by DD again for the other 'mates who didn't get to try any of the first dozen.I to ordered an apple fritter and an ice coffee.The apple fritter was definitely different than the donuts in CA. It was much more doughy and airy in comparison to the others that I've had and very sweet. The coffee was also just as sweet with nothing added. It tasted really good but after a sugar high of a sugary donut, I couldn't handle any more coffee.The service here is perhaps like any other place-- the people don't really care to be there but they get the job done. But if you are coming in to grab a quick donut, I suppose outstanding service isn't really necessary....Overall I have to say that anyone who is in the LV area and has not tried DD.. This place is a MUST!!
2	Slowest Drive thru all the time. But location and my morning need for egg and cheese wraps has me coming back for more.
5	As if I didn't love this place enough for its sausage bagels (plain, no egg no nothing) and world class unparalleled hash browns...THIS particular one is staffed in part by the lovely Bridgette (spelling notwithstanding) who helped me in a long running quest for hash brown case ownership :) I know who I'll be calling before any future Vegas trips, and I save my money for gambling by skipping high priced casino resort breakfasts for the rare wonders of Dunkin Donuts :)
5	Everytime I'm in Vegas, I MUST hit up this particular location to get my DD fix and everytime, they have never failed me.I've been hooked on DD's since I was a kid and that goes back a long time.  When I moved to San Jose several years ago, the last DD's in California was also in San Jose and I went by there at least 3-times a week, up to the very end.This location is quite convenient as it's located just outside of the Outlets, they even have a drive thru if you're feeling lazy.  I always get their Glazed Cruller, no one else can make them like DD does!  But this time around in addition to my Cruller, I also got a breakfast sandwich, I forgot the exact name of it but it was served on Texas Toast, with egg, cheese and bacon.  The sandwich was pretty decent.Oh yeah, their beve selection is pretty good.   You can't go wrong with their amazing coffee, but also, they make a great iced tea and iced coffee, if you're in the mood for something chill.Overall, I love DD's!  Hope they reconsider and return back to California!  In the meantime, I'll continue to make my 500-mile commute for my donut break. :)
4	Craving donuts, why not Dunkin Donuts?! This location has a drive thru but I went inside to pickup a dozen for the office. It's fall so they had pumpkin donuts, it was delicious!  I looooove pumpkin.  Okay, I gave in and also had a maple donut and that was also delish! The cashier was friendly and quick with my order.  She even waited as I put my wallet away to hand the box over to me.  Will be back to try their breakfast sandwich, today was a donut day :)
3	Disclosure:  This is a review for this specific location only and NOT for Dunkin' Donuts as a whole (no pun intended, hehe).I used to live near a different Dunkin Donuts and fell in love.  I stopped getting coffee anywhere else and proceeded to give away my life savings to get a large latte lite with mocha swirl 5x a week, totaling roughly $925.60 a year.  That's how much I love DD.  Anyway, six months ago I moved and this DD location became the most convenient one for my drive to work each morning.  Since then, DD and I have had a love/hate relationship.  They screw up my coffee at least once a week, and often give me the wrong muffin whenever I order one.  I've spent many a morning waiting and waiting past 20 minutes in the drive-thu.  The drive-thru male cashiers are also kind of creepy and often ask where I'm gonna take them for a ride in my Lexus.  I will unabashedly admit that there have been a few mornings where I've driven 15 minutes out of my way to go back to my old beloved location on Silverado Ranch and Bermuda JUST to get stellar customer service and not get hit on.  But this relationship could not continue this way.  It had become so rocky that I was forced to ask for a coffee-maker for Christmas and now having received it, I am ending all communication with DD....well, until I spend the $25 gift card I also received for Christmas.
2	My boyfriend, brother, cousins and I spent NYE at Vegas and right before we headed back to the Bay, we wanted to bring DD back home. Upon entrance to the establishment, we were nicely greeted by a Caucasian male and the service was great. Midway through our order (we had about 7-8 dozens to bring back), the same person helping us was starting to be a prick! I understand that we are ordering a lot and he was not shy showing his annoyance. Its not like our orders were even complicated. He should be happy we brought business to them. When a coworker as him if he was doing OK, he shook his head. Really?! How hard is it to put donuts in boxes??!!! I was sooo pissed off I wanted to confront him but my bf said to just let it go since we most likely wont see him again. My excitement over DD dwindled after such service to the point that my first donut bite was nothing special. He ruined my moment. I hid my receipt somewhere and when I find it, I'm going to blast that rude server!
5	I used to hate dunkin donuts, but the fact is...for this particular location, the staff is extremely friendly and make the best decaf carmel latte EVER. The donuts are not too sweet and are always very soft. I prefer the donuts at krispy creme, but hey...my bf is from Massachusetts, so he always prefers to come here. I have a new found appreciation for this place.P.S. Located in front of Premium Outlet South, there is also a drive thru which makes this place even better!
5	Californians visiting Las Vegas and other donut fans: This is THE go-to Dunkin' Donuts whenever I visit Las Vegas. It's just south of the Strip and the I-215/15 interchange and just north of the outlets. It's near that Chipotle, if that helps...I'm sure you know which one I'm talking about. What's sad is that this is also the closest DDs to Los Angeles and the rest of Southern California which ordinary civilians can access. No joke.Anyhow, I've been consistently going to this specific Dunkin' Donuts whenever I'm staying overnight in Sin City, as it's the closest one to the Strip. The most recent visit was this past Sunday morning, so I feel the need to review it while it's still fresh in my memory.Coming from California, we don't have any Dunkin' Donuts. I spoke with the cashier and told her that "Dunkin' Donuts has a cult following in California." She underscored that and she encouraged me that we'll at least have DDs by 2015. "Not soon enough!" was my reply as I paid the bill. I still needed my fix. The last time I had the good stuff before this Sunday was around Thanksgiving weekend 2012 in Phoenix...and not a moment too soon.  They have a drive-thru and parking here is plentiful, especially in the mornings because most of Las Vegas is still asleep whenever I make my trip out here. In fact, Dunkin' Donuts is a real big motivator in getting me to climb out of bed early and begin my day (which is just about the hardest thing to do in Las Vegas, after a night of God-knows-what). I definitely will need the coffee creamed and sugared.What I love about DDs is that they always offer you that survey for a free donut with purchase. As I ate a double chocolate donut and raspberry coffee there (I'm pretty opposed to taking anything I'm going to eat, out), I completed the survey on the receipt on my iPhone and immediately used the validation code when I purchased a 25-piece to-go order of Munchkins for the rest of my party back at the Cosmopolitan hotel. What made this one interaction cooler was that the cashier also offered me a pen to write down the code and wasn't technical about rules of redemption and whatnot.So, yes, swing by here in the mornings and start your day off right...if you're physically able to after a hard night of partying, that is.
4	There coffee is crack. I mean like legit crack. I had a medium coffee sipping on it from 8-1pm. I was up all night! 3am all night. Granted I got a lot of crap done that day but my heart was racing and I pretty much feel like I smoked some crack....not that I know what that's like or anything. Donuts were really yummy and there was no wait. Lucky me. Unless you like crack coffee be weary of this place.
4	Had to have my donut fix and the nostalgia of DD is too much to pass up.  Getting a munchkin of every variety is a good start plus the Mother's Day sprinkle donut.  Donuts in the store seemed a lot fresher than the ones that are sold in the outlet mall.  Don't be lazy and buy them there.  Get them from the source!Large sized iced coffee is enormous.  It took all day to finish.
5	YES PLEASE! Have been living in California. Got spoiled with New York city's dd. Not a fan of Krispy Kreme so I made it a point to go visit dunkin donuts one we visit Vegas. We got in here before we did outlet shopping. The dude manning the store was so friendly, offered me a free munchkin of my choice while I go pick munchkin flavors.Bavarian - loved it, it's a custard flavored donut thats isn't too sweet. just right. Wish I got more.Jelly - was the boyfriend's choiceApple Cinnamon - one of my favoritesLemon - meeeh. I wish they had the chocolate one insteadCoffee is good! Cheaper and better than starbucksThey have a drive thru but I opted to go down and pick I want to see my choices okay!
5	As thousands of people, I cam here because I live in Cali but brought up in a place where DD is my fav. Besides that, friendly stuff, nice coffee and decent not crowded location.
3	I felt in love with dunkin's chocolate cake donut when I was on NY.  I was eager to get one here as there are no longer any dunkin donut's in southern california and a trip to NY wouldn't be feasible.  To my disappointment the donuts here weren't as good as the ones in NY.  They were a bit stale by comparison.  On the plus side the drive thru was very convenient.
5	Awesome and fast staff here!!!
2	Stopped here to grab a hot coffee but made the mistake of asking "with sugar". It was so sweet that it felt like having sugar syrup so my advise would be to skip the sugar or stick with Starbucks.
3	Make sure the coffee is fresh and stay away from the breakfast sandwiches. Sometimes the employees can overcook the bread which is hard to bite and chew. The Turkey egg white sandwich is dry. But Dunkin is famous for their Donuts.
5	By far the best donuts I've had for a long time my favorite place for a fast breakfast service is great and so is the food and coffee.
4	Fast service and friendly employees despite the line that had formed by the time I walked in. I had an iced coffee and a wrap, which were both delicious and made to order. Very satisfied and will be back the next time I'm on my way to the outlet mall or in the area
1	This one is awful... Stay away.....I could stop there.....but I won't...and I don't do many one star reviews.I walked in and there were initially 3 people working at the counter but then 2 of them completely walked away and I think one of them was a manager. They left me to talk to a guy who you could easily think was on meth or something. I ordered a chicken sandwich and he told me they didn't have any buns or sauce for the sandwich......I was like WHATTTTTTT!!!! So I gave him the coupon that I had for a free medium beverage and he didn't know how to ring that up. Eventually after 5 minutes of playing ring around the rosey he finally figured out how to ring up the correct total. When the rest of the staff returned....there were buns.....but still no sauce for my sandwich. As it turns out this guy didn't know how to make anything but coffee and coolatta's.....so a young lady had to make my sandwich....but she didn't put any cheese on it. Safe to say I won't EVER be visiting this location ever again......Don't Eat.....Don't Drink....because it is DEFINITELY UNMERRY my friends!!!!!
1	Seriously the worst and rudest morning staff in the world... And I gave this location SEVERAL (Like 30) chances and visits. I used to go here every morning before work for my coffee. The last straw was when I sat in front of the drive-thru window for almost 20 mins before someone finally opened the window to hand me my coffee, then proceeded to argue with me about how much change I get back after handing her a $20 bill. I would say 25 out of 30 times I went there, I had a terrible experience. Never again!
1	RUUUUUUUUDE!!!!We came here in hopes to get some donuts after a long day on the strip. We pulled up to the front and saw that the lights were all on and workers were at the counter so we proceeded to the front and tried to open the doors. They were locked. Okay no problem...they had the "DRIVE THRU OPEN" sign on. So we got back in the car and went around to the drive thru. After sitting in front of the "ORDER HERE" area for a couple of minutes, no one came on. So we thought maybe we had to order at the window so we started going forward. Then all of a sudden this grumpy old HAG comes out the back door and YELLS really RUDELY "WE'RE CLOSED!!!!!!" Really?! She could've been less rude and simply said "I'm so sorry but we're closed."I hate writing bad reviews but this place deserved it!! THAT HAG deserves it! All I wanted was a donut from there since I'm from California and we don't have a dunkin donut there.
4	Great pit stop before heading back to LA!
5	I heart me some DD.Being from the East Coast, living in CA, I miss my Dunkin Donuts like crazy, but LV made me happy by having a Dunkin Donuts for my coffee pleasure.We went through the drive thru (a DD with a drive thru!), ordered a few donuts, and a couple of cups of coffee before our drive back to CA.He got my iced coffee order wrong, but happily replaced it with what I wanted.  Donuts were eaten very quickly in the backseat, as I sipped my coffee most of the way back to CA.
4	Seriously the BEST COFFEE around!I really wish they had a Dunkin' Donuts back in LA since the coffee and donuts are really good! I always make a stop at a Dunkin' Donuts on my way into Vegas and on my way back from Vegas. This particular location also have a drive-thru which makes it nice if you don't want to get out of your car due to the extreme heat or cold.. My favorite donuts are the double chocolate donuts and the blueberry donuts! They go so well with a cup of coffee.**On my most recent visit they also had a seasonal donut. It was a pumpkin donut. It was filled with pumpkin and dipped in a white icing and it was pretty close to a pumpkin pie without the pie crust. A little different for me, but I was surprised that I actually liked it.
3	Lines out the door, the staff was sort of friendly. The patrons, not so much. Dirty is a nice way of describing the tables and chairs we sat at. I didn't want to put my kid in the one high chair they had because it was so sticky and gross.
5	Picking up some dunkin donuts before heading back to LA. I got a variety of donuts and they all look great. Service was great, the two ladies got my order perfect and now I have to wait 5hrs to enjoy them, unless one goes missing during the drive.....tee hee hee
1	I love me some Dunks, especially this far west! However, this particular location needs some help.  While friendly, the staff is pretty slow and do not seem to be knowledgeable about their menu.  It almost seems like this is where the newbies go to get trained.  If you go, do not judge all Dunks by the standards of this one.
2	Donuts are awesome, especially the butternut. I would have given them a five if they got my order right. I asked for butternut, lady said whatever they had upfront were all they had because they were swamped earlier. She "found" 3 left at the bottom rack. So I said I'll take them all. While waiting for our coffee, I overheard the manager tell one of the other staff members that she had fresh butternut in the back. I thought of asking mine to be exchanged with the warm one but I just let it slide. Once in the car, hubby and I were excited to have our butternut donuts and, lo and behold, she did not give me butternut rather toasted coconut covered donuts!! FAIL - laziness of the staff for checking and for giving me the wrong donuts!! What a disappointment!
4	Haven't eaten here in over a decade but was hella impressed with the eggs benedict sandwhich. Wait was a little long.
1	God, it really pains me to have to update my review for this place. I go here a lot. I'm starting to think it's my own fault for putting up with crappy service.  I LOVE Dunkin Donuts, but the staff here SUCKS.  They screw up on my order 80% of the time and today was the last straw!!! GRRRR I am stewing as I write this. I was running late but seriously needed some caffeine and breakfast to get through the day. I went in the drive-through and ordered my usual, hot latte lite and plain toasted bagel with cream cheese. When I got up the window, she told me they were out of plain and suggested the everything bagel, which was fine. They finally get me my bagel and I rush off to work, Barely making it on time. I go to open my bag to eat my bagel, and it had no cream cheese on it. Ugh. Stupid idiots.
5	I really enjoy Dunkin and I was craving it at 7:31pm I had low expectations going in the drive thru but I had a really fresh coffee!  I wanted less ice but it was very good. I really appreciate even though it was near closing time the coffee had not been sitting around. I HATE that.
2	Cashier was either new or poorly trained... Didn't know what cream cheese was in stock and highly confused when my husband asked for Splenda in his coffee. With that being said, our coffees got switched - he needs Splenda for health reasons and I asked for regular sugar. When I finally tried mine (it was super hot, I waited almost 30 min to drink it) I told my husband my coffee was missing sugar. He then realized his coffee was oddly way too sweet (didn't think anything of it, figured it was the caramel syrup).  So yeah that could have been a disaster.  I don't know if that was the cashiers fault or the person who made the coffees but they are darn lucky we realized their mistake. We had gone inside to order, as we got back to the car my husband looked for my bagel twist - they forgot it. He went back in and asked for it, another girl said "oh I was wondering who this belonged to!" We were the only ones in there, lol! Upon paying my husband asked if they offered military discount and the cashier rolled her eyes. She gave us a 10% police discount which was nice of her but the attitude was unnecessary.
4	Obsessed with Dunkin Donuts. I can't wait for them to get to the OC in 2015 - I think I will make shirts with a logo ! I love their coffee with a flavor squirt and cream and sugar. Large one for $3 !! Best quick coffee - EVER! I love their donut holes and any of the "special flavor of the month" I had the mint chocolate and it was heaven. The girl who helped me, Brandee was very sweet and even fixed my drink when I made the mistake of choosing the wrong beverage.
5	I always try to stop at a Dunkin Donuts whenever I visit Las Vegas. I can say that this DD is the best one in town! Breann at the register was soooooo nice and friendly! Somebody needs to give her a raise. This is my new go to DD from here on out.
2	I really wanted to like this place..but sadly it was mediocre at the least. I got the 25 count of donut holes so I could try a little bit of everything. The jelly ones were dry and barely had any jelly. The only one I liked were the chocolate ones, which were very moist. Their coffee was overly sweet and nothing special.
3	Triple chocolate donut was great. Chocolate overload anyone?! Yum. Coffee was great as always. The only thing not quite right was that there was a guy in uniform standing behind the counter, but he looked like he had no clue what was going on at all. He simply stood there not looking at anyone. It did not help that our cashier was rudely barking orders of which donuts to get and what bag to use at him. I am guessing it was his first day? Not sure, but the whole situation was rather uncomfortable. Took my donut and enjoyed it anyway.
1	Renaysha M. I hope you are reading this. My last 3 visits to this location were horrific. Get a grip, Dunkin. Close up shop, and move to a different location, and hire employees who aren't lazy and rude.  I got her name off my receipt. First off, I was greeted in the drive through by someone who seemed to be side tracked by something, because she kept laughing in the middle of me ordering. To make matters worse,  she proceeded to have me REPEAT MY ORDER ---I just got an iced coffee and a green tea--- 4 times until she got it...which ended up coming out wrong. I pull around to the window and start reaching into my purse for my Wallet, meanwhile Renaysha (our cashier)  stood there laughing and giggling with her friends (I would like to say, I am all for fun in the work place), My friend  who was in the car with me, said "oh, I think she is waiting on you" I look over, and she walks away. Another girl came to the window and started handing me our things, and Renaysha proceeded  to say " She  hasn't paid yet, because she wasn't f****** paying attention!"  I stopped and said "Excuse me? I hope she's not talking about me".... and the girl who was handing our things took my money, and did not say a WORD.  Meanwhile, I can hear  Renaysha talking about me and my friend! Calling us white trash B******.  I asked to speak to a manager, but was told that "they were busy"... I was never rude to her when giving my order, despite  having to repeat it.  I've worked drive thru for a fast food chain when I was 15, I know microphones for those can pick up everything or become static easily... I gave her the benefit of the doubt, and continued to be nice.   There was absolutely nothing that warranted that kind of behavior.  I immediately called the manager, who did nothing for me. I'm not looking for free things, I just think someone like that needs to know, that this is NOT OKAY.  The Manager didn't seem too interested in dealing with it either.  AWESOME.However, on the bottom of my receipt, I can tell Dunkin my opinion and I will be doing so....and with that...I will get a free Coffee.  Stay classy, Renaysha.
4	Better selection than  the other Dunkin Donut I visited in the north end of Outlet mall.   Thanks for being so try friendly even if I didn't order a lot.  Promise to return.
2	I love Dunkin Donuts, but this location is just poor.Went through the drive thru Tuesday AM, ordered several items, and we only got one item correct. Hot coffee instead of an iced coffee.Wrong donuts.No diet coke.No straws.Had to park out front, and go inside to fix my order because it was still wrong after leaving the drive thru.It's a shame because this is a great location, but the staff needs a lot of training.
5	This is the best Dunkin' Donuts I've ever been in town... Everybody who works in the morning is really cool, and always has the best customer service! I'll come back every day just because of them
5	I first tried DD when I was in New York and thought it sucked! Sorry, for reviewing it on the coffee and not the donuts! Since I'm a big coffee fan, DD left a bad taste in mouth. The coffee didn't taste like coffee, looked like watery mud. I couldn't believe people could even call this coffee. This past weekend I was in Vegas and we drove past a DD. I had to give it one more chance and actually try the doughnuts! Glad I give this place a second chance. The doughnut was delicious!
5	My boyfriend has been raving about Dunkin' Donuts for years. Everytime he goes to the east coast to visit family, he always has it more then three times & sends me pictures of it. (MEAN, i know.)I finally found out they had Dunkin' Donuts in Vegas & I had to stop by. I wasn't too sure what to get so I asked the girl working & she told me to get the double chocolate (I think that's what its called) & OH MY GOODNESS, it was amazing.My mom got a sugar twist but she said it was dry, my brother got a sprinkles one and he said it was pretty good.Definitely coming back next time I go to Vegas.
1	This is not rocket science. Coffee and donuts and breakfast sandwiches should never be this difficult to put together. There is a young lady that works at the drive thru at this location who must be the dumbest person on the planet. We had a run in with her once where she did not included everything that was part of the combo. Fine. We asked to get the remaining item and she proceeded to yell at us saying that the said item was not included. We pointed out that it was included.  She closed the window without saying a word.  A few minutes later she tosses a bag to the car and says "fyi I did not charge you but I should have." We drove off speechless.  We came back a month later and to our shock and horror this idiot was manning the drive through.  After painstakingly placing our order several times we finally reach the pick up window. We were greeted with her scowling face and half of our order (which was wrong). So began the back and forth of fixing the order. After 10 minutes we had everything but the coffee. We ask for the coffee. She tells us we did not order one.  We show her the receipt.  She groans and closes the window. Another employee jerks it open and practically tosses the coffee past her, to us. Its wrong. We tell her we want cream and sugar. She says no. We said yes and that we were not leaving until we got it. She rips the coffee back and then returns with the same coffee and packets of cream and sugar. We ask her to put it in the coffee like we ordered. She said that this is how she serves it because most people like it this way. We said again, no. If we wanted to make our own then we would.  She takes it back and we get a new one. We leave before we started insulting her and getting nasty.  Well she messed up the coffee! We love Dunkin Donuts. I am amazed that management would allow such a rude ignorant girl to work there. I have never felt compelled to demand that an employee be fired from their job, but if I had more time I would have gone inside and talked to a manager. This location never fails to screw up even the most basic orders but they are generally nice and they fix it. I will never return to this location. If it were the last Dunkin Donuts in Vegas then this die hard fan would go without.
1	This review is not a knock on Dunkin Donuts itself, but on this location. I come to this location everyday but not any more. They always are out of donuts and the coolata machine (which is the special they are advertising) is constantly out of order.  Keep in mind, this is not a 1 or 2 time thing, but more of an everyday thing. I have complained to staff and filled out the online survey multiple times. Stack that along with the terrible wait times (15 min yesterday in the drive thru) and this has to be the worst run business in town. I only come back bc of it's location but have grown tired of the inconsistency. Get it together DD.
4	The staff was very friendly and efficient! I tried the iced coffee.... it was good, although not strong enough for me! But, I will be back for more donuts to bring to the office!
4	I have driven through for breakfast several times recently.  The service is surprisingly pleasant, the food is quite good.  The only reason the rating is not 5 stars, is I think $8 is quite high for a breakfast sandwich and a coffee.
3	I used to work in this plaza so I would come here almost every day. After a while of coming so often the employees start to recognize you and remember your order lol. With this location it's either a hit or a miss- sometimes they mess up your coffee and it can ruin your whole day. Their donuts really only taste good in the mornings and their breakfast sandwiches ars way too greasy but I'll always love their iced coffee
5	We live in Corona Calif., but we go to Las Vegas several times a year.  We started to visit this particular Dunkin Donuts a couple of years ago and was fine with the service and the food.  If you say you don't like Dunkin Donuts, the it is natural to think you lie about other things as well.As expected, most all Dunkin Donuts have the same food, and the same coffee.  What sets them apart is the service, and this particular Dunkin Donut, seem to excel in that department.Everyone working there seem to be very efficient, and want to help you, but there are 2 guys working there that seem to want to take service to a completely new level.CAMERON and DALE, seem to have a special concern for customer service.Example: as I stated, we live in California, and we are not "regulars".  But I'll be damned, they remember us, treat us like old friends, and go out of their way to make sure we are happy.  It is amazing.This particular trip we took was a quick 2 day trip, and we didn't think we would be able to get to Dunkin this time.  We decided we wanted to see if Cameron and Dale were there.  They were and we were really glad we made the effort.Thanks Cameron and thanks Dale.  You make us look forward to such a simple thing as stoping to get a coffee.
4	The service and staff were friendly and efficient.  I ordered the egg white with sausage flatbread and French vanilla frozen coffee which were both tasty.My only problem with this location is the set up of the drive thru. There's not enough room for a vehicle with a wider turning radius to proceed to the window after ordering without having to back up to avoid hitting the poles placed next to the drive thru. Very poor design.
5	Thanks DALE for the Satisfying service your the greatest hope to see you next time i visit :)
2	First time at a Dunkin Donut..ever and I must say I was disappointed. Atleast at this location. Let's start with the good. I had the blueberry glazed donut and it was pretty delicious! It was warm and soft. I also ordered the hazelnut iced coffee. The coffee was good. Now for why they only deserved two stars. Honestly if their donuts weren't up to par I would just give them one star for just existing. What makes a place good is the food, the service, and of course the cleaniness. The service sucked to be frank. The cashier, Tony, was rude and disoriented. I first asked for a dozen of donuts and he grabbed a little brown bag. I had to tell him again I wanted a dozen. Then he gave me a rude look and dropped the brown bag and told another employee to pick it up. Rude! There were about five employees behind the counter that I could see and all their table tops had donut crumbs and trash. Someone should really walk around and just wipe it down.
5	This place is getting 5 starts from me just for Dale.  This guy truly embodies customer service and hospitality.  I would never expect that from someone at Dunkin Donuts.  I would come back for him and only him
5	I was excited to go to Vegas because, unlike others who visit "Sin City" for the gambling and casinos, I was thrilled for the food options that we didn't have in California ... or that were scarce in California. Dunkin' Donuts, to be exact. I wasted no time scoping out the nearest DD to me, and we went to collect our donuts before the drive back to L.A. It was mid-morning on a Friday, and the shop was not crowded at all ... which was good for me, because it must have taken me at least 10 minutes to choose all the donuts I wanted. We decided to go with half a dozen so we could share (I ate two donuts during the drive home). Here's what we got and what I want to try on a future visit to DD: "Seasonal Peeps Donut": This donut made the news around Easter 2014 when it debuted. And hey, no one can really blame the media--it's huge food news when the iconic marshmallow treat is married to one of the best donut companies. This donut featured pink or green frosting topped with a PEEPS chick. I bought one of these donuts to try it (yes, the hype worked on me), but I didn't think the donut itself tasted much sweeter than the others I ordered. The marshmallow PEEP definitely added to the sweetness, and this Easter-themed goodie was almost too cute to eat ... almost. "Chocolate Frosted Cake Donut": I wanted at least one of the more traditional donuts in my order, and I remembered getting these donuts from the DD in Hawaii (when there was one). I love the basic cake donuts here and the sweet chocolate frosting on top just makes it even better. "Chocolate Glazed Cake Donut":  I just love the cake donuts at DD -- though I don't usually get cake donuts at other donut shops, the ones at DD are just so moist, sporting an almost melt-in-your-mouth consistency. I like the chocolate glazed version of this cake donut -- I just love how the glaze cracks off and you can taste it in every bite."Chocolate Frosted Donut with Sprinkles": I don't mind the more traditional donuts; anything with chocolate frosting is a winner to me. To satisfy my kiddie craving, I had to get sprinkles on at least one of my donuts, so I opted for this moist chocolate donut with chocolate frosting and chocolate sprinkles. "Maple Kreme Donut": I don't really mind maple frosting, although it's not my go-to when it comes to desserts. I think the BF ended up eating this donut, but it did look good ... I'll have to have a bite of his next time."Double Chocolate Cake Donut": "The more chocolate, the better" is my mantra when it comes to any type of dessert ... and cake donuts are no exception. You can count on these cake donuts to always be part of my DD order. I love the moist texture of the chocolate cake donuts."Munchkins": These bite-sized donut holes are truly little pops of pleasure. Whenever I order them, I usually go for the chocolate glazed or powdered cake (powdered sugar) munchkins. They're the perfect treat if you just want a bite-sized pick-me-up, but I usually get a handful of these -- there's no way you can just stop at one. "Croissant Donut": These bad boys just recently debuted on the DD menu, and since this donut chain is a mega corporation, they MUST have gotten the hybrid right. I've tried "Cronut" knock-offs from other places, so I'm eager to see how DD's version compares."Chocolate Peanut Butter Kreme Donut": I don't recall seeing this donut during my trip to DD, but then again, there were so many flavors to choose from that I easily might have missed this one. But any chocolate-peanut butter combos is a must-try on my list."Cinnamon Cake Donut": I've been craving cinnamony-snacks recently, so if this donut tastes anything like a Cinnabon, I'm sure I'll like it. Definitely need to try this sweet treat one day.  "Peanut Butter Flavored Kreme Donut": Though I love any chocolate-peanut butter combo, nothing's wrong with straight-up peanut butter as well. I'd love to try this no-nonsense, peanut butter-flavored donut one day."Chocolate Chip Muffin": I haven't tried any of the muffins at DD yet, but this moist, soft "Chocolate Chip" flavor would be my first choice. "Brownie": Because brownies are one of my favorite snacks, I'll have to try one from DD one day (of course, the bakery is known for their donuts, but their other baked goods have to be yummy as well). Here's to hoping this brownie is uber chocolaty and moist!
1	I don't know why I keep coming here..every time I come here my coffee is always nasty depending on who makes it..today alone..4 trys just to get a medium ice coffee correct, and its still nasty..want of $2something..yuck.. Starbucks next time. At least the know how to make an caramel ice coffee.
4	Being from New England where it seems like there is a Dunkin Donuts on every corner, seeing this Dunkin' Donuts was like seeing an oasis in a desert.Some other the other perks about this particular Dunkin' Donuts were that the staff was extremely polite, the drive-thru was extremely quick, and the coffee was delicious.Overall, this was a great place to stop on a long road trip especially after spending the day roaming the Vegas strip.
3	Excellent service! The older Gentleman serving us gave us handfuls of free Donut Holes to try as it was out first Dunkin experience. Sadly, the Donuts were not as good and quite frankly overpriced for what they are. The Cinnamon Donut Holes (or ''Munchkins'' as they call them $1 for 4) were dry and almost bitter, Jelly Filled were marginally better but still not all that impressive.We also got a half dozen for $5.79 none of which are memorable in any way.
1	I'm not impressed. The donuts tasted old and was not very sweet. There were not many donuts to choose from. I ordered a snickerdoodle latte that tasted more like coffee than the sugary diabetes I was anticipating. The person working the register was a bit rude as well. He acted like I was taking up his time. I always wondered why there weren't many Dunkin Donuts in California. If this is a reflection of how the stores are run, there's no need to put up more stores.
2	Stopped at this location because I was craving some donuts bad.  I had a taste for chocolate.  As I go in I see the selection and I start to look around like ok where are the real donuts or where is the real stash.  Sadly the photo I snapped is all they had.  It was 7:10 pm and they close at 9 pm.  So I'm assuming that they stop making donuts at a certain time.  I asked the manager if that was all they had and he stated yes.  You'd think that a donut joint would have a wide selection of donuts.  Not this location.  The search continues.......
1	This location sucks!!! Everyone provided horrible customer service. The manager was absolutely rude. All i wanted was for them to warm my coffee a little more in which was given to me cold. Never again going to this locations.
1	I've never really stopped to write a review before, no matter how bad the service was but this establishment certainly takes the cake. I was here a few days ago to grab some coffee. I ordered two cups of coffee. I waited patiently for the coffee to brew. 3 other customers came in. I watched them give them their coffees first. I wasn't rude, I was actually bubbly and smiley, more enthusiastic than they were. I made eye contact with one of the employees and then he gave me my coffee. I said it was probably the holidays and I didn't make a fuss. I left without saying a word.Today I came with my family. They first got our order wrong. I was missing one of the sandwhiches.Second, I asked nicely if someone could wipe down one of the tables. Didn't happen, we wiped it ourselves. Third, they ran out of stirrers. I asked for some and he shoved it in our hands. And lastly, their bathroom was filthy.
1	Omg!! No Napkins!!! Unacceptable!!!  Shift manager should have asked one of her employees to go out to the dollar store & buy napkins for customers. Instead of asking her employees to apologize  for the inconvenience. No one had Napkins! Employees were unhappy customers left upset. I will not return to this Dunkin donuts!! Buy Napkins!! That's what petty cash is for. Not great managerial skills disappointed!!!
