5	I agree, I agree, I agree.  Sunset really is a little oasis in the midst of all this Vegasness.  It's been around since the dawn of time, so it's foliage is all lush and mature.  There are vast expanses of grass, places for BBQs, a pond with a giant tiki-Easter Island-something-like-that stature in the midst of it all where you can go and feed ducks and geese and the occasional swan.  All manners of playgrounds and recreational courts dot its expansive acreage.I've heard tell of people complaining recently of too many people crowding it and playing loud music, etc., and how it's going downhill. As far as I can see, it's one of the most well kept parks around.  And if someone's bothering you with their music, I'm sure a polite 'excuse me' would do the trick.Throughout the year this place is host to events like the Renaissance Faire and the Christmas drive-thru light show as well as a host of others.  Pick up a Clark Country Parks and Rec schedule to see what's coming up.
4	This park is the best in Vegas!  It is so huge that we always get lost in it and can never find what we came to go for.  Everyone always picnics there and it is so huge that you can do whatever you want and no one will bother you.  I especially like the lake (which I've only found 5 times) and the pool (which I've found twice, lol).  It is like Central Park for Las Vegas.  I wish more people went there and it was more centrally located.  I also wish the place had less expensive events as well.
3	Sunset Park is a Vegas landmark. I'm not quoting that from anywhere, but I am assuming this because since I was born here, ever picnic, birthday party, and soccer practice has been here. There are volleyball, basketball, and tennis courts that are located on the outer perimeter. The inner area is dense foliage and a pond. I used to feed the ducks, but now I won't get close to them because I've heard enough stories of people falling in that nasty water! My recent hobby of disc golf is what has brought me back to the park. There is a full course, and aside from the occasional picnicers sitting directly in front of the "hole" it is a nice course. I really nailed a picnicer right in her bum once. Oops. Anyway...don't go now because you will die in the heat, but wait for Fall and check out the course. There are tourneys out there all the time too. Watch your back if Iam playing by you. I might take out an eye. Fo' real.
5	Visiting LV for the 4th time and I finally found a good place to lay in the grass. My friend has lived in Vegas for a few years and is a frisbee golfer, much like myself, so he found us a course to go out on. The course itself wasn't amazing, but it was good to get out. There were a lot of obstacles, but not more than I am used to in Madison. I lost a disc in a palm tree, but the grounds person backed his truck up to the tree and let me get on top with rake and shake it free (we found two others too!). I finished +12 (based on all par 3's which they weren't according to the signage) which is a bit high for me, but I haven't been out but twice this year, so I would say that this course is about average. The only problem with the course was that it was very flat (what can you expect in vegas, though?) The upside was there were a lot of shade trees, so you wouldn't get too hot. Decent course.The rest of the park looked very nice and well maintained. I will defintily be going back next time I visit LV.
4	Sunset Park is a very clean, neat organized place to have a get together, do some jogging, toss some frisbee or just hang out.  We have our media league softball games there.  The park has several fields available and plenty of parking.  But watch out for foul balls.  You don't want to be there in the middle of the day in the summer heat, so just make sure you handle your bidness in the morning.  I hear it can get shady at night but what park doesn't?  I am impressed with the parks in Clark County.  It's something the planners have gotten right as the area grew into a sprawling metropolis in the middle of nowhere.
5	great huge park!
4	Our softball team plays here.. it's a great, well cared for park! I also like that you can drink beer here. Ok well I'm not sure on that, but I do know I drink beer here so let's assume it's ok ! Negative star for the traffic jam that ensues between 6 PM games ending and 8 PM games starting.
4	I went to this park this morning for the first time and loved it. It's big, with lots of room to roam around, or you can jog on the trail. There are two nice, clean playgrounds, and lots of people fishing and playing basketball and softball and disc golf, and lots of dogs (both on leash and at the dog park). I just love that you can see so many people having a good time in this little oasis of No Neon.
4	I like this park. I just played tennis there yesterday with some friends. The courts are very nice. The park is really big for doing just about anything. The grass isnt green everywhere, mostly bron, but that's ok consiering that it's las vegas. And to keep grass green in this town is nearly impossible, especially in such a big park. All in all it's a nice park.
5	This is a huge park! Here you'll find a small lake (man-made), running trails, playgrounds, Frisbee golf, volleyball courts, dog parks, and much more, even a swimming pool (which I haven't tried yet).I like coming here with family and friends as a relaxing, fun, free thing to do in Vegas.
2	So I want to clarify that I am only rating the dog park, not the park as a whole. i did not spend much time outside of the dog park. I was visiting from out of town and brought Fido with me and wanted a place that she could get some good run time in, instead I found a park loaded with potential disasters. I showed up and the park was playing host to 5 Pit Bulls, 1 Rottweiler and 1 Chow. Now I know that you cant stereo type these breeds but at least one of these dogs were involved in one of the three "aggressive altercation" I witnessed in 15 minutes of being at the park. Being an owner of a smaller Aussie I became very wary that my dog would be on the losing end of one of these altercations so we headed back to the hotel. This park has potential to be a very nice park if the dogs and their owners are on best behavior. The park makes fresh water readily available and is on the bigger size of the dog parks I have been to. I did give it an extra star for the small dog area. There were numerous smaller dogs in there playing very well and had a real natural setting in there with small boulders for the lil guys to play on. If you do decide to pay this park a visit just keep a close eye on your dog (and everyone else's because they don't).
3	Really tests your tolerance for idiocy.  There's a balance of responsible owners and irresponsible owners.  Luckily, I think that the responsible owners typically prevail.  Pros:- Owners that pick up their dog's poo- Plenty of space for the dogs to run- Plenty of area for owners to sit- Doggy poop bagsCons:- People who let their kids go in the dog run w/o supervision- Owners that can't control their bullying dogs when other dogs are actually getting along.- Random ass people feeding your dog treats.  I understand you mean well but that's really just annoying.- Needs more shade- Owners that bring their big ass dogs into the small dog run
5	I haven't been back in a couple years, but at least when I used to live here, this place was the shiznitzle.Albeit man-made, there's a pond that makes for a very pretty scene, particularly if you're running/jogging.  There's a loop that goes around the water that ends up equaling almost exactly three miles.  So, not only is it a pleasant setting for a run but also one that's easy to track your miles.Also, there are ducks, and ducks are awesome.They will chase you though if they see you have more food that you're not handing over...
4	Nice park with lots of wildlife (birds, ducks, geese, rabbits, etc.) around (ie. distractions for my dog- she tries to chase 'em). Nice tracks and trails for walking. It's a nice recreation area- some people are fishing, there are tennis courts and softball fields, some people jog or walk, some families bring their children, sometimes there is an ice cream truck selling ice cream.  The Dog Park is in two sections- one for small dogs (20 lbs., I think), one for big dogs (best for huge dog breeds). I used to bring my dog here- probably one of the best dog parks around. It is popular, so at times, it can get crowded. It's nice to let the dogs run around. But you don't want your dog to drink from the community watering tanks, though. It's best to bring your own water bowl and water (bring a backpack). For the most part, I think my Labrador-Pit Bull mix only got into a couple of skirmishes, but my dog is rarely the instigator, it's my medium sized cocker spaniel that does that! (That's why we couldn't bring him there.)
4	Outstanding large park very close to the main strip and all the hotels.  The only reason not 5 stars is close to airport noise.
4	Just added a new jogging trail and a new dog run.
4	Having this park right across the street for work is great!!  Now that the weather is getting warmer I enjoy going over at lunch.  Sometimes I bring my lunch and just sit near the lake/pond and enjoy the fresh air, ducks, geese, and people.  Currently I come over at lunch to walk the mile loop around the lake.  Great way to get some excersize in and some beautiful scenery.  I have not tried the new desert walking trail, but hope to in the next couple of days.I do watch those ducks and geese when I walk by, I think they may attack me, haha.  Just don't have food in your pockets!
4	What a pretty park! Very big park with lots to do and lots of parking spaces. We stopped by to just relax and watch the ducks play. They get their own totem head thing and a little island. How awesome. But the grass in that area is filled with their poo. eww.They have a little pool that would be filled during the warmer months, they have volleyball courts, and I believe a lake for fishing, and the usual park stuff.Bonus: so much awesome dining options right in the area.
5	Water, grass and trees! Wild life. Great track : walk or run.
3	One of the largest parks in the city, this is a pretty cool place to run or play basketball.  You can usually find a serious game of basketball here.  I like to watch them play....there are some good players here, nothing like Venice Beach or Rucker Park, but for Vegas it's not bad for a pickup game.During the Christmas Season, they use to have a holiday lights festival here, but that was discontinued in 2010 due to the economy.....that's too bad, it was a nice place to bring your kids.Return Factor - 40%
4	not too bad. pretty big and open and theyve got good picnic table and grill areas. only downside is the screaming sound of airplanes from the airport. but my niece thought it was cool.
4	This is a great dog park!  I had been warned not to go there, especially at night, because violence was rising.  My dogs, husband and I have never had any issues here.  In fact, we were pleasantly surprised with how nice this park is.  We really enjoy the trail that goes around the pond in the center of the park.  We also like to let them run around in the fenced dog areas.  It's a huge park and there's always some kind of activities going on there.  Also very fun to people watch here!We'll be back with our dogs, for sure!
4	Sunset Park has multiple tennis courts, Frisbee golf, baseball fields, basketball courts, a mile long track, sandpits for volleyball, jungle gyms, a lake, BBQ grills, and shaded grass areas. It is perfect during the early morning. It is a nice place for families and a great place to spend your down time. The tennis courts are nice and that explains the wait for them, at times. With the added extensions on the track, one rotation is the equivalent of a mile. Come early because it is not exclusively for joggers and you will have to do some dodging if you come during peak hours.
5	Lake access is only via the dirt lot due to construction, and half the lake is gated off, so forget about jogging around that track.  The new track is awesome.  Not too much shade during the day or light at night, but early morning and evening times are best
4	has some great park style running trails, only wish that it had some water fountains along the trails.
5	Loved their dog park. It's at the corner of warm springs & eastern. Lots of room to run around & very well lit.
4	Unfortunately there is a lot of construction right now and the areas of the park that are open are limited.  That being said, it's a great place to play frisbee golf or take your dog out for a walk.  There are tons of trees to sit under on a hot day, basketball courts, volleyball courts, tennis courts.
5	It's so huge.  Tons of park area and even more activity areas.  Sand volleyball, tennis, biking, football, soccer . . . But basically, I've only utilized the grassy knolls and the play areas and these are substantial as well.  Playgrounds - In the new section (I don't know the name of the road but you enter off of Sunset between Tomiyasu and Mountain Vista, west of The Newt-er's house - Wayne Newton!) there is a really cool park for kids and a walking path.  We'll be taking my son's trike back for a ride on the path.  The playground stuff is totally new age in this area - seriously, like a playground I have never seen - but my son had a blast and the other kids there were loving it as well.  There are normal playgrounds in the main area - we've loved playing on those as well.Grassy Knolls - What more can I say, it's a grassy knoll, what's not to love.Lake / wildlife-I haven't been in ages, but before my dog, Sage, died (teardrop:( ) we went on a couple walk's there.  We used to walk around it (or "scoop the loop" as we called it at the lake back home-not as big of a loop, but still apropos).  It's cool because you feel like you are in the great outdoors in the middle of a city.  My dad said he had seen coyotes there - but that was year's ago - I doubt they are still there with all the urban sprawl in the area.
4	Sunset Park is a very nice park that has something for everyone. Fishing, trails, disc golf, basketball, volleyball and more. The location is very convenient too.BUT, irresponsible DOG OWNERS are ruining it!  There is dog crap everywhere, especially in the newer section that is off of Sunset Rd. near Tomiyasu. If you have kids, they are bound to roll in some or step in it.I hope all dog owners eventually get quarantined to their own small section and leave the rest for responsible park goers.
5	My review is only for the new dog park off of Warm Springs. I had been to the previous Sunset Dog Park once before the renovations, I was totally turned off by this trip that I never went back. Not only was the park not well kept but they people were rude and didn't watch their dogs. This dog park has TOTALLY changed for the better since the renovations last year, it's probably the best dog park in the city. There is a enough room for the dogs to run without feeling like you can't control them if needed. There are plenty of places for dog's best friend to sit down and even a shelter over a group of tables for shade.I have probably been to this park 25 in the last two months and have never had a problem with the people or the dogs. Everyone is friendly and picks up after their dogs. I would definitely recommend checking out the new dog park if you haven't been in a while.
5	This might be the best dog park around. It has the look, user friendliness, and well-kept appeal of Amador Vista Dog Park and the Size and dog friendly interaction of Dos Escuelas Dog Park. The renovations have been great with the 2 and potentially 3 dog parks. The rest of the park is great too. The dog friendly nature trail is fun if you like to run or walk w/ wo your dog.
5	** Review for the dog park **Apparently I came after they had the big renovation, & this has to be the best dog park in Vegas because of how large they designed it. My dog has so much room & more to run to his heart's content! The only drawback is unfortunately my dog contracted kennel cough by some means (whether drinking out of the puddles on the ground or from another dog). I think with the new expansion of the dog park they should also include a tip sign somewhere on the fences about being responsible owners & not bringing sick dogs to the park where others can contract it. (I know sometimes these things happen out of nowhere, but it would definitely help!) Otherwise my dog loves it here, the people are friendly, and people actually pick up after themselves.** Review for overall Sunset Park **Their renovations are making it such a lovely place to get away from it all & relax for the day :) I often come here with my dog on some sunny afternoons to walk around on the trails, or just stop underneath a tree to sit & enjoy the day. It is definitely HUGE, with areas for volleyball, biking, soccer, you name it! I don't have kids so I'm not too sure how the playgrounds work, but I'm sure there's plenty of room there in order for anyone to really enjoy their day!
5	If you like to speed walk, run, walk a pet, stroll with your child or whatever you want to make of this park..I really like it.  I only saw 1 part of it speed walking a few laps with a friend of mine.  It's perfect for beginners and novices alike. So put on your walking or runnings shoes and get out there.  It's nice to see Las Vegas providing an outdoor athletic are for people who don't want to stay couped up in their homes, stuck working out in a gym or walking around a school track. This is free and it's a great option. Get to steppin' Las Vegas!!!!
4	Great park for so many different activities. I thoroughly enjoy their walking trails as well as their tennis courts. It's a huge park with plenty of space for so many different things. It's a great place to soak in the sun and enjoy some well-needed time outside from time to time.I don't come as often as I would like since it's not in my neighborhood, but I have often met friends in the area to partake in the walking tracks or to play some games of tennis. They are well lit, so it's a good place to come in the evening or night as well.
4	I have been searching for  great dog park in LV and finally found it!  Just started going 2 weeks ago.  I have a small 5 lb dog and find that the larger dog owners in a lot of park feel that just because their dog is "nice" supposedly that they can bring it in with little dogs.  This did happen the first day but the women kept her dogs close to her and since the area is so large it did not matter.  She apologized and said that the large dog owners were being irresponsible and the dogs were snipping and biting at each other.  She let her dogs do her business, cleaned up, and left.Besides that the god owners are very nice and friendly.  There is tons of room to play and let your dog run.  All of the dogs I've met have great personalities and if your dogs a loner they leave them alone, too!  Very clean and well planned out!
4	I love coming to this park to feed the ducks. There is a big pond where tons and tons of ducks are swimming and relaxing. It is a great place to relax and have a chill day! During weekends and holidays the park is pretty packed, so keep that in mind if you are planning on coming here for a barbecue or to fish. This park is very dog friendly, so bring your furry friend along for the trip too!The only downfall is that the water the ducks swim in is extremely dirty! Sometimes it makes me feel a little sorry for them. Cups and little plastic bags fall in the water and float around among the ducks. Other than that, the other parts of the park are very well kept. Sunset park is definitely a park for all ages!
4	Clark County Taxpayers' at work.  As I write this review, Sunset Park is in a state of transition. Clark County has recently tripled the developed area of the park. It is a transition turning Sunset Park into the Central Park of Southeast Vegas. There are miles of newly paved trails with information signs. These trails travel through an attractive landscape that is fitting for a moderate walk. On April 15, I walked 6 miles on the trails.  Aesthetic improvements are taking place throughout the park. New landscaping adorns the northeast portion. Attractive street lamps have been put up along the park drive in the northeast section.    In the south center of the park an overlook was recently built. It affords views of the park and distant mountains. The view looking south and southwest gives the illusion that sprawl is relatively nonexistent south of the park.  Sunset Park is a place to bring your dog. On the trails I passed several people walking their dogs. Sunset Park features a highly rated dog park.  As I write this Sunset Park is a labyrinth of construction fences in the central to north central part of the park. The lake is only accessable on the southeast shore. As I found out, it is a long walk from the north parking lot. (Hopefully they are making drastic improvements to the lake). The parking lots from Eastern are in a state of disrepair.    Sunset Park is in a state of transition. Clark County taxpayers' dollars are making Sunset Park a transition for the better.
4	All these yrs I've been in Las Vegas, I had no Idea, this park was like this.  Although I guess there doikng construction.  You can go fishing, yes you need a licensens.  There's a volllyball park, like a serious volley ball park.  You can see that from the street. It's a nice place to go and just chill...Maybe go get that pizza at Sunset pizza and eat it in the park.  Check it out, just a nice place to go.
4	We came upon sunset park because a friend of ours had a bbq there.. and my first impression was: wow, this is a huge park!  I don't frequent here often because I don't live anywhere near it, but as soon as renovations are done, i'm taking my family and  poochies... some kalbi ribs, and skateboards and doing it up.  Four stars for this park offering a lot  of things to do!  There's a lake for fishing.... lots of grass and grounds to run on..  walking trails, tennis courts, duck feeding, pool, basketball courts, playgrounds... I think I saw on the news that after renovations are done, there will be a dog park built in. I like it!! There are plenty of bbq pits to use and lots of space between other ppl so your not intruding!  Can't wait to see what it looks like when it's all done! :)
4	best dog park...so far
4	It's summer time I've been trying to enjoy the various parks Vegas has to offer. I love Sunset Park though I haven't enjoyed the newer sections of the park yet.  They're still renovating the place off and on so some parts are closed or look messy.  But from what I remember what the park was and what the plans are I love it. It will get a 5 once everything is open.I'm glad they're finally utilizing the area between the main park and the park on warmspring.  I use to run on the unmarked paths just because I wanted to explore some but I felt like I was trespassing.  At least now there are trails, maps, shaded structures, and a little more planning and organization going on. The other night I didn't notice any lights that were on around the running paths or even along the back roads of the park so please watch look out when running and driving. I remember there being these obsticles along the paths so maybe they're still there.  I also remember the large duck pond having a stinky smell to it.  Again from a few years back.They still have bunch of sand vollyball courts towards Sunset and 1 along Eastern towards the Warmspring.  They still have the fresbie course, tennis court, kids playgrounds, baseball fields.  And a filty basketball court which does the job with a lot of hoops but you will get dirty bring a towel or something to whip yourself down from all the dirt.They have a duck pond with I've seen people fish out of. Lots of area for grilling, hanging out, enjoying some air and sun outside.
5	Love this park! There are so many different areas to explore.I absolutely love the running/walking trails. My favorite is the 1.5 mile loop trail around the desert dunes. They really did a nice job with informative signs and info about the dunes. My only complaint is that there is only one area on the trail that has shade. Very well maintained.A large portion of the park is undergoing renovations. so a lot of the park areas are roped off. Hopefully they will be done soon.This park has something for everyone. Fishing, disc golf, basketball, volleyball, tennis, playgrounds, and numerous picnic tables and pavilions. This place also has the largest dog park in Las Vegas. This place is also not overrun by the homeless and has a police station on premises. A great place to bring the family and enjoy a nice day in the park!
4	HUGE park!  Best place to practice all your sports from running, basketball, volleyball, tennis, soccer, football, softball, baseball, and even have your bootcamp classes here.They have courts for all of the sports above and wide open spaces to set up your own court.  It is a dog friendly park and there is actually a lot of shade.  They have restrooms when nature calls and when it gets dark at night, the lights come on over the court and field areas.I've seen many groups come out here to BBQ, practice, and play all kinds of sports.  You will never see this park empty.Lacks the 5th star due to my only issue; lots of potholes in the grassy areas.  This has caused some of my teammates on my soccer team some injuries from running into them.  These need to get fixed ASAP!.
5	Sunset Park is a very popular park for a pickup game of Basketball and dog walking in the morning hours before the heat of the day set in. Its been a while since I've taken my lunch or breakfast here but there are nice places to sit and eat al fresco. I used to grab a to go order from next door  and sit and listen to good tunes before walking around and getting my heart rate up. I always enjoyed this park and hope I get to see it more often.
5	I am a fanatical dog lover. You know, the kind where my dogs are human to me, they eat only organic food and drink bottled water? Okay, not bottled water ALL the time. You know me, I'm that kind of pet owner.Well, when it comes to taking and socializing my huma..dogs, they get the best when I come to Sunset dog park. This place is clean, the animals are non-aggressive with responsible owners always watching and picking up after them. It's exactly the kind of dog park you always hope you'll find when you move to a new place. There is grass (grass! in Vegas!) and lots and lots of room to run. There are always a lot of different breeds with a personality to suit even the most timid dog. My Gatsby is very much that dog and he is always running around with a friend. I love it. There are bowls and bowls of fresh water sitting around everywhere so don't worry if you forget your own. Also, they are clean and non-scuzzy and I never mind my pups drinking out of them. The people that go there actually seek you out to talk to you. Almost like a little welcoming committee. I'm always surprised by how friendly and open everyone is. Dog lovers are awesome people.By the way, there are always several ways to clean up after your dog; they have plastic bags and scoops and pans, plus if those aren't around (which they always have been for me) then someone always has an extra that they're willing to share. Parking is plentiful and it's just a really beautiful park. You can see the mountains from every side which is just stunning at sunset. You can trust that your dogs will have an awesome time here and be safe and happy!
4	A great park for some exercise, softball, duck feeding, fishing, or just playing around.  The best park of the park is the disc golf course.  All the challenge, competition, and skill of golf, with much lower green fees (free except for tournament entry fees).  Anyone who wants to play can just go out to the park and play.  If you want to buy disc you can find a Big 5 or buy disc sold at the Seven 11 on Sunset and Eastern.  When you get hooked on disc golf you must join the city club. For more information go to their site www.lvbagtag.com.
4	Potentially a fantastic park.  Great paved trails to walk your dog, run, bike.  Tennis & basketball courts, softball fields, disc golf, nature area for bird watching.  Picnic areas with bbq's, but didn't see anywhere to discard hot coals.  Lake area and some playgrounds are still fenced off due to construction.  Needs shaded areas and drinking fountains.  Restrooms are scarce on the trails, but spotted them near courts.  Very clean, free of trash.  Monkey run the paved and some of the unfinished gravel trails.  Enjoyed the soft sand next to paved paths, although plenty of sh*t needs to be picked up.  Happy to see your pups but please don't ruin it for the rest of us.  PIck up your dogshi*!!!  Doggie bags are provided especially for you.  Way to go Vegas!  Thank you for providing something fun for the non-gluttonous people who need more than a buffet, problem or party.
4	This is mainly for the dog park area of Sunset Park, I have yet to explore the rest of the park & would love to someday since it looks so nice & big! I have 3 dogs, all under 35lbs so we visit the small dog park & try to often since our first visit about a month ago. The weather has been beautiful & our dogs love this park. It's big, clean & there is always plenty of friendly people to chat with while letting your dogs run around & burn off some of their energy. I have to wonder though what the heck the deal is with these brainless people that are letting their big dogs run off leash through the parking lot either while heading to the big dog park or while leaving. I have seen a few close calls & had one myself with a very scary roided out meat head who smacked my car while I was backing up bc he thought I got too close to his dog that was running through the parking lot sans leash. Um, hello dude? Maybe if your dog was on his choke chain leash that you were holding over your Popeye arm, none of this would have happened! I am a huge dog lover & feel terrible that the dog has that tool for an owner & sincerely hope that he doesn't end up paying the ultimate price bc of his idiotic owner. But I seriously have seen this no less than a dozen times in the 5 or 6 times I've been there. Really people? It's a parking lot, with cars driving & parking & backing out, etc.. & your dog, big or not is still not big enough to always be seen. It just takes one time. Rant over. Otherwise, nice park.
5	This park is fun it even has a pond with ducks oh yeah I have pictures :) Its huge space is so cool because you can fly a kite or run around with your children. I use to come here often on my lunch break. Then it hit me yelp from this location. I so didn't know I would find it but yelp their it was. And its peaceful and relaxing. I like to take bread to feed the ducks they always seem hungry. I play brave until they all walk in my direction then I run away :) Its a dog park and can even be a romantic walk to walk your husband. I try to walk my husband often I mean go for a romantic walk with the husband please excuse my marrage humor lol.
4	In all by 15+ yrs I've lived in Las Vegas I never knew one of the parks had a lake. A LAKE!!! Not only that, but there are fishes in it... for people to fish! How cool is that!! So bascially came here to fish with my boyfriend one weekend. Didn't catch anything but saw other people catch stuff so we know there are fishes in the lake.. somewhere. This park is pretty much filled with people on the weekends. There are play grounds, volleyball courts pretty much anything and everything. When I went however the grass was kinda yellow, dried-out and dead. Maybe they will replace it during the spring or summer. Overall, this park is a nice place for duck watching, fishing, or taking the kids out for the weekend.
3	Glad the new playground was FINALLY opened ( almost a year late!).  The way it's laid out makes it hard to keep an eye on all of your kids, though.   Plus, it gets really crowded and there are too many places for your kiddos to hide.  Makes for one anxious mama, but we still go from time to time.Glad they've finished all the renovations.  It looks cleaner and it's safer for the kids now that everything's completed.  Come by on Saturday mornings to join our group for Ultimate Disc pick-up games. :)
4	Sunset Park is a grassy breath of fresh air in a city filled with rocks and dry earth.  I've never explored the entire park, but have had a lot of fun with my friends playing basketball, volleyball and softball.  I've also noticed many disc golfers playing at the park, so i imagine their course is pretty good.I mainly come here for basketball which prevents me from giving a 5 star rating.  While the hoops are in decent shape for a street court, the surface is always slippery so I never feel I can run/jump at full speed.  Maybe having a tennis-like surface is too expensive to maintain, I'm not really sure.  While sometimes I feel like some of the people aren't the best who play here, I've never seen any fights or had any issues.  After all this is a basketball court, not a 5-star restaurant!
4	We mainly go for the dog park section which is a really nice set up with 3 separate areas; one for small dogs, one for large dogs and one they keep closed to repair. They rotate the areas very often, more than most parks do. The runs are decent sized with some grass, covered picnic tables, rock and stone structures, all surrounded by dirt/gravel. We always find tennis balls lying around in the grass, so we don't have to bring one. Working water fountain, plenty of trash cans, even pooper scoopers available if you don't want to use a bag. It's pretty clean, not as many "land mines" as most parks. All the humans and doggies we've encountered have been friendly. The human toilets are near the parking lot and dog park which is helpful.Next to the dog park is a few baseball fields, if you walk behind them, you can make your way to the main area of Sunset Park. Walking trails, picnic tables, grills, children play areas, frisbee golf course, tons of trees and shade. You can eventually make it to the pond and take a nice stroll around while checking out the duck and geese. You can even fish. It's a busy park, even on a weekday, but it's still relaxing.I know they also have sand volleyball areas as well. So much to do here, or don't do anything and just chill. It's all good.
4	It's a huge park!!  They have been working on remodeling which was much needed.  I like the pond especially for kids to feed ducks and fish.  They have lots of trails for runners, and lots of fields for all different kinds of sports including sand pits for beach volleyball.  They have several softball fields which are not in very good condition anymore thanks to years of leagues being played here.
2	Jogging path around the lake is gone, pool is gone, parking lots and roads are a maze, nothing is better, 2 years closed and $11.1 million spent to make it worse. If they wanted to make it better, all they had to do is make the parking lots bigger, and pave the south parking lot, which is still gravel and makes tons of dust when driving through. Spent a ton of money to make it worse, should have spent those millions of dollars to keep all those teachers instead.
5	I love this park. My family and myself have been coming here for ages. It is very well maintained and has facilities to appease any athlete. There are areas for absolutely everything. I love keeping the butts of my bread and bring them down to feed the ducks and geese. It is also a wonderful place to go walking/running. The new desert track they have has such beautiful scenery that I sometimes forget we are in the middle of a city. Be sure to dodge the random bunny or road runner that may run across the path as you go!
3	Sunset is one of the few "all inclusives" large parks in town. There's various sports fields, short stops, playground, a lake, a dog park, lots of greenery and trees to hang out under or picnic tables. It's a solid family park to hang out and since it's large it doesn't feel overly crowded since there's room to spread out to play games and such. I came from a special event recently and there are only one lane each going in and out through the entrances. A bit of a clusterfuck going in truthfully. The space given for it was adequate without interrupting the space of regular part goers.I enjoyed the lake a lot since there's few places of water around town. It's a A-OK spot in my book, but not my favorite park in town.
5	This park has every commodity you can ask for. Running trails, baseball fields, basketball courts, volleyball pits, a lake (with ducks), BBQ pits, picnic areas, play grounds, special events, and my favorite part of all is the dog park. The dog park that is located on the corner of Eastern and Warm Springs. is open from 6am-11pm. There are three different play areas for your four legged friends designated by the size of your dog. My Border Collie Diesel loves it here and has made a few friends. Let your dog's loose while meet amazing people from all walks of life. Any outdoor activity you can imagine Sunset Park can accommodate you. 5 stars to Las Vegas Parks and Recreation for keeping Sunset park well maintained.
5	This is one of the nicest parks in town; it's kind of astounding the kind of amenities they offer here. 1. Frisbee Golf: wether you've got a set of professional grade disc golf "drivers" or you pick up a couple cheap frisbees at the drugstore on your way here- you're almost guaranteed a good time, weather permitting.2. Dog Park: there are very few dog parks in Vegas, and I love that this park has a substantial dog area. 3. Play areas: there are more than a couple jungle gyms on site for the kids, tennis courts, basketball courts, an area for volleyball, and even a really nice running track available. This park hosts a handful of events during the year; it is one of the only parks that is big enough to hold festivities like the ren fair. You will almost always be guaranteed a good picnic spot in the park- there are so many areas that are shaded.
5	I was already a big fan of Sunset Park before the renovation, but now that they've finished revamping the playgrounds, landscaping, and picnic areas, I think it's amazing.First, for those with little guys, there are 3 brand-new (2013) playgrounds, all shaded and with lots of different toys and climbing structures, and special areas at 2 of the playgrounds that are more accessible to the 3 and under crowd. There is a new splashpad that looks really cool, but has yet to open - I'm hoping it's sometime this month!Frisbee golf...where else are you gonna find that??It's a huge area, so there's plenty of open space for running around or just sitting down and lounging.Lots of sand vball courts (8 I think) - league games during the summer and pickup ball on weekends for all levels.Lots of basketball courts, and every evening there's a pickup game going on.Tennis courts, although I can't really comment on the activity there.OLD trees!Softball fields that are constantly in-use for city leagues.Lots of picnic areas - whether you just want to sit down in the shade and enjoy a bottle of water or reserve an area for a couple hundred people. The new areas (including a huge amphitheatre) all are covered by multi-colored shade canopy things.A gravel running/walking path about 1.5 miles in length.2 dog parks (big and small) that are always busy.Duck pond! Seriously, it's so awesome to have this pond near my house. It makes running at the park more scenic, it attracts ducks, which my daughter loves to feed, and it hosts fisherman and RC boat races, which is at least interesting.As if all that wasn't enough....it's also connected to the huge new DUNES PARK which has about 3 (guess) miles worth of desert trails weaving all through it. I love being out there on a nice day (or just early in the morning) and seeing all the people out running, walking, or biking. And even though you're only a few yards from either Eastern or Sunset, they've done a great job of secluding the path with the dunes and plants.Quadruple bonus for being within walking distance of my house.Overall, I can't think of much more that a public park could offer!
5	I don't know about you, but where I grew up on the East coast there were tons of huge parks with playgrounds, picnic areas, sporting areas and more. I love them. Sunset Park is WONDERFUL! After the most recent re-development I have to say, it's only gotten better. The dog park area (Warm Springs and Eastern) is in excellent shape and provides the dogs large areas to run and play. I've encountered only the nicest dog owners with a mind for responsibility. There are 3 dog park areas that rotate based on the maintenance schedule and keep the large dogs and small dogs separated. The new walking/jogging path has been my favorite since it opened a few years ago. Beautiful desert landscaping that makes you feel like you've left the Vegas valley for a quiet, peaceful desert oasis. Forget the gym, this is my place to work out!Then there's the pond area which has very recently re-opened to include new places to relax, have parties, run in the grass or walk the pond trail and enjoy the gorgeous weather. The boat launch looks like it was taken right out of NYC's Central Park. There is now an amphitheater with ample seating and grassy areas to enjoy. We've had our own spontaneous dance parties on the small stage which is a blast!Last but certainly not least, the new playground on the Sunset side (just south of the Volleyball courts) is AMAZING! The entire playground looks like a tree house so the kids can climb up faux tree trunks and have a blast playing in, on and around the trees and leaves. This park also just opened with a water feature or splash pad. This is my favorite part! Tall leaves spraying cool water and so much more! YOU CAN EVEN RENT BIKES, FRISBEE GOLF EQUIPMENT AND MORE (in the building just to the northwest of the tree park).oh yeh...and a new Frisbee Golf course. LOVES IT! Definitely recommended for some fun with the family, a date or some friends.
4	What an oasis! Sunset Park has something for everyone. From a disc golf course, volleyball area, a giant lake for birding and fishing, playground.. I frequented the disc golf areas and the lake the most. It is wonderfully fun to watch the geese and ducks. At a recent meetup I went to at the park, we saw a roadrunner as well as bunnies.The covered picnic tables could use a good scrubbing, otherwise they are good for a cookout.
4	5/14/13  Went during the Great Dane Club meeting.  There were nearly 30 of them!!  Nice park with green areas, places to sit with a covered area.  Dog watering station and areas are separate for large and small dogs.
4	I've only used Sunset Park for the dog park.Sunset park has two dogs parks located on the south side of the park (warm springs side). One park is for the bigger dogs while the other is for smaller dogs.Both enclosed dog areas are very big and have plenty of room for dogs to run around. Their are hoses at the park so that people are able to wash their dogs or fill up water bowls. The parks as well offer poopie bags incase you forget you own.They is a shaded area with tables for owners to sit and relax while dogs have fun playing.My only issue with this place is those that frequent it often and feel entitled as royalty. I bring my dog here when I'm in the area and she isn't very social. She likes me to walk with her and if I sit down, she lays next to me. Dogs at times don't understand personal space and wouldn't let her be. The owners don't help if others dogs were pestering her or playing too rough. I believe one of the regulars said something to the point as, "if you don't want rough dog play, don't bring your dog here."Outside that, it's great. It's just those days when you have the "Michael Vick Battle Dog Owners"
5	Best dog park hands down. Believe me I would know ive been to all of em in town but they dont have anything on this park. The dog park is on the corner of eatern and warm springs and there are 2 sections: dogs up to 35lbs & 35lbs and up. I take teddy to the 35lbs and under and its usually the same regulars and their dogs that I see there which is great. Everyone knows each other, cleans up after their dogs, help clean water bowls, they are even a few people who make rounds around the park with a pooper scooper just making sure to pick up anything someone may have missed. Most dogs are friendly I have yet to see a fight break out just the occasional snapping at each other with a growl. No big deal. Safe enough and the dogs love it!!! Theres usually someone there at all times of the day but most people go at 6:30am-7:30am and 6:30-7:30pm. Oh and a lot of dog parks dont have any grass this one does so thats also a plus :)
5	Love this event! Perfect weather, and a lot of good! Adam the Bawdy Juglgler, half naked women's. Heh. Could be better if I wasn't here all alone. The bathrooms have doors now, and when there isn't a fair they have Frisbee Golf. Nice park, no homeless issues. Plus, theres a Taco Bell nearby. :)
5	Love to go here feed the ducks and walk around the lake and savior my time talking to strangers and their pets.
4	I have been to this park plenty of times and was discouraged when they were doing renovations to the park. Now that the renovations are done its a great place to take the family and provides an assortment of activities.There are numerous playgrounds with canopies throughout the park. There's one with a splash pad also. In addition there is a area where you can take a walk with your pet and is located on the South end of the park. Furthermore there are a lot of wide open spaces, hiking/jogging path around the park, tennis courts, basketball courts and sand volleyball courts.Last but not least is the lake. This is a very nice and peaceful area of the park to go and just relax. You can feed the ducks, fish, take a relaxing stroll around the lake or just take a blanket, sit by the lake and have a picnic. Lastly I have seen boat enthusiasts have remote control boat races around the park too. It's pretty entertaining to watch but I don't know exactly when their out there.There are also special events that take place at Sunset Park so check your local listings to see when they have them.
4	No doubt Sunset Park is great and has many activities as well as wide open spaces and plenty of picnic tables. You can feed ducks and at times they have remote controlled boat races. It's also great cause it has an expansive lake which you will not find many in this city. BUT I would like to see more covered picnic tables and most importantly if you do head out to Sunset Park you will notice that between the main park and the hiking park the parking lot is not paved. It is filled in will gravel and dirt. This has bothered me and you wonder why they didn't get this done when they were renovating? I have no idea but this is something that needs to get done.I was pretty disappointed when they were performing the renovations to the park but now that they have finished you can see the improvements to the park!
3	This park seems a bit confusing to me. I know construction is over but it always appears to have something being worked on or redone and just seems unfinished to me. I enjoyed the lake a lot since there's few places of water around town. The large adjacent jogging trail through the desert seems a bit dangerous and unkempt to me. Definitely not somewhere I would like to go alone. The Frisbee golf course is definitely one of the highlights of the park. Also due to the close proximity of the airport this park isn't one of the more peaceful and serene spots in town. Just ok in my book. There are definitely nice spots in town to unwind and have fun.
4	There have been upgrades to this large park since our last visit.  We walked around the jogging trail which has been extended and enjoyed the view of the large pond with many ducks, cormorants and a single white pelican.
5	I love sunset park!  Great place to exercise. I run and rollerblade here all the time with the pup. He loves getting his run on at sunset! He enjoys stalking the wildlife here, which include an array of birds and rabbits. Haha. I usually park near the playground in the east lot. Each lap via the trail is about a mile long.  This is useful if you're tracking your mileage. The sidewalk trails are usually clean until recently. They've been removing some plant life leaving rocks and soil on the sidewalks. It's hard to rollerblade on dirt :/ They have a lot of events at sunset park. And I know they have softball, flag football and volleyball leagues here, as well. It's a very nice park!
4	Great park! Pretty big with a wonderful pond. It's cola to my house so I'm looking forward to strolls, may be even jogs here.
4	I've been to Sunset park a few, times, this last time was to play disc golf for the first time.With the exception of a surly bum who was trying to challenge us to a fight for cussing, it was a beautiful day.The park was clean, and the disc golf course was awesome.  Can't wait to go back!  I"ll be headed back again on Sunday. :)
5	Great dog park off warm springs and eastern end
4	I recently shit my pants while having a picnic with my girlfriend. I waddled to the bathroom to relieve and clean myself up and noticed there were no stall doors. Anybody could of walked in and saw a grown man with shit all over himself. After i cleaned up i went to wash my hands and there was no soap!! Nice park though, I caught many trout from that pond.
4	Plenty of ducks here so bring lots of bread!
4	This park is HUGE!!!!  i read that it is 14 acres!  If you and your family cant find a spot to hang out and enjoy your day here then you just didnt walk in far enough!  The lake is nice, a lot of geese and ducks for kids to feed and they say that fishing is available as well!The day we were there they were having mini speed boat races and that was fun to watch.  The dog park on the Warm Springs side has got to be the nicest dog park we have been too, and everyone there was extremely nice we well!  A great place to spend a nice afternoon!
4	Years ago, I used to work in the administration building in Sun set park, and haven't been to it for a good two years.Wow ! What a difference two years makes !The park is very large and is beautifully done complete with new walk ways, benches and jungle gyms. We of course, came for a walk around the duck pond. Which was full of birds to feed. This of course attracted pigeons.... Who sure as he'll are not afraid of humans.The only down side, is that it i s dirty. Cigarette butts are everywhere. It's bad enough that I have to worry about my daughter eating rocks...... Now this too ?The trash goes on with food items, plastic bags and on and on.
5	It's not Central Park, but it's the closest thing we got. A great place if you want to escape the Strip or suburbia. I come here primarily for the walking trail that circumvents the man-made lake.  The trail has widened and lengthened so it's not congested when people are jogging. There are workout stations sprinkled all over, including a sit-up bench, monkey bars and a chin-up bar. The trail isn't totally flat, there are little inclines; also, there are cross roads on the trail, so it doesn't become so boring.From beach volleyball to softball, you can play most sports. The park is well maintained and they added new infrastructure which looks really nice. It would be nice if there was a desert flower garden nearby, just to add some color to the park. So come all you fitness aficionado's, families, and people who are still sticking to their New Year's resolutions, because all is well here.
4	Beautiful park located on the SE side of town, next to the airport. Not only you get a nice view of planes landing at the McCarren International Airport (if anything, almost a better and closer view than the viewing spot on sunset XD), but there's a super wide variety of stuff to do at this park. 8 Tennis Courts, 8 full basketball courts (or 16 half courts), 8 baseball fields, 7 sand volleyball courts, frisbee golf, and the only park in the city to have a HUGE lake where people can picnic, bbq, fish, play on the kiddie playground, etc etc etc. On a nice weathered day, its a wonderful place to be to hang out or even be on your book/kindle and enjoy the weather and scenery of the lake ! Tons of parking EVERYWHERE. AND i believe theres a few walking/biking trails located east and south of the park. Love it ! Wish it was closer to my house =X Wish desert breeze could turn into something like this....
5	I'm very happy to have this park just a couple of miles away from my place. Whenever I want to walk myself or my dogs I jump in the car and get there in no time. Doggies love it, too! Especially barking at birdies at the lake. Lots of sitting areas, great for reading, resting, walking.
5	There is a bunch to do here. Basketball courts, tennis courts, disc golf, dog park, man made lake with plenty of ducks, baseball field, plenty of room for football, lots of kids play areas and swings. Not to mention it is close to coffee shops and food.
4	This was a really nice park. I was here for an event that was also very fun. They had a nice large picnic area . I was quite surprised on how big the park actually was, along with some really nice walking paths and space for the kids to run around and play. I will definitly come back to this park ...
4	Our LeTip networking chapter had a picnic here yesterday.  We were able to grab a spot on the grass by the volleyball courts.  The grass was adequately maintained and I didn't see any trash lying around or rough spots.  A county employee on a bike advised us we weren't allowed to play horseshoes.  Apparently there's some rule about not driving stakes into the ground because somebody hit a power line once?  I'd go back and have another picnic there.
5	had so much fun feed the birds.  took a really nice mile walk.
4	Outstanding park for the little ones! Several different jungle gyms and a water splash pad for cooling off. We saw lots of people playing volleyball, soccer and frisbee games as well.
4	Sunset Park, an oldie, but a goodie!  It has recently gotten a nice facelift and it is looking good!  I used to come here all of the time when I worked near by for lunch.  It was so-so at best back then.  I was just out here a few days ago and it is really great now!  Why? Well...1. The new water play area!  There is so much water here and it is doing from all directions, so you will get wet...and enjoy every second!  This is the best water play area I have been to in town.  Simply great!2. Lots of new playground stuff!  There is a completely new play ground near the water area that is a blast.  There are a few more scattered throughout the park as well.  I didn't hit them all, but the ones I saw looked fun.3. So many courts!  There are a ton of basketball and volleyball courts around.  I doubt you would even have to wait to grab a court, since there are that many!4.  It seems like they have re-seeded or re-sodded a lot of areas.  I remember there used to be a lot of bad grass areas, but this last time everywhere looked great.  You have got to have nice grass at the park!5. There's a lake!  And you can fish there!  And it is even stocked regularly.  So much fun for the kids, even if I can't catch a darn thing here to save my life!So the moral of the story is, if you have kids, go check out Sunset Park, especially the new water play area because you will have a blast!
4	Love love love the new renovated park!  I play softball here all the time, and only went to see the lake a couple times, but it was disgusting. No benches, rusty shelters, etc, but since the renovation, it's just so relaxing and peaceful. Great place to have a picnic w/ the family, lots of shaded areas and open areas to let the kiddos run around. Every weekend, there seem to be company picnics by the shelters across from the splash pad.  I like the wide walking trails that are dirt, so as to not burn my dog's paws, and lots of grassy areas. They have those fitness stations (chuckle), which some people do utilize....There are two children's playgrounds on each side of the softball fields in the middle of the park, one really close to the lake, and the other on the opposite end of the lake.  Both are shaded areas. My only gripe is the cleanliness of visitors. Lots of wrappers, hooks from fishing that may have broken, bait laying around marinating in the heat...specifically the hooks and gross bait laying around are not healthy for dogs, or little kids that don't know any better, so please pick up after yourself.  There are tons of trash cans around the area to dispose of these things properly.  Let's keep the park clean and make it a fun place to visit.
5	Just living is not enough... one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.Hans Christian AndersenI was going stir-crazy after living four years amidst the sand, heat, concrete and LED lights that compromises most of what I know as Las Vegas. I love Las Vegas, it is home, but one thing I miss, living in this great city of ours, is nature. Sure, we have the breathtaking desert, but I need trees! I need water. Birds that go quack. Little slippery things that swim and taste good. I need Sunset Park. This little square mile or so of paradise has been my haven. It has everything I need, a manmade lake, hiking trails, frisbee golf, and GRASS. LOTS OF GRASS. Hello allergies, how I missed thee (in a weird way). On mornings when my insomnia is raging, I try to walk the mile-long obstacle course, as it clears my head and soothes the mind. The place is a soul saver.
4	I was born and raised here in Las Vegas and have been coming to this park for 20+ years. All I can say is this park as done a complete 360! Great job Clark county!!
5	We've visited this park a handful of times. Once for a company party, about a dozen times for their really large and awesome dog park, and 3 times for fishing. The park's great for all the activities you'd like to do there: frisby, BBQ-ing, fishing, jogging, tennis, beach volleyball, etc. I've even seen some kids karate-competing (supervised). The BBQ areas are really clean, that I've seen so far anyways. Never used those, but maybe one day I will. Fishing:We caught 2 fishes there the past 3 times. They stock their pond/lake monthly in the summer time with fishes such as trout, channel catfish, carp, etc. From sizes of tiny ones that are the size of my pinky - to ones that are 10lbs+. That's really big, according to some. And don't be turned off by the sound of "pond/lake". This pond is big enough for a beginners to intermediate, or just about anyone who wants to catch an hour or two after work or something. The good thing about fishing at Sunset Park is that their fish is clean. If you don't eat the fish you catch, that's fine, but we do. The water there is filtered for harmful chemicals and such. It's not the cleanest (actually it IS the cleanest public park pond/lake I have ever seen in my life), but then again if you've ever owned fishes, you know that unkept fish tanks and ponds can get dirty REAL quick. So it's not bad how well Sunset Park keeps the pond/lake clean. By the way, to fish here, you need a fishing license (like everywhere..) and a trout stamp if you plan on fishing and keeping/taking home trouts.Update: I don't know why Sunset Park's pond hasn't been cleaned in over a month, but the bird shit really need to go!!
4	Good ole sunset park. Really like the renovations they have made at this place. What's good about this park is it's got enough space and stuff to do so that everyone can be happy. Whether it's basketball, volleyball , fishing, walking, jogging, feeding the ducks & geese, barbecuing, or taking the kids out to get some fresh air you will find something to do over here. It gets very crowded on the weekend or holidays but there's a lot of land so it's not that bad. The walking paths are very well maintained and clean. The many playgrounds they have all seem to be in very good condition. They should stay on top of the litter that blow into the water more. The pond /lake is pretty , the Easter Island head and "bird island" are a nice touch. There's a large variety of waterfowl here, some stay on the little island while others swim about the pond or go on land to get fed. Other than a few carp & catfish I don't see that they are stocking it as much as they have in previous years. What's nice is that there is a police station on the premises, usually cuts down on the troublemakers. What was really fun and very pretty was when they transformed the park for Christmas. There were free bounce houses for kids, a little ice rink, music, fire pits, a Ferris wheel and horse drawn carriage rides around the lake. I really hope that they make that an annual tradition. All in all sunset park is a one stop shop kinda park. If you have friends or family visiting, bring them to sunset to show them there is more to vegas than just the strip.
4	A nice park,  children love the water / playground area one of the nicer ones in Las Vegas. Volley ball courts, Tennis Courts, the lake (man made) but still nice. I can't imagine people really catch fish in the lake as loud as the RC speedboats racing in the water.
5	Awsome weather for a walk today.  Love the trails in the park ... just wish I could pet the cute little bunnies.
4	** This Review is mostly for the Frisbee Golf Course **Cricket, frisbee golf, and ducks. Lots of ducks and maybe a drunk homeless guy in there somewhere. Look I know, it's a just park. But if you're actually from Las Vegas, and i'm assuming many people reading this review aren't, Sunset Park use to be the place for birthday parties, fields trips, or just ways to kill time on a long weekend afternoon. Confusion kicked-in as I pulled into the parking lot and realized how much of the park has changed for the good since the last time I was here. Now there's hiking trails that extend into the other side of the park, which looks like a vacant lot/desert hybrid. There's also multiple playing areas with slides for kids, and a giant rec. center near the main entrance. Wow, high five to the city of Las Vegas or Clark County? My main goal today was to play frisbee golf and enjoy the amazing November weather. The course here boasts 24 holes which is crazy and by the layout of these holes and directions, the dude who designed this course might have been insane. The entire course takes place mostly on the west side of the park, but does wrap around one of the many baseball courses. Hole #1 starts on the left side of the main Eastern Avenue entrance. You really have to be careful of which direction you're headed, because the course takes weird twists and turns and sometimes there are two baskets for one hole? Maybe the multiple holes are for varying feats of expertise? (that's what she said) This was a little confusing at times, but we still had a blast. Once you hit hole 14th you have to cross the parking lot and you start hitting up the South end of the park. It's a great way to map out the park and get a little exercise in at the same time. I didn't end up finishing the course because the homies and I were having way too much fun sippin' and talking about the good old days. If you have a lot of family coming into town for the upcoming holidays. This could be a good way to keep them busy and it's free!... just saying!
4	Neat little place ...  I mean BIG place     This is  a nice large park with tons of baseball diamonds, sand volleyball, frisbee golf. A big "pond" , lots of birds and lots of picnic areas to set up and relax for a bbq. Lots of paths and open area for frisbee, football, pretty much anything
1	Didn't get to eat. No parking without walking a Mile. Plenty of handicapped lots with no one in them.
4	Sunset Park!!! How do I not have a review for you yet!? Currently holding the Duchess title, whoo!! I love coming here to practice soccer, walk the babies, walk myself and visit the ducks. They have trails, volleyball, basketball, tennis, lots of open fields, a dog park, and I've even seen people playing cricket! It doesn't hurt that this place is also right next to Sunrise Coffee, my fave :)The main reason why I love this park besides that fact that it's only a few minutes drive for me, is because I'm somewhat antisocial when I'm "exercising" and there are many places that you can go here to have an entire area of grass to yourself. Also, anytime my boyfriend and I take our doggies to the dog park, everyone is really friendly and we always strike a conversation with someone about our babies! I just love this park!
5	Great park! Love walking there and doing stuff.  Tennis courts and disk golf are awesome. Only downside is losing a disk to eastern or a homeless guy.
