5	This is my new favorite late night eating spot in LV.  I used to have so much trouble finding a spot to eat when I was staying at the Wynn or Encore, since Fat Burger and Earl of Sandwich is so far away.    It's a long story on how I found this place, but it involves a rental car, spending $5 on a bottle of water and the Hoover Dam.  Anyway, this place is pretty awesome.  They have a Carne Asada Fries plate that is as big as your head (you can get a smaller version for half the price, but why do that to yourself? they're that good.).  The tacos and quesadillas are also really good.  My friend said the spicy pork tastes like chinese bbq pork and the quesadillas are not the ones that most people are used to.  It's more like a flat taco with a fried tortilla on top.  The staff here is really friendly too.  The guy making the tacos and cutting pork from the meat slab was having a conversation with almost everyone that came in.So if you're coming from XS, Tryst, Surrender, Blush, etc. and you're drunk or babysitting a drunk, then you should just walk to this spot.  There's also a good Mediterranean food place and a 24 hour Korean BBQ restaurant in the strip mall, so you have options.There is also a Tacos El Gordo in Downtown LV, but I'm not sure if it's still open.
5	awesome! Tijuana style tacos in Vegas, I thought I was dreaming when I saw the sign. So refreshing after days of expensive mediocre food and buffets with taco-bell style Mexican food (WTF???)fresh made corn tortillas....grilled onions and peppers...amazing grilled meats and salsas. That's all you need.
5	Thank you Tacos el Gordo for bringing good TJ tacos to Vegas! I was so sad that I moved from San Diego to here. I miss the authentic Mexican food that can be enjoyed so conveniently near home. However, this is exactly what real TJ style tacos are about. The meat cut right in front of you, fresh ingredients, and homemade tortillas. The flavors are amazing, and that's something that can't be beaten. I wish the tortillas were a little bigger, but they pack them so well, it's almost unnoticeable. Great service too. SO AMAZING!!!
5	Tacos el Gordo Vegas style! I love that I can finally get good tacos without having to go to California. The set up is the exact same as you'd see at the San Diego locations. The adobada is amazing I have to get at least a couple whenever I come here and the carne asada is very flavorful without being dry like most in Vegas. The Vegas locations have carne asada fries too which I haven't tried yet but will the next time I go there (probably this week haha)
4	I've been wanting to go to this place for a while, as it seemed to get good reviews on Yelp, but the original place off of Charleston Blvd. is a little far.  When I heard one opened near the Wynn, I thought I'd check it out with the family.I had the adobada and carne asada tacos.  Both were good in their own respect, but I liked the adobada tacos the best.  Having gone to a few places like this around Vegas, you can definitely tell the difference with the quality of the meats and tastes of their spices.  I thought we had bought enough for the family, but it ended up everyone ate their share or was planning to eat their tacos.  So, I ended up buying some more adobada tacos, which was yuuumm yuuummm, again.My sister-in-law had the lengua (tongue) tacos and she thought that was really good as well.  I'll definitely come back and try this taco, but will definitely get the adobada tacos too.There were two drawbacks for me, which prevented me from giving it 5 stars.  First, the price is $2 per taco for most tacos.  I just feel weird paying $2 for tacos this size.  I'm used to paying 4 tacos for $5 at other places, granted the tacos are a wee-bit bigger here.  Instead of paying around $6 or so at other places, you end paying $8-10 (plus drink).  But, I guess you pay for the quality and taste here.  Initially, I thought it was because this place is on the Strip, but looking at the menu pics for the other Tacos El Gordo in Yelp, the price was the same. =(  The other issue is that they don't sell refried beans, which for some reason my 2 year old son loves and mixes it in with the tacos.  We were worried that he wouldn't eat them, as he gets picky at times, but to our surprise, he wolfed down his carne asada tacos.  This reinforces my thoughts on the taste and quality of the meats. =)Although the price is a little more expensive per taco, it is worth it and as mentioned, I would come back to this place.  For folks visiting from out of town and staying in the Strip, the price is definitely good, compared to the cost of food at the hotels.  I would recommend others to try it.
5	Alright! Everyone is a winner when Tacos El Gordo opens up a new location on the strip. Whether you're a tourist, drunk late at night, a poor college student, or just simply looking for a quick and affordable meal. Actually if you're staying at a casino on Tropicana and walking is your means of transportation then.. sorry, sucks to be you, but at least you have Earl of Sandwich at the Planet Hollywood. HOWEVERRR if you're a beast and can walk 4 blocks or so in triple digit heat then you indulge yourself by all means.Why I love Tacos El Gordo:1. Corn tortillas that are slightly fried before you get them2. The asada is cooked when you order it (or at least in my experiences). That deserves a high five.3. ALL-YOU-CAN-DRINK HORCHATA for $1.40? Don't mind if I do.4. The spicy pork shawarma (adobada) looking thing, most definitely the star of the establishment. There is a slice of pineapple sitting on top of it, leaking all of its delicious juices into the delicious spicy pork. Plus you get a slice on pineapple added to the taco. 5. Plenty of meat is given, along with the onions, peppers, and green sauce (I'm not sure if its guacamole or not). 6. The bathroom is CLEAN! Be honest, you know how most cheap eats don't have the cleanest bathroom.They also have beef head (Cabeza), beef tongue (lengua), and tripe I believe. No chicken just in case you're wondering. Lastly aside from the tacos they have asada or adobada fries ($10), tortas ($4), and quesadillas ($4). All the essentials to a drunk meal.Random note: 3 tacos @ $2.00 each plus one drink comes out to be $7.99 after tax
5	WOW. Coming here after a night of drinking was a life changing, food experience. Everybody in the place was Spanish, so you know it's authentic. Maybe it was a good thing that they started speaking to me in their native language even though I didn't understand a dam thing cause I don't want the Gringo treatment.Make sure you get into the correct line. Go to the right for adobada, and the left for everything else. Some chica cut in front of me only to be told to move over (that's what you get, HA). All I said was "two", and the cook asked if I wanted everything on them. Of course! After warming the corn tortillas in some fat, He sliced some meat off of the rotating spit (the same kind they cook gyro meat on), and speedily added the onions, cilantro, and a green sauce. Spicy, greasy, crunchy, creamy...complete taco perfection. Hands down the best I've had.
4	Same great food at cheap prices, and love the new location! Line is a little more chaotic and confused because its mostly tourists not used to the procedure (separate unmarked lines for the desired meat). They don't have chicken for some reason, but I always opt for beef and pork so no matter to me. Big issue with seating. The restaurant is half the size of the Charleston location, so there's only a few booths inside. There's a lot of booths outside, but it was raining and windy so we had to eat standing up w our trays on the trash can. The outside booths aren't covered, and someone obviously didn't think it thru - plastic and vinyl booths sitting in 100+ degree desert sun? Nobody will be able to sit there. Looks like they just opened, but they'll have to figure out a solution pretty soon (tent like at playgrounds?).
4	Came back hear again.  The tortilla sizes seemed smaller or same size as other taco restaurants like these =(, however, they still piled on the meats =).  Had the lengua taco, which was ok, and the adobada tacos, which were great like last time.  Next thing to try, adobada fries...
4	I've been searching for a new "go-to" taco place since Los Parados on W. Sahara closed a while back.  Their al pastor was one of the best things I've had in LV and seeing the Yelp pics of Tacos El Gordo's adobada on the spit posted had me salivating in front of my laptop.  Must. Go. ASAP!We ordered 4 adobada, 1 carne asada and 1 beef tongue.  We really liked everything except the tongue.  Maybe it was just our mood that day?  I was freaking starving so I was ready for more.  As soon as I'm about to speak to the guy manning the adobada, he grins and asks "How many more do you want?".  I'm sure this happens every 10 minutes there.I got 2 more adobada along with a brain taco.  The guy automatically perked up when I ordered brain.  The person in charge of the internal organ taco dept went to work digging out some to chop up and put in a corn tortilla.  They also assumed it was my first time trying it.  They assumed right!It wasn't bad although I didn't love it either.  It was like a beef pate with a lobstery taste to it.  Not ready to order another the next day but we're glad we tried one.     I might be in the minority of reviewers eating here while sober.  I definitely see how this place would be even better when you're loaded like a freight train at 5am.  Certainly look forward to when I am here in that condition.
5	Waited about 20 minutes before I was able to order my tacos. Got up to the front of the line and told the guy what I wanted. These guys are hustlers for real. They seem to enjoy doing what they do. Singing laughing cooking, etc. It was great seeing that. I was still buzzin from the night before so i couldnt wait to stuff my face with these tacos. Made right in front of you exactly how you want them. www.bomb.com!!!!!! Oh my lordy lordy lordy!!! Semi Greasy tortillas, lots of meat, the salsa is delicious. I ordered 5 tacos and in 5 seconds they where gone!!! Just great tacos over all. I just wanna use explamation points in this review because it makes me want to go back and eat more !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!woooooohhooo!!! Tacos el Godrizzy is for shiizzy.
4	First of all...this is what a taco is supposed to be like! LOVE tj style tacos! It was so yummy! However, since I grew up in San Diego, I do feel that the Tacos El Gordo in Diego is better, but for out of California?! This place is pretty spot on, satisfied my need for tacos...Spend your money here...it will taste better then some buffets (ahem Planet Hollywoods suck)My fave is the Carne asada and the hubbys was the pork.
4	I love meat on a stick!  The adobada tacos are so juicy and delicious.  Odd selection of sodas - they have fountain horchata and whips along with the normal Coke products.
4	Read so much reviews of this joint that i recommended it to a couple of my friends and received great feedback from them, and i was determined to try it out.  I'm a fan of King Tacos in LA, a 24hr taco joint with great lengua among other stuff, and had not found a comparison in Vegas.So i dropped by there last week and ordered a lengua, carne asada and of course the adobada tacos, chasing them all with an iced horchata.  Mucho delicioso is all i would say! Very entertaining as well to watch the guy carve up the adobada and dressing it up so colorful with pineapple, salsa and this creamy green sauce.  Do ask for the grilled jalapenos and green onions to bombify the tasty tacos! I have yet to try the very sinful looking carne asada fries, but since fries is my lil addiction i'll just bring a unsuspecting friend next time and get help trying the tasty treat.I'm definitely a fan and will bring my friends there to cure their late night alcohol induced cravings~
5	WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE??!?!I'm from a state where REAL tacos like this doesn't exist. Taco Bell?? SCREW THAT!!This place is amazing!! Cow tongue taco?? Spicy pork taco?? Cow stomach taco?? Regular beef taco?? AMAZZING!!! but don't try the cow brain taco....yeah..it's not that great. But all the other stuff, AAAMAAZING!!!!!!!!!And so cheap!! Only $2 per taco?? That's insane! I'm so excited thinking about this place, I wanna go back.I WILL GO BACK!!
5	Would definitely recommend family and friends to eat here..  tacos taste just like they do in Tj but with out the kiddnappings,shootings and long border lines.. lol..  the lines there are kinda confusing but pretty much theres 4 stations , each one serving you different meats of the tacos you want... Once you get the tacos .you head to the register and pay...  just thought id put that  cuz we were confused on what to do..
5	Great place! The tacos are authentic! The basics are covered (Steak, Beef, Prok) so anyone can go and enjoy a fantastic taco, but what adds to the experience is that there are more adventurous options available as well. For example tongue, head meat, and brain!  They are all worth trying.  Make sure you get a plate of veggies! You get grilled spicy peppers and onions that you just eat with your hands as you eat the tacos! If you live in vegas it is a must to try and if you are visiting it is well worth the 5 minute cab ride from the strip.
4	Taco-flavored kisses for Tacos El Gordo!Despite the number of time I've been to Vegas, I wouldn't consider myself a "Vegas person." I dunno, everything on the strip seems to run together after a while, and you can't really tell the difference between this place and that. Enter Tacos El Gordo! You have to walk a bit away from the action to get to it - just north of the Wynn and Encore, Tacos El Gordo is located in a weird little strip mall next to a souvenir shop. They have seating indoor and out.When I walked in, I was faced with a food station directly in front of me and a cashier to my right, horchata/bang/soda machine on the left. I was totally confused as to where to order and how to pay. It must have showed on my face because one of the guys behind the counter where the cooks were smiled and called to me. He took my order, barked it at the cooks and told me to wait there, then pay when I got my food. I was totally surprised at how cheerful all the employees where. Great customer service is definitely not something I seek out when I'm eating at hole in the walls, but every employee greeted me with a smile and was happy to serve me. When the cook handed over my food, he asked to make sure the order was right, gave me a big smile and told me to enjoy. I don't think we're in Kansas anymore.I had the carne asada fries, an asada taco, chicken quesadilla, and an a pork taco (I was sharing with a friend OKAY?). Everything was perfectly delicious. The carne asada fries were huge, enough to feed 2 to 3, possibly 4 people. The tacos come overflowing with meat, and the horchatas and bang juices are refillable. Woohoo! I felt like I struck gold with this place. And our whole bill was only $20. I think it was the least amount of money I had spent on a meal that satisfying in Vegas. If you're looking for some good, cheap Mexican food on the strip, drive or walk a little further, Tacos El Gordo is worth it.
5	Phenomenal! The Vegas location is just as good as the San Diego location, and the guy who took my order was terrific (so nice and happy that I knew about the SD location)! The adobada sopes are superbly delicious! The spices and sauces they use for their meat are different from every other Mexican restaurant that I've ever been to. It's pure deliciousness in each bite! Also, eating here won't hurt your wallet at all!That all being said, there is one thing I can't stand about Tacos El Gordo...and that's that there isn't one in Phoenix!! I woud be the first to jump on that ship if it ever set sail! Go eat here, people!!!To quote Tracy Jordan from 30 Rock...I want to take Tacos El Gordo behind the middle school and get it pregnant.
4	youre in vegas, youre all party'ed out, and now you need to stuff some food down your gullet.  some real food.  not the foo foo over priced hotel cafe grub that everyone too drunk to venture decides to go to after a night of clubbing.as long as youve got a DD, cab, or can walk to this place, youre solid.  tacos taste pretty damn authentic and to the adventurous foodies bold enough to consume the awful parts, they have it here too.good spot, not too far from the strip, decent food.  the spot may be a little suspect late at night, with all the characters out and about on the streets, but i have no problem with it
5	today i went on a food tour around town ...  and i first went to a Shanghai restaurant and this place is the second spot i stop in .... gotta tell ya it was just so good ...i ordered a cow brain taco, a pig stomach tacos and one carne asada taco .... the cow brain i dont really recommend it ,wish they coulda doing somethings better with the brain other than just boil it .... but the pig stomach and the carne asada was so good with grilled scallion and fried jalapeno and their salsa ....
4	We ate the lingua, tripas, carne asada, adobada, and chorizo tacos.  All were delicious, but the Lingua was my favorite.  Prices are very reasonable, and service is quick.  Also doesn't hurt that the place is super clean.  I will return!
5	A lot of people often wonder where to get authentic mexican food. This is total dive where you can find just that. I haven't tacos this authentic other than in mexico. They were really fantastic.The location is in a strip mall in one of the "dodgier" sections of vegas. There was lots of families eating there, so i felt safe. However, I did feel like I had to order all my food in spanish, because everyone there spoke spanish! Unfortunately at the time, I was getting my spanish and german confused.... so that was difficult.I got two adobada tacos and two asada tacos. I also got a can of fanta. It was about $10 for all this food. It was all incredibly delicious. Someone had commented that it tasted packaged- well, all guacamole consists of is mashed avocados with some other stuff like peppers and garlic, so most guacamole is pretty much the same.I definitely preferred the adobada tacos. I felt like they were more flavorful. Plus, the first thing you see when you walk in is a thousand layers of pork, on a spit. It sort of calls out to you ; ) Oh, and I"m pretty sure their tortillas are homemade. no store bought stale tortillas here : )really delicious, very authentic, I think most people will enjoy this place, unless you're used to your mexican food being somewhat fancier and covered in cheese and sauces. If you don't like authentic mexican fare, then i'd skip this place. Also, I stopped by on a saturday afternoon and it was quite crowded. I'm lucky to have found a table. That may be something to watch out for though.
3	I really didn't think their would be much of a difference between the two locations, but the Charleston location trumps the LV BLVD location bad.Down to the payment station, this shop just doesn't do the El Gordo name justice.I do like the area of this one more, but the food was just not the same in my opinion.I ordered the usually Carne Asada fries and the Adobada tacos.Maybe I came on a bad day, but the steak wasn't cooked how I like and still being a bit pink.Having carne asada fries means the steak is grilled in my opinion.I don't mind a little pink in my steak, but this was disappointing. Also the sauces or salsas aren't made easily attainable so don't forget to ask.
5	We ended up here late at night after partying from a tip we got from our cabdriver from the night before.  I'm not sure how he ended up telling us about this place, but I am SO happy he did. It's not far from the main part of the strip, just a few minutes past the Wynn in this janky strip mall area, but you can't miss it since there is a big sign at the front of the building.  You walk in and order right from the guy making your taco/burrito/nachos/fries/meat, and you can watch them making everything fresh.  I was especially excited that they were pressing and cooking their own tortillas on the grill right in front of me.  The way they cook their meat reminded me of a churrascaria, including the pineapple heads on the ends.  You could see the juice dripping allllll the way down the meat as it cooked on the spit...oh man. *drool*We had just 1 carne asada fries to share between 3 girls and 1 carne asada taco to try.  This was more than enough food for us for our late night cravings.Forget the crap fast food places on the strip after drinking.  If you want legit Mexican food late at night after partying hard in Vegas, do yourself a favor and grab a cab and tell them to get you to this tacqueria.
4	I stopped here with two people on my way out of town. Cheap tacos and horchata - any decent combo of these two automatically starts at three stars for me. In this case, the extra star is for its location. The adobada tacos were pretty awesome. I thought they'd be a little more tender, but the sauce was fantastic and there was a perfect amount of spice. The carne asada tacos were good too, but the adobada were better in my opinion.  And unlimited horchata refills for a little over $1.50? Yes please! I was really looking forward to the grilled green onions, but they looked and tasted more like they were steamed. I know they were grilled though, since I saw them sitting in a pile on the grill. It was just overcrowded so most of the onions didn't get much contact with the grill. I like when they have a little bit of char on them. Overall, it was a great stop right on The Strip.
4	The spicy pork taco was the BOMB DIGGITY YO for real!! The Carne Asada is also yummy, one of the better ones we have had.  We were pretty lost on the line/ordering process, and might have cut a few people shuffling around to get our tacos, but they churn them out so fast, no one got too screwed over by our newbee butts.  The grilled peppers are great along side the tacos.  My only complaint is that the guy doing the pork tacos didn't help explain where we needed to order the rest, so we kept asking for our carne asada from him... basically he helped us look even more silly :)
5	BEST TACOS I'VE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!!!! SERIOUSLY! This place is amazing and cheap as hell! I went to friends wedding a few weeks ago and ate here four times in two days! The service is fast and friendly, bring your Spanglish skills though. At $2.00 per taco, how can you lose? I tried the Cabeza (face), Beef Shoulder and the Tripa (tripe). I made sure I was good and drunk first though as I've never eaten tripe before. It wasn't that bad at all though. This place is authentic as it gets. and the have cactus for the vegetarians as well. I highly recommend this place for those eating on a budget. It's in between the Riviera Hotel and The Encore.
5	I came to Vegas in a funk--  I was moody, irritable, high maintenance, stressed out, and basically being the breeziest b I could possibly be to my boyfriend and friends.  To add the topping to my cake of misery, we had to check out of the Palms after 2 hours of sleep, and move to....   CIRCUS CIRCUS.  I considered myself victim of the worst decision made by my group-mates trying to save some money.  For those of you who are unfamiliar with Circus Circus... It is a "family" establishment to bring your children and let them run rampant and screaming without supervision in a dingy, low-ceilinged, un-ventilated horror of plastic clowns that haven't been cleaned since they were installed.  If there was a space capacity, there must be some sort of fire ordinance because you are unable to walk through the lobbies without dodging families who have too many children to keep track of, underage girls who are trying to grow up too quickly, and vendors who are trying to sell you belts and accessories made in Vietnam.  2nd hand smoke and dirty money was my perfume of the day.So maybe you can understand my frustration about my predicament.  So when I yelped a nearby place to escape to, I settled on Tacos El Gordo.  This placed changed my entire perspective on the trip.ADOBADA  ALL DAY ERR' DAYHoly-- I got Adobada Tacos, Adobada Quesadilla, and ordered some Carne Asada fries for the table. The staff runs a jovial assembly line, where you order your items and they each take an assignment.  It comes with grilled veggies (especially the green onions) which were so bomb I was eating them long after my stomach was maxxed out.The tacos had it RIGHT.  Perfect blend of all textures-- meat was savory, vegetables crisp, and tortilla fresh.  Quesadilla followed suit, and then topped off with my fries.  Best carne fries I have ever had.  Price was way too fair!  I tipped them 5 dollars in the jar because I was so impressed with everything.The workers were experiencing a mid-day lull in traffic, and each of them began cleaning everything-- I saw one of the ladies even get on a ladder and clean the ceiling. They were jamming out on their radio music, and singing loudly.  I loved the warmth!I walked out feeling like this trip could be good!  Staying at awful Circus Circus brought me within walking distance to this place, and I was instilled with hope.  If you are in town, you HAVE to go here.
4	Im an originary of TJ and I must say...Vegas is the shiz nit, however, havin' a lil' piece of TJ made it a tad bit better this last time around...Tacos El Gordo has been in Vegas for roughly half a year now.  I dont know how they hadn't thought about settleling in Vegas before, given such a large Mexican population, but I'm glad they did now.I was thrilled to have some good old fashion Tijuana street tacos after a long nite of drinking and dancing :D  However, the carne asada fries took me by surprise and made my night even better than it had originally been.I definately plan on coming back to this establishment when I come back to visit.
5	It's nice to see an El Gordo on the Strip!  If I get a little too drinky, I can just take a taxi or the Duece to the north end o' the Strip.  As a tourista, I just feel a bit safer here than at the Gordo on Charleston.I was at Tacos El Gordo on a Saturday afternoon and decided to strap on the feed bag:  one adobada taco, one cabeza taco, and a small order of carne asada fries.Sadly(?), something got lost in translation between the beef guy and the fries guy and I received a grande order of carne asada fries.  Yikes.  They only charged me for a small order, but still...I devoured the tacos and made a pretty good dent in the carne asada fries.  Couldn't stop eating them, even though I knew I should.  Had to nap up for a couple of hours after getting back to the hotel due to a carne asada-induced coma.Lost a couple of hours of gambling time, but I won't hold it against Tacos El Gordo.  Everyone is very friendly, even to a gringo gordo such as myself.Five stars.
4	Good tacos here, I had the steak tacos with everything on them. It came out to about $2 a taco, but they are more authentic tasting then alot of shops out there. They are also opened 24 hours a day on the strip by the Wynn
5	Had four meals here in three days. 2 dollars a taco. These seem authentic. Each order comes with a plate with hot peppers and green onion. Really notches up the spice. Limes and horseradish sides by the pop and straws. My favorites were the steak and spicy pork. Beef shoulder wasn't nearly as good...a little more dry.Each comes with guac, usually a condiment specific to the taco you get, onion, cilantro. If you want to really treat yourself, arrive when they open at 1030 AM and get the steak fresh to order. Great to have an alternative to the over-priced/under-valued food options on the strip.Highly recommend!
5	This is the place late night stop on the Strip. The prices are low 2 dollars per taco and 4 dollars for the specialty items such as the mulas (amazing) and the vampiro. I highly recommend the spicy pork which the cut off of the skewer right in front of you as you order.I asked the person preparing the food what makes these tacos authentic? his answer "no sour cream and The Sauce"  and he was right about the sauce it took the taco to a whole other level.You must try it #foodcrew
5	This place is in my TOP 5 of all time restaurants!!!I had the Spicy Pork sopas and that was on of the best foods I had ever eaten. I had 2 sopas, the beef tongue tacos and carne asada taco. If you are on the strip and want an explosion of flavorful food, this is definately the place to come. The spicy pork name comes from the spices that it is marinated in rather than a hot spicy marinate. I will be back whenever I come to town.
5	There are SO many restaurants to chose from on or near the Las Vegas strip, but none will give you as much ethnic dining authenticity- especially at a good value- as Tacos El Gordo!  Just like Abuelita used to make!  The only problem with this place is that they don't serve beer.  Anywhere else in the world, this would cost a taco shop a star in my book, but in Vegas, it's almost a welcome break!  No need to repeat what others have said in detail: it's clean, it's friendly, it's fast, it's relatively inexpensive, and it's delicious!
5	Quite possibly the best tacos in the world.  Of course it was 3 am, and everything tastes good then.  the $4 for 2 tacos were more satisfying than the $60 meal I had six hours earlier
5	Cheap.Friendly.Delicious.Period!
5	YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY, I got love in my tummy!  This place rocks! I have to say, we almost skipped over this place, it just sort of gave me the eh, who cares vibe. Boy am I glad we tried it anyway! The prices are good and the food is awesome, plus these guys were open in the wee hours of the morning. SMART. I will be back!
4	I am a fan! This place delivers on pretty much everything they promise. The people are friendly, the food is delicious and they are open late! The spicy pork is my favorite! They would be getting 5 stars from me but there are times my order is wrong. I go out of my way to repeat my order a few times to ensure accuracy..
5	Best tacos ever. Period. The manager or owner was very welcoming. He gave us free samples of all the different meats. I was very pleasantly surprised by the pork stomach and the cow tongue. The spicy pork tacos are a must. They are cooked on a rotisserie like a gyro yummy
4	Really good tacos on the strip rignt next to Encore Resort.$ 2.00 Tacosexcellent asada and spicy tacos and tripe is fried. really good tripe if you never had one.3 different lines that you order first then pay at the cashier.line for asada ( make sure you ask for grilled chili and onions)line for pork and last line for tripe or stomach.very friendly staff. only wish is they could be more generous on guacamole.
5	Freakin awesome food and great prices, stopped by while walking down the strip, pleasantly surprised by awesome food and good prices
4	Initially this place was recommended to me by my cab driver, he said it was the best Mexican food he has ever had. I wasn't looking for anything too crazy just something fill my appetite . I had no crazy expectations for a Mexican restaurant on the strip. i was made a fan after my first bite. this humble little place packed a flavorful punch! the portions were big enough to share and the price was very reasonable. they even had their own hot sauce which i added to everything. all in all great food and friendly service.I recommend: Asada fries & a Sope!
5	I used to not be a fan of Mexican food but living in Vegas it's hard not to. My friends and I came in craving tacos, and boy we went to the right place. Ordering was a bit confusing though because you order different things from different "stations." The grilled stuff, like carne asada, you should order on the far left and the adobada line is where the giant pork leg is being shaved off, and anything else is on the other side adjacent to it. I was very lost the first time I went there. I got lengua, carne asada and pork adobada tacos for $2 each. They include (or you can ask for) the grilled green onions and chili's, which are freakin' awesome! The service was fast and very friendly. They help out those who are obviously having a hard time ordering (like moi). I know they have other stuff on the menu aside from tacos, but I don't pay much attention since their tacos are the main attraction. I guess I'll try their carne asada fries next time.This place is open late, until 5am on Fri & Sat. That's why after clubbing, my friends and I go straight to this place and get our late night (early morning?) grub on.
5	The best Mexican food we have had outside of Cabo.  And very reasonable prices.  The best meal we had in Vegas.
4	Cheap. Delicious. Tacos. Need I say more? Yes? Ok....you need to get the carne asada first. A delicious marinated steak taco covered with guacamole, salsa, and onions for 2 bucks filled with all the yummy grilled flavor you want from a steak. Or get the lingua taco. The most tender meat you'll get in a taco form. Don't tell your friends what it is (beef tongue) and they won't know the difference! Or get the tripe taco. They must char the meat before they put it on the tortilla because the tender meat had crispy bits of yummy on it. That's my favorite part. I got those three tacos and a water for less than 9 bucks...a huge deal considering I'm eating on the strip!
5	Bomb.com!! After a great concert my hunger was high, and a yelp search happen to come across a taco spot on the strip that seemed letigimate and authentic.....  Grab a taxi and request Tacos El Gordo. Right at the tip end of the strip on this strip mall location (across from a walgreens) we reached our destination I open the door and the whiff Mexico tacos! You know the ones you would smell when you'd go across the border before all the violence?! Yes! Those! The BF and I ordered:      -a carne asada Mulita (it's like two tortilla's with melted cheese, guacamole, steak pieces, cilantro, onions, hot sauce)     -Two carne asada tacos (beef steak tacos)     -Two lengua tacos (tongue): super good, just the way lengua should be, be cautious of the green hot sauce which is flavorful but spicy!      -El Vampiro (this was similar to the "mulita" but the tortilla crispy/burnt like and I don't think it had melted cheese)The tortillas are freshly made so the taste is delicious. Warm, not tough, soft tortillas.... Also note the tortillas are small.It is very small on the inside but have more seating available on the outside. You come out with a happy filled belly and your long locks smelling like tacos.... Oh yeah and its extremely affordable. Hidden gem on the strip of Vegas when in search of good cheap food! I will definetely be coming back!
5	I've never tried tacos at an authentic place and I loved it! I would definitely come here again if I come to Vegas again. My favorite was the beef, but I loved the beef tongue as well. Try the spicy pork too! And the $10 fries are huge. They could definitely feed 3 people.
5	This place has awesome asada tacos. They are filled with avacado and salsa. This restaurant stays open till 3am on weekdays and 5am on Friday and Saturday night making it the best after-party stop.This has become my favorite taco place in vegas. The carne asada tacos are awesome. I stopped there for lunch and later after going to a club stop there for dinner. this place is a great place to stop after a long night . it's open till 5 o'clock in the morning on friday and saturday nights and 3 o'clock in the morning on other nights of the week. my only complaint is the meat later on at night is fatty.
4	Great food great service needs more of a selection I think but overall if your in Vegas defiantly try it
5	What's the formula for good, low cost tacos in Vegas? Start with fresh-made tortillas and a variety of meats from carnitas to steak, add in a super friendly staff with plenty of smiles and suggestions, top it off with a sparkling clean visible kitchen filled with mexican music from a jukebox and you have a big winner. The al pastor with a mild avacado based salsa and a thin slice of roasted pineapple is just like being in Mexico City.  Inexpensive and good - a rare combo in Las Vegas (especially at the CES convention week).
4	Very good carne asada and soft flavorful tortilla.  The green salsa was mild, but good. Al pastor tacos were great. The fries and free refills were nice.  Parking was easy right on the strip.
4	This taco spot is legit especially in the heart of Las Vegas.  I can't believe I never seen this place, maybe because I'm always stuck at Palazzo gambling.  I do recommend there Spicy pork tacos.  They even have hardcore security guards on busy days to keep the business running.  They were nice though.  There are separate lines for what type of meat you want.  And I know the Spicy pork line is always the longest.  Tacos are 2 bucks and carne asada fries are 10 bucks.  I had 4 tacos and I was satisfied.
4	Grat tacos nice enviroment, lots of people come here right after spending lots of money at high end night clubs such as XS
4	Man if you like tacos or Mexican food you should definetly hit this place up!!! The meat is super tender and well seasoned and the prices are very affordable, great for people on a budget in Vegas. The service was good and fast, there was a bit of a line when we showed up but they served us fairly quickly! The overall quality of the food was excellent! Only thing we didn't like was the fact that they charge the same for a flour mula as they do a corn mula ( the corn one is twice as small) and the lay out of the restaurant. Other than that it was awesome!!!
5	Look at all the 4 and 5 star reviews! need I say more? ok.....: I had to travel to Cali to get decent Mexican food in my belly, after living here for 10 yrs I discovered this place with help of a friend and OMG! THIS IS HANDS DOWN THE BEST TACOS IN LAS VEGAS! take it from a Mexican...I know! .....why are you still reading? go get some tacos! now!
4	Expect a long wait, especially during peak hours (.. in Vegas, I'm not sure what times that would be but we were in it).The flavors were unique, the staff were authentic, and the juices were amazing.The carne asada fries, or any fries, were gigantic and they do not skimp out on any ingredients.  The tacos, while definitely tasty, are small.  My brother, who doesn't eat too much, ordered 4 and even then I question his satiety.They hand make the corn tortillas in front of you, carve the meat from huge skewers for each taco, and you can customize it however you like.  They offer unique ingredients like shoulder and others.  A side dish of grilled peppers and onions are provided for every order as well.  I only wish they offered salsas because I absolutely love salsas.Definitely an excellent stop for a Vegas trip, especially if you're tired of buffets and McDonald's.  The quality for the price is unbeatable.
5	When you're in Vegas !! Must Try Tacos el Gordo!The BEST Mexican Food ever!! Everything Fresh & made to Order: tacos, quesadillas, vampiros, etc.Cheap Eats $2 Tacos $4 Quesadillas/VampirosNext time I'm in Town~  I will Definitely  Eat Here Again!
5	Best value in Las Vegas.
5	Awesome tacos! The steak and spicy pork are the bomb! Tried the Mexican candies, similar to the Chinese candied fruits. Really sweet but good. Restaurant is kept real clean even the tables outside. The bathroom is spotless!
4	Go here. Seriously.As soon as I arrived in Vegas, I yelped "tacos", just because I always look for good taquerias, everywhere I go. Tacos El Gordo popped up, and it definitely delivered on its online promise.I tried a few types of tacos, but the best were the tacos adobado. This is marinated spicy pork on a spit, shaved directly onto your fresh tortilla. They're not tacos al pastor -- the pineapple on top of the spit doesn't seem to get onto any of the tacos -- but are very, very tasty.I was disappointed by the carne asada tacos, and wouldn't waste my time with them again. This place also offers an awesome selection of nasty bits: tripe, stomach, intestine, brain, cheek. They're not great for you, but they taste good. When you order, you can get roasted peppers and onions for free, too.The only downside is that the tacos are relatively expensive for their size. They're authentic taqueria tacos, but seemed a bit steep at $2 each. For the Las Vegas strip, though, it seemed like an incredible steal.Whether you're just visiting or live nearby, Tacos El Gordo is worth a visit.
4	I love the food here, I was in town for new years and ate here on 3 separate occasions. I'm a fan of the original one in Tijuana so I was thrilled to see that Vegas had one also, and they did not disappoint the food was exactly as I remembered it. I gave them four stars only because of the extensive wait times which may have been because of the holiday but that clearly didn't stop me from going back multiple times over 3 days.
5	Pure delicious awesomeness. Where else can you get cow tongue, brain, and head tacos? Don't worry, they also have excellent (normal) beef and pork options. Very nice people too. When I was told that they don't have tamales, a sweet employee even gave me one of hers that she brings in for her fellow coworkers. Skip the overpriced casino eateries and grab a couple of tacos for just $2 each (and you might even get a free tamale).
4	Awesome! Delicious, cheap, easy food when you're having a late night on The Strip.
5	This is by far my favorite taco shop in the states, and that is probably because my all time favorite is the Tacos El Gordo in Tijuana. For some authentic & delicious tacos this place is a must, plus you can't beat the prices for the amount of food you get. I was in Vegas for 48hrs and literally managed to eat here on 3 separate occasions, and I plan for next trip to have a layover in Vegas just so I can stop thru and get my fix.
5	DAMN, this place is good!
3	I live in Los Angeles so there is an abundance of restaurants to get tacos so I have pretty high expectations.  I went to Tacos El Gordo as a spontaneous trip and it happened to be on a Saturday night.  It was very busy and the lines were long.  The wait wasn't too bad but there were 3 separate lines (different meat in each line) which isn't clear at all until the cooks yell it out.  So you could be in the front of the line and find out at the last minute that you are in the wrong line.  I had to constantly deal with other customers pushing through the lines to get to the soda machines.  Other than those things, the food was good but definitely try different meats.  I have gone twice and once I made the mistake of ordering 3 different items but with the same meat so everything tasted the same.  The menu isn't big but items are made to order and the tortillas are homemade.  All employees were working hard and I didn't notice any with attitudes.
5	Adobado.  That's the only word you need to remember.After a loooong night at XS,  we were too hungry to even think about sleep.  Generally, we'd hit up Earl's, Grand Lux, Ellis Island, or any other 24/7 places around the strip.  This time around, a friend from UNLV told us we gotta try this tacos place out.  There was no way I could've refused since tacos are one of my favorites and we figured... gotta trust the locals!After a short drive, and it really is a short drive from Wynn properties, we were there and it was still packed at 5am.  Two lines, one for adobado and one for everything else.  The reason there's a line for the adobado is that the spicy pork is cooked on a vertical rotating spit, just like how it would be in Mexico!  The pork is shaved directly onto fresh warm tortilla, then they add all the toppings for the tacos: lime green cream sauce, salsa, onions & cilantro.The spicy pork has a ton of flavor and the cream sauce just works so well with the salsa and the pork.  Oh!  Also, if you look closely you'll see a chunk of pineapple at the top of the vertical spit.  You can actually request to have pina in your taco!  Definitely wouldn't have known if it wasn't for our friend and that sweet warm pineapple in the taco was definitely what makes this taco one of the best I've ever had! We also shared some carne asada fries.  I've lived in San Diego for a few years and I have yet to find carne asada fries comparable to the ones I've had in SD.  Tacos El Gordo's fries do come close though!  Fries are covered with carne asada, shredded cheese, and the same lime green sauce with a few dollops of guac!  Heavy, yes, but very much needed after 6+ hours at XS :PSo glad my first Mexican food experience in Vegas was such a legit one.  El Gordo is now a must.  Affordable and tasty, can't get better than that!
5	When I woke up today, I was hungry and craving tacos from Tacos El Gordo. It makes me seem like a super fatty, but I don't care. Damn, these are good tacos. Admittedly, I had them for the first time, exactly 13 hours ago. I fell in love with these tacos. Hard and quick. I'm pretty sure I fell in love with it even before I ate. Probably fell in love when I got our of my car, and could already smell the food. The adobada tacos were amazing. We also ordered the carne asada fries, bu half carne asada & half adobada. The carne asada had good flavor, but was burnt. I don't know if I would order the carne asada again. The line on the right is to order pork, the line on the left is to order everything else. I'm not a big fan of corn tortillas, but Tacos El Gordo has changed my mind about it. Definitely get the pineapple on your tacos. I'm not a big fan of fruit on my food, but i just adds another great element to these tacos. It also has this green sauce on it, of which I am not sure what it is, but it's good. Each taco has plenty of meat, so be prepared to get full. Just a tip - grab plenty of napkins. As good as the tacos are, it gets very messy when you eat them. Plenty of oil and sauce will be dripping down your hand, and probably down your arm as well - so be sure to roll up your sleeves.
5	This is the best Mexican food I have ever tasted. I know that's not saying much at all since I hail from NYC, but bear with me.The tacos run you 2 dollars and are stuffed with meat, guacamole, salsas, onions, cilantro, and so much ugh. I ate about 6 - tongue, beef head, spicy pork, tripe (THE BEST!), carne asada, beef shoulder. They were all good, except maybe the beef shoulder because it reminded me too much of my homestyle Russian food. The tripe was the star though, with the intestines fried to a crunchy yet still a bit chewy perfection. In addition to the tacos, I also tried a carne asada quesadilla. My only knowledge of quesadillas being those flattened, depressing (yet still delicious) things in Taco Bell, I was mindblown. Everything had such a great flavor and texture.They serve grilled peppers and scallions on the side for free, which have a great flavor. Also on the side for you to grab at your leisure are radishes and lime pieces. Mexican fountain sodas are also available but I didn't like any of the flavors, and was upset that they didn't have Jarritos.Next time I come back to Vegas, I'm definitely eating here again, and saying hi to my Mexican bro with whom I conversed in my rudimentary Spanish.
5	What a treat to find good Mexican food on the Las Vegas strip. I tried it the other night and it was just like the good stuff you find on the taco trucks in Californica (ha ha). These are the authentic little 2 to 3 bite size tacos that has that flavor that keeps you coming back for more. Prices are insane for what it is and that is another reason I will be back. Good food, good price, decent little hangout for late night dining. Try it out Amigos!
3	Let me say that i thought the Adobada tacos are very good, but the Asada tacos are a disappointment and so are the carne asada fries.   And come on $2 for ea taco and $10 for the fries is a little tooo much. I've had better for way less.  I don't think i'll come back for a while...
5	We went here twice on our trip to Las Vegas.  We were staying at the Trump Hotel, so this place was within a very short walking distance and the price and quality of food was great!  Highly recommend the Adobado Tacos and the Adobado Nachos as well.  Extremely cheap for where it's located.
5	Visiting Vegas and found Tacos El Gordo on Yelp. So happy that I did! Huge 2 dollar tacos, quesadillas and fries, (no burritos), your choice of cow head, tongue, brain, tripe, steak, or spicy pork. I'm not an expert on Mexican food but I've eaten my share- this is pretty authentic, huge portions, super cheap, and most important: incredibly delicious! They also sell Mexican soda flavors like Horchata. Ended up going back again and again. This will be a stop whenever I'm in Vegas from now on.
5	In the town of overpriced bland food, this place breaks both molds.  All the reviews for ABODABO are for good reason.  Watch the guy shave it off with a machete as juices drip off the pole-o-meat.  I also got a lengua taco and an asada taco... Both solid a d tasty. The salsas remind me of homemade salsas I've had from old Mexican women... Fresh and full of flavor.  And the tortillas are made right in front of you.  Just go already!
5	BEST Mexican taco shop I've ever been to!!! The staff is extremely friendly and generous! They pretty much remember you after the first time you visit. We went there almost every day when we visited for a week. Perfect for lunch on your way to the strip.... or on your way home at 3am (hangover prevention). :) The carne asada tacos are out-of-this-world! Flavorful beef, guacamole, onions and cilantro on their homemade corn tortillas. The quesadilla is also amazing!! Tried both in a corn torilla and flour tortilla - both equally delish! They also serve roasted peppers and green onions as a side with your taco or quesadilla. Not sure what to do with those but just ate it separately... they are soaked in butter and good! :)Dont bother with fancy restaurants on the strip... try this place!!! :)
4	If Taco Bell or Acapulco is your idea of authentic Mexican food, than this place is not for you. However, if you have actually eaten off the numerous and delicious carts that line the cities of Baja, then this is your place. Enjoy!
5	SPICY PORK TACOS!!!Great street tacos, $2 a piece.
5	These tacos are fierce! make sure you get al pastor tacos with todo! they still dont beat the tacos my Abuelita makes! boo yah!
5	Spicy tacos were fantastic. Carne Asada tacos were great too. Cheap eats and great quality.  The staff was great.  Quick in and out.
5	Best tacos in all of Vegas! And the carne asada french fries are to die for, easily serves 3 people.
4	If you are craving for good taco truck quality taco? This is a place to go. It's open 24hour, normally crowded, parking convenient, and condiments are always available. Absolutely must-try taco place on las Vegas blvd!
5	I was sooo excited when I found out they had Tacos El Gordo in Vegas and not just San Diego.  Needless to say I stuffed my face and left with a happy fat belly. Come here if you're craving TJ tacos minus the chorro.
5	We were staying at the Encore and we were on our way to Kim Chi right around the corner and were intrigued by this restaurant so we decided to pass on $28 per plate korean bbq and had us some tacos and carne asada nacho style fries.  This place did not disappoint at all Yes I agree the set up is a bit confusing but everybody was super nice, there is hardly any seating and it's always packed so take it to go.  I got the usual carne asada and I also had the al pastor.  I cant wait to go back to Vegas
4	As usual, I'm a fan of Tacos El Gordo.  This location is a bit smaller than the Charleston location.  Also, the parking is kind of a pain and in a shady shopping center complex.  Even so, it's a great spot for Mexican food and they're open late.There's two lines to order, one for asada and one for the other meats, like adobada.  Make sure you get in the right line.  If you're unsure, ask the cashier to the right upon entry.  Don't forget to ask for the grilled green onions (cebollitas) and yellow peppers (chile gueritos) with your tacos to have an authentic Tijuana experience.
5	Amazing spicy pork and carne asada tacos!
5	Best tacos!
5	Craving TJ style tacos at 4 AM while on the Vegas strip?  This is the place to be for your taco craving in the City of Sin.  Finally, I found a place in Vegas who serves street tacos and is open after a night of drunken bliss.  We stumbled into there about 4 AM and saw the line pouring outside the door on a Saturday night/Sunday morning.  A crowd mainly comprised of Latin descent and a good mixture of other cultures was a clear indication that this was the place to be for authentic street tacos.  READ THIS PORTION CAREFULLY!!!!!Okay so when you make your approach to the restaurant you need to determine what kind of tacos you want.  From what I remember (I was pretty inebriated), there were three UNIDENTIFIED lines.  Starting from the left as you face the kitchen, line #1 consisted of the carne asada line.  You tell your order to the taco chef but be aware that the designated lines represent the specific type of meat you want on your food.  Line #2 is the adobada line, and #3 is the tripas and cabeza line.  There were other types of meats but I can't remember which line you can get them at.So if you are a taco eating machine like myself, you want to try all the meats strictly for the purposes of providing fellow yelpers a true, well educated opinion on the good and the bad of services provided to the general public, more specifically an educated opinion from me regarding street tacos.  Not to nurse your future hangover in Vegas, because hangovers NEVER happen in the City of Sin.  Unless you only want one type of meat on your tacos, be sure to tacticallly plan your approach to the taco masters and be sure you are in the right line.  Unfortunately we learned the hard way and did not split our resources to different lines.  We ordered the asada tacos and had to fall in the tripas line to score my tripas, cabeza, and adobada  taco fix.  I wasn't  going to fall in the herrendous adobada line, so I worked smarter not harder and had someone much better looking than me who wore heels and had bigger and better goods for these taco guys to look at than my taco eating mug place the adobada taco order even though she was in the tripas line.  Apparently it worked because we scored what we wanted.  Till next time Tacos El Gordo.....We shall meet again and hopefully I won't have to resort to the egotistical motto that women always get what they want and how men use them.
5	Doesn't get any better, only different.  Vampiros are the bomb!
5	I am from Los Angeles, home of Mexican food restaurant heaven.  And I love tacos.  These are BY FAR the BEST tacos I have ever had.  THE BEST.  The Mulas are also amazing.  The tacos azteca are OUT OF THIS WORLD.  Fresh handmade corn tortillas and they are generous with the toppings.  I can't recommend this place enough.  They are open late and worth that late night cab ride over to have a perfect snack or really anytime of day if you are looking for great authentic Mexican tacos.  Seriously, I dream about this place and count my days anytime I'm going to Vegas just so I can go here!
5	Wow... Freakin wow... These are hands down THE best tacos I've ever had. They have this huge rack of meat cooking and when they scrape off pieces for your taco I could see all the juices ooze out of it in slow motion! It was soo beautiful, gracefull, even magical... The way the natural juices glimmered and sparkled from the ceiling lights. It was love at first sight, I had dreams about that for nights to come.The tacos are best enjoyed with some lime and salsa (green and red) with some of the thicker guacamole they have. Be warned that it will get messy as the tacos deliciousness will drip all over the place.Honestly I would return to Vegas just for these tacos alone! Trick the nightclubs, the shows, the strip clubs, it's all about these tacos right here...
4	I would take this place over any other Mexican place on the strip (we had a gross experience at El Segundo 2 days prior). Really great tacos, service, and price to match. Love the spicy pork taco. We eat a lot of great Mexican Food in Atlanta and I would definitely recommend to anyone going to Vegas.
5	Legit, no frills, delicious tacos.  All for $2 each.  Need I say more?
5	I am not one for organ meat at all.  Then again I never had Tacos El Gordo.  After years saying I would not try cow brains, i gave in because I found someone who actually sold it and I finally had my chance.  Holy smokes, it was weirdly delicious because it was delicious but it was still brains.  After being blown away, I tried the other meats, like tripas (I hate tripas) and loved it.  I recommend the mulas.  Get the mulas, get the mulas.
5	Very good carne asada tacos. I went on may 5th to  celabrate the  Mexican holiday. The whole 2 line thing is a little weird,but the staff was very helpful. I can't wait to go back and try the spicy pork tacos.***update-I went back a few days later and tried the spicy pork tacos .They were awesome I can't stop thinking about them. I could eat them all day every day .I have a new addiction and my body craves them.
5	WOW. WOW. WOW. I frequent the actual original location in TJ and this place has a bigger menu and OMG it is even better than TJ! Salsa is delicious, juicy limes, quesadillas and mulitas de al pastor is the ONLY way to go. I also tasted the carne asada which was flavorful and juicy, the chorizo was GROSS. I had much better chorizo from the TJ location for sure. $2 for tacos, $4 for mulitas and quesadillas and $10 for carne asada fries that feed an army of 5 or  a few very drunk people. I think that Tacos Mexico down the street will go out of business any day now since this place came into town.
5	WOW! This place was absolutely amazing the spicy pork tacos were great.  I highly recommend the sopes with the spicy pork or carne asada they were unbelievable with the cooked onions and the jalapeno peppers, definitely the best mexican taco joint i've ever been to.
5	If I knew I had one day left to live in Las Vegas, I would do a lots of things.  One of these things would be to walk up to the carnitas that's slowly cooking at Tacos El Gordo and take a big bite out of it.  I imagine the workers would tried to restrain me, and as this is happening, I would attempt a second bite out of the pineapple on top.  This is a hidden gem on the strip (maybe not so hidden since there are so many reviews??)  I came here in the middle of the day on Wednesday and had 5 tacos.  2 Carnitas (of course), 2 Carne asada, and a chorizo (this is great, I feel like it goes unnoticed amongst other things).  I also ordered the nopales (cactus).  I think vegetarians would really appreciate this dish.  They serve the tacos with grilled green onions.  Parking was easy but it was a random hour.  I can't imagine what happens to this place on a weekend night.Good job Tacos El Gordo.  You have a funny name (translates to Tacos The Fat).  But I will return regardless of your silly name.  Adios muchachos!!!
5	Tacos El Gordo is one of the only establishments to sell the meat that I have oh so adored ever since my trip to Rosarito that I loved and will never forget. And that saying a lot since I was sent to the drunk tank that very same day (not my fault, drunk person grabbed me and dominoe effect, voila!).Anyways, al pastor...spicy porn rotisserie style greatest mexican meat ever. They have the perfect blend of herbs, sauces (some type of creamy guacomole), meat, and double tortilla which they heat up first. Tacos are 2 bucks but so worth it, I always get four. Right after the taco joint across the street from Papa's and Beer's, Tacos El Gordo is my second favorite taco. They have other interesting meats too like intestines if you are feeling adventurous. However, don't get the vegetarian quesidillas...my friend happens to be a vegetarian and they charged him full price for a meat quesidilla when there was only cheese....Sort of hard to find, go down Las Vegas Blvd past Encore and you will see it on your right if you are heading towards Circus Circus. Great place to stop by after XS, just make sure that they are open before you walk there...as you can see I have made this mistake before.
5	Stopped here for lunch following a morning of training near the strip.  I had read the reviews on this place for a while and always had wanted to try it.  People, listen, if you want good Mexican street tacos, come to this place.  Had two al pastor tacos and one carne asada.  They were awesome!  A bit on the small side, like mexican street fare, but at two bucks a taco, you can get filled for ten bucks.  Good luck trying to find a deal like that anywhere else on the strip that isn't commercial fast food.  next time, and yes there will be a next time, I'm going to grab some asada fries, because these other yelpers keep going on and on about them.
5	Ding ding ding! Winner winner taco dinner.Do you like tacos? Of course you do, everyone does. This place is the bee's knees man. Went here on a Saturday night, and while it was busy, the service was quick, the food was fresh, and the taste was superb. Would I go back? Indeed I would, and I will. I highly recommend the Pork Quesadilla, a little pricier than the $2 tacos at $4, but twice the size and twice the meat, well worth it. Not traditional though, it comes with cheese, grilled green onions (yum!), salsa (fresh and spicy, so gooooood), and  some sort of sour cream-ish type sauce (also awesome), and topped with a tostada shell (small, but a little extra crunchiness never hurt anyone). Everything is made right in front of you, including the corn tortillas. I had both carne asada and the spicy pork, both of them spectacular. Saw someone else eating the carne asada fries, and while $10 is a bit pricey, it's probably worth it given the portion size. Looking forward to going back and getting more Gordo.
5	i came here for lunch today after checking out from Aria and it was my first time, but it was so good. I wasn't even hungry but still managed to scarf down two tacos. The guy slicing our meat was super friendly and nice... that made me love the place even more. I asked my bf to get me foil so i could save my last taco for the car ride home. While I was attempting to wrap it, one of the lady's that worked there came by and helped me, but because I'm dumb I thought the shiny side of the foil was suppose to be covered... apparently I'm wrong! She took my tacos and had the guy wrap it for me. that's what i call customer service, and it left me with a smile. i hope they read my review and know that I really appreciate great customer service. I never asked for help but she passed by and just helped me... like so motherly!!come here, you won't regret it!! the workers all looked so happy and really nice. in LA a lot of taco establishments are kind of nerve wrecking to walk in especially some of the king taco's I've been to.
5	Just look at the pictures I posted!!! A picture is worth a million words! Best efing tacos hands down. Your taste buds can't afford to visit Vegas and not savior these tasty slices of heaven. Must go!!!! The server is awesome by the way!
5	Quick tip: The line on the  middle right is for pork tacos only but you can still get carne asada fries there and believe me folks, you want those fries. Some people have acid flashbacks, I had a taco flashback to being 18 and partying it up in Rosarito beach and eating a delicious drunky taco. 100%, totally, undeniably legit pork tacos. I love that people say that the carne asada fries are "really big, enough for 2-3 people," yeah or enough for one drunk person at 3am. We came on a Monday at 2pm and the line went out the door. Be willing to wait, your taste buds will thank you for it.Twenty bucks will buy you four tacos, one carne asada fries and two drinks. Where else in Vegas will you eat this good for that cheap? That was a rhetorical question.Last note: Leave the staff a tip, they work their asses off and do it with a huge smile.
4	Delicious tacos, especially the tacos de adobada.  Just as good, if not maybe better, than the Chula Vista location.  Be prepared to wait in line with some fellow hungover Vegas party people who had just enough energy to make the short trek away from the main part of the strip.
5	This place is THE BOMB!!!!  A MUST, WHEN IN VEGAS. ADOBADA AND LENGUA ARE MY FAVS. The asada is nothing special.
4	Why come here? Because they spit roast and carve their pork tacos to orderstrolled thru lunchtime last saturday and the line was going out the front door, so many ppl gotta make sure your standing in the right line, I came here for the Adobada (pork) and luckily I stood in the right line, the middle, the left is for Carne Asada and the far right is for everything else, Brains, Guts, and Quesadillas etc....ordered 3 of the pork tacos at $2 a piece, everything includes cilantro, onions, and two house made sauces, hot sauce and crema, extra fixings you gotta hit the side bar yourself if you want radish and any other saucesthe tacos were all the hype, freshly grilled, crusted edges, juices running into the tortilla which by the way were heated simultaneously under the spit and picked up when your order is carved, to top it off, you get a slice of the that pineapple roasting on the top of mt. meat, all good, btw if you want roasted onions and peppers I think you gotta ask for itinside/outside seating, open 10am to 5am daily, parking is hit or miss (on the strip), park in the lot around the cornera must try if your into cheap eats, especially in Vegas
4	Excellent stuff. I like the lengua best followed by spicy pork then the carne asada. But they were all great. Their aqua fresca was not very good though, too watery, and dispensed through a soda machine instead of the traditional big glass jar.  Probably best as a late night eat but we ate it for a late breakfast and it hit the spot! The grilled green onions were a real treat.
4	Pretty delicious.... carne asada quesadillas... yum! One of those local spots not frequented by tourist... but delicious... a 3 am snack
4	Very authentic tasting tacos and quesadillas. You know the food is good when 95% of the people dinning in a Mexican restaurant are Mexican! We just got to Vegas and it was Cinco de Mayo and there was no better place to start off the festivities than an authentic Mexican restaurant.I had the carne asada tacos, DELICIOUS!! The staff was great and really friendly and the restaurant had a really cool atmosphere and prices are very reasonable.Will definitely stop by next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Thank you yelp for introducing me to this delicious taco place!!I tried three different tacos, but the pork (adobado) was by far the most flavorful.I also had the horchata that came out of a fountain. It was really sweet so I highly suggest diluting it with water and ice to make it a lighter refreshing summer drink.Order at the open kitchen and pay at the cashier on the right. Line was super quick and food delicious and cheap. Double win.Outdoor seating is available.
1	Yikes! Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse. Some kind of incomprehensible line system for what kinds of meat you want to order, but that all goes out the window when the line is past the door. Really wish I could have tried some of the food, but nothing could be worth this hassle.
4	Absolutely killer flavors. Very impressed with this place. The taco selection is magnificent and the prices are affordable, and it's open late! If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.The only reason I'm giving Tacos El Gordo four stars is because the line system can get pretty messy. It's not a big deal, just ask a worker or someone around you if you're confused about which line to wait in. All I'm saying is that a couple small signs above the ordering counters would make the line setup a whole lot better, and would earn this place a solid five stars.
4	Wait... Whaaat? Cheap late night eats on the strip!!Each delicious taco is $2.00 which is kinda expensive for your typical street taco but considering that it is Vegas, these prices are cheap and well worth it! The abobado (spicy pork) and carne asada tacos are so flavorful and tender.  And I especially love that the carne asada tacos come with guacamole!********WARNING********The roasted jalapeno peppers are SPICYYYY!  Just sample it first or the tears will come!
5	WOW! I wish we had Tacos El Gordo back in LA.  I came here for the first time yesterday and i was impressed.  My boyfriend and I ordered al pastor tacos and I ordered a suadero quesedilla and suadero tostada.  The al pastor meat was delicious, and I love how they put sliced pineapples on their tacos it was the perfect combination.  Their Grilled green onions and chilles were good too! Everything here was fresh and made to order.  Even their tortillas were made from scratch.  Another plus about this joint was unlimited refills of horchata.  the drinks were only $1.40 the Al pastor tacos were only $2.00, the Suadero tostada was $2.00 and the Suadero Quesedilla was $4.00.   We left Tacos El Gordo full and satisfied.  We will be coming back our next visit to vegas.  This place is amazing and service is quick and friendly.
4	good, quick, & easy place to stop if you've in/out privileges for a club. esp if you need more food to keep you awake/allow you to drink moregot 3 x carne asada and 3 x adobaba tacos. hecka good!! felt like i was in sf or san jose. i think the alibabas were better than the carne asadasa plus: didn't feel any gassiness or stomach upset-ness later at the club like i sometimes do from taquerias, phewfree chips & salsa would be cool, but i guess i don't really need the extra cals anywayI'LL COME AGAIN
5	i just made my way back from Vegas and like the blackjack table and the pool, i had to make my way to tacos el gordo.  still the best tacos i've ever had and not very far from the strip (a block past Encore).  This place is simply a must try for anyone who even remotely likes tacos or authentic Mexican food.
5	Love it! Not stingy with the meat n cheap! Can't beat it :)
5	Ok, seriously... the best lengua tacos ever!!!! Tender, flavorful, and a little kick from the green salsa. I also tried the tripe, but it was too crunchy and hard for my liking. Orange cream soda also topped it off, but the lengua taco?? A definite must. And cheap!
5	Delicious!  Just absolutely delicious!  I knew that although its still on the strip, there ain't a gringo in sight.  The first thing you'll notice upon arriving is the aromas of freshly made tortillas, al pastor, asada, grilled scallions & peppers, and a long ass line!  Once you combat the line of indigenous personnel and finally get to order, go hard guys...go hard!Our spread consisted of al pastor, tripas, lengua, & stomach....all of which are gracefully wrapped in freshly made tortillas that melt-in-yo-mouf!  I couldn't stop talking about these tacos even weeks after my virgin visit, but has since been a must have every time I visit Lost Wages.  Don't let the long lines discourage you, as a delicious reward will be awaiting at the end....oh did i mention they give you complementary grilled scallions and peppers?  And as much of it as you want!  Having said that, be sure to chase each taco bite with a slurp of grilled scallion "noodles" and a grilled pepper.....you've now discovered the best fucken tacos, prolly in the wasted state of Nevada!  Pictures are included...
2	Sorry to all of the people who rave about this place, but it's exceedingly overhyped. I was actually really looking forward to this place and had high expectation for what was popular which was the adobada and carne asada. Since there was 2 lines to order, I told porky to wait in the asada line while I wait in the adobada line. I made the big mistake of trying to make an order to a wab without porky there. I asked for a big adobada fries without cilantro and he replied OK. I waited there for about 10 mins....My bf already got his order and finally, he asked the wab where my order was in spanish and he replied that I never made an order with him, putting the blame on me, and trying to make me look stupid.. gtfo -_- I finally got my fries and I went up to the cashier. Without realizing it, the cashier girl gave me an attitude and my bf had to defend me telling them that I'm paying for the fries and he's paying for the tacos since I don't know spanish and I didn't understand the situation. how RUDE! I do not appreciate the fact that I was being put down for not understanding any spanish when we are in a country that English is the primary language, especially from people who sound like they don't even have their citizenships!! *slam fists*In any case, on to the food. I looked at my food and I specifically asked for no cilantro, and of course they would fuck it up by leaving little pieces of it all over our food. I don't mind the cilantro but porky hates it. -1 point there for making me put the effort of playing hide and seek with the cilantros. The carne asada was ok. The meat was tender and juicy but bland. The only thing you could really taste in it was the guacamole since they slapped on a handful of it on the taco. The adobada tacos had no flavor whatsoever. I read that there was some pineapples sliced in it, the sauce was amazing but I did not taste anything on that taco. The best ones I have had was the stomach and the shoulder. I should have fought porky more for the brain, tongue, and head tacos since they were all cooked in the same way as the shoulder and stomach, but I gave in since porky was so adamant about not trying anything else. Never again will I let his closed mind affect my choices in food! Anyways, the fries were awesome! I love the sauce in it and the fries were the thin and crispy ones, not those disgusting steak fries. I just wish I got the carne asada instead because the adobada was flavorless and dry.Anyways, I really want to like this place because I want to come back and try the other tacos, quesadilla, and tostada but I wouldn't want to come back here by choice because of the rude workers and there's nothing really special about their popular stuff. 2 stars for their stomach and shoulder tacos and fries!
2	" the carne asada tacos and the adobada tacos are bomb here!" " those are the best tacos I've had" please......All I could hear from my friends is them talk about this place n San Diego.  How good the tacos are and what not.  They found a Las Vegas location and insisted we go when we got there on our Vegas trip this past weekend.Arriving at the restaurant, the employees wanted us to make two lines ( for the beef and the pork meat ).  My gf said lets split up in the lines so we could get our orders.  We decided to order:1 taco of shoulder meat1 taco of stomach meat1 taco of carne asada1 taco of adobada meat1 order of adobada friesThe employees gave me a bit of an attitude until they forced me to speak Spanish.  They gave me my orders and went to the GF to check on the fries.  She was still waiting for the order and said they were taking a bit long.  I talked to the cook there and he was like she didn't order anything and putting her down.  I switched back to Spanish mode and told him to make the order ( with an attitude ). If that wasn't enough, the cashier girls were giving my gf attitude when she was paying because they couldn't understand that she was paying for the fries and I was paying for the tacos.  Back to Spanish mode, put them down, explained to them in a way you explain a 5 year old how to do things because obviously these people came from Tijuana yesterday and think they can give customers attitude when they themselves can't understand English in the US.  Really pissed me off that these immigrants like to talk smack in Spanish when you don't speak Spanish.Going back to the food, I had my eyes set on the carne asada tacos and adobada ( since everyone is ranting about them). I couldn't be more disappointed in the flavor of the meat.  The asada taco's meat was tender, but really bland.  I guess cause its so bland, they smacked so much guacamole on the taco to make up for the flavor ( which made it worst).  The adobada taco meat was really dry and no flavor either!  What was the hype about??  Surprisingly when we were tasting the stomach and shoulder tacos, we were like OK that's pretty good.  The shoulder taco was kinda like carnitas style with some of the broth it was cooked in.  The stomach taco was not all chewy and nasty texture.  Had some of the broth that it was cooked in as well.  These two tacos were the best ones out of the others, how ironic ha ha.  I think the brain, stomach, head and shoulder meat is all cooked in the same broth.  The fries were pretty good too.  They were thin, crispy fries smothered in some salsa they make there.  Personally me, that salsa was OK but too much on it.  Again, the adobada meat did not help the fries.  You might want to eat the fries as soon as you can or else they will become soggy from the overload of salsa they put in.This place really did not live up to the hype.  Rude employees, flavorless meat and expensive tacos.  I would have given this place a 1 star, but the shoulder and stomach tacos managed to change my mind.  I would like to try the head tacos,brain tacos, tostadas and quesadillas next time, but I feel like it wont be for awhile since it would have to be because friends wanna go and has to be the San Diego location.  If the San Diego location is just as bad with the immigrant workers and attitudes they give, I will gladly say I'm done with this restaurant. Never again....
5	Awesome tacos! I was one of three white guys in the place and I was wondering what some of stuff on the menu was. If you squirm when out of your comfort zone, this may not be for you...as the Beef Tongue and Beef Head tacos spanked the pork taco!  PS. It is only the Asada line that is to the left...I finally figured that one out.  Everything else is available in the right-side line. I could have gone here everyday I was in Las Vegas. I hope to get back.
5	Best food on the strip!!!  Street tacos at their best!!
4	If you are looking for authentic Mexican food you have come to the right place!  This establishment is straight from Mexico and you can taste it in the food, deeeelicious!  This place isn't really too vegetarian friendly, but they are willing to serve up a plate of cactus or make mini-quesadillas if you ask.  We went with family and they ordered all sorts of tacos and loved every single item hey got!  If you go in a group have someone scout out a table while others wait in line, oh and expect to wait.  With food this good, this cheap, on the strip you should really expect it and be prepared ;)
4	great spot for tacos. gets very crowded. its hot as hell inside. tacos are ok. not true tasting like the tacos from TJ but the average person will love them. mulas are awesome (sincronisadas, quesadillas with your choice of meat). my fav taco joint in vegas so far!
5	So, this trip to Las Vegas was essentially a post-deployment treat - one that I went on by myself as to get the freedom to do whatever the heck I wanted - including playing 20 straight hours of poker at the Wynn, which is the reason I found Tacos El Gordo - which I believe means Fat Tacos.2 a.m., I drunk, walking down the street - just about the only tacos I was going to get to eat at that time was a real one - and I wasn't going to complain.Stepping into Tacos El Gordo is to be transformed from Las Vegas to Tijuana - in fact, the owner says they are formerly from Tijuana, which I often visited as a kid. Dirty, scuzzy, and authentic - that's about the only things I can use to describe this place. Although there are about eight different types of tacos - each costing about $2.50, I opted for the stomach and tongue tacos - both culinary delights I'd learned to eat having grown up in Southern California.In my best Spanish, which I failed both in college and high school, I ordered two of each, and an Horchata (a milky, cinnamon drink). The guy behind the counter looked at me with amusement, and in lightning speed, whipped up two of each. After paying for it all and putting a few bucks in the tip jar, I went to my seat only to be summoned back and given an extra side of meat. "Shoulders," he said. "Try it."I tried it and instantly fell in love (the next day I came back and ordered more) - it was not only flavorful and full of spices, one could almost taste the nutty, meaty taste of the cow cheeks. I was in taco heaven.Onto the tongue and stomach, however: stomach tastes exactly the way you'd expect it to - a bit slimy, but flavorful with a hint of bitterness. No worries - a bit of lime and salt takes away the flavor that you might not be used to. I quickly wolfed it down and then tried the tongue.Subtly beefy - that's the only way I can describe it. Tender, moist, and full of flavors, it also packed a beefy flavor that no way in hell Taco Bell could deliver - new 100 percent meat be damned. It's also a light meat - that is, it's beef, but doesn't come with the heaviness that beef often is known for. It is, in a sense, as soft and gentle as a baby's sigh - heavenly goodness.I washed it all down with the drink I mentioned - the sweetness cleaning my palate with each swallow, allowing me to go back to the tacos and tasting everything packed in it each time.The next day, I went back for more. In fact, during my eight-day stay, I ate at Tacos El Gordo five times - each time leaving me satisfied, but also longing for more.If you do go there, I recommend the tongue and the shoulder tacos. I also recommend the Horchata. What's more - get the little vegetables that are left to be eaten over a bed of ice. They are meant to cleanse your palate. Take a bite of it after each bite of the tacos (or if you're like me you shove the entire taco in your mouth), and I promise you'll be ranting and raving about this place, too.Another note: do leave a tip. These people work really hard, and they do a good job serving. You're in Vegas - you're going to splurge anyway. Might as well make someone's day.
5	Best tacos in town! I've been to TJ and yes this is pretty damn close to the same flavor you get in Baja Mexico! I tried the carne asada and adobada tacos = delicious!Order first, pay at cashier and then find your table.This place is doing so well, they added two outdoor patios and just bought out their neighbor's space.
5	Food was fresh, tasted good, and prices reasonable.   Everyone inside was very nice. They even went out of there way to help bandage up a passing homeless man who was bleeding.
3	Now, this is what I call Mexican food. I am such a sucker for verde sauce, corn tortillas, and the bustling market feel that I couldn't help but follow the hype. There are a few things on the menu that I have never heard of like Vampiro haha. Eventually, I'll try everything because their Adobada is dericious ~ Try it out! It's so affordable that you could miss out on your Big Mac for a day, I'm sure!
4	Tried asada and suadero tacos.  Asada is an easy pass next time..but oh, the suadero is sooooo good.  This is my first time indulging in authentic tacos, and being Filipina and not knowing a word of Spanish, I have to admit, I was a little intimidated placing my order.  But watching them warm the tortillas and cut the meat was so interesting and the guy next to me helped me out a bit when he realized that I didn't speak a lick of Spanish.  I forgot to order Adobada, so that'll have to be on my next must try list along with their fries and maybe quesadilla.Me Likes!
5	TACOS EL GORDO.  : DEM FAT TACOSThis was one highlight of my vegas trip LOLI ate at this joint one hour before day 2 of electric daisy carnival..  Stupid idea, but amazing food. The breakdown:40 minutes to get our food in the most hectic line I've ever seen.. $10: Campechano fries - Adobada y Carne asada on top of fries topped with cheese & guac. (Spicy pork and Steak)$2.25 each: 3 Tacos de Lengua. (tongue)$2.00 each: 3 Tacos de Tripa (Tripe)$2.00 each: 3 Tacos de Adobada (spicy pork)Every taco was off the hookk, especially the Campechano fries.  Also the drinks were awesome, I've never had horchata like that.If I'm back in vegas, this will be one of my first stops
5	Great tacos! They go perfect with the "tamarindo" agua fresca.
4	Located in a strip mall next to the Encore, there is limited parking, but most people walk to this location.  It's very busy and you need to be experienced to get what you want. It's like the Seinfeld Soup Nazi.  You have to know what line to get into for which type of food.  One line for asada, one for spicy pork and a line for the rest.  So, if you want one of each, you need to get into three lines. I had 4 spicy pork tacos. The meat is on the spindle like gyro meat.  It's got good flavor and they give you a lot of meat on two small street taco tortillas. They also have some homemade sauces and garnishes that make them really good.  I think they make the tortillas on the premise because I see them making them, but I can't be sure the ones I ate were from that same process.  I can't see them making every tortilla because they sell a bunch.  There is some seating indoors and a lot of table outdoors under a canopy.  I don't think I would make a special trip to eat these. I would wait in line if I happened to be the area.
5	holly shit I found them on yelp, and its the same mother fuckers from TJ! No joke! Some one actually loved the tacos El Gordo in TJ enough to venture up with them in Vegas. Well they taste almost the same except for the price of course, but who cares, I had the Al pastor/adobada and it was spot on, great tacos! Also had the AL pastor fries and they were damn good too! If you have been to the one in TJ you are going to love the one/s in Vegas. Best Al pastor tacos I've had this side of the boarder.
5	Was in Vegas in March...this place is awesome.  The spicy pork taco is pure crack.  If I have kids, I would sell my first born to have another spicy pork taco.
4	Came here after lounging at Tao beach all day. Between my sister and I, we ordered:3 lengua tacos3 spicy pork tacos1 campachana fries2 coke zeros--you know, cuz we're trying to watch our figures.I loves me some pork so of course I ordered the adobado (sp) tacos for myself. I thought they were really good, however I don't think they are as good as the al pastor from Tacos Mexico. The ones there come very greasy and seemed to be slow cooked amongst ingredients such as onions that you can clearly see on the taco (aside from the toppings). I love the greasy, juiciness of that type of marinated pork. It seems I've only been able to find them at Tacos Mexico.Anyhow, my sister and I swapped a taco and that lengua taco on MY lengua blew my mind! So tender and juicy! I already thought I discovered the best lengua tacos in town (Super B Burrito) over by Eastern and St Rose so I didn't have high expectations. God, I love it when I'm proven wrong in that sense.The campachana fries were delish with half of it topped with carne asada and the other with the spicy pork. All in all, great food especially after sitting under the sun getting drunk. The restaurant was very clean, as well as the bathroom. I can't wait for my next excuse to be on the strip so we can stop by again.
4	I go to Vegas a several times a year and this is one stop that I ALWAYS make. Its just past Encore and in the middle of a little strip mall. Nevertheless a jewel My favorite is the Quesadilla con Chorizo, i usually get two of those and sometimes if Im really hungry Adobado taco or Carnitas taco. The kitchen is so clean!!! Not that I thought it wouldn't be however for as busy as it always is and the number of orders that they crank out it is impressively clean. I am looking forward to the new expansion, so I don't have to stand in line as long. Not that I mind waiting, its worth it.
5	So I was in Vegas with my wife. We didn't want to spend $50+ on overpriced, average food (if you haven't noticed the prices on food in restaurants in Vegas has gotten outrageous).   So I checked out yelp for some good cheap eats. Tacos El Gordo pops up as the #1 or #2 spot. We decide what the hell, let's go check it out. Verdict: not only is their Adobada pork taco the best taco I've ever had, their Adobada pork sope was even more ridiculous. Look, i eat Mexican a lot. My wife is Mexican and I know authentic Mexican food. This place shits on every taco you've ever had. It's that good. The carne asada was above average but in hindsight I wish I would have skipped it and gotten more Adobada tacos or sopes. If you don't know what a sope is, try one. It's basically a soft, fat corn tortilla. It's like a gordita (and no, not like a taco bell gordita; those don't remotely resemble a real gordita). If you want to eat for under $25 for two, eat the best taco or sope you'll ever have, and impress your friends with some real local knowledge... Eat at Tacos El Gordo. And after you eat and hit the casinos/clubs and you're sloppy drunk, go back and eat more. That's what I did. If there were one of these where I live I'd eat there 365 days a year and that's no bullshit. It's that good people. I think the meat is roasted by a crack pipe. It's seriously addicting.  I would consider giving up sex and becoming a priest to eat it daily.  If I were on death row I'd ask for Tacos El Gordo for my last meal.  If aliens landed tomorrow I'd take them to Tacos El Gordo to show them human cuisine and I'm pretty sure I would save the planet from total annihilation because they'd know the human race is rad because we can cook the shit out of some pork. Don't be a dummy, just do as I say and eat there. You can thank me later.
4	Best place to go after going out clubbing....cheap good taco's!
4	It's pretty much a given that the food here is amazing. The line is almost always out the door. My favorites are the lengua and pork shoulder. The only real problem I have with it is their line system; they have three lines, for different types of meat. SOMETIMES you are able to request that they get you meat from the other 2 stations when you get to the front of your line, but if you're looking to get tacos de cabeza, lengua and asada all together you may have problems.Other than that, there is no reason NOT to go here if you have a car or are staying at Wynn/Encore adjacent. Cheap meal with more satisfaction than most of the Vegas hotel spots.
5	FINALLY! an inexpensive alternative to the overpriced food in Vegas.. For $2 a taco you can have authentic mexican tacos in Las Vegas..My favorites here are adobada (al pastor) and the beef lenguaal pastor which is mexican rotissiere style meat with some onions and just a tinge of guacamole cut straight off the pig...  lengua is amazing as well... just perfectly soft and each bite is phenomenalthis place is open 24/7 and a great pitstop to make post xs to the hotel
4	Every taco is great, but the best is the adobada. It is incredibly good-would eat it every day if I could. The lack of chicken tacos and rice and bean sides keeps it at 4 stars for me.
5	Give me the adobada tacos with everything on it. Please do not leave off the pineapple because that would be a crime. The other location has much more inside seating than this one, but the food is still just as good. One of my friends and I came straight after work and had to sit outside under the covered seating. It was 110 outside, but a couple of those tacos and a small order of carne asada fries to share makes anything bearable. Do not forget a cup of ice cold horchata to wash it all down. I would not normally lean towards Mexican food unless nudged in that direction by friends, but I am glad that I have some people who do enjoy this fare. Every once in a while, a trip to Tacos El Gordo does well for the soul. For some reason, I throw out most of my concerns with this establishment. What? You do not serve any veggies with your tacos? Okay, as long as you pile up that spit roasted meat, I will easily overlook it. What is that sauce you are dousing over my tacos? Whatever, it is just delicious, so keep it coming. By the time I am finished, I have ingested more than I normally would allow, I drank some of my calories and it is not getting me buzzed. Oh, how I have fallen. Yet it feels so good. Don't look at me!
4	Food 5 starsService fast food styleAtmosphere 3 starsIf you can handle the riff raff of the Vegas strip it's worth a visit. The Taco selection is pretty basic and authentic so if your a Traditional Taco Stand fan make sure you swing by for a quick drunk dinner. The flavor is amazing so I would recommend trying every taco if you have the stomach and you like trying interesting things. I think Andrew Zimmerman and Anthony Bourdain would both have something good to say about this place. Good late night grub at a low price.
5	Carne Asada fries!!! Yummy!!! Wait everything is good here.. Went in March when we got married and that's our 1 reason we wanna go to Vegas!!
5	Best taco place in Vegas. Even if you don't speak Spanish don't be scared to check this place out. Authentic Mexican tacos!!
5	SOOO GOOD! My boss suggested to eat here after clubbing at Marquee and we came around 2:50am before closing and there was no line at all. :) I only tried their adobada (al pastor) and their carne asada fries. mmm & I love their sides! Especially their fresh grilled onions! :9 watch out on their grilled jalapenos...its super spicy! My friend started to cry. :( lolFor only $2 a taco, I am definitely coming back here!
4	Great tacos for cheap !!
1	GROSS!! Where do I begin. I was hoping for some awesome food. My homies from work had mentioned about going here. I decided to finally give it a try. They said delicious and huge stuffed tacos. Cool, im a taco kind of guy. You walk in it a normal place. Old style fast food kind of place. The menu is basic, tacos with different kinds of meat. I saw meats I wouldn't touch but knew enough to choose the Carne Asada, Spicy Pork, and Pork Tacos. Staying away from the tongue and other things that are scary and gross tasting to me lol. Anyways, I get my order, pay and get a drink. I should of figured something was up when one of my tacos was covered in foil. I sit down and start on the Carne Asada taco. Pretty decent, mild flavor and hardly any fat. The onions and cilantro was fresh and the salsa was tangy. Cool, Im thinking maybe the spicy pork taco should even be better. It to was decent. Nothing spicy about it. It was more colored pink as an illusion to spicyness I guess. Kinda bland in flavor. Im starting to think that this place isnt as good as my friends said. Especially for the price of a couple bucks per taco. Which are small and not worth the price. They werent even stuff like the name claims lol. I take off the foil to the last taco. Its the Pork Taco so I thought. It was fatty, smelt weird and had greyish chunks in it. the texture looked like some kind of sea creature. I asked an employee is this pork? Not pork tonuge or kidney or some strange animal part, just is this PORK? She said yes. I took a piece of the so called pork and took a small bite. THATS NOT PORK!! If it is, they have some nasty ideas what pork is. I think some health inspectors need to investigate and see what they are selling as Meat, especially the pork. Eat at your own risk, this is one place I will never, ever go to again!! Until next time, Let's Eat!!
5	My friends brought me here with the promise of the best tacos ever! I will say they did not disappoint! We had a big dinner planned and this served only as a snack so I only ordered three adobada tacos. It was like a huge tease, I wanted more! I actually stole one of my guy's to eat. He wasn't happy =P. The next day, we went back and ordered 28 between three people. It was delicious and I can't wait to go back. Try the adobada with pineapple!
4	Went by here twice.  Both times I tried the steak and pork tacos.  These were very fresh, and tasted pretty good.  For $2 a piece, it's hard to go wrong with these.  Definitely worth a try.  There's always a line.
5	After reading the reviews prior to arriving in Vegas I knew I just had to try this place.  Spicy pork tacos cut right from a giant hunk of meat that stares you in the face?!??!?! Uhhhh, yes please!Went here around 9:30pm on a Thursday night and it was effing packed.  I knew it was a good sign when I saw a ton of Mexicans and a security guard packing a real gun.  Tacos are serious business!I ordered 3 tacos.  I got the Adobada (spicy pork), lengua (tongue) and carne asada tacos.  All 3 tacos were very good, though I was probably the most disappointed with the adobada.  It wasn't that it wasn't good, but there just wasn't a lot of meat in the taco.  The meat that was in there was good, but that particular taco looked a little sad.  I did enjoy the free guac topping on the carne asada taco.  The lengua was cooked very well done and I thoroughly enjoyed that taco as well.  All in all, I'd give this place a solid 4.5 stars.  If there was more adobada in my taco I would definitely give this place 5 stars.  It could've just been bad luck with that particular taco.  If you want good tacos, definitely try this place out.
3	Nothing fancy, not worth the wait. The beef was okay, have had better. Typical Food, so so place
4	The best tacos in Las Vegas hands down.There was two of us, we ordered 3 asada and spicy pork taco. It was so good, we ordered 3 more each again right away. When I was ordering the second round, I realized the corn tortilla was fresh made right there. That's why the taco was so good.Anybody appreciates authentic Mexican food, you have to go there and give it a try.I gave 4 stars for the high price and not so good service(bad attitudes). The taco is quite small for $2 each, I had to eat 7 to get full.
4	Due to my other half's hatred towards Mexican food, I very rarely get to indulge in it's deliciousness. However, one night I paid a visit to Tacos El Gordo after my girlfriend's soccer game. I didn't know what to expect, but had heard rave reviews about the place from everyone and was terribly excited to finally try it for myself. The wait wasn't as bad as I had thought it'd be. My friend had ordered me two tacos--one carne asada and one al pastor. I'm the type of person who has the save the best for last, this also applies to the way I eat my food. I took one bite of the al pastor taco and it was delicious. I took one bite of the carne asada and it was even more delicious. Needless to say, I finished off with the carne asada, but gobbled both up quicker than you can take a breath. Based on my first visit alone, Tacos El Gordo trumps Roberto's and is my new favorite taco spot in Vegas!
5	I thought my eating habits were already bad; and thennnnnnnnnnnnnn, I had this place.I had been seeing pics of their "orange bang" drink on Instagram so wanted to come here to taste it for myself...hoping that it's like a drink back home in Hawaii.Came here one Friday after Tao. Got my fave tripas tacos and their orange bang. My drunk friends got a plethora of tacos and carne asada fries. Omg --- SO GOOD! Orange band included; it wasn't as frothy and creamy (more watered down) than I would like but, it'll do.In fact, El Gordo was SO GOOD that we came here the next night after The Bank. lolThis time, we decided to change up the meat and had TRIPAS FRIES ---- oooOOooooOOOooooooooohhhhhhHHhhhhhh. Talk about LIFE CHANGER right there!It's pretty busy with the afterhours crowd with long lines but, the wait to order and to get your food isn't bad at all.Note: there are THREE lines in there. Each for different kinds of meats. Make it easier on yourself and have each of your friends (if you have more than 3) stand in each line to order things.Honestly, felt sick to my stomach with all the bad food I ate that weekend (including El Gordo); but, I'd effing do that again! If imma have a heart attack after that food; at least, I know I died a happy woman =)
2	Plain and simple. The tacos were good, the lengua and sesos were comparable back home in LA.Only issue is..one dollar sign does not mean $2 for a 2.5oz taco. Back home I can get FREESH corn tortillas for half the price with double the serving.
4	First visit back on May 10, 2012.Food looks promising when there's a huge slab of pork rotating on a vertical spit, with a pineapple above it (to tenderize the meat).  It's almost as beautiful as one of the girls working the pole down at Sapphire, but I digress.$2 a taco made me grimace a little, but a smile broke out after I devoured that spicy pork, with its creamy sauce... what was it, pineapple based?  Idk, but I'm coming back.The guy working the spit was surprisingly welcoming, and patiently answered my noob questions ("what's the vampiro?" "the 'vam-pee-roh,'" he corrected) despite the line forming behind me.  The lady working the register, unfortunately, seemed annoyed at my very presence.  I suspect the guy gets paid more, and is happy the business seems to be flourishing.There's a/c inside, so you can escape the Vegas heat.  But if you enjoy the desert climate, then you can also sit on the covered patio.The asada tacos were pretty good too; the chorizo decent.  Nothing beat the flavor of that spicy pork, so I don't bother wasting precious stomach space with less than the best at that location.  Give this place a shot if you're staying on the strip, it's on the right hand side as you drive down Las Vegas Blvd, right around the time you hit Circus Circus.  Tip: learn the side streets (i.e. Paradise Rd), and avoid the terrible traffic.
5	I know this is redundant, but the spicy pork tacos are out of this world.  The meat is slow cooked and shredded in front of you, while the cook behind the counter slightly fries two corn tortillas and preps the taco for the meat.  The contents are the complimented with a dressing similar to the cilantro ranch served at Cafe Rio.  There are also other vegetables and a spicy chile sauce to boost.  For $2, you absolutely cannot go wrong.
4	Walked across the street from the Wynn and felt like we hit the jackpot with tasty breakfast burritos that didn't break the bank. Their coffee was surprisingly tasty too.
5	I usually don't take the time to write reviews, so you can bet that this place is special. Definitely got a local hispanic vibe when we arrived, but the staff were great.  Everything is made fresh to order right in front of you.  They have 3 main taco stations for each type of taco on the menu. I recommend the adobado and asada tacos.If want a delicious alternative to nachos, try the adobado fries.  They are piled high in a large to go box with spicy pork, cheese, cream cheese and guacamole sauce.  Very delish!!!   I grew up on mexican food and this place is as authenticate as it gets!!
5	When your looking for speed, quality, and price, this place hits on all marks. Some of the best tacos i've ever had in my life. I like that you can try all sorts of different meats from head, tongue, leg, and even cheek meat. On my last visit I think that I ordered almost one of every style of taco. What was really outstanding was the grilled green onions and peppers you can get as a side, probably the best version out of any taqueria in Vegas. The corn tortillas are very good as well. Everything is very clean and the prices are right on point. Everything tasted fresh and well made, I liked it. This place also seems to be packed, and there is a good reason.
5	Best place for fast, cheap tacos! They're a bit on the small side, so it takes about 3-4 to fill me up. Nevertheless, we always come here every time we're in Vegas. Tripa (Tripe) = DELICIOUS! Crunchy and a blast of flavor. I always get this. Carne Asada = pretty decent, but I've had better. The guac tastes a bit weird to me. Adoboda (Spicy pork) = so yummy and juicy. Get this if you want to be on the safe side.Lengua (Tongue) = tasty, tender, soft. Sesos (Brain) = Didn't like. Has a consistency of oatmeal with a strange meat taste. Cabeza (Head) = bland...Suadero (Shoulder) = good, but doesn't compare to the ones above. Quesadilla = amazing!! Good option for your vegetarian friends. Make sure you get grilled green onions and chilis (warning, it's extremely hot) on the side!  And don't forget Horchata!
4	The line set-up is a bit confusing but the food was delicious! They handled the busy lunch crowd with ease.
5	adobada fries.amazing. adobada everything. you'll be surprised how good it is. A vegas trip isn't complete unless I stop here. If you tip, they often give you more meat. :)adobada fries
4	On my virgin trip to the City of Sin I only wasted away for 24 hours,  but two of my three life saving meals were at "The Gordo".  Discovered with the aid of Yelp,  I arrived for meal #1 around midnight after an evening of hotel pregaming before beginning my walk down the strip. Not having eaten since the Grand Canyon 12 hours ago, my dire need of sustinence was cloaked until arriving by the alcohol previously ingested.  As soon as I read the menu, my jaw dropped in wonder how such a popular spot could crank out the oddities offered.  Well, when in vegas...There was no written indication as to which lines were for each cut (pork, beef, or specialty cuts), so I stood in line for abodaba for 10 minutes before speaking with a rep.  *Left is beef, middle is pork, and right is specialty cuts.* When relocated to the correct line, the chef would reach under a steaming towel to select and cut each cut of meat made to order.  This line isn't the fastest, but totally worth it.  Out of the corner of my eye there was an older woman hand packing corn tortillas out of fresh corn meal.  Talk about made to order.The first night I got the cabeza, sesos, and beef shoulder.  I'm not gonna pretend to be qualified to judge these cuts, but I found the cabeza to be flavorful with a very soft texture, and the sesos were creamier than I have had in the past.  The beef shoulder alone merited my return the next night!  All of these tacos on corn tortillas were served with light lettuce, onion, and salsa verde relishes.  This surprise of an experience lured us back for a quick dinner the next evening when I chowed on more shoulder, abodaba, and tripe.  For being on the strip, this place is a hidden gem.  Good, cheap food on the strip is hard to come by, and authentic $2 tacos are tough to beat anywere.  The lack of English can be disguising and my gf and I were the only gringos in there (other than the officers on a meal break - they know where to eat and that's always a good sign).  Spanish as a second language paid off in Vegas!
5	OMG!!! the best place ever! cheap eats and bomb a** food. especially late night.
5	A good as the one in chula vista! But being in Vegas makes it it that much better! Plus they have $10 carne asada/adobada fries!!!My recommendation: lengua!!! Tongue!
5	The El Pastor Tacos are the best in town! And don't forget the napale
5	This joint is amazing. I ordered 8 tacos and a drink for $19. I ordered beef tongue, pork stomach, asada, and pastor. I have to say the ingredients are fresh and service was fast and friendly. Also you can BYOB. I will be back.
5	I live in LA. I was in LV this past weekend and wanted something special.  I LOVE the fact that we found this place.  I have been a fan of the original in Baja Mex for over 20 years (when it was a hole in the wall).BEST TACOS in LAS VEGAS.
5	This place is excellent. The spicy Pork and Tongue tacos I had were on point. The tortillas are small but so tasty. They also put so much on it you cannot see the tortilla. It smells as good as it taste. I wish I would have eaten more but I had a buffet waiting for me a couple hours later. No complaints about anything so it is a definite 5 STARS *****
5	Best tacos in Vegas hands down. Fresh hand made tortillas, perfectly cooked meats.Cabeza, Adobada & Asada are a must.
4	When you're drunk off your ass from XS nightclub at Encore and the line for taxis is like a mile long, you want to walk over a block here to Tacos El Gordo. Big restaurants with plenty of seating and $2 tacos! Yup, not ALL food joints in Vegas will burn a hole in your wallet. My foodie friend took me here after XS last weekend along with a group of my girlfriends. He took good care of us and ordered here about 20 Taco De Adobada. It was delicious! And I was sober by then so I can vouch it's also good without the intoxication. :) It had a green sauce and plenty of meat. Worth every $2 my friend paid.  You really just have to come here and try it out. Though there were a lot of club goers at the time we went, the line moved ridiculously fast because service was quick. We sat outside in the patio. Tables inside are along the walls of the restaurant. The only thing is, don't expect to get a taxi from here. It's impossible!
4	I found this place thanks to yelp...and it was amazing! The staff are friendly, enthusiastic, and work very fast. The portions are perfect and the prices are great. I had the carne asada fries, with chorizo on corn taco. DELICIOUS. I will be back. There a many interesting characters coming into this place at night. Including myself :p
5	This is where you want to eat! Delicious tacos, served hot with fresh ingredients. As an added bonus, it's super cheap!
5	When it comes to Mexican street tacos, the first places that come to my mind are Taco's Mexico, late nights in TJ and the best hang over food ever. However, no more.... well at least not Tacos Mexico. Anyway, lets just get to the good stuff. Tacos el Gordo is amazing place. Hands down the best street taco's ever. Being that they are orginally from Tijuana, they are already off to a good start. Personally I am a huge fan of their carne asada and ablongida (sp.?) tacos. They also have more exotic delights as cabeza (head) lengua (tounge) and a few other goodies I have yet to try. Plus, their cane asada fries are nothing short of amazing in my mind. And on top of all that great food, you can wash it down with unlimited refills of Orange Bang! Or Pina or horchata if that floats your boat as well. Buenos timepos!
5	When my friends wanted to eat mexican food on the strip I wondered the heck why. Since all of them were from San Diego and that's where some of the best mexican food comes from but they were raving about Tacos El Gordo. We got the adobada tacos, and abobada fries which I had no idea at first it was the marinate pork. It was absolutely delicious-nish. Probably the best taco I ever eaten before I love the sauce they use on the taco. It was good and very creamy. I like the number one fan of carne asada fries never having tried abobada fries but I gotta say they made a believer out of me. It was delicious and I love how much sauce it had. Yummy the definite mexican joint to hit in Vegas.
4	In town, read the reviews and decided to try it out for an early lunch before heading out for a long shopping day.  We ordered the adobada tacos and the adobada fries Tacos are $2...and they are very goodFries are $10 large/ $5 small (get the small enough for two people)The menu reads spicy pork but it's not spicy  This place is a great find!  If you visit Vegas, this is a must! We will definitely come back and eat here.
5	this is probably the best mexican in Vegas. It was amazing and really authentic... seriously good late night grub
5	These will be one of the best tacos you will have IMO.  We had these in TJ, and they taste pretty much the same, so authentic!  In TJ, they make their horchata from scratch though...not here :(Anyways, if you have never been, one word : ADOBADA.  Adobada is a marinated pork awesomeness that is fire grilled on a rotisserie like setup.  This is why this place is awesome, so if you come here, you owe it to yourself to try it.  Try it MULAS style, which is essentially a taco, but with another tortilla on top with cheese in the middle...quesadilla style.  Try it on the fries...can't go wrong....it is awesome.Besides that, I have tried some of the others...the beef head and regular asada is great, but it doesn't shine a light to the adobada imo.Besides the flavor, you can't beat the price.  Tacos start at $2, and although you will need a few to fill you up, I find it difficult to believe you will find anything this good to eat 24-7 especially on the strip.They just expanded, so it is much easier to find a seat and the lines are shorter...but still be prepared to wait a bit to order.Go see for yourself!
4	Best place to go to in Vegas for tacos! Especially when you're hungry after a night out clubbing/drinking. it's on the strip and located right next to Encore, so if the taxi line is super long, I suggest you try some Taco El Gordo! The tacos are cheap $2! It might take awhile for the food to come out since everyone goes there late after a night out clubbing, but it's worth the wait.
4	Pros:1) Carne Asada Fries are SOOO good2) Great location right outside of XS/Surrender (night club)3) Open 24 hoursCons:1) Pricey2) Small portions
1	I was really looking forward to this due to all the great reviews and also because, after days of paying for $25 dollar entrees, my wallet needed a break big time.  Maybe they were having a bad day (I notice another 1 star reviewer went the same day I did).  Quite simply, the food was inedible.  First off, this is a place that LOVES their organ meats.  No fish or chicken tacos here so keep in mind that choices are very limited if you don't like tripe, brain, tongue or head tacos.  That's ok, we went for the carne asada fries, Abodabo and spicy pork tacos.  Fries looked awesome.  First bite....my mouth filled with fat/gristle/tendon.  Ick.  I'm a good sport, tried another bite.  Huge piece of fat.  One more bite.  Same thing.  Moved on to the abodabo taco.  First bite.   Fat.  I wasn't dumb enough to try another bite.  Spicy pork taco next.  No fat but no flavor either.  So yeah it was only $20 for me and my husband to "eat" but neither one of us actually got to swallow any of it.  Have not had this horrible of a restaurant experience in years.  I'm left wondering, did I truly go on an off day or do regular folk just love fat filled tacos?  I'm certainly not putting out another $20 to get an answer to that one.
5	One of THE BEST carne asada tacos I have ever had, hands down.  The juices and everything about this taco is worth every penny.  I usually get mines with no avocado, since most of the time they usually put a spoonful of avocado & i really dont need to taste that much avocado in one sitting.Not only do i order the carne asada tacos, but also the carne asada fries. The carne asada fries can either come in half ($5) or a large order ($10). I ordered the half ordered and OHHH GEEZ it was pretty BIG! I couldnt even finish it, it was good but not THAT good. Needless to say, I could always come back to this taco eatery. Yumm yumm
3	I pass by this place EVERY day on the way to work and I've always been curious if it was good or not. My Dad and I even stopped in once, but the place was packed and there were several lines arching throughout the restaurant, so we walked out in favor of the Riviera food court, which is NEVER busy.This time around, the joint was practically dead. I quickly found out that you don't go to the desk with the cash register first, but straight up to the counter in front of the kitchen. I ended up ordering the Taco El Adodaba (Spicy Pork), the Taco Asada (Steak) and a Asade Quesadilla. With a bottle of water, the bill roughly came out to $11 or so.I am a VERY plain eater when it comes to Mexican restaurants. I usually am the person who will order a burrito with only meat, cheese, rice and maybe potatoes inside. These tacos were slathered with guacamole, onions and salsa. I did remove the copious amounts of guacamole, but I actually thought the combination of all of the toppings and the meat tasted pretty good! That's saying something when a plain person like myself can enjoy such loaded food.This joint is a little bit different in the fare you would expect from a Mexican place as well. They don't have rice, beans or chips...and the quesadilla is definitely different than ANY other place I've had one before. I can only describe it as a small tortilla with meat and cheese in the middle with a corn chip on top of it. It was different, but not bad at all.
4	$2 tacos and open for your late night munchies. I got the spicy pork- best tacos I've had. The carne asada fries had a burnt taste from the meat...wasn't too big of a fan of the fries.
4	The tacos de carne asada were very good. The quesadilla was made with a hard shell tortilla on top... Different, not bad but different. The ordering system's a bit on the confusing side so don't hesitate to ask for help.Definitely recommended if you're craving Mexican tacos.
3	Fresh, interesting, and big portions but lacking flavours in my opinion. needs more salt or seasoning. I should have ask for some hot sauce or something to give it more flavour.
2	After getting out of the club Tao about 5: am we were very hungry decide it to go for some tacos it was crazy pack wrong move to go in there it was beyond insane after being in the line for about 20 minutes the security guy told me that I was on the wrong line he said to me " this line is only for the adobada tacos " move to the other line 35 minutes for me to be able to order my tacos they were super greasy the guy that made my tacos was super cool but the other guy that was making the alpastor Tacos I think he was the owner because I think the name el Gordo is cause of his size he was not cool at all I was talking to him ordering some tacos from him and he completely ignored me the orchata water was out of a fountain machine gross to end it all I think you can get better tacos at tacos pepes and they are cheaper
3	The price point is perfect! ~ $3 tacos depending on what kind of meat you order.They offer all kinds of options (carne asada, brain, tongue, etc) - so you have to find the person serving the kind of meat you want and get in that particular line to place your order.  You'll have to ask which line has what because there are no signs... and it's weird because even if you're first in line (and you're at the counter ready to place your order) - if someone next to you has a tray of food and is waiting to place an order, they actually get to order BEFORE YOU because Tacos El Gordo has to serve those with food on their tray first.. that's right, they get to order before you, even though you were in line first... Tsk, Tsk!They don't have chicken (aka pollo) - so if you're not a red meat person this might not be the place for you.
5	Capechanga fries! oh my!! Love this place. Friend told me about this spot a while back and am so I glad I opted for this over steak n eggs! You can eve order half orders! Just imagine super fries but 10x better and thats capechanga fries for ya ;)
5	Best authentic Mexican food I have ever eaten. We had tacos and carne asada fries and we were sad that this was our last day in Vegas.
4	Great tacos I had the spicy pork with pineapples went very well together. Prices are amazing for taste and flavor
5	Showed up the other day, to see that their expansion has been in full effect!Almost no line on a Saturday night!  At least compared to before....only took me a few minutes to get all my food!  Plus it is much easier to find a seat now, since they pretty much doubled that too.And don't take that as a bad sign...still very full and busy overall, but without the "bad" busy of having to wait before you can eat!Still wish they made their horchata scratch like in TJ!Best place to eat tacos in Vegas!
3	Reading about their carne asada fries is what brought us in here - my husband judges every taco shop/stand by their carne asada fries. We stopped in during lunch on a Saturday, and it wasn't busy at all. We ordered the campechana fries - comes with both carne asada and spicy pork. It is a bit confusing about how/where to order, seems like that problem could be solved with just a couple signs over the ordering lines?? We must have looked confused cause one of the employees came over and told us what each line is for, and when we told her we were just wanting the fries she stepped up and ordered for us. They then told us to go have a seat and they would bring our order out since it would take a few minutes. 5 stars for the great service!We only tried the fries, and you definitely get a lot. I would say they are worth the $10 price. Not the best ones we've ever had, but still really good. They top them with cheese, sour cream, what looked like an avocado sauce as well as guacamole. I think they would have been really great though  if they had a selection of salas to top them with, it seemed odd to us that a taco shop wouldn't have that, and honestly the fries were missing it. If I were to go back I would probably try some of the tacos, and also just order the fries with the spicy pork, I enjoyed that a lot more than the carne asada.
5	Adobado.Easily one of the most amazing words in the world to say when drunk, it turns out it may also be the single most delicious thing one can eat while drunk, though there is competition*Additionally, while my bubby would be heartbroken to hear this, I have to say that this place serves what is hands-down the best tongue I've ever had in my life. Ever. Though you'd better not be shy about what you're ordering, because saying "lengua" to the counterman means he's about to pull out the entire grass-licker of a cow and chop it apart in front of you.If you've ever wondered what it would be like to be Hannibal Lecter's sous chef, now you'll know.*They also serve Carne Asada fries, which is a 1 pound orgy of french fries, carne asada, cheese, sour cream and guacamole. I had to stop eating it because I contracted Gout mid-meal.
3	This is a chain of Mexican fast food joints. There are at least two in Las Vegas, and god knows how many elsewhere. The one on the Strip is on the same side of the street as Wynn and Encore, and a little further north.***The Menu***You can order quesadillas, tostadas and such, but most of the menu is tacos: taco de asada (steak), adobada (spicy pork), tripa (tripe) and a host of others. Tacos are small (around 3 to 4 inches in diameter), with a heaping tablespoonful of meat, cilantro and other spices in the center. Two tacos make for a modest lunch; four would be a hearty dinner.***The Atmosphere***Pretty much like any other fast food restaurant. There are a few tables inside, and many more outside.***My Meal***I've only eaten one lunch here, so I can't comment on much of the menu. However, I am hopeful. I tried two tacos: taco de cabeza (beef head); taco de buche (pork stomach). The taco de cabeza wasn't as unusual as it sounds. In taste and texture it was pretty much like minced steak. I liked it, and think it would please most people. The taco de buche was by far my favorite: lots of flavor and good texture. To wash it down, I had a bright red, strawberry soda.***Summary***After one meal, I want to go back. The tortillas are good, the fillings are good, and there are lots more to try.***The Bill***The meal was $5.72, for two tacos, a soda, and tax.
5	First time here. I usually eat Roberto's but my cousins had me try his spot out. It's really good and you get your food quick even if it looks busy. Tasty tacos and clean spot. I recommend this place if you really love Mexican food.
4	This place gets four stars from me because it was literally steps from the hotel we stayed in, and they opened late for the late night drunks. I am a very conventional American Mexican food consumer.... give me tacos, enchiladas, burritos, even a suiza and I'm happy. I do not venture into the exotic and wild Mexican dishes of tongue, head, brain... ahem... sounds kinky but I digress.I stayed safe and tried the steak taco, and it was tasty. I would have tried chicken, but to my dismay, el pollo did not appear on the menu.It's a good, clean, typical fast food spot if you're looking for Mexican food. Especially if you're drunk and need a place which opens late to absorb some of the alcohol you've consumed.
2	Tacos El Gordo is a late-night-drunk-eats kind of venue, located very conveniently in a strip mall near the Strip. Sorry Vegas people, but this place doesn't stand a chance against LA Mexican food.The carne asada fries were mediocre at best -- really bland. Had to go and ask for more sauce but it didn't help much. The adobado taco was actually pretty good.I must hand it to the guys that run the place though. The restaurant is seriously a well-oiled machine. Runs super efficiently and the place is actually clean.
5	A definite stop when I'm in Vegas. I've been here on my last 3 trips to Vegas and I've never been disappointed. The meat is extremely juicy and tasty and the toppings are delicious!What we've tried:- Carne asada fries: Delicious! The carne asada here is insanely tender so these fries are a lot more satisfying than the carne asada fries back home.- Carne asada tacos: I love that these tacos come with guac and pico de gallo! - Lengua tacos: My favorite!!! The lengua is the best meat here! So tender!- Spicy pork tacos: I like the creamy sauce that compliments the meat. And of course, the meat is tastyyyy. Yum!Overall, I really love the fact that the sauces are all different for each type of meat that I've tried.Free refills on drinks which includes horchata :) Mmmm.
4	The Good: Best Taco's I ever had, but I did come here really hungry after clubbing on a Saturday night.  It's really good though and I live in Los Angeles. I didn't really know what I was ordering (Tacos Carne Asada) Doesn't matter... what ever you get,  you'll love it .The Bad: I'm Filipino so  didn't mind the ambiance or the scene there that night. But, if your not a minority ...you might feel out of place, but that's really up to you.
5	There is something distinctly wonderful about late night food in a city like LV.  The insatiable appetite for indulgence, the unrelenting yet ever flowing booze from all corners of the town. With the infamous Tijuana chain Tacos El Gordo in the mix, the game has now changed ... for the better. Located inside of a strip mall just around the corner of Wynn/Encore, this spot is the perfect alternative to the spendy options of late night spots mid-strip. Folks who are familiar with the Cali locations should notice the mini-spike in prices here from .15-45 cents per item. It's still a inexpensive deal on the Strip and an even cheaper / tastier option that most tacos in NYC. I digress.The late night hours from Thursday-Sunday is often their busiest times here. Lines from post-XS / Tryst crowds of drunken club goers crowd up this small spot. No sense in sprinting to Earl of Sandwich (http://www.yelp.com/biz/earl-of-sandwich-las-vegas#hrid:rCEJrFmkm-Y5nNg1MhO7VQ) when the $10 for a sandwich translates to 4 tacos and a drink here.A true San Diegan Mexican treat - the carne asada fries ($10) are the real deal. A mile high mountain of carne asada beef, salsa, cheese, and crema over fries is terrible for anyone's diet but delicious nonetheless. Tacos of all kinds - adobados, carnitas, de cabeza, orejas, lenguas - are superb in every sense. Vegans ought to look the other way but carnivores of the Mexican loving kind will be delighted with most everything on the menu. There is no words to describe the joy of fresh, shaved, carnitas on a perfectly grilled corn tortilla with a little salsa verde, cilantro and bits of cebolla, all folded to make for a juicy, super sabrosa bite.I could go on and on about these tacos, but if there is any thing worth mentioning it's that the Downtown location (http://www.yelp.com/biz/tacos-el-gordo-las-vegas) is even better. Orale.
5	This place is insane! I've never been to the SD location but heard that it's delicious. I stumbled upon the Las Vegas branch and was like I HAVE TO TRY THIS! Upon entering this place, you better know what you want and where to get it because they will get you in and out ASAP. To the far left you got the adobado, middie is the carne asada and far right is the counter for brain, intestines, stomach, lengua (my favorite!!!). You can make about anything with the different types of meat. I tried the Carne Asada fries, carne asada taco, mula con adobado, tongue mula and adobado fries. I actually had a Tacos El Gordo Sandwich (what is this??)...which involves TWO visits to TACOS EL GORDO within a 9 hour time frame with my first and last meal of the day being at this establishment with some more foodie (Korean bbq) and Las Vegas show in between. Probably my most BIG GIRL night in a long time. They also speak Spanish to you like you know Spanish. So brush up on your Spanish or get lost in translation. Drinks are $1.40 and there's only one size...BUT you get unlimited Ole drinks (mmmmz Orange Bang....). Indoor seating is scarce because they get filled up so quickly. Everyone wants to eat here at all times of the day, I swear. Never worked so hard to enjoy my food, but it's well worth it. If this place is too hectic for ya, try their other location off the strip approximately 3 miles away.Anyhoo, I CANNOT WAIT TO GO BACK! The food is delicious and everything else street Mexican is unacceptable now (unless someone proves me otherwise). Thanks for setting the standard Tacos El Gordo!
5	Was in Vegas during July 13th weekend and came here twice during my visit. This place is outrageously delicious! I cannot fathom how good it is. The carne asada was so tender. Their carne asada fries is seriously the best I ever had! Get that with everything on it. I don't even like sour cream but it was yummy on the fries. Gosh I miss it. And I also tried the beef head and brain, which my bf got && that was my first and last. It's just too soft to eat.
2	I seriously don't understand the hype about this place. I've been there twice and was not really impressed. First of all the tacos are tiny. The meat is decent but they are really small. The first time I was there I ordered 2, and the guy said "Thats it?!". They we're decent, not fantastic.Next time I tried the Fries with adobado. It's basically a pile of fries, topped with your choice of meat, guacomole, sour cream, some kind of mayo based sauce and unmelted shredded cheese. It's great if you're trying to consume 2000 calories in 1 meal.... I didn't really like them to be honest. They should melt the cheese. Nothing about this place stands out, I seriously think the Mexican food in LV is lacking... and this place is no different.
5	Hands down best taco joint I have ever been to in the United States... EVER!  This place is near the Wynn, I just wondered in here after a night of partying and wow!  They have every amenity that they have at taco spots in Mexico... Without people getting kidnapped... I found my new after party spot in Vegas! I definitely recommend this to the discriminating taco aficionado.
4	This place has some bomb ass fries and tacos.I decided to try this place because I was craving for some late night tacos in LV so I decided to travel down the strip to find some.  The tacos here are on the pricier side ($2.00) but they are GOOD!  But, the carne fries or adobado fries here are A STEAL! I got the half for $5 and it was huge!!!!! Totally worth the money!!!If you want some bomb tacos in LV definitely venture out and try tacos el gordo! I must say it's just as good as the tacos over here in Socal!!
3	Not bad at all for a little taco spot on the strip.  A couple friends recommended this place so we went.  It was easy to find and everything was easy about this place. We walked in and there are menus in front of you before you walk in and when you walk in. Here's how you do it. You walk up to the counter, I'd go to the left counter because everyone goes to the first counter they see when they walk in (creates a cluster-f*ck). Once you see the Al Pastor (spicy pork) spinning with that chunk of pineapple on the top and bottom, your mouth should start watering. I ordered 2 carne asada (steak) tacos, hubby ordered 1 carne asada taco and one Al Pastor tostada. They put all the condiments on for you so if you are a condiment nazi (like one of my friends) make sure you ask for it on the side. I wanted it the way it came, with everything on it. As soon as you get your food take it to the cashier, order any drinks you may want, and pay. I couldn't resist the orange and pineapple bang!! As soon as we sat down I scarfed down my tacos like nothing, they were pretty good, Zeke loved the Al Pastor, it's his favorite and he said it was really good. Be sure to ask for napkins from the cashier because that is the only place you'll find them. There are no napkins to grab anywhere else, just from the cashier. Also, if you need to use the restroom you have to ask for the key from the cashier. I stood by the restroom waiting for someone to come out like a geek for a while until an employee told me to get the key. Doh! Anyways, if you're looking for some good street tacos to satisfy your late night munchies, to sober up, or cuz you're hungry for some... I'd say come to this place.
5	What a find! We were stopped by the security guard asking us to bag our beers. He was very polite so we decided to go in. We've now eaten there 3 days in a row! Not only is the food cheap, but it tastes great! Everything we try new we like better. And the "flip the sauce" flair is a fun bit to watch. Makes this end of the strip worth a visit.
5	By far the best taco shop in Vegas!  Carne Asada four or corn shell tacos are simply the best.  The carne Asada SMALL order is $5 and feeds two ppl easily. I put pic below.  You have to try this place!
5	Delicious! Authentic, easy on the wallet.
5	WOW...These are the best tacos I have ever eaten! I ordered only 4 of the Carne Asada  tacos thinking I'd leave room for desserts on the Strip. But the hell with that! They were sooooo good and PICA, I had to go back for more! If you are anywhere near Vegas ...you just have to stop here.
4	This place is amazing! I love the tacos. I had the spice pork taco and the steak taco. The pork taco is to die for. I will be back again
5	OMG best street tacos in Vegas ever.  They are just like the ones in LA, but better.  Only got the tacos there but they were amazing.  Adobado: Had right amount of spice and the creamy sauce complimented the meat.  Carne Asada: Juicy steak comes with guac and picoLengua: Wow...so juicy and tenderTripa: OMG...deep fried intestines...Greatness in my mouth..lolBuche: (stomach) it was ok...i just had to try it.Cabeza: (head)..wasnt bad..had to try it alsoSesos: (brain)...had to try this as well...it wasnt bad...but the texture was weird.The place was busy when we got there, but the line went by quick. There are a few tables in the inside and a bunch on the outside.Oh almost forgot free refills on drinks, so of course got Orange Bang!!!
5	Simply put, the best street tacos in Las Vegas!The minute you walk into this place you will notice it is insanely BUSY, and that most people are on the pork line-- because it is the best item on be menu. Don't get me wrong, steak is also tasty, but the pork is excellent on any menu item. Here is what I normally order.Campechana fries, half order. These fries are smothered in steak or pork, cheese, cheese sauce, guacamole, sour cream and their special sauce... Virtually a food group of its own. Beware you can probably share your fries with three of your friends and still eat plenty.Pork tacos: I get them with everything and a bit extra of their green sauce--a cilantro based sauce.Mulitas on flour tortillas: there are topped with the same ingredients as the tacos but the ingredients are sandwiched between two flour tortillas with grilled, melted cheese on them. Amazing.You can have a filling lunch for no more than $10 bucks. If show up during the lunch hour be ready to wait for about 15 minutes before getting your food.
5	My favorite Taco Joint!!! If I move to Vegas, this might be my main reason lol
3	To be honest I think most times I've ate TEG I've been way too drunk... I mean it's perfect for when you have the drunk munchies and it's conveniently located on the strip.. In my opinion (shhh don't tell Mike C & James K) I think the food here looks better than it tastes. Don't get me wrong it's pretty yummy but I don't find myself craving it.. I feel like it's just your standard taco shop food that I can get from a regular taco truck parked on the street somewhere.. Oh and be careful I didn't think those grilled peppers could be that hot but last time I had a bite and my mouth was on FIRE for a hour.. lol Hot Tip: don't forget to ask for some pineapple & drink the orange bang! OH And chat up the cooks and tip em.. They hook it up!!!
4	I have yet to see a taco joint where they serve excellent tacos AND fries. Here, you are delighted to tacos of all kinds of meat from asada to lengua. So you won't be limited to only one particular kind of meat.The tacos are seriously STUFFED with meat, onions, cilantro, and sometimes mild sauce or guacamole depending on what kind of taco you order. Just a tip for preferential purposes, you can even order corn tortillas which are somewhat bigger than the standard size tacos. Remember, you have to ask for all the sauces when you pay for your food.On the other hand, they serve fries! Be mightily warned that the full size rack of fries is HUGE. So unless you have a somewhat normal appetite and stomach, feel free to order the full size, otherwise, I highly recommend the half rack so you can get some tacos. They have carne asada fries, but my favorite is the campechana fries. The campechana fries consist of asada and adobada(similar/identical to pastor). And included is your standard set of sour cream, onion, cilantros, guacamole, and etc. This is conveniently located northbound on Las Vegas Blvd ahead of Wynn/ Encore. Which makes it the perfect place to fulfill your drunchies after a night at Surrender or XS. So many good things to say about Tacos El Gordo but why the one subtracted star? Prices. Coming from LA, I don't think I ever paid $2 tacos. But unfortunately, I have no other choice but to pay the full admission for a single taco in order to fulfill my meticulous craving for Mexican food.
5	Authentic $2 Mexican tacos.  Highlight is the spicy pork.
5	I tried this place based on other yelp reviews and I am glad I did! In a strip mall just past the Wynn Hotel, it is easily missed as somewhere to try but, stop in and try their food. $2.00 street style taco's so full of meat. We tried the carne asada and the spicy pork, both were so flavorful. We also ordered the carne asada fries, man this could feed a whole family. $10.00 but worth it. You will be sharing. Fresh food, made on the spot. Friendly, friendly service! It is seems to always be busy but the lines move very quickly so don't let the crowd deter you. Everything had so much flavor!
5	I have been here a couple times and everytime it is yummy! This is the place to go for street tacos, especially late at night for a midnight snack or after hitting the clubs since it is conveniently located on the Strip as well. The meat is fresh and cut off the stake straight onto your tortilla and garnished with grilled onions upon request (real al pastor style!). The meat is tender and seasoned well, cooking on that stake all day long. I order the adobada fries (spicy pork fries), which is different than the typical carne asada fries. It also comes in half size, which is great for one serving. The guys serving you are friendly and they even remembered me from the first time I dined; this shows true customer service! It is a casual dine, with easy takeout or to go orders. There may be a short line, but it is worth it. I would recommend this place for tourists and locals. Writing this review actually makes me want to visit again ASAP!
4	I finally made it to Tacos El Gordo after hearing rave reviews about it for ages. The place was pretty empty, but service was fast and efficient. I ordered one adobada taco and one carne asada taco to go. They were pretty small and they packaged them on tiny paper plates and wrapped them in foil. Not the best form of packaging I've ever seen and definitely not cost efficient for them, but I assume most people eat them there.Everyone always raves about how cheap this place is, and it is for the most part, but for the price I felt they skimped a bit on the meat and filling. They were definitely tasty and I really enjoyed the flavor of the adobada. Nicely balanced heat and sweetness. The carne asada was good too, albeit a little on the dry side. The condiments definitely enhanced the flavor of these for me. I'm a big fan of the adobado and I'll definitely be back again to pick these babies up next time.
5	Lived up to its hype, best tacos I've had since Mexico.
5	BEST TACOS IN VEGAS! HANDS DOWN. ONLY THING BETTER IS IN MEXICO.You can walk in with a beer or drink. Security will simly give you a brown bag. The adobada is the best. All that is missing is a big pot of home made beans.Toursist and locals all eat here it seems like because it's lawys busy.ENJOY
5	great tacos, all the meats taste great I had asada, pastor and suadero, all i can say its delicious.
5	This place, although Mexican, reminds me a lot of the open markets back in Thailand that had the most affordable and delicious food. There were numerous employees, all very friendly and helpful. Since it was our first time there, one of the guys let us try a little bit of every meat (more like he handed it to us without question).I tried five different tacos - the spicy pork (adobada), steak (asada), tripe, beef shoulder (suadero), and beef tongue (lengua). The tacos also came with nice portion of cooked green onion and jalapeno! Every taco was great and had the perfect portion of meat, sauce, and vegetables (which is something you will rarely hear me say). My favorites were the adobada and tripe. I also got horchata, which turned out to have INFINITE REFILLS. My good friend and I were ecstatic over that for quite a while.Next time I'll try out their fries for sure.
5	I visited this place near 2-3am on a Friday night and it was packed!!!! Cheap delicious food on the north side of the strip available to you at all hours! Yum!
5	This place is the real deal y'all.  If you're like me and want a couple of tacos or maybe even a burrito to end your night then there is no better place in Vegas than El Gordo.  My mouth is literally watering as I type...
4	Three star tacos, extra star for authenticity and prices.The adobada was great. Flavor, texture, whole package. Not exactly spicy, but I liked this one.The brain was tasty, but not on the same level.  Can't be 100% sure that I'm just not that big a fan of brain, but I do like some head cheese on a banh mi...I thought the corn tortillas were a bit soggy, but the whole experience was good. A bit overrated on Yelp, but a solid taco bar.Next time I'm going 3 adobadas for $6.
2	This place is BUSY!!!! Smells amazing in there, but I'm super picky about my carne asada. It was way to chewy for me, my husband and I barely picked at the carne asada fries because they meat was soo fatty. Ugh! Grosses me out just typing about it. On the bright side, the adobada (pork) tacos were pretty delicious, so it wasn't a wasted trip.
5	So I've been eating more veggie lately (although nowhere near entirely), and the one major carnivorous mainstay of my diet lately has been tacos. To the point where I've started calling myself a "tacotarian." (And yes, I know they make fish tacos, I just don't care.)So on my latest trip to Tacos El Gordo, I decided to branch out and try their vegetarian option - to see if I could keep visiting my favorite Vegas taco joint even in the absence of meat.The taco azteca (nopales asado) is strips of grilled cactus served on your choice of corn or flour tortilla with salsa and guacamole. The cactus really had a nice snap when you bite into it and a bit of a peppery flavor. A lot of times with vegetarian options for Mexican it feels like you're "missing" something. A vegetarian burrito from Chipotle feels like a magic trick sometimes. And not in a good way.But this was legit. If I ever pull the trigger and go full-on vegetarian, this will be a staple of my diet.(The adobada is still amazing too.)
4	It was nice to get real tacos. There is not alot of variety; but what they do they do in bulk. I ordered the tacos de nopales, tacos de suadero, y tacos de tripa. They included a generous helping of cebollitas on the side. I will say that, due to the heavy traffic, the tacos are a little greasier than I would generally prefer . Everything was fresh; and well prepared. I was suprised that, even though they were on the strip, they charged regular taqueria prices.
4	Ordered the lengua, asada and suadero tacos. I think I ordered more than that but I couldn't really tell after the huge mess I made eating my tacos at a rapid pace. I was really unsatisfied by the food I was eating at the hotels and on the Strip and this place is just down the street from where I was staying.  I've been to the Tacos El Gordo in SD and wanted to see what the LV branch tasted like. I came at around 11am in the morning and there was no line and ample indoor seating. Ordered my tacos and bit into the asada taco to find cold meat. I was really surprised. I know that the meat is cooked in a batch and used to make tacos and then another batch is cooked, but still - no reheating the asada on the grill? To top that off, the meat was a little tough so I was a bit displeased. The savior of the bunch was the lengua tacos. I could just gobble down lengua tacos all day because the meat is so soft and juicy. Juice literally sputters out at every bite!  I immediately regret getting the asada taco. Ordering is fast and efficient when there isn't a line. This establishment is spotlessly clean (well at least it was in the morning). Stainless steel tables and walls - and even the bathroom was spotless. Whaaaaaat. So even if my asada was cold, I was a happy camper. Later on while driving home I could still smell the tacos on my fingers and my mouth would water. A sign of REAL food. Skip the over-priced Strip and come here!
5	Some of the best tacos I've ever had. It's like being transported to Mexico when you take that first bite. The spicy pork tacos are so delicious. Wouldn't have ever expected tacos this good when I first saw the joint. A true gem in Vegas.
5	Best TACOS Ever!!  Located on The Strip after the Encore/Wynn and Ross Store.  This place is super packed and each line is for a different type of meat.  ALL KINDS OF MEAT!  Cabeza, Lengua, Carnitas, Carne Asada and some others I cannot remember.  We were here the night after Thanksgiving and it was super packed.  Hubby and I split up and just stood in line.  We didnt know that each line was a different meat so thank goodness I wasn't in the Lengua line.... had it (not from here) and dont want to try it again. The tacos are small so if you are hungry get 3 or 4.  The people in front of me had about 5 people in their family and ordered about 30!!!  I kid you not!  So you know it was gonna be good!Will totally come back here again! Not a lot of seating so find a curb or eat standing... its worth it!
5	This hole in the wall taco place is awesome. A friend of mine turned me on to it and I can't seem to stay away. Their carne asada fries are great. Nothing too fancy about this place. Just good food. A little pricey but its worth it.
5	Words can not explain the delectable scrumptious  mouth watering tacos this place has. Thank god for Tacos El Gordo on the Vegas strip! I'm a New Yorker and I didn't have a car during my stay in Vegas but man oh man was I glad I yelped this gem! Please head my advice, GO THERE! it's totally worth the walk!
5	It's been said by most, but I just wanted to emphasize what a pleasant, cheap departure it is from the expensive, crappy chain food on the strip.  The walk from most hotels is just long enough to be sobering after a long night/morning out in Vegas (I walked from Planet Hollywood), and if it isn't, the food should help.It's especially awesome for those of us who come from the east and don't get particularly good/authentic tacos.
4	I guess it is the best taco shop on the Strip. Brain and Tripa is so yum! As always.
4	a whole in the wall where the area around it is kind of shaddy but the food was WAY batter then i thought!!!!
5	Very tasty food, their drink machine is unlike anything else you'll find in vegas too
5	Cost to quality is just two thumbs up...!  Compared to other overpriced restaurants, this is the must-try place for real taco in Las Vegas.  A little inconvenient eat-in, but you can find additional tables on the curb side of tents outside.  Wonderful experience with authentic Mexican tacos at surprising 2$ price tag.  Abodado taco is my favorite and Veggi Quesadillas is beyond your imagination... If you can speak Spanish, ordering might be easier, but fellow customers were friendly enough helping me order.Wonderful place....!
5	this place is amazing! best authentic tacos north of the border. the spicy pork (which isn't at all spicy) and the lengua (tongue) are the best tacos in the house. if you're one of those types that doesn't eat tongue just because its tongue, lose that attitude because you're missing out. you can also get a "quesadilla" which is basically a taco with yummy melted cheese. great stuff. "vampiro" which is basically like a taco sandwich tostada, more deliciousness. a couple knocks though, no chicken tacos and the carne asada is average to below average. but trust you go there for the lengua or the spicy pork
4	First if you're looking for a place that speaks English or has great service, keep walking. The menu is on a board and there are two cooking stations. You order your food then pay at the cashier. It's not the most organized place, but if you expected that then you were dreaming.I'd say the tacos are the best deal at $2 because the are basic street tacos with onions, cilantro, salsa and guacamole. The quesadilla and vampiro were small and double the price. The carne asada fries were huge, tasty, but the fries were a little cold and after a while everything tasted the same.I can see why it's busy. The tacos are tasty. I only tried carne asada since that's what everyone on Yelp raved about.
5	BEST TACOS I HAVE EVER HAD.  OMGoodness.  I am glad I don't live in the area because I would be here every single day...and as big as a house.  This place is right near the Wynn in a little strip mall.  Very casual.  Let's talk about the tacos.  Oh the tacos.  We ordered the Carne Asada and El Pastor.  The Carne Asada comes with the usual onions and cilantro.  Get the avocado sauce...on everything.  It is amazing.  The El Pastor was cut off of a huge stack of meat roasting on a spit.  Then it gets covered in a red sauce and the avocado sauce and topped with onions and cilantro.  Meat is tender and well seasoned.  AMAZING.  Yes, it's crowded, but that's a good sign.  If you have to sit on a curb, stand outside, or stand on your head to eat your food...do it.  The prices are great and you can get a drink with free refills.  Tacos El Gordo is truly a gem in an area where prices are ridiculously expensive, the price for one taco is about $2.   I ordered four tacos and had to go get another one even though I was full.  It's that good.   My recommendation?  Run, don't walk to Tacos El Gordo.  I would if I could.
5	best taco place in Las Vegas!! unfortunately we found this place 1 day before coming back to California, but we ate 3 times that day! the tacos were delicious and the price was awesome ;D
4	This seems to be a very popular and busy taco place and for good reason as they're pretty darn good.  Their tortillas might be home made and the meat and fixings they use are very tasty to.  I think it's hard to stand out when you make tacos but they do a fairly well job and I can see myself coming back for more.  I'd suggest you try to get inside seating during the winter time to avoid your tacos getting cold as it happened to me.  Although that may be easier said then done as this place seems to be busy most of the time at least.
4	Figured there was something to this place because it was packed every time we drove by. Great location just off the strip and the food was yummy! Forget about getting good or fast service (ordering food was ALL over the place...very disorganized) That being said we had tacos on freshly made corn tortillas and I felt I was south of the border! delicious guacamole and salsas were the finishing touch. A great stop when your craving authentic soft tacos!
5	So goood that I went there twice in one weekend. Agobada fries are on par with carne asada fries in San Diego, maybe... maybe even better!!! Highly recommend any of the tacos and the agobada fries is a must!!The fries couldn't be any better. They were crispy, covered with plenty of guac and sour cream, and topped with the fresh cut pork right off of the spinning pole. I don't know how to explain the uniqueness of the meat, but it was kind of a hybrid of bacon and cha siu (chinese pork). It was crispy like bacon and flavorful like cha siu. omgiwantsomemore!
5	Omg best dam tacos ever.we come to vegas probably every four months weather it be for biz or play but every time its a must to have tacos here so if your in vegas and have a craving for mexican you must try this place.its right on the strip and open real late so weather its lunch or late nite after partying all nite munches this is where you must go.:D
5	best Mexican tacos I ever ate!  authentic and without exception.. I can't go back to the gringo taco shops anymore!
4	Excellent tacos. Quite a chaotic scene, but worth the wait. Would be nice if they had rice, beans and chips.
5	best damn tacos in las vegas hands down!go here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Real deal!!!! This is the real deal serving tacos so authentic I had to check my GPS to confirm that I hadn't walked through a worm hole in Vegas and come out the other side in Tijuana...TJ, baby! If you want real deal tacos, you must go to Tacos El Gordo!!!
5	I've tried all their $2 tacos from the meathead, brains to the spicy pork and tripe. I have no complains about this joint. Affordable and your taste buds screams for more!! You will leave with a satisfied hunger and a happy wallet!! I will definitely be back! (I've been here twice in the past 24 hours already) and you got to love their hours of operation. Can't get any better than this when you had a few drinks with the company of wonderful people/family & an appetite for really good food after drinking for a few hours :) Totally worth the drive regardless which part of town you live at even for visitors!!I always get everything on it especially the pineapple slice with the spicy pork taco!
5	Delicious tacos! Too bad they don't sell burritos.
5	So you've made it rain at the Wynn and/or Encore, and now you're starvin' like Marvin (who is this guy, anyway?). Now what? Well, you have the choice of 1) spending more money on food at the restaurants inside either hotel or 2) head a little further down The Strip and get your taco on here. I'm sure the latter is a much better choice. My friends never tuned me on to this until now (thanks a lot, guys! *sarcasm*). Made sure I made the most out of my first visit and got 3 tacos: lengua, asada, and adobada. All of them paired up with a large Horchata made it the best late night grub I've had in Vegas. Ever. It's probably saying a mouthful (and no, I kept classy and had those tacos one at a time), but it's true.
5	Best tacos on the strip.  Open 24/7.  No ambiance just a cafe with some limited seating.  Food cooked in the middle of the room--you see what you're getting.Went down here a couple times this week.  Good tacos.  Fresh sliced and cooked meats, pastor tacos were well spiced and flavored.  Big plate of peppers came along with it.  24/7 was a big help:  tacos at 3am.  Mmm.  Bought total of five tacos for myself and the cab driver with two drinks total $13 bucks and they take American Express.Give it a try.  Real good value and great hours.
5	This place is absolutely amazing. Better than the tacos that I from my Mexican friends. Almost every trip to Vegas I've stopped here, sometimes twice in one day.....its that good. You cant beat a $2 taco.Nice clean place, good seating, and again hands down, one of the best tacos I've ever had. Get the pork, beef shoulder, or the tongue. You won't regret it.
5	When we first walked in, it was a little chaotic.  We didn't know what was going on....but, the staff is extremely friendly & helpful.  Basically, there are 3 lines: 1 for carne asada, one for adobada (spicy pork, but it wasn't spicy at all) and another line for the other meats (tongue & I forgot what else).  No chicken!YOU ORDER FIRST & THEN PAY.The carne asada line was the longest (out the door practically), so we went for the adobada line.  I was able to order my tongue (lengua) tacos here too and 1/2 order of campechana fries (half carne asada & half adobada).  The adobada meat was the best--not spicy at all.  Sometimes this meat, also known as "al pastor" is spicy or flavorless.  The fries were really good, but we got full from the tacos---reheated this the next day & it was still good (just took off the guacamole & sour cream before taking it w/me).It was a little over $20 for 6 tacos, 1/2 order of fries/ & a drink.  My husbad said that I know how to pick the best places to eat!!!  This place gives King Taco a run for their money.  I love the green salsa from King Taco & give the salsa 5 stars, but the meat from El Gordo has more flavor & the portions are larger.  Lots of Mexican people eating here, so you know it's good when a food place is packed with it's own people. The customer serivce here is superb---really friendly & helpful. Lots of locals eating here....*Will probably visit this place every time I go to Vegas.
4	$2 meaty-tacos?! What's not to like? They have a bunch of different types of meat, I just stuck to the carne asada and spicy pork tacos. The carne asada was just ok but the spicy pork tacos were amazing. Make sure you get a slice of pineapple on top! The only weird thing about this place is that they didn't serve chicken.
5	Been here tons of times...just realized I never mentioned the Adobada Fries before!Ask for a small portion because they are still huge and are plenty big enough to share!$5 is the entry price.  Adobada/Al Pastor is the best thing ever in case you didn't know already!  Slightly spicy marinated pork with all the goodies!  You'll never want to eat carne asada again lol
4	Their Carne Asada is the bomb! Love coming to this place, espcially late night. Very affortable compared to other prices on the strip. The only downside is the space because of it being too popular. Coming here any time after midnight should not be a problem but if not you might have to eat in the car!
4	Been here numerous times when I'm at Vegas and by far is a hidden gem.  The quality of the food is just so yummy in my tummy.  There's no actual lines but everyone seems to follow the imaginary line which is great.  When I go; I always order Taco's (carne asada)  and definitely the price and the food is great.  The place is always clean.  I'll definitely be making my way back here every time we visit Las Vegas and recommend friends to go as well.
5	This is by far the best in all of Vegas. Good food, good service, good location, good menu options, very clean and tidy.I go several times per month for lunch with co-workers. Never disappointed...
5	My mexican family loves tacos. My mom makes tacos at home all the time and we have gone to at least 15 different taco places in Nevada.I am SO sick of tacos and hate eating them...but..this place is the only exception. This place IS the best taco place in Nevada. These tacos are like no others. They are just so delicious.The "El Pastor" tacos are to die for.  These are incredibly good. I usually get 3 El pastor tacos..they are a bit spicy and they come with creme yum yum m getting so hungry thinking about them.I've had carne asada tacos..which are very good. The tacos de lengua (beef tongue) are sooo good too. These are my moms favorite. Dont be afraid to try it because it sounds strange. The tacos "de sesos" have to be my second favorite. Yummy these are my dad's favorite.I love them all but just the el pastor tacos are worth going. They also have "aguas frescas" They have horchata which is delicious and i always get it and they have others..there is one drink that taste like oranges and creme which is super good too.
5	I think I've reached the closing of my quest for the best taco. Truly authentic, flavorful, and reasonable at $2.00. I personally recommend the spicy pork and beef tongue.
5	When my friend Jay F picked me up from the McCarran International, our first order of business was food, and that food was tacos. As you can see from his glowing reviews, this is a Top 10 Vegas spot for him. And if you are a foodie who loves authentic street food, this will be INSTANTLY be a Top 10 Vegas spot for you too.The small and unassuming taco stand is on the side of a small shopping center tucked away in a corner off the strip within sight of The Wynn. And for about 1/10th of the price of meals on The Strip, you'll probably get your best meal on or around The Strip. The Abodaba is spicy pork that is cooked on a rotisserie like gyro meat would be, and is then sliced to order. Amazing. And if you like the jiggly pieces, they've got Beef Head, Beef Brains, Beef Tongue, Pork Stomach, and Tripe. Not being much for the jiggly parts - except for beef tongue, that is - I ordered the lengua, adobada, and asada. At $2.00 each ($2.25 for tongue) these were amazing tacos, filled with meat, each with a unique garnish, and served with a huge plate of grilled veggies as additional garnish. It was an awesome amount of fresh, authentic Mexican street food for $6.25. As I told my friend, this is the type of place that Tony Bourdain would go nuts over on one of his shows ... great cheap street food with lots of the jiggly bits offered. And this is a must-stop for all future Vegas visits.
5	Most legitimate tacos, ever!It's effectively the same tacos that you get from a taco truck, in a restaurant. However, taco trucks tend to be a bit cheaper by a few cents per taco. For a grown adult, roughly 4 tacos can fill you up, which is about $8 without drinks. I do not recommend the Taco De Sesos! Thats beef brain tacos. And it smells funny, and tastes like... unflavored tofu or something. And I hate tofu. But everything else is great! I don't know what that green sauce is, but I see little onion bits in it. Whenever possible, request more green stuff on your tacos!The neighborhood around is sort of shady, the shopping center where this one is located is surrounded by liquor stores and smoke shops. However! It is a better spot than the 2nd location on Charleston, which is surrounded by bail bonds and pawn shops. The people that work here can speak a limited amount of English, so for people that want to practice their Spanish, remember this line..."Yo quiero _______ tacos de _______"Where the first blank is the number (uno, dos, tres, quattro, cinco, etc.) and the second blank is the type of taco. Carne for example, means beef, and etc. You can just read it off the menu.
5	Everything I said in my previous review still holds true, but we go back here so often and the food is so amazingly delicious that I do not care at all where or how long I have to wait in line to get some! Definitely one of the most authentic food finds in Vegas. Try the adobada (spicy pork), it's our favorite! This place is golden and affordable as well. Five stars all the way.
5	Possibly the best I've ever had. I really didn't expect to find great tacos anywhere outside California or Mexico but I was wrong. Las Vegas has the best Pastor tacos I've yet had, the perfect breakfast after a night of shenanigans.
5	Ultimate Addiction! If you want street tacos, this is the best place to find them! The spicy pork tacos, are heaven. I normally order the mula version, which cost $4. It's the best bang for your buck. This is a great place open 247 on the strip if you are starting or finishing partying for the night.
4	Good tacos open late
5	Best tacos this side of the border. Obviously it won't beat the prices in Mexico, but well worth the $2 a taco. It's hard to find places that cook the al pastor on a rotisserie anymore.
4	The BEST $2 Carne Asada taco in Vegas!!! Also had the Carne Asada tostada - very authentic with guacamole, grilled green onions, radish, and lime garnish...... REALLY TASTY! Don't expect rice, beans (they don't sell any!) and other extras - they have lingua, al pastor or pork (the wife liked that).  Green and red salsa - the green was surprisingly spicy - I really liked it. The staff was helpful and kept bringing us extra tortillas, napkins, and salsa. The service was 5 stars and we left a monster tip!!! Easily exceeded my expectations after reading about 5 reviews - it IS THE REAL DEAL!!! Walkable from The Riviera and better than anything in their food court!
5	Spicy pork tacos were the best! Delicious and cheap.
5	Awesome tacos, Quesadillas etc...A must stop if going downtown (from the strip).
5	Oh my sweet baby jesus. I have a new love in my life (sorry Ray L.), adobado street tacos from El Gordo!I will tell you about my tastes for one second. I am a minimalist. I usually order things on the side or plain, especially with Mexican food. I do this because my tongue can't handle much heat despite the fact that I am 1/2 Mex. So, my honey and I met at The District to take our son to My Gym on V-Day, and he brought along tacos from El Gordo to surprise me. I had never had their food before this. I opened up the plate, and was thrown off because the pork looked like the sweet pork from Chinese places. You know how it is slightly reddish on the outside? Okay, mine was meat and tortilla only and his had a mix of cilantro/onion plus a few pieces of pinapple on top. To be honest here....I totally lifted my nose to the idea of fruit with my taco. When we were done there happened to be one taco left. I just couldn't let it go to waste! I took a bite with everything on it and.....IT WAS SO GOOD!Now I wish my other tacos were like that. The lesson to my story is this:If you don't step outside your comfort zone once in a while, you will let all the joys of life pass you by!These delicious tacos from heaven only cost $2 each. No rice and beans available here, but I don't give a damn. Who wants to stuff yourself with fillers? The crowds are huge at lunchtime but it's only because these little yummies are a force to be reckoned with. By far, they are the best Las Vegas has to offer.
3	Now here is a favorite spot for the late night clubbing crew....  Tacos El Gordo runs all night long to cater to those party people who literally just got out of XS...... and are super hungry!Be aware of the long lines!!!  It sort of goes quick but nevertheless it's still a long ol line to be waiting in...Quick eats for after clubbing!  Which Taco would you like?They are famous for the pastor taco!  Spicy Shaven pork on the spinner rotisserie is a crowd favorite!  But they also have tons of other stuff as well!  (gotta try their super nacho!  It is humongous!)Here is a tip for all future visitors!  Don't just have your heart set on tacos!  From my personal experience, if you get just tacos you get smaller portions of meat!  Try the other varieties as meat portions are much much more than just simple tacos!They've got free refills on drinks!  Including Horchatas!You want sauces to go with your meal?  Ask for it as you are paying the cashier!  He/she's got it in a small fridge behind her!Again, all sorts of meat options for you to choose from, and when it's real busy, they got both sides going at one time so it help speeds up the process!To me... it's not the best tacos I've had, but the lengua was delicious!Maybe the perfect after clubbing snack?  It's for you to find out!  Try Tacos El Gordo next time you are near!
1	They can't fool a real Mexican! I've never written a review, but after visiting this place, I just had to! First if all, they don't season their meat! I saw them with my own eyes pulling the steaks out of the packaging straight from the butcher onto the grill. No salt or  seasoning what so ever! If they think everyone is too drunk to tell, or too ignorant, boy are they mistaken! The tacos de adobada, not close to the real deal, they seemed pasted with pink coloring. If you're hungry and don't give a f??? About the taste, go for it. And the set up they have is stupid. You form a separate line for each kind of tacos you want!? Wtf!!!
4	Didn't know they had a Tacos El Gordo in Vegas!!!Being the ONLY one on the strip, this place is chaotic after a night of clubbing. Bigger than the locations in San Diego, but essentially the same menu. I always get the adobada tacos so I stuck with that, but the line is pretty ridiculous. The only thing that keeps this from a 5 star review was that the meat was a little dry compared to what I'm used to in SD. Other than that, bombdotcom!
4	Food was great, we ordered Carne Asada tacos and fries. Cooks have a great personality and make the environment fun. The reason I am not giving this place 5 stars is because the lack of customer service by the cleaning lady. We decided to eat outside and before we even took our first bit she came in front of our table and start sweeping. Who likes this being done when you're eating?! After I polity asked her to please do it after we finish eating because we do not want dust on our food, she states this is her job and will continue to sweep. I couldn't believe this. Some people have no consideration for customers. Ugh!!!
1	After reading fantastic reviews we went searching for this place. Great greeting, bright, clean but I was a little sad because I am a picky eater n do not eat pork or organs. I was really looking forward to chicken but alas it was not to be. Please go but be aware that if u r picky or with someone picky, might want to go elsewhere. Sorry all.
5	I've been to Vegas at least 6 times and have missed out on a simple pleasure! This place is amazing! Authentic quick Mexican food from Tijuana Mexico.  My husband and I have eaten there 3 times so far on this trip, yes I said "so far". Lol. I do warn that the fries are HUGE. I recommend ordering a small(half the price and size). Yummmmmmm
5	In my experiance the Las Vegas strip and inexpensive street food has never gone hand in hand. That's was  until my hotel recommended Tacos El Gordo. Tacos El Gordo is located on the no so nice end of the strip, near Circus Circus and the Riviera. Don't expect anything that you might typical find at your average sit down Mexican restaurant. Here you'll find street food, tacos, tostadas, etc. Couple that with a very nice covered outdoor seating area and somewhat limited indoor seating giving you the best of both worlds, street food with a place to sit down and eat. Here will find a very basic menu of inexpensive fare.I can highly recommend the spicy pork and steak tacos, the pork being something special which is sliced off a rotating spit as you order. Tacos while small come over stuffed and sloppy with meat, cilantro, onions, guacamole and sour cream. For sure nothing comes out of a can. If you feel adventurous among other things you have a choice of tripe or beef brain tacos. Just keep in mind the menu is very basic, all items in Spanish with most having English translation. Taco's run $2 each. Service is very friendly and helpful if you have a question. Lines can be long, but move quickly. Here you'll find locals, not tourists. Long lines of locals are always a good sign, and it holds true here. The place is very clean.Bottom line, Tacos El Gordo is the perfect spot for lunch or late night after boozing in a local casino, open until 3:00AM. One of my go to stops in Vegas. These dudes bang out seriously good chow!
5	Don't let the outer appearance of this place scare you away. This is NOT Las Vegas chic, but the food is great and very inexpensive. Whenever I am in Las Vegas I make it a point to visit this place at the "rough" end of the strip.
4	Carne asada tacos pretty good... Carne asada fries the best!!!!!!!
2	Go with someone who speaks spanish. Food was good but had no idea what the heck was going on. I didn't even know where to stand. What the hell did i  even order. Greasy greasy greasy food. I love greasy fries and burgers, but this was extreme. I mean your mouth gets a grease coat every time you bite into the carnitas. Gnar man... super gnar.Expect Stomach problems if you don't eat a lot of greasy food.
4	These are the best, freshest tacos I have had in Las Vegas. It is ALWAYS packed in here and the food is ALWAYS good. I HIGHLY recommend:1. Carne Asada quesadilla - PACKED with steak on a soft thick tortilla with lots cheese, pico and guacamole.2. Buche tacos - pork stomach that has been simmered for HOURS until tender and highly seasoned. 3. Spicy pork taco - cut right off the spit fresh for you.They also add grilled pineapple at your request. Excellent4. Tongue taco - seasoned and tender. I personally think these are BETTER than most of the tacos I had in Tijuana. But the sign here says they are from Tijuana so I must have missed them. Hard to remember anything in Tijuana actually. I could have ate here and just forgot from all the tequila I drank while I was there. Who knows?!This place is open TWENTY FOUR HOURS!!!
4	I was misinformed about where this place was located and ended up walking 20 min more than I thought I would have to. However, the walk was worth it and I was quite pleased with the tacos here! I am always in the mood for some tacos and Tacos El Gordo has a good amount of options, except they don't have chicken, which is the lamest kind of taco you could get anyway.... You basically stand in line for the kind of meat you want and it could get a little hectic, so brace yourself. I got 2 carne asada tacos, which I thought were a little too dry, 1 head meat taco which was super tasty, and 1 spicy pork which was delicious!! This place is worth a visit if you're willing to make the trip here!! The food is good and cheap compared to most of the places on the strip.
5	SOOOOO legitThis spot is a transplant from Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico.  I had something that is called a "Vampiro" from a street vendor in East LA a few years back and was never the same.  They were some of the most amazing secrets of Mexican food I had never discovered up till then.  Sadly the vendor was robbed at gunpoint, not having enough money to buy new equipment.  It can never be as good as those original Vampiros to me, but thank god I have come across somewhere I can find them now this side of the border.  Just order them, don't even worry about what they are.  I am sure many have given the description in their review.  Also, the al pastor vampiro which are also called adobado.  The line for this meat is long and dedicated given the amazing taste of the meat and you will see the line form behind the giant rotisserrie for the pork, capped off with a whole pineapple on top which allows the juice to drip all over the meat.
4	Great great great tacos. I hope they keep up the great service after the expansion.
3	Cheap, fast, taco place. $2.00 street tacos, $4 quesadillas, and $5 half order fries (with meat) or $10 for full order. OK, so $2.00 isnt exactly CHEAP for street tacos, but this is near the strip and nothing else is that cheap around the area. i had the spicy pork taco which was good and we shared the half order of fries with pork. i dont know what kind of creamy white sauce they put on the fries, but it was really good. the best part of the experience was the lady helping us with our order. you're suppose to just walk up to the counter and order from the cooks, but one of the ladies came up and asked us if we needed help ordering. she explained almost the entire menu to us (which is pretty small) but as indecisive as i was, she was very patient with me and waited until i finally decided on my ONE taco.the worst part of the experience (this is more for the BF), is that he had an upset stomach later that night from his two tacos and fries. :(
5	The best tacos in the world just like ones in tijuana if you are in vegas you have to come here  Tacos al pastor and tacos de tripa  the best
4	Loved this place! Just north of Encore on Las Vegas Blvd, it was a cheap $6 cab fare from The Mirage, (ten minute walk back afterwards) The Tacos were out of this world fresh. Meat sliced right into the tortilla from the spinning rotisserie of spicy pork or beef. Topped with fresh homemade salsas, cilantro and onion. The small but comfortable outdoor patio was perfect for the sunny day. We only wish we had gone sooner, not on our last day before heading home! Delicious, and only $2 a taco is a steal so close to the strip. Most delicous and cheapest meal you will find.
5	I have seen this place popping up on yelp and decided to look through the reviews and pictures. I was happy to learn about the 2 separate lines since I would be wanting both asada and adobada and thanks to Nelson Q's picture that I can add pineapple to my taco.The seating inside this location is limited. They have 2 tent type things outside were you can eat. If my memory isn't too foggy this location used to be a taco bell when I was a teenager. The car clubs would hang out in this parking lot and drink etc. Well, the parking lot being ghetto fabulous hasn't changed a bit. Maybe more ghetto then anything. The inside was kinda chaotic. I know it is on the strip so a lot of tourists especially drunk ones are going to want some of these $2.00 crack tacos. They are addicting and delicious! I like that I can get adobada tacos on either side. They have more then one line for the same thing since they get so busy at times.There is a parking lot so if you can find a spot then you can just go back and eat in your car if you can't find a spot at the tables.
5	honestly, bomb tacos for roughly $2!! i was starving and bought 3 tacos and even though they look small, man they are truly filling.even if the lines are packed it goes by relatively quickly, and it really hits the spot.  im sure there are other people here writing ridiculously long reviews so i'll let them do that...so JUST GO IF YOU LOVE TACOS!i also got their flan just because and it was pretty dang good, i think it was around $2 as well for a nice slice.
5	Tony The Tiger.. GGRRREAT!!! I will go back!
4	The only place from keeping this place from being the bomb is HOTTT sauce.  Pork checkSteak checkStomach checkSMALL fries check, yes the small is more than enough!!!This will soak up all the booze after a long day and night of drinking.Did I tell you I was here twice in 26 hours???
5	I've been to this location several times! The food always hits the spot! I like that they got some REAL tacos in this shiznit! I ALWAYS order the tripe, beef brain & pork stomach. Food will never let you down. There were some drunken times where we drove 25 minutes to get there because we were craving their tacos!Awesome drunken or sober food. Take your friends and family there but NOT a first date! Comprende?Stay awesome my friends.
4	THIS IS A GEM OF A FIND ON THE STRIP!Once you are all buffet'd out and are looking to save money without sacrificing quality, then this is your spot! It's perfect walking distance from the Riviera and the Wynn. These guys are open late into the early hours especially on fridays and saturdays. They have some booths inside but most of the seating is located outside in two decent sized tents which you cant miss if you're driving by on the street. On cold nights they have those gas powered heating elements for those of you that think Vegas doesnt get that cold.The parking is decent and on some nights you have street racers meeting up here just to hang out. Im suprised this location doesnt have an armed security guard like the Charleston location.As for the food, the three most popular items that I usually get here are the El Pastor tacos, Carne Asada tacos, and the Adobado Fries. The tacos are 2 bucks a pop and the Adobado Fries are 5 bucks for the half order and 10 bucks for a large order (the half order is virtually a meal in itself!). You have the option of having everything on your tacos and fries at no extra charge. These are the guacomole sauce, onions, and cilantro for your tacos. For the fries you can get sour cream, guacomole, and extra cheese. You can even ask for grilled green onions and jalapenos on the side. Also you can have them put grilled pineapple bits as well, BUT YOU HAVE TO SPECIFICALLY ASK FOR THESE so if you dont than they will not give it to you. That's why I love these guys, no extra charge for all those mentioned above.I also like this place better simply because of the fact that they have TWO service stations meaning they have twice the amount of food servers and cashiers (yes they take cards and there is no minimum) which equals faster service although on really busy nights you cant tell. Plus, it seems that they speak better english here than the other location. http://www.yelp.com/biz/tacos-el-gordo-las-vegasIf you are up for it, there is another place that serves an even better El Pastor. They are a couple miles away on Charleston just down the street from the other Tacos El Gordo. They are called Taqueria El Pastorcito. When you go East on Charleston, look for the trailer with the bright lights on the left side of the street just right before Los Tacos on the right side.  http://www.yelp.com/biz/taqueria-el-pastorcito-las-vegas#query:Tacos%20El%20Pastorcito
5	This spot is closer than the original on the East Side. And just as good! Some might say the original spot is BETTER but I think both are delish! ADOBADA FTW!! NOTHING beats this!! We tried another spot, Taco Taco Mexican Eatery. We even did a side by side tasting! TACOS EL GORDO FTW!!! Yeaaaaaaaah! Cheap delicious eats! I wish they had ELOTE though!
4	$2 dollar tacos on the strip? AWESOME!!! I tried to place recently due to the rave reviews on yelp. I was pleasantly surprised! I come from Los Angeles, and know all about "King Taco" and "El Taurino" and been to taco places in Mexico itself. I would say this place is in the same category as "El Taurino" if not better. Their Adobada (spicy pork different from Al Pastor style) with everything on it, is my favorite! I can eat 6 of these easily lol. I tried the "Taco el Lengua" (cow tongue) and was thrown off a bit. (I love cow tongue in Japanese and Korean BBQ) but the taco version is a little... well tastes like a mushy tongue lol. I wouldn't order that again.Avoid this place on Friday nights and Saturday nights unless you want to deal with dozens if not a hundred drunk loud clubbers who are literally throwing up outside in the parking lot... :( Also their "Horchata" and other mexican drinks are not made fresh or from scratch.  (kind of a bummer really), they use the mixed syrup machine dispensers. I guess I'm spoiled because where I come from the Horchata is always made fresh daily.This is my go to spot for late night tacos after work. If you are just visiting, I definitely recommend this place if you are a taco lover such as myself.
5	Whenever i'm on the strip and I've had too much to drink this is a must. Chorizo fries are delicious.
5	Oh my god.... Go here. My only error was I forgot to ask for pineapple. Soooo good. Vampiro was meaty and messy and fabulous. The taco adobodo (? Al pastor) was moist and flavorful and I love the white sauce, the carne asado with and without nepalitos, perfect with a healthy squeeze of lime... The nepalitos, as a gringa, I would probably cut it into smaller bits, the slab of cactus was a bit much, but I liked the flavor addition. Yum, yum, yum.... YThe flan was rich and creamy and 4 tacos and flan set me back $15- oh and horchata too. Perfect for dinner back I. The hotel, then breakfast and lunch the next day.... Check it out!
4	There are a ton of reviews that capture everything you need to know about this place.  Get the lengua, by far the best tongue taco I've had.  The pork is great as well, the sauce they put on for you is perfect, and the warm pineapple sliver tops off a great taco.The Campechana fries (1/2 pork 1/2 steak) are a must, although they will put you to sleep within an hour of consuming.  The smoke flavor is very prominent in the meat when served on top of the fires, flirting with overwhelming.Ate there 2 times in the same day, that should speak for itself.
5	Yes, 2 dollars/street taco is a little steep. But it's still cheaper than most food places on the Strip.I ordered 2 carne asada and 2 spicy pork tacos. then i went back and ordered 2 more spicy pork tacos.  If I were to go back I'd order 6 spicy pork tacos.Maybe I've been on the East Coast for too long but after the first bite of the spicy pork taco I felt like weeping for joy.
4	This place has everything if you love Tacos!! Cheap tacos, great location, and the meat is great and seasoned just right!! These are true street tacos! This is no place for someone who is health conscious, no fish and no chicken (at least none I saw) 100% beef  and the cilantro, salsa, onion, lime.. just perfect. I had the asada and chorizo... delish.
5	Oh em gee.  Beware!  $2 tacos will make you an addict!  My ultimate favorite taco is the Tripa; extra crispy.  It's a crispy crunch when you take your first bite that ends in a nice melt in your mouth experience.  Super flavorful, tasty, and fulfilling.  It has that dense flavor that can only allow for a couple.Mix the Tripa taco with a nice Al Pastor and Carne Asada and you're good to go.  All the tacos here pack some real flavor, and to me is considered the closest thing to really good Mexican food in all of Las Vegas. There is a good size indoor eating area, and a better sized outdoor eating area, and a big enough parking lot off the strip.  So it's actually easy to get up in this place and have some good ol' cheap but really awesome tacos!
5	DATE/TIME: Wednesday, August 22, 2012 // 2:15 PMPRICE: $10-$15/person (Around $2 per taco.)VALUE: Delicious, cheap, a total win for the taste buds and the wallet.AMBIANCE: Virtually non-existent. Can get pretty crowded on weekends. You come to a place like this strictly for the food. CHANCE OF RETURNING: 100%___________________________________My new favorite spot for late night cheap eats on the Strip. If we had one in the Bay Area, I'd definitely be going on a regular basis. The tortillas are hand made and the meat is juicy, tender, and well-flavored. Tacos el Gordo is a favorite amongst locals and well-informed tourists alike, and for good reason.Favorites: Adobada (Spicy Pork), Suadero (Beef Shoulder), Lengua (Beef Tongue), Tripa (Tripe).
5	What can I say about this place that hasn't all ready been said. I went to this because of yelp, usually I make a list of the top places in Vegas to go eat at, but I usually get side tracked you never know what's going to happen over there so one day at midnight me and my wife went after a show I was thinking I need to budget after hitting up the fine dining spots so we went here all I have to say is that we showed up at midnight and the next day we where back at 9 am for round two the tacos are Bomb. The tacos al pastor are authentic, I don't care how much you think you know by going to places around the world and having the best tacos this place is good and original. This place started in Tijuana and moved to San Diego and is booming in Vegas. I live in the high desert and think about taking of to Vegas just grab some tacos all the time. If your going to Vegas on a budget don't go but if you end up going hit this place up. Don't forget to ask for some grilled onions and chiles and burnt tostada all that is complimentary.
4	I am so happy that I found this place. Located just down the street from Circus Circus at the end of the Las Vegas strip stands Tacos El Gordo. This is a real down to the basics taco joint. You've got the traditional carne asada but also head and tongue. We got the Asada along with their fries which is covered in asada and guacamole. Delicious! This is perfect for a quick snack or even better after a late night out. Will gladly go here again next time we are in Vegas.
5	I live in a Spanish neighborhood, in Queens, and eat tacos from a stand run by old Latino ladies. These are the best god damn fCuking tacos I've ever had in my life. I want to go back to Vegas--yes for the gambling, yes for the shopping, but really, it's so I can have the lengua taco again.
5	The best Tacos in town!
5	Came here twice (some guys three times) with a bachelor party for my big brother in the same day.  Inexpensive, quick, and hit the spot.  Reasonable walking distance to Palazzo if you're staying there and worth every penny.  Wish they had one of these near my hometown.
5	even if this place cost 3x as much, i'd still give it five stars. adobada taco was excellent.
4	One tell tale sign of a restaurants authenticity is when people in their own community support it.  Tex mex is so popular, and luckily for us Tacos El Gordo serves up truly legit Mexican.  Outdoor and indoor seating is available, but when you are from Canada and you have the opportunity to dine outdoors in March, you take it.  The ordering process is slightly confusing.  Upon walking in to the restaurants, there is a cashier, and you would think that you pay first and then order, wrong.  Instead you go in the designated line, for steak, pork, etc, order, and then you pay.  It is amazing to watch the food be completely prepared for you form scratch in minutes.  On your way to pay, their is an additional toppings bar that was stocked with limes, radish, etc.  We ordered 6 tacos and paid $12 for two people, where most of the fancy restaurants on the strip that is the price one cocktail.  I am a self admitted taco snob, just because i have had so many legit tacos.  These tacos rate up their with some of the best.  They come on corn or flour, but for me their is only one option, corn is a must.  For the carne asada, the meat was tender, and they chop and cook it on the flat top seconds before putting it on a tortilla with onions, herbs, and guacamole.  It had so much flavour without being too hot, it was extremely fresh, my one complaint was that there was too much guacamole.  The pork taco again had so much flavour  from the cilantro, it tasted so bright, and with a squeeze of lime i was totally satisfied.  Both tacos had a good base of extremely flavourful meat, they didnt need to be topped with a million ingredients to make them taste great, they were simple, authentic, and boasting with flavour.Overall i loved Tacos El Gordo, they make a lot of las vegas residents and tourists happy with an amazing product that they dish out hundreds of times daily.  My only complaint was the whole ordering process, the cashier was helpful, but i am sure she tires of telling people where to line up.  One suggestion would be more signage.  I cannot wait for my next visit, i might be more adventurous next time.
5	Let's be real... I love me some tacos and I'm gordo!  This place offers delicious tacos at really cheap prices.  The lines are never too long and there is plenty of parking outside.  When you are tired of hitting up the buffets at the casinos, drop by this spot...
5	I don't know what else to say besides the fact that I've never tasted better tacos! One word: Adobada!  Oh my goodness yes!
5	BEST tacos ever!!  Literally!  Every time I make a trip out to Las Vegas, I have to stop by this taco joint!  By far the best tacos everrrrr!!  There are usually a line out to the door, but that's a given since its simply the best!  There is also a taco salsa which is great! The workers are always so nice, but very pushy, only because everyone is ready to chow down on their tacos!
5	Best tacos in Vegas. Do yourself a favor. When the taqueros ask you, " con todo?", say YES!
5	Hands down, the best tacos around! This location has expanded recently. They took over the suite to the right side of them so it made my last experience less hectic with faster order lines and more seating. The outside patio has double in size also. Onto the food. Ooh...Mee...Gee! The adobada (spicy pork) is to die for, carved off a huge slab of flavored pork rotating inside of a flame roasting cooker. Every bite was bursting with flavor and the green guacamole cilantro sauce on top just made it that much better.  If you rather op for something other than tacos then no need to worry. They offer other items on the menu like tostadas or quesadillas. I also love the nacho fries with either adobada or carne asada meat. For those of you that can't decide between the 2 then make it a half and half. Mmmm....I could just smell the food now. DROOL!
5	Second visit to Vegas, and this is the first place we went back to.  It's awesome!  Must try the VAMPIRO, a tostada with cheese and special salsa. Love this place.
2	Not impressed. I had 4 tacos.. 2 spicy pork.. 2 tongue.. so disappointing. I think most reviewer's must recall these on the tail end of a Vegas Strip drunk. Probably the bomb after all nit w your drunk on. Sober.. I seriously prefer Taco Bell. Wow! That's ugly..lol..
5	Great find on Yelp!  I suggest you bookmark this one for you next trip to the strip.
5	If you are ever in Vegas, you must visit this one magnificent Taco place.  :-)
5	I tried this place in San Diego and they have it in VEGAS! After partying it up at XS, stopped by here to pick up some Adobada (spicy pork) tacos, carne asada fries, & a large horchata, hustled into the hotel room and started devouring these foodgasmic tacos. (Just sprinkle in some lime juice & hot sauce... tastes best mixed in with their green sauce). They use fresh potatoes for their carne asada fries and their meat is so tender & smoky.... OMG best thing ever especially when you need some hangover food haha.
5	this place is the Bomb. Tacos just like from Mexico. now it's larger since they expanded the side to the left.
2	We ate here for lunch this week while in Vegas.  I was inspired to go here by the great reviews but we have had much better here in Atlanta.  The ordering process was so disorganized.  You go in and the cooks ask you what you want.  Then, you have to go to the cashier in a separate area and tell her what you ordered.  The people behind the counter forgot a couple of things we asked for. We ordered steak quesadillas and an assortment of tacos. The meat itself was good.  However, I could not taste any cheese in the quesadillas.  Also, you have to ask for salsa instead of it being included in the salsa bar most mexican fast food places have.  The salsas also were not very good.  No heat and lacked flavor.  Almost any mexican will tell you that it's the salsas that make or break a taco. Also, the cooks were openly cursing which is not good when you have kids with you.
4	After Baker to Vegas this weekend, my husband and I hit this place up for a good and cheap dinner.  We were covered in dust and looked like desert rats, but the mixture of clientele at Tacos El Gordo was less than judgmental and I felt quite welcome.The restaurant (on a Saturday night around 8ish) was brightly lit and chaotic with patrons.  The long lines meant a long wait, especially for adobada, which is much, much better than the carne asada, which is good but not great.  The homemade tortillas are about the size of your palm.  A taco with everything comes with meat, onions, cilantro, lime, salsa and a smooth avocado sauce that wasn't exactly guacamole.  I also had a quesadilla, which is the same thing as a taco but with good white cheese stuck to the tortilla and a fried tortilla on top.  Order your tacos first, then go pay at the cashier to get your cups for drinks.  There's a soda machine and an horchata machine, the kind with the happy face logo that says "Ole!"The fries with meat (carne asada, adobada, or a mixture of the two which is called campechana, I think) is a three-pound box filled with everything your cardiologist doesn't want you to eat.  Cheese, fries, crema, meat.  You can share this among four people and you will probably still not finish it.Tacos are two dollars each.  A meal with a drink will be about $10-12 dollars, which is a lot for a taco joint.However, the people watching is first-rate.  Besides Mexican families and the occasional adventurous Midwesterner, customers include hotel workers, drunken frat boys, and honest-to-goodness prostitutes.  At the table next to ours, there was a lively and profanity-spangled discussion in Spanish about the true definition of a chilango.  On the patio, a group of young men in their early-twenties with matching vests and threaded eyebrows fortified themselves before a night of what would no doubt be the liberal distribution of rohypnol.  All of these people and more you will find at the Las Vegas Strip Tacos El Gordo.  All united in taco solidarity.  This is a good place.
4	We frequent the Charleston location of this chain on almost every trip, but this was our first opportunity to dine here.  The restaurant is located in a run down shopping center that I would normally avoid, but we were here for the food.  Prior to entering, we noticed a large tent immediately outside the door with tables which was packed with diners.  Additional seating is available inside. We encountered long lines and slow service, but the food was excellent.  We shared our standard meal of 4 adobada street tacos and a pina colada, non alcoholic drink.
5	Spicy pork tacos are a must try!!! The best $2.00 tacos money can buy.
4	Cheap and delicious! The lengua (beef tongue) and adobada (spicy pork) tacos stand out compared to the other offerings.  This is a legit Mexican place....none of this chicken taco shenanigans.  Just the scary stuff and pork/beef! I ordered for me and the BF...but before he got there I ended up eating his tacos too....3 is not enough even for a little Asian girl....so make sure you order plenty!
5	tacos al pastor are the best!!!! make sure you ask for pineapple and the tiny tostadas
5	Anybody who doesn't give this place 5 stars was either drunk as a skunk when they went there and therefore couldn't enjoy the food or just doesn't like good fresh mexican food at an incredible price.Come on........pork tacos at two bucks each. It can't last, but I sure hope it does.
5	Okay so this place is on the run down north end of the strip between the Rivier and the Encore but oh is the food wonderful.  I am a big fan of authentic mexican tacos made from the cuts of meat you do not get everywhere.  The sudero and cabeza tacos were fantastic.  The meat was good even with the little bits of fat.  The campenchana fries were also well worth the money.  You can find fancier americanized mexican food in Las Vegas but this is the real deal.   Tacos run about the $2 a piece and the meat covered fries run about $10 for a large order.   It gets busy in this place but there is a reason for that.  I cannot wait to go back on my next trip.
4	For everyone who doesn't have the luxury of living near the San Diego/Mexico border, you can now get your Tacos El Gordo fix in beautiful Las Vegas.  For the uninitiated, it is absolutely worth visiting if you are a fan of authentic Mexican food.  Just beware of the ridiculous lines during lunch and the silly ordering system that works in theory but fails miserably in execution.When you get there, you'll see that there are multiple lines for each of the meat stations.  Each station is supposed to be dedicated only to a particular type of meat or meats, but the lines aren't labeled and it's more of a free-for-all to get to the front than anything else.  To further cause problems, people will wait in one line (carnitas for example), but when they get to the front they order something that's supposed to be from another station (asada for example).  This causes delays because the guy at the carnitas station will have to ask the guy at the asada station to make something for the guy who stood in the wrong line in the first place, which causes both lines to get further backed up.  Confused yet?  Yeah, it's a big mess.But let me save you the trouble of having to wait in multiples lines.  I've tried pretty much all the meats, and I can confidently say the only meat that really makes this place unique/special is the adobada (spicy pork aka al pastor).  It's frickin' delicious!  The meat has a perfect balance of crispiness and juiciness, and is packed with salty sweet flavor.  Whether you get it in a taco, tostada, quesadilla or whatever, I guarantee it will be good.  The other meat choices don't even hold a candle, but you can wait for them if you want.  You've been warned!
5	Man, I missed Tijuana and their taco stands all over.  Then I walked in to this place and I was transported there.  I loved it. As authentic as it comes.
5	The last time I was here I do not remember much lol. I think I fell asleep but I remember the last time it was a lot smaller. I came this time and business must be booming because its completely remodeled now! Its pretty nice now. and will accommodate more people. Went here on a Sunday night with my girlfriend so it wasn't very packed at all. Their ordering system is a little confusing but the food made up for it. I usually hate Tacos with guacamole but these absolutely changed my mind about that. I had the carne asada tacos and they are delicious!
5	Oh my goodness....THIS...is freaking amazing!!!! Pretty much every review below mine has covered everything. From the price, the flavoring and taste of these tacos....I know I'll be addicted to these. I've already gone twice in the past week alone.Street tacos to the max! Small in size but packed with flavoring.This is located on the Las Vegas Strip, so all your drunk tourists can stop by here after a night of drunken nightclubbing and sober up with these tacos.For you So Cali peeps: You know King Taco? Yeah...that infamous place with bombass carne asada tacos. Well....TACOS EL GORDO is giving King Taco a run for its money. Maybe this surpasses King Taco. Who knows? I'll let you decide. So if you had KT before, you got to try these tacos out!!!!!! These won't disappoint, I promise.
5	Seriously awesome taco shop! We had the tacos de adobada (spicy pork), asada (steak), and suadero (beef shoulder). The pork was my fav!!! We also got the grilled onions and peppers, and paletas for dessert! Mmmm gotta try this place if you like tacos!
4	This place was a clusterf@*k when we checked it out at 1:00 am on a Saturday night/Sunday morning.  I guess we sort of beat the post-clubbing crowd, but even then there wasn't any type of organization to the lines. I found this spot on Yelp because I was looking for a late night eatery that won't cost me an arm and a leg in Vegas.  Yes, Tacos El Gordo fit the "affordable" bill, but I just wish they had signs for each line that was semi-forming inside the restaurant.  The tacos were certainly legit -- they had the typical carne asada and steak, but also served innards like stomach and tripe and brains and tongue.  The servers were friendly and fairly quick.  I enjoyed the tongue taco the most.  I'll probably be back but not during their peak hours, which is anytime between midnight and 4:00 am.
3	The place is very inexpensive and the service was lively and entertaining, the one guy behind the counter could do a plate every minute it seemed.  The tacos were ok.  The meat i got was so-so; pork was better than the beef.  But I enjoyed the atmosphere which is well described in other reviews.
5	We loved the authentic food. Fast. Clean. Hospitable.
5	What can i say! The food speaks for itself, I go here at least 4 times a month thats every Friday night! The best authentic Tijuana flavor you've ever had! I Love Tacos El Gordo! Everything was so great! Service, atmosphere, cleanliness, it's all there plus the bomb ass Mexican foods!, Thanks and I hope this helps!
3	Fairly solid place when compared to the mecca (So Cal.).  We tried most of their meats, including brain tacos.  Everything was good if not great.  The ordering is a little confusing and one needs to be assertive to get the attention of an expediter.  The only thing that is sadly disappointing is the hot sauce.  They put a a couple of tablespoons on each taco, but if that doesn't suffice then you ask for more at the register.  The reality is don't bother.  It is bland and doesn't do anything for the plates being served.Adobada was a little on sweet side.  Carne Asada had a nice grilled smell and taste.  Lengua and Cabeza were spot on.  Sesos were a first for me and were quite delicious.  It is in a mexi part of Vegas which is good.  I would return but am still on the hunt for more Mexi-Vegas places.
5	If I keep eating the delicious tacos at Tacos El Gordo, I'll become even more gordo myself.  Tacos El Gordo are the most authentic tacos this side of Tijuana, wait a sec ...
4	Just like TJ baby!! This place has thee BEST authentic Mexican Taqueria. I recommend everything on the menu.  Minus one star because of their ordering system though; very confusing, unfair, and unorganized.
5	Sooooo amazing!!! El pastor tacos with that green sauce mmmmmm.
5	Best tacos on the Las Vegas Strip. Tacos El Gordo is like a pyramid scheme. My friend took me here once, I got addicted to it then I started to bring my friends. After my friends tried it, they bring their own friends to try it. The foods are good and they open late. If you have a mid-night hunger, picks Tacos El Gordo over Taco Bell!!
5	You know the tacos are good when you only see Mexicans eating there.  I ordered the beef brain, beef head, and cow tongue tacos.  The cow tongue tacos here were hands-down the BEST tacos lenguas I've ever had in my life.  It was too spicy for me (you can ask them not to put the sauce on), and I still thought they were super delicious. I love cow tongue tacos, and these were really the best ever.  Tacos cost around $2 each, with the exception of the tacos lenguas, which were $2.25 each.  Worth it!  My brothers got the spicy pork tacos, and they said those were the best they ever ate.  They also have a bunch of other things like cow tongue fries, sopas, and other traditional Mexican foods, but I'll save that for next time.  Yep, go to this place.  Cheap good food, and it's enough to satisfy your stomach.
4	Tasty food made fairly authentically.  The cut the meet in front of you, make the tortillas from scratch and offer you a friendly smile as they serve you.  The food is really good...not the best mexican I ever had, but certainly a dependable option if you want to get away from the mainstream vegas joints off the strip.
5	The best adobabo ever.  I have had Mexican food all around Southern California and this place by far has the best.  Crispy and soft... hmmm.  Both in a taco and on fries, you just can't go wrong.  This will be a must visiting everytime I am out.
5	I haven't been to their location in San Diego, but this place is LEGIT. SOOOOOOO BOMB. Worth the wait in line for sure. Forget about the buffets, the PHO joints off the strip, forget all of it! Tacos El Gordo FTW!!!! I ordered carne asada and spicy pork my first time and after having the spicy pork, I completely forgot about my carne asada taco. The carne asada fries are also delicious. I just stated salivating thinking about these tacos and fries.
5	Best tacos in vegas. Tasty. N there open late a plus.
5	I am rarely on the Strip so I usually get tacos at their E. Charleston location. Nonetheless, on the remote chance that I have been drinking on the Strip, this is the place to come to soak up the alcohol. The only downside is that there will be a hundred more drunken people (likely more drunk than you btw). Each time I come here I find that they've taken over more space, pretty damn impressive.  I come here and order one thing only, the tacos al pastor. They are the bomb, seriously. Order six, you'll thank me later.
5	I absolutely love this place.  My must-have is the tripe taco - hands down thee best of the bunch.  This is the dish that I always order. The tripe is crunchy, yet chewy.  It may be a bit oily but that's what happens when it's deep-fried before it's minced and served. If you decide to get this or any other taco, tostada, burrito, or nachos, just make sure to get everything on it, else it just won't taste right.  You can also ask for some free sauteed scallions and peppers, which are actually quite good as a side with your dish.  Their horchata is pretty damn good, too - none of that powderiness that lingers in others's mix. This place gets pretty packed, espcially on weekends and nights.  I couldn't imagine it any other way, though.  Well, actually I can, but it's on the strip, and the place has great food and for very decent prices. Regardless if you are drunk, coherent, strolling around the area, or hungry for some Mexican food, check this place out.
5	Best EL PASTOR tacos ever!
2	i had such high hopes for Tacos El Gordo and i left extremely underwhelmed after my recent late night/early morning meal here :( with such high ratings and raves from friends, i knew that when we were at encore for nighttime festivities that a stop at tacos el gordo was a must! its a short walk from the encore and the strip mall is so brightly lit that you wont miss the place haha. came around 130ish and it was already packed with people! i wasnt feeling too adventurous so i didnt want to try any of the 'crazy' stuff like tongue haha...so i went with one of my all-time fave dishes - carne asada fries ($10)! these fries just didnt live up to the hype and i've definitely had better in OC and SD :( the carne asada tasted bland and the guacamole didnt seem fresh like it just came out of a package. i tried a bite of my friend's adobada taco and did enjoy that better since the spicy pork had more flavor. overall though i just left here disappointed...maybe i should give it another try when im drunker haha
1	Found a hair in my burrito!!
5	This place serves the best Mexican food I have ever had!  Can't skip on the Carne Asada Fries and any of their tacos!
5	This place is awesome!! It was as if my grandma and aunts were back there cooking for me ( and I know they weren't because they are in my hometown not cooking for me) I had six tacos de lengua (cow tongue, dont turn your face all wrinkled either cuz that stuff is good, try to expand your palate you simp). Anyhoo, I will be going back there again.
4	This is located right next the Ross, just after Cathedral Way (past the Wynn). You can't miss the hoards of people meandering in and out of here. It's fast, cheap and good. It's got this interesting set up of 3 different counters all serving up different things on the menu, although some of the menu items repeat. So you really should know what you want to get before you stand in line somewhere. I was sober and had 4 years of high school Spanish and I was still having a hard time figuring out where to stand and what I wanted to order! You will see all sorts of people in all sorts of dress, here, a true testament that affordable good food draws the masses. In the 30mins we sat and ate, I saw suited up limo drivers and casino security, folks in medical scrubs, construction workers, migrant workers, families who look like they just came from a quincinera, UNLVers, clubbers....and us tourist from HI in our slippers looking for a proper taco that doesn't cost $4 each.At any rate this place is so convenient to the strip and my beloved Guardian Angel Cathedral that it will be a steady freddy everytime I'm in the 702. Pros:-Late hours, cheap, good, easy parking, fast service, good lighting, lots of people around, no brainer for a taco fix-SPICY PORK. Yup...that's the one. -One order carne asada fries can seriously feed 4-6 people. Watching them prepare it was ridiculous! Seriously, a mound of meat and cheese about 3 inches high just dumped on an entire fry basket of fries. WTH! -There's a parking lot and lot's of open spaces. Cons:-It's ain't fancy and it ain't fragrance free. So you will walk into a place where smoke from meat being roasted and things being fried is visibly hanging in the air. -Seating can be hard to find as it's busy, but turnaround is fast
5	Probably some of the best tacos I have had employees are nice to!
3	I usually eat at this place every single time I go to San Diego, so naturally in comparison it's not as good. But amongst other taco places in Vegas, it's still super good. Only problem is the workers are super slow most of the times that I've gone, inefficient and all over the place. One guy was super rude as he was making the taco. Almost made you want to walk away. But if you catch them on the good day, it's really worth it, and good prices too!
5	Tacos El Gordo blew me away with their attentive staff, impossibly clean bathroom (lots of graffiti, but clean), low prices ($2 tacos), and expectation surpassing food. I had three tacos. Steak taco was the least good. Topped with guac and salsa, interestingly the steak was somehow very smokey tasting despite them grilling it before my eyes. Had the flavor you'd get if you threw a steak into a barbeque with wood chips. The flavor was good, but seemed out of place in a taco.Spicy pork suffers from false advertising. Not at all spicy. The pork inhabits a vertical spinning spit usually seen at your favorite Gyro spot. It's basically a take on Chinese Char Siu (Roast Pork). They've even colored it red and have a pineapple at the top of the spit which they give a squeeze to every once in a while to keep the sweet glaze going. Quite interesting, although not as juicy as I'd like since they seem to have kept mostly lean pieces.  A shame.The chorizo is their masterpiece. you order it and they cut a link loose and burst the insides out of the casing onto the grill followed by some sauce. I'm at a loss for words, but not appetite. If you want your mind blown, the only word you need to know when entering Tacos El Gordo is Chorizo.
5	Awesome! Authentic delicious and highly recommended by me.
4	This place has the best tacos!
3	They have a confusing system of ordering first at one of the two cooking stations then paying at one of the two cashier stations you hope have an employee at them so you know where to pay. I was so confused for the first 10 minutes I was there. That, and my arm got burned by a fleck of something that came off the grill across the way while I was just waiting for my food. I asked for a cup for water and was given one, but they didn't have a dispenser for water at either of their two drink fountains! I tried pulling the little tab under the Sprite that is normally water, but all I got was super flat and disgusting tasting Sprite. I  was super irritated!Apart from that, the spicy pork tacos are epically amazing and deserve 5 stars alone. I wasn't a fan of any of the other tacos.I soooo had wished my experience would've been better so I could justify going back here for more tacos. Make sure to ask for everything on them, cause the extra additions and sauces make the tacos taste so much better.
4	Best tacos ever!! I got the carne asada tacos and it was so good I wanted more, but I also got carne asada fries so I had way too much food. The carne asada fries were good but I've definitely had better. It was missing pico!! If it had it on there, I think it would have been a lot better. The tacos were SUPER good. I wish I got more and these tacos are only $2 each! (and it comes with guac!). It's kinda at the edge of the strip right after Encore, but don't worry because there are tons of people still walking around at 2 or 3 am! (:*CASH ONLY!
4	Quick eats with generous portions on any hour at a price that's affordable which even makes you crave for more, this place fits the bill!A place that stays open into the wee morning hours located on "The Strip" along the Riviera Resort and Wynn Resort side of the street. Security guards are a common sight, for added feeling of secureness while you eat. Sit out in the outdoor canopied patio on chairs or on the cushioned seating. It sure will satisfy your stomach's need for Mexican cuisine of tacos. At a price of two dollars, five bucks to ten bucks a meal, fill up with all the fixings that goes with the taco you order which is best but, u must ask for it (at no extra charge) are: onions, spicy pepper, guacomole sauce, cilantro, sour cream, cheese, jalapeno, grilled scallion/onion, guacomole (mashed avocado), and even pineapple chunks. The food servers will add it to your order. After receiving your order, you should go to the side dish server and add up with the salsa (green or red pepper sauce), chopped horseradish, chopped onions, slices of lime as you please for yourself.  My Favorite meals is: Taco Al Pastor ("Al Pastor" in Spanish means, in the style of the shepherd. It is a dish of Central Mexico in an adoption of the spit-grilled meat or pork marinated over one or two days with dried chiles, and pineapple as meat tenderizer, thus cooked slowly with gas flame on a vertical rotisserie called a "trompo" which is literally, a spinning top). The vertical rotisserie of pork is an obvious sight and to see the server take cuts or slices of pork from the spit griller. My favorite is the Vampiro (means vampire). This succulent super taco of chile quesadilla wrapped around juicy grilled carne asada (steak) fabulously good meal sounds like an immortality. My vision of it is a steak through its heart; as in a stick through a vampire's heart. Okay, this brings a smile to heart (love) a vampire. Other favorites: Taco de Adobada (spicy pork), Taco de Carne Asada (steak), Taco de Suadero (beef shoulder), Tacos de Lengua (beef tongue), Adobada (red chili-garlic) Fries. But you must try the Taco de Tripa (tripe), Taco de Lengua (tongue), Tacos de Cabeza (beef head), Tacos de Sesos (beef brain), Tacos de Buche (pork stomach) which are exotic fare to munch on. For first-timers, dare it, is delicious! One bebida or drink favorite is the Horchata (a Mexican rice and cinnamon milk-like drink). Other dish on the menu are Quesadilla (a flour tortilla or a corn tortilla filled with a savory mixture containing cheese, other ingredients, and/or vegetables, then folded in half to form a half-moon shape) with meat, Sopes (soup) with meat, Tostadas (meaning "toasted" is a Mexican fried tortilla), Mulas (shredded beef on tortilla with cheese and salad), Carne Asada (steak) Fries, Campechana (seafood) Fries, Taco Azteca (or Nopal Asado, is grilled cactus).Just have patience as you wait in line to get the servers to take your order. With a price and generous portion like it is, you are not the only one lining up for these eats. The strong scent of food that permeates the air is enough to keep you staying in line. Betcha some of the people in line are in it for more. Visiting and eating during early morning hours is quite a feast from one taco to the next. Although any time of the night or day will do. Mexican cuisine at its simple fare doesn't get any better than this! More!
5	ERRRRMAHHHGERRRDDD!!!!Came here with a drunk friend. Yeah, I had to babysit and he was craving tacos. Mini tacos. I don't even know how to explain the deliciousness of these tacos!!! I had the lengua, adobada, and carne asada. Yum, yum, yummy!Best part is that you can bring in alcohol. They give you a brown bag to put it in (I know, how classy is that). Beer + tacos = YUM!!!DO: bring someone who speaks spanish to order for you so they won't mess up your food.DON'T: be belligerent and drunk and be all over the place.
5	Lo mas mejor!!!I haven't had TJ style tacos since probably 2001 and that's a long freaking time! Born and raised in LA with frequent trips to Mexico all throughout childhood and well into adulthood, borderline/street tacos was our breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snack. So it's only natural that this place is what hits home!Super cheap tacos and aguas frescas to wash it all down; I was in heaven. You can get full with $20 as tacos are $2 each! We ordered 6 tacos; 4 de carne asada, 1 de lengua, and 1 de sesos. Lime wedges as well as radish slices were available to complete your meal. No long lines, fast service, ample seating indoors and outdoors, and music playing while you eat! There's nothing else to say than it felt like home the moment I walked in. We'll be coming back before we leave. I need my Mexican fix before I leave Vegas. You will be missed!!!
5	Nothing bears authentic Mexican tacos! I spent 8 yrs in Mexico so I can truly say this is the real thing! My husband is veggie and he had thevveggie quesadilla, spicy! I had 2 asado tacos and one spicy pork  with the lot! Delicious and Affordable!
4	I have been here a few times and can say without hesitation that Tacos El Gordo deserves 4 stars. The restaurant is small with only a handful of tables inside. It has a nice comfortable feel to it which is only made better by the amazingly friendly service that I have received every time I have gone in. Everything I have tried has been excellent but the standout at this point has to be the taco de cabeza. I am a big fan of tacos and I can say that these are the best I have ever had. I have tried 4 or 5 different tacos which have also all been excellent. Tacos El Gordo is exactly what a small restaurant should be. Great service with great food. I really can't recommend this place enough.
4	There is no way that I am the first person to wonder just HOW many people have primarily experienced the magic of Tacos El Gordo buzzed or drunk. Open till 3a on the weekdays and 5a on the weekends, this is a go-to spot for folks with the late night munchies. The place's no-frills menu is the first thing through the door, with tacos being its shining star, offering choices including adobada, carne asada, cabeza for two bucks a pop. There are other items like quesadillas, mulas, and carne asada fries, but you can't go wrong with tacos. Ordering can be a little tough if it's been a few years since you last sang "La Camisa Negra" by Juanes in high school, but the language barrier is minimal. There are several service stations and you can see them slapping on the ingredients in front of your very eyes so you know the STUFF BE FRESH. "Me encantan!"
5	I love this place! In this touristy (read fake) town this is as local as you want for great tacos and good prices! I ordered many tacos ($2 ea/ avg) and was full, but not broke! Carne Asasda, puerco adobada, you name it's authentic! Excellent food!
2	What a disappointment. I can't believe this place has 4.5 stars??!? I feel like I've missed something. Came here on a Friday evening with high expectations as I was in the mood for some good old Mexican food. I guess I can say I'm lucky to have had AMAZING Mexican food from LA, OC, to San Diego and this by far cannot compare. The ONLY item that I would recommend here is Adobada. The other items I tried: carne asada fries (bland, totally NOT WORTH IT), and carne asada taco. However, I'm not that adventurous and they did have cabeza and lengua on the menu. If your into that then maybe those are worth a try! Simple menu. DIRT cheap and fairly clean. There are several lines for you to put your order. Once you've received your food you go back to the register to purchase the items.  After such a disappointment I probably would not go out of my way to return.
4	Drunk munchies after EBC is what lead me to this wonderful establishment.  The best pigouts will always be after beach club when you don't care about how your body looks like anymore haha  With that being said, the lengua fries have definitely won my heart here.  Actually, lengua anything here is good with me.  People always get grossed out when I tell them I like lengua because it's basically tongue, but IT IS SO BOMB.  JUST TRY IT!
5	best dam tacos in Las Vegas
5	Excellent. I am from Omaha and thoroughly enjoyed Tacos El Gordo. There are numerous options for tacos (steak/spicy pork/etc) and all are reasonably priced ($2 a taco). Anyways, there are 400+ reviews for this place and it's clearly highly rated. I agree with this high rating and plan on going back here every time I am in Vegas.
4	Cheap, yum and delicious varities tacos!I love the spicy pork where they cut from the freshly roasted rack!easy access location by bus, abit away from the strip but if u stay at wynn or encore it's totally walkable.
5	El Gordo is as good as they come. I wrote a review for the one in SD and this one is just as good as might even be better because of their excellent service. The service was super friendly and always had a smile on. I was really REALLY impressed with the way they treated us. I personally recommend Adobado because it is simply the best. Watching the guy knife off from the pork that is spinning and then grilling it on the grill until there is some crisp to it with their own made tortilla(which is awesome) and their home made guacomole sauce is simply AMAZING. I'm not even exaggerating how amazing it is but if you're not too into pork then....I really love their Cabeza(which I tried to go to other places) and other places really suck and I thought it was disgusting. Simply they make the best cabeza which I never thought I would like, but it is just so good and drolling here. OF course, the other thing I absolutely love is Lengua. I don't think I had any lengua from other tacos joints to be this good. I just feel like you have the 3 choices which you simply can't forget to get and it's just so amazing.I'm simply drooling from thinking about it right now but I'm just so far away. Oh El Gordo how i miss you so.Perfect Drunk Food NOT TO MENTION :D
4	The adobada tacos are my favorite (pork) sliced to order. If you have a CCW, I would bring it here. Pretty ghetto.
5	Lengua tacos are tha bomb, on fresh handmade tortillas. Pina drink is a nice treat. Line system is a little ridiculous - different lines for different meats - which makes it a pain to try different meats. Carne asada was not as good as the lengua.
5	Buzzed or walking the strip drunk? tacos el gordo is the place to go for a late night craving. All the times I have gone (weekday or weekend) they have been busy. This hole in the wall offers indoor and outdoor seating. They have one of the top street tacos in Vegas. Its located right off the side of circus circus and the wynn. The tacos are $2 a piece and are loaded with meat, salsa, cilantro onions and possibly pineapple if you get the pastor tacos. They also ask if you would like grilled onions and jalapenos on the side. The lines are quick and the cooks don't waste time standing around, if your not ready to order move aside. The roasted and marinating meat are waiting to be chowed down on.
3	Great location right on Las Vegas Bvld! It is even better that It is opened late (i think 24 hrs?). I stopped by after a night of clubbing and drinking. It definitely hit the spot. Possibly the cheapest food on the Strip! Everything was salty IMO. A squeeze of lime made it better. -Cow brain: yes you heard me! Try it. I had cow brain before and this was not too tasty and fresh. I think it lost some creaminess and the flavor was not working for me. Fun to try. Not the best I've had. -Tripe - my second favorite. tripe was clean and tender. -Beef shoulder - my favorite. Beef was tender. -Lengua - It was not good. Too salty. Would I come back? maybe if it was late and I was hungry. Good location but not the best tacos I've had.
3	For the Strip, this is a pretty good option for food. It's a bit out of the way (like a mile from the center of the Strip) and compared to the trucks that abound around LA, the price is high (about $2+ for a tiny taco with only one tortilla if my memory serves me correctly, while LA trucks use two), but the flavor is pretty darn yummy. Try out a few including the cabeza (cow's head), which is tender as can be. The al pastor on the other hand is tasty but a bit overdone. My co-eater pal like the crispiness of the meat--and I can always appreciate meat cooked to the point where I can't feel the fat, but this made it a bit tough to eat... I prefer a little more tenderness. Bottom line: Compared to the mediocre buffets all over the Strip that cause you to indulge to your stomach's limits, this is a quick and easy place to eat just enough while getting some bang for your buck.
5	Best deal ever.  We stayed at the Wynn...but didn't want to pay Wynn prices for the late night munchies.  This place was crazy busy at 2am.  I ordered 2 carne asada tacos w/ everything.  Came with guacamole, too...for $2 each. They had a bar with radishes.  Only complaint is that I'd love to see a salsa bar.  At $2 a pop, I can't complain. They had plenty of seating outdoors. Super yummy and will be on my must do list from here on out.
5	I'm from Los Angeles CA, and even though we have some amazing taco trucks, I think these might just be the best tacos I have had in my life. The spicy pork (adobada) - but called pastor elsewhere, is knock your socks off fantastic. The chorizo and pork shoulder are great as well. I was adventurous and even tried the beef brain (sesos) and the beef head (cabeza). The brain is super unique,. It is extremely tender, almost mushy, and has a nice gamey aftertaste. The cabeza has more of a shredded beaf kind of texture, think pulled pork, but with some gaminess as well. I wouldn't order either again, but they were fun to try.
4	Consider this place DISCOVERED (i.e., busy)!! I came here because of the reviews and I love tacos. When I arrived the line was 20 feet out the door (Monday at noon). I decided to wait it out because I was psyched for tacos de asada. 10 minutes later I hadn't moved. But, I was free today and the folks around me in line were fun. An hour and 10 minutes later, I got my food. All I can say is, it was worth the wait! The tacos de asada were delicious!! They grill the carne asada right there over charcoal. I've never seen kitchen staff working so fast and having so much fun. I love an open kitchen and it helped pass the time. First time I've ever seen someone throw the ingredients for a taco in the air and catch them.. For EACH TACO!  Just FYI (in case you don't speak Spanish), there are two lines... one if you are ordering tacos de asada and another line for everything else. The line for everything else seemed to move faster. If I can make time, I might go back and try the adobada.  Great find, I just wish it wasn't quite so "discovered".
4	Saw this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try while I was in Vegas.  The way to order is really confusing.  There are five seperate lines that lead to a counter where different workers are making food with different types of meat.  The lines are usually out the door so you have to try and stand in the line with the type of meat you plan on ordering and then when you actually get to the front to order you can ask the worker to get you food from the other workers with the different meats down the line.  It gets really hectic because the restaurant gets so packed that there is literally 40 people in a very small space in front of the food counter.  If you are claustrophobic this place will freak you out.  You pretty much feel like a sardine in a can.  The best meat that Tacos El Gordo has available is the ADOBADA (spicy marinated pork meat) that cooked rotating on a spit.  The worker will slice the meat directly into the taco tortilla and add on all the toppings you desire.  The Adobada is a little spicy so if you cannot handle a little heat this might not be for you.  Tacos El Gordo is right off of the strip so its really easy to find.  Parking can be a little difficult at times because it just gets so crowded on the strip.
3	i don't know hooow this place got such high reviews... i think it's over hyped.nevertheless, i wouldn't mind stopping by again when i'm staying at Wynn or Encore.  the tacos are SO much cheaper than what they got in the hotel!! totally worth the short walk from Encore loltheir salsa is fantastic! it makes chipotle's look like a joke.  don't underestimate it though, it's hella spicy! i'm from east coast so i was loving the authenticity of mexican food from southern west coast.  the steak taco is recommended-- i couldn't get myself to try those cow brains and w/e strangeness they were offering.. just a quick note about their quesadillas.. they're not your typical american quesadillas.. it looks something like between a sandwich and a salad.. bottomline--  it's really hard to eat! but yeah, i wouldn't go out of my way for this place even if you love nothing but tacos.
3	What a great place to get some food when you are hungover and need some greasy tacos to ease that headache. Some things are great about this place and others that I could pass on.The place was packed with people so there is a little of a wait for the tacos. There are multiple lines that you order from and only make a specific taco (ie: one line for carne asada tacos, one line for lengua and cabeza tacos, another line for adobado tacos, another for chorizo, etc). So if you want to try different types of tacos you pretty much have to stand in 3-4 different lines. The best way to get a variety of tacos to try here at an efficient rate is to come in a group of 5 and divide and conquer. I spent most of the time standing in line and trying to figure out a more efficient way of running the place instead of standing in multiple lines. You pay afterwards at the two different cash registers when you've picked up all of your food.The best taco was the Adobado (sp?) - spicy pork. Loved it. So tasty and the sauce goes really well with it. The adobado quesadilla was great too. Carne asada was okay but a little tough. I had it with some fries which made it pretty good.The lengua was okay and it was all right with the fries we ordered. The pork shoulder was dry and tough. I would pass on it the next time.So all in all, the spicy pork is the one meat that I would come back here to eat. Props to the place for  having orange bang and all of the other fresca flavors. Free refills too! Great to have on a hot day in Vegas.Seating is limited because there are only so many tables. If you're willing to sit outside in the heat, there is a tented area that has some additional seating.
5	HOLY JESUS!! Preeeeeeeeetty damn close to tacos from the taco stands in Mexico. The Al Pastor is the best, hands down! Not a huge fan of pork but this pork is on another level. ;-) Loved the Lengua (tongue) but was not fan of the Adobada tacos. These Taco Shops are usually always busy but this location in particular is ALWAYS packed because it's on the strip, especially after midnight. The quesadillas are to backflip for! they crisp the tortilla, melt the cheese and add meat-SO DELISH!...try everything you can possibly fit in your tummy!
5	This Mexican place to eat is on the strip at the top. Its close to Encore hotel. Tried the Spicy pork and Asada tacos, and Asada Quesdadilla. They were all delicious! Best taco and quesadilla I've ever had! Very fresh and flavorful. We even ordered to-go for later late night munchies.Fast service and inexpensive. You order first and then go to the cashier to pay.
3	Updated review: 3.5 starsCarne asada fries $10, not worth the price!  Not as good as Alberto's. the lengua tacos are good and very tender. The spicy pork tacos are good too. If I have to compare, the taco truck in pasadena,CA is better, taste wise and price-wise.
5	Tacos El Gordo is the spot . Best tacos in Vegas! It's like they brought  TJ to the strip ! If anyone thinks other wise they must not know what a Great taco taste like. It might be alittle confusing to order and the wait might be long but I'm telling you it's well worth it . Oh and make sure to tip the cook if you want some extra meat! It works every time .
4	Clean, speedy, CHEAP and yummy! Only thing there is no option for chicken tacos. The service was great and accommodating. This was a refreshing option from all the touristy places off the strip. Will return!
5	CARNE ASADA DELICIOUSNESS in my mouth! My friends have been telling me about this joint ever since they came back from their Vegas trip, so I knew I had to check this place out for my edc trip. They have so many different meats you can choose from, but of course I love my carne asada so I got four of those. The meat was so juicy, tender, and well seasoned... Just like how my Mexican babysitter used to make em. The boyfriend had carne asada fries and couldn't even finish a half order...! So beware, if you want their carne asada or any other fries.. Get the half order if you're just eating them yourself! He also had their al pastor taco. He seemed to love both. Workers were very friendly too. Especially since we walked in when there was everyone and their mom from Vegas - lines were out the door! This place goes down in the books for another must stop whenever I'm on the strip!
3	I had HIGH expectations when I came but disappointed after trying the food. - Carne asada meat tasted way too smoky - Carne asada fries are not worth $10! Lacks pico de gallo. Albertos/Albatras/Alertos are way better! + Only meat that was good was abodabaTips*There are different lines for the meat 1) asada 2) adobada 3) lengua, cabeza, etc. *Grilled peppers & onions are free, just got to ask for it. *You might be able to order some carne asada tacos in the abodaba line (just ask the worker if you can add it to your order)
5	Everytime i go to Vegas, i go to this place for sure. These are the best tacos ever. Im from Mexico and they have the closest flavors and looks from the original tacos in Mexico.You can choose from too many different meats: asada,adobada,lengua,chorizo,tripa,sesos. I usually order adobada tacos,they're the best from my point of view. I also order a Vampiro, its like a quesadilla stuffed with carne asada, highly recommendable. They offer free grilled onions and chilli peppers. I also get horchata its ok and not that sweet.If you go to Vegas,this place its a must go. Its very affordable,opens after hours and closes at 4 am in the morning.Tacos are just $2 dlls.....and they are worth it!!!!
5	YUM!!YUMMM!!!!YUMMMMMMMM!!! The best tacos i've had to date! And i've had a lot of tacos. lol. I had the chorizo, pork, and lengua tacos. ALL SOOOO GOOD!! My favorite was the pork... Juicy, perfectly seasoned, the salsa was delicious, everyone was soooooo nice, it was just overall a great choice for a late breakfast/lunch. Very good price!There are many places in vegas to eat and i went to alot of food places while there and i can honestly say this is one of the one's i would religiously return to every visit. That is all!
4	A must go-to on the Strip! Food is awesome, and a great place to try!
5	Best meal I have all weekend in Vegas it beats most expensive buffets
5	excellent tacos, but adobada and head tacos called my attention !!!decent price at $2 dollars most tacos. plenty of meat.only disappointment is that you have to order separately your tacos (eg. asada, adobada, chorizo, etc,and make line separately for different meats, thus first tacos ordered will get cold before you get all your order together,,,,,,, otherwise i'll be perfect !!! worth coming back ... BEST TACOS IN VEGAS  !!!!
5	One of my favorite late night taco spots!I love me some Mexican food, and this spot just happens to be a block away from where I work! The best part is its open really late on the weekends so when I leave the club around 4am I can get my fix of some of the BEST PASTOR TACOS (Adobada) I've had in Vegas. They have several different lines depending on the type of filling you want: Asada, Adobada, and then Lengua,Tripas, etc. and everything is prepared fresh in front of you customized however you like. You can even order off the menu like Nopales (cactus) which is also very good. They even provide you grilled peppers and green onions that you can munch while you wait. I would imaging being drunk as hell would just amplifiy the already super delicious eats here cause I always see a couple people I ended up having to kick out of the club there! Its really busy and loud at 4am and it always makes for a great atmosphere! They have security there too so even if you're scurred don't hesitate to come and get some great food!
4	Food was great, but the other customers were extremely pushy and rude. Luckily, the cook realized they were trying to pass us in line, and told them they were to wait. Very authentic food -- but not enough seating inside. We had to eat outside, and when it's 117 degrees, it's hard to enjoy anything outside. Would visit again...on a cooler day!
5	Best tacos in Vegas! If your ever on the strip and your hungry for tacos then go here. You will not be disappointed.
5	The VAMPIROS are to die for! I went there last weekend with my friends and they introduced me to arguably one of the best mexican places I've ever had the pleasure of eating at. The only question is, what's better Taco's el gordo or Roberto's? They are both awesome and if you like mexican food you should go to both!
4	Legit Mexican at a crazy cheap price.  Yum.
4	This place ain't healthy eating, but the food is greasy-good.   I was suprised how much I liked the lengua (tongue) and the al pastor and adobada were both fantastic.  Good salsa, very fast service at the counter.  My kids and I were the only gringos in the place, which tells me the food is authentic.  I wish they'd open a location out in the northwest...
5	I love Tacos El Gordo, its fresh and simple mexican food.    For ordering stand in the line according to the meat you want, you want pork , stand in the line in front of the huge spinning pork meat on a spic.  Steak stand in the steak line, look for the signs.  When its not busy it doesn't matter, but when this place is rocking, the lines are 5-7 people deep, standing in the wrong line cause issues.  I have had the steak and pork tacos, both are great.   If you are near the Wynn, try this place.
5	These tacos are made from heaven..no really!!! I use to think King Taco from L.A. were the best for a looong time UNTIL tacos de suadero & I cross paths for the very first time...it was like love at first sight.no really! I usually don't eat out much & when I do it has to be amazing balls otherwise I will get sick or not like it. They are a bit greasy but I didn't get sick which means they are not as greasy as Alberto's (gross) t!! ..BTW I can't believe other reviewers are comparing it to Alberto's....Tacos el Gordo is waaaaay better!!!They are made fresh & on the spot! I don't even have words to describe my love for the suadero, I wish I knew more places like this around here.
5	When you arrive here, you could be a little put off by the location. Don't worry, go in and enjoy! These guys are fantastic, and they really make you feel welcomed! Get the pork adobada tacos, infact get 3 and then add a carne asada into the mix! This place is the real deal and is as close to authentic as you will get this side of the border. Can't wait to go back!
5	This place is a MUST when I come to Vegas. Who can say no to delicious, affordable tacos that are available at all the right hours? Perfect for late night bites as well as mid-day snacks/lunch/indulgence.I've tried a good variety, but my favorites are still Beef Tongue and Spicy Pork. Beef shoulder is good, but a little tough and not as tender as the tongue. Brain is an interesting choice, but only if you are a foodie wanting to try new things. My least favorite so far is the tripe - don't get me wrong, I love eating tripe, but this just wasn't the way I liked it. It just tasted too organ-y if that makes any sense.The food in quesadilla form is also pretty tasty... Ahh my stomach GROWLS as I am typing this!
5	5/21: I've been here a few times; every time has been awesome! I haven't been to many Mexican restaurants, although I can't imagine better tacos out there. These tacos are so good, fresh, and cheap...max value for $2 each! You can definitely leave here full and satisfied for under $10. I've had the Spicy Pork and Steak Tacos. The fries are awesome as well. TIP: Make sure you ask for the freshly cut pineapple if you get Spicy Pork! The chefs are pretty friendly as well. I love that you can watch them cut the meat from the rack and prepare your order. I even overheard some guy at the Bellagio say "Tacos El Gordo." The word is out. Just about everyone will love this place! Whenever the weather is nice, sitting outside can be very relaxing while eating these delicious tacos. Amazing food! I want some right now!
4	Delicious and CheapProsCheap and delicious tacosConsA little far from the StripAt $2 per taco, this is well worth it. The Adobaba tacos were nice and spicy, with a tasty aiolle. I walked from the Strip so it took awhile to get there, but I'm glad I did.
5	Hands down the best authentic Mexican meal you can get in Vegas at a good price. After you order your first round of tacos you'll be going back for round two. Tacos El Gordo rivals anything I've had in So Cal the Mecca of authentic Mexican food.
4	best lengua!Beef Tounge Tacos to DIE FOR... Best in WEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Went to this place today. Was a hefty walk to get there.  It is passed Encore a little ways.  As prior reviewers have said, there were long lines and long waits. We had a group of 3 and each person stood in a different line. The one waiting in the asada line didn't get their tacos until like 10 minutes after the other two finished eating. We had to eat outside because there was no indoor seating. Eating in 100 degree weather is not fun. The good part was that we highly enjoyed our meal. I had a tongue, head, shoulder and asada.  I liked the asada and shoulder best out of those. I also tasted the adoboda and chorizo. All three of us were pretty happy with our tacos. I give 4 stars bc of the wait and the fact we had to eat outside dripping in sweat. The food, though, was great. It's also fun watching the guys make the tacos right in front of you.
5	BEST TACO EVER! Adobada Pork!Ask for extra salsa. Ask for the plate of veggies.EVEN BETTER WHEN DRUNK!Right next to the Wynn. They had live music at around 2am...!So SooooooOOOOooo GOOOOD!-Give it a try!
4	The King Taco of Vegas !I love this place. Get the Adobada Pork! The sauces arent as spicy as the King Taco sauces but their sauces are on point. I usually get the tacos. The Carne Asada fries and the Adobada fries were both fails. Stick to the tacos. Its a little off the strip but its worth it. This is the perfect place to come when you're hungover and broke from losing all your money on the strip.
5	Every time I am out until late, this is what I crave before I go home.  They offer all kinds of meats from tripe to tongue, the tacos are small but very tasty and they give you grilled onions or peppers on the side if you ask.  They have this dish called MULAS which is basically a sandwich made of tortillas, with the meat of your choice, cheese, and beans and it is absolutely yummy.Their tripe is pretty good, although I'd prefer it more crunchy!Adobada tacos are AMAZING and the steak are good also.\
3	Maybe I'm too picky but after having eaten at the original place off of H street in San Diego... Nothing comes even remotely close to it. Overall food was ok; priced just right. I say try it you'll probably like it!
5	This place is amazing, and, despite it obviously being a Yelp darling, it never felt like it when I was there.  That's a good thing.  My buddy and I ate there three nights in a row during a recent trip.  Two late, late night trips and one early night trip.  The food was consistently great all three nights.  The tacos are freshly prepared using obviously fresh ingredients and taste delicious.  I can't say I've had better and certainly not in Vegas.  The place draws a crowd, but it's equipped to handle it, and the lines move quick.  Pay for your food, find a seat, and enjoy.  Douches and hipsters, and especially hipster douches, you wouldn't like it.
5	I'm usually very picky about my tacos, but holy shit these guys an gals throw down here!!
5	Being from East Side San Jose, I am fortunate enough to have an array of awesome taquerias to grub at, but this place is the BEST taqueria ever! Thanks so much to my homie, Ruben for showing me the epicness that is Tacos El Gordo. Luckily, the first time I entered with the homie, there was no line so ordering and getting the food was almost instant. However, when I came EDC weekend, the lines were out the door! Nonetheless, this food is totally worth waiting for. The stuff that I have tried here include: Al pastor tacos, al pastor quesadilla, and a half order of carne asada fries.The al pastor meat is seriously the best al pastor I've ever indulged in. The meat is super tender, juicy, well marinated, and overall awesome. I love the nice little crunch the outside of the meat has from the rotisserie cooking process. The al pastor tacos also get some toppings such as cilantro, onion, and a creamy sauce. As for the carne asada fries, the portions are huge. A regular order can feed about 4-5 people and a half order can take care of 2-3 people. The fries are perfectly crisp and are covered with delicious carne asada, cheese, sour cream, guacamole, and some other sauce...drool worthy deliciousness. Not only do they have epic food, but their drink machine options are unique and refreshing. I absolutely am in love with their Orange Bahng drink. Overall, this taqueria is the seriously the best ever.
4	Nearly 500-reviews and a 4.5/5.0 review on YELP for cheap tacos in Vegas? I "had" to try this spot on my last Vegas excursion.=========LOCATION=========It's located at "the edge" of the heart of the Vegas strip in my opinion. I consider everything from like Excalibur to the end of Wynn the HEART of the strip. Sure you've got the Stratosphere etc. if you go down farther but with Sahara being remodeled, there's a deadspot past the Wynn.Anyway this place is RIGHT past the Wynn/Encore, on the Strip, headlining a little mini-mall. Seating is limited inside, BRUTAL due to the Vegas summer heat... and there's a ton of seating outside. Unfortunately the inside is pretty small and the lines tend to make things chaotic.Also adding to the chaos is there's 2 separate PAY AREAS inside, both on opposite ends of the place. They hand you the food cafeteria style BEFORE you pay, which is cool. What I hated was there's 4 stations and depending on WHAT TYPE of taco you want you have to go to the different stations/lines. One for Abogado (spicy pork), one for Carne Asada and Chorizo. Finally a third one for all other things (tongue, shoulder, brain).=========THE FOOD=========~ CARNE ASADA TACO - The steak was seasoned amazingly. It came with an avocado mash and some other great toppings. (5/5)~ ADOBADA (spicy pork) TACO - This was interesting. The meat looked delicious, nice seductive red glaze to the meat. It was pretty good, not amazing. However the green avocado sauce they put on it bumped it up a bit. I recommend adding that sauce on ALL your tacos. (4/5)http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=oCNAyy80KNhlFskH_cio4A&userid=1pgT-Eeh-GIOlhOgHMMRZA~ MULAS - I "think" this was a giant taco with an additional tortilla atop it. (4/5)~ CHORIZO TACO - It was pretty good as well. Torn between giving it a 3 or a 4. They chop up the tasty looking sausage in front of you... and the grounded meat streams out. (3/5)~ QUESADILLAS - These aren't your normal "quesadillas." They are a large taco w/some cheese burned into the tortilla, filled with meat / toppings with a HARD-AS-ROCK CRACKER thing put atop kind've like a hat. It's really terrible. (1/5)=========AND SO.....=========It was a good spot. Definitely a good place to go if you're balling on a budget. Can't beat $2.00 tacos and $4.00 MEAT quesadillas. I think there was a lot of locals here. I'm curious what the VAMPIRO was. My friend MIGUEL Z. thought these were the best tacos he'd ever had. As a tip, ask the person who makes your food for some peppers... they're free and they'll only give em out if you ask. You get a big plate of like 3-4 types of grilled peppers and grilled onions.I will be back...
5	After finding out about this place on a Vegas podcast I listen to (Shout out to the Five Hundy By Midnight Podcast!) I make it a point to come here at least once on my trip.These are hands down the best tacos I've ever eaten. So good!My standard order is usually 3 tacos and a Horchata to wash it all downI highly recommend the pork belly tacos (I usually order at least 2)They have seating both indoors and out (under a tent) and as you can imagine, seats indoors (AC!) in the Summer fill up quick.Tacos are $2 each and a bargain if you ask me.Can't wait to go back and get my Tacos El Gordo fix!
4	Great tacos. Open late. It's a good place to stop by if you're ever hungry and wandering the strip. It's always busy, although they have really fast service in spite of all the business.
2	It was ok. Kinda pricey for what you get. Its at the end of the strip so if your faded its good!
4	Super yummy spicy pork tacos! The locals eat here. The tacos are small so order a few... You order your food first and then you pay.
5	Best tacos I've had in Vegas. The pork tacos cured my slight hangover. I also was deprived from sleep, only slept 3 hours, and after stuffing my mouth with these mouth watering tacos instantaneously my  soul was lifted. Cured my hangover and also gave me the energy needed to overcome another day of partying. Definitely worthy of five stars!
5	The tacos are really fresh. The only problem is the lines, but thats what you get when you have a good product. The Adovada Fries were really good. We need this in LA.
4	The food here is awesome. You can see them making the tortillas right in front of you. I ordered two tacos and a quesadilla. The tacos were on point. Did not disappoint. The quesadilla was ok, but not what I would call a quesadilla. Not a traditional one at least. It was a tortilla with sprinkled cheese, meat on top and a smaller crunchy tortilla on top. To me a quesadilla is a big tortilla with meat and cheese, folded in half. For that, I deducted a star. Customer service was great and so were the prices Only thing I disliked was the lack of available seats. It was so crowded, we had to eat old school style. We placed our trays on the trunk of the car and grubbed.
5	Best tacos in Las Vegas. Los mejores taco en Las Vegas.
5	While at work in the casino some random hotel guest walked up to me and asked me if I knew what time Tacos El Gordo opens in the morning.. I guess I just look like the kinda gal who would know. And who loves Mexican food with all her heart. Anyway two words: ADOBADA. FRIES.If I could eat these every day for the rest of my life and not get fat(..ter) I DEFINITELY WOULD.They freshly shave the grilled spicy pork off of the rotating stack and sprinkle it onto perfectly crispy french fries topped with fresh FRESH guacamole, cheese, and sour cream. Equally delicious whether sober or highly intoxicated. The small size is more than enough for one person. Oh and they close at 3 AM and will not let you in after that time. :( make sure you get there before then so you don't have to resort to Denny's.
5	Long lines worth the wait everthings fresh even handmade tortillas great deal $2 tacos
5	Hold up, Wait . a . minute. Amazing Legit Tacos for $2 each , RIGHT ON THE STRIP?! Yep, that's right. Right by Encore, just a few steps from the taxi waiting area.... you'll find a plaza chock-full of eateries, including Tacos El Gordo. My friends and I tried the Carne Asada and the Pork Adobada (Spicy Pork) tacos, and we were not dissapointed. On a hot day in Vegas, the refreshing horchata helped too. The tacos are topped with this amazing green cream sauce, onions and salsa. It's so simple yet so AMAHHZING. and the homemade tortillas? perfect consistency. I'm definitely coming back here soon, and adding this to my "Vegas Diet" list. CAAA CHOOWW!
5	Is a must whenever I go to Vegas. Love it here the prices are great
5	The pork adobada tacos were the best tacos I have ever had. I tried the carne asada as well - which were good but not as good as the pork.  I wish there was one closer to my house, I may never wonder what to have for dinner again
5	Lines can get long, prices for a small taco is up there at $2+, but this place is totally still worth it!If you're a newbie, I would highly suggest the adobada taco!It's located on the northern side of the strip closer to Circus Circus and the Wynn.
5	Definitely a great spot to go eat at Las Vegas! I went expecting a huge line because of the reviews I had read on yelp.. But the line was actually pretty short! I went around 6:30p on a Sunday. Pros - they make your food right in front of you so you get your food faster.Cons - there's separate lanes for each different type of meat.Oh! And the Adobada fries are MUCH better than the Carne Asada fries from Alberto's.. The meat doesn't have a bunch of fat like the meat in Alfredo's does.. Overall this is a spot to try! I am definitely coming back! :)
5	after moving away from san diego, i always miss tacos el gordo for their amazing sopes. i do not care for the tacos or whatever else they seem to make. it is their SOPES people. all my friends order sopes too, cuz they know what's up! its awesome to know vegas has two locations now!get their carne asada sopes.i repeat, CARNE ASADA SOPES!!!!!!!!!!!!if u dont love it, meals on me. :)
5	I probably have zipped by this place dozens of times and didn't realize what I've been missing. The adobada is the best I have ever had. Hands down the best authentic street taco joint!! The adobada had such deep layers of flavor and melts in your mouth. We had ordered a variety of tacos to see which will be our go to when we return. The carne Asada had a great smoked flavor while very tender like the adobada. I also tried the chorizo and once again I savored ever bite to fully enjoy all of the spice and complimenting flavors. But it was the adobada that was the winner. I would have loved to buy a container of that meat. Open till 5 am this place will be my new late night grub stop.
4	Price is cheep.  Food is ok...
4	I live locally and upon hearing everyone who lives downtown say that Tacos El Gordo is the best, authentic, cheap Mexican available in Las Vegas, I dragged my girlfriend and we stopped in one random Thursday night.  The wait time was long (maybe 45+ minutes) and it is almost cafeteria style in the sense that you walk up with your tray and order your tacos and then pay a cashier before you walk out.  Tacos were better than decent & very fresh, but the Carne Asade fries were heavenly.  Totally cheap, very delicious and when I was the only non-Hispanic standing in line....surely a sign of great Mexican food!  I will go back and drag others to experience this little local gem.
2	The tacos are really good, 5 stars but I am only giving it two stars because of the way you have to order your tacos. Three separate lines for every meat.. I don't see how this makes things go smoother or faster.  We were in line for 45 mins and had to stick with one kind of meat because we were not going to be back in line again.  I'd like to go back next time I'm in Vegas but I'll have to go during the day with hopes that the lines are not as bad as wednesday night.  I wanted to try the Al pastor.. It looked real good..maybe next time.
4	If I am totally craving tacos... and don't mind getting into some 'Las Vegas Blvd.' traffic... COME HERE! Normally, my husband and I come here on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon. It is still a packed crowd, but not as bad as the Friday/ Saturday night crowd. Out of the handful of times I have came, I have only came on a Friday night ONCE! That might be the last time we do that. Don't be fooled by the small appearance of these tacos... they can really fill you up. Order what you can honestly handle. Then if you are still hungry, it will be a matter of "how hungry?" and "how long am I willing to wait?" My go-to items are the pork "adobada" tacos, Steak 'Carne Asada' tacos, and pork sopes. I have tried the carne asada fries, but it is quite overwhelming (and that was just the 'half order'). If you do order the fries... it should be a) the only thing you eat... or b) you are going on a Man vs Food challenge. Tacos are $2/ each. Specialty items (i.e. Sopes) are $4. Seating can be a challenge here (esp. if you come during the Friday/ Saturday night crowd). We ended up eating at the car that night.
5	Seriously the best taco place in Las Vegas. I've lived here for 8 years and I've never found a place as good as this. Roberto's is all right if you're looking for convenience cause there's one on every corner but if you're something top notch it's this, especially their Tacos de Adobada. The only cons are that on certain nights the lines can be super long. I went last Thursday and the line was absurd. My brother and I had to wait 30 minutes and I am not exaggerating. But anyway, it usually shouldn't be like this. If you're looking for quality tacos, this is the place!
5	Wow wow wow.  This place is out of control good.  They even have chorizo tacos that were the bomb.
5	The spicy pork tacos are amazing!!!!!!! This is a must try place in Vegas. Regardless, if the rest of you meals are at 4 star restaurants this place is worth the trip. I only stay at the Encore so its near by but, even if you are staying at Mandalay Bay its worth the trip. I will eat every time I go to Vegas, which always happens at least one time a year.
4	Awesome tacos! The wait can be long, but overall worth the wait. I'm not a big fan of the 'different' meats offered. The steak and pork tacos are great.
4	Finally!!! I made it!!! I went in with Spicy Pastor Tacos on my mind. But when I saw an order of Carne Asada Fries pass by me, I changed course. I got the small order and glad I did because the large would have been way too much.Let me tell you, TEG is some straight up Mexican food goodness! I love this place. The lines were crazy, it was hot in there, families squished in together at the small tables, people hollering across each other - I loved it! And I will be back now that I know where it is. For the past three trips to Vegas, I would make the effort to get to TEG, but could never "see" it.  It is in a sort of strip mall with a small parking lot.  This time, I rode around twice before I spotted it.  And I was rewarded with some really good eats.  (This review was from my July 2013 trip)
5	El Gordo is possibly the most amazing taqueria I have ever been to. It's completely frantic at lunchtime, so know the system: there's one line for the adobada (spicy pork) tacos, one for the other kinds of taco, and a third for everything else on the menu. You're going to want plenty of the divine adobada, full of meat fresh off the spit and garnished with avocado, cilantro, onions, and just a bit of tangy sauce. But you also can't miss the flavorful lengua or the tender cabeza, so your friend should stand in the other line to order those. A third person, if you have one, should grab some limes and radishes and nab one of the picnic tables outside. A happy taco feast will follow.El Gordo is also a late night lifesaver. I think there's like 5 hours in the day when they're not open.
5	Isn't it Always true about the hole in the wall places ..they always serve the best food..best tacos I ever had.. Don't miss the lengua, spicy pork ( order both corn and flour ) , the free side of onion and pepper (its hot)is great...2 people 6 tacos and a drink for $20. Unbelievable !
1	BLASPHEMY!!!I've been eating at Tacos el Gordo in Chula Vista for over 10 years and I'm ashamed this place is here.People eating here must be DRUNK or something.You guys don't even get a star. You guys get a FART from me. You get a star because yelp made me do it. I give it to........ THE HORCHATA.I understand this is Vegas, on the strip, so it was packed. Understandable. I love this place so much I chose to wait the 35 min for my tacos... TWICE!!One of the things that baffled me was how the ADOBADA HANDLER was slicing the meat, and instead of this delicious meat going on the taco as he's slicing it, HE LET IT FALL ONTO THIS TRAY WITH THE REST OF THE MEAT THAT HAD BEEN SITTING THERE FOR WHO KNOWS HOW LONG. And this meat kept cooking on this tray. -____-WHYYY??? please tell me why you would do that??? The right way? from the rotisserie into the tacoROTISSERIE INTO THE TACO !!! not rotisserie to heat griddle... all the juices...GONE!!! The cheese on my MULA was burnt -_______-Is it because they're busy??? No that makes no sense!! People are already waiting anyways !!The other thing that almost made me cry was the ONIONS... They mass cook the onions so when you ask for them they are already soggy and taste more of oil than anything else :_( Chula Vista location cooks the onions to order so they're fresh, delicious, and tasty.I wondered once again if this was because they were extra busy but... NO because people wait either way!! So why not serve quality over you guys being lazy and mass cooking onions in quantity??The only thing I had from here was ADOBADA... which made me sick and I had such a bad stomach ache last night I cried.This place is not Tacos el Gordo I'm sorry.
2	I had heard amazing things about this place. In all fairness the group I was with said the food was alright. However, they did not offer ANY chicken or vegetarian options which are more my style so I did not eat here even though I'd been dying to try it. Additionally, the lines were insanely long. For me certainly not worth it and my party agreed, there are a million other taco places where I have at least one option.
5	best tacos i have ever tasted EVER! i tried the spicy pork, the vietnamese dish called (xa sew) brilliant idea to make it into tacos! So juicy & bursting with so much flavor. They had this spicy green specialty sauce poured ontop. $2 is expensive for a taco, but it's so worth the money! i also tried the steak but it doesnt compare to the spicy pork. & they didnt have the incredible sauce with the steak.
5	Best taco I've ever had in my life.  PERIOD.  The price is so far below the astronomical prices of the Strip it isn't even funny.  Authentic, friendly and excellent food quality make this place the best and one of the cheapest meals I've ever had in Las Vegas.  Bravo!
5	Tacos de adobada, my FAVORITE!!! Yumm! The sopes de adobada are too bomb!! You have to try them! I never mind waiting in line, the food is worth it! Always leave a good tip! :D
1	This place is terrible for vegetarians. The only veg option had bits of beef in it.
5	This place has the best authentic Mexican tacos  in Vegas. period. You have to stand in line for each type of taco you would like to order and that can take a while to get your tacos, but this place is completely worth the wait. I frequent this place almost every week. If you want the true experience of Mexican cuisine make sure you get everything on your tacos. They will ask you if you want everything on it. My personal favorites here are Adobada (spicy pork) and carnitas. The adobada isn't too spicy and has wonderful salsa and creamy guac on them. Don't go anywhere else if you are looking for the best authentic Mexican food in town!
5	I legit love this place!  It's definitely a go to spot after a night of partying.  I ALWAYS order a couple of the Spicy Pork tacos which I think is the best type of meat they serve.  Their Spicy Pork fries are also a great choice, but I will suggest ordering half of a full size order because even their half size fries can feed about 2-3 people.  They also provide grilled peppers and green onions for free and they go great with just about anything you're eating at the place.  This place definitely is the best taco place in town!
5	Best Mexican food I have ever had.  Make sure you try the mulas and tacos.  try all if meats but make sure you eat the spicy pork.
4	My friends and I love to try new taco places and since we were here in Las Vegas, we gave this place a try.The food was delicious; very juicy and tasty. I would definitely recommend the tacos adobada, probably some of the best I've ever had. It had a very interesting and robust flavor.I didn't care too much for the carne asada tacos, they were a bit chewy and cold. Still delicious though. The service was great and kind. I will definitely come back here when I visit Vegas again.
5	As crazy as it sounds to go to a taco place while in Vegas you should give this place a try. It is the best taco outside of Mexico. Take it from me in a professional Mexican. It will be packed so be prepared to wait and one line per meat choice is crazy.Update. Going back to Vegas for Tacos straight from the airport. Gordo, open up a place in the Bay Area.
5	Wow! We love $2 tacos. Good selection of meats.  We had the asada and spicy pork, with a side of the grilled peppers. Tip - each type of meat has its own line. So, don't stand in the lengua/tripe line if you want spicy pork. I had three tacos but should've had five. :-)This place is a huge bonus to staying at the Wynn/Encore. It is literally across the street.
4	Just went back here this week. Perfect late night spot with a great selection of carne asada, tongue, brain, etc. tacos, and there great fries with cheese, meat, Guacamole, etc. on top. Will gladly go here every time we're in town.
5	It has become a weekly routine to come down to Tacos El Gordo for dessert on the weekend. Yepperz you heard that right.... dessert. I like the Asada tacos and they are $2 each. I don't like any of that guacamole sauce they put on it. They have signs to let you know what each line is for so make sure and pay attention because these lines can be mad crazy. If you like grilled peppers and veggies then ask for a plate of them free of charge. You can also ask them to put foil on your plate if you want it to go or you can sit at tables they have set up under a tent style area outside. If you like good ass tacos them come here.
5	This is the best taco joint I have ever visited. First act like a local and stand in the line for the meat you want, second just get in the adobada line and thank me later. The adobada tacos with the green secret sauce will leave you a fan for life. Can't wait to get back!
5	Adobada tacos. SOOOO GOOD! No visit to Vegas is complete without a visit or two to this wonderful establishment. The food here is good any time of the day - breakfast, lunch, dinner, late night snack. You order at each station (they all specialize in one/two types of meat). You get your food and pay at the cashier. The first time we went, it was empty and we were confused so the nice ladies walked us through the entire process very patiently.I will always make sure to make a visit here every time I visit Vegas. This place is THAT GOOD!
5	My favorite taco place!I have to visit every time I come to vegas and it seems like I always get the same thing. The Adobada tacos (spicy pork). The creamy green sauce makes the taco even more delicious.I've also had the half order of the carne asada fries. For two people, this is usually plenty because they fill up the half togo box full of fries and they give you a good amount of meat. And what makes it better? THE CREAMY GREEN SAUCE! The fries are crunchy and they come right out of the fryer.I'm going to keep coming back until this place either disappears or stops making good food (hopefully that never happens) =]
5	This place is now a must every time I visit Vegas. $2 each for all that good stuff?! So worth it! This weekend was my first time and I had little expectations. It was confusing at first, but I got the hang of it. Each line has it's own meat, so pay attention to the signs. After a night of clubbing, it was crazy packed but moved fairly quickly. I loved it so much, I got some more the next night. Can't wait to make another visit, with a Fat Tuesday to accompany my meal.
5	A slice of Mexico right on the Las Vegas strip. Originally from Tijuana, this taco joint is not for the faint hearted. Choice of meat includes beef tongue, beef shoulder and pork all freshly prepared and resting on delicious tortillas under a generous helping of fresh cilantro, onions and peppers. And you thought Tijuana was oNly for cheap booze and raunchy bars.When in Vegas stop here and your taco cravings will be satisfied.Viva Mexico!
5	Delicious tacos, great price, and friendly service. What more can you ask from a taco shop? I got adventurous and tried the cabesa taco and I loved it. The meat is always very fresh and they cut it off of skewers as you order it. My favorite meat here is the lengua. Try it and you will not be disappointed.
5	Can't get enough so good I keep coming twice in a day!!
5	this place is about authentic as mexican taco hole in the wall or taco trucks get, the cooks are quick to make your order, it's fresh and deliciously prepared right in front of your eyes as your mouth waters while the cook chops away at the sizzling meats.., simple tacos with a variety of meats topped with onion, cilantro, and salsa..that's all you need!
4	delish!!! lines are wayyyy to long....but worth the wait. dont go sunday early afternoon!
5	Love this place!! You can never go wrong here!!! Order the Mulas with flower tortillas and Al Pastor.
5	If you love tacos, this is your kind of place.If you don't love tacos, it will change your life.
5	this place IS YOUR JACKPOT in Vegas therefore you must try it, no exceptions!!Huge bonus is that it opens late and the price is inexpensive. The food quality is top notch-hard-to-find Mexican food. They cook the meat on the spot so you'll get to enjoy the most fresh delicious juicy taco. There really isn't any con about this place, but if I were to pick one thing, since it is SO popular... the line will test your patience. Seriously, this place gets never ending customers any time of the day! What are you doing reading this review?? Go try it now!! :) I highly recommend the spicy pork taco . YUMMMMM
5	I'd never expect to find such a great taco joint on the strip. This place gives some of the big name taco shops in LA a run for their money! The chorizo vampiros are a must try and for about $2 an item, it's even more worth the try!
5	I used to go south of the border to have tacos... Now I go to Tacos El Gordo! So so GOOD! We hit up this taco place every time we are in Vegas at least twice.
5	Tacos Al Pastor of the Trumpa, Carne Asada of the Mesquite Grill, home made Tortillas made scratch as you eat and free guacamole for days. This place deserves 10 stars for what they are doing. I ate here 3 times in 2 days while in Vegas and would of went back more if I could of. Please Tacos El Gordo move all over the country because you truly are amazing. This is the go to place for Tacos in vegas and just like they were when I was a kid eating in TJ.
5	You can't beat this place in food or clientele late at night.  The adobado tacos were awesome.  We fed the entire family of 5 for under $40, and in Vegas that can't be beat.  Amazing food!  This place was entirely packed.  An ambulance pulled up and parked there to eat too, a sure sign that this is good food...  medics don't wait for food that might be bad.  Because there's a good chance we will get a call while we are waiting for food, and why would you wait in line for bad food???  There's a very good tip for everyone...
5	Driving to Vegas our first stop was a taco place , of course "taco el Gordo " . Was my first time trying it , hands down best taco I've eaten  so far. Fresh meat that cooks in front you ,grilled veggies , the employee are nice too. Great place worth every penny
5	This is a fantastic overall value, open late, and very tasty.The store is located in a strip mall that is kind of sketchy. While it is on Las Vegas Blvd, I wouldn't really consider it walking distance from even the Wynn/Encore, which is the nearest major hotel. Also, when you come in there are various lines for different types of meat, but if you just talk with the cooks they'll help you out and get you what you want to order. You don't have to go to the right line.Also, they offer free cebolitas, including grilled green onions and a jalapeno pepper, and also free pineapple with the spicy pork/adobada/al pastor (these are all the same thing here). You have to ask :)The different meats also come with different sauces as defaults. So don't be surprised by that!I thought the spicy pork/adobada/al pastor was by far the best, though I had no complaints about the carne asada either!
5	Came here on a Saturday night and it was packed to the brim.  Chose to stand in the Adobada line since it was the shortest and seemed to be moving the fastest.  Would have preferred to try the Asada but wasn't worth the wait.  After about 15-20 minutes of waiting in a line in a hot and crowded room, we get to the front and I ask the guy what else I can get in the line and he said he would recommend the beef shoulder.  We ended up getting 4 Adobada tacos and 4 beef shoulder tacos.  I was extremely skeptical because I just didn't think it was worth the wait and being from LA, I've had what I considered great tacos before.  Well, this place topped them all by a large margin.  I would recommend both tacos that we got.  The beef shoulder was slow cooked and cut fresh, and the Adobada was cooking on the vertical spit.  The Adobada was perfectly cooked with a smoky flavor that I don't think is reproducible.  The beef shoulder was slow cooked and tender and would take too much time to do.  There is a wait but it is well worth it.  This place is the blueprint for how a taco joint should be run.  Quality food, preparation, and selection.  Effing amazing!
5	oh Tacos El Gordo, you definately take me back to the days when I was 18 and partying in Tijuana, Mexico!! Love the tacos although I normally stick to the carne asada and adobado (con todo) and the quesadillas are AMAZING! The quesadillas are different than how I remember- they have a tortilla (corn or flour) and then the cheese and meat of choice, then they had a crunchy fried tortilla on top! Another menu item I love is the adobada fries(half size)- I'm not one hundred percent sure what the green sauce is but its delicious! My friend Tony tried the lengua, cabeza, and tripe and he thinks that the cabeza should be "highly recommended"Needless to say, everytime I go I overindulge and have to hit the gym hard to compensate lol**I truly wish it were a 24 hour establishment, but then again maybe its a good thing it's not!**also- BRING CASH for tips! there are tip jars all along the counter for the people who are slaving away cooking these food coma-inducing treats!
5	In addition to my favorite adobada tacos (originating from SD), I've also discovered the adobada fries! It's $5 for a small box and (I think) $10 for a large. You could easily share the large with 3-4 people, even though you may not want to because it's so good! Fries, adobada, cheese, guacamole, and sour cream. YUM!
1	Wish I could give it ZERO stars. They are completely unorganized. Every bite of my asada fries had a piece of fat. Almost witnessed 2 fights here! Food is gross! Don't come here. Save your money!
4	This was quite convenient as we stayed at the encore and it was literally within 5 minutes away. The place is packed on sat night but was quite quiet on friday. I've never had this place in the california area but only heard good things about it.Definitely not the most healthiest place to eat at but a good price for tasty food. (think the pork fat / oil is used to cook the tacos hence the taste. It was actually a lot smaller than I thought just from looking at the pictures but 4-5 of them filled me out. Seems the adobada is most popular. There are multiple lines as well for what you want to order. There are 2 sets of these lines if they are opened. Also it seems if you line up for one you can still order from the line next to you and skip the line (someone can correct me if I am wrong). I just saw people doing it which seemed to be locals.I'm surprised this place is quite slow though. The wait for adobada took 30 minutes, atleast.I would still come here again but not much selection for the vegetarian eaters and the veggie options were not that great as I was told. Can try Komol Restaurant for veggie eaters.
3	Went over labor day weekend to Vegas.  So let me get to the meat of this.  If its crowded which it was for us, don't expect to find a place to sit and eat your meal.  It is lacking tables or areas to enjoy your tacos.  So you stand in specific lines and those lines only serve those items otherwise you have to stand in line again.  The organization of it all doesn't allow you to get a variety of tacos.  Different if you are not used to it.  We settled for carne asada tacos and wanted to get the spicy pork but again didn't want to begin all over again.  When we got outside there were people whose family members were still in line who had grabbed any table and just waited.  Meanwhile we were looking to find a ledge, a chair, and finally settled for a curb near the restaurant.  There were cockaroaches near the curb that we were sitting at and well, again...no tables which lowered my rating for the restaurant.  Otherwise the food is very good.  Authentic Mexican food.
5	It's funny how everyone is pleased, but that one bitch below!  LOL  Well, but then again, it'll be boring if everyone agreed.  You can never please everyone.  I just have to say that this place makes the best, legit Mexican tacos!!!  I've been coming to this branch for years now.  I used to go to the other branches, but this is now my favorite, being on the strip and all.  I'm currently vacationing in Australia right now, and I've been craving and dreaming of their adobada and carne asada tacos.  That'll be the first thing I'm gonna eat, when I get back to my Las Vegas home!  Keep doing what you're doing, coz you're doing it right!  Acknowledge the positive comments, and just ignore the negative.  They're just haters.  At least the good thing is, they won't be back to spoil our fun at Tacos El Gordo!  Much love! Ciao!
3	The tacos were delish.  The way to order was too long.  People were everywhere so I was starting to get a headache from just trying to focus and wait patiently in line.
5	What more can you say about a late night taco shop located on the Las Vegas strip that has over 500 yelp reviews?Well, let's start with: This place rocks. Let's get into it. You need some greasy food after an epic night, and sometimes Tacos are the cure-all. Do not miss the opportunity to eat here. It's located on the northern end of the strip just passed Encore & Wynn. There is usually a line, but it moves quick. You have plenty of meat options for your tacos (hey now). I prefer the more adventerous stuff like lengua, cabeza & tripa. Totally worth it because everything is seasoned to perfection and greasy enough to be amazing.If you are on vacation and have no regard for your arteries (aka if you are like me), then try the carne asada fries. It's massive and something that can easily be shared amongst 3-4 people. Or just split it with someone if you are both cool with a challenge.Read some of the other reviews now. Then grab some tacos. This spot is bomb!
4	Will def go back on my next Vegas trip! Only shared a large carne asada fries with my fiance and we could barely finish it! Very yummy! The one problem I had was that the lady sweeping the floor swept the dirt/food pieces onto my feet....no "sorry" or anything. Kinda rude.
5	Binging on tacos before you go to the club is the best thing ever!  If you are a fatty lover they will want to kiss that taco flavor from your mouth.  Score!
4	My Mexican girlfriend told me this was the best tacos in Vegas.  It's right by my house.  Last time I ordered the pork and it was good.  Today I got the steak tacos this time if flour tortillas and guacamole and sour cream.  Very good and probably the cheapest meal I ever eat at any given time. They also have my favorite drink Orange Bang. Haven't had it anywhere else other than Zippys in Hawaii.
5	Where else can you order brains? Delicious. Tripe was delicious!Come on it was beautiful, textural heaven in my mouth. I watched a video on youtube about labiaplasty (come on we all end up on parts of youtube where we ask ourselves, "How did I get here?") had the tripe and it was nice. If it was chewy it would be hard to eat after watching labiaplasty, I'm just saying.
5	Want real Mexican tacos hundreds of miles from the borders?  Want them at almost any hour?  Tacos El Gordo is as legit as they come for "Tijuana style" tacos.After a 15 minute wait and $120 later, eight (8) of us had probably our best Vegas meal at 5:00AM after a night of wayyyyyy too much alcohol.  We had tacos de carne asada, adobada and my personal favorite...mulas.  They were all fantastic, and while the prices are a little high, you are on the strip and they are open until the wee hours of the morning.  I would gladly pay $3 a taco for carne asada deliciousness at those hours. I will say that the San Diego locations have disappointed me the past couple times I have been there, but this one hit the spot in so many good ways.  I will come back again and again, as any Vegas weekend with tacos in the morning hours is always a good night!
5	The only place in Vegas I know of to get tacos al pastor at any time of day or night! Tacos El Gordo is conveniently located on the south end of the strip, minutes away from the freeway and just a short walk on Las Vegas Boulevard. It is a favorite among locals and tourists, whether it is a quick lunch or a late night bite after the nightclubs. Depending when you go, there may be a wait but it is worth it!  There is a reason for it too.  Everything is made fresh on site, including the corn tortillas grilled from dough and the cooks are constantly chopping up meat to keep up with demand.  The prices are cheap, with $2 tacos of any type of meat from carne asada, lengua (beef tongue), and even beef belly. My favorite though has to be the grilled adobada (spicy pork) cut right off the spit. Putting a twist on the regular carne asada fries, there is also adobada fries on the menu. You can ask for some pineapple or grilled onions on the side for some extra flavor in addition to the salsa bar. The food is delicious and the price point is great for those on a budget while visiting Vegas, what more can you ask for?
5	Get spicy adobada tacos
4	Not as good as the Tacos el gordo in San Diego but still very good!  Adobada Tacos are all you need here.  The perfect mixture of salsa, guac sauce, fresh tortillas, and of course, the spicy pork... delicious!  I just remember the tacos being bigger and tasting a little better in san diego.This was probably my favorite meal this past weekend in vegas.
4	My wife and I come here every year on our anniversary and stand in line for sometimes 40 minutes.  And that's at 1AM.  Very good, traditional tacos.  They are as good as any street taco I have had in Mexico.There are only two downsides here:1:  The wait can be very long2:  There is very little seating for the size crowds that form at both doors so plan accordingly.
2	Ok, so I think I had really high expectations for this place because my friends hyped it up. We planned out all the food places to try and this place was up there.So the first night we were in Vegas we were planning to come after a night at Hakkasan. We drove and got there about 4:40 and Yelp said it was still open but when we got there it was closed. Disappointment. So we tried again the next night to a VERY packed restaurant with multiple lines. The way everything is formatted is ridiculous! I have to wait in multiple lines to get different types of meat. So there is a line for carne asada and you can have anything from tacos to sopas to nachos but you can only order carne asada in that line. If you want other meats you will have to order in one line and then go to the next. After waiting in the long line you take your tray of food and go to the register to pay and then take a seat anywhere. The only good thing was that the drink was all you can drink of horchata and orange bang.The guac was probably the best part of the meal because they put so much on the taco but the taco itself was only ok. Nothing special at least not for the way and how everything is formatted.I don't think I would come back here again unless my friends wanted to.
4	Great way to satiate hunger after a night of spirits and libations.
5	OMG the best tacos ever.  I'm just waiting for them to open up a location in Norcal.  They will bankrupt Super Taqueria if they opened up shop in Norcal.   The first time I ate here was when I was visiting San Diego and then we accidentally came across this location in Vegas during a limo ride.  Sometimes this place gets really crowded, but its totally worth the wait b/c the tacos are soooo good.  Every time I'm in Vegas or San Diego I make sure to include Tacos El Gordo in my itinerary.   There's just no other place like it.  BTW don't expect 5 star service here.  Its elbow to elbow at times to get to the front of the taco line.  Don't be afraid to call out the fat Mexican dude who's trying to cut in front of you!  If you don't say something and let him get in front of you.....you will regret it because he will be the the one that orders like 30 tacos and holds up the line.
5	Tacos El Gordo were the best tacos I have ever had in Las Vegas. The prices for their food are reasonable. The staff is very friendly. There were no long lines and there was plenty of seating either indoors or outdoors. My favorite tacos were the Spicy Adobada. My sisters and I went to go eat there two days in a row. It hits the spot after a night of drinking. I will be eating here every time I am in Las Vegas.
4	The food is really good here, but kinda confusing on how to order.  There's really no order to the lines here, you kind of just get in a line and hopefully get what you want.  Other than that, I got the beef cheek, tongue, and carne asada.  Pretty good for a late night snack.  Best part of the experience is watching people coming from the club wasted trying to get their taco fix.  Recommend for a late night cheap eats on the strip.
5	Just so freakin delicious!!!!  Had tongue, asada and spicy pork tacos.  I could eat here forever!
4	My boyfriend absolutely loves this place. While I also love this place, I need to give an honest review and not let the delicious food get in the way of me looking at the overall picture.During a spur-of-the-moment 3 day trip to Las Vegas, we went to Tacos El Gordo a total of 5 times, sometimes more than once a day -- Yes, that's how much we love this place. This place is so authentic that they don't even give you the option of ordering a burrito! (So if that's what you're craving, you're not going to find one here.) The meats on the tacos were cooked well and the combination of everything they put on it was perfect. They are generous with the guacamole and everything else, but... half the time when I get my tacos they are cold. This is because sometimes they will cook the meat in advance and store it in a nearby metal can and continue to cook more meat. This is effective when there is a lot of customers but cold tacos aren't as good as fresh, warm tacos! With that said, leftover tacos still tastes amazing so no worries, but warm tacos are still better.PROS:- Generous guacamole & everything else on the taco- Delicious- Great hours- Fair prices- Fast taco makingCONS: - Half the time I saw my asada come from a metal can and not the grill
5	Best tacos I've ever eaten. The spicy pork is amazing, as are the quesadillas. Cannot recommend highly enough. A diamond in the rough in terms of good food on the strip.
2	Two stars.  Go to your local taco truck instead.
5	This was the first place we came to eat during our weekend getaway in Vegas just this weekend! I have came here before and I just fell in love with it! I had their carne asada fries, the large size, and immediately began scarfing them down! I didn't share with my girlfriend or our friend because I am just hooked on these fries! The staff there is pretty cool AND there was no line when we arrived around 10:00am. DO NOT come on Sunday morning du to the large line that will be there when you arrive. Small place but very nice there. This is the place to hit up for a late night taco or burrito run or anytime of the day. People, come to this place. You will not be disappointed. If you are, Ill personally buy you a couple tacos to change your mind!!!!!!
4	If you are drunk on a late night and want greasy mexican food, this is the place to go!!! food is fast and fatty. Large variety of food and drinks. You can sit inside, and get a taxi when you done. Fast, cheap, and good, can't go wrong!
5	Wow! These are quite possibility the best tacos I have EVER had in Vegas. Get the Al Pastor, it is out of this world.
4	Good spicy pork taco and lengua.open late night.  Avocado cream sauce delicious.
5	The asada tacos, spicy pork tacos, and asada fries were all really good. The lines for food were long even at midnight but it was worth the wait.  We knew the food would be good when we saw a lady making tortillas on the spot!
5	Late night grub, or a quick bite any time on the strip Tacos El Gordo is the spot for great cheap eats on the strip. Located within a couple of blocks from The Wynn or Circus Circus you cannot go wrong dining here.Try the spicy pork belly and the beef, as it is authentic and generously portioned. You'll find any taco you order however to be overfilling the small soft taco for roughly $2.00 a piece!5 stars.
5	This is a straight up taco joint smack in the middle of the craziness that is Las Vegas. The set up is a bit confusing so I left my boyfriend to order and I didn't experience the order/pay portion.The tacos were so good! It was definitely busy and speaks to how good these are. I loved the pastor and he had lengua and also enjoyed them. It's a bit off the strip but worth stopping in to cure that hangover with some greasy goodness.
5	AMAZING TACOS. Has to be one of my favorite tacos ever. Freshly made torillas they cook right in front of you. The Carne Asada fries were soooo good. Ate there twice it was that good and satisfacting. Love that they are open late and there lines were a little confusing but the tacos made up for that!
4	Why have I waited so long to try this place. K.O. convinced me to come in to this place for a small snack in between meals.  I am glad she did.The parking lot sucks to get to and is jam packed.There are separate lines here depending on which meat you want to eat.  Look for the signs at the front of the line.  When we came in the whole inside of this place was packed.  It was very confusing for me in the beginning, but K.O. helped me navigate through the madness.We stood in the Adobado line and got us 2 tacos and 1 mula to share.  Remember to ask for hot sauce when you get your food.Adobado Taco - the meat was cooked well and on a spit. When you see meat on a spit you know its going to be cooked well, charred slightly on the outside and moist in the inside.  All the trimmings were delicious and that green sauce was really creamy and helped elevate the flavors.Adobado Mula - First time trying it and its basically 2 tortillas with meat, cheese, and other things inside.  This was delicious and wish I had found out about this sooner.After you get your food, you have to find the cashier line and pay. When we were here the horchata tasted really watered down and not good. The orange bang on the other hand was delicious.Seating may be hard to find, but we found one outside fairly easily.The place could be a little cleaner and less hectic.  The inside is crammed with ppl and hard to get refills on drinks.I would definitely come here again but maybe one of their other locations.
3	Clusterf*ck. Zoo. Frustrating. One line is for al pastor, one line is for carne asada, etc, etc., which means you have to endure multiple slow-ass lines if you want different meats. Bf wasn't too impressed with $2 tacos; he thought the prices were high for taqueria food (I.e. $10 for carne asada fries.) I chose not to order any meat on my fries at all because the threat of meat contamination was imminent...I could just see it now -- I order steak & end up with tongue & brains chopped up in my meal. No f*cking thank you. My fries were covered in cheese, guac, & crema. I asked for red sauce, which helped moisten & spice up my mess of crispy, creamy, fatty goodness. 4 stars for the fries & having orange bang in the soda fountain. 3 stars for the crowd & irritating order process (line up to order, line up to pay.) I'm sure he'll want to go back, but in my expert Mexican-food opinion, it ain't all that. I'd prefer to go elsewhere.
4	Abadado fries!
5	Why did I only find out about this place on my last day!!  This place is legit and conveninetly located right outside the Wynn!!!  They are definitely doing tacos justice, served with care and attention to detail.  It looks like a place that was picked up right out of Tijuana so don't expect a classy place, but it doesn't matter because your their for the food.  Their pork tacos are phenomenal, moist and juicy, and I'm pretty sure the only place I've seen serve tacos from a rotating gyro-like spit, which are cut freshly as you order.  Also, don't forget to get the roasted peppers.
3	My carne asada tacos were dried. I was hoping it was going to be bomb, but it was not all that.  Tacos are small.
5	The best tacos in Vegas!
5	Delicious!!!!  You can't ever go wrong with this place!!!  Whether it's a late night snack or a lunch, you always leave satisfied with a happy tummy.  The lines are a bit confusing as there are three separate ones depending on what you're ordering.  The spicy pork and the asada are the obvious staples although they offer tongue and other stranger meats I don't have the balls to try.  So staples it is!  The tacos are the perfect size and usually 2-3 at 2 bucks a pop will do the trick.  I recommend getting into the shorter line of the two since you can still place one order. To receive both.  They have a nice selection or horchata and plenty of seating inside and out.  The locals obviously love the place as well and I constantly see construction workers pick up huge orders for their crews.  If you're staying at the Wynn or the encore, there is NO excuse not to try this place!
5	These are the best damn tacos in Las Vegas! I'm serious. All of the tortillas are homemade right in front of you and are used almost immediately on the taco orders. I came here every time I walked by. For 2$ a taco, you just cant beat the taste and freshness of "The Fat Taco". I just wish that I could find a similar restaurant near my house.....I live in San Diego, I know they exist. The only bummer about El Gordo is how far on the end of the strip it sits. It's almost directly across the street from Circus Circus, you know, the ghetto part of the strip. I've grown up about 45 minutes away from Mexico my entire life and only here did I see all of the nitty gritty taco ingredients. Cabeza, Lengua, Cheek, etc. But by far the best on their menu is the Adobada. Do yourself a favor and come get a damn good taco!
4	The Pastor is legendary - that is why they have a separate line for just Pastor orders and another for all others. The other meats are very good - and they have all of the traditional Mexican meats, but that pastor - MAN! It is definitely pricey for small street tacos but worth it due to that succulent taste. Most times both the strip and Charleston location are packed at lunch so be get there early.
2	If a mixture of boiled meats in one pot is your thing, this is the place for you. I did not like the lack of options, would have liked some grilled meat options
4	Food was good but the process of getting it was a cluster.. especially if you had never been there before and did not know what to do.  Read all the signs so you don't stand in th wrong line for 20 minutes.
5	Did you know you can visit Mexico right smack in the heart of Vegas? Better brush up on that Spanish, else you might be in for quite a bit of "I want that" pointing to the workers who barely speak a lick of English.Most people come here for the spicy adobada, but my favorite is the lengua tacos--the fattest, juiciest lengua tacos ever. You can also request grilled jalapenos and green onions at no charge.The set up is a bit confusing if you've never been. There's a separate line for each type of meat. The lengua/cabeza is all the way to the right, the adobada is the long line you see, and the asada is to the left. You order, then bring your order to the cashiers to pay.Open until the wee hours because you know you're going to need drunk food in Vegas.
2	I do not understand the rating this place gets. Although you get your food quickly, everything was cold within minutes. The asada is decent, but nothing great. Being from SoCal, this place has nothing on King Taco. The tortillas are fresh, so that is the reason for the 2 stars. I will not pay this place another visit. Maybe I got a bad batch of tacos. The guy that took my order also forgot two of the tacos, but after taking one bite, I was actually glad he did.
5	An awesome place for a late night break. The guacamole in the tacos is amazing. Everything about the mula is amazing.
4	$2 a taco?!Brought 15 tacos back to the room, had a picnic taco party on the floor while all the girls got ready for going out.  The favorites were the Asada tacos, with the Al Pastor coming in second. Lengua came in last.Best idea ever.
2	Tacos El Gordo is a bit of a zoo, even at 2 am. I took the time to skim the Yelp reviews before walking in which helped. I knew about the individual lines for the various kinds of tacos and i knew there would be a language barrier if I didn't speak Spanish. So be it, I can point and smile and I came out with actually more tacos than I wanted...but oh well. The drink station is not very well thought out or placed, you get your cups after you pay . And the cashiers were nice and friendly and the horchata wasn't that bad.  But it's a taco place..and the tacos...really aint all that. Lengua....not impressed, as it was actually kinda cold when I got to try it...I ended up not eating all of it. Al pastor...was nothing special either. But I really looked forward to the Adobada...and it was the only taco that saved me from going home hungry. If I go back it's the only thing I'll buy again. That being said Taco y Taco's adobaba blows El Gordo out of the water...it's not even close. Recommendation: If you're stuck on the strip and don't want to pay strip prices it will shut your stomach up. But if it's not late and you can drive a bit, there are much better choices available.
3	As people said, there are separate lines for each kind of taco. My go to taco is usually the lengua. Some people are uncomfortable eating tongue, but honestly it's some of the most tender meat possible. Unfortunately I was little underwhelmed by the lengua here. The meat wasn't as savory as I've had at other places.Looking at the reviews, I guess I should have tried the pork. Maybe next time...
2	I don't understand all the hype on yelp. Obviously people on this have not tried good tacos. Not even because I was drunk I thought they were good
4	By far one of the best late night spots to eat in Vegas and best of all it was right outside the hotel I was staying (Wynn Las Vegas) tacos are fresh and going by most of the reviews here there are all spot on ... Porks the way to go. Next time I'm coming to Vegas I'm def coming here first!
4	$2 spicy pork tacos. You want these. Tasty snack and best deal on the strip. Yummy Mexican sodas to boot, what's not to love.
2	Not too crowded on a Wednesday night, but wasn't too impressed with the carne asada here. It looks like it has potential as the guy was chopping and dicing right in front of you before he assembles your small tacos for $2. Did not expect guac on the tacos, but it was there in a dominating fashion over the meat. The meat itself was good in two of the three tacos, but number three took a dive and was unedible. The meat was undercooked, fatty and chewy all at the same time. All the other meats at this place belong on Bizzarre foods and the carne asada looks like it is very hit and miss.
5	OMG.. I've been thinking about this place since we left Vegas! We went in one night for a couple of tacos.. I wanted a Carne asada taco and quesdilla.. Well there was somewhat of a language barrier that actually worked to my advantage. What I ended up with was a quesadilla on a flour tortilla what was open faced with tons of tasty carne asada on top. It was so flavorful and filling. We ended up going back there the following night for dinner.
4	You have to walk north of the strip pass the Wynn and Encore but trust me it is worth it. I did not expect to enjoy it as much as I did, but the carne asada tacos were amazing.  I had the tripe and spicy pork tacos as well, on a full stomach and it was still delicious and authentic.  For 2 dollars a piece, the size was perfect, and if you are walking down the strip you might as find this little mom and pops place.  The lines are long but they go pretty fast.  It is the right amount of spice and flavor.
5	Awesome tacos at a good price, but expect to wait.I went at lunch time and had 3 tacos: al pastor, carne asada, and lengua.  All were good, but al pastor was the best, IMO.  There was a big line, but the well worth the wait.
5	Best. Tacos. Ever.
4	Awesome place to hit up after a night out on the Strip. I'm from LA where there are taco trucks around every other corner, and I gotta say that Tacos El Gordo is just as good as the best of those. I came at about 3 am so it wasn't terribly crowded, although there was still a line at all of the different stations. I only had a chance to try out an al pastor taco and an asada taco but both were delicious. I think the best part was this green salsa-sauce that they put on the asada taco....no idea what it was unfortunately. Next time I'm back in Vegas, I'll definitely try to find an opportunity to come back and try some more of their food. Definitely a gem nestled at the edge of the Strip.
4	I've heard about Tacos El Gordo as their main branches are in south San Diego and they are WELL known for authentic Mexican street tacos. These aren't just *any* run of the mill chicken/steak/carnitas tacos but the REAL ones where they use certain... innards of the animal. Although I've lived in Chula Vista for so long I hadn't visited one (shame on me), so not only am I able to complete a pilgrimage to such a well-known taco establishment before I move to the Bay Area, I also got to introduce the No1DP to REAL tacos. It's a step up from the "Mexican" food he's been used to eating on his business trips but he says it was way too late to try brain and stomach tacos :/This is one of the few places in Vegas that are open quite late on a weekday (3am) and even more late on weekends (5am). Frankly there's not much that's open for late night eating afterwards unless you are willing to go off-strip and even then you have to know what you are looking for. This area is also short walking distance from the Wynn/Encore hotel group so this would be a perfect late-night spot for people getting out of XS/Surrender/Tryst and needing to sober up.There's indoor and outdoor seating. Outdoor seating is covered. No1DP says that outside is a good place to go people-watching as it overlooks Las Vegas Blvd.Inside the taco shop there are various counters. Each counter you can order specific items. Place your order then fall in line at cashier towards the door to pay.All tacos use two flour tortillas to soak up the fat/give stability to the taco plus each taco has a generous portion of salsa verde. There's no cheese or sour cream on the taco (which is a sign of a true Mexican taco joint). Each taco is between $2-$3.Asada: Typical beef carne asada taco. Tastes like any other carne asada taco. If you live in SoCal and are lucky enough to have taco shops within reasonable driving distance, just do yourself a favor, be more adventurous and try a taco that you'll only find here.Suadero (shoulder): One of the best cuts of meat for a taco I've ever had. Shoulder seems like it was braised as the meat was quite soft and juicy without it being too greasy.Cabeza (head): For this taco I think they grind up the head so that the end result texture is similar to a pate. The taste was a bit weird and didn't have much flavor as a meat; it absorbed more of the oil and the salsa verde. I can definitely justify the hype regarding this place and this taco joint, along with TJ's Oyster Bar for tacos from the sea, are my two recommended taco joints for REAL street tacos. Now if I can find someone to drag along who is willing to try beef brain, tripe and pork stomach before I leave...
3	This is probably the first time I have seen a tacos being sold in vegas... with the exception of your local fast food restaurant with their fake tacos. So I think that it was very smart of the El Gordo owners to have opened this shop here. I cam here in the wee morning and everything was pretty organized. It was crowded for the wee morning.. but this is on the Strip. So no surprise there.I had the Spicy Pork and it came with this liquid green sauce that I wasn't so sure what it was... It already had the guac... so was this liquid quac? Not sure but I think this is what makes El Gordo special. The pork was season great and it's always nice to see a traditional taco place with their pork rotating on its skewer in front of the fire.I don't see what's so special about Tacos El Gordo. The presentation of the taco was not so nice. and it was really difficult to eat because everything was just thrown on top for me.My experiences with tacos have come a long way because of LAs vast offerings. I still prefer the traditional hand made tortillas and taco carts from the streets of Highland Park in LA.
5	Always a staple whenever we're in Vegas. Its perfect for a cheap meal, late night meals, and hangover cures.I've pretty much only had the tacos and carne asada fries here. I usually never order horchata but here, it's not even an option for me. Yes please!Walking in, newcomers usually have a problem learning how everything works. You have to stand in different lines for different types of meat. Pork (adobada) line, carne asada line, lengua line etc. After you order and take your food from the lines, then you walk to the cashier to pay. If you're smart, you stand in one line and your friend stands in another line. The tacos are a great size and they're about 2 bucks each. I don't care what your preference is here, if it's your first time, you HAVE to try the spicy port Adobada tacos with everything on it!
4	Hands down the best friggin taco I have ever had! The spicy pork was all I ate! Little confusing layout (ordering tacos from different sections) Love the mexican soda fountain machine too with all the odd cream based sodas! Tip ask for the handmade tortilla instead of the prepacked ones! Its WAY better and fresh!
5	Came across this place by accident and saw the crowd.  Thought I'd check it out.  Great food at great prices and a clean establishment!  Recommended!
5	This is basically the spot to try. They have the best tacos beef, chicken, pork or lengua. All so yummy and tasty. There are no words to describe how flavorful the tacos are, you just need to try it to understand. Plus, it is so affordable! Skip the fast food and choose this instead. Your tastebuds will be thanking you for it.
4	Amazing super fresh tacos! They are literally cutting the meat up in front of you. Great pricing for being on the LV strip. Granted its in an area that might look a little scary to some people. I'd say go during the day, but I'm sure it's a great place for dinner or after drinks.I can't believe it took me this long to finally try this place. (Because the other million times I've gone to Vegas)I had the pastor and lengua. This might become a must visit next time I'm in town again.
3	Good spot to come and eat after a night of drinking. I don't speak Spanish so it's hard for me to communicate to some of them but I do like the tacos. Other than the spanish....It's good! I would just recommend the carne asada tacos or the "pastor" tacos?  Everyone says these tacos are "real" and "authentic" so I trust that!  Better than taco bell haha.
5	Holy mother of delicious meats, this place takes the enchilada. Amazing flavorful meats, you could blindly pick anything off the menu and be satisfied with it being tender, juicy, and perfectly cooked. You know it's going to be good when you see plenty of local Mexicans and Hispanics frequenting the place. Open late but word to the wise the best meat is earlier in the day though the crowds are insane. Well worth it anytime.
4	Food was excellent. We orderd 12 tacos for 2 people and finished 8. Line was long so anticipate waiting for a while; plus there are 3 separate lines for whatever flavor you're in the mood for.
4	This place is amazing! The pastor was so good it made us come back wanting more for breakfast. If your in Vegas you have to stop.  Ps: all of the reviews about this place being sort of a cluster are correct it is but over whelming but do worth it.
4	Most authentic tacos outside of Mexico. Nevertheless, #SrGORDO please fix your ordering system. Long lines ruin the experience.
2	Seriously, all tacos!? Don't come looking for a burrito now... Unless, you speak the lingo and ask for Mulas (which is not burrito, but you get the double wrap)! ^___*But the service was so so painfully slow! And the fact that you have to line up to different lines to get different meats, it really didn't help my dinner time to be any faster. It was so ridiculous that I timed my waiting in lines... it took 1.5 hrs to get all the orders in and by the time I sat down to eat? The first order of carne asada tacos was stone cold. I've had comparable if not better meats in NorCal. I am not risking losing 2 hours of my vacay time in line. So, the next time I am in town, if I am inclined for cheap meats, I will look at the rate of line getting shorter before I jump.
1	This place was highly recommended. Maybe it's impressive to non-Mexicans that are tired of paying exuberant prices at the casinos, but if you come here and it's busy, walk away! I have to hand it to the management, they really want to give the locals and visitors the authentic and chaotic atmosphere that you might experience in Tijuana. You also will need your tourist Spanish to understand the instructions given over the loud speaker. The process to order your food is ridiculous. Hopefully you know what you want and you are sticking to one type of meat, otherwise you'll be standing in multiple lines to complete your order. It took my husband an hour to order some tacos because we wanted adobada and carne asada. The situation was bad enough to require them to tag team, so one can start eating while the other one kept their place in line. "Stay alive, no matter what occurs!"So was it worth the hype? No! Carne asada and lengua were chewy and stringy. The adobada had the best flavor, but not good enough to return and endure this chaos once again. Tacos el Gordo should be named Tacos el Tonto! Tontos for standing in line for mediocore tacos. Adios!!
5	Every time I travel to Vegas, this place is top of my list to eat at.  Great tacos (made to order), great prices ($2 each - get 3!  no get 4, no get 5!) fabulous selection  (brains, stomach, tripe, you name it!).  What's not to LOVE LOVE LOVE.
2	Prepare yourself for an uncomfortable time!The food here is really good, but the restaurant itself leaves a lot to be desired.  First off, they have a chaotic system of ordering food on one side, then paying on the other side of the room.  It's not a common setup, and it seems you have to be a bit pushy to order your food.  People here seem to ignore you, or people cut in front of you.  It seems either people have bad manners or this restaurant has employees who only respond positively to other spanish speakers.  It could also be that my friend isn't the pushy rude type, but the people taking orders wouldn't acknowledge him.  I think it's tragic that even though the food is pretty good, but the organization really sucks!  If you want one type of meat, you stand in one line, if you want another, then you have to stand in a different line.  They had 4 different lines!  I wish they would just handle orders in the back.  It's as if they think their employees are too dumb to handle orders of different types of meat.  He might mix up the carne asada with the adobada!  They look totally different, but who cares, my employees are too stupid to tell the difference! I really don't get it.  I might expect this sort of chaos at a food truck or an outdoor swap meet, but in a restaurant there's a much better way of running things.  It's not like the way they have things setup makes things faster or easier.  In fact, I could see someone easily ordering food and just walking out without paying because it would be impossible to tell who's paid and who hasn't especially when it is busy which it seems to be  during lunch and dinner hours.I also found the prices to be a bit high in light of how terrible the service runs.  I'd understand paying more for food in a restaurant that is organized and nice, but with all the chaos and terrible service, I don't know why I"d pay any more than any taco truck.  Overall I'd say stay away unless you find the place mostly empty, then it wouldn't take you forever to order your food.Also your choices are pretty much taco, tostada, sopa, and carne fries.
3	Good tacos. Sometimes too busy and have to wait in long lines. Specially when it is cold.
5	Bottom line - the tacos are awesome. Those that are giving this place a bad review are hating on the furniture (it's a hole-in-wall where you pay $2/taco - what do you expect??) and it not being authentic (we were the only white peeps in here so...). We had both the spicy pulled pork and the carne asada. A few pointers:- There are a few different lines for a few different things - don't be afraid to ask someone who works there. - Lunch/brunch time on Sat or Sun is suicide...come either late night or on an off-meal time. I wish this place was near my house.
3	People go nuts for this place, me? Eeehhh....The tacos are pretty good but not amazing. The wait to order is usually insane. Last time I was there, there were 4 separate lines and the lines stretched outside (should be an indication of amazingness but no), needles to say we waited for like 40 min to order. I don't think they're 40 min wait good... The lines are usually crazy and chaotic so be prepared. They do have a nice variety of meats for a fast food type of joint. They have options like chicken, steak, beef shoulder, tongue, brain and spicy pork. The spicy pork is the best! Those are 4*.
5	Yummy! Just like the other tacos el Gordo on the border of sd & Mexico. I thoroughly enjoyed their adobada & tripa. I think they might even put more meat than I'm used to. Prices are comparable as well. It definitely hit the spot for me & my husband.  Make sure to try their spicy pork, my favorite! If you're not a soda drinker, bring your own water since they don't have any except bottled.
5	Best cheap eats in LV.  I'm from Canada and $2 for an unbelieveably tasty taco, well that's like stealing.Adobada - my favourite.  Great as they present it or with slices of pineapple ( gotta ask for it )Tripe - Excellent.  Not hat I expected but really good.Tongue - also Very Good.Brain - tasty but not my favouriteAtmosphere - lots of locals and hispanics, always a good sign
4	If you don't eat meat skip this place. Head, tongue, pork, and carne asada tacos galore. My cheese quesadillas were really flavorful; probably because they were cooked on the same grill as the meat! Some people's reviews commented about the place itself- who cares? Go for the tacos, 'cause that's all they serve anyway (except for quesadillas). Recommended.
5	Food: I absolutely love street tacos and I have no idea what El Gordo's doing but what ever they're doing don't stop the goodness! It really doesn't get better than this. Taco's El Gordo definitely sets the bar high. I've tasted tacos close to the border of Mexico in San Diego and all over Los Anegeles but none can compare to the flavors of El Gordo. Drinks: You have your selection of Soda's and tea's but also you have Mexican soda's and lets not leave out the horchata. Atmosphere: It's High school cafeteria style. You stand in line order what you want and then you go and pay at the cashier. Simple as that. This location has tables inside and out. The outdoor patio makes you feel like you're really in Tijuana Mexico. Tips: Keep in mind what line you stand in, they have different lines for different tacos with different cuts of meat. Also this place is located on the strip so expect Late night diners that I call "drunkeats".
5	Woow! I cant wait to go back! Delicious tacoS ever!!!! I got tripa y suaderooo!!! Woow those were boomm!!!! I wish to be at vegAs !!!! For sure i came backkkkkk !!!! Neta! Ame este lugarr! Just love ittt! And the taquerosss sooi niceee! !
4	Another late night craving before finals week.. I know I will stay awake after eating hereI have been to the other Tacos El Gordo and we decided to try this one out since it is fairly closer to home.  The place is busy since it is on the strip.  I actually took some time to look at the menu this time and noticed some interesting tacos such as beef tongue and beef brain.  I didn't think they would be appealing to me so I stuck with my usual; carne asada fries.  Full Size please..  Order first, pay after.  Seat yourself.  Also do remember to ask for hot sauce and mild sauce.  The other place I went to offered, but she could have just forgotten.  My carne asada fries looked wonderful as it usually does, layered with cheeses and two scoops of guacamole.  Obviously delicious since I ate it all.  Tender meat and skinny fries.  Not salted.. Fries a little crisp.. Now, I did reach over and picked a piece of brain from my friend's taco.. That was very interesting.. mushy and no flavor.. I was definitely better off with fries.  I guess you have to acquire a taste or demand for it.  But the tacos looked excellent from my view of the booth.  Great late night place, little condiment bar with lemons, slice beets, etc.  Self serve drinks.  Little tables.  Fresh Mexican food smell. Would I come back, Yes! But next round will be at the other location.. I want to compare and contrast.
5	Omfg.. this place necer fails!! I come to Vegas quite often from phx and wow just wow. Spicy pork tacos.. amen. Compliments ;)
2	I've never really been a big fan of this Tacos El Gordo, preferred the one on Charleston if anything but still not a big fan of Tacos El Gordo.  I don't know why but somehow I seem to always find myself coming here once in awhile; people do flock over to this location because its on the Strip.  Go to the Charleston location if it's busy here it's not that far away.  Honestly I like their food only when I'm either drunk or recovering  but I could probably get the same effect from a Roberto's which is probably more convenient. Any other time I just can't enjoy them.When it's slow, which is when they're usually still busy but manageable, you can find a parking spot easily, you walk into the building, open the door and shut the door, you wait in a decent line, and you can enjoy your meal maybe on a table inside or outside.  However when it's busy, mainly weekend, forget about coming here, unless you're willing to wait. The line usually spills out the door and it's hard to find a seat.  You'll likely find yourself joining others eating their food on the curb or at your car. Food-wise it's alright 3 star maybe 3.5 tops which isn't that bad.  You probably heard about their carne asada and adobada fries, and their various street tacos they are a must if you never had it but personally I don't think they have enough flavor to my liking and seemed a little pricey, especially for the fries. I think I only liked them the first time I've had street tacos.  It kind of has phased out of my system, I do prefer a few other businesses more. Overall they are probably a 2 star maybe 3  mainly because of the inconvenience and madness that goes on. Yea it's busy because a lot of people want them but they could do something better to manage the crowd besides making the food faster, I don't know maybe it's just me being picky but definitely not a fan of the atmosphere. You can say it lacks good customer service but they do make things fast.Most recently I brought some out of state family here it lasted only a few mins. We ended up going to a pretty good regular Mexican restaurant where it was fast, excellent customer service, served good food, and accomedating for a large group wiith kids, Taco Bell joking.
5	FREAKIN'  Amazing Tacos !  (I think they all have different toppings.)And they have a parking lot !  (It's the first open lot on the Strip, so you can hit  a few kitschy t-shirt shops at the same time.)ps open HELLA late
4	A hole in the wall, a short walk off the strip, but what it lacks in glitz it makes up for in deliciousness. Everything is delicious and full of flavor! The Beef Tongue tacos and Steak Al Pastor tacos are my favorite. If you want authentic Mexican tacos in Las Vegas, this is your place.
5	We had spicy pork tacos , really good the sauce was simply amazing, very authentic!!! It is a must
5	One of they few places that gives class A fries.The place is located next to the wynn, and parking is never hard to find as they most of the customers that come walk in from the strip. The interior of the place is surprising clean. The place also offers inside and outside seating, more than likely you'll eat inside cause it's either boiling hot or goosebumps cold outside.Ordering the food was confusing at first only because you're greeted by the register as you come in. But just go up to any of the workers, order, go back to the cashier, and feast on your food. The prep time for food is miniscule only time you would have to wait is if you order fries.From your first bite you can tell the quality of the food is far beyond any regular ole taco place. The sauce & adobado just go so damn well together. But to me the main star of this place are their adobado fries. THAT THING IS SERIOUSLY PACKED. Guac overload!!!!! The fries crispy, the cheese cheesy, the sour cream & guac perfect amount, and the avocado on top? Equivalent to a cherry on a ice cream. Personally the price of the taco's a ripoff. But the price for the fries a steal.PRO TIP! You can call ahead of time and order so you don't have to wait in the long lines!If anything could change in this place, it'd be for them to add heaters in their outside seating, it's just too cold out to eat outside.
5	FOUND IT!!  Took me forever to find the name of this place.  Let me tell you, how often does one stumble upon something, while in one of the worst moods you can possibly imagine, only to have this hidden gem turn it around for you?  Doesn't happen too often.BIGGEST TIP: Get there BEFORE the clubs close because you will be waiting in line FOREVER!!Tacos may seem a little small but they are proportionate to the prices.  The flavors, you'll love them.
5	Cheap, fast, delicious and friendly, our best meal during our last stay in Vegas.It doesn't look great from the outside at first glance, but the fear goes away once you taste the food.
5	Pork tacos straight off the spit. What else do you need? We come here multiple times every trip. One of the required visits.
5	Tacos are wonderful! One of my favorite taco shops on the planet! I love the carne asada and the small tostaditas. The meat has great cooked-over-wood taste and the guacamole on top is fantastic. Go early and beat the after drinking crowd. As a tip - remember to tip! Tips usually men fresh grilled veggies will hit your plate and some other extras. There are multiple meats to try here from basics to brains (sesos). The fries are a culinary treat! Enjoy this authentic taco shop!
5	This place is SO amazing!! Get the pork tacos? They are $2 a piece and are to die for!!
4	This spot seems like one of the best deals on the entire strip, and with all the great reviews, how can you pass this place up?After a day spent strolling around aimlessly, it was time. Time to eat. It's been a bookmark for a while now and decided we'd make a stop this time through town. We were passing right by it - so why not?The lines were kinda hectic, at first I wasn't sure what to make of it, but after a minute, I saw that there were about 8 lines for ordering your food; direct from the kitchen staff. Watch them cook up your order, then take it to the register to pay. Pretty simple once you realize how it works. Finding a place to sit and eat on the other hand, was a challenge. Five minutes of hovering around the tables, and a spot finally opened up - this place is packed with customers enjoying their meals.The Carne Asada tacos were excellent, but the disappointer here were the Adobada (spicy pork) fries. Usually a fan of pulled or shredded pork dishes, the Carne Asada would have likely been the better choice to top that huge mound of (half sized) fries; I certainly am glad the lady and I didn't order the large. The pork was good, just not awesome or over the top delicious - I'll plan to stick to the Carne Asada if I stop in again.With four tacos, a (half) order of fries, and a coke our bill came to about $15 - I dare you to try and find that anywhere else on the strip for less than $30. If you do, please let me know - I'm always down for some tasty tacos.Happy Yelping!
5	WHY DID I NOT KNOW ABOUT THIS PLACE SOONER???What's wrong with me! I'm usually on top of these things, and I've been missing out this entire time. During my trips to Vegas, I spend most of my time at Encore and for the longest time I did not know about Tacos El Gordo. The boyfriend heard from a friend about this place, because it was one of his favorite places in Vegas in terms of food. ARE WE AT THE ZOO?The boyfriend and I came during lunch, and the place was a zoo!!! Where to order your food may be quite confusing at first, but if you look there are signs at each station that tell you what they're making. So, you just go to the correct station and tell them what you want, and they'll make it for you. While we were waiting for our tacos, I noticed an employee wiping the stainless steel walls by the grill stations down with a towel. Then my eyes started to wander around the entire kitchen, and I noticed that the ENTIRE KITCHEN WAS SPOTLESS! Holy crap!! This place was clean as hell, which means NO DIARRHEA. YES!!!After we were given all the food we ordered, we walked over to one of the two cashier stations to pay for the food. Yes, so you get your food first and then bring your tray to a cashier where they will ring you up. This is where you can order your drinks. OUTDOOR SEATINGWith the number of people inside, I was surprised that there was a good number of tables available. I was expecting the table and seats to be filled with leftover food from the people who previously sat there, BUT there was nothing. Again, spotless! The tables are sitting under a big tent, so don't worry about birds crapping on your head or trying to steal your food. LUNCH IS MY FAVORITE PART OF THE DAYBetween the boyfriend and I, we had one spicy pork taco, 3 carne asada tacos and one half order of their carne asada fries. I've been to so many taco trucks and taquerias in San Francisco, and usually the dirtier the place the better it tastes. But Tacos El Gordo was clean, and it tasted even better than most of the taco trucks and taquerias I've been to in SF!! =X CONCLUSIONLike I said many times in this review, and I'll say it again, this place is very clean. Even their stainless steel garbage cans sitting outside are clean, not a spot to be found! With that being said, if you're afraid of getting mud butt, Hersey squirts, bubble guts, the runs or whatever else you want to call it, because you've eaten dirty tacos from a dirty taco truck or taqueria, you won't have to worry here! You can get the same delicious tacos without worrying about having the run to the bathroom later. Haha, that sounded like a commercial. Anyways, I'll definitely be coming back for more tacos in the future. I love tacos, and I love that there is a legit place on The Strip I can go to, to get it! :) I want a taco now.
5	Awesome! You made my day. My husband and i had an amazing dinner, i love Adobada fries, its tastes so good! (only $10). We definitely go back!
5	This place is delicious and reasonably priced. I rarely go to LV, but when I do return I will hit this place up again for lunch or dinner.
5	BEST TACOS IN LAS VEGAS!!!This is my favorite taco place, I haven't tasted tacos this good since I lived in Baja California, Mexico. These are truly the most authentic Mexican Tacos I have had in Las Vegas and nothing else compares to them.  I have taken at least 5 people to go eat Tacos with me and ALL 5 LOVE this place as well. There are 2 locations, and I will drive across town just for these tacos.  The employees are also very friendly, I went so many times that the employees started to recognize me among the hundreds of people that go eat tacos! I guarantee these will be the BEST tacos you will ever have!
5	I use to live in San Diego and loved this place. I was so excited when they opened a location in Vegas. It was a short walk from where we were staying so we ended up coming here TWICE in one trip. First was late at night after some drinks which was perfect. There wasn't much of a line and we were able to find seats right away. The second time was Sunday at noon where the place was a ZOO! I think they need to figure out a new way to ensure people know they are in the right lines and to also pay! I saw a few people that just sat down at tables after getting the food...I'm pretty sure they didn't pay? Anyway, I was able to ask the guy in my line to also get me two carne asada tacos from another line, tehehe.This place is awesome. I'll be coming time and time again!
5	Authentic tacos just like in Mexico, served on waxed paper and all! My favorite are the lengua tacos.  You know it's authentic when about 75% of the customers are Mexican lol
4	Street tacos, fast, dirty (in a good way!), and flavorful.  Most people get nostalgic with their mom's spaghetti, fried chicken, or whatever.Not me.  Throw me a plate of tacos de buche, extra crispy tripas, and maybe some sesos if I'm feeling dangerous and I'm blasted back into the past as 11 year old me on an LA street corner taco shop munching away on organ meats.Would've been 5 stars if i was still recovering from the night before and if they tacos were $0.50 cheaper.Bottom line: fast, authentic, TJ style tacos at American prices.  Get away from the buffets and get down on some buche.
4	Soooo good.... It's worth every dime and every minute I waited in line. Would have been better if we don't have to wait on separate lines for different meat. The only set back is really the small space. There's no space to stand, let alone walk fr one line to another.
5	Tried this place with my hubby for a snack and totally fell in love with their food. It's a great cheap eat in the heart of Vegas (next to the Wynn). Make sure you taste their spicy pork tacos! They are just fantastic! (and cheap, 1 taco = $2)
5	By far the best taco spot in Las Vegas. I first came here when I went on a date with this guy; I still thank him for bringing me here lol. But ever since then, i can't stay away! I come here at least once a week and every time my taste buds praise me for gracing them with such great tasting food. I also brought my family here with me one day and they all fell in love. I've tried both the carne asada and the spicy pork tacos but I have to say that the spicy pork tacos are my all time fav! The people are always really nice and the guys working the grills be movin! I can't get enough of this place!! Great food for a great price... That's what I'm all about.
4	I like this place. The people working here were all so friendly and very inviting. The food was well priced for Vegas.  and the carne asade was REAL carne asada juicy and delicious! The only reason I'm giving it 4 instead of 5 was because I ordered the carne asada fries and they were a little dry. But someone else might hive the tacos a 5! Worth a try. :)
5	Carne Asada Fries. It's all you need. Now life is complete. Life has purpose and meaning. That purpose is to have more carne asada fries which make life better. They have a huge selection of great Mexican food but you need to try the carne asada fries! Tender flavorful meat on top of delicate fries and covered in shredded cheese, magic green sauce and just a drop of sour cream = happiness. And a 1/2 order is only $5 - big enough for 4 people!!Located just north of the Wynn on the strip and open extremely late it's one of those Vegas secrets that make it an incredible trip. Warning - you will want this again. Crave it. Need it.
2	This place is cool but I've had better Mexican food. The carne asada tacos are good, not a fan of there guacamole. I've also had better. My family liked it. I can go without coming here again. I loved the different varieties of meat and the spicy pork is the best taco here and of course I love my Horchata..can't go wrong with that. It's always overcrowded and you have to go on a hunt just to get a seat. Good thing is it's open late a good place for a quick grub or after the club hunger in Vegas.
4	We had Tacos El Gordo last night for dinner.The environment is hectic. The place was packed with people and there was a lot of confusion over the fact that you had to stand in different lines for different items. They are set up station style. This can be a little problematic if there is only one of you ordering but you want different things which is why the only thing I ordered was 8 Tacos De Adobada because I ended up in that line. Next time I will make sure there is at least 3 people with me so one person can stand in each line to order a variety.The tacos were on your typical small duel corn tortillas flash fried in oil. The meat was sliced right onto the shells and then the tacos were dressed with fresh cilantro, red salsa, chopped onions and then a creamy avocado sauce.Two thumbs up for the tacos. They were delicious and after we ate them I wish I had ordered about 4 more. There is just something about tacos in the west that are truly fantastic and you just cant beat the prices.
3	I HOPE SOMEONE FROM MANAGEMENT READS THESE REVIEWS !!!  3 stars because the food is really good, but very disorganized and disorderly when it comes to ordering. We stood in line over 40 minutes with people cutting in, and to make it worse,  once we got the food we went over to try to find a seat ...another 35 minutes , there were more people seated down waiting for friends to bring the food over than people actually eating.  It became a lounge rather than a dining area!   By the time we found a seat,  food was cold and it will never taste the same . WHAT A SHAME TO FAIL IN THE MIDDLE OF SUCCESS.  At least put signs outside stating that you cannot save seats if you are not consuming food!
5	Best MEXICAN FOOD in the USA. My favorite here is the al pastor tacos. To order your meal you walk up to the station labeled with your meat preference (pollo, chorizo, al pastor, etc). You then take your food and purchase it at the register behind the line. There is not much seating and definitely no service but the food is extraordinary, especially whatever they put in that green salsa that they add in the tacos. If you've never been to Vegas and want to try some good food this place is a definite MUST.
5	The Al Pastor were like none I've had before. PHENOMENAL DELICIOUS PERIOD. I've been looking for this style of Taco in LA and no luck, go figure. The service was great cause the Paisas making the Tacos were down to earth and I understand the Lingo ;-) I also enjoyed the Chiles asados and cebollitas. Nothing beats these Tacos Estillo Tijuana!!!
3	As soon as you step in, the smell of oil and taco smoke was overpowering. I took my order to go, there was just no way I can eat comfortably inside the restaurant without chocking on smoke. The cool thing is that they make the tacos right in front of you. Our taxi diver spoke very highly of this place so we decided to try it. We order tacos of pastor, buche, carne asada, and lengua. We ordered 16 tacos and 2 quesadillas for 2 people lol. However, customer services SUCKS! I wanted salsa and the taco people sent me to the cashier, then the cashier sent me to the taco people again. Waste of time. I ordered so much food and they were stingy on the salsa. Also, the cashiers are pretty rude and so are the guys making the tacos. They have so many people go there they treat you like cattle. As for the tacos, I expected more but they were just ok.
2	Awwww man! Was super pumped to finally have tacos el gordo again (after moving from San Diego to LA I've been deprived) but this location does NOT live up to it's name. The one in San Diego is so, so perfect... :'(Basically came here last night after clubbing with my girlfriends and was having the munchies late, and happily found that this place was still open at 2am. Ordered the adobada (spicy pork) and beef tongue (langua) tacos, and shared a $10 carne Asada fries with my friend. The tacos were pretty good, meat was moist and good amount of cilantro & onions. But when I asked for salsa sauce they told me "we don't have anymore" twice (after disbelief & shock). I believed them-- only to realize moments later that plenty of people seemed to have salsa on their tables. -__- so my friend had to get it for me, because goodness knows why they hate me and won't give me any sauces. The carne Asada fries were baaaaad. The beef was way too dry and SUPER smokey tasting. It's like they accidentally left it to smoke for hours ... Basically the San Diego location trumps this one.
5	Spicy pork! Literally so amazing! So go eat a ton of tacos. It's so worth it.
5	Large variety compared to a lot of other Mexican food places! And for a decent price! The menu ranges from $2-$12. The best thing about this place is that they're pretty much ALWAYS open!
5	One of the benefits of staying at the Wynn is it's close proximity to Tacos El Gordo.  Tacos El Gordo is a must visit place for my buddy and I when we're in Vegas.  It really is that good.  All the tacos are great, but the spicy pork is something special, which likely explains why the lines for pork are ALWAYS longer than the lines for beef.  Each line serves pork or beef, but not both, so you need to pay attention to what line you're in.  This place pulls a crowd more or less ALL THE TIME, so be prepared.  But, they are set up for a crowd, and the lines move pretty quick.Note:  No alcohol is served, only soft drinks.
4	Drunk food at it's finest. When you find yourself leaving the Encore at 3am, have a hankering for some recovery food, this is the logical place to swing by. The place was packed. No surprise there, most of the people there were in the same state as we were. Between the three of us, we managed to order enough food to sample a small portion of the menu. I tried to order chicken tacos, but to my surprise, they don't have chicken. I'm not a huge fan of pork, so this left steak tacos for me. My girlfriend had the adobada tacos, grilled jalapenos and we all shared the carne asada fries. The table favorite was the fries. All 3 of us have been talking about them since. I now have a go to place when I'm in the area, those fries are going to haunt me.
4	Oh geez, where do I start.  I've heard so much hype about the tacos here and I was excited to finally make it to the Las Vegas Blvd. location to get some to go.  There was no parking so my bf dropped me off while he circled the parking lot.  As soon as I walked in, I was overwhelmed. It was like a crazy zoo with people just everywhere. It was hard to tell where to order as there were 6-8 lines.  I grabbed a tray and jumped into one of these lines. I was maybe the 15th person back so it was a bit of a wait.  When I finally got up to the window, the guy serving informed me that the meat I wanted, asada, was not available in that line and I needed to go to another line.  Actually, he kind of yelled all of this at me in Spanish and after going back and forth for a few minutes I finally understood his irritated frantic pointing to the signs taped to the glass in front of him.  Frustrated and defeated, I slowly made my way all to the way to the back of another line and waited and waited 15 more minutes.Finally I got up to the front of the line and it was smooth sailing from here.  I ordered 3 asada, 3 chorizo, and 3 adobada.  Once I got the food, I didn't know what to do since they were on a plate on my tray and I needed them to go.  I must have looked like a lost puppy because one of the workers cleaning up the soda machine asked me if I needed help and with huge relief I said yes, I needed these to go.  So he directed me to the cashier and said she'd put them in a to go back for me after I paid.  Done and done! I got back in the car and we immediately started going to town on these bad boys. I must say, they were amazing and worth every frustrated minute of waiting in line.   Can't wait to go back and do it all over again, except this time, I know what line to get into!!
5	Best street tacos in Vegas. Possibly the best I have ever had and I buy them on the streets of Mexico. The asada, buche, cabeza, & spicy pork were great. They are small and cost about $2 each. Sopes, tostadas, mules, quesadillas, french fries disguised as nachos are also available.  The lines are inefficient. Each type of meat has its own line. Not great if you go alone. A group that splits up works best. This place is EXTREMELY loud. It's in Vegas on the strip so most patrons will be intoxicated. The flavor was great. I recommend it.
4	They have some pretty bomb tacos here! It was really good and not too expensive either. The only thing is if you want a variety of things you have to get in a lot of different lines. Each line offers different type of meat. On the plus side, they give you free grilled onions and peppers!! The downside is that its super packed, and it takes awhile, especially if someone makes a big order. We ended up lining up for ~30min until we got to the front to order.I ended up eating 3 tacos, a quesadilla and shared some carneasada fries. It was the perfect amount for me.
4	Great tacos and a fast service considering how busy they do get the seating since a lot of people but he usually busy around the times I go they do offer regular sodas as well as or horchata and pineapple
5	Based on proximity to my hotel and Yelp reviews, I decided to try this place. It looks a little sketchy, but I'm really glad I did... the food is amazing and fairly inexpensive. The nice outdoor seating area is a bonus. The tacos asada and adobada are delicious. I ordered one of each and then, immediately after finishing those, I went back for 2 more. It's not fancy, but it's great food.
4	The people who claim this taco joint is the greatest ever are probably not from the southwest. It is a very typical Mexican taco joint - all types of beef-related meats (carne asada for most, tongue and brain for the the adventurous. This place has a straight-forward menu. Heads-up:  when they ask you if you want everything on your $2 tacos, you are ok'g onions, cilantro, guacamole and salsa. The service is good and quick. I went at 6:30 pm on Wednesday evening during CES and there was no line.
5	5 stars ..not because this is a 5 star dining establishment , but because for the product they sell-it's 5 stars hands down!!!! I've been wanting to try this place for over a year and finally came..sooooooo tasty! I feel like I'm in Mexico! I had a Lengua taco, asada mulas, and a asada vampiro. All 3 were yummazing! Service was very fast & very friendly. The place was also clean inside and smelled goooood. I'm sold!!! Officially in love and will return anytime my taco craving hits :)))
4	This is my go to spot after a night of clubbing when I'm craving tacos. They are open until 5am on Saturday,  which really is EARLY Sunday morning. They are usually very busy but are efficient in getting your food out asap. There are separate lines designated for which tacos you want. I love how they also accept credit cards including AMEX.Their tacos are good! I get the Taco de Adobado which is their pastor. They shave the pork off the spindle and even cut a piece of pineapple. It's absolutely delish and you must try it!
5	I love this place!  It is pretty cheap, although the $2 tacos are small for someone like my husband that could eat 5 of them.  Love the spicy pork.
5	Went here while I was in Vegas for a friend's birthday weekend. We went in the afternoon and it was packed! They have late night hours and I'm sure if I was close by fter club or party, I woud be there! I love Mexican food and being in the West Coast sure gives you a different perspective of what real Mexican food should be like.  I had Tacos de lengua, carne asada and buche. All delicous.  One thing bad, the fact that you can't order all your tacos on one line. I had to ask my friend to get me buche from the line she was in. Definitely going again if ever in LV again.
5	OMG! I am in love with the tacos at this place. Every time I visit Vegas, this place is a must! Everyone is so friendly, been here a couple times, (let's say...three times a year) & the staff still remembers my face every time.
5	Stop reading and go get tacos now!!!!!!    Always delicious!!!!!    Best I have ever had
1	This place has peer unprofessional people their all rude and ignorant I have gone twice and both times were very bad experiences !!!my experience on this location was horrible I had to walk out and eat some were else cause of the bad customer service they have ...so I went their with my family it was like 13 of us so I go in the my first time their I ask a lady in Spanish hey how do I get to the tent outside were the door and she said well walking how else that is the rudest thing an employee can say to a customer so I asked for a manager and she just walked away I was shocked of how rude that lady was ....so I let it go me and my husband go to the adobada section and my husband told the guys hey what do you have here it was our first time their the guy didn't say anything he just hit the menu sign with his hand and said don't you see ...that was it my husband just walked out and went to 7/11 to buy a sandwich when he was craving the tacos but they were very disrespectful ..I'm a manager for multiple businesses and their management have to get on top of things and show those people great customer service cause they don't have one bit of customer service ....they have to understand that customers are everything with out them your nothing they have to understand that they have a salary or a check because of customers I will never go to this place again very unprofessional and disrespectful people their....
5	Best food ever. One of the most unlikely highlights of vegas. This is the real deal.. Try everything.
5	EGG-cellent inebriated location for those late night munchies. I had Tacos El Gordo in San Diego...and they were absolutely delicious...and I was sober. One can only imagine how much more I would have enjoyed them if I werent sober.So remember this...It has been a long and fun night of fist pumping to insane EDM music...your drunk because for some reason your liver thinks its a god in vegas...you dont want to travel far becuase your lazy...and you dont want to overpay because your cheap. So where do you go?TACOS EL GORDO is your solution!-TACOS EL GORDOs is probably the best tacos in Vegas-TACOS EL GORDOs is as authentic as it gets-large variety of proteins to choose from-closes late!-located at the end of the strip-taste absolutely amazing...especially when drunk-cheap!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
5	Oh. My. Goodness. These Tacos are AMAZING. Like if you are going to eat at ONE PLACE while you're in Vegas... PICK THIS ONE!!!The guys serving up the food are so friendly and will give you grilled pineapple if you tip them. (I know from experience haha)It's a hole in the wall kind of place and it is always packed but with good reason. The food is unbelievable!!!Make sure you order a MULAS with Spicy Pork. It is like a cheesy quesadilla with spicy/delicious/fresh pork and amazing toppings. I don't even know half of the ingredients that came on my tacos but WOW THEY WERE GOOD!!Super cheap too. I would eat here every day if I could.
5	Wow, spicy pork = Mexican shawerma incredible, best tacos I've ever had no competition.
1	Who wants to get food poisoning during your vegas vaycay place is bomb  just do not get the alpastor meat made me sick all night!
5	Taco de Adobada (spicy pork). Enough said. Hands down the best tacos. Better than King Taco/El Taurino. I hate that I have to miss these tacos... The one past San Diego is almost a 2 hour drive for me, but I'm always down for the drive! Description: order first! Pay after! There are different lines for different tacos. Choose wisely! I just get in the Adobada line and order a ton of spicy pork. First, 2 corn tortillas are dipped in the meat oil and is placed on the pan grill to sizzzzle. Omg!!!! Sounds fattening, but oh so good! The worker cuts slices of the flavorful and tender meat onto your tortilla- if you're lucky, you'll receive the crispier parts of the meat - texture is perfect and soooo good (you'll get what I mean when you order)! The worker will ask if you want everything (cilantro, onion, guacamole) - SAY EVERYTHING! Sometimes, if the worker is in a nice mood, he'll give you pineapple slices that is on top of the rotating meat! Dang, they don't skimp on the meat.Too far? Just drive. :D Tips: ask for grilled green onions and jalepenos. Sooooo good! Don't forget your radish (sliced or whole) and limes at the cart!
5	You have to try the spicy pork taco. So many great flavors. Savory pork, creamy cilantro sauce, citrus, some heat, and a whole lot of love
5	Love it!, no need to say more. Everything on the menu is good but if you're coming here try something different and don't go for boring carne Asada just saying.:-)
5	Hella good tacos - especially al pastor.  Been here a few times and I occassionally have day dreams of this place during my taco craves :)  Theyre open late too!
5	My socal friends highly recommended this place so we decided to hit it up. There was about a 20 minute wait, but luckily for us, our friends had went ahead and ordered for us, so we skipped the line. Our group of 4 ordered 10 adobada tacos and one large adobada fries. The adobada isn't actually spicy so it was easy to devour the tacos. The fries have some green sauce drizzled all over it that my friend likes to call "crack" sauce since it is so addictive. This place is probably too far to walk from the middle of the strip, so I'd recommend taxiing here. It is well worth it!
5	This isn't my first time here at Tacos El Gordo and it definitely isn't my last.This one in particular, is at the end of the strip, near circus circus and encore. I love Tacos El Gordo and I personally have not had any tacos better than this place. The special here is the Adobada (spicy pork) tacos. The server cuts the meat from a rotating pig that makes you just want to drool when looking at it. The tacos are constructed so quickly and I have been to vegas many times to notice the same exact server!I also always order the Large Adobada Fries which can feed around 5 people. It is a whirlwind of flavor with a special green "crack" sauce that is so unbelievably good I cannot describe it any other way.The tacos are about $2 each with the large fries being $10. For vegas, this is great, cheap food. I would order 3-4 tacos and split the fries with friends.
5	Place is really random off the strip but is freaking amazing.
5	I'm from Texas, Houston to be exact so I've had plenty of Mexican food in my lifetime. The spicy pork tacos had me chewing and shaking my head in silence. So good, best tacos I've ever had. Great food for a low price right on the strip, what more could you ask for?
5	Best tacos I've ever ate in my whole life. It's a must going here when ever we come to Las Vegas.
5	The best lengua sopes I've had in town.  Very tender, melts in your mouth and flavorful.  You have to get to see for yourself!  Ideal for a late night cravings with friends.  I hear they normally have lines out the door, but I got lucky on a week day and was able to order & get my food in 20 minutes.
5	This place is great. Amazing quick food. Nice people. Additionally it was a treat to eat at a great place in Las Vegas and not pay ridiculous prices.
5	Let me help you understand how good this place actually is. I don't normally like Mexican food. It isn't my preferred food category, but this place was so good. Everything was cooked in front of me and everything was spot on. It definitely hit the spot for that late afternoon hangover.
5	Street tacos - fantastic! You walk in the door and the grill smoke greets your nostrils and you begin to salivate. Service is fast and friendly, food is fresh and delicious -- and inexpensive. A great option on the strip.
3	Food was good not great. Very authentic. Two lines one for spicy pork the other for beef and innards yes correct. Local Hispanic population mainly so I know authentic. It's very chaotic and know what you want when you get to front of line!!!!! Server will not help you order so be prepared for that. Limited seating for size of crowd. I attempted to eat in outside seating and helper looked at me like 'don't you see there is no available seating?"This place is popular I believe because it's the ONLY place in town so they know if want this you don't have any other choice.
5	Being a fan on Tacos el Gordo now, i wanted to try their Strip location, located a little north of the Wynn Casino. You may or may not pass it the first time but once you pass Wynn, and the little overpass (desert inn), there is a parking lot that leads to a Church . You can either park here (before Tacos el Gordo) or park in the lot after passing the restaurant. The restaurant itself faces Las Vegas Blvd, so not hard to spot it if you are looking for it.Unlike the Charleston location, this location also has outdoor seating. Something different from the other location as well, they have double the amount of lines, but as you can probably guess.... this location can be MUCH MUCH busier. But if you want tongue/stomach, i think there is only ONE line for that (far right off to the side). First time i came here, mid day, not really busy at all. Later few times, were in the evening, SUPER PACKED ! ! You'd think there was some sale or something ! Some people say the quality of their stuff is less than of the Charleston location. Meat quality, i think is the same. If you were to order fries, i've had varying experiences with that. Sometimes fresh out of the fryer, sometimes not. My favorites to get is beef tongue, pork stomach. Super flavorful and something you usually dont get at your chain store Taco Bell (rarely go fast food anyway, esp not Taco Bell)Good idea, if you are going with other people... is if you want different meats, have each person be in different lines and get the order. Otherwise, you'll be in line for a long long time... Surprisingly, even the outdoor seating, there is always someone cleaning up. Great service ! Not like that was something i was looking for anyway, but it was a plus ! A lot of times, while sitting there after eating, and just talking, they'd come up and help us take our trays and trash away. Good central location to go to if you live on the West or South side. Fairly easy to get to, unless the Strip is busy due to a holiday or weekend.
4	Got a taco craving? Get yourself to Tacos El Gordo. Apparently there's a location on Charleston if you don't' want to go on the Sttrip, but this is the one I went to. You walk in and see the meat behind the counter, place your order and watch as it is made, then take your tray up to the cashier to pay. It doesn't get fresher than this.The lengua is amazing. I don't care how you feel about eating another animal's tongue, it's delicious- especially here, and particularly in the fries. Lengua quesadilla is also tasty, but the bottom tortilla is flour and the top is a tostada... so it's a little odd. Eat it anyway.Best tacos were the spicy pork and the beef shoulder, honorable mention to the super-crispy tripas. Ordered all as-is with the salsas and sauces. These people know what they're doing.Now for the lengua fries- a half order will run you $6, pricey for fries. But worth it. It's a giant portion of salty, crispy fries, topped with a healthy (NOT!) portion of lengua meat, sour cream, guac, and cheese. It sounds revolting but it's amazing, and it doesn't taste as heavy as it sounds, either- which is a bad thing because I could put away a lot of this dish.Side note: apparently if you order the "half order" and tip the guy, you end up with a wink and a full order. Oops.
4	Om om om... The only reason I did not give them 5 stars due to price and limited seating. But anyway, back to taco love land.. Amaz.. yes indeed. As you wait in your line of choice (each line has a designated list you can choose from of meats). You can order quesadillas, mullas, tacos, vampiros... with any meat of choice depending on your line of choice. As you wait you will notice fresh corn tortillas are being made and the meat sizzling on the burning grill. As you order you place your order with the man that chops the meat on the block and preps your order to your liking in a matter of seconds. If you ask for the everything you will get cilantro, chopped onions, salsa and guacamole.. mmmhmmm. You place your order on your tray and then walk over to the cashier, who they makes the count and charges your per item. She also is in charge of drinks, and if you want extra salsa (free) you request from her. As you head for the door to eat, don't forget to grab your limes, radishes and salt or pepper. As I mentioned earlier, depending on the time of day, you might not be able to find seating. THis is located in an older center north of the Wynn hotel, right next to some souvenir store. Definitely on my list of stops when in Vegas.
4	I do love me tacos and thank goodness this spot is not far off the strip.  its actually on the Strip!!! I can stumble my drunk ass over there from the Wynn casino.  If you go ne time pass 9p there will be a long ass line guaranteed.   I came here cuz my friend suggested it and thank goodness I did.   tacos go about $2 ea.  There are 3 different lines for certain meats so pay attention to the line your in.  people on yelp talk about the spicy pork but I suggest the cabeza and Tripas.   yeeeeeeeah boy were they good.  The two tortillas can't hold all the meat they pile on there!  Grab ur soda from the souvenir store next door and grab some tacos.  U will not leave hungry. you can put your $ on that.
4	Tacos El Gordo is the only place to go for real authentic tasting tacos at very affordable prices!  Located right on the strip, this is a very popular spot and is usually very busy.  They have a tasty selection of food to choose from.  I ordered the Tacos Adobada (spicy pork) and Tacos Asada along with a Sope Asada .  The Tacos Adobada was sooo mouth watering delicious! The pork was so tender and the salsa sauce was flavorful.  The Asada tacos and Sope were really good too, but the Adobada was the winner.When it is crowded (which is usually all the time) ordering can be a little confusing, especially if it's your first time. They have several counters where the meat is prepared.  Above the counters are the menus the items you can order from that counter. You pick up a tray go to the counter and place your order. They prepare the food in front of you. While at the counter you can also order grilled jalapenos and green onions. Very yummy.  After you visited the counters you go to the register to pay and also order any drinks.   Then you find a place to sit and enjoy. There is also a salsa cart with a variety of salsas fresh radishes, and limes. They offer free refills on the fountain drinks.  The inside seating is limited, but they also offer outside seating as well. Family owned straight out of Tijuana! They keep the prices affordable, $2 tacos! So please don't forget to Tip!! If you like the authentic feel and taste of a real taqueria, then Tacos El Gordo is a must stop when visiting Las Vegas!
5	While we were staying in Las Vegas for a trip we had a craving for tacos, so my husband found this place by doing a search on urban spoon. I was a little skeptical at first because my husband has a tendency to take me to sketchy areas for food while we're traveling which usually leads to a spat because I worry something bad is going to happen to us. It was a small trek and it's a little bit off the strip, but it was well worth it.This is hands down the best tacos I've ever had in my entire life! These were even better than the food we had while staying in Cabo. I still have cravings for this place. If this place was near us we'd be there at least once a week if not more! When we go back to Vegas we'll definitely make our way back here. Don't be skeptical if you're from out of town, you won't regret it!
4	Their tacos are small, but tasty. I fell in love with the adobada (spicy pork) tacos! Don't forget to add radish and lime, it's perfect when you're a bit peckish.
5	I went to vegas this past weekend for my birthday and my boyfriend wanted to visit a taco place he went to back in the day.  We told the cab driver where we wanted to go, he said, no you have to try here and thats how we found this place.  The food here was so freaking good! I spent 3 days in California with my cousin and had mexican at places that I thought had the best food, but after going here, I was proven wrong. First of all we had no idea what we were doing or what anything was.  But i knew it was going to be awesome because of all the cops eating there.  I went up to a cop and asked him a few questions about what to order and what he recommended.  10 minutes later we walked out of there with a giant bag full of food.  I wish i could give specifics on what we ordered, but honestly, I don't really remember.  We just took the cops recommendations and then when the guy behind the counter started asking us questions, I said " I have no idea, just make it like you would eat it."  Everything was so delicious! It was the best Mexican food I ever had.  I strongly recommend getting the spicy pork.  It was delicious.  I wish we got everything with spicy pork.  This is a place I will definitely visit when i go to vegas next time, and I know I will be craving their food in the near future!
4	With all the good reviews, I had to give this one a try. Glad I did! All the other reviews were spot on. Only downgrade from 5 stars is due to the disposition of the cashier. She was not very nice and was not happy when I had to ask more than twice for some translation because my Spanglish needs some work. Other than that, a few pesky gnats found their way onto my tacos. Ordered 2 steak tacos and 2 spicy pork tacos and a diet coke.---$10.05. Not bad for Vegas.
5	So much better than Taco Bell any day!And just as cheap. Perfect after the bar munchies fix.The place gets packed but the line goes quick and there seemed to be plenty of seats to go around. Staff is friendly.
5	excellent! I highly recommend the pork. The fries were surprisingly delicious. They look like a mess on the plate but they taste absolutely amazing. The service was fast and this is some of the cheapest food that you can get on the strip. I highly recommend it!
4	Pretty good tacos, I liked that tortillas were homemade, it's kinda hectic in here, pretty loud however the staff was very nice and the service was super fast especially the cooks behind the counters were incredibly fast preparing orders. I tried the crane asada tacos only so I can't say much about the rest of their food.
2	Maybe I am spoiled with the Mexican cuisine in Salt Lake City, but I just don't think this place lived up to the hype. Over 700 ratings averaging 4.5 stars, I thought it had to be mind blowing.. but not exactly. We had the spicy pork tacos and carne asada tacos. The guac was very bland. The service was really bad, too. We ordered and stood there forever, finally getting our carne asada tacos. They must have completely forgotten about the pork tacos, but after reminding them we eventually got them. It wasn't even crowded, either. It was a bummer to discover the horchata was out of service, too. I wouldn't go back here--but that's because I can get better authentic Mexican in my hometown. I guess I can see how those who don't have access to these type of places would love it. It's definitely authentic.. just not that great.
4	Bombest mexican food ever! This is what "The Valley" needs! I come from LA and tried this place! It is the perfect mexican food spot, and everything is perfect and tasty! Would definently come back again, when i go visit vegas
5	All that hype and all that talk is definitely worth the 1 hour wait! The BEST tacos I've had in so long. I wouldn't recommend going here if you're a vegetarian, if you wait in that big line for a quesadilla be ready to see the cow brains slowly sizzling in some pot. haha And for all you meat lovers don't miss out on these tacos, I had basic Asada tacos and a quesadilla with meat and it was amazing. Great taco spot and reasonably priced!
4	When I first came here, the area was pretty sketchy. Ordering my food was a bit chaotic because there are certain lines you have to stand in for certain foods, so that whole process was a bit confusing. When I finally was able to order my food, the cook making my food was so nice. He made my tacos quick and precise, it was pretty cool watching him throw guacamole and salsa  in the air and having them land perfectly on my taco. I would definitely recommend my friends to this place. Cheap and delicious food.
2	Definitely overrated. I ask you, how can you claim you make good Mexican food (supposedly full of flavor and spices) and you can't even be bothered to put a little salt in the guac? Everything I've ever tried here is so BLAND!The only redeeming thing about this place is when you see the little, old Mexican ladies making the tortillas in front of you. Having said that, I grew up on the Texas/Mexico border. Every taco shop on the border does that.Don't get me wrong. The tacos here aren't awful, but they're certainly not worthy of four or even three stars. My guess is that most of the people who gave this place a good rating were a little drunk when they ate the food.) The location is two seconds from Wynn.) If you're sober and want good tacos, go somewhere else. You're welcome.
5	Excellent flavor, fast cutting cooks, but long lines. Strategy in standing in line will help speed up the process. Must try when in Vegas...
5	Best tacos I've had in Vegas! $2/taco but worth it. If you come with another peraon and you both want diffferent types of tacos i would recommend each of you getting in a line since there are 3 different lines. This place is always full and long lines so be patient!
5	If you want the closes to authentic Mexican food, then this is the best place to come too. Try everything on the menu, especially the spicy pork.
4	Tacos were fantastic and at $2 a pop too. I had the spicy pork, which weren't too spicy. I had the regular pork and didn't really taste much of a difference between the two. The one drawback is if you want different types of tacos, such as the pork and the spicy pork, you have to get on different lines. My friend got the half order of carne fries. They were huge, it was full styrafoam container of fries, cheese, pork, guac and sauce. We couldn't finish them. The lines move pretty fast, but it is a hassle to wait on more than one line. Then you still have to wait on another line to pay. They had a tent for extra seating, which was heated. We arrived near closing and this place was packed and more people were coming in. I guess it was the place to grab some grub after a night of clubbing.
5	We walked by this place a couple times.  Always smelled delicious and was obviously popular based on there always being costumers at all times of day and night.  So we decided to give it a try for a cheap dinner.  Glad we did!To order, you walk up to the counter.  Read the signs because each section is for certain types of meat.  First time thru we ordered tacos de asada...the guy who prepared them was friendly and fast!   They were so yummy that we went back for more and decided to try the al pastor and the chorizo.  Delicious! With sodas and 3 tacos each, we paid about $15.  Really good deal for really good street tacos!  We'll eat here again for sure.
5	Azteca Tacos were amazing.  I thought El Guero Canelo was the business, but Tacos el Gordo on the LV Strip by Riviera (just past Wynn on S. Las Vegas Blvd) takes the cake.  Thankfully, they are a Tijuana brand and they are here in San Diego too.  Life is good.
4	Busy. Seems like the food is good. Just don't stand in line for 15 mins before you realize you are in the wrong line to order what you want.This place is a lesson in patience because there is no method to the madness. Unbelievably slow for $2 tacos.  It is as slow as they are fast.Finally got our food after like 35 minutes then there was mob as the cashier as people from five different lines tried to pay for their food.  Enjoy!
4	Where can you get authentic, fast, cheap tacos in Vegas? TACOS EL GORDO. There's one on charleston, but this review is for the one on las vegas blvd.Typically $2 tacos for a variety of meats: cabeza, lengua, adobada, and many more incarnations. Sad thing is I've waited so long to have amazing, real tacos until I've been introduced. Been here many times since then. WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE WHEN YOU'RE A TACOS EL GORDO VIRGIN/TOURIST: Standing around awkwardly trying to figure out where to order. HOW TO ORDER: It's simple: one line for all other meat (cabeza, lengua etc.). One line for adobada (at least at this location). I believe they have more lines open to order, but I've come here a few times when it was just two lines. To those griping about the format of the lines, get over it. It's understandable that you want instant gratification and to get all your tacos at once, but the food comes out quick enough. If anything it's a bit more efficient. If you come with at least one other person (and chances are you're here with someone else) here's an idea: have one person stay in one line for a type of taco, and another person in another line waiting for the other tacos. Simple. Meet up at the register to pay for your tray. For $2 tacos and this delicious AND on the STRIP (lots of overpriced food places on the strip), it's not all that bad. You're free to try swankier places on the strip if you're that peeved. PERFECT FOR: Drunk people! Tipsy people! People-watchers! Night owls! Broke people! You might get a heart-attack if you ate here everyday, but you cannot beat the prices and the prime location. It does get super busy, but luckily, it's got late-night hours for that after-club/after-party bite. FOOD: The adobada tacos are deliciously marinated. It's fun watch it turn spit-style on a pineapple as it's being sliced for you. Flavorful, fattening, quick, and cheap. They don't skimp on the tacos either. Loaded with marinated meat, lettuce, tomatoes..my mouth is watering just remembering it. Carne asada fries are disappointing, yet still tasty for me. Crackly, torn adobada instead of soft mixed with guacamole and green sauce loaded (key word: LOADED) with cheese, sour cream, and fries. Nothing too special, but very filling and good for sharing. Wished it had more guacamole and green sauce. Might be a miss for some people. VERDICT: For the price you can't beat it. For the flavor, it's some of the best tacos in town. Overrated? Yeah. Best tacos ever? No, but it's better than Roberto's or a taco bell. This place has performed consistently for me that it's always perfectly moist, flavorful, rich meat. For others, the rush hour and lines might throw some off. Not a bad place for tourists and locals alike to try out for late night eats.
2	I think the ratings are a little skewed on this place. Unless you grew up eating this sort of disgusting crap, then you will not like this place. There is no chicken, fish, ground beef, vegetables, rice or beans. What they have is: beef brain, tripe, lengua (tongue) and some sort of fatty pork cut from a large skewer, and a few other combinations of these. Maybe this is authentic Mexican tacos, but the average AMERICAN diner will probably not be happy. Yes the tacos are 2 dollars, but hey are very small. The average male would probably want 4 to 6 tacos.
1	So we yelp this place and saw that it had great reviews. We were craving carne asada tacos so we trusted the comments. As soon as we got in the facility, it was like a smoke house. You could hardly breathe. So we waited in line for about 10 minutes to find out that we were in the wrong line. Still trying to be positive, we got in a line that you could only order carne.  We orders 6 carne asada tacos and carne fries. Not only did we pay about 26 bucks, the food tasted terrible. The meat was so hard and the tortillas were soaked with grease, we just left the food on the table for everybody to see. I was really surprised due to the reviews. Maybe it was just a bad day for us, but I don't think we will give it another chance.
5	These are the best tacos I have ever had. I had the tacos de lengua, adobada, al pastor, and carne asada. They were all delicious, with lots of flavor, and their own unique sauce for each meat. The carne asada fries were so good. They actually put carne asada not like other places. My wife and I shared the small size and it was more than enough. My favorite was adobada. It was full of flavor and really good sauce. The lengua was perfect, which I have a really hard time finding. Their al pastor was bomb with a really good sauce to go with it. This place is legit, and a everyone needs to try it. The line is long but worth it.
3	Right smack on the Strip! Perfect for after a night of clubbing & drinking. We actually came for dinner before the club. There was a hugeass line. Each line serves a different kinda meat. I enjoyed the tripas and the spicy pork! Very tasty tacos but......... I ended up having food poisoning afterwards and yacking everything out. =( The tacos did tasted good though so I will return next time to give it another chance.
4	Ughhh why are the lines soo long???Because they are that good. Yes. Really close to the Wynn, with a shared parking lot if you're driving, on the strip, open late, super cheap, and absolutely delicious after a day of drinking or not drinking whatever floats your boat.My favorite is the adobada (spicy pork) and who could say no to a cup of horchata for $1.40. Nobody that's who! Don't forget to ask for the pineapple! Yum.If you're going with a group of people, better split up and wait in different lines (there are 3) so you could order faster. Can't wait to visit the one in San Diego soon!
4	Authentic and wonderful. $2 tacos. No chicken ones. Everything is made fresh even the tortillas!  Great street food!
5	Cheap Mexican food on the strip with absolutely amazing adobada and lengua tacos. Can't rave on more about both meats - you just have to try it!
5	This place is hands down my favorite place to get Mexican food in LV... hell probably anywhere.  All the food is great quality and you really cant go wrong with anything on the menu (and yes I've tried everything at least once).  The most popular item is easily to adobada tacos which are heavenly and perfect when you're not trying to stuff yourself.  This place is also really cool because anything you see on the menu you can put on top of fries (like carne asada fries style!).  I always find myself coming back to this place and its always a go to when friends come to visit!Favorite items: Adobada Tacos (w pineapple), Buche Tacos, Tripe Tacos
4	Dirty Mexican food definitely hits the spot after a whole day/night of drinking... And Tacos El Gordo is the place to be! Not only is it super cheap ($2/taco) but its super delicious. We got the al pastor, carne asada, and the abodaba (spicy pork) tacos. My favorite was the abodaba (spicy pork). The meat is so juicy and flavorful. I can easily polish off 4 tacos. The carne asada fries are also good. They really pack on the meat and cheese, but wished they put on more guacamole. The fries are good, but I think I'd much rather eat more abodaba tacos! I also got the Horchata, it was OK. It was too watered down, I've had better. Parking isnt bad, saying how busy it is. We parked in a lot thats facing the Wynn, and there was plenty of parking... Easy access to good late night Mexican food!
5	I cannot stress enough how amazing this place is. The spicy pork taco was our absolute favorite, and when I say favorite, I mean we stayed in Vegas for four full days and went to this hole in the wall place four separate times for their tacos. We had dinner at really nice places and paid $200 for our meal, and this place outshines all other food on the strip at $2 a taco. I mean it. Go here. I am never going to be happy with another taco once I leave here. Absolutely amazing.
5	When the guy you're ordering tacos from doesn't speak a lick of English, you know you're in the right place.My boss who speaks fluent Spanish told me this place is legit so I walked here.Just North of Wynn, El Gordo looks like Mexico. Walking in it's kind of confusing to figure out but basically you have to line up by station to order each kind of taco. Inefficient and confusing yes, but you learn quickly. My advice: head for the offal station on the right. Rarely a line as white people think it's gross. Cabeza, lengua, buche, tripa, now that's the sh*t I dream about after. This is also the 1st taco joint I've been to that makes the tortillas fresh in front of you with a press! For under $10 for 4 tacos I can guarantee you that you won't find a better deal in Vegas. Te amo Gordo. You is THE Senor.
5	Adobada tacosAdobada/carne asada friesDammit!!! Its so good, I'm glad I don't live near one!! I'm sad that I don't!!! If you're in Vegas, you have to try this place out! Your tummy will thank you!
5	I always get the adobada meat! I've tried their fries and taco with the adobada and both were equally good. Can't have Roberto's anymore, gotta drive all the way here for some tacos!
5	Adobado tacos. No need to order anything else. Bit of a walk from the strip but definitely need it to burn the calories from all the tacos you will eat!! You must get a side order of the grilled onions and ask for pineapple chunks! Also,  make sure to tip the man slicing the meat! My guy worked very hard and fast to get my 20 orders of the Adobado tacos. I didn't taste any difference between this location and the one in Chula Vista.
1	These tacos are nasty. I have no idea why people love this place. At 2 dollars a taco, I have a sneaking suspicion that this isn't real steak or guacamole. I must say that it is authentic Mexican down to the owners and workers.
3	The tacos are amazing but their system for ordering is severely flawed. I stood in line for  45 minutes for tacos. Good tacos! But tacos nonetheless. And you can only order the type of tacos that each particular one is for. So if you want the asada AND the adobada then you'll have to wait in line again to get those.
5	The adobada fries are the things that dreams are made of!
5	Best tacos in the US! The only ones that I know that beat this for the price were in Guadalajara.
5	The tacos are authentic and delicious. I am staying at the palazzo so it is a short walk, and totally worth it. It is actually nice to be able to walk of the food coma induced by inhaling 8 tacos. Adobada taco is my favorite but asada tacos are great too.
4	Wow this place was awesome. I sometimes drive past this location and always see a line out the door. I tried each of the tacos and they're all great! Come early!....
5	As others have said, you MUST order the taco adobado (or two, or three). The meat is carved from a giant skewer and is perfectly seasoned. Order it with everything ("con todo"). FYI, this is NOT a spicy food.Tried the carne asada- only average. If you're adventurous try the tongue ("lengua") or other useful animal parts (I didn't, so mangiador emptor).Don't be intimidated if you don't speak spanish- they're used to gringos. Take the walk- it's good for you and definitely worth it.
5	Awesome foodSome of the best tacos I've ever had! The adobada is phenomenal.  This place is a must visit in vegas!
4	It has been ages since I have been back to Tacos El Gordo and I always wonder why I don't come more often. The tacos are delicious. I always end up with adobada, no matter how hard I try to order outside my comfort zone. Everything else looks amazing, but when I'm starving for tacos, this is my go to meat. Since there are separate lines for each meat, it's best to come in a group and plan your ordering accordingly so you and your dining companions can split up and tackle the lines more efficiently.
5	I love this place and used to frequent the locations in San Diego for years. I am so glad that they are following me everywhere I go! Authentic tacos just like I'm sitting at the border ordering 10 tacos (okay maybe 4).  I love the adobada the most, then carne asada, then lengua.  Try this place out you won't be disappointed.
5	One word Excellent !!
5	Definitely my new favorite go to restaurant in Vegas.  Found this place today and had an awesome meal which was real authentic Mexican.
4	Lengua tacos! Those lengua tacos are what they're known for and I seriously have been daydreaming of them ever since my first visit...I arrived here around 10 pm and there were TONS of people waiting in line to order. The place was pretty chaotic and it was pretty confusing at first knowing where to line up. I guess there were certain lines for each type of meat, but it really doesn't matter because the cooks all communicate with each other anyway.So I had their lengua tacos, buche tacos, and their campechana (half carne asada/half lengua) fries and it was just heaven on a platter! Probably the priciest hole in the wall mexican joint I've been to, but the quality is there!Don't forget to ask for the sauces at the checkout counter. I found that the fries were on the dry side and the sauces made a huge difference in the taste. I would highly recommend anyone in Vegas to go here and try it out. I already know that I'm stopping here every time I'm in the city from now on. They just need to open one in LA now.
4	I simply can't write a bunch of taco reviews without talking about this place. The savior of all taco shops - Tacos el Gordo. No, they are not paying me to say that.Why savior? Just walk in and witness the cluster of people forming a loose line to get their tacos from a counter. You will think it will take forever. You will think "why is everyone here but not on the line to the right/left?" You will think "why is there a line around the corner?" "What does that mean?" "I can eat a brain?"I can address some of your thoughts. No, it will not take forever. They're surprisingly quick because their meats are sliced off gyro-style and assembled sloppy and deliciously. Ingredients are not skimped on. You will get you share of meat and plenty of toppings. Also, it's grease central.There are many lines because each line offers different selections of meats. One offers more common cuts of pork and beef, while another might have the exotic, acquired bits. You can always ask what different words mean, but chances are they got asked enough to put a translation by way of sticker in English just below the item name.I would bet you're going to under-order and you're going to go back for more. You'll find your "taco sweet spot" and you'll know next time that you can knock out five, maybe six of them back to back. They are highly addictive and open pretty much all the time. At around $2 a pop, it's going to be tough to avoid coming here repeatedly if you're in the area.
3	3 1/2 stars. My gf mentioned this place so we decided to check it out on Sunday before we headed back to LA. Parking is pretty big and the line was even bigger. Menu is pretty simple. Interesting was that the line forms in 4- 5 different sections. If you want pork then there's a line section just for pork, And same for beef and so on. It can get a little hectic and kind of sucks because you have to keep getting in different lines just to get a  few things. The pork line was pretty fast, my gf waited in the beef line for at least 30 min or more. _Taco de Adobadas (spicy pork taco $2.00) the most popular and the BEST! They slice the pork real thin right in front of you. The pork isn't too spicy but just enough flavor. The green sauce gives it a nice little kick and sweetness. Add some lime on top and it's the perfect bite. I could have had 3 of these.. oops already happened!_Taco de Asada. (steak taco $2.00) I'm never a huge fan of beef taco because normally the beef comes out dry, But I thought this place may be different. Turns out I was right. The beef was a bit dry and after eating the pork taco the beef just did not cut it for me. I wish they added more guacamole sauce._Taco de Suadero (beef shoulder $2.00) The beef shoulder was a bit juicier than the steak taco.  I would pick this over the Asada but still the Pork is the best!_Carne Asada fries ($10) huge portion. We shared this with myself and 3 other girls. It can get quite heavy and rich but so hard to put the fork down. I would do the Adobadas fries instead. _Adobadas Tostada. ($2.00) This was pretty good. The crunch factor from the tortilla was nice and the pork was again amazing! I would come here again just for the spicy pork taco and would like to try their sopes. I'm more of a fish taco person so don't go all crazy on me on my rating :) BTW great place to eat after a hangover.
5	Living in San Diego for over 17 years spoiled me, as there are 4 tacos elgordo locations in south east county, and a few in TJ Mexico, I remember the good old days of going to caliente betting on football games all day, hitting Chicago Club or Adalitas girlie bars then heading to tacos elgordo for some of the best tacos you will ever eat in your life. I love the pork that is sliced off a rotisserie the lengue tacos are amazing as are the asada and cabeza.Now when the wife, daughter and I are in Vegas for our annual 6 days trip, we make sure we hit up tacos elgordo atleast 3 times.Love it Love Love it
5	I was on a business trip in Vegas when I discovered Tacos El Gordo - it was definitely the BEST hidden gem on the strip! Like any other review, this place has good, affordable tacos! I ordered 4 of the adobada (spicy pork) tacos, and i definitely could have more! Each taco is served in a mini corn tortilla. At $2 each, you can't go wrong!!! I am sad that I didn't get to try the carne asada fries, so that's a must for my next visit to sin city. This location is about a 10 minute walk from The Wynn, so it is definitely very convenient for those staying there.I highly recommend this place if you're looking for good, affordable food on the strip!!
5	Everything from quesadillas to beef brain tacos, everything is tasty! I love this place so much! My friends and I were all getting tired, but we had to drive back to Saint George that night and everyone wanted tacos. We tried other places, but most of them were 21+ and one of my friends wasn't 21, so we found Tacos El Gordo. When we got there, it seemed to have a long line trailing outside, but it didn't take long until we were inside ordering.Their spicy pork tacos are to die for! And if you order peppers and onions, beware! They are super tasty, but way spicy (and I can handle a lot of spice)!I have recommended this to everyone going to Vegas because it is totally worth it and is super close to everything on the strip.Go to Tacos El Gordo, you won't regret it!!!
5	I tried the sesos (brains) for the first time. It was like eating soft tofu. The spicy pork tacos is where it's at. Absolutely simple and delicious.
4	Great $2 tacos, right on the strip! I tried the horchacha it was was pretty good too.  Like all the other reviews note, beware of the line-ups. Tried the beef shoulder, spicy pork, and steak tacos.  The spicy pork were the best by far.  The smokey flavour of the steak was very overpowering.
5	Best value on the strip. The fries can't be beat. The large order is probably too much for your average person.
5	This place is the bombbbbbbb! Some may think $2/taco is kinda steep but I actually think it's worth it. Can't remember exactly but I know it was either a Friday or Saturday night when we went, and it was busy but the wait wasn't too bad. My husband and I had 3 tacos each, sampling the carne asada, spicy pork, plus horchata. Unfortunately, the horchata was just from a vending machine so it wasn't the best but like I said the tacos were def bomb and off the hook. We always look forward to hitting up Tacos El Gordo whenever we are out on the strip now!
4	Al Pastor is the best. Had a late night taco session requiring immediate action. My neighbor from TJ said, these are the shiznit, and he was RIGHT! Not fatty, real rotisserie style meat, guacamole sauce, cebollitas y jalapeno on the grill. A+++ The only train they don't get 5 on it is because their set up sucks, and it takes like 45 min standing in line, and you stand in different lines for different meat. stand in line for specific meat, then go pay and get your cup, and finish off with your beverage. I also had the fries with asada...good fries, but the asada was like a B. All that being said, this will be added to my Vegas eatery rotation every time i visit. 4 tacos de asada con todo porfa....
5	OMg ... of course I had to visit them... I PREFer this one wayyyy better than San Diego ones......... Had Tacos de tripa..... yummy yummy      and al pastor...with a can coke... super deliciously Goooooood!!!!!!!!!love it...   had them Saturday and Sunday... make sure to order a quesadilla only with cheese... super delicious
4	Tacos - adobada/pastor, asada, lengua, grilled onions & peppers.We saw this place while walking down the strip and there was a big crowd so we had to try them out. The lines moves very quickly, so don't be turned off by them. We were at the front of the line before we even decided what we were getting. The food was ready immediately. I saw the person next to me order the grilled onions & peppers, so I asked for them and was surprised to find out they were free. I wish they had that on the menu because I wouldn't have known if I hadn't seen someone else ask for them. We got our tacos with everything on them and the sauces were perfect.I really liked that they told us we could bring our beers in here. So, we sat in their outdoor tent with our tacos & beer!Fast, affordable, convenient, authentic, and delicious, love it! I'm from the DMV area and we don't have authentic tacos like these around here. I was in heaven!
5	We were eating in less than 5 minutes. Might be the best mexican food I ever had. Friendly staff and perfect food. Anyone not giving it 5 stars probadly prefers Chevys or Chipotle.  I'm 100% Mexican and I approve this message.
5	Found this spot through the yelp app. Thank god we did!  Best tacos in Vegas!  Prices are also great!!
1	Everyones revoews sound great for this place so I went to check it out. The food needs so much flavor. There was no salt, no salsa and worst of all I ordered tacos al pastor (spicy pork meat) and they told me it would be 20 min for them when 3 others ordered it after me and got them right on the spot. I would not return here at all... once I got home I opened the tacos, they fell apart, all I did was take it out of the foil... worst service ever.
5	The asada taco is very good, but adobada taco is an eye-opening flavor explosion.  We went for a two-taco snack, finished, and got back in line for more.  Every order is freshly made, including the tortilla for the asada tacos.  The whole operation is very efficient, but the wait is still somewhat long due to sheer volume.  Worth it.  So worth it.
4	So we were told by boo's dad that we must visit this place in Vegas...so we did.I can tell you that it is super easy to pass on the strip but it is in a plaza adjacent to Walgreens and they have little tents out front where you can sit and eat.The menu is very basic, you tell the cook what you want and they cook it up right in front of you. I think I had steak tacos...I can't remember. I think boo had the same thing. They were pretty good but it was nothing exciting to me. I think I was still on a high from the 24 hour joint in San Diego. I guess I should have gotten the spicy pork tacos?Apparently we beat the rush because there was a super long line of people waiting to order after we sat down and ate. They have soft drinks that taste like floats that are pretty tasty.
4	Tacos are good!  I feel like I'm back in So cal at a taco truck.  Except this isn't quite as cheap.Long lines, but they move quickly.  Prices are decent... $2 each, but the fries are a little high.  They add a lot of meat, but I would just get a half order instead of paying $10 for fries. Hours are great.. They're open super late and they have plenty of seating.  Parking can be a little tough but its not bad.If I am in the mood to wait, I will be back.
5	So I had heard a lot about Tacos El Gordo, but never thought much about it. I usually don't care for tacos that much, and it seemed like just another taco place to me. After my friends kept making a big deal about it, I decided to try it on a Monday night. Upon arriving, I was surprised at how many people were there, standing in line at 11 pm. Despite the long lines, the service was quick, prompt, and ran in a very strategic way.My first visit there, I decided to try 2 adobada tacos with everything on them. Upon eating my first taco, I couldn't stop myself from shoving the second one in my mouth and getting back in line for more tacos. It was so tasty and flavorful! The sauces mixed so well with the juicy meat, and complemented each other perfectly. My second round I decided to try the carne asada tacos which also drove my taste buds wild. Everything tasted and actually was fresh! The meat and tortillas are made right in front of you, how can it get any better than that? Tacos El Gordo is one of the best taco places here in Vegas. It gave me a reason to pay $2 for a taco, hopefully it amazes you too.
5	Best Dam tacos EVER !!! Theirs a lot of pple for a reson..b/c the tacos and food is on HIT !!' Yummy ...2 tacos
5	I got the spicy pork tacos. Extremely good, probably the best street tacos ive ever had. These guys are very authentic. If you want a dining experience, you will be dissapointed. These are street tacos! This place is absolutely about one thing, and they do it well.
5	This place is soooooo authentic. Beef tongue, tripe, brain tacos. Of course I kept it simple and ordered the spicy pork and steak tacos. I love love love this place. it's so good, you must go the next time you are in Vegas. And don't bring much money here, you won't need it! (good deal!).
4	I am so sad I could not give them five stars. The best authentic Mexican food this aide of the border.  Flavors burst into your taste buds as you try to remember what tacos you ever tasted better then these. NEVER. EVER. Teajuana bases flavor.  El Gordo has the cooking down to a fine science.  Like most Mexican restaurants they need a gringo to fix the traffic jam of customers trying to spend their money.  Walking into this Maze of people you think of a Chinese fire drill. Walk in four feet and it looks like the 405 and the 710 freeway meet.with a little more planning this place could triple their income. Poor design.  Not customer friendly.  Each item, different line. Booooo!  I would love to complain to someone that would make a difference. Make the right move for your Mexican audience.  They will come.
4	This place was a real shit-show when we walked in, but I'm glad we powered through.  It's chaotic and busy and you're in everybody's way while you're waiting in line.  Your patience will be tested if you're an impatient mutha like me... but your patience WILL pay off.  My most important piece of advice to you is to make sure you are in the correct line for the type of food you want... there are labels at the front of each line.These tacos are tremendous.  They are also very fairly priced, because although they're pretty small - they're also just $2.  I ordered 3 and had wished I ordered 6 (seriously, 6... they're not that big).  Worth a trip to the northern end of the strip for these, just make sure you have some time to wait.
4	I've heard a lot about this restaurant from my San Diego friends and I'm glad I finally got to try it.  The lines when we got there on Sunday at 1 was crazy but by the time we got our food and finished eating at 2:15 the line was just at the door. The restaurant has a interesting setup in that different lines serve only certain types of meat.  So the spicy pork is in a different line from the carne asada.  The tacos are typical small sized and most guys in our group had about 6-7 and I had 9. My Favs:Spicy PorkLengua - tender but still has that tongue textureDecent:Carne Asada - a bit dry and not as much flavorCabeza - slightly on the fatty side imoTripeDidn't like:Pork Shoulder - I thought it was too salty and the meat was dryCarne Asada fries
5	Who says there's no culture in Vegas? Been coming here forever and if you think Benihana and all you can eat Brazilian steak is culture, you need to get your gordo   trasero ( fat butt) down to the TEG! You'll feel  like you died and went to Mexico, only they speak english and are not trying to rip you off, just feed you most authentic taco you will find in Nevada. All at the taco  $ 2  store- simple menu, all for one low price, how nice is that? The 5 stars are for bein' real, the food is more like  a 4.This place is seriously off the hook, as far as a basic taco joint goes. What you see is what you get, BYOB as well. The menu consist of essentially 2 things, meat and meat. Pork in a few versions , the Abodaba is killer,nothing like it anywhere I've eaten- plus the usual body parts cabeza ( brain) lengua ( tongue)  Buche  ( pork stomach) and asada, you can top off your asada with some silky nopal (cactus) all wrapped in their handmade tortillas.Tacos are very simple  meat, onions, guac, hot sauce and a white sauce I can't place that smooths the whole thing over sprinkled with a little cilantro. No beans at all. Be sure to try the different windows, one for pork the other beef. It's a bit of a pain, especially if busy, tag team it with  pals if so.The attire and clientele   is all over the map ...tattooed chicas in heels and sparkle, hombres with cowboy boots, families with kids, dates, teens on skateboards, toasted college and other kids in town, locals and outta town tourista latinos of every sort..it's all here, under the red tent out front, sitting down at the stainless steel booths. Self serve order at the window, get your grub and pay before leaving. Right on the strip, next to the entrance to the Encore. Step right up amigo.
4	Asada (steak), lengua (cow tongue), adobada (spicy pork)...OMG! I don't even know what to say about this place besides "you have to go". It's GOOD!!! The meat is tender and flavorful, all 3 that I tried. The guy that made my tacos put on a little show with flipping the tortillas in the air and catching them. Plus he was cute. :-) And, on the spicy pork tacos, he sliced some pineapple which totally took it up another level. The salsas and sauces are spicy & tasty, and everything is so fresh! Please know, this is a hole in the wall, but aren't those the best after all?
5	Strayed away from the convention center and big name palatial casinos to take a break from all the overpriced nonsense and corporate types.  I felt comfortable at Tacos El Gordo, the service was fast, and the steak and spicy pork tacos were excellent.  I'm glad I checked this place out and am going to make it a place I come to every time I'm in Vegas from now on.
4	Good, it's not perfect. I wish the dining area was not as shabby. Considering it's location on the strip, I expect more. I hate having to stand in separate lines based on what I want to order The food is pretty good and I like sitting outside while dining here. Al pastor was spicy and I will be making regular visits for that alone. Maybe some fries as well. Really good, cheap prices.
5	The food here is amazing. Order Al Pastor tacos, sopes, vampiro, etc. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu and the prices are cheap. Come after the club and the food taste even better.
5	Got to come here every time I am in Las Vegas! Love the al pastor and asada, and all the fixing they put on their tacos. Also, a huge plus that it is so cheap!
4	11am opening time on a Sunday morning and it was already mayhem.  We were stuck in 1 line only to realize when we got to the counter that we could only order Al Pastor and Adobada in that line.  If you wanted anything else from their menu like Chorizo, lengua, quesadillas or carne asada fries, you had to line up at 1 of the 3 other lines!!!  Ridiculous!!!  It took me 20mins to get my order of 2 Al Pastor vampiros in my line and as much as I wanted to try the other stuff, I didn't wanna line up again, especially since I arrived the lines were even longer!  After you got your oders, you had to pay at the cashier, then squeeze to the beverage counters.  Dear Tacos El Gordo owners, obviously your stuff is good and people are willing to line up for it, but I really wish you would care more about customer service!  I wish you would implement an effective process where it's first come, first served, order what you want, get it then pay!  We are not herds of cows wanting to eat, we are PEOPLE folks!Moral of the story, come at an odd hour or come prepared... in a group of 5 people - 1 to save a table, 4 to order at each line/counter so all of yous can get what you want.  Or you can check out their other outlet at E Charleston Rd which may be less crowded.  All we had was the Al Pastor vampiros and the flan.  The flan was good, but I have a personal preference of the Philippine leche flan over the Mexican version.  This version is more dense, but still yummy and creamy.  For those who haven't tried Vampiros, try it!  It's a taco meets grilled cheese sandwich.  It's all your taco fillings sandwiched between tortillas and grilled so that the cheese melts and packs all the goodness inside.  The Al Pastor meat was exceptional, one of, if not the best I've tried in Vegas.  Very tender and tasty, the right amount of sweet and spices.  The cheese was melted and yummy but the tortilla they used was so thin that most of it was pretty burnt.  I preferred the tortilla they use in Taco y Taco vampiros.  We definitely have to go back for the other items on the menu! P.S. 4 stars for the food, 4 stars for service (helpful runners that ensure the seating area is clean), and 2 stars for the ordering process which is very annoying.
5	On point!... I always start off with the "Al Pastor" (marinated pork) tacos. Then get chorizo and finish off with asada tacos. Don't forget to ask for their grilled onions n peppers. Also ask for a couple tostadas to scrape off d the meat that falls off the tacos. And to wash it all down a large  ice cold Jamaica.Everything is good from taste, location and price.
5	OK, it's not Nobu, no celebrity chef behind the kitchen doors and no fancy plates or tablecloths but this was the only place I visited twice during my stay (and can't wait to go back to). Nothing fancy, just Mexican families, bikers, normal people enjoying true Mexican tacos: delicious, greasy, spicy. And at $2 each, best value in Vegas!To order you have to queue in different lines according to which tacos you want: one line for spicy pork, one for tongue, etc. and then bring your tray to the cash, pay and hope for a table to be available (or take your order to go). Crowded at all hours so be patient! no alcoholic beverages, just sodas and "aguas frescas" (horchata is my favorite). My favorite tacos, it's a tough choice because all are delicious but I guess the spicy pork and tongue are the most special (the double tortilla is great, that way you don't spill the filling all over). It's just a 10 min. walk from the Wynn/Palazzo/TI/Fashion Mall intersection.
5	Oh my Jeezus Lord! Tripa? Cabeza? Suadero? Lengua? Grilled Jalepenos con cebolla y nopales? This hole-in-the-wall joint is where it's at! I now live in SF and the one thing I had to let go of in SoCal was good Mexican food. So when I stumbled upon this place in Vegas, I was like oh, let's try it. And next thing you know, I was in the zone...In...The...ZONE! This girl was like "Leena, I can tell when you really like your food...you're really into it and it looks like your really like it!" Uhhh...yea! That was this moment. There are a bunch of lines so just go to the shortest one...I went to the older man because he looked like he knew what to do with a giant cow and a grill. Then you can speak to him in your broken Spanish and ask for errrything. I notice that the non-traditional folks ask for cheese and all but if you want it really legit, then all you need is their special salsas and cilantro. OH and I forgot about the spicy pork! So good, so good so good! I do like the fancy pants restaurants. But it's places like this where I'm like, why did I just drop all them dimes on that meal when i just enjoyed these tacos and they were just as delicious...if not more! ::sigh:: #foodieproblemsOh...but the drinks...I would suggest either BYOB OR a bottled beverage that they have....I would like to go back though and try their homemade beverages but as you can see, with 2 different animals and 5 different parts inside me, I was a bit occupied ;)
4	Heard a lot about Tacos El Gordo and had been meaning to check it out. I was on the strip over the weekend and figured it was the perfect time. When I walked in I was completely overwhelmed with the various lines of people waiting for tacos. It took me a few minutes of looking around to figure out that there were separate lines for different cuts of meat and that there were 2 counters on either side of the restaurant with the same lines and menu. You're supposed to order your food at the counters and then pay for it at either of the 2 register areas at the front (1 by each door).After looking at the menu for quite some time I decided to go with 2 al pastor tacos, because you can't go wrong with those, and 1 tripa or tripe taco. The al pastor was tasty, well seasoned and cooked, which made me glad that I got more than 1. The tripa was ok, not what I thought it was and it had an interesting taste to it that I wasn't used to. I also wanted to try the asada fries or adobada fries but will wait until next time because I'm sure it's a humongous portion judging by the price.Not sure why they have separate lines because the guy that was serving the al pastor told me that I could order everything at 1 station when he saw me standing in another line after getting my tacos from him. How nice of him for worrying about my tacos getting cold while standing in line :)Seating is difficult if you come during lunch, just don't forget about the outside seating like I did. It was hard to find a spot that wasn't dirty or taken so had to sit at the table by the bathroom. Needless to say, I ate my tacos and was out of there!
4	Originally had this in the bay at the hole in the wall taco truck, definitely brought all the flavor to sin city.I would give it 5 stars, but the guacamole was so bland. Buche is a must
5	Super great tacos, carne asada and adobada. Homemade tortillas you can watch them making. Prices are awesome for Vegas and quality of food. Absolutely delicious, so glad to have stopped. Will be back as often as I can!!!
4	Expect to wait in line when you get to this spot as the lines go out the door. When you do get inside, understand how ordering works. There are two lines if your ordering a menu item for Adobada, two lines if your ordering Asada and just one line if you are ordering the Lengua, Cabeza, Sesos, or Buche. If your in a group, split up as once you get done in one line, you would have to wait in the other lines to get a different meat item but once your inside, you don't have to wait outside again in the long lines. Once you get your food, just pay at one of two cashiers.Now on to the food. I'm a big fan of the Adobada Tacos however it's pretty small and I think I would at least need four to six to feel satisfied. Asada tacos are okay. The carne asada fries are okay with meat, guac, cheese, and salsa but I think it would have tasted a lot better with chips than fries. Overall, I would go back again if the lines were shorter and just order some Adobada tacos.
2	I don't see what the fad is here...maybe I'm not drunk or it's cause I'm from SoCal so I grew up eating deliciously cheap tacos (for like 75 cents). I thought this place was ridiculous expensive for tacos. Sure, they put on a show, and it's a popular place for locals. I tried the asada, lengua and adobada. I thought the adobada was the most flavorful out of the three. The others, didn't really stand out. The food tastes decent (I'd give it 3-3.5 stars at most) but I just can't get over the price! (hence the 2 stars)
5	Yummy yummy in my tummy!!! The customers were super friendly to this girl who didn't know how to order non-spicey tacos!!! LOL The Asada fries are to die for!!!
4	Authentic Tijuana style tacos, fresh and interesting as it gets, go for the al pastor spicy pork tacos and buche "pork stomach" tacos.i try to avoid this place at popular times due to many rookies not knowing the process and it can get frustrating.other than that, its completely legit.
5	Overall: Greasy tasty tacos on the strip until 5am, yeah!Pros- lengua, lengua, and more lengua- adobadoCons- SuaderoSidenote:- lines are way confusing and crowded- get everything on it- horchata is not as milky- if you are far, the cab ride is worth it- So you're going to order (insert number here) tacos? Now add 4-5 more.
2	This place is ok, but I'm giving it 2 stars because of the set up which makes this place not worth going. The lines are extremely long. So you will stand there for an hour plus waiting. There are 3 different stations that you can line up for which serve different meats. The problem is that once you are lined up for one station there is no way you can go to the next station unless you get in line for that one which is another long wait. So if you are coming in groups each person can be split into different stations. Another thing these tacos are good but they are very greasy i couldnt eat as many because of the grease. Another thing is that those poor workers are so overworked. I feel sorry for them. They need more people, you see them in hypermode. I think unfair working conditions.  Not going back.
5	Best tacos in Vegas!! Nuff said!!!
4	Tostados asada was good..didn't get the lengua since it was my first time didn't know how to order. It's super crunchy, some burnt edges, but still good. I wished they gave more sauce or have bottles readily available for people. I wasn't aware until I saw folks asking for it. I didn't want to stand in line again for sauce. I'm sure you can go up and ask for them.The asada tacos were not bad, just dry and really in need of sauce. The bbq pork was not my favorite. It comes in two corn tortillas because of the wetness and grease. I'd like to try the chorizo or quesidilla  next time as it looked good. There's limes and radishes (whole and sliced) for you to choose from. 5 tacos and tostados were $12 not bad...would come back. I want to try the lengua but wished the line was shorter...
4	If you have a local taco stand, they are probably just as good. At least you wont have to wait in multiple lines for 40+ minutes for 3 tacos (and that is if you picked the right line). It's good food, but not memorable for the wrong reasons.
5	Soooooo tasty!!  Only $2 a piece?!? Worth the wait line. After having these tacos I felt it wasn't fair to pay more than $2 for a taco knowing these are on point!! Asada tacos taste GREAT and have salsa and guac on top and the adobada with pineapple is AMAZiNg!!! You cannot miss put on this gem :) eat there now!!!
4	This place is right off the strip and well worth the adventure, as it is cheap, delicious, and authentic.The biggest drawback is the long lines, which are awful when you are starving and have to smell everything going on inside.The carne asada fries are a must and do not disappoint.This is a great alternative to the pricey strip! O and they are open really late.
5	I'm loving it!make sure to add pineapples to the spicy pork tacos!oh oh oh and don't forget the fries with meat!
5	Seriously the best street tacos I've ever had in my life! The food is cheap and orgasmically delicious. Thankfully I don't live close enough to eat here everyday.
4	As authentic as your going to find in Vegas at 4am with the last $10 in your pocket. DRUNK FOOD!
5	Still very good the second time around. The TACO highlights:LA LENGUA (beef tongue)ADOBADO (pork)CARNE ASADA (beef steak)Those are a MUST. All super full of flavor, with that good salty seasoning tast. Very rich and tender in meat. The line is usually really long for the Lengua so you know it's good. I spend a good $10.00 for 4 tacos and a drink. I call that a good steal because really I tapped out at my 3rd taco.I want to try their fries one day, but do beware as I heard that it is very filling even for a big eater. A GOOD PLACE FOR AFTER THE CLUB SOBRIETY FOOD and LUNCH TIME DROP IN AFTER A LONG WALK ON THE STRIP and IF YOU'RE BALLING ON A BUDGET.
4	A co worker told me about this spot before I came to Vegas. We love tacos so of course we had to try them! It's a small place in a shopping area next to the Riviera. We ordered the asada and adobada tacos. The asada tacos were ok, tortillas were freshly made right in front of you but, the meat didn't have too much flavor. The adobada tacos were so yummy! Full of flavor! I would definitely recommend the adobada tacos! Be prepared to wait bc the lines are long!
5	Go here if you're reading this. I've travelled throughout Mexico and these are super authentic street tacos. Better than anything I've had in Los Angeles.
5	If I want tacos and I mean better than King Taco in LA this is the place. Hands down best tacos I have had in a long time.  I went here with a couple friends and we destroyed at least 8 tacos each.  They are just good, fresh made tacos.  Want to get your grub on and not spend a bunch of cash?  Hit this place up and you will be satisfied.
5	Real pastor on the spit. Game over. This is what I've been looking for forever. Just like it used to b in Mexico. Keep it up guys. Love ur spot
5	Tried this place after reading the reviews and I wasn't disappointed.  No problem with the ordering system and the service was great.  I has the abodado and al astor tacos loaded.  Love that they give you a whole plate of grilled peppers and green onions.  Total bill $8.  I paid more for one beer at the Palazzo.  Nothing fancy but a real solid value.
5	Really really really good. As a first-timer I found the set up a little overwhelming/confusing, but then I put an asada taco in my mouth and everything was right in the world. So much flavor. The avocado sauce is serious. The grilled peppers on the side are necessary. Spicy pork was super tasty. I wish they had chips. I may not look like a gringa but I do eat like one...
5	tacos , quesadillas and OMG! to the al pastor mulitas, place was Bomb lol no lie not just any tacos lol and prices are good
5	HOLY FUDGE!Best TACO EVER. I am a native Texan and I haven't ever had a taco as good as El Gordo. Honestly I wasn't even drunk when I ate here. I came here around the dinner hour and it was busy but not slammed. I ordered the adobada based on the Yelp recommendations. SO SO SO SO GOOD! The meat is roasted on a spit and carved off with a huge knife. It is served on two small corn tortillas, topped with onions, cilantro and an avocado cream sauce. I also ordered the asada which was good too, but not amazing like the pork. So yeah, I came here twice in one day. Both times got tacos and the 2nd time got tacos and  tostada. NOT EVEN SORRY. At $2 a pop El Gordo won't break the bank and will fill you up and leave you wanting more. Just remember they are smallish so don't feel bad if you have 6. lol. Come here sober the 1st time and most definitely come back if you are drunk.
3	The tacos were ok. Be sure that if you order take out for a large group, that you specifically ask for utensils, napkins, etc.
5	I came  here with my kids and wife yesterday. They have amazing food and the best service . Best taco restaurant in Vegas . Go check it out .
5	The closest you will get to real authentic tacos from mexico.  Best tacos in Vegas!!!!
5	This place has some of the BEST tacos in Vegas! And I've tried pretty much every place in this town! Tacos El Gordo doesn't even compare!! This is my favorite place to get a fantastic taco! They are incredibly packed with flavor and served traditionally but with a great little twist. I don't know how they do it, but they are consistent every time. I always order the tacos Al Pastor with everything on it! Thee most incredible flavor in a taco you will ever try! It doesn't matter how packed the place is late at night, they are quick, consistent, and above all very friendly people! Ask for the grilled veggies too!What else is there to say...THEE BEST TACO JOINT IN VEGAS!!!
4	I am a big fan of this place. They have really good tacos and mulas. Every time I come to vegas I stop here for a bite to eat. Prices are resonable and the employes are all pleasant. It can be very busy at times but it is worth the wait and I have recomended this place to friends and family ...
4	Really good authentic tacos..I have tried every kind of meat and they are all great. Good price.   Im never dissapointed when I come here.
5	Their al pastor tacos are ridiculous...best I've ever had!!  Be prepared to wait though.  It took me around 45 minutes to get my food :(
5	Exellent tacos all around.
5	Very good flavor, cheap tacos $2.00 , so good my husband order twice definitely going back to this place.
5	Erin es gordo.  Amazing tacos at $2 a pop makes this a must visit when in vegas. I tried the spicy pork, the beef shoulder and the steak with all the fixings.  The meat is tender, the topping are perfect (different salsas depending on the meat) and the price can't be beat.
5	Extremely impressed. My asada tacos were amazing and my husband said his asada sopes were ridiculous good like they are at King Taco in LA. Lines were quick and short, took us a total of 3 minutes to order, wait for our food, and pay. Will be back for sure!! Just get lots of napkins!
5	Love the tacos here!! They are authentic tacos they have taco meat we like to eat asada lengua pastor and more! Best place to go at the end of the night! This place also has carneasada fries and lengua fries not to mention mulitas!
4	First off...there's only two cities that have this restaurant. Las Vegas and Tijuana. I came to this location once & I'm in love!!! So happy my boyfriend recommended it!! Their tacos are totally delicious!!! The real deal; very authentic, if you want GREAT Mexican food. $2 a tacos too!!! Can't beat that. More reason, to rent a car, just to go to this place, because it is a little out of the way, even if your taking the duece. I don't want to waste any time getting there. I just wanna EAT!! I understand why this place gets so crowded. Inside, obviously gets packed, so its best to sit outside in the patio area. Ya......EVERY visit to Vegas, I'm definitely eating here...no doubt. You just have to check it out yourself!! I can't wait to try their other stuff!! =D
5	This was mine & my boyfriends first time here. Aaaaaand, it DID NOT disappoint. This place is amazing. The service was super fast & friendly. And the food was of amazing quality and taste. The prices are perfect..$2 for an authentic Mexican tasting taco?! That's unbeatable. Definitely coming back when I'm in town again.
5	Are you having a dry spell. Are you in need of a food-gasm? This is the place to go for some authentic food south of the border!!
5	I have to say it is the best taco in town. We stopped by this taco shop at 2am after clubbing. It is a good hang over food! The only problem is long waiting line.
1	Was really expecting to eat some delicious tacos. We stood in line for a good fifteen minutes while I pondered my choices and schemed how I would force the others to get more things that I wanted to steal. But just when we had moved up a bit in line, some worker came around and informed us that our line (which was one out of like fucking five thousand or something) was ONLY for al pastor tacos. That's about the most retarded system I've ever heard of. If you want to try more than one thing, you either have to pick some special super-secret line OR spend a few hours eating tacos while waiting in various lines. I'm not even sure where you pay. We ended up leaving, along with a bunch of other angry drunk people who didn't want to eat only al pastor tacos.
5	Bomb tacos!! Better than the ones I used to eat while living in Tijuana!!  Adobada with pineapple was delicious with lots of flavor!
4	Very frustrating ordering process (check out signs and lines......gotta get in the right line for different types of meats, fries, drinks).  Weird.  But awesome food.  Wow, and I know real mexican taste and this is it.  Well worth the effort to get your order places and paid for.  Will go back, for sure!
4	Two Words: Adobadas Mulas.  Pricier than the other tacos but my goodness, it tastes like nothing you'll find at any Mexican restaurant.  We've been to restaurants in Mexico, San Diego, Texas, etc.  that don't offer food as tasty as Tacos El Gordo's Adobadas Mulas.  If you are into healthy eating, don't order this but if you want to indulge, stand in the Mulas line first.  The Tripas tacos is also great if you like offal like I do.  Tried the Cabeza but was mild tasting compared to the Mulas and Tripas.  After we finished eating, saw another customer with a large grilled green pepper and green onions and read later it is free but not on the menu so you have to ask for it.  Definitley returning when in Vegas.
3	Taste: 4Creativity/Authenticity: 3Atmosphere: 2.5Service: 2.5Bang for your buck: 3Now best tacos in vegas very bold statement but as of right now best tacos I've had in vegas. Came here cause it was cinco de mayo!!!! and well I love beef and all but where are the fish and chicken tacos man??!! came with the wife and well i had a bad night after that cause she wanted to eat something a little less beef tongue and stomach haha. I love LENGUA if i could eat it everyday i would but the lengua tacos and the asada OMG fucking amazaballs!!!!! the beef shoulder not so much very salty. Service here well think its cause im not hispanic or of any hispanic back ground so the language barrier was def a factor but the set up here is def weird was in one line for asada than they told me to go to another line for asada?! i know each line has separate meats but i was in the right line!!! anyways love the tacos but hate the eating setup outside in vegas when its summer are you kidding??!! yeah i dont think so on the plus side i saw little john there yeah!!! overall this place is good the best so far but i am on the look out for more hidden local spots acutally my local friends told me about this spot so
5	their taco al pastor of choice is abodaba, if you want good authentic tacos in vegas, this is probably your only way to go, it's not bad, it's amazing, it's the best thing ever, it over shadows that lengua (tongue) taco that i got by miles...i can see why they need two separate lines for it and i still had to wait over 20mins cuz some ppl in front of me just ordered like 20tacos they have horchata soft drink machine ;d
5	My one regret from living in San Diego is that I didn't go to the original Tacos El Gordo in Chula Vista more than once in the three and a half years that I lived there.  Seriously, what I did was practically a crime against humanity.  Because as I mentioned in that review, you're not going to get better tacos anywhere other than Mexico itself.  So when I realized the Gordo opened in Vegas...of course I didn't bother going here either until now LOL.  Yeah, I should just quit on life.Same deal as the original.  Different meats at different stations, line up and go get some.  If you come here and don't get the adobada, you might as well just get back in your car and drive away.  This adobada is easily some of the best in the world and is the #1 reason to even come here.  Carne asada was just ok in my book, but at least it was prepared with the proper ingredients (aka HELLA GUACAMOLE), so it gets a passing grade in my book.And since I figured I needed to make up for not coming here who knows how many times, I came for the tacos before going to XS and came for the super fries after going to XS.  Because quite frankly, nothing beats drunk food like drunk Mexican food.  And nothing beats drunk Mexican food like super fries topped with carne asada, adobada, cheese, and guacamole!I think I have an excuse to go to XS a lot more now.  When the joint is across the street from Encore Las Vegas, there's really not much choice.  Secret Pizza, you have met your post-clubbing food match!
4	A friend suggested Tacos El Gordo when I mentioned Las Vegas so I came on yelp to check out the reviews. I read that the wait was crazy long. We were here the first week of May and not sure if this is a slow month for Vegas in general but we walked right into Tacos El Gordo and there wasn't a line- both times we went. It was great! I was expecting at least a 20 min wait. I love lengua in general so of course that's what I ordered and it was delicious. My husband ordered carne Asada and he loved it. We came back again for lunch the next day. I would eat here everyday if I could. Don't forget the horchata drink for just $1.50!
5	Delicious and cheap open till 5 am yum we went everyday in Vegas it had a bit of a line but it goes fast the food is great yum
2	In an ideal world, this is how it supposed to work out: Wait in line for few minutes, order tacos as one order, pay at the cashier, and enjoy delicious tacos.So much for the ideal world ...Once you walk in, you will see separate lines for different types of taco (two lines for adobada, two lines for asada, one line for fries, and ..... ONE line for beef tongue / tripe / beef shoulder). So I lined up and waited to get one beef tongue taco and one beef shoulder. So I waited ... and waited ... and waited ...Why did it take so long? Oh I see, everyone was ordering at least 10+ tacos for each order. Taco El Gordo, how can you only have one line for beef tongue / should line? Anyhow, and so I waited for 30+ minutes ... Finally it got to my turn! And guess what? THEY RAN OUT OF BEEF SHOULDER -_-! Dude, not cool at all. I only ordered beef tongue and beef tripe tacos. In the end, I basically did not want to wait in another line and I just simply overpaid for a $10 carne asada fries because there was no line. Oh, did I also mention it took them another 10 minutes just to get the fries out?  Well, these tacos better be amazing right?tacos de lengua (beef tongue - $2.25 each) and tacos de tripa (beef tripe - $2 each): For $2 tacos, they tasted okay. Is it worth 30 minutes wait? Hell no!  Taco de adobada (spicy pork - $2): Probably the best taco out of all three that I've ordered, but it wasn't crazily good. Carne asada fries ($10): Not like it was awful, just not at the price that I paid for. I still can't believe I paid $10 for somewhat average fries ($5 would be a better price). I will stick with my East LA tacos ... they are still the bomb and my ultimate taco standards.
5	There street tacos are super good. I could eat like 6-8 though before I am full! So they add up price wise. Really good al pastor! Right up there with taco y taco as the best two Mexican joints around.
4	Nothing beats their Carne Asada Fries and their Abodaba (spicy pork) tacos. Its pretty cool to see the Abodaba chef strip the pork from the hanging meat thing. They work pretty damn fast too. Grab a tortilla, strip the meat onto the tortilla, put some lettuce, add some sauce. BAM. Repeat.The one thing that threw me off here was that there were so many lines for different things. Whoever organized this.. didn't organize this. Theres a line for Asada. Theres a line for Abodaba. Theres a line for fries. Theres a line for beef tongue/tripe/shoulder. And... once you thought that was all done theres a line for the cashier. If I came here drunk/hungover I would not have the capacity/patience to take this all in. Which is probably some of the customers, since this is Las Vegas.
3	Despite having been to Vegas at least 100 times, I never made my way to Tacos El Gordo until just recently. It's located in a strip mall about a 5 minute walk past Encore on the strip. The tacos are $2.00 and the carne asada fries are $10.00. Portions are pretty good - don't expect anything too fancy. There's limited seating inside but plenty of tables outside. The way it works is you go to the corresponding booth for what you want to order, put it all on a tray, and then pay after. Food is pretty good but I had a terrible experience.One downside to this place is that it may or may not have gotten me food poisoning. Considering there's close to 1000 reviews on this place, I may have just been an oddball but I was in a sweaty, chilly pain a few hours after eating here praying all night long to the porcelain god in the hotel and vomiting 16x. Since this was the first thing I had in Vegas, I subsequently didn't get to indulge myself in any other food or alcohol for the remainder of the trip. You've been warned.
5	This is one of those places that I like to stop by right after I get to veags when I'm not in the mood yet to start partying or going to a nice restaurant.very cheap and quick food, that tastes pretty damn good as well! lines can get a bit long but they move fast, outdoor and indoor seating, parking lot faces encore/wynn
5	I love this place so much! There meat are just juicy. The price is defiantly worth it, I crave this every month, and is defiantly a place I would bring my family and friends to try out when then come from out of town! The restaurant seem just like no other Mexican restaurants , when you first walk in, everything just seem simple, nothing special for first impression, but once you got those tacos on your hand, everything about the restaurant don't matter, the food are just great, I went there for lunch time today and bought some Togo for my sons snack ! I defiantly recommend tacos lover to try out this place, just right near the strip!
4	I went through 3 different emotions from the moment I placed my order to when I received my order. First I saw the prices. $2 tacos, $4 burritos, $10 for combos. Yay, cheap food!!  So I ordered one beef taco for $2 and one beef burrito for $4. Next I saw the portion. The burrito wasn't a "burrito" I am used to eating. So I was a little confused. And I thought the portion was so small. Once again, not what I am used to. So sadness came over me. I sat down to eat my meal. OMG, these people know how to make tasty Mexican food! Pure joy and happiness began to take over any past emotions. The food was very tasty. And it turned out the portion wasn't small at all. I got full on just those two orders. The point is, this place is awesome! Sooo good! 4 stars instead of 5 because they don't give you utensils when dining in. I literally sat down and had to get up again to find the forks. And it was so crowded in there, getting the fork wasn't easy. I saw that most people were eating with their hands. But they should offer utensils during when the customer is up at the register paying for their meal. I don't mind eating with my hand but when I've been sightseeing all day, I know I do not want to touch my food with my dirty hands. Hence why they need to automatically offer utensils rather than assuming the customer will locate the utensils and take one.
5	My apologies to every taqueria I hold near and dear to my heart...this place is hands down the best I have ever been to.  Our office goes to Vegas a couple times a year and we all CRAVE Gordos.  Cabeza tacos are my favorite but there is one thing so ridiculously good that we never see even in California...mulas.  For God's sake make sure you get mulas, they are heaven and you'll be hard pressed to find them anywhere else.  Go here and make it part of your Vegas experience, be sure to thank me later...
5	Great tasting tacos al pastor, tripas and asada a lil.pricey but gotta be realistic there on the strip will be back next time im in town...
1	If you like pubic hair in your Sauce go ahead And eat here. All these reviews are not accurate these tacos are not the best. The place looked really dirty and the cashier lady was rude when helping costumers! BAD SERVICE. If I could give 0 stars I would
4	Delicious Adobada Tacos and asada/Adobada fries. Crowded, order first then Pay. Find a seat if you can.
4	Late night eats for cheap. Tacos, tacos and more tacos really help soak up all that drinking you've probably been having. The carne asada fries are delicious and I'm not sure why this hasn't caught on here in NY.You just get so much bang for buck and after spending for all that booze and gambling, this is a much welcome reprieve from it all. It's a dessert oasis here, offering sustenance and a break from walking all over.
4	Best. Drunchies. Ever. Came here after a great night at XS, love how its located right next to Wynn!The lines do get pretty long, i mean, cheap delicious food after a night of dancing is a must!All their tacos are great! esp. carne asada!! Juicy and tender, I love how they cook it right then and there so you know its fresh! You can also ask for grilled veggies! Don't forget to ask for their hot sauces when you're ordering because they don't have a hot sauce bar. Their sopas are also superrr good. Would really recommend it!BTW, there are different lines for different kinds of meat, and dishes so make sure to stand in the right line!
5	Was so glad to see this next to my Hotel Encore! The Al Pastor Tacos hit the spot 3 am in the morning .  We back the next day and this time had one person on another line getting different tacos .  They need to figure another system. U can wait A LONG TIME just to get one type of taco.  Different lines different meat.. Very inconvenient.
5	I love how they make their own tortilla  and their meet is all soo fresh and juicy.   I cannot believe I have yet write a review for this place!This place is unforgettable; from the long lines to cooking in front of customers, they are as good as it gets! I've eaten numerous Mexican Foods in Arizona; but to me, nothing is ever comparable to them. Every time I go back to Vegas, I have to at least get a horchata there.  Okay, that's a lie! I have to get at least one taco...no, make that two!!I totally recommend the Adobada (spicy pork) Fries because not only is the line shorter, but....it is roasted on a metal rod!! All their meets are cooked to perfection in front of everyone; that way, they have to stay even if it's a long line. Their workers are pretty nice; I've heard they are actually from main Mexico so their techniques are directly from there. This explains why they are so authentic, at least in my opinion. I get so excited for places that are super delicious and this place is definitely worth the lost of water coming running out of my mouth. *drools!*
4	This place was suggested to me by one of the hotel staff.  Boy was it delicious and very affordable!  I had lenga, al pastor and sudaro tacos.  Meat was tender and very tasty!  Service was fast and prices affordable!  If your in Vegas you have to try the tacos!
1	The worst taco I ever had in life. This place is so dirty!! The service is horrendous : different lines for different items. You get your food first and then you pay. Some people just walk out without paying. Kind of hard to tell who pays and who doesn't because it's so packed with drunks and smelly musty people inside. The lines are out of order--- not worth the wait and $$$. I came back into the room with my friends asking why I reek like onions--- damn you el gordo nasty crap taco!!!!
5	i'll admit, my expectations were rather low.  everyone kept raving, and i was like "whatevers, it's just tacos".  and "my gawd wtf is up with this line!" "do we REALLY need to wait here and eat this... we can get mexican food anywhere".  and then.... the adobada happened, and my mouth was way too full of deliciousness to whine any more.there are 4 lines you can order from.  each line is designated for specific items, so if you want the adobada and you're standing in the carne asada line, you're shit out of luck.  better go to the back of the line, pronto!we ordered 4 adobada tacos, 4 carne asada tacos, 1 carne asada sope, and a bowl full of chilis and all that jazz.  for all 9 items and a horchata (self serve) our bill was 23 bucks.  upon receiving all our food i really thought we were in over our heads and had ordered way too much... but we finished every single bite... and was left wanting more.the carne asada was nothing special.  in fact, i've had better.  king taco's asada trumps el gordo any day.  but man, oh man, the adobada... the green sauce.  mind blown.  was so delicious.  they have another tacos el gordo in chula vista, but none close enough to OC.  definitely will be going out of my way to get more hopefully soon..
4	Once I got over my shock that they didn't have chicken, I was ready to order!!  I picked the Mexican Shwarma ( as another Yelper called the pork).  So glad I did.  It was delicious.  Not spicy( I got the sauce on the side) and very moist.  The corn tortillas had the perfect corny tasty to them.  I only wish I would have discovered this joint sooner.  My wife waited on a different line and got the carne asada taco.  She thought they were really tasty too.  As good or better than a taco in Socal.
5	Despite difficulty locating this place (don't use the monorail system, you won't get very close!), we drove to it because we had heard of its greatness. It has good parking and really isn't that hard to find once you know to drive, and it was well worth it. The tacos are not big, but they pack more authentic flavor than any Mexican restaurant I have been to so far. I got two taco adobadas, a taco tripa, and a taco asada. They had some good horchata in a fountain with some soda as well. Needless to say I am impressed. Two dollars a taco. Super quick, friendly people, clean but fun tidy environment, and incredible food. Only drawback was walking back outside into the 100 degree heat. If you visit Vegas, you must stop by Tacos el Gordo!
5	This place has the best adobada tacos!!! The flavors of the meat and the delicious green sauce that they have over them is to die for!  You gotta try them, you'll be back for more!!
5	I was really skeptical when people were telling me that these we're the best tacos they've ever eaten.  I have had some of the best tacos all over California and these are hands down the best pork adobada tacos period.  Our group also ordered carne asada quesadillas and asada fries.  The "quesadilla" comes out as a 3" round?  It was odd size and small but tasted delicious nonetheless.  Their carne asada fries, tasted fine and the portion was huge.  But the star of the day was the adobabda tacos.It's a great spot for lunch or for a late night eat after a bar or club.  It is within walking distance from Encore/Wynn.  Be careful if you want multiple items from the menu.  There are different lines for the multiple items offered so be prepared to wait in multiple ones especially if there is a wait.
2	Came here cuz of the fantastic reviews on Yelp. I was sorely disappointed. There is no AC and its super hot and sweaty in here, that already diminished the dining experience. The meat slowly spins over a small fire and looks fantastic when the guy cuts it fresh on to your taco for you. Thats about where all the frills end, the meat tastes just OK. The sauce is refreshing and a nice complement, but overall everything was just.... meh. I'm glad I only had to wait 5 minutes or so in line.
5	My current favorite taco place on planet earth.There's something about a finely crafted taco. All of their meat is hot and delicious. It comes straight from the grill onto your plate, so you know that it's good. The carne asada has this smoky flavor that is so unlike anything else I've ever had. Tacos Al Pastor are my hands down favorite and you need to get them with everything on top, including the pineapple which sits at the top of the spit. You'll want to make sure that you get some grilled onions and peppers to complete the experience. If there's a line, get in it as soon as you can because this place is worth the wait, and the drive.
1	This place is weird....there are 4 lines for different meats. If you want a lengua taco wait in the lengua line...if you want Assad go wait in the Assad line. The men who prepare the food talk to you like you're special needs. They're so rude and they don't understand how confusing their entire set up is. It was so loud in there with one man butchering crane Assad that was full of fat...I couldn't hear the man asking me questions all the while he was behind the counter rolling his eyes at me. I understand people come in there drunk however all your patrons aren't drunk and I clearly wasn't. I wanted to throw the below average and expensive taco in his face. The place is cramped, dirty and the tacos are $2.00....in LA the most we pay for an incredible taco is $1.50.....I don't even pay that when I go to tacos Leo or chato. Some yelpers have nasty taste buds or something. Don't believe the hype for this place or earl of sandwich.....gross!!!!
4	This is the Northern branch of TEG de Tijuana, B.C.  I caught the Strip bus up from my convention at The Sands for lunch, and was glad I came!  TEG is just past the edge of  'Turisto Vegas' and firmly planted in the 'Residents' Vega's (all the surrounding store-fronts seem to Hispanic, or Korean, or Lebanese- oriented.) If you love tacos, then this place is for you.  A little confusing at first, there were snaking lines of Mexicans and Haole all queued up inside the door, for different ordering stations, where incredibly speedy preparers hammer out the variety meats for the tacos and tostadas. After you pick up your order, you take your tray, pay the cashier lady at the front door, and then take your tray outside to a canvas & mylar tent, and grab a seat on a picnic-style bench.  I skipped the more authentic organ-based lines (tripas, cabezas, sesas, etc.) and  just went for an assortment of tacos in my comfort zone: carne asada; lengua; chorizo; adobada.   All were hot, a little greasy, and served on these great little thick, 4" diameter Masa tortillas, with lime wedges, and nice crunchy radishes.  Delicioso!   I'd probably give the place  5 ***** -- if they could only serve a nice, cold beer ( I settled for an icy can of Coke, which was a good choice for the chiles!)  Skip the flan, which is the standard Industrial article, a thick gluey disc that is squirted into those little plastic cups.  After eating, it is a short walk back South to the Wynn Hotel complex, where you can enjoy wandering around the waterfall park complex, and watching all the rich folks do their thang before heading back to the heart of the Strip.
4	Authentic street tacos with tons of meat options from the standard carnitas to organ meats like brain. The spicy pork was amazing and the best taco I've ever had. This is a quick service operation where you line up in front of the station that is serving your taco of choice then you pay at the register. Additional condiments to are available near the drink stand. The sodas include horchata and cream sodas. We were there around 2am on a Monday and the line was very reasonable at about 10 minutes for both the tacos and register. They have plenty of seating options both indoors and outside. The location sits at the top of the strip just north of the Wynn and walking distance from Circus Circus and Rivera.
5	Different lines different meats but worth the wait...al pastor tacos are some of the best I've had in a long time
4	Tacos El GordoThe Lengua(tongue) Fries  1/2 order is the best bang for your buck. 6 bucks! Tacos are decently size, a little high on the 2 dollar side cause im a cheapskate, however 3 tacos will make you content. Most tacos 2.00 a taco, tongue 2.25, line is a huge mess, order first pay later. free guac.GUAC IS FREE, ASK FOR THAT $%^. Cow Brain taste exactly like monkey brain, soft and fatty. I love tongue, but the way I cook it it tends to be more chewy like you're eating ligaments. I felt as if they kind of over cooked it but im sure thats just how they prefer tongue. Cow head just taste like any other meat. I should have tried the spicy shoulder pork, oh well next time!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! The food is the best classic Mexican food I have ever had. I wish we had more of these in vegas. I tip every time I come cause the food is great, the people there awesome and everything is jist great. I always always get the adobada tacos. Usually I get 8 just for myself hahah. Its really good stuff. I love tacos el gordo
4	Memorial day weekend and this place was awesome!! Best bang for your buck after a hard day & night of partying... We got there about 3:30-4am on a Friday night/Saturday morning and it was SLAMMED with lines out the door!! Be ready to wait cause people are ordering 5-10 items at a time because drunk hunger and affordability. Just be ready to know what to order and "STAND IN THE CORRECT LINE"!! Enjoy....
4	I think I have just discovered another must stop by place in vegas now after a night of drinking. We got here around 12/1 and the line was out the door so we waited well over 40min for our food but it was well worth it. Something new that I haven't seen at other places.. their Adobada is very delicious and flavorful. These are street taco size so I'm sure you will be able to chow down on more than 3 tacos. There are so many of their other stuff that I would like to try next time... like their fries? Yes please! Lengua Fries to be exact!Free Refills, ample seating, decently priced delicious mexican food. I don't think theres more that needs to be said.
4	Early in the morning or late at night - it's always a good time for Tacos El Gordo! I eat a lot of tacos, probably too many tacos, and this place is my gold standard for taco measuring. Great authentic tacos, plus they have free guac (take note, Chipotle) and delicious quesadillas. People literally sit outside of this place waiting for it to open in the morning - it's that good. But don't be fooled, they may open the door but you still have to wait another 40 min or so to get that taco goodness in you because they still have to finish cooking it all so all you can really get when they first open the doors is a drink. It's a tease. Plan accordingly.
5	Been here many many times every body I have ever brought has loved it here and they have came back best tacos and I'm Mexican so I should Lol
4	While looking up cheap places to eat that were good in the city I found this place.  Thought the reviews were by fanatic fans but nope!  The ambience isn't the greatest but to see your food prepared right in front of you and see what they do was a highlight for me.
2	Hm, not sure why this place got such high reviews...maybe because most people were tipsy when coming here?  Well, we came here sober cuz we wanted really good tacos and read all the rave reviews.  I told myself and my bf (who was the one who wanted to come here) that driving in Vegas traffic and waiting in this extremely long line better be worth it.  Well sorry my friends, it was sadly not!  It took us about a half hour in the line outside to get to the line inside, lol.  We ordered the spicy pork tacos and a quesadilla and both were just ok - I've had a lot better elsewhere.  Apparently the spicy pork tacos are supposed to be kickass here but for me, they were only meh.  Have you guys ever had really good tacos??!  My theory is that there's not many good taco places on the strip and that's why all the rave reviews?  Who knows, but I'm definitely not coming back here again...
5	The best tacos I ever had! The tongue taco was my favorite and costs about $2.50. There are three different lines to stand in to get the food you want; However, the lines move fast.
5	Delicious tacos! Great prices! FAST service!! This place was packed when we went a d the line ZOOMED! It was awesome food too. Carne asada fries were bomb!
5	This was my second time at Tacos El Gordo--and it was just as good (although more inebriated) than the first. Came after spending the night with Lil'John at Surrender. We got the pork shoulder, carne asada, tripe, and tongue. The pork shoulder was my favorite--some bits crispy and some bits very juicy and flavorful. I think we inhaled those tacos within minute (granted, they're sized to be about two large bites). Great way to end a great night out, or in the words of Lil'John, YEEAAAYYYUUHHH.
5	I would recommend this place to anyone who can speak Spanish ...and anyone who likes Mexican food . place feels authentic enough where I felt out of place but nice enough where I was able to order without being too judged.  FYI me and my gf was the only Asian in fact I think the only non mexicans there.  I couldn't really understand what they were telling me but I just said yes to whatever.  They have 3 stations and you just kind of tell them what you want. Portions are small but cheap so you just orders a bunch. The Mexican version of dim sum I guess. The place is open late but can look pretty intimidating if you during the late hours
5	I love this place, but they need to expand because sometimes it gets a tad busy. However, in the wee hours of the morning, as you're exiting XS..it is quite a pleasant waltz over to grab some al pastor fries to help you KO for the evening. Just..so..noms.
5	YUMMAYYYYYY.SOOO great for drunchies. It's literally across the street from the Wynn/Encore, so super easy to access. The best part is that the food is DELISH and CHEAP!There was a short line when we went, on a Thursday night around 1am (I know - I'm old now, can't hang!), but well worth it! Yummmmmmmmsssss.
4	While in Arizona visiting the Grand Canyon I searched for some places to eat because we were staying in Vegas for the week. So when I saw this place on yelp I immediately yelped out and told my mom we must try this place. I was rushing her to get back to Vegas so I could try it. Good thing they close at 3:00 am because most places closed at 9:00 pm and this was one of the only ones open. When I got here I had to have some carne asada fries and a al pastor taco. So after ordering I sat down with my family to eat. Oh heads up the Jamaica drink mixed with sprite and fresh squeezed lime juice is amazing. So after we ate, we decided to just sit a little while and people watch. Well around 12/1 o'clock the crowd started coming and lines were out the door. After a while we left. But overall the food was good and the prices were reasonable. Will be coming back next time I'm in Vegas. Very good ambience. Loved the place
4	Ok I gave this place a try again and definitely liked it more the second time around. My friends love this place so I had to go again. I probably had a bad first experience because they didn't have the fries. But this time they did and we got it with adobado (probably spelling it wrong but am too lazy to look it up right now haha) and it was so good! My friend and I killed the fries. We came after ebc so we were hungry and ready to eat! Definitely disappointed that they don't have orange bang anymore and still think the line structure of this place isn't the smartest but I would come back again when I'm in Vegas.
5	The best tacos I've ever had!!! Almost as close as the tacos from TJ. The best LENGUA tacos!!!!  Recommendation: Lengua tacos with a side of roasted chiles. DAAAAALICIOUS! !! NEVER MISS GOING THERE FOR TACOS WHEN IN VEGAS!!!Worth $2 a taco! !!
5	Loved it! Tacos taste like the ones I would normally order in TJ. Lines are crazy, separate lines for different meats but move pretty quickly- know what you want when you get to the front of the line. The tamarindo candy at the register is also very good!
5	Tacos El Gordo is located near the end (or beginning of the strip, depending on where you enter), right next to Encore, sort of across from Circus Circus, and nearby the Riviera Hotel/Casino. Although it's a pretty unassuming location, rest assured you are in the right place.Although we drove here from our hotel, I was able to find parking pretty easy. Your mileage may vary of course (we arrived around 9:00 PM)For new patrons of Tacos El Gordo, things can be a bit confusing. There are actually three (3) different lines going. Two feeding into the restaurant from the outside and one on the inside which is closer to the restroom.The two lines outside serve:1) Carne Asada/Chorizo2) Adobada (marinated pork)The line inside serves:3) Everything elseOne of the staff members does come out from time to time to remind people which line to get in - if you are here for the carne asada, it's the line all the way to the left of the restaurant (typically the longest line)After waiting about 40 minutes, I ordered 12 Carne Asada Tacos to share with my group which came with onion and cilantro, non-spicy red sauce, and a generous helping of carne asada and guacomole. I only decided on 12 because if they were really that good and I was still hungry, I did NOT want to get back into that crazy line.Refills are free with purchase of a soda! A definite plus for me.Tacos El Gordo also takes credit cards, another plus!The Carne Asada tacos were truly amazing. Featuring flame grilled steak and fresh ingredients, this is the perfect food to have anytime or right after a night of dancing and drinking. I think I ate at least 10 of these tacos.Tacos El Gordo is definitely popular for good reason. Whenever you see long lines it's one of two things:1) It's awesomeor2) It's overratedI'm happy to report that Tacos El Gordo is awesome and then some. Cheap and delicious food, free soda refills, and takes credit cards? This place is easily a winner.
5	The only thing that would make Tacos El Gordo better is if they served beer. Luckily you can grab one across the parking lot. We ordered 9 steak tacos & I'm ready to die of happiness. I can't wait to go back & try the adobada tacos & fries.
5	This place was recommended by a friend when I moved to Las Vegas.  The food is consistent, and everyone I have brought here LOVES it!
5	The tacos de asada were bomb! The guy preparing them was super fast and funny and got the line moving fast. Would definitely recommend. Love to come back and try the tacos de lengua as well. Great snack on the strip while shopping!
5	I always come here whenever I visit Vegas. The prices are a little higher than most taco trucks, but I would gladly pay 50 cents extra for some good quality tacos. I've also tried sesos tacos here; never tried brains before but they were actually not that bad.
5	Can I just say something? THESE ARE THE BEST TACOS I HAVE EVER TASTED!! My love for this tacos is humongous lol! I'm serious though this place is my first stop when I get to Vegas. I think the Adobada(spicy pork) tacos are the best ones! I kid you not I eat like 5 of these ! Haha anyways their fries are really good too! This place is good & it's cheap!! At first if you're unfamiliar with this place everything is going to be confusing! They have 3 separate lines for different kinds of food. Anyways this place is amazing & I recommend it (: !
4	I got 6 adobada tacos, and let me tell you they were some of the best tacos I've ever had, and I consider myself a taco expert. Fresh corn tortillas, pico, and the meat is cut right in front of you. The only down side is the wait is stupid long, I waited about 40 minutes, it also seemed like one of their kitchens were closed. Other than that these tacos are amazing at $2 a pop!
1	I went to this place on Wednesday and it was packed I thought the food was gonna be good well... I was soooo wrong I ordered a "quesadilla" with meat it was a soft tortilla (the size of my hand) with cheese and meat and on top of the meat they put a burned tostada I have never seen a quesadilla prepared like that and it didn't even taste good it had no flavor. My cousin ordered some tacos and the tortillas were  stuck to the paper they put them in  Worst place I have ever been to.
5	Back when I was a ye lad, my family and I used to go to Tijuana, Mexico at least 6 times a year. We would stop at this taco stand named Tacos El Gordo. It was some of the best tacos I have ever had. And my first time having a mula (it's like a small sandwich of tortillas with cheese, guacamole salsa and choice of meat). I always wanted them to be in the states. I came to Vegas a few years ago and I was driving down Las Vegas Blvd, I can't believe my eyes! Tacos El Gordo! I immediately stopped and ordered my tacos.  Wow! Tasted the same as the small stand in Mexico! And they hand make their tortillas. It's in a small plaza passing the Encore. Parking is sufficient. Outdoor and indoor eating areas. You have to order first and then pay. Your wait is a while, but well worth it! You have to stop here and eat!
4	Delicious authentic tacos.  It's just anorth of the Encore hotel
2	Tacos are yummy.  The al pastor tacos are my favorites.  Service is painfully slow.  If you want a taco asada and taco al pastor, you have to stand in 2 lines.  You will easily spend an hour and a half in line.  So for that reason, this place fails.  Probably won't be coming back unless its at an unusual hour to avoid the lines. So the verdict?  Great tacos, but not good enough to spend hours standing in line.
4	my new favorite drunchies place when I'm in vegas! as a first timer, it can definitely be overwhelming with the large swarms of hungry/drunk people and the confusing line situation (theres different lines for what type of meat or food you want). although the wait was kinda long, it was entertaining to watch the cooks make the tacos. the legit taco chief was seriously throwing guac/sauce in the air and it always landed in the tacos PERFECTLY. i was in awe! the tacos are decently priced and are bursting in flavor. my only regret was not ordering 10 more tacos
5	Hands Down the Best Tacos in Vegas!Perhaps even the best tacos in the west. There are other locations, like the one in San Diego, but there is something special about this place. The taste is very authentic, from the hand made tortillas, to the meat, to the fresh salsa and guacamole. If you love going to Tijuana for tacos, but hate the crossing the border for two hours plus... then this is the place to go. Just like TJ, but no need to wait to come back. Only issue is the line / crowd control... there are two lines, one for asada, one for everything else... and the line for asada is usually about 20 - 30 minute wait to order, while the other is very small usually under 10 minutes... but you don't know about the two lines until you've waited in them for a while. But there is a PRO TIP here... offer the guy in the alpastor line a nice 3 dollar tip and ask him to order a few asada tacos for you... works every time ! (Of course this only works in spanish... but it works).besides the huge lines, this place is the best... even after waiting 20 minutes... I still give it five stars, cause there is nothing like it... best place to eat in Vegas : )
5	The absolute best tacos in Las Vegas! Get the pork with some pineapple. Mulas are my favorite. It's an open faced quesadilla piles high with meat and salsa. Go ahead and throw some money in the tip jar and enjoy the VIP treatment. This place does it right on every level!
4	The line was crazy when we came here on the Thursday night before EDC weekend. You have to order different tacos at different sections of the restaurant. The first line to the left when you enter the doors is for beef tacos, the line on the right next to it we got the spicy abodaba taco, on the corner of that on the right is the lengua taco, and then the carne asada fries on right of that section.  Confusing but you'll probably see it when you enter the restaurant. We ordered half a carne asada fries and it was definitely enough for two people along with 3 lengua, 1 beef, and 1 adobada taco. The tacos ranged from $2-2.50 and the half of carne asada was only $5. We also ordered a horchata which was good too! Seatings are outdoors and we found seats pretty quick but it was so humid sitting outside. Will be back since it wasn't too expensive compared to other restaurants on the strip.
4	I can see why this place is so popular. The price for the quality of food is unbeatable around the strip. We went here during dinner time and the line was out of the door, but luckily the servers worked REALLY fast. There were different lines for different orders, so I suggest figuring out which line you are standing in before blindly standing behind someone. Overall the food was good, but I wished they had some grilled onions to enrich the flavor.
5	Great food that was worth waiting for! Long lines but tables continually becoming available so there was somewhere to sit. The chefs are fascinating to watch!Don't go here for a romantic dinner as seating is mainly outside on the pavement - more of an eat and go place than somewhere to linger. However for great food at a great price this is hard to beat!
5	There are a lot of taco trucks in LA, but I have to admit, this place is so delicious! Probably my favorite Mexican restaurant.I almost always make a trip here when I'm in Vegas. It's super close to the strip, so the drive is not bad (assuming Las Vegas Blvd doesn't have any traffic). However, parking can be hard to find if the plaza is super busy.My favorite is the Adobada (spicy pork/pastor) tacos for $2. The Carne Asada fries are also really yummy. They're $10, but HUGE, enough to share for 4-5 people.I always want to try other items, but I'm always craving the Adobada that I forget to!FYI, the water from the soda fountain tastes weird.
5	Hands down the best tacos I've eaten, aside from the other Tacos El Gordo in San Diego.  I was so happy to discover that this place was walking distance from where I was staying.  There was a long line, but we knew it was going to be so. worth. it. Upon reaching the entrance, you'll find that there are three lines inside for different tacos.       1. Carne Asada and Chorizo      2. Adobada     3. All the other stuffThis can get kind of problematic if you want a few tacos from each of the lines, but I'm guessing that this was the most efficient way to move things along.  Try to get your friends in the other lines to order the tacos for you!I tried the Lengua ($2.25), Tripa ($2.00), and Adobada ($2.00) tacos.  The lengua taco (aka tongue for you gringos) was SO tender and juicy.  Tripa (tripe) was kind of a  weird texture for me.  I don't think that crunchy goes well in tacos, but some might say otherwise! Adobada was my personal favorite.  That green sauce they put on it is delicious.  If you want the best cheap eats on the strip, I don't think you have to look much further than Tacos El Gordo.  Food: 5, Service: 4, Ambiance: 3, Price: 5
4	Cheap good tacos is why my husband and I come here.  We splurge on lunch and come here for a quick bite before a show.  I have to say the quality of their meat is pretty darn good it's not all full of fat and gristle.  We tried a variety of tacos and a mula which is a quesadilla with meat. At $2 a pop you can't go wrong. Seating can be a problem sometimes it can get pretty crowded, they also have outdoor seating but with the heat I prefer the ac. It's a noisy hole in the wall but I like those kind of places.  It is clean,tidy and we at least make 2 stops here while in Vegas.
3	The line was an hour long to get our tacos, probably because of EDC. The tacos were decent, but not great, and certainly not worth a 30 minute wait, let alone an hour! Each kind of taco has its own line, so if you want different meats and are by yourself, you're screwed, or even if you have 1 other person with you and want several different meats, you're still screwed.Also, they put guacamole on the tacos, which drowns out the taste of the tacos. I've been to Mexico many times and they don't do that there. California also has a large Mexican population and they don't do that there, either. Some places put chunks of avocados, but not guacamole.Maybe these are 4 or 5 star tacos for Nevada, but these are jus average for me. In the SF Bay area tacos are much better.
5	Best authentic tacos I've ever had. So tasty & really cheap. Anything with their adobada meat is amazing. I recommend adobada tacos with extra creamy green sauce and adobada fries! A half order of their carne asada or adobada fries can feed probably 3 people. They're usually not too busy whenever I stop by, but you never know how busy they'll get since it's right at the end of the strip. Customer service is usually great. The parking lot is kinda shady so lock your car doors. Other than that, I think this place is awesome.
1	Decent tacos, piss poor restaurant.  Lunch line was 45+ minutes.   They have 3 lines which is incredibly confusing.   No help from any employee, which would help the line move faster.    Outside, in the 100+ degree weather there are no fans, no misters, no service.Tacos were like $1.40-$2.00 each, and not worth the wait.    I'd much rather pay $15 for 3 tacos at CABO WABO that are made with much higher quality ingredients and taste a whole lot better.
5	For all my Mexican homies, one word: BOMB! Only bad thing, no booze sold here! But, you can bring your own! Lovely thing about Vegas!!!!
2	Two stars for extreme inconvenience. The food was ehhh. I've had better asada fries at home. The layout for this place is just plain stupid. There's different lines for different meats and if u accidentally get in the wrong line, because it isn't really obvious that u have to stand in a certain line for specific food, you may be turned away and asked to stand in a much longer line. It's ridiculous. We sat inside and every time you need to refill your drink or get napkins, whatever, you have to fight through people waiting in lines. After you order and get your food, it's then you go across the room to pay for it. They're asking for shady people to walk out the door without paying. Whoever designed that place needs to never design another establishment.
1	This one star is because if how I was treated there. After walking in the heat with a group of friends we stopped in for food. No air conditioning!! Just hot air blowing, and in Vegas this isn't a good thing. I started to feel very lightheaded waiting for a log time in the huge crowd to order. There was no drinking fountain in site and I had to ask three people for a cup of water, because I could feel that I was going to pass out. They said they were out and I asked if they had ANYTHING to put water in, a lid, a chip tray, and they said no, and refused me anything even though I told them I was going to pass out and saw a stack of cups behind the counter. I found a chip tray and drank from the fountain drinks water tap. By then it was kind of too late. I had to find a seat and try to chill out because I was on the verge of blacking out, my vision was blurry. So, never going back.
4	I had to update this down one star because I went the other day around 10-11pm on a Thursday night and wasn't expecting it to be busy, but of course it was. I didn't mind waiting in line at all because the line was just up to the door, but the biggest problem was... the line wasn't moving for at least 15-20 minutes. I was standing in the same spot for the longest time and it didn't look like anyone's order was coming up. Usually, they can get people their food pretty quickly but not this night. Some people were complaining because each line was for different kinds of meat and so groups had to split up into the different lines so they could get carne asada, adobada, etc. and waste time going on every line. There needs to be a better system for that because if someone is by themselves on busy nights and they want different kinds of tacos, are they supposed to wait in every single line and let their food get cold?  I still enjoy the food here and will most likely come back but this is what I experienced recently the other night.
5	Was looking for something quick to eat.. I have a great love for street tacos, so while looking on yelp I came across this place.. Some on the best damn tacos ever.. My Favorites: Adobada (Spicy Pork), and the  Carne Asada tacos.Come early to to avoid the long lines and stay away from coming at lunch time, because you will be sorry!!
3	Tacos were good, the system of getting your food was so unorganized! Not worth the hour wait!
5	When they offer tripe,  brain or tongue tacos,  you know the place is authentic. But go for the spicy pork  adobada tacos. Came for two,  ate four.  The carne asada with prickly pear (Taco Azteca con nopal asada)  was also very good.
1	The food here is amazing. Service tho... Really need to be improve. The guy on charge to make the Adobada fries was rude, I had an special request and he called me abnormal WTF?? After all he did not make my special order the way I asked for and told me that I will have to get in line to get another fries. Great food. Horrible service -0
1	My lengua was not fully cooked and honestly gross. The ordering is very weird and annoying. I'm not one to complain a lot, but the food is not worth the hassle of ordering and paying at a seperate part. Especially cold food.
4	After all my trips to Vegas, I always wanted to try something that I could only get in Vegas, so I've steered away from Tacos El Gordo. After my drunk friends kept talking about tacos ALL NIGHT at the club, we decided to leave the club early to eat here. After leaving Encore, some of us stumbled to Tacos El Gordo to grub on some Adobada (Spicy Pork) Fries and Asada tacos. The Adobada was very good although some pieces were dry. I've had better Asada, but when it's doused in guacamole and sour cream, it'll taste x times better.
4	Mulitas de adobada are the best. Adobada is pork meat marinated. You can order tacos, sopes, french fries, french fries with meat on them, quesadillas and a few other stuff. There can be a very big crowd at times. I fined if it is less crowded during the day and during the week. The tacos are street style tacos very much like they sale in Mexico.ENJOY
4	Spicy pork/adobada is so good!! Moist and so flavorful. The avocado sauce (I think it's avo sauce) is so amazing too! At 1:30AM it wasn't too bad of a line. Waited maybe 20 minutes. But it's worth it! There's separate lines for each type of meat you want so read that before standing in line. Wish they had chicken, but only beef and pork )= They ask you what you want and if you want all the toppings (cilantro, onions, avo sauce). You order, they give you the food, you walk to the back and pay. It's efficient. They'll put foil over it when u pay if you're doing to-go. There's a tented area in the front to sit and eat but it's crowded. Since we went at night the heat inside wasn't too bad, but there is NO air conditioner. Just fans, so it's stuffy. Probably so bad during the day time in the summer. No water out or anything either, and drunk people and heat don't mix well.  Saw a drunk guy totally pass out and hit the floor waiting in line. Heard a big thump when his head hit :/ he got up with a huge bump on his head and they called an ambulance. Hope you're okay whoever you are! Too bad you didn't get to try the amazing tacos.
5	food is AMAZING!  i love getting the steak tacos and the price is very affordable$2 tacos!!they open late night so definitely check it out
4	Coming from someone who isn't really a fan of Mexican food, this has got to be my favorite place for tacos! Every time I'm in Vegas, I have to stop here. Although the lines are always extremely long, I feel the carne asada tacos are worth the wait. They have two different lines for certain types of meats, so make sure you're in the right line! Give their carne asada fries a try too! But a half order should be enough for two people for it's really filling.
5	I found myself walking by this place late at night on the way back to my hotel and decided to give it a shot.Simply delicious.  Great place for a casual meal while in Vegas.Only very minor drawback is that the seating area is a bit on the warm side (it's July), but the tacos were so good I scarfed them in just a few minutes anyway.
4	I make it here every time I go to Vegas. Prices are reasonable, and the tacos are authentic. They have different lines for the different type of meats so make sure that you get in the right line. I saw someone get in the wrong line and had to move and start over again. The people making the tacos were pleasant to deal with. The location and condition of the building is not the greatest. In fact, it's really run down, and they don't have air conditioning, but if you can live with that, the tacos are delicious.
5	Best original mexican tacos in Las Vegas - does not get better then El Gordo's!
4	Well My husband wanted to try this place since a friend told him these were the best tacos in town.  uh huh.... So he tried the buche, and tripas (eewww really???!!!) tacos and I had the Carne Asada and al Pastor Tacos. ... Carne asada tacos were nothing to go crazy for... meh. Al Pastor tacos, were amazing!  the meat was soft and with all the fixin's (salsa, guacamole...etc) it was like heaven.  :-) My husband LOVED the buche and the other stuff he ate, again disgusting! but hell he loved it so I guess this place gets only 4 stars for me.... The Asada tacos were not mind blowing like we were told.  :-)
5	yum yum yum mexican food just off the end of the strip (:For carne/beef, line up on the left.  For pork, line up on the right!  My usual order is something like 2 adobados + 1 carne + 1 lengua taco (have a friend order all the carne, and another order all the adobados, otherwise you will have to line up twice!)This is a must-go if you are in vegas - cheap, delicious, tasty tasty food! Convenient parking, available seating.  What more can you ask for?Last time I came, however, half of their kitchen had been closed down for some reason and the wait time was ridiculous (close to an hour around lunch time).  On previous visits, my wait has always been around 20 minutes long around the same time (we have a habit of going right after hotel check-out, before driving back to socal!)  So that would be the only partly off-putting thing.  Fingers crossed for having the whole place back up and running again by the next time I visit!
5	Hint: Don't come here when you're hungry, if you have kids/a large group of people, or if anyone you are with is in a bad mood/ pissed off!My family and I went on 4 th of July & it was an hour and a half wait for food! It was highly amusing (for me) to see people getting all crazy and in fights over waiting for tables and just being aggro over the loooong waits.Yes, it's crazy-mad mayhem, dirty, & a pain in the ass to get a table... but it's a meal/experience you won't forget! Definitely go in with more than 1 person, because you have to wait in separate lines for different menu items!You HAVE to order the Adobada (spicy pork) tacos! They were the best thing we ate~ we tried all the different tacos and the Carne Asada fries. I don't know if it's cuz we were staving or if it's really that good,  but we all agreed that the food was awesome (2 friends with us that night we from Mexico, & they confirmed that those Adobada tacos were BOMB!!!)!So if the line isn't too bad and you're looking for some authentic Mexican tacos when you're in Vegas, this place is definitely a must!
5	After going here once, this place has easily become one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. My friends and I came here once for lunch after a night at EDC since it was a short walk from Circus Circus.We arrived at about 2:30pm and the lines were out the door. There were multiple lines: one for carne asada (beef), one for adobada (spicy pork) and one for lengua (beef tongue) + everything else. My friends and I all split into different lines. The adobada and carne asada line took ~45 mintues to order, whereas the lengua line didn't even take 15.I ended up asking my friends to get me something from each line.Carne Asada Fries ($10): The beef itself was really good. Super tender and just absolutely melts in your mouth. The fries, on the other hand, were nothing special. The fries comes with cheese, sour cream and guacamole (although I don't think we got the guac.)Adobada Taco ($2) and Quesadilla ($4): Easily my favorite. Definitely worth the wait for this. The spicy pork was probably the best I've ever tasted at any Mexican restaurant. It was the right amount of spicy and OMG was it juicy.Lengua Taco ($2.25): The lengua here is a really close second to the adobada. The meat is super juicy (like all the others lol) and there is a lot of flavor.Pork Shoulder Taco ($2): My least favorite out of all the meats, but still really good. It's basically like pulled pork, I would say. There isn't as much flavor in this compared to the other meats, but still, the meat melts in your mouth.Even though waits can be long, I would absolutely come back here. It's SO cheap for the amount that they give you.Notes:- They give a lot of toppings on EVERYTHING.- You order the food at the counter and then pay at the registers by the door. Kinda awkward when there's hella people in line and you're just trying to get through to pay.- Open super late Fridays and Saturdays.
5	My favorite place for tacos in Vegas! Asada tacos and mulitas are my favorite! Along with the guacamole they top them off with. Customer service was great. The girls where very friendly. The place was full of customers the whole time we where there. They really do bring the flavor from Tijuana. This is a must!
5	The place can get crammed with people but the wait is worth it. Easily up there with some of my favorite al pastor spots in CA. And it's always a plus when they don't charge extra for guacamole like most places do. The pastor was flavorful and plenty juicy. The salsa was great too, had some kick but won't set your mouth on fire. This will be my go-to spot for tacos next time in Vegas.
5	Since I have eaten their tacos, nothing has ever compared! The best tacos ever!! I went back the following day to make sure the food was that delicious and I wasn't just drunk, and sure enough it was delish! Awesome prices and fresh food.. The employees work hard and are very friendly. Love this place!
4	Still really good flavor but not as good as Cali :(. The meat seems to be different but the guacamole, marinade, and salsa make up for it.  But after a long night in Vegas I'm sure it hits the spot.
5	So, I had to come to Vegas to discover a restaurant that is also in San Diego!!!  Found this place mentioned as a top choice on several websites, especially when researching the best cheap eats in Vegas.  Granted, they are not necessarily cheap for street tacos ($2 to $3), but compared to prices in Vegas as a whole, Tacos el Gordo is a bargain!  During a lunch break during a business conference at the LV Convention Center, my friend and I came here.  Expecting huge lines, we prepared for a long wait, but it turned out that lunch time is a pretty good time to visit.  According to my friend, the lines are absolutely huge during the late night hours, after the clubs get out.  Anyway, I ordered two of their famous spicy pork tacos, one beef shoulder taco, and, because I wanted to be adventurous, one beef brain taco.  I had each one "with everything" and all of them were delicious!  Without a doubt, the two pork tacos were the absolute best...sweet, savory, spicy...full of flavor!  The beef shoulder was excellent to, a bit stringy, but overall very tasty.  The brain taco was...interesting.  With all of the accompanying toppings, it was very tasty, but it was the texture that was the most different.  Creamy is probably the best word to describe it.  Would I order one again?  Probably not, but I am very glad that I tried it.  Was it filling?  After eating my four tacos, I felt thoroughly satisfied.  I was by no means full, but happily fed (for about $10 mind you) and looking forward to a future visit.  When in Vegas, I will visit again and now that I know that they are also in my home town, I will be making a drive down there soon as well!
5	This place is off the chain! Tacos for days! Super good and the taco selection is awesome!! Asada, tripa, lengua, and steak fries! If you want some tacos come here! Tends to get full so prepare for a line to get some food. Outside sitting and the toppings are great too! Enjoy this taco paradise !
1	Wow it gets worse. i wasnt a fan of this place before and i keep coming back but it SUCKS first off theres no AC on a nice hot summer day in las vegas. they have some horrible air machine that blows the hot ass hair on your backthe people who go there are mostly ghetto , last time i was there i saw ANOTHER fight break out in the tent then the dumb security comes and pepersrpays everyone so the spray gets in our food and eyes and nose, my eyes start to hurt and everyone starts sneezing..come on , so ghetto. the lines are CONFUSING theres a damn long line for carne asada and another for the al pastor. ARE YOU GUYS STUPID? dont do thatthis place is aweful its a mess its dirrty and looks like a dumpits TRASH dont go here the food is average but everything else sucks stay away oh and bring someone who speaks spanish or else good luckgod i hate this place ghetto and dirty
3	200+ people in there, their cafeteria set up ends up becoming one long long line per meat type and theeen you pay at another line.So I did as many others were doing, ate my tacos before paying, which pissed off the cashier and a couple of the workers so now everyone was happily joined in pissedoffness over their ridiculous set up. Maybe after giving away tacos and giving customers and workers a terrible time, they'll get smart and do business the normal way. The tacos were good of course,(anything is good in a tj style steamed meat greased tortilla) but not worth the hour you'll waste trying to get a couple of different meats.I suggest driving a little further down to Charleston ave where the other gordo is at, wich is busy, but you'll be eating in ten minutes tops.
1	shitty service overated!!! unorganized service.. food was edible but nothing spectacular. carna asada was dry and chewy. waited for 2 hours in line way over hyped. ridiculous!!!! not recommended!!! do not listen the lady that moves you to the other line!!!
5	In terms of value this is my favourite restaurant in Vegas. The best tacos Ive ever had for $2 a pop. I would definitely recommend the Adobada tacos with everything on them, but its hard to go wrong with anything on the menu.Some downsides are that El Gordos always seems busy and it is probably not the most efficient ordering experience if you want multiple kinds of tacos given that there are separate lines depending on what you are ordering. If you are going as a couple or as a group I would suggest coordinating your order and splitting up amongst the lines. Even with the downsides the tacos are always worth it though. Just a fantastic, genuine, taco shop with no frills. Tacos El Gordo is a must eat for me whenever I'm in Vegas. Perfect for lunch or post Vegas shenanigans late night eats.
5	i love this place when i'm not sober. sooooooo gooooooood. Came here 3 times today. And I'm probably coming back for more.
4	Had the pleasure of trying Tacos El Gordo and it was definitely worth the wait you have to endure if ordering lengua, buche or tripa. The lengua was one of the better ones I have ever had. Soft, tender and tasteful so it  was well worth the wait. The grilled onions, radishes made a perfect combo with the lengua.The tripa, which I had not had in a while, was perfect. It was crispy, chewy and just enough salt to being it all together. Having to wait for service isn't terrible because it is a small place and what looks like a popular destination. Definitely a place to try if Mexican is desired.
4	Walked over here with my gf before the mad lunch rush.  This place gets crazy busy, so be prepared to wait in a disorganized line.  I prefer the SD location because it seems more hole in the wall.  But, still the tacos here are awesome!  My favorites are the lengue, pastor, cabeza and asada.
5	While your in Vegas do yourself a favor and start going north on Las Vegas Blvd. Once you see a strip mall near crappy hotels like The Riviera and Circus Circus you're at Tacos El Gordo. Tacos El Gordo is a Tijuana taco joint that is also now in the U.S. They have locations in San Diego, Vegas and Temecula. Having tried the real deal in TJ, I was skeptical that the Vegas one would not be as good. But it is just as good. When you first walk in its a little hectic and confusing. They have separate lines for different meats.  All the tacos are good but their best is the Al Pastor or Adobada. It's a  thinly sliced marinated pork on a rotating spit. Make sure to order plenty of tacos and ask for the green salsa and cebollitas (onions) and chiles.  I also highly recommend the Adobada quesadilla and Adobada fries which is French fries with a ton of Adobada meat. This place is heaven for any taco loving glutton. I've had tacos all over Mexico and can honestly say these are the best tacos you will find in the United States. I was trying to keep this place a secret but judging from the lines there and number of reviews the secret is out. The Vegas location is full of tourists so it's key to go there at the right time which is early for lunch or early evening for dinner. During the 2am drunken hour this place is a zoo.
5	Fabulous food for those going from the sublime (Encore by Wynn across the street) to the local and not ridiculous. Very serious taco lovers only.  No new age veggie or chicken; the quesadilla de lengua (tongue) is specialty.  We loved sopa de chorizo b/c the mamasita is making fresh corn sopas as you watch. Fresh. Delicious. Satisfaction guaranteed.
4	Brains!!! That's what sealed the deal for me as soon as we walked up and I saw the menu. I Immediately ordered six and I wasn't disappointed one bit. As with most other taco places I've been to, they had a salsa bar with all the fixings. I usually go to for limes, onions, and cilantro. So, I topped my brain tacos and dug in. They were rich, creamy, and delicious.As for the place itself, it was clean, the staff was friendly, and packed with people! All a good sign in my book. I'm happy we made the decision to stop. If you're ever in Vegas, you should too!
1	I don't see what everyone is talking about!  First off their ordering system sucks! You have to wait in three different lines depending on which meats you want. By the time you get your food from one line and have to order in the other your food is cold.  Then you still have to wait in another line to pay. Second, they use chuck steak!  A carne asada taco consists of flap skirt/Ranchera meat.  Third, the al pastor tasted like a piece of sweet thanksgiving ham and they smothered it with a green moco looking sauce. Fourth, the lengua was kept in a boiling pot of lard.  Lengua is boiled then kept steamed, not kept warm in lard.  The tripas tasted like they were not clean and when I asked if they were crispy he said, "yes", but were soggy.  The cabeza was also kept in the lard to keep warm.  I know mexican and this was not!  I come from Guadalajara where the street tacos are amazing and when I seen they had "Vampiros" I was super excited. Until they came out.  The cheese was not good and they packed it with a pound of pico de gallo that made what should have been a crispy tostada a soggy tortilla!  Will NEVER return!
1	Not the worst, but DEFINITELY not worth the trip north of strip! First off, the meat is NOT carne asada. It is chuck steak. The ordering system is horrible. Three lines for each meat. If you want more than two meats, then your food will be cold. The chile was whack. If you want real San Diego Mexican food, try Roberto's. It's opposite end of strip. In between Mandalay Bay and South Pointe. I've lived in SD before and they have the best! Better than. LA!!!
5	Pastor Tacos are AWESOME here. Well worth the wait!!! We look forward to coming here when on Vegas.
5	Everyone raves about their adobada but I think their cabeza is by far the best meat !! Two cabeza tacos and a small order of any meat fries will surely send you straight back to your hotel room with a big smile and a little faint. Gordos is a nice 10 minute walk from encore beach club so stuffing your face here after starving yourself is the best way to end the afternoon
5	I don't get it. There shouldn't be a great chain taco place in a well-touristed location such as the Strip, but here it is.Tacos El Gordo has been one of my bookmarks for a long time, yet somehow it wasn't until I was literally half a mile away that I decided it was worth the trip. I'm really glad I made that oh-so dreadful drive...Even though I've been to similar places, it took me a while to order. I wasn't sure why everybody was piled up on one side of the ordering area. And then there was the empty ordering station on the right edge, which threw me off further. Eventually, I did find my way to the open al pastor station and the open assorted cuts station, and I got my tacos.After paying (cash only, $2+tax per taco), snapping photos, and finding a seat (outside the off-peak yet still packed restaurant in this awesome tent with two heavy-duty fans and real tables), I dug in and enjoyed delicious bite after delicious bite. And yes, I can review meat by meat because I asked the guy in the kitchen to point out which was which. And I may have eaten some of these before.- Sesos: braaaaains. You, too, can be a zombie! This is pretty creamy. Makes sense, because it's cow brains. (Not sure I can compare the flavor to anything, just try if it you haven't and aren't squeamish. And no, i don't have mad cow disease yet.)- Cabeza: tender head meat. From a cow. You can taste salt but it's not salty. Came with a green salsa, same one as on the cesos taco, and diced onions and cilantro, same mix as they provide on all tacos.- Al pastor (adobada): I've had the unfortunate experience of overcooked, dry, salty pork at other places. Not here. I actually saw the meat bubbling on the vertical spit, and it tasted delicious. They actually have a medium spiciness red salsa under the almost neon green, sweet sauce.(Funny story with that al pastor. There weren't pineapples, so I asked if it came with them. Al pastor guy goes to the fridge and unwraps the foil from a large piece of pineapple, then sticks the pineapple on top of the vertical spit, and carves off a nice hunk from it. Just throws it on the taco, which I didn't mind since I can portion control with my incisors. A minute later, as I'm ordering at the adjacent station, the pineapple somehow comes flying into the boiling tray of meats and splashes liquid all over the sneeze guard. Dude didn't know where it went and looked around for a while until he finally saw it. Boiling tray station employee grabbed it for him and returned it.Anyway, back to the rundown.)- Tripas: pretty salty, not as intestinal as you might expect, crunchy from being fried, comes with that red salsa from above. I'd get it again, probably.- Suadero: beef shoulder. Best purely savory thing that I tried here. It's beef, and you can feel the meat fibers, but it's still quite tender.- Buche: chewy, visible stomach lining. Little salty and perhaps acidic, which isn't that surprising since it's, well, a pig stomach. Don't confuse it with pork belly, because that's something else entirely.Huge credit to Tacos El Gordo for offering a quality, cheap product, especially on the Strip. I'd definitely come back here or check out their other Las Vegas location the next time that I'm thinkin' tacos (probably for cabeza, al pastor, suadero, and the lengua that I skipped out on). I'd also try the San Diego locations too if somehow I managed to check out all the other popular spots first.
4	We were there on Saturday night around 7. We knew about Tacos El Gordo because we've been to the Charleston location on many occasions. The Strip location is just as good, but not surprisingly crazy busy on a Saturday. There's no seating inside this location, just a tent with a handful of tables out in front. At least the tent has swamp coolers inside to keep it habitable inside.The wait seemed interminable, even with five lines going at once. I don't know why, but it seemed that the kitchen line was stalled for about 10-15 minutes while they were taking care of something or other back there. Once the line got moving it went quickly, but the 15 minutes in the swarm of people, even in a partially air-conditioned building, was no fun. We ended up getting our 5-year-old son an helado from the freezer and let him eat it (yes, we paid for it, but after it was gone).The wait notwithstanding, the food at TEG is great. It is usually worth the wait, though on this day and considering the extra delay, it was slightly less so. We did, though, have happy tummies afterward, so all in all, it's still near the top of my list.Still, though, on a Saturday, I would take the extra time to drive up to the Charleston location. I doubt that the extra driving time would be any less than the wait in line on the Strip.
5	Look - I know one assumes that a 5 star meal in Vegas will always break the bank. Gordo is here as living proof that the assumption does not always stand.One of the BEST MEALS I had on my trip. Tacos Azteca were some of the best tacos I've ever had in my life. The experience itself was great too. A little weird at first (you have to stand on different lines depending on what you want) but you'll get it. And you'll be happy you made the trip up the block.
5	The best real and authentic Mexican tacos.. You must try this place on the strip they stay open until 4am! I love it I'm decently going back to this spot the food here is simply amazing!!
5	My new MUST stop when I go to Vegas (It used to be Earl of Sandwich and Fat Tuesdays). I am one of those people who like to try weird stuff so as soon as I saw the menu I got excited. I got: Tripa, Sesos, Lengua, Cabeza, Adobada, and Carne Asada. I loved all of them specially the Adobada and the Sesos!! I also like the fact that they give you grilled green onions with you food! Amazing and made to order.
3	The first time I went here, a long time ago, the lines were so long and confusing because we didn't know how to handle going from each station that we just gave up and left. Now I've been to the other location on a taco crawl I knew what to expect when our friends asked us to come grab tacos here. We go in line for the al pastor as that was the majority of what we needed, then tipped out the station for them to get the other stations to make our other tacos simultaneously and tip out those stations as well. Or if you are in a group of friends, have someone in each line ordering for the group and split the cost among yourselves. We were here at 11ish and the line took 25 minutes. I had - Al pastor - this pastor was decent. Not too fatty, the seasonings were good. I like the avocado sauce they put on it, as well as the salsa on it. Ask for pineapple too! I think if I go here, I will probably just get this meat in various vessels (tacos, vampiros, fries, etc). Cabeza - there was crispy edges to this which was different. The flavor of it was just OK though and there are cabezas I far prefer around town. I noticed they dip the tortillas at this station in the grease for flavor, but that made my taco also a bit soggy. It was better the last time I had them. I got a plate of the green onions and peppers as well (these are free) and the green onions is probably my favorite thing about this place. I don't want to do this very often as I absolutely hate the cattle line system. Maybe I'm coming off like a brat, but I've stood in lines for many of foods with zero complaints as there are some things worth the inconvenience and time spent. These are good tacos, but not the greatest taco in town as they are hailed to be. Great late night spot, specially for tourists, but I will rarely visit and will go to the Charleston one if I can help it.
5	A notch lower than the one in Chula Vista definitely, because the pork goes on the grill for a little bit before reaching your taco, rather than cutting it right off the rotating roaster and dropping into the taco.in order from best to good1 - Spicy Pork Tacos2 - Lengua Tacos3 - Shoulder Tacosquite honestly I would recommend getting 4 spicy pork tacos and 2 lengua tacos for yourself.  ask your friend to simultaneously line up for a different ingredient so you don't have waste time standing around
2	The lines to order are very confusing and they are slow as hell. I think there overated and the people who wo r ks there aren't friendly at all. Customer's service is terrible.
3	The tacos are good.. the vampiro is the best one but this place is a mad house! There are different lines for different meats and when its busy this place is smoked up, cramped, and hot. I don't think it's worth the insanity at all
3	The food here is great! The carne asada fries are amazing and just thinking about it makes my mouth water. Sooo why the 3 stars? The process to order here is not practical for the customer. There are diffrent lines based on what kind if tacos you want. If you want carne asada AND al pastor tacos u may have to get in line again because each line is specific for the meat. The lines are also fairly long no matter what time I've gone here (2 am or 5pm).
5	My must go to place whenever I'm in Vegas! It's fast, fresh, easy & affordable. Adobada tacos, fries, errthang! It's the meat I only and always get ... I've just recently discovered you can request pineapples on your tacos; tried it & it was delish :p  -don't forget the grilled jalapeno & iced horchataaaaa
2	I walk in on a warm Summer Tuesday night at 11:30pm and look at the ridiculous set up of different lines for different meats and I and many others are overwhelmed.  It takes an hour to finally get to the counter and get my food. The tacos de adobada (al pastor) are nothing to write home about and much less spend an hour in line for. They were OK. If you think these tacos are 100% authentic tacos al pastor or arabe or adobada.....whatever you want to call them. You have not tried 100% authentic street style tacos. Even L.A.'s famed King Taco blows this place out of the water. Not worth it. P.S. I saw many people ordering food and not paying for it.
3	We were walking up the strip and came upon this taco place that has been raved about on Yelp and by some friends we know. Naturally, we had to eat there given the circumstances: tipsy, tired, and the great reviews.We ordered two tacos and a mulita each, plus a coke. Of course it's Vegas, so the tacos were way higher priced than your normal King Taco. That's something I don't care about if the food is delicious. Unfortunately, the meat was so bland! The only thing we tasted were the onions and cilantro. That's it!I'm not so sure they season their meat, but we were very disappointed!
5	Great south of the border tacos. Also go next door to the souvenir store and buy your cold beer to go with your tacos. They just got their alcohol license today. Heaven sent.
5	One of the best places to eat in Vegas period. Always packed and can be a little confusing for first timers as hordes of people seem to be haphazardly standing in random locations but fear not there is an order to the madness. There are different lines for each of the different meats. I'd say the hectic atmosphere even adds to the charm of this place. Great place to end a drunken night or grab a cheap but delicious bite. Order the Pastor with pineapple!
4	Great tacos! Long lines! They are worth the wait! I had chicken tacos and carne asada fries and Wow I loved them.  I don't so much like the wait but if you are looking for great Mexican food, a must try.
3	Was really excited to try this place after hearing my friend rave about it and knew i had to come try it for myself.. my friend got the carne asada fries and I got two carne asada quesadillas..I was not impressed... maybe because there was a long line but when I got my tacos the meat was completely burned and hard.
5	This place was the highlight of my Vegas trip. This place is clutch. Every night after a  night of drinking I would cab it to this spot, have a feast..Then walk to my hotel for about 45min. No hangovers...And I'm hangover prone...clutch I tell you.I'm going to describe the food with one word "phenomenal"!!!!. Best Al pastor tacos I ever tasted, always loaded with plenty of pineapple slices.Love, Love, Love this place.
4	Delicious food, but confusing process. This place was jammed pack, but rightfully so!
5	Hands down best tacos that you can get in the USA.They are the normal size, so small. But we got them with everything on them and the salsa and cilantro were super fresh and great. We order the abadoba & CARNE Asada tacos. I also ordered a quesadilla and tostada and they aren't worth the extra 2 bucks. Just go the right way with the tacos, they are amazing.Pay attention to the lines they are confusing.
2	Im not sure why this place has more than 2 stars, its not that good, OK at best. Maybe if you never had Mexican food before than that would make sense. To start, the lines are confusing and chaotic!The tacos, were made inconsistent, some had not enough meat some had no guacamole some had one tortilla and some had two. The meat, was dry with no taste. The price at $2.00 a taco off the street should be a Very Good taco, this is not even close, its more of a $1.00 taco!So many other places are much better. I don't get it.
5	I couldn't tell if I was still drunk or hungover. Either which, my diminished blood sugar filled rage went ahead and decided to order everything I possibly could.The neat thing about this place is that they separate the lines into three, so different stations serve different items. I didn't dare venture into the soup looking thing, so I stuck to the tacos and loaded french fries.For the price, venue, and how drunk I was this place was freaking awesome.
4	I waited until my last day in Vegas to try this spot because I knew I would pig out. I was so excited to eat here. I was hoping it wouldn't be too long of a wait because I was starving! The place is right next to Encore. Towards the end of the strip. There is a red rent outside for outside seating. When you walk in there are several lines. There's a line for asada and adobada fries. A line for carne asada tacos and Mulitas and a line for adobada and al pastor Mulitas and tacos. Then a seperate line for anything with buche, suadero, and tripa, lengua. This was the reason why I didn't give it 5 stars. I would rather just order my food and have them call out my number when it's ready. But in a way if works for Vegas craziness. The prices for the tacos are a bit higher than usual. Tacos are about $2. Mulitas $4, fries $10. I tried the adobada fries and these were delicious with a decent amount of meat topped with sour cream and guacamole and cheese.2 al pastor tacos. Topped with onion, cilantro and guacamole. So delicious. Perfect size too. I also had a Mulita with tripas. So delicious. The Mulitas are small but since I had tacos tok I was satisfied. This is a place you need to come to while in Vegas. The food is great and it's also affordable compared to other places on the strip. The food is also very authentic. Besides the different lines just one other thing to complain about... The soda machine ran out of ice and it took a really long time to get ice.
5	Whoever knows mexican food should know this place is fukn AWESOME!! the best !! The asada fries are pricey but keep in mind they have a small order which is still a good amount for $5 ... These are true TJ tacos ! I never leave vegas without eating here!
5	We came here specifically for the Adobada Tacos. My girlfriend has been raving about this place since we started dating because apparently there is one in San Diego and it has the best Tacos in that nation. When we had arrived on a Monday afternoon, it was still packed! At that moment I was pretty excited to try the Adobada tacos because people were lining up for this place on a weekday. Finally we had arrived at the counter and had ordered 3 Adobada tacos each person and it did not disappoint! It was by far the best tacos I have eaten. We both pretty much inhaled it in a matter of minutes. The Adobada tacos because the meat was cooked to perfection and the sauce was on point. We also got the Horchata to wash it down. Best combo! This place definitely worth the hype and worth the wait. I'm glad we came here and will definitely be visiting this place again.I can't wait to come back and order their other signature dishes!TACO HEAVEN :)5 Stars!
4	Oh Tacos El Gordo. Really sucks that you're located on Las Vegas Blvd where every tourist and their mom wants to try your delicious tacos. And it also sucks that you have bad air circulation, barely any AC, and barely any place to park. However, your tacos are the boooommbbb diggity and this is why you deserve all the stars. Nothing about the food needs to be changed... the adobada, lengua, and tripa tacos are all seasoned perfectly and melt-in-you-mouth and I would recommend them to anyone. What you do need to change is the ordering process. Long lines with bad air circulation and sweaty people do not make for happy customers such as myself. Thus, because of this I will not be coming back.
5	I went here like 3 times the last time I went to Vegas and it was so goooooddd !! I've never been to a taco place that includes guacamole without an extra cost. This is a real authentic taco place, and it's cool to see them prepare it right in front of you. When I go back to Vegas, this will be my first stop!
5	found this place using Yelp. this place is always busy for a good reason. the tacos are great and for a fair price for being on the strip. the only thing is that the lines are confusing.  Depending on what type of meat you want you have to stand on different lines. it is more confusing when you don't know where to pay especially with the amount of people ordering food. sitting is easier to find outside in the heat then inside. I still recommend this place. great food.
4	Love taco el gordo best flavor out there from it's Tj location to Nevada BUT HERE ME PLEASE:You need one line to order. A separate line for each item you order. By doing that i wait 30 min Carna Asada Taco line then 30 min for Adobada Taco line
5	The best tacos in Las Vegas! ! Takes you back to Tijuana style. We had carne asada mulitas and al pastor tacos,  really good and tasty :)
4	Overall: still the best late night tacosPros-abodabo-al pastorCons-buche is extra funky, not my fav here but others liked it- tripa, again not a fanSidenote:- if you like eating innards you probably will enjoy the buche and tripa- if you are getting crazy amounts of food, be sure to get a tray
5	La madre santa de Dios que es un taco bueno! Have you ever had a taco so good that you spontaneously start speaking spanish? Yeah. Who knew a $2 taco could turn you into a cunning linguist? I don't know what it is about Tijuana street food but boy are we glad they set up shop here in Las Vegas! Tacos El Gordo... Go! Go there now! Holy mother of God that's a good taco!As we Mexican food aficionados, we were more than thrilled to finally find some good grub here in Vegas. For a mere two dollars you can get carne asada tacos, tacos de cabeza, tacos de lengua, and our personal favorite, tacos adobada (spicy pork). When you walk through the door you will immediately be greeted by the beautiful adobada roasting on a spit. Now really. Who doesn't like beautiful pork spinning about on a spit?Warning! Don't be distracted by the $10 fries! This is a distraction for gringos! Your mission is tacos, tortas, sopes, and more tacos! All much cheaper than the gringo fries and much more delicious! So get in your car and get your ass to Tacos El Gordo!
1	It was really busy late night on Saturday. It took  over 30 minutes for the 3 of us to get 12 tacos because of their line system. That did not bother me very much though; it was the cashier who counted the number of tacos herself, overcharged me an extra taco, and failed to give my receipt when I paid for my food. After getting seated, I realized that had happened. I quickly went back to the cashier to let her know so I can get a free soda since I didn't want to wait in line for a taco.  Due to the language barrier, a coworker of hers explained the situation. The cashier refused to admit she overcharged me and did not do a single thing to make matters better, even after I did the math and showed her the amount I was charged in my credit card. If it were an accident, that's totally understandable. I think it was intentional. On the flip side, I really enjoyed the tacos despite the ordeal. Anyhow, just watch out for this kind of thing. I know it seems silly to trip about $2, but it is the way the situation was handled that can make any meal turn sour. Luckily, there is a Tacos El Gordo in San Diego.
5	OMG, I'm definitely coming back to this place! So many choices of meats to choose from. The flavors of the different meats are soooo good too. I polished off 6 tacos and I'm loving every bit of it! The only issue I have is....... They don't serve beer.
4	$2 for tacos (except lengua which is $2.25) pretty standard pricing for better-quality tacos throughout the west, and these are good ones. Considering strip inflation right in this area the pricing is really pretty good espc. considering how good the food is. Ordering is a bit grabastic at first until you see how the system works. There's like 5 or 6 different grill stations that each specialize in certain meats, with a sign up over each indicating which are which. You go to the ones you want and order the items you want. You can combine orders at one station too if they're neighbors with the other meat you want. Then once you get the food you take it to one of the registers and they ring you up.
4	Two white girls walk into a taco bar...Okay, so I'm not white, but pretty darn close, especially when I walk into a place like this. I've never wanted to know how to speak Spanish so badly in my life...yet my bilingual skills are no bueno. So anyways, how did we end up here for lunch with our four kids? I'll tell you how. I walked by this place multiple times, to and from our hotel. I stopped one night and looked at the menu. I was tempted to go inside and order, but I didn't. Anytime of day that I walked by there, there was always people there. It could be 11AM or 11PM, always a line. That's another good indicator of good food. Finally, on our last day in Vegas, we decided to eat at this spot. Looking at the menu, I had decided that I wanted the al pastor tacos, my friend went with it and wanted the same. The kids got quesadillas and french fries. While trying to figure out what I wanted to eat, I realized that you have to stand in the the right line for the type of meat you want. I was able to order the quesadillas and french fries with the guy once I got there. It's pretty good food, I enjoyed the tacos I had. My kids were satisfied with their food too. I mean, you can't really complain, $30 for six people's lunches...one of the better deals on the strip. I'd visit here again, these tacos sure beat Jack In the Box tacos after you've partied a little too hard, haha.
3	The tacos are amazing but definitely not worth the HOUR plus wait just to order the tacos.   The ordering process is the most chaotic,  crazy thing I've ever seen. They have 3 lines for different meats.   If you want a carne asada taco and an adobado,  you have to go to two different LONG lines!   It's ridiculous.   Mind you,  this was a Tuesday night!  I do have to give credit for the tacos.   They were really good.   Would I eat there again?   I would like to  but I won't just because the ordering process and lines were just to out of control.
1	Definitely not worth the wait, I'm not sure if anyone writing reviews has ever had a truly great taco before. There was nothing special about the meat, tortillas, or salsa. We tried the asada and pork, both were not even average. Go to any taco truck in LA and it will be faster and better than this joint! Highly disappointed and would never recommend.
5	I love tacos and fries, and this place knows how to do tacos and fries. My favorite meat is the marinated pork adobada (which I still can't pronounce), and I get that with everything. Their portions are ginormous, esp with their fries; guacamole, cheese, sour cream, pork adobada, mhmmm. It's all there. Their tacos are crafted to perfection and omg, I crave the tacos from this place 24/7. T_TThis place is also extremely busy at night, and I'm not fond of their ordering system at all. There are lines for different types of meats, and that prevents me from trying other meats. Regardless, I'm still satisfied coming here just for the pork adobada fries and tacos!
5	Extremadamente recomendado ! You can't leave Vegas without coming to this place... Debes de probar las de tripas y las quesadillas y obviamente con todo!!!
4	Good and cheap. The place to be for overnight Mexican taco fix. Walking distance from the Wynn.
1	Horrible service at this particular location! I've been in Tacos el Gordo in San Diego and in Mexico and I never experienced the constant harassment of the cashier to pay for my food. When I got there, she told me how to order and then to bring back my food and pay for it. Good, I got it! However, I ordered some tacos and while I was waiting in a table for the carne asada fries for my boyfriend, she again approached me to tell me that I had to go and pay for the food. I told her I was still waiting for my order and she said " yes, I know but you still have to go and pay at front" anyways, we got our carne asada fries wrong! Because we told the lady twice not to put sour cream on it and she did. We told her but we didn't wanted to wait another 15 minutes because my tacos were already cold. So, I stayed at the table and my boyfriend took the food to the cashier and paid. He came back to bring the food and left to grab some soda so I started eating and the cashier approached me for the third time to tell me that I had to pay for the tacos, I was so mad!!!! I didn't even looked at her but I told her that we already did, she demanded the receipt and I told her that I didn't have it because my boyfriend paid for them, and she asked me where he was!!!! So I told her, I was very uncomfortable and I didn't enjoyed my food at all. I left the place and while my boyfriend was looking for me he heard the cashier talking to the security about me! That I left without paying, until my boyfriend told her that I was with him. She didn't even apologize, she just said that is because a lot of people leave without paying. Awful customer service because you can't judge based on other people's bad behavior. Besides, if you're new to this place, there are three different lanes which are very confused due to the amount of clients allowed that over reaches it's maximum capacity! We got there at 11 am and got our food 45 minutes later! The food it's not worth the wait, if you're really hungry go somewhere else!
3	So I constantly heard people talking about how amazing this taco shop is, and I had to try it. The lines are outrageous, and it is set up as a cafeteria style where you stand in line, get your food & then you pay. The taste of the tacos were absolutely amazing, however, I paid $2 for a  taco about the size of my hand. After eating 2 of them, & an order of fries, I couldn't honestly say I was full. Overall, would rate as average.
4	I went to Tacos el Gordo a couple of weeks ago because of the other yelp reviews and just had to add my 2 cents. This place has absolutely fabulous authentic taco stand food! I do have to say that I did subtract a star for the fries. I shared the adobada fries and the fries were a little limp and weren't really cooked long enough. But the adobada was wonderful! I wish I had just gotten the tacos or a burrito instead and skipped the fries.  I also had a carne asada taco that was just perfect. Overall, the food is really, really good. It can get a little hectic when it is busy, but not overly so, I don't think and I think the separate lines, besides being a necessity for the different items, also speed the process. The check out process could be a little more efficient as far as getting from the food lines to the check out, but they have two cash registers, so that is helpful. I am going back tonight because this is one of those places that once you have been, you keep thinking about when you can go back.
5	Hands down the best andMost authentic tacos and quesadillas on the Las Vegas strip! No contest
4	Very good food here, but the line is very long sometimes and takes forever to get your food, thats why I had to take off 1 star.  But I will be back when I get that craving
4	Cheap and fresh, can't beat this place. Very authentic but very long lines. The food is all fresh and tasty.
5	I still remember seeing this place when it first opened and witnessing how its evolved into this taco juggernaut. The space got bigger, they added outdoor seats, and now the crowd is out of control.  Midday Saturday I waited 15 minutes for food. Can't imagine what its like peak times.  Same recos - spicy pork is solid, almost like chinese bbq pork. Lengua is good too. Spicy pork fries are $10 and massive enough will feed an army of children (or hungry men,  whomever you have). Even the half size lengua fries are massive, but the pork is better,  unfortunately only comes in large.
4	First timer? It'll get a little confusing ... There are separate lines for the different types of meat and for the fries. Pick the line for which meat you want most (it'll be a problem if you want different types of meat unless someone in your party is already waiting in that line). Tell them what you want for that meat (taco, mulas, quesadilla, etc). Grab your order and go to the register to the right and pay for what you ordered.Thankfully I came with two people who had already been here and showed us the ropes! I ordered the adobada (spicy pork) quesadilla ($4). I'm pretty sure what I got was not a quesadilla. Not sure if the guy knew what he was doing? It was a taco with a small piece of crispy circular tortilla on top.. not pressed together or anything just thrown on top. We asked him what that was and he had to tell us it was the quesadilla. Very confused.. The flavors were good though. Ask for grilled onions (they give you green onions) and chili. Parking can be somewhat of a behind depending on when you come. Many of the parking spots in front of the other tenants have parking just for their store. We came during random hours at 2:30pm and the place was still pretty crowded.
2	I personally don't like this place. I've been to a place where the meat is top notch quality and  has no nerves so this place doesn't really stand up.
3	This is one of my favorite places to eat tacos in San Diego, the quality of the food at this Vegas location is not the same.  The sauce used on the adobada tacos lacks flavor, the meat is cut into small cubes vs strips like in San Diego. The  tortillas are cold.  This place is just too busy, I think it suffers because of that. If you are craving an OK taco, then this place will do just fine.  The wait is not worth the taste.
4	Some of the best tacos I've ever had. I'm all about the carne asada, but don't bother with that stuff at Tacos El Gordo. Go with the adobada, hands down. The meat is tender and juicy, the avocado sauce is creamy and full of flavor, and the salsa has a decent kick.I've been here twice and I'm only giving it 4 stars because the food didn't seem as fresh the second time around for whatever reason. The meat was a little cold and the fries were a bit undercooked. Also, they were a bit stingy with the meat on the adobada fries and they went overboard on the cheese and sour cream. Regardless, if you visit Las Vegas, try to make time to hit this place up. It can get busy during peak hours, so keep that in mind if you're running a tight schedule. The first time I went, we probably spent a good 30-40 minutes standing in line waiting for food.
5	Got a tip from a friend about this place. Great down and dirty taco shop just like the ones you would find back in Santa Ana. Good food, good prices. You can't beat a great $2 taco. Bring a few beers or get a couple cold ones next door. It's the simple things in life that make you smile the most.
5	DAMN these were some tasty tacos!!!! My buddy and I were extremely hungover while visiting Vegas and we kept on hearing about Tacos El Gordo. So we decided to take a walk to find this gem.and it was well worth it. At $2 a taco its a steal. The pastor and carne asada are bomb.com and I highly suggest checking them out for yourselves. They even have whipped juices in which they taste like a familiar chain drinks orange whipped juice w/ banana..... that is all. Enjoy!!!
5	Been eating at this place since they were only in TJ, Mexico 15+ yrs. Great back in the day ... Still great today. Can't wait until they set up shop in Los Angeles.
1	This place was so disgusting. Im not even a picky eater but my parents and sister got tacos. The meat had a lot of marble and cartilage. I had the carne asada fries and they where cold and soggy from the beginning. No veggies at all, nit my sort of place, sorry.
2	Good tasting food I agree so it deserves better than the worst ratingHere's why I will never go there again:Too crowdedThe place is too small, I ran into several people and there is no room to walk even outside in seating area. We went there at 5:00 so only waited for 1 customer in front of me.No air condition swamp coolers insteadRabid flies especially outsideSeriously smokey from the cookingVery unhealthy, greasy, and the pork was redWhen grabbing a tray to place food on it my hand came in contact with something stickyThere was so much going on in the kitchen I'm not sure what I saw but there was blood. I'm pretty sure on the floor.My girlfriend got sick a couple hrs after eatingI have been to Tijuana 5xs and this place is just as dirtyBut dirty in a bad wayThe health department may send them back
5	Best Tacos in all of Vegas, best flavor you won't be disappointed with the quality of tacos el Gordo. Clean place great food. You must try tacos de al pastor or vampiros de al pastor. Busy place with long lines to get you're tacos but over all a great taco shop better than any other pace in Vegas.
5	Best tacos I've ever had! Al pastor is amazing! Cooks are great! Fast and friendly but I can't say the same for the cashiers. They are not friendly and not helpful but I still eat here anyways cause I usually don't go back to a place if the whole staff isn't friendly but the cooks make up for it. Also the place is very clean. A must if you like street tacos!
4	Delicious food but stupid restaurant organization and layout. There are 4 different lines you have to get in depending on what protein you want. Doesn't make any sense after waiting 15-20 minutes in line just to be limited in what you can or can't get. Frustrating experience!But damn it, the food is bomb. The tacos, quesadilla, and the cam-something fries all hit the spot. I would happily eat here again now that I know how to work this system.
3	Lengua (cow tongue) tacos were so soft and delicious, but I would skip the adobada (spicy pork) because the meat was so tough. It's really interesting inside the place because they have separate lines for everything. I guess it makes sense since they're so popular! But that means that you have to stand in line multiple times if you want different types of tacos/fries. The asada (beef steak) line was the longest (went straight out the door and started going against the side of the building) and the adobada was the shortest. Almost no line for the cashier, though! It does get really crowded in there and there are no designated exit doors, so be careful not to drop the food you waited ~15 minutes for!
3	I loved their Adobada tacos. When you take a bite of the taco the sauces they put on top of the taco makes it that much better. I only gave it a 3 star because there are ALOT, I mean ALOT, of flies. I was trying to swat away the flies as I was eating which made me so annoyed. If there were no flies I woulda gave it 5 star.
5	My favorite spot to hit up after a day at EBC! When you exit the day club, head down the stairs on the right on to the strip and go north (yes, north - away from all the hotels) for a block.  This will be located in a strip mall on your right!Here's how it works: there are different "stations" for different meats.  You stand in line for the meat that you want to order (asada and adobada are at different stations), you order, they make it for you on the spot, and then you take it to the cashier to pay.  I usually order a mix of 3-4 tacos and tostadas.  The fries are tempting but I haven't tried them yet.  The asada tostada is my favorite - I like that the tostada gives it a crunch vs. the corn taco shell.  The adobada is pretty fricking good too, with the cilantro cream sauce and some diced pineapples.  YUM!  I've heard the lengua is good but I have never tried it.BTW, if you don't make it out here in Vegas, the original (?) is in Chula Vista in San Diego.  If you're in the area, it's definitely worth the drive down to almost the border for it!
5	My life will never be the same. Hands down best taco I have ever had. Truely authentic. With our limit Spanish my group and I weren't sure what we were ordering,the beautiful thing....it didn't matter, everything we order was amazing. Fast, friendly, affordable and the best tasting taco ever.
5	This place is pretty bomb. It's exactly the same tacos that you would find if you were living in Guadalajara. I think I spent $14 for 4 tacos and a drink though, so i could be a bit pricey.
1	Really!! Uughhh!! Never again!! So we paid $13 for a taxi to take us to this place because according to yelp reviews these tacos are suppose to be the bomb!! Guess what!! They are crap!! My husband and I had carne asada and Al pastor tacos!! The asada has the fake grilled taste and the Al pastor did not taste like Al pastor it just had the Al Pastor color but no taste!! The tortillas are hand made but the meat that goes on top of the tortillas suck so no point in having hand made tortillas!!  Best thing there is the fountain drink!! I think all the people that say these tacos are good must go when they are drunk!! Because Everyone knows that any tacos taste delicious when your drunk!! So if your sober don't waste your time or your taxi fare!!
5	Let me just tell you... adobada tacos.... BOMB.It's great authentic mexican food. Super yummy. It gets really busy at times but service is super fast. You just stand in front of the line depending on which type if meat you want. I would suggest standing in the adobada line!!! My friends and I always come here late nights. If you want mexican food I would come here!Better than Fausto's and Roberto's. :)5 stars for sure!
3	The logistics of this place are stupid and deserve a 1 star, but the food is 5 stars all the way! My San Diego family has got me hooked on Tacos El Gordo.. I can only get it when I visit them.  You can imagine my surprise and happiness to find they have a location in Vegas! I sure did walk 20 minutes from my hotel in the scorching hot to eat me some adobada and asada tacos. By the time we got there, we were so ready. Then to our dismay, we opened the door to find the line up to the door, almost out the door. Darn! So we got in the line that looked shortest and waited. And waited more. As we got closer, our hearts sank.  We noticed that there were separate lines depending on types of meat.  I wanted asada and adobada, which meant I had to stand in line twice! Then if you want a drink, it's a separate line. Fries? Separate line. LAME! I don't remember San Diego locations being so asinine! So we split up and got into the lines we needed and placed orders for each other. The lines were about 15 minutes each... so I can't imagine 1 person wanting to do the not so unusual act of ordering more than one thing..they'd be there all day! Oh and then there is a separate line to pay.  Basically, don't come here starving, because it'll be awhile before you eat. Not to mention the place is friggin packed, but that's only because it's so good. But let me tell you, when you finally do get to eat, it'll be the best tacos you ever had. You'll probably overeat and not regret it. You'll wonder why you ever thought Taco Bell tacos were actually tacos.  I was definitely on my gordita status that day and it was well worth it.
5	I'm keeping this review short and simple. OMG!!! I just had the best adobado tacos!!! It's kind of good that it's on the strip somewhat from where I live or else I'd be here a lot. I will definitely be coming back.
4	Probably the closest thing to TJ tacos you can find. Definitely try the adobada meat!! Also not a lot of seating so stay away from peak times.
2	lines are too long
1	Had been here many times before and this place HAD become one of my favorite places to eat while in LV. Not anymore. Arrived there and waited in line, ordered adobada tacos. Also ordered a couple lengua and tripas tacos. The taco guy was rushing and did not get my complete order. Once I let him know he lectured me for the next 2 minutes about giving him the complete order the first time (which I DID!) and ordering other types of tacos at the other lines. I agree with the other comments about the layout being horrible. So after being lectured, waited and waited and finally found a table to sit at and eat. AND then, found a long gray hair in my taco. Just great!!! GRRR. Needless to say, I was disgusted after that. Finished my other tacos. A MINUTE had gone by when one of the employees that cleans tables asked if we were done eating because there was other people waiting for a table. NOT A MINUTE had passed since I finished chewing for God's sake!!!!! Who does that???!!! Believe me, I knew people were waiting for a table and no I did plan on sitting there for hours! Just simply bad experience!
5	Recomiendo ampliamente este negocio, riquisimos tacos de carne asada, cabeza, chorizo, nopales azados para los vegetarianos, no olviden probar las mulitas con cualquier carne, tienen cebollitas azadas. la atencion es rapida pero va mucha gente a comer y hay que hacer fila, para cobrar es un poco tardado, un poco compliacada la organizacion porque tiene varias lineas para pedir los tacos, un una pides azada, en otra la comida al pastor, en otra la comida preparada al vapor, pero no te preocupes, llegando con el taquero el te puede pedir algunos taquitos de la otra linea, cuando regrese a Vegas seguro pasare por alli, todos son muy amigables.
3	I didn't get anything to get here because I was recovering from food poisoning. But my BF got the spicy pork tacos and he said they were the best tacos he's ever had. This place is authentic and the long lines and people show that it is really good. He gives 5 stars for that.However, one has to ask whether it's worth the 50+ minute wait. The lines bring down the rating from 5 stars to 3 stars. The queuing system was really confusing. As others have mentioned, there are separate lines for everything. There are six lines, two sets of three lines. The three lines are for pork (abodaba), offal (brains, tongue, stomach, tripe, intestines, etc), and beef (asada, etc). The line didn't actually look that long so it was ridiculous how it took so long. As we got closer, we found out why. It's because there was one guy doing the job of two people. He makes the tacos really fast but he would have to make like at least 5 for each customer. Also, he made like 50+ tacos while we were in line that looked like it was for to-go orders (paper plates wrapped in foil). So the amount of time per person and the amount of extra work the taco maker is doing for people not in line contributes to long wait times. It feels like there has to be a better way for them to do this!
5	Adobado Tacos: Enough said.
5	Yum yum and more yum. Can't go wrong with spicy pork tacos here! Tacos are authentic here. Gets pretty crowded but the lines go pretty quick! Everyone wants to chow down on some tacos after a night of drinking.
3	good tacos - but if you want more than one type of meat, you have to get in two different lines - which is rather silly.  The food was great - watch out if you have an avocado allergy, as they put a thin guacamole sauce on everything - but the taco was great!
4	Went with friends for lunch. Authentic tacos, fast service and very reasonably priced. Good selection, guacamole tasted great. All food is being made as you order it and it is going out the door pretty fast so very fresh. We ate outside under a covered area, however the air conditioner was not working so it was a little uncomfortable.
5	Everything here is really good! Spicy pork tacos are bomb! Must try if you haven't already! You can eat inside and outside too! :)
5	Wow!!! Absolutely LOVED this place!!! Out of all the restaurants we went to in Vegas this was our whole family's favorite. They had a separate line for specific foods, so make sure to pick the line for the food you want. The line for the Adobada tacos was a lot shorter than the line for the Cabeza tacos and moving a lot faster so we ordered Adobada tacos.  Mmmmm. Delicious! So glad we decided to try this little gem in Las Vegas NV! Will be back next time we're in Las Vegas.
5	This place lives up to its reputation.the taste is authentic Mexican food.i usually go to the place in tijuana and it tastes the same.If there are people putting negative reviews out means they aren't Mexican.definitely 5 stars
4	Place is a madhouse. Crazy packed. Got some carne asada tacos and spicy pork tacos to go with carne asada fries. The fries were a pleasant surprise. Tacos are very good. The salsas need a little work. The meat in the tacos have a nice smokey flavor. Came here late at night to avoid crazy lines during the day.
3	The tacos are good.  Not great.  Definitely not worth waiting in an insane line for.  Luckily we went off peak hours.  But they were still so busy that my large order for the group couldn't be filled completely.  They were in such a rush that they handed me over to another cook and the order wasn't transferred fully.  The meat was tender but the tortilla was bland and didn't hold the tacos together at all.  The sauce wasn't special.  Really disappointed about that.  Have eaten at many great taco places in and around Los Angeles.  This place doesn't stand out.  Would eat it again if someone had brought take out but will not stand in line for it.
1	Is this the same taco joint as the beloved Tacos El Gordo in Chula Vista?  The taste and quality of the tacos today sure didn't taste like it!  What a complete disappointment!  I hyped this place up from Day 1 and we all braved the torrential downpour in Vegas and nasty morning hangover so that my friends could finally taste these infamous tacos.  Wow, I'm embarrassed now... They tasted like garbage.  The carne asada tacos were drenched in guacamole and the combination just tasted off.  Oh, and the spicy pork (adobada) tacos were just...different!  I gave the Tacos El Gordo in Chula Vista 5 stars, but this place deserves 1!  One star for the nice lady who handed us a roll of paper towels to dry ourselves because we looked like someone threw a bucket of water on us.
3	The tacos here are ok... not anything like the So-Cal Tacos El Gordo awesomeness. I love the ones in So-Cal, the flavor and taste is consistently bar none. But for some reason the Las Vegas location missed the mark. The flavor was off, meat had a lot of gristle, and some of the tortillas tasted a little stale. Don't get me wrong the tacos here are not terrible, just not anything close to what I've come to expect from Tacos El Gordo. Maybe it was an "off" day.
4	We went on Sept. 4 Thursday evening. It was our first time. A bit confusing with different lines you have to stand in base on what you want. We asked the cashier and she explained it well. You can pay ahead of time or pay after you order and get your food. It's $2 a taco. We got the beef tacos (Carne Asada)- It was okay. Maybe overly cooked, kind of chewy.  Not memorable.  3/5 stars.We also tried the park tacos (Adobada)- mmm... taco heaven. Tender. They refer to it as spicy pork but it's not spicy. The taco tasted amazing. You can have pineapple on the side or on it. Same for the cilantro.  Throw some lime on it and boom ...5/5 stars! We didn't try the other items. We highly recommend the pork tacos. Went back again just for them on Sunday sept7 evening.  The second time we went, they were cooking the pork at both stations and had to wait 10mins. This was around 6:30pm. Both evenings the line up wasn't too long. Negative- Most of the cooks were wearing hats. One was wearing a hair net.  It can get pretty hot and they were working hard. Lots of sweat. With the cook sweating that much on his face, it was not appealing to fear lots of the sweat dropping on to the meat as he was chopping it up.  Our cook wiped the sweat off his face twice when it looked like it was going to drip on to the food. Luckily none did. But a bit hunger killing seeing that. Definitely will be back.
5	Best tacos.  Hard to say anything that hasn't already been said.  I'm just here to backup all the other 5 star reviews and it's mainly for the pork tacos.
3	Overrated coming from someone who spent a lot of time in TJ and was almost born there. Lol. The best tacos were Carne Asada , adobada was close but not as good as tj. I asked for tripe and the tripe was close but not as good. The lengua I ordered I never got that's why I'm knocking down a star. I still recommend it compared to a lot of places in Cali, where I'm from. Solid 3.5 Starz
5	After a 5 hour drive from Los Angeles to Las Vegas my boyfriend and I stopped at Tacos El Gordo for take out dinner back to our hotel. We ordered 14 ADOBADA tacos for both (we were really hungry). The tacos were great. We had them with the green sauce (guacamole?) and pineapple. Will definitely be back on my next trip to Las Vegas.
4	This place has some yummy tacos!! Lines can be long but well worth the wait! I had the al pastor and lengua tacos both were really good! The only bad thing is there isn't to much seating but people come and go quick so you won't be standing for long. If I came back to Vegas this will be my go to place! Beats the over priced and overrated restaurants off the strip any day!
5	The best street style tacos I have ever had. Holy crap was this delicious! Very very busy, be careful what line you get in as they sometimes only let you order what's on the sign. We had taco de lengue and al pastor. (spit roasted on a rotisserie with whole pineapple in the center with the pork cuts cooking around it. Wanted to try more but it was late and they were crowded plus I was stuffed! Unless you are headed to Tijuana you won't get it this good or fresh anywhere. Don't miss this!
5	Fantastico!If you are eating outside watch out for security. With I would have ordered more. Mexicano Mexicano :-)
2	Horrible Service and long lines for them to tell you that you're in the wrong line for the type of meat you want. They need to figure out a way to accommodate all type of meats in one line! The best meat they have is the Pork Adobada. Try to avoid during the day because it's just too hot and people tend to get rude in hot weather.
5	This place never disappoints. Ive had just about everything on the menu. But my favorite. Are the carne asada fries. Awesomeness in a box lol. The line is always a little long but hey when the food is that good. Thats expected. Order kick back and enjoy :)
3	It's a taco stand so don't freak about the. 3 stars. Have to hit it up when in Las Vegas I am sure it is safer than their Tijuana location... They have El Pastor and lengua as well  regular tacos and you can by beer at the liquor store next to the place.
1	Our first experience here was awful.  Did not even get to try their tacos.  The place was just too chaotic and disorganized.  The place was packed with wall to wall people.  There were lines everywhere.  We stood in one of the lines for about 10 minutes.  The lines were going nowhere.  In fact, some of the lines were getting backed up because folks were letting others cut in front of them.  Very uncool!!They should have a system in place to bring order to the madness whenever the place gets so freakin crowded!!  I enjoyed watching the disorganization for awhile, but after 10 minutes I had enough.  So we joined other people and simply left.Would return based on their impressive Yelp rating and number of reviews.I will just wait for a time when they are less chaotic.  Til then, just 1 star baby.
4	Definite must try! , so tasty, so fresh, so cheapppp!!Fast, made to order and just packed with authentic flavors! Try one of each honestly and the roasted peppers!The drinks are Delish!
5	This is only my 2nd review ever but I have to write about Taco's El Gordo. With the exception of going to TJ (I go to TJ at least 4 times a year) these are the best Taco's I have ever tasted and I go to a lot of Taco joints. Going to Vegas means going to Taco's El Gordo. What you need to get out of all the posts are that the Adobada sometimes also called Al Pastor (Pork - Not spicy at all even though they say it is) is perfection in a corn tortilla. Let me be clear I am not a fan of pork and I don't make a habit of eating it but the things this place does..... when it hits the lips. What makes this epic is the Guacamole Sauce that they put in it. Everyone I take has always loved it. For those daring enough to handle the wait you will always agree.... worth the wait. Oh and can't miss my shout out for the Asada Fries, think Nachos but with fries instead of tortilla chips.
5	We went on a Wednesday afternoon on Mexican Independence Day. It was not busy and the service seemed fast. You order and get your food before you pay. Seating inside is limited but people don't linger so it's easy to get a seat. The food was awesome. I tried four different tacos and all were very good. The best tacos I have had. I can't wait to eat here again.
5	All I can say is... we're in Mexico. Authentic cheap fresh street style tacos! Lengua all day! They even hand make their tortillas right then n there. Can't get any better than that my fellow yelpers!
5	Most amazing street tacos - adobado, get the peppers...make sure you get the roasted pineapple on top.
1	Casi una hora esperando en la linia los cosineros con su carota exepto 1 deveriande tener un manager de verdad no chafas  como los que estan ahi
5	Quite simply, the best authentic tacos in Vegas. Be sure to try them "with everything" - house made guac, cilantro, and grilled veggies. The flan they sell by the register isn't bad, either! This place is ideal for grab 'n' go; I'm a fan of ordering a dozen tacos and bringing them home to share with my roommates.
4	Bomb off the strip taco stand. This place is aleays crowded.
5	Best tacos in town! only problem are the long lines and that each line is only assigned to an specific meat, ex. If you want carne asada you have to stand in the carne asada line, you can't order any other meat than asada in that line.
1	I'm so surprised this place has 4.5 stars because these tacos are probably one of the worst tacos I've ever tasted. The wait was ridiculously long, the service was horrible (super rude waitresses), and the food was ridiculously salty. The quesadillas are double the price but they're really just tacos with a chip on the top. Do not recommend. Super disappointed :( But the lollipops were on point. One star.
1	After eating at this place, I can safely say I am lesser of a man than I was before and I will never be the man I was meant to be. The bad service made me question my value in life and for a brief moment I felt as if I was an utterly useless piece of shit. Tomorrow I will wake up to the sun and feel no warmth. P.s. don't order the quesadilla. Its a taco with a piece of chip on top. I can take a shit and put a chip on top and call it a burrito and it would be the top order on the menu
5	If you happen to be walking drunk (or sober) around the strip , you need to visit Tacos El Gordo.  I made my first trip over here when staying at The Encore a few years ago, and now make an effort to visit whenever I can.  These are legit street tacos, at a very affordable price (especially compared to the other crap you'll get on the Strip).  Make sure to try the different type of rotisserie style meats, and grab a good amount of salsa and limes.  You'll wanna pass out after this.Also, be prepared for the lines.  That's the only downfall.
5	I loved the atmosphere and the great customer service. We had tacos asada and whipped fruit drinks. The tacos were delicious.  Fresh tomatoes,  onions, avocados,  salsa and meat seasoned to perfection. We went in and had to ask for help placing an order.  Slightly confusing at first. There were 5 ordering stations. Each station had a cook preparing your food to order. The drinks are unlimited and tasty. The whipped drinks were tasty.The seating is outside under a covered canopy. There were two attendants under the canopy.
5	Believe the hype!!!! Meat is so juicy the green sauce get EXTRA of that bomb!  the spicy pork is so good I've tried taco y taco & some were saying it's pretty much the same NO! It sure isn't el Gordo is thee best from taste, favor && hey it ain't open late for no reason. I live in Cali & the husband I go to gardena it's called the " taco truck" & we love that place we believe el Gordo tops that place. So try it real good !
5	Arguably our best meal in Vegas, certainly the most authentic. Value for food .. Tacos El Gordo takes it again. We ate some 5 star meals at some expensive casino restaurants. But all week my wife and I talked about how great their $2 tacos were. I goto Vegas fairly often, and this will now be a must visit for me each time.
5	Came here twice, BEST TACO EVER! Taco will never taste the same again....(lol, extreme but true, unless you have another location you can recommend in LA. I'm all ears) boyfriend and I are still seaeching for a replacement we can enjoy in LA.
5	Honestly, it was my first time coming to Tacos El Gordo and when I walked inside I got overwhelmed quick. The lines were so long until I realized that the way the ordering system was set up is brilliant. They separate the lines by the type of meat you want on your tacos. Perfect! I didn't want asada tacos which was the longest line. I wanted to have the lengua (cow tongue) tacos I just had to have them. I was saved from one of the employees who was super friendly to go to the other line were they also have lengua tacos. The wait was worth it! The meat was fresh and served when you order it just how you want it. It's a simple place that gets it and I like that. When you are done ordering you head over to the cashier and you pay there for your food and drink (if you get one). I loved that they had the lime and radish for you to get as much as you wanted. The tacos are priced at $2 a taco and I found it to be a good deal. Will I go back? Most definitely its a must!
4	This place is very good. But also very crowded especially late at night after the clubs start to clear. I ordered the adobada tacos which was their version of all pastor. It was very tasty and filled with meat. A pretty good deal for two bucks per taco. I didn't have a chance to try any of their other meats because of the way their lines are set up but I don't know if I need to get anything other than the adobada. Not the best tacos ever but they are very very good.
5	Love the freshly grilled and seasoned meats.  Adobada and asada are excellent - especially with the creamy green sauce!! Tiny tacos pack a punch of flavor.
5	Awesome tacos and asada fries very friendly people very good price considering its on the strip will come back for more every time I visit!!!
5	Best food on the strip
4	Best tacos in Vegas.  I've visited this place in Mexico and San Diego (it's a small chain), and this place is just as good.  The al pastor is their best.  The buche is too wet for my liking.  Make sure they have handmade tortillas or it's not the same.  The tacos are small and expensive, as I can eat 5-6.  With drink, that'll come out to around $15.  Get a plate of free scallions and jalapenos, you just need to ask.  Very confusing ordering process for a first timer, as there are separate lines for the al pastor and other meats.  This location is very busy which ensures a quick turnover of their food, keeping things fresh and safe.The quality of the food qualifies for a 5 rating, but factoring in the price nets this place a 4.
1	Way too salty! Coulda been the meat or salsa..Was expecting better from all these reviews...
4	Excellent food. Fast service. Nice help. Limited menu. No chicken. My wife & I happened upon this simple fast paced authentic mexican restaurant while on vay-kay in Vegas last week.  The chef was helpful, friendly and made us a quick variety of food. Very casual. Muy delicioso!
5	My favorite tacos ever are here. If I could only one thing for the rest of my life it would be the Pastor from Tacos El Gordo. I especially love the Pastor fries.
4	Taco. Taco. Taco. Taco. Taco. Taco. Taco. Taco. Taco. Taco. Taco. Taco. Taco. Taco. Taco. I think I ate that many. I cannot recall how we ended up here after an evening of (redacted)...nothing much.Stood in a line with a bunch of loud drunks. Our group split up to get a variety of eats from the different stations. 4th meal fun.
1	First time here on my lunch break.... Poor customer service for Non Spanish speaking or reading customers. When asking the cashier information as to how to order she was very rude, "The lines are according to the type of meat you want! Can't you read it!?!" If I could I wouldn't be asking....
4	This place is POPPIN' even more than the day clubs and night clubs in Vegas. If you're a foodie and you've been to Vegas more than once but have not yet stopped into this spot for some super duper authentic Mexican tacos, SHAME ON YOU.I love that the tacos are still priced pretty decently even in this craycray economy we're in ($2 a taco).They also have quesadillas, burritos, tostadas, etc. I've had the Carne Asada, Chicken and of course the Lengua tacos here. BOMB.The salsas they use and offer are also BOMB.Like I said, this place is always POPPIN'. So don't be alarmed if you're walking into a mosh pit full of hungry or hungover Vegas visitors and/or locals.
4	I had Tacos El Gordo in San Diego awhile back and wanted to try out the Las Vegas location. The food here was pretty good! We ordered way too much - carne asada tacos, adobada tacos, carne asada fries, and adobada fries. I liked the adobada tacos the best. The adobada was much better than the carne asada. The fries were just average as well. It was mostly smothered in cheese, sour cream, and avocado sauce. Lines were long but moved quickly. They have separate lines for different meats and items so you have to stand in multiple lines if you want to order various things. You can ask for grilled onions and peppers on the side.
5	Hands down the best Mexican anything I have ever put it my mouth! Don't be intimidated by the line just shut up stand there and wait for it!
3	Tacos are delicious! Very small and VERY unhealthy, but very good! The asada fries are meh, they're alright, not the best. I got one with everything on it and after eating for a while I couldn't eat anymore because the sauce was so strong. I came back a second time at 2:45am to eat two tacos and there was a lady at the door that told us that they were closed. We just said alright and started walking. Another group approached her after us and im not sure what they said but she let all of them in! And it was a huge group. We went back to ask her why she would let them in and not the two of us and she just laughed at us. Rude much? For the record, they close at 3am, so im not sure why she was so rude to us.
5	Make sure you're in the right line when ordering because the people behind you will be pissed! Lol! The tacos here are delish!!! OMG. I usually go to the Charleston location because there's more parking but this location is awesome !!!!
5	Is it weird that my favorite taqueria is in Las Vegas?  This place is awesome, and when I say awesome I mean life changingly awesome.  The meats here are delicious and watching the cooks work their stations here is nothing short of impressive.  They are so freakin' fast! The food is really why you are here, and it doesn't disappoint.The lengua is tasty, moist, and super tender. The al pastor is well seasoned and not too dry. The cabeza is delicious as well, give it a try. The carne asada is really where it's at though. Unlike most taquerias, they actually grill the carne asada here. It has char!  It's not just steak on a hot top here.  It makes a huge difference.  Want to kick up the carne asada? Get the carne asada fries.  The fries are crisp and are the perfect complement to the savory goodness of the carne asada. Don't forget the real guacamole on top as well!Oh yeah, did I mention the sauces? I have no idea what a lot of them are, but man, do they make the meats sing!!!  Everything is good here, even the marinated veggies that come on the side of the plate.  I am glad that this place is so far away from home, because if it wasn't, I'd have to buy bigger clothes!
4	It's a taco joint alright. At 230 am there was a line out the door. we tried the pastor and Diablo and they were great. I have heard about this place for a minute and can't believe I haven't been here sooner. great for any time of the day for a quick bite. if you are coming for service and plated food you will be disappointed.  but if you are coming for good mexican food and an experience you are at the right spot! highly recommended....
3	4:00 am tacos? checkTacos el Gordo definitely has the right idea about tacos. Unfortunately, having had some great tacos in LA and south of the border, I can say they aren't quite top tier. That being said, they are one of the best taquerias in Las Vegas. I would come back, but if a King Taco ever opens in the city, there would be no contest. Pros:-Good price, open late-Lengua and cabeza held their own; both were cooked well, moist, and flavorful, if a bit under-spiced-Their red sauce/salsa was great-"insert meat choice" friesCons-The adobada, which they are apparently known for, was chewy, dry, and pretty lacking in any flavor whatsoever (resembling styrofoam perhaps)-The ordering situation is, well, a situation. Be prepared to wait three times as long if you happen to want meets from three different stations.
4	Thanks to my fellow tellers and my love for tacos, I had to come here! I came during the luck hour so it wasn't so busy. However I still became a little confused about te ordering window for what meat you want. I was going by the menu and not by the tiny little clear sign under the menu that reads what kind of meat that person is making. I love how they had two sides to place making it easier and faster to order.I got the carne asada tacos with everything. I loves them. Reminded me of the tacos I use to eat in TJ. My bf on the other hand didn't care for them. He felt they were bland. I will agree that the meat was bland but who needs seasoning when you have salsa?!I wish they had more locations so I wouldn't have to travel to the strip just for some great tacos. I will be coming back for more!
3	So after THREE freakin times trying here, we finally on the 4th time just said lets do it. We came at 0330 one time.. Line out the door. We came at 1100 on a Sunday morning, line out the door. We came a 3rd time... Guess where the line was... Yup. This 4th time we were like dude, I hate lines and am so starving but omg this place must be amazing if it's getting this kinda business, right? Right. I can't promise you'll love it. So I can't promise it's worth the wait of the long lines. It's definitely authentic. The cooks/preparers are very kind and efficient. Friendly. Nobody starting sh*t or acting crazy. Living in El Paso, I CAN say I've had better... However I CANNOT say I've had better in Las Vegas. Cheap, on the strip, good "drunk food". Tacos (for a dude my size) are smaller so order a few. My Japanese wife, who barely clocks in at 100lbs, ate 4. It was tough of course but she still finished all 4. So you see what I mean... Big dude with big appetite? Get about 6... Not kidding. Everyone seemed to love it. Didn't see any sour faves or disappointed kids etc... I mean it is what it is. Locally it's obviously the dope biz... I guess I'm immune to it because of where I live, which is basically Ciudad Juarez lol...of course it's El Paso Texas, but you wouldn't know that from the license plates you see. But I'm cool with it, border towns got the bomb food! Go to Tacos El Gordo... Get a few, try it out. Won't break the bank. Worth it. I say 3 stars, but Let the long lines and overall rating on yelp guide you.
4	This place is awesome. Come early or be prepared to wait in line. A little unorganized and parking is crazy in the mini mall lot but overall this place is recommended when you're in Las Vegas and are craving authentic tacos.
5	i am a 23 latino man who has had tacos all his life. i can honestly say that these tacos are on of my top three all time best. there is always a giant line for a reason. you can see a sence of pride in the food these guys make. i dont like the fact that there is never any seats and that the lines are way too long but the tacos are so great that i must give this play a perfect rating.
5	Went here with my old lady, it was pretty amazing. The tortilla was good2 carne asada tacos1 shoulder taco1 tongue taco1 carne asada tostada- this was the worst one- I would pass on it1- orange whip drink$13It was all good, they didn't have salsa and jalapenosThis is where you meet ghetto and club goers milleniums
4	I have been meaning to go to Tacos El Gordo for quite some time now. I have seen in other reviews that the lines are long, but worth the wait.I went on a Tuesday at 2:00PM for lunch.I walked in and there was only 2 other people in front of us in line.... Yay!I got the adobada tacos and asada tacos with everything.They were really good!!! The adobada were my favorite!!!I will definitely be back.!!!
1	Went here with the wife from a lot of people talking about it and was highly disappointed we got carne asada fries and some spicy pork tacos, the tacos were decent at best but the carne asada was the worst tasting ever it tasted like it was blasted with gas or something I cant place it but theres no way it could always taste like that and have such good reviews absolutely horrible we will never be back
4	I don't think I've ever gone to a place for Dinner, went to do other stuff and then come back to the same place for Second Dinner. That's how good these tacos are.  We had abodaba, tongue, and shoulder (over the course of our two visits) all with everything.  The adodaba comes with pineapple and somehow that makes it even better!  The line was longer at 9pm, but it still moved rather quickly.  Do note there are several  lines each making a couple kinds of tacos, not just one line and you can get fries at any of those. Super delicious.  Totally affordable. Can't wait to go back.
4	If you're planning a trip to Vegas, take note: this place will feed you when you've lost all your money to gambling, overpriced meals and club entry. And they will feed you well. I think we went 3 times during our 5 day stay. Just so darn good. Very authentic. And most importantly for Vegas, dirt cheap.
3	Alright alright - who's this hater giving Tacos El Gordo 3 stars? I mean, it averages 4.5 stars over 1100 reviews - so who's this guy giving it 3?Yes - it is a cheap eat in Vegas.Yes - there are great tacos here.Yes - there is quite an assortment of meats here.Yes - they're pretty quickYes - everyone and their moms eat here because of everything that everybody raves about.But.. I just didn't think it was THAT great. My wife loved it - in fact, we ate here twice during the 2-day stay we had in Vegas. I guess I've just been spoiled with the availability of great tacos at a cheaper price in LA, that I didn't see what the hoopla of Tacos El Gordo is/was.It's a solid option, especially if you're up drinking, partying, clubbing, or doing whatever else Vegas has to offer, and it's late, and you want something to eat. They're great at what they do, I just didn't think it was as amazing as it was overhyped to be.I got the buche, the cabeza, and the lengua tacos. Each taco had a lot of meat. The lady had an asada vampiro. She was satisfied with her choice. She did make the remark that everything about Tacos el Gordo was legitimately Mexican i.e. the layout, staff, products, and even the patrons [all walks of life] - just that the price wasn't quite Mexican, meaning, you're paying more for the same product. I guess the price was the biggest turn off for me, since there are $1 taco places near my childhood home that offer the same quality goodness that is a taco.Was it good? Yes. Great? Mmmmm.....
5	Best Tacos in Vegas!! I love this place! I haven't been back to Robertos since I discovered El Gordo! The spicy pork tacos are theeeee best...seriously!! Everything is made fresh right in front of you and the lines are always crazy. Its well worth the wait!!
5	The best place for carne asada tacos, they have many choices. Worth the wait in line. The employees are friendly.  Order in line and pay in a different makes it quicker.
5	The most bang for your buck!! I love that the tacos are only a dollar each, I payed 8$ for a meal that filled me up more than I thought it would. They don't short you on the meat either. The staff is also friendly and very Mexican lol or should I say "authentic." The only complaint of mine would be that its hot as ballz inside there but that's what adds to the authentic experience.
5	Talk about Tacos!!! Welcome to the mother land, nothing like a Mexican subway!! Love their tacos, everything is cooked to perfection; one of my favorite taco places in Vegas!! It's a little crowded but hey more people too mingle with, enjoy.
5	Best drunk food ever. I always make a stop over here when I visit Vegas. Lines can get out of hand at times but it's worth the wait. Seating is a bitch though. I always get the vampiro, 4 al pastor tacos and the fries. You can't go wrong with that.
5	Tacos a fantastic. Specially the Al Pastor.  If you want authentic Tijuana tacos without  the TJ thrill, this is the place to go.    Place is very clean and all employees are very friendly.
3	so good and worth it just gets a little full but for the most part its speedy although crowded it was better and cheaper than hotel food and close enough to walk
5	Love this place. Whenever I go to Vegas, I'm prepped to drop a couple hundo at whatever, no expenses are spared when it comes to fun. But this shining jewel on the strip is where I can get a great meal at a fantastic price.Tacos are $2 or $3 each! Tons of meat choices: carne asada, chicken, lengua, shoulder, etc. They make them right in front of you so it's nice and hot. There are canopies outside for you to sit which are a godsend considering you're in the middle of the desert and it gets toasty. This place is a bit far from the Cosmo, Caesar's, and the like. Closer to Circus Circus but if you're itching to save some bucks on your food, then there's no better place.
5	Awesome food quick service. Quality is great I would come back if in vegas. I hope they open some in LA. 4 tacos hit the spot and the Asad fries loook awesome
5	aw man, this is a far, sketchy walk from the quad at 2:30am but worth it!i kept going back up for more and more spicy adobada tacos- they were so freaking good.  i thought that the asada meat was a little dry but delightful nonetheless.this is not gastronomie, it's street food at it's finest and probably the most authentic taco experience i've ever had.
4	Tacos are fantastic but you may have to wait up to an hour! This place is right on my way home from work and I often stop here to get food to take home. The price is right but sometimes the wait is verrrryyyy long... The people who work there are always super friendly and it doesn't get more authentic than this. I would try to go there when it's not too busy but the asada and abodaba are FANTASTIC!
5	The walk from TI to Tacos El Gordo just beyond the Wynn was quite a trek (in my book) but to have these delicious tacos waiting for me at the very end was all worth it.Upon entering, you grab a red tray and follow the signs to what kind of tacos you want to try. I got the lengua (beef tongue), carne asada, and al pastor--this is probably the same order in which I liked the tacos (from most to least). Each taco is about $2 so you can get by with a cheap Vegas meal. Love the fact that you see the meat being cooked right in front of your eyes. The tortillas are super tasty and you can tell they are made with care.Yep, it's not quite upscale dining if you're into that for a Vegas experience but you came for the food right?
1	Vile. You steered me wrong, Yelp.  El Taco Gordo is disgusting.  You show up and there's a giant flat-top griddle.  You have to go to a different station for each meat you order.  (Annoying.)My asada ("steak," in theory) tasted like little gristly chicklets of shoe leather.  I spent the rest of my night cradling my stomach in agony.   AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
5	This place is by far one of the best late night places to go. Their food is authentic and delicious. They have different lines for different meats and everything is made to order so you know that your food is fresh. I got carne Asada fries (it comes in two different sizes: small $5 and $10 for large) carne Asada tacos, and lengua tacos. The tacos were topped with a generous amount of guacamole which is always a plus for me. After ordering and receiving your food you go to the cashier to pay. It does get very crowded however the wait is not too bad. The only con would be that it is located a little far down the strip, but the food is very well worth it.
5	As someone who's traveled through Mexico, I can say without a doubt that these are authentic Adobada tacos.. Everytime I come to Vegas, I make sure I visit this spot. You will not be disappointed. Amazing!
4	If you can't go to Mexico for tacos, then this place can fill the gap for a little while- closest to the flavor needed (except for the al pastor.... there is NO real tacos al pastor so far....) plus most of the types of tacos you need: carne asada, carnitas, buche, tripitas.... good place, how about another location in downtown Summelin?
5	Across the street from the Encore- easy walk- authentic food. Try a little of everything. Winner.
5	Yummy tacos. Open late. People I ate there with last night are still raving about how good their food was. Have a variety of different meat to choose from
5	I've come back every day of my stay to eat these tacos. The food here is outstanding. They make the corn tortillas fresh before your eyes, with delectable salsas and fillings (around six or eight types to choose from---the spicy pork is the one I keep coming back to). They have mounds of radish and lime on the side, and they also serve really good grilled peppers. Plus, the people who work here are nice; they have to work like demons to keep up with demand, but they still manage to treat their customers with a lot of kindness. I love this place! Stop reading Yelp reviews and go here!
5	Blown away ! Best ive had outside of Mexico. Old school all the way around. All sorts of options but the steak and spicy pork win my vote for tasty over load. At $2 a taco and super quick service you really cant go wrong. Sit outside and enjoy the sunshine off Las Vegas Blvd. 5 star Ill be back (few times)
5	These are the best tacos I've ever had.  You must try the spicy pork tacos!  The Asada fries are great too but if you order them the half portion is more than enough for two.  The full portion could probably feed a few Poeple.The spicy pork fries are great as well.The line can get long especially around 1am but it's a great late night meal after a night of gambling!
4	GOOD inexpensive tacos. They have three separate ordering lines dependent of the type of meat you are ordering. Large seating area, kept clean. We all enjoyed our tacos, we had carne, beef, pork and spicy pork along with the carne asada fries. We all devoured each bite! I would recommend this place if you are looking for some good tasty not overly priced tacos. The staff all had a smile on their faces and seemed to enjoyed what they are all doing. The Tacos are made right in front of you.
5	My favorite place to get Mexican food. Love that it's open late! Though the lines are sometimes super long I feel that it's worth it! I always get a lengua taco, asada taco, and an asada sopes when I go there and it is delicious! I love the cheese they use as well!
5	Awesome and delicious $2 tacos. Blown away by the juiciness and flavors. Try their Beef tongue tostada and you will be in heaven!!! It's that good. They also have an all you can eat radish station :) pretty cool to munch on them to clear your palette in between tacos or just for a good old crunch... PS we paid more money for a cab to get there that for the actual food... But so worth it. So happy we tried it. Definitely coming there again.
5	Wow. just wow. I thought I expected some sort of king tacos but totally different. taste just awesome. This place will be on my favorite list in Las Vegas.      .   ...
5	This is a crazy good "street taco" place. $2 at taco! The is the deal of the strip!I love it SO MUCH! It reminds me of when I have visited Tijuana, then I found out that is where the original one is! YES - so happy!Don't be put off by this place, it looks dumpy. Trust me, the food is super tasty.The Adobada tacos are my fave! It is spicy pork cooked "gyro style" shaved off one taco at a time! Was also introduced to a "Mulas" taco here. Which is basically a melted cheese, meat of your choice taco sandwich - OMG SO GOOD!Tacos El Gordo makes me one happy GRINGO!
5	best carne asada fries!!!!! we have to stop here every trip to vegas tons of meat and cheese and not pricey for the amount easily enough for two ppl with leftovers and they let u take beer inside
5	al pastor and lengue tacos really really good! hombres behind counter made  a good show of knife skills and a littlle showmanship on plating. clean tables and friendly staff. pretty authhentic for a chain.
4	I work next door at the Wynn/Encore, so Im at this place often. A top 5 place in town hands down...maybe higher for Mexican food. Believe the hype and visit this place. They are famous for their adobada ( spicy pork....not very spicy), but its delish nonetheless. Their adobada or carne asada fries are great an their tacos are authentic. Place gets very busy and dirty. So dont expect your meal to be perfect. Sometimes your tacos will be thrown together too fast and be below what they might be on other visits.
5	Kick ass tacos, open late into the night, and cheap.  This place is doing it right!We walked our way over here on our first night in Vegas, around 2 AM.  They'e located towards the end of the strip, past Treasure Island.  The place was packed and right away we noticed the delicious smells wafting over from all the different meat stations.  There's about half a dozen different meat stations, which you line up at and order, then you pay at the register.The Adobada (Spicy Pork) was so good that as soon as I finished, I lined up  and ordered some more.  At the Adobada station, you'll see stacks and stacks of marinated spicy pork roastin on a spit, with a pineapple at the top.  The pork is shaved off the spit to order My next favorite was the Suadero (Beef Shoulder), which you'll find at the station with the big pot of beef stewing away.  This results in fall apart tender chunks of beef, packed with flavor.You have to eat at Tacos El Gordo when you're in Vegas.  I'll for sure be there the next time i'm in town!
1	If I could give this place zero stars, I would. The ordering process is horrible. I waited in line for an hour to get our tacos, on a slower night! The meat tastes like charcoal. The place is filled with smoke because they have no ventilation system. The guacamole tasted like nothing! I love runny guacamole but this one had no salt, no flavor, it was bad. I wish there was a taqueria like the ones in Mexicali, where I'm from, which is what I was expecting. Don't believe the hype! This is not as good as the original.
5	Omg!!!! This place reminds so much of Mexico. The food is sooooo bomb. They never let you down.
5	OMG!!! By far the most authentic and delicious Mexican street tacos I've ever had in the US. My husband and I we're in Vegas visiting for the weekend and came across this taco parlor one night. They have every possible kind of meat you can think of: asada, chorizo, adobada, tripas, suadero, buche, lengua, cabeza and more! If you ever find yourself in Vegas, you HAVE TO check this place out!
5	Located in a sketchy place a little north of the Wynn, these authentic tacos are satisfying whether it's lunch, dinner, or after the club at 4am. We came on a Sunday afternoon, and the place was literally packed with Spanish speakers so that's always a very promising sign. Due to the crowds, it can be confusing as to how to place your order. But there are different lines for each type of meat. (Adobada- spicy pork was in a line by itself all the way on the left). Have a friend stand in each line and order in bunches.As a group, we got carne asada fries, adobada, chorizo, and asada tacos. I think the asada was just ok on the tacos and the fries, and next time definitely get the adobada tacos. The spicy pork has so much flavor and the right amount of heat and watching them slice off each piece gave the reassurance of its quality. Chorizo also had a ton of flavor. I would definitely place Chorizo and Adobada above Asada.Also, they had this fountain drink that was some whipped Orange Cream soda that was delicious. Nuff said, tacos don't get any better than this.
5	Orale!!! I went from Las Vegas to TJ real quick!  This is a definite must when in Vegas. We are huge taco foodies and are always looking for the next taco place to keep visiting and this has made the list. Authentic Tijuana-taste in the carne Asada tacos as well as the adobada. If you close your eyes and taste that smoky carne asada... You will be transcended to blvd. la revolucion. When ordering: -find a tray or you'll end up carrying your food -stand in the correct line (separated by meat type)-be patient as the tortillas are being made in front of you and the lines can be lengthy after hours -though not mentioned flour tortillas are an option and I strongly suggest you try them!-do tip the taqueros if possible, as they are quick and efficient and can digest multiple orders as given; we had an order of 20 tacos all prepared differently and they completed them with effectiveness and a smile!
5	My husband and I came hereon the first night here in Las Vegas from San Diego! The service was amazing, the food was delicious and the customer service was great!We ordered Campechana fries and two adobada tacos and our bill was $9.79! The fries were loaded with cheese, guacamole and sour cream! My husband and I even asked the cook for extra onions and salsa! We loved the fact that he was really nice and didn't give us any negative feedback because of our requests! His name is Mauro and we loved him (: we definitely come here again! Excellent food and excellent service
4	Tacos not as big as presumed. But the tortillas are amazingly fresh and they are packed with filling and toppings. Disappointed they didn't have a pollo taco. But asada good.
5	This place is so amazing, and totally worth the long walk from the busier part of Las Vegas Boulevard. Even in the middle of July! I feel it's best to come here with at least one or two buddies. One, because there are multiple lines that you'll have to stand in if you want different meats. So if you want three tacos with three different meats that are in different lines, just bring two buddies! You can each order everything everyone wants and get it all hot at the same time. I highly - HIGHLY - recommend the cabeza tacos. The head meat is SO tender and flavorful, that putting it simply on a taco is the way to go. An absolute must here are the loaded fries. We got them with adobada, but the fries are so perfectly cooked and LOADED with cheese, guac, and everything you would ever want to put in your mouth, that you could top it with mothballs and it would still taste good. My bffski and I went here and completely gorged with tacos, sopes, horchatas, and a full order of fries for only $20. I was also so pleasantly surprised by the large outdoor seating area. It has a roof, so you're not burning in the desert sun. Perfection.  If you asked me to, I would probably fly into Las Vegas just to come back here. Maybe I need to rearrange my priorities?
4	This place is crazy packed every time I go. The last time I went was on thanksgiving day but I'm already planning another trip to vegas just for some more tacos. Fat much..? Its just so gooood! Don't judge me (: 4 stars because of the long, messy, unorganized lines. Keep in mind that there are signs indicating what you could order from the line you stand in. For example if you want asada you have to stand in that line, if you want al pastor go to that line and so on.
5	Awesome place to go if you want some good affordable food. It's kind of confusing as to how to order, since the place was completely packed. But basically, there are different lines for different types of meats. It's probably easiest to get friends to stand in each line to get different types of tacos.I got the carne asada fries ($5 for small portion, $10 for large portion) for which there was no line at all (it's off to the side). I was craving fries hahaha. The rest of my friends got different types of tacos. For the fries themselves were alright, but the toppings were amazing. I would definitely try the fries with adobada (spicy pork) the next time I go and grab a few tacos.
5	Best tacos I have tasted. The pork tacos are the best. It is so yummy that I want to go back just for these tacos. The best part, cheapest mean I had the whole time I was in Las Vegas. Amazing!!!
5	I hope they make a chain in every single city in the states. That's allWe went here for lunch on a Sunday before driving home. It was packed and was confusing at first how to order. There are different lines for different meats you want, so make sure to look at the lines and plan accordingly. It really helps if you have a friend with you to have the friend wait in another line. After you get amazing tacos with variety of meat, you go to the counter to pay.I highly recommend Adobada, Carne Asada, and Chorizo. They are amazing tacos for very cheap that every taco-lovers should try
5	Best $#*&ing tacos!  Get the Al Pastor/Adobado. Get more than you think you'll want because you'll want more.
5	Greatest Tacos Ever! Heard it's has closed down at the strip location....sooooo bummed!!!!!!!!!
4	This is where I fell in love with authentic tacos and the fries are heavenly. If you are visiting Vegas this is a great place to eat but be ready for a line. It was around 2 in the morning Vegas time and my husband and I had to wait an hour in line to get to our food. It was nice getting to know people in the process. Lots of locals. Total Dive. Get the tacos and the fries. The prices are phenomenal as well. Highly recommend.
5	Bomb tacos!  Just like TJ tacos!  My favorite were the tripa and al pastor!  Must try if your in vegas!
5	Went to Vegas Thursday 4 December, parked the car and went straight to Tacos El Gordon on the strip and it was closed....we didn't see a sign about remodeling....anyone know what's going on????  Thankfully we live 3 miles from their Chula Vista location but we were really looking forward to our favorite tacos (adobado) while on our mini vacation.
4	Actually I've been here 3 times already, and each time I've gone I've never been dissatisfied with the selection of the food items. Not much of a selection, but just all the favorites. Served fast and healthy portioned. Great eats for less.
4	Giving 4 stars because we've really enjoyed the tacos in the past. We just went to El Gordon and the restaurant is closed and gutted. Not sure what happened. Hopefully just closed for a temporary remodel.
1	This place is out of business. When we come to vegas we like to eat here. So we stopped. And saw they were no longer in business
5	this location is now closed =(
4	--------------------------------------------------IMPORTANT NOTICE:--------------------------------------------------THIS LOCATION HAS CLOSED DOWN. I just walked over an hour ago hoping to get an adobada (spicy pork with pineapple) taco, but l left empty-handed.Go to the one in Downtown if you still wanna go!
4	This place was my go to place when I went to vegas! Probably the most legit Mexican tacos I've ever had! Their soft taco shells are made perfectly. I love the concept of having some sides to add on (they had turnips, lime, etc). I had beef, chicken, and I even tried the beef tongue and they were all delicious! This is the best taco place I've ever had and you know they are legit when the actual workers are Mexican! I love how the meat is in front of you when you order and they cut it in front of you. They make their own  taco shells and their meat are always freshly cooked.Very impressed with the food. And the servers are great and fast. This is a self serve place so you go out to the patio and eat it outside. You also clean up after yourself. Perfect for quick snacks at late hours (definitely a go to place after night of drunkenness and clubbing).
4	Tacos El Gordo is the only authentic Mexican food shop I would recommend in Vegas. The lines may be ridiculously long and all of the seating may be outdoors, but the food is worth it. The meat is sliced right in front of you and you can get all the extras (like pineapple) for free.Each line is for a different type of meat. Make sure to read the signs! I hate being in restaurants where I don't understand the menu/how to order/what to order. Tacos El Gordo is exactly that, so bring a friend that knows what they're doing! The tacos are small-- 10 tacos for a guy is a good start.
5	Not at old location on the strip.  Now about 3 miles away on Charleston, towards downtown. This one more crowded than the first"
5	We loved the tacos..ate at 2am and the place was still crowded...worth the wait..
5	Living in Arizona for several years, I have been to a fair amount of taco shops. But I have never been to one like this. The moment my boyfriend and I walked in the door we knew we were in for something unique.We open the door and the first thing to hit us is the smoke. Immediately following was the smell. When you walk inside it's like you are walking into the grill itself. If they have a ventilation system you'd never know it. So be prepared, you will smell like meat when you leave.The first thing you need to figure out is which line to stand in. If you want more than one kind of taco be prepared to stand in two lines because you can't stand in the carne asada line and order the al pastor tacos. I recommend you divide and conquer. I waited for the asada and my boyfriend went for the al pastor. But mind you, these lines are long and slow so even if you split up you'll both be waiting a while. Luckily, the wait is worth it. After we acquired our tacos, we paid, and went outside to find a table. Fortunately, someone was getting up to leave so we snagged a spot. (oh yeah, the tables are as hard to get as the tacos) We quickly devoured everything. The tortillas are fresh, the meat is seasoned and prepared perfectly and the salsa is a great complement. Seriously some of the best tacos I've ever had. Next time I find myself in Vegas this will be at the top of my to-do list.
5	It was pretty confusing.  There are separate lines for different types of meats or fries.  Stand in the line of the meat you want to order and don't be a noob like me and stand in the shortest line.  I realized there were separate lines once I looked up and noticed that there were signs haha. VAMPIRO:  I ordered an asada vampiro. It's kind of like a tostada with melted cheese and a special salsa.  It was really good.  The crispiness of the tostada and the taste of the melted cheese is an awesome combo!!CARNE ASADA TACOS: A safe choice.  And I wasn't disappointed. These met my standards and were comparable to the taco trucks in LA.It's pretty cool to experience and it's pretty affordable.  As chaotic as it gets in there, they have a decently organized system.  Seating is available outside under their covered patio.  Parking can also be limited, but we got lucky during the time we went. I definitely want to come back and try their carne asada fries!!
4	Awesome, authentic Mexican tacos.  All kinds of meat that...er...I wouldn't eat. Did I mention it's authentic ? I had the asada and pastor tacos. I assume by everyone's smiles that the brain and internal organ tacos were yummy as well. Lines for different meats are kinda confusing, but, they help you sort it out. If you are a gringo ( like me ), bring a Mexican.  It helps. ;-)
5	Our las Vegas Blvd location is closed we have moved to 3260 losee rd 89030 same food bigger location .we moved because the owner of the property changed our locks to the doors because they want to open a taco shop like ours
5	Unfortunately this place is now closed.  Sadness!  I've been coming here for years now and it was a regular stop on my Vegas trips.  I guess I now have to go to the other locations.  The Tacos de adobada was my favorite.
4	Food quality was great but very overpriced. 1 star less only because of the price. You are getting $0.50 Tijuana tacos for $2. I know much better places in LA for half the price
5	Please update this location is closed. We went at the end of December. Tried the Charleston location but the wait was so long we didn't want to wait in line for an hour. The food though is probably some of the best tacos and quesadillas I have ever had.
5	I went to this location on the strip tonight and it was no longer there :-( does someone know if they moved locations?
4	Delectable, fatty, smokey ingredients wrapped in greasy, hot tortillas.  Tasty tasty stuff my friends.Now for the wait...it's a nightmare, especially when you're hung the f**k over and need to get it in ASAP.  So, it's ill advised that you go here after a night of drinking unless you have the capacity to wait about half an hour in line.  Separate lines for different meats/ organs.  our friend tells us its the most genuine replication of tijuana style tacos.  Whatever this is, it's f**kn delicious.  4 1/2 stars.  Product is solid 5 but the wait is unbearable.
