4	I am giving it fours stars because it is nearly a perfect dive bar.  NOTE-this place is in a sketchy neighborhood, so watch yourself and your wallet/purse!  That said, to experience some interesting, often down on their luck characters, this is the place to go!  It also has an "Off-Sale" license which means you can get booze to go.  And people do. Constantly!  All the time!    Ring the doorbell so the bartender can buzz you in, plop yourself down at the bar and be prepared for bartenders that sometimes are too grouchy to the drunken regulars to believe!  You will smell heavily of cigarette smoke once you leave.  It has an incredible neon sign out front and holds Tavern License number ONE. The inside has some nice vintage touches, too. I feel this place is endangered as the owners are elderly.  This place closes at 11pm nightly.
3	The streets around Atomic are rife with playa's hustla's pimps & ho's.  Maybe that's why there's a doorbell for the place.  But once inside, the faint urine scent and linoleum decor are offset by.. what's that... $1 Busch Lites.(Brief detour... nothing like saying "Goodbye Bush" right before pounding a Busch right before Election Day)Atomic was a stop for the great Las Vegas Hash House Harriers Red Dress Run.  About 120 of us ran the sketchy streets south of Fremont and Atomic was one of the high points (with the Double Down as THE high point, but that's another story).  Atomic's a total dive, reminiscent of what a dive would look like in the early 70's.  I was waiting for Superfly to wander in at any moment.  He would have been deterred, however, by a quasi-homeless lady who appointed herself as the keeper of the velvet rope, declared the place was over the occupancy limit, and filtered people in by the twos once she deemed them acceptable.
5	Gets a five spot for adventure in a town that has gotten awfuly boring.  We went at 10 30  in the morning, figuring that any of the creatures of the night wouldn't be up yet.  We were mostly right but I wouldn't be venturing down here after dusk.  apparently its been cleaned up a lot and used to be the Skid Row of downtown with gangbangers galore but not much of that in evidence.  We parked right at the side and walked about fifteen feet to the front door and buzzed the doorbell.  A little surprising as you could gaze through the plate glass window that makes up the front of the bar.  Once inside, we got two seats at the already crowded bar of mostly old timers who were all pretty friendly but not overly intrusive.  Had some pleasant chat and moved along.  Photo of Sinatra behind the bar, I would like to see more evidence of the Rat Pack hangin here, not really buying into that one.  Is cool to see the pricetags on the liquor, a true package store.  A throwback that may be there for a while if the owners are waiting for a renaissance.  According to our newfound friend at the bar, a Vegas marble worker for forty years and now retired "Vegas is never coming back". Not sure I would confuse him with an econmist, especially drinking $1 beers before noon, but who knows.
5	Loved this place, I had heard about the history. Sure you get buzzed in, but that's part of the whole deal. Busch for a buck, really friendly bartender and clientele. Just skanky enough not to be invaded by hipsters.  Took my shirt off as I walked down to the Western to get some sun and  just to get into the spirit of things in the hood. Did not stay at the Western long, got tired of the atmosphere there.
4	Yeah, this place is pretty old and has obviously never received a renovation, ahhh so much better than Pure!Pros:1. $1 cans of Busch, what a great beer2. Three crappy pool tables, I think they might even be 50 cents3. Colorful clienteleCons:1. If you park at the El Cortez, like I usually do, you WILL encounter some whack people on your walk down the street.  Hookers, tweekers, scowling police officers, you name it.2. If you don't get there by right about 9pm they won't let you in, so plan accordingly.  Seriously?  Ugh, one star deduction!3. It's pretty damn smokey in this place.
5	I pine for this place when not there. It's always the first stop when I visit Vegas. We have pretty much just made this place our home away from home. Not only does one  have to get buzzed in, but the clientele is top notch. The crazy nights and crazy people we've encountered here leave nothing but fond memories. This is one of the oldest remaining bars, named after the bomb testing. People actually used to watch the explosions from this place - it was a form of entertainment. Come here, load up and bop next door to the Western and bust out some karaoke with the elders. Love, love, love it.
5	There is no finer divebar in Vegas than the Atomic. If you are looking for new friends, simply buy a round of Busch beer for all of the folks at the bar. Hell- they're only a buck each!Last time I was in there with my peeps from Detroit, a black tranny kindly gave up the booth so my friends could take a seat. Classic!Ask the tender about Frank and Sammy and Babs visiting the joint, and they'll be more than happy to fill you in on the history.I recommend the Atomic as a good staging point for subsequent visits to the Hogs 'n Heifers, which is nearby, or even the "Chicas Bonitas" latina strip club in North Vegas. My boy Chad always insisted upon it.
4	Rad dive bar but can't say that if you're not a big dude here that you're not going to get a stare down from bikers. Oh and your lady would probably be scared here, so just go with the guys. Big guys.
5	Atomic Liquor, one of Las Vegas's last remaining links to its Rat Pack Mondo Atomic past, has been closed since the beginning of the year (1/2011) !! Stella Sobchick who ran the bar with her husband Joseph, passed away on Jan 15th at the age of 91. Joe passed away 3 months earlier also at 91 years. They had run the business for 55 years. I was glad to have met them one of the times they were both in the bar. My understanding from talking to one of the bartenders at the El Cortez, is the Sobchick's son has no interest in running the place. Hopefully, he can lease out the bar to someone who understands its historic significance and will continue its legacy. In the meantime this is really really depressing news.
5	Spent one of the best lonely afternoons of my life here last August, sorry the owners have both passed.
5	Damn, I told everyone I knew going to Vegas to check this place out.  Figured it just couldnt last.  You can see a bit of the Atomic in "the Hangover" but only if you can recognize it from the sign.  They probably cut out more prominent shots of the place.  Somebody please reopen this place and give me a reason to go back to Vegas.  If they dont you folks ust missed out on the last of a dying breed, especially in Sin City.
5	This account will open again and I am so excited.  Its a link to old school Vegas and the new owners are great people that also have roots here in Vegas.  I cant wait to see how it turns out.
5	This historic bar will be re-opening to the public after a complete remodel that faithfully honors the mid-mod architecture inside. When open, it will include an outdoor seating and entertainment area as well. It's always nice to see old dives get a sprucing up and a new lease on life. This is going to be a really special place for many people's pub crawl, and a natural stopping point on the walk east to the Bunkhouse.
5	The best bar in downtown Las Vegas by far.
5	This bar is AMAZING! Head over now before the cancer of East Fremont metastasizes past 10th street and ruins it!!When these guys reopened the historic Atomic Liquors (a/k/a the Oldest Bar in Vegas TM), they had a choice. They could class it up and serve pretentious drinks at exorbitant prices -- and maybe even install a velvet rope out front, in keeping with the new East Fremont vibe.Instead, to their EVERLASTING credit, they reopened the Atomic as a solidly unpretentious, irony-free dive bar. They even kept the sparkling popcorn ceilings!! I went on opening night, when the place was slammed. The bouncer at the door was a cherubic-faced sweetie (!!!! I've NEVER met such a nice bouncer), the bartendress served me immediately, despite the crowd...and the best part was, I got two drinks for $8. This will be my go-to bar from this point on! FIVE THUMBS UP!!! (Us atomic fallout victims have extra thumbs, don't ya know...)
4	Cool, friendly and laid back crowd with a good modern adaptation of a vintage place.  The decor is simple and not over done. The prices were reasonably and the service was quick and extremely friendly.  The crowd was easy going and a great mix of locals, tourist, age groups and everyone seemed to be having a good time.  Will have to go back on a Friday or Saturday night and start my Fremont Street pub crawl there next time.
5	Great spot.  Kind bartenders, yummy drinks, great booze selection, decent prices, beautiful (freshly scrubbed) vintage dive bar ambiance.  Hooray!
5	We stopped in our way downtown, we had a great time, great bartender, great customers. We would go back, little slice of old Vegas with an updated look and attitude.
5	I like it! I'm a long time resident of downtown Las Vegas and I remember this place when you had to be buzzed in- wait the buzzer is still there! They've reopened and still have great service and good prices. What's not to love? I'll definitely be back.
5	Clearly the best bar downtown and a must-visit if you haven't haven't been. It's an echo of the past with one foot in the future. Drinks: The drink selection is phenomenal without being pretentious. Seating: Lounge-y and bar seating. You can stay here for hours.People: The bar staff and ownership are great. The crowd is always a mix of cool people.
4	Thank you for bringing back a classic. We used to go here for the long island ice tea, and the new owners did not let us down. The drinks were good and strong, and the price was $2 more but well worth it. We are regulars again.
4	Skip the PT's next time you're looking for a laid back bar. Like Mr. Truman said, ATOMIC is the answer (too soon?) Downtown bar for the people who want to not be in the more chaotic/hipster crowd up the street. They say that back in the 1950's you could watch the atomic bomb testings from this bar, well now you can watch the hipsters and social butterflies on 6th/Fremont. Jokes of course, unless you have binoculars or a creeper telephoto lens.Good selection of craft beers, both local and around the country, ie Anderson Valley, Ballast Point, Tenaya Creek, Joseph James. You can even get the more commercialized brews, ie Busch. Best part? The inexpensive prices $3-7.Don't like beer though? Fear not you can get your cocktail and wines as well. While there are some nice selections of whiskey, don't expect anything out of the norm. That means while there are craft cocktails, you aren't going to get dazzled and an atomic mushroom cloud is not gonna explode out of your head like the character on the Warhead candies. The people here are cool, interesting mix of people. Saw a trail mix of Bikers, office workers, birthday celebrators and walnuts of course.
5	Great place to start off the night or end it, they got tons of parking great drink prices.
5	This place is great. I can't believe I've never been here before. I've been severely missing out. Old Vegas charm meets unglamorous dive bar. Perfection. This place gets it. Liam (Door staff) is one of the most genuinely nicest guys in town. He proves that you don't have to be a douche to control the door. **Other bars take note!!I was told it's the oldest bar in Vegas, but technically there's a bar that's been open (consecutively) longer. I haven't been to that bar either, so as far as I'm concerned this is the oldest. I love the old style memorabilia. Bathrooms are surprisingly clean. This place rocks! Drinks are cheap and delicious. I was a little hesitant to order a dirty martini in a such a distinct dive bar, but I couldn't stop my mouth from saying the words. Not to worry, because it came out perfect. Absolutely perfect. Everyone is extremely friendly. Our waitress was adorable and attentive. She told me her name, but of course I forgot.Patio:  Unfortunately the view isn't that great.. right now you are just facing a dirt lot, but it's still spacious and nice to have the option.  Pros: Bike rake. I'm new to biking, so I'm on the lookout for downtown bars with bike racks. I didn't see a liquor store section, but apparently you can buy some of the bottles from behind the bar.
4	It took me a few times to get the vibe of this place. But it grew on me quickly.Fairly eclectic crowd. Nothing pretentious going on. Most importantly, the staff is genuinely nice. They are always friendly and chatty with a good sense of humor.Drinks are reasonable.My only really complaint is that whoever does the music there frequently cuts songs off. Not really sure what that's about... It's usually a song I like too, which gets annoying after the tenth time.
5	Learned about this bar from a friend and what a unexpected gem.Has an interesting history I checked it out when we got home.Nice break from the Vegas rip off clubs, a great local type hang out. I ordered two vodka tonics and was shocked when the tab was 8 dollars, this was at 10:30 PMish. Staff was friendly and the customers a nice crowd.( I am mid fifties middle class)They had a great food truck outside, I believe the name was Truknyaki, with great food at reasonable prices, we took in to have with our drinks.
5	Wonderfully renovated! Employees are friendly and everyone was having a great time the afternoon I was there. I'd definitely return with friends and family. The hard work it must have taken  to restore the place to its past luster is obvious. If you're a Vegas history buff be sure to check it out.  It's a jewel on Fremont.
5	A bar.  That's it.  And that is all it needs to be! The new (and local!) owners kept the best of this bar, and upgraded the rest.  Loads of atomic bomb references, an epic neon sign and old-school popcorn ceiling, lend to the great vibe here.  There's no gaming, and that's a good thing.  Not quite a dive bar, just a great bar!Lots of craft beer on the 20 taps (with 10 more taps on the way), I had an Old Rasputin Imperial Stout.  Very tasty.  They also have an intriguing cocktail menu.  Great bartenders, too!  The Atomic Liquor Store has liquor license number is 7 (the first six were casinos)' making it the oldest bar in Las Vegas.  For a kitschy, old-time Vegas experience, at a fun place, I go to the Atomic!
4	This bar is great! Parking was available, doorman was friendly (unless he was just some guy hanging out by the door) bartenders were attentive and friendly and plenty places to sit.  Just your no fuss bar.  *ordered a dark n stormy (rum, ginger beer, lime juice) yum! Would've stayed longer but got hungry and no food options nearby.
4	This place is a diamond in the rough. Rough meaning cliche bars and diamond being a rad dive bar. Unique friendly divey vibe. Drinks are about as cheap as they come. I'd recommend dropping in and giving it a try. Awesome location right in the heart of old town vegas.
5	Tori is an awesome bartender and a total babe. That's enough of a reason to go to the atomic.
5	Old Vegas Baby! Drinks are cheap, cheap, cheap and the 50's music is really cool!Locals, locals and more locals! Just on the edge of a not so good area through. Casual or business attire you see it all, bouncer keeps the riff raff out! So no problems here!
5	They say dive bar but come on this place is nothing dive about it other than the sign. Slightly of the beaten path but so much better that all of the other bars that so many tourists visit. Free parking which is handy downtown now that all of casino charge. Great strong drinks, very awesome bartenders who are very efficient and super nice. They have some signature drinks that I highly suggest trying, including the ode to hunter s. Thompson. Delicious and refreshing. Also a very solid beer tap list. Check out the glass in the front window. What is that hole? Just a bullet hole from a robbery in the 80's! Support your local bars and you will be rewarded!
4	Heard about this place from Anthony Bourdain, he was capping off his Parts Unknown season by filming the last episode here. It touts as the oldest free standing bar in Vegas and is located right off Fremont Street in Downtown Vegas. Based on what I had read about the place, I was expecting a full on dirty dive bar. However, walking in, I quickly realized this is more of an upscale dive bar...is that possible? The space is old but very clean, large bar wraps around the inner corner with other table seating scattered throughout the space, as well as an outdoor smoking area. They actually have a cocktail menu, made with fresh ingredients (definitely not your average dive). I got a drink that was a beer-champagne concoction. I can't remember the name. . . but was made with Busch beer and surprisingly delicious. It was fresh and prefect for my Saturday afternoon delight. Bourdain's crew was actually setting up as he was filming there the next day, so I don't think the crowd was as typical as it may have been on a normal day.I would recommend checking out if you are planning to be downtown area or checking out Fremont Street.
5	Awesome place, especially when Tori is working. She rocks.
4	We came in here on our latest trip to Vegas since we found a Groupon for it and we were staying nearby on Fremont St.  I was excited to try a place that was a far enough distance away from the Fremont St Experience that not many other tourists would be likely to venture there.First off, don't be confused by the sign that says to ring the bell to be let in.  We rang the bell but when they let us in they told us it was open anyway so we didn't have to ring the bell.  The bartender was super friendly and mixed some excellent drinks, especially considering it was his first day on the job (or at least he told us it was.  The prices were very reasonable, especially for the quality and variety of drinks offered.Overall, I'd happily return here on my next trip to Vegas when I'm looking to go to a bar but get away from the noise and commotion of the tourist heavy areas.
5	I have had drinks In a lot of places but this place takes the cake. My girlfriend ordered the strawberry fields and was instantly in love. The bartenders know what they are doing and mix drinks with an expert hand. Very cool crowd and atmosphere. A little away from the tourist traps but so worth it of your trying to try new drinks and get the true feel of Vegas.
4	Fremont east has been missing a dirty, filthy hole in the wall dive bar and now that this Vintage Vegas establishment has reopened (2 blocks further east 9th street), FE has one. Atomic Liquors is nothing fancy. A friendly bar with a juke box, bartenders that could probably kick your ass, and the cigarette smoke is thick. It's vintage, sexy, dirty Vegas at it's best.Drinks here are reasonable priced and there's tons of plush seating and bar stools. As far as a dive, the bathrooms were incredibly clean (though it was a Thursday at 2 AM). I can't wait to head back.
5	Void of the common ostentatious vibe of today's East Fremont, Atomic Liquor Store and Bar is one a welcome part of East Fremont!Atomic Liquor Store and Bar is a great spot with some cool history.  It is a bar that just feels right.  It is not intentionally divey, but it has the genuineness of a dive bar.  It has several great craft cocktails, without the chic feel of a cocktail lounge.  The beer menu is diverse with cheep pours and some for true beer people too!  Atomic is a real bar that will appeal to lots of people...and It does all this without putting itself in a cliche box that is duplicated around town.  Atomic has a lot of parking...and it's free!  That alone is a good reason to start or end your night at Atomic...but when you factor in that It is one of the better bars in Vegas, it really is a no-brainer.
5	More fun than you can shake a stick at. The bartenders are super friendly, not to mention nice to look at. Don't let the location throw you off...or do, we like it that way. It's sort of a locals and industry get away. Make sure to try a specialty cocktail or enjoy one of the rotating draught beers.
4	Cleanest restrooms I've ever seen! The only thing that makes this bar a dive is that it is smokey and located on fremont street. But other than that this bar is really cool. Signature cocktails are also tasty. Try em out.
4	Old school bar, new school drinks.I find this bar very interesting. I really thought they would have atomic related drinks. Well, nothing deathly of course. Stopped by one night for some drinks. Only got the cocktails. Reasonably priced for a hip downtown bar. There's a server going around getting people's drinks (thank god). Entrance is free and so is parking. LOT of parking!A must stop if you're bar hopping in DTLV.
5	finally made it to Atomic last night...good parking...friendly doorman...clean bathrooms...craft brews as well as Busch on tap and had a shot of Old Crow from 1976 bottle...diverse crowd...patio...food outside...nice vibe...as good as it gets.
1	This is def. NOT a dive bar!! This is an upscale/hipster hangout! Very clean and very modern on the inside, looks like it would be retro/vintage from the outside. I was hoping it would be retro on the inside having an old Vegas feel with old beer signs etc. Exact opposite. If you like paying $4 plus $1 for a tip for a beer this place will suit you. This bar is classified as a divebar.. NOT AT ALL A DIVE BAR!!!
4	Is it a dive bar that mixes cocktails or a cocktail lounge that looks like a dive bar? You'll have to answer that question for yourself, but I recommend a visit if you're in the downtown area, since it's Vegas' oldest freestanding bar. Plenty of character here, though I wasn't up to staying past one drink (a bit too smoky and not quite the scene I was looking for). I'm giving an extra star for the nice bartender with the pink hair and excellent selection of cool t-shirts and tank tops for sale.
4	this is the holy pee spot! it's a good thing!we came in here to grab a beer and pee before heading back to the life cube project. this place seemed to be packed all night long. we got some seats and hung out for a while will grabbing some quick beers. I ended my night here after talking and almost falling asleep on a table. (long day for sure) they also have some seats outside, which I was not up for since it was a little breezy. I watched their bartender run around and try and help everyone they could. the runner were really nice, I think I was the only one to let them through. gonna come by here more when i'm downtown.
5	This has to be the farthest east along East Fremont I've been. My gps aint working and I have no signal. Someone help me. Haha no jk. Actually the Atomic Liquor Store and Bar is awesome. Right now it has to probably be my favorite bar in all of Vegas, to bad it's all the way Downtown. Surprisingly they're one of oldest bars in Vegas and people use to watch atomic blasts from a blast site from the roof back then.The atmosphere is fun and very chill. They have an excellent selection of good craft beers and cocktails which they'll occasionally switched up. The prices are reasonable, about the price I'd pay at the usual neighborhood bars. There's also your domestic beers. The bartenders are friendly, quick, and pours great drinks. The full bar looked pretty full with a self of this liquor I don't remember the story cause I was pretty liquored up but I think they found while renovating or something!?It's spacious with stools and standing area at the bar counter, a couple long tables with stools, I think there were sofas or shorter seating available to lounge around, and lots of outdoor patio seatings. They also served food right outside. Across the street there was The Life Cube thing.I also read that they have Trivia nights 6pm - 9pm every Thursdays. I definitely would be back and it's just a few blocks east of the Downtown Container Park along Fremont Street.
5	Like Commonwealth, except completely different. Gracious, fun and unpretentious (for Downtown). Also differentiates itself by supporting those with normal levels of self esteem. Rose and Tori are both engaging and fun.
5	I'm disinterested in the clubs on The Strip.  Atomic Liquor Store and Bar is the place for me.  We wandered in off of Fremont on a Friday night and settled in on the patio.  It's the only dive bar I visited in Vegas, but I know it must be one of the best.  Drinks were cheap and strong.  The crowd was diverse.  A burn had just ended in the vacant lot across the street and half the patrons were in costume.  Everyone else ranged from hipster to blue collar.  People were outgoing and we made some friendships that were fun if not lasting.This was my first trip to Las Vegas.  If I ever go back, I'll stay on Fremont and visit Atomic Bar every night!
5	Really helpful bartender, nice staff, free parking and a dive barish vibe. Good place.
5	Prompt , knowledgeable service.Consummate mixologists.Cocktails from another age.Beer list representing the best of locals and sours (my personal favorites).If I were crazy enough to live in the desert, this would be my bar.
4	I'm pulling a total hipster move, but.... This place was cooler when it first (re)opened.Sorry.Anyway, Atomic was a five-star joint for me for a long time.  They played 80s tunes on the jukebox, their specialty drinks were good, there was an interesting crowd, and you always wound up in a conversation with a stranger.  I still love the place but have to knock off a star.  Ever since the press coverage/Anthony Bourdain special/Holly Madison sightings, Atomic has been swarmed.  It's not so easy to strike up a conversation with the person in the bar stool next to you with groups of people hovering over your head.  The specialty drinks are no longer made with love cause the bartender has a line of people that want to buy a beer.  But the music is still great.There was even one incident where we sat down at the bar and waited for 20 minutes and no one even acknowledged us let alone took our order.  So we finally left and went to Velveteen instead.It's best to be here with a group of people you can get rowdy with on the weekends.  Or if you prefer something more tame, come during the week.  I also recommend visiting during the day- you'll meet a few old timers that have been drinking at this bar since the test site blasts.  Stick with the beer (they have a good selection) or easy-to-make cocktails.  If the bartenders aren't swamped, the Hunter S Smash is a good choice.Fun interior and they have a large patio if you prefer to sit outside.  Expect to pay around $6-$10 for drinks.  Bonus for the large parking lot with free parking.Congrats to Atomic for their success.  I'm glad to see a Vegas landmark still intact and thriving.Nikki Jo's Ladies Restroom Review:Super cute!  And clean.  Only two stalls though so there may be a bit of a wait if you are there on a crowded Saturday night.
5	Had a blast at Atomic! The craft cocktails were delicious and they were reasonably priced! The atmosphere was a blast! From the music, to the decor it was a great place to have a drink at and relax. The bartender, Tori, was a pleasure to be around. She was very helpful when deciding on drinks, and introduced us to some locals at the bar to chat with because she knew we were from out of town. Will definitely be going back!!
5	My sister and I wanted to check out a bar neither of us had been to and yelp led us here! Driving up, I was a bit concerned about the area we were in, but once we parked the buddy system was plenty of a safe net until inside (but I do recommend the buddy system, gals)! We walked in to a great mix of oldies playing and ordered one of their signature cocktails! I went for the Dark n' Stormy, a mix of dark rum, ginger beer and lime! The name is a little misleading because it was light and delicious! Our bartender, Tori, was a serious lifesaver. At one point, we were stuck in an uncomfortable situation with another bar-goer and she casually introduced us to a few regulars across the bar to diverge the awkwardness! Overall, it was a great place to relax and laugh! Can't wait to show this place off to others!
5	Very cool place to hang on a a balmy evening. NON strip prices and a great variety of characters. (old mobster was there signing his book) Drinks and beer $5 to $6 and a great vibe in a gritty transitional neighborhood. It's all GOOD!
2	My review is based on my first experience at Atomic which was last night. I get real excited when I find new bars on Yelp, like really excited that I hype myself up. When I first arrived, parking lot was full but there was more room in the back which was convenient. & it was FREE parking, thats hard to come around downtown. I would suggest parking here & maneuver your way down freemont street with a buddy system of course because this place is just too far East on freemont!The cocktails were Delish. I decided on the Smoked Watermelon which was not on the menu but fellow Yelpers raved about it. It had a smoked after taste. My friends got the Strawberry Fields which was on the sour side but still kinda good. The beers they have on tap were impressing. Bartenders were kinda hard to get a hold of, even in the beginning when it wasn't too busy. The atmosphere was out of the ordinary last night. Lots of people in crazy costumes, roller blades, & bikes. I felt like I was at an Electric Carnival. Although it was kinda on the funnier side we had to get out of there as soon as possible with all the commotion it had started.
5	When you're sick of the strip's blinding lights, teetering drunks, and weirdos trying to hand you cards for strippers, head here for a much needed drink.  Strong cocktails with interesting flavors (at a reasonable price) made by prompt and knowledgeable bartenders really set this place apart.  More importantly, the bar stools are awesomely comfortable and make for good drinking.   It's really not in a bad neighborhood IMO; perhaps if you're accustomed to the sterile strip malls in suburbia it may be frightening, but otherwise you'll be fine.
2	We're my friends and I in for a surprise that night!! Almost naked men (only covering the privates), Waldo, clowns, trannies with REAL breast implants, a unicorn, tutus everywhere and EDC vibe all over the place! It was only upon leaving that we found out there was an event going on..The actual bar is just a little further down Fremont Street. Pretty big space and can you say FREE parking! That's a big deal considering there's no more free parking anywhere downtown! Let's talk about the actual bar -- drinks were ok, got a Strawberry Fields (sour, strawberry, nothing really special type of drink), my friend got a Smoked Watermelon which was good! And the beers that the fellows ordered were surprisingly good even though I'm not really a beer person! They served food outside at the foodtrucks and they served rock solid pretzels for $1 each about the size of a Cuties orange at the bar (DONT GET IT)!Service also sucked! Bartenders had no system going on and they were everywhere. Took almost 20 mins each time trying to get someone's attention -- def turn off!It was a fun vibe and it was funny seeing everyone so festive for the event! Let's just say it wasn't my kind of vibe, lol!
5	The cocktails are made with love and attention.Besides the cocktails, however, you have SAUSAGE MAN. I am in love. I just ate a Polish on a soft and chewy pretzel bun with sweet grilled onion, mustard, and the most tender and non-offending sauerkraut I've ever had. The sausage itself was perfection: charred a little, really nice snap in the casing, juicy, hot, such great flavor, not too greasy. That pretzel bun though! I will dream about it until I get another one in my life. I believe the Sausage Man is out there Thursday through Saturday evenings. Maybe I'll see you there, as I will definitely be returning!
2	When I heard the history behind this place I had really wanted to try it, but they closed down. I was so happy when they reopened the place back up. I tried the place this week. Inside of the place was very nice. I ordered a House Manhattan and it was almost $10, I thought that was very expensive for house liquor. The thing that got me about the place is the bartender. Here's a historical place, but the bartender has a beard that's about a foot long, wearing a black hat and tshirt, looks like he's going to a motorcycle rally. I mean come on a place like this, do you really want a bartender looking like that?
1	This place smells, is in a crappy location and was a total dive. Went to 20 pubs last trip to Vegas, this was the worst and the bartender Matt is a total douche.
4	I love the Atomic because it's the Atomic and full if history.We visited mid week if was very quite, but full of atmosphere . They also carry Old Chub beer out of Colorado , give if a try .
5	Im a fan of the Staff and the $3 Bush Heavy on tap BUT the entire tap beer/specialty cocktail menu is awesome and always evolving!  Go see 'em and give Rose & Tori and the gang a Guy-Five for me!
5	Was bar hopping around Fremont Saturday night and this place was an absolute gem. Thank you Uncle Bourdain for bringing it to my attention. Oldest bar in Las Vegas and it isn't for nothing. Two extremely attentive bartenders had us going not even five minutes after getting there. Huge amount of beers on tap to choose from! Left after a few rounds but after seeing the other lackluster offerings in the area my friends and I ended up heading back to try and woo Kenny for the rest of the night. Drinks are strong and cheap, nice diverse crowd, and a really positive fun vibe. Definitely will be frequenting this place from here forward.To those complaining about how far it east of it is, walking two blocks over from Commonwealth is not going to kill you. If that's too much then luckily for you heart attack grill is only one block the other way.
5	Best Bar downtown for beer, hands down. Always something new to try with their rotating taps and a pretty good bottled selection to boot.  Rose and Tori are always a delight. Make sure to get some pierogi or a sausage on a pretzel bun from the Sausage King if he's out front!
5	Fantastic outdoor area and very spacious. I love that this place isn't smokey. Great selection of beer. I like the staff and the bathrooms are clean.
5	This place is one of the BEST bar in Las Vegas.Some ideot ppls says talk about there AMAZING bartenders.They don't know true just saw visual with personal comment.They never talk with bartenders.Please first talk with Atomic's bartenders and judge them.Bartender always right that is the BAR RULE NO.1 if not? Reading again BAR RULE NO.1
4	FREE WiFi!! Not the fastest but gets the job done. Bring your laptop & chill out on the back patio while getting tour work on and washing that work down w/ some tasty craft brews or an amazingly delicious mixed drink! Great little spot in my favorite part of town; Downtown!
2	On a recent stay in Downtown Vegas I had this place on my list of bars to hit up...I mean hey it's the oldest bar in vegas, and it proudly touts itself as a dive bar.  When we arrived I was immediately disappointed.  The decor was horrible, and I don't mean in the lovable dive bar way.  It was bad popcorn ceilings painted white and some pool tables, a juke box...just no real personality in my opinion...not what I was expecting from "the oldest bar in vegas".  On top of that I have an issue with a place calling itself a dive bar, but then they are serving mad artisan cocktails...like seriously...at what dive bar can you order even 1/4 of the concoctions they were serving up.  Service was poor, there were 2 bartenders and neither one seemed terribly organized and wandered from person to person, and it wasn't based on who was at the bar first, more like who was the closest walking distance...it took us about 15minutes to order a drink, 10 more to get it, and then we drank it in less than 3 minutes and left.  Wasn't feeling the vibe there....if you're just going to be an average hipster bar then that's cool, but I would stop relying on the fact you're the "oldest bar in las vegas" and actually create and ambience and vibe that portrays that.
4	Caution..Smoked watermelon is seriously spicy, my companion Cindy couldn't drink it and switched to a Strawberry fields{She ordered a Burger from a gentleman taking food orders ,it was called The Patty, she loved it. Few blocks down from El Cortez. Area is being built up. Fast. Worth a visit. I tried moose drool beer,not bad at all!read less
5	What a great place to just hang out and chill. Thoughtfully made cocktails and craft beers.Great music, cool events wonderful bartenders!What more could you want?  The next time you are downtown you have got to stop in.
5	Busch for $3 on draft, all wells for $4, all tall cans of basic brands $4. Not to mention that the cocktails are AMAZING (specifically the smoked melon) and that there is a huge selection of craft beer... Why wouldn't you come here?P.S. The employees are awesome.
5	For a dive bar, its a hit.   A little bit of a hike from downtown and for sure a hike from the strip, but its a dive, they are not there for convenience.   Its old school vegas, and it has quite a history. They used to watch nuclear bombs explode off the roof, thus atomic liquors.  New owners are dedicated to making it a bar for downtowners and hipsters in the downtown district.  Ground central for Life is Beautiful Festival.  For a dive bar to get 5 stars it has to be good.  Outdoor and indoor seating, great pictures of old school vegas.
4	The diviest of dive bars. Friendly and hip. that's my style
5	Really good cocktails, friendly bartender, awesome beer list.  Sure it's in old Vegas, but grab a cab and make a night of it.  Much better deal than you'll get on the strip, and in a retro, chill environment.Bonus for the ladies:  clean bathrooms!
5	Five star dive bar. If you want to get away from high priced basic drinks that are NOT worth the money then look no further. Don't expect frills with the decor. Is a dive. And it's beautiful. The bathrooms are CLEAN. (There is a theme here with my five star reviews, cleanliness wins every time)When it comes to the cocktails. They are what make this place worth every star on this review. Jeff was our bartender and he made amazing drinks. Well put together and delicious combinations. Habanero, watermelon, ginger, lime and saison. If your not a mixed drink person then look to the wall of craft beer. It changes all the time and always offers something new. Great place!
5	Best bar downtown, proper drinks, bartender was cool and have some history on the building. Really enjoyed it
5	Great people-watching bar, with a terrific beer selection and adventurous, mostly excellent cocktails. Awesome collection of spirits and amari. I have to give a nod to the bartenders, whom I found warm, exceedingly competent and friendly, even to some true meatheads. I'm so glad I stumbled across Atomic; it's a real highlight of this short stay in Las Vegas' fascinating and vibrant downtown.
5	Seriously you must go here if in Vegas! It's a short walk from Fremont but worth it. So much fun! Cheap prices too!
3	Cocktail was fab, REALLY good. (Fancy Strawberry something or other) Prices definitely better than Casino's etc.  Little off the mark for location, seems like the farthest from Old Vegas that I'd venture off to.  Bartender wasn't very friendly but he had a killer cold so I gave him a pass, and the guy at the door was twice as friendly so it evened out.  Very clean, interesting interior design.
5	Best bar in Vegas.  Period.  Tori is the best.  When in Vegas there is is only one place to go.
4	Nice selection, local hangout spot, poorly located. At least currently it requires a walk slightly out of the comfort zone for some. Worth it if you aren't too cautious though.
4	I'm a pretty big fan of Atomic. The bartenders know what's up. The menu is pretty straight forward, nothing fancy. They have a good selection of craft beer on tap featuring several local brews and they mix up a decent cocktail too. The prices are reasonable, not cheap but not overly expensive either. There is no happy hour and they really don't need one to draw people in. They have a pretty good following as is, mostly locals, mostly laid-back. I've never seen it get too rowdy even when the place was packed. The patio is a nice, spacious option, especially if it's smoky inside. If you hangout long enough there will eventually be a bum or two on the sidewalk. No big deal, they just add to the charm of this place. And, yes, it is quite charming.
5	5-stars to my home away from home during Life Is Beautiful music fest back in October. Thank you, Atomic, for providing a perfect vantage point for half of the performing acts at the festival. Outdoor seating with alcohol? It felt like we were in a VIP section!Clean bathrooms are much preferred over the potties at the fest. The toilets flushed and there was always paper. Very nice bartenders who were always willing to pour us a cup of water. We had the same cocktail waitress three days in a row and she was so sweet! Extra nod to her patience when dealing with out-of-towners.Prices on drinks are reasonable and they have Scrimshaw on tap. What's not to like?
4	(Jason) Pub Crawl - the only mandatory stop is Atomic. Fantastic history and laid-back-friendly vibe in a bar you want to Stay In...like an Ireland pub but sketchier (in a good way) ....You want to hang out in this place.   Skip the Strip. Seriously skip it.... entirely. Bars like Atomic and a dozen others located Downtown ...each with their own character and true creativity, make for a fantastic Pub Crawl.  Great food at places like Carson Kitchen ... plus cool local artisan shopping spots popping up like the Container Park.... makes this area The Destination.  The renewal project by the City of LV is inspired. STAY THE COURSE Las Vegas!   You heard it here first....Downtown will be more popular than the soulless Strip by 2020.
4	Atomic Liquor - the oldest bar in Las Vegas. It was originally called Virginia's Cafe when it opened in 1945, but changed it's name to Atomic Liquor in 1952. At that time, there would often be advisories in the local newspaper notifying the public that later in the evening an atomic bomb would be tested in the desert. Regulars at the bar would drink on the rooftop and watch the mushrooms explode on the horizon, hence the name change to Atomic Liquor.Barbara Strisand, the Rat Pack and Hunter S. Thompson were regulars.3$ for Busch beer.
3	I had fun. The place was full of hipster types but more of a mixture then say at the Beauty Bar (pure hipsters) got a dirty martini on the rocks... they forgot the rocks and then they forgot to make it dirty so I wasn't too happy about that... the waitress fixed it though and I did enjoy myself hanging out with friends... it was a nice atmosphere.
4	Jeff is an amazing mixologist. We have him some info about our day, mood, feelings and he whipped up an amazing drink that was right on point. This is a really cool hangout spot that is off the beaten path. It's a bit down east Fremont but we'll worth the trek. I think it being further down keeps the annoying tourists and riff raffs away. If you're a tourist and make it down here, you definitely debut stumble upon it but instead sought out to find it. They actually taped the scene in casino when Pesche stabs the dude in the neck with a pen in this bar making it a historic landmark. It can get very Smokey inside but thankfully they offer outdoor seating and heat lamps to go along with them. I like the joint and hope it leads to more bars opening this far east on Fremont!
5	I have been walking by this joint for years after work. I also read about it on the internet. Finally I decided to stop by.I was immediately greeted by one of the friendliest bartenders that exists who was ready to wait on me hand and foot.Whats unique about this joint is the history. It dates back to the early 1950s and the interior has been refurbed and they have all this historic stuff on the walls plus a hidden safe they found in the floor.I don't drink alcohol but they do have a real nice drink menu and 9 beers on tap.A definate must see!
5	Not been but it's I the radar - too many people have raved about it. My liver and I need to check this joint out!
5	Spent NYE here and it was awesome. Not too many people, great drinks and prices and champagne at midnight :) thanks guys and happy new year!
5	A duck and cover drill with my liver. I'm truly a sucker for dive bars. I'm not sure if it's the dark gloomy atmosphere, the stiff drinks, or that I can get my buzz on for almost no money... pretty sure it's the latter. Atomic Liquor Store and Bar is themed with that 50s style look and vibe. From the long curved bar to the retro star burst neon sign out front, they even play old school atomic bomb warning videos from the 50's above the men's urinal. Rumor has it that back when this location first opened, visitors would sit on the roof, sip a drink, and watch the Atomic testing demos happening in the distance. Word. I first came here one day during the LIB music festival and ended up coming back everyday during the three day event; I was/am kind of obsessed. Atomic offers not only house made specialty cocktails, but a decent selection of craft beer as well. I usually go for the whiskey straight or vodka soda myself. The bartenders here are super friendly and quick about getting your drinks ready. if you're sitting in the lounge area or at one of their many tables, servers never let your drink get more than three quarters empty before offering you a refill. Awesome!The outdoor drinking area is great for people watching or escaping the smokiness of the inside bar. Yes, they do allow smoking inside the venue, but they also have high powered ventilators so it's not as bad as the local station casino or Stage Door (another amazing dive bar). The name suggests it's a liquor store as well as bar, although I've never seen them sell bottles to people... so I guess this just means I'll have to go back and ask about liquor sales before my vision starts to get fuzzy. Cheers!
5	One of the best bars on Fremont, definitely the best on East Fremont. Matt and Geoff are the bomb, professional and great mixologists!
