4	This is a new restaurant in Scottsdale, in the Optima Camelview Village on the North West side of Highland Avenue off Scottsdale Road. Their website does not give an actual address because unfortunately, the building complex's address would lead you a block north of the restaurant. Dining at this restaurant is well worth the address confusion though. My boyfriend and I went last night (Saturday night) for dinner. There is free parking in the underground garage, and you walk up the drive to street level. Nourish is conveniently located near the entrance of the complex next to the garage. The space has a light, airy feeling with plenty of shaded outdoor seating and breezy indoor seating. The menu includes seafood, meat dishes, vegan dishes, gluten-free meals, appetizers, desserts and a full bar. I got a salmon burger on bed of greens with sweet potato fries and my boyfriend got steamed teriyaki brown rice bowl with broccoli, snap peas, carrots, cashews and chicken. Both meals were amazingly good! My salmon burger had a lemon herbed aioli that blended wonderfully with the flavors. So very good.After dinner our friendly waitress suggested ice cream for dessert. I can't eat dairy, so I started my usual deflection. She reassured me that it's made with coconut milk, so we ordered it. Chocolate Chai coconut milk ice cream. Oh, yum! Just the right amount for the two of us to share for dessert. Next time I'm trying the apple pie. I highly recommend this restaurant for meat eaters and veggies alike. There are plenty of tasty gluten-free and vegan choices as well.
5	While randomly searching the internet for 'Vegan restaurant Scottsdale', I stumbled upon Nourish. Nourish is a new restaurant that has only been open a couple weeks. What I love about their menu is that they denote vegan menu items.Nourish Menu http://nourish123.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/10/menu-nourish-updated1.pdf10 of their 12 starters, sides and snacks are vegan (11 are vegetarian)5 of their 7 soups and salads are vegan (6 are vegetarian)All beverages are vegan1 of their 6 sandwiches are vegan (3 are vegetarian)All 3 Non-beef burgers are vegan1 of their 7 entrees is vegan (4 are vegetarian)They rotate their desserts, including vegan selectionsToday we decided to get take-out to eat by the pool, since it is such a lovely day. We both ordered the sweet teriyaki burgers.The burger is an amazing combination of chickpea, sweet potato and black beans with a slightly spicy seasoning. It is served with air-fried (without oil) crispy sweet potato waffle fries. The fries are seriously crave-worthy. They are seasoned with cinnamon, which I thought was a surprisingly good flavor combo. The burger is normally served on a bed of greens, but we got ours on multi-grain buns (lucky for us). I can't imagine this burger without the bun; the bun was the perfect compliment to the burger. We got the teriyaki sauce on the side, along with a garlic dressing that I didn't see mentioned on the menu and they were both awesome. The burger came with cucumber, tomato, onion and lettuce.We decided to try the Ogave sodas and they were awesome. We had the cola and mandarin key lime flavors.We asked about vegan desserts and sprung for some vegan chocolate chai ice cream. OMFG. The ice cream, which is made with coconut milk, was probably the most amazing flavor of ice cream I have ever had. The take-home container had 4 baby scoops...I could have eaten like 2000 scoops of it. It was so good that I want to go buy an ice cream maker just to try to recreate the flavor at home.This new restaurant will be seeing a lot of me....I already want to go back for 2nds. ;)
5	Holy crap. Not only is this place in an awesome location but it has one of the few menus that I literally could not decide what I wanted to eat.  It's a strange little corner spot that Nourish occupies and the layout is a bit on the minimalist side but that's okay.  They have a nice patio and their air conditioning system does a good job keeping you cool inside.  The hostess and waitresses were all very nice and helpful and really everything is very appealing about this place when you come in.Now let's get down to the food.  So many things to choose from.  We started with some Mac & cheese and with a bowl of chili.  The mac & cheese is not your creamy style but rather the crunchy kind.  That's not really what I want when I order mac & cheese but this stuff was really tasty.  The Three Bean Chili was REALLY good.  It was pretty spicy though, so be prepared.For my entree I went with the Spicy Southwest Burger with a side of sweet potato fries.  I had the burger on a challah knot.  It was a strange compound of potatoes & beans made into a patty topped with avocado and cucumbers.  Sounds weird but it totally worked.  I would order extra cucumbers next time.  The satisfying crunch of them breaks up the soft textures of the potatoes, beans, and avocado.  The challah knot bun was AWESOME and one of the best pieces of bread I've ever had.Finally, the masterpiece of Nourish is their Sweet Potato Fries.  I will go on record as claiming these to be THE BEST sweet potato fries in the valley.  That means BETTER than Fez and WAY better than Delux.  They are air fried which means they are healthier than your normal fries & they are lightly covered in cinnamon (and something else I can't quite decide).  The thing that makes them so great is their accompanying side of dipping sauce.  I don't know what it is or what god they had to kill to procure it, but it should be bottled and sold.  The combination of the two makes Nourish worth the stop if only for a mid-shopping trip snack.You don't have to be a vegan to come here but at least it is a place you can go and get normal food & keep your friend's dietary needs in mind.  Check it out.
5	This restaurant is fantastic.  The food is wonderful.  The location and outdoor patios are great.  There is a private room for parties.  The food is amazing is a great place to go if you have food sensitivities.Pretty much everything on the menu is or can be Gluten Free.  This place is a must stop for Celiacs and the gluten intolerant.Bravo.
4	Nourish is one of those places I recently found that I'm hesitant to share on Yelp because I selfishly don't want them to get so crowded that I'll have to wait for a table when I go... A friend of mine who lives in the Optima told me about "this new healthy restaurant that opened up" recently, and I couldn't wait to try it. Jared and I went in for dinner last Friday night and were both extremely pleased... we both loved the casual environment, friendly service, and of course the incredibly fresh and healthy food.  We worked up an appetite by taking a bike ride prior to our visit and we were both starving when we arrived.  We pretty much ordered one of everything on the menu.  OK... that may be a bit of an exaggeration, but we did have the following:1 x chunky sweet potato and avocado salad - (one of my favorite things that we tried)1 x quinoa salad 1 x confetti veggies of the day 2 x seared sashimi-grade ahi tuna 1 x salmon burger with peppered air-fried, no oil, sweet potato fries1 x steamed teriyaki wild rice bowl with chicken2 x flavored water of the day (it happened to be blackberry that night)And as if that wasn't enough food for our first visit, we ended up purchasing two orders of quiche so we would have breakfast the next morning... and guess what? We finished everything we ordered and enjoyed it all!To top off the experience, we got a chance to meet Kirstin, the owner, and she was extremely sweet.  She told us about how she came up with the idea for the restaurant and all of the planning and hard work that went into it.  Judging by our experience that night and the reviews so far, Kirstin's work is paying off... Jared actually went back for lunch today and I was jealous!  But I am excited to go back to "nourish" myself very soon.  A few additional notes:*There is a bar with plenty of outlets set up so bring your computer and have a working lunch... they've got WiFi too!*There is a long list of wine, beer, and cocktails.*Parking is kind of annoying... park underground and walk up.*There is a dog friendly patio!*They are closed on Mondays.*They offer personalized healthy meal plans.*Catering is also available.
5	I have a new favorite restaurant!I had heard about this place because my sister had interviewed for a hostess position early this spring before the place had opened. She ended up taking another job, but she told me how beautiful the place was going to be and how health conscious and vegetarian/vegan friendly it was. I was excited to hear of a place like that finally opening in the East Valley. I love me some Green- but most of that place is vegan junk food and not so healthy (albeit delicious).I had the Teriyaki burger, which was yummy and very flavorful. I spared myself the carbs and had it on the field greens, but I sort of wish I would have went with the bun after reading some reviews.I even went with a very NON vegetarian, and he ended up really happy with his burger. Seems like this place has something for everyone.I just had water, but the oogave sodas and all the drinks looked tasty. Maybe next time. Also on the agenda for next time is the deserts!I'll be back for sure- it was great leaving from dinner and not feeling disgusting or suffering from gut-rot.
3	I wasn't super impressed. I thought the decor was sorta cool looking, but it smelled funny inside the restaurant... perhaps that's what healthy smells like. The menus were wrinkled dirty pieces of paper printed out on an HP inkjet, stapled together awkwardly and reused ten too many times. I didn't see much of anything on the menu that sparked my interest, but I got a burger anyway. I could tell it was quality meat and the bread was tasty but dense and thick. I sampled some sweet potato fries and though I'm not a fan, they actually tasted like sweet potato. It would seem that this place at least tries to live up to its image and the food here is quality. Those positives aside, I was almost set to give this place a 1 or 2 because the kid that served us was sort of a dick. He wouldn't look me in the eye or take my order - we had to chase him down to order something. Maybe he just rubbed me the wrong way. Perhaps he thought I was an asshole too. Hell, he probably grabbed on his balls and then touched all over my burger - which would make it extra funny to him that I said it tasted good. However you slice it, we went through our glasses of tap water down to chewing on the last bits of ice and he never once offered to refill them. He also just sucked at his job. Though there was a table of 6 hot young girls that seemed to be getting ample attention. Hmm...I left a lousy tip - something I pretty much never do... I usually even tip well when the service sucked. Might be in case I go back and don't want to get my food covered in balls. I don't plan on returning to this place. Location-wise, it's a gorgeous spot off a not-too busy street. I still haven't figured out where I'm supposed to park, so I park illegally across the street at the motel.p.s. I tried to get through this entire review without using the word pretentious to describe this place - aww crap, guess I sorta just did.
2	Clearly I ordered the wrong thing judging from the other reviews.  I had the Chicken sandwich and fries.  The best part was the bread, which was delicious.  Fries were cold and soft.  I'm not sure if that was on purpose or not. I like the concept.  Would probably give this place one more try with a different menu item.
2	Service sucks and food takes WAY too long. Unlike the drawn out, obviously affiliated reviews on Nourish, I will give it to you straight. I am a resident at Optima Camelview, the condo complex in which this restaurant is located. I've been there a total of 3 times. The first time I came in, I placed a simple to-go order for a salad. It took them 5 minutes to enter my order into the computer, and another 20 minutes for the salad to come out (a salad without any type of grilled meat) even though the restaurant was empty. Ok, they just opened, I let that one slide. Both the second and third times were very similar. The third time, today, my father and I came in and ordered two soups TO START and a salad and a burger. It took 35 minutes for any food to hit the table and it all came out at the same time. Soups were barely warm, burger was well done (asked for MR) and waters were empty the entire time we were waiting. We even said something to the server and nothing was done. If the owner (who was in house) would have at least said something to us, it could have stopped me from writing this review. I HAVE SERVED FOR MANY YEARS IN EVERY TYPE OF RESTAURANT and have never seen such disorganization and lack of customer service. Don't give these people your money.
3	My food tasted healthy.  Kind of a back-handed compliment isn't it?We had dinner at Nourish this week.  It's a cool space in the Optima Camelview condo development.  The restaurant has a nice contemporary decor like the rest of the building.We had the appetizer with ahi tuna, hummus, quinoa and avocado/sweet potato selections.  I liked all of them and thought it was a nice way to start the meal.I ordered the apricot chipotle glazed turkey meatloaf.  The glaze was really tasty but the meatloaf was bland.  The plain broccoli and mashed sweet potatoes were average as well.The service was prompt and friendly.  It's nice to be able to support an independent owner-operated restaurant like Nourish.  It's great to see someone providing a healthy dining alternative.
4	Eating healthy and eating out very rarely mesh well together. If presented with the choice of something like a 'Prime Rib Sandwich with Garlic Shoestring Fries' or a 'Roasted Chicken Salad'...there are very few people who would pick the salad over the sandwich under their own free will (excluding people who are under the influence of the newest greatest dieting trend). My girl and I try to eat healthy...we'll avoid anything that's too over the top; and we strive to find places that focus on being fresh and not overly greasy. That being said, there are limited choices when looking for establishments that cook up low fat food that doesn't taste like old cardboard. Nourish is definitely going for that niche...the health conscious foodie. In addition they offer pretty extensive options for people on Gluten free diets and Vegans. Don't get scared away though, there's still plenty of options for the rest of us. We tried a few things here; the burger and the tenderloin grilled cheese sandwich. Both don't sound healthy, so I know I'm going against everything I just said about the place; but both meals were very fresh tasting and had zero grease or fat; the food tasted healthy...there's an obvious difference in the type of lean meat used and in the cooking process if you were to compare it to a normal burger at a place like Chilis. It's like night and day. Also their sweet potato fries were quite tasty and were cooked in some way I don't completely understand (air popped?). All this being said...the food didn't knock our socks off, but it was good for what it was...and for being on the healthier side, I can forgive it a bit. It was a perfectly good meal, and we felt great afterwards...that's more than I can say about a lot of other places we've left bloated and greased out from.One quick downside to mention is the parking. It's pretty confusing. If you can find the entrance to the underground parking you have to pretty much sprial around this maze of parking spots looking for a 'guest spot', and once you find one you'll have to navigate through the Optima Condo area looking for Nourish...I'm still not quite sure how to find it...we just kind of stumbled into it; so good luck on that. P.S. Flavored water...some people have mentioned it...the menu talks about it; I don't think ours was flavored at all...not sure if they were out of it or if the flavoring was so mild we just didn't notice...hmm.3.75/5.
3	First things first. . .I have made the following startling and relatively disturbing observation: Most of the healthy/veggie-friendly restaurants I've visited in the last several months have a penchant for piping horrible soft rock music (dare I say "elevatorish") music into the unsuspecting ears of their patrons. Seriously. Just a coincidence? I hope so. Nourish was no exception. Hello, Michael Bolton. As for the food, it was pretty darn good. Granted this may have been because we had been flirting with mostly raw veganism for several days and were st-aaaa-rrrr-ving. We started with chips and mango salsa, which were quite delicious. Nothing of note, but still tasty. For entrees, we ordered the burgers- teriyaki and southwestern. Both on a bed of greens (sans buns). Both were good, although I preferred the teriyaki. The air fried sweet potato fries served with some sort of apricot sauce were completely delicious! We were also pleasantly surprised by the cucumber flavored water- very refreshing. Sadly, the lackluster service we received knocks this place from a solid four star rating down to a three (and I'm being generous here!). They didn't seem to be understaffed at all, and we sat for maybe 15 minutes before being greeted and this slower-than-mollases service continued throughout the experience. We waited for what seemed like an eternity for our bill and even after asking the hostess and bartender both to locate our server, we continued to wait another 10 minutes or so. When she finally arrived with our bill, our server explained that she'd been MIA for the last view minutes due to an issue for the kitchen. While I fully understand that, it doesn't explain her lack of attentiveness for the entire time we were there. In short: food=good service= slower than slow and lackluster music= almost intolerable With a new playlist and some customer service training for the servers, Nourish could be up to four stars in no time!
1	oyy a miss for me on this one! I heard about Nourish a few weeks ago and have been meaning to try it...I happened to be in the nabe yesterday early evening and decided to go in. The place is huge but was completely empty...we were welcomed nicely. It is vegetarian, vegan, lactose and gluten-free...the menu looked AWESOME - lots of options and great concepts... as I was looking it over, I was already drafting an enthusiastic e-mail in my mind to all my friends who happen to be vegetarian and vegan...and then I saw the note that stands on each table enumerating what nourish is all about:"everything only sweetened with agave nectar" (omg must come here for lunch tomorrow)"coconut milk instead of cream" (omg Chrissy's bday party must happen here!!)"our sweet potato fries our air fried no oil! (July 4th weekend at Nourish!!)I was having a pretty good time in my head until the food arrived...we started with the garlic/artichoke hummus:disappointing: it was very small and came with three pieces of sad, wilted old and dirty looking cucumbers and carrots. Surprising as a veggie place you would think that the focus would be on the vegetables being fresh, colorful and appetizing! not so!next the "kitchen sink" salad with grilled chicken - again a huge miss!  veggies were old, wilted and just sad - chicken was NOT grilled rather that white/diced chicken thing with the bad after taste yuck! (I know its not the most original choice but IT IS a veggie place after all so I thought the salad would be the star...too bad it didn't even get into the local theatre school!!!)my husband ordered the garlic/lemon chicken on quinoa salad - more flavorful than mine... but SO small! yes that's another thing.. the portions are tiny - the entree portions look like appetizers...Things went from bad to worse when our waitress started ignoring us towards the end... I was still hungry after my sad salad so I ordered some of them air fried sweet potato fries... ehhh... and I asked for some ketchup and it took her 1/2 hour to get it to me - she came out six times - yup SIX doing other errands before she got me my ketchup even though we were practically the only ones in the place...by the time we paid our check... my " imaginary" e-mail to my friends  went from enthusiastic to delete!I'll "nourish" myself elsewhere thank you... dinner  and "bachelorette" at my place???
2	It deeply saddens me to have to write a review like this for a restaurant that finally offers a menu from which I have choices. I am a vegan and self-professed health nut and was very much looking forward to trying absolutely everything on this menu. Now that I've tried a good chunk of it, my heart has drifted from the illusion that a swanky atmosphere and a menu dotted with "gf"s and "v"s will always be indicative of sheer, healthy brilliance. Nay.My first visit was the height of the romance. I was so excited by the idea of choice that I tried as much as I could on a mildly empty stomach - the confetti veggies, salsa of the day, and mango avocado salad...at the time my enthusiasm tricked me into thinking it was all light and delicious, but as I walked away I had to be honest with myself. There was hardly anything on that confetti veggie salad, the salsa tasted like it came from a jar with some pineapple chunks thrown in, and they forgot to include the "Nourish Energy Mix" greens in my spicy mango avocado salad. This girl likes greens, what do I have to do to get a little leaf around here?I was willing to clear the slate for my second visit. I wanted to try more items and have a better experience. This is a new joint and I am a new customer, I wanted to be a patron! Nay. To advertise that their bacon has no nitrates but then to use sulfured apricots in the quinoa salad - I don't know how to convey my confusion. The fruit salad looked like it came from the bottom of a bowl that had been sitting for 2 days - pink pineapple and brown kiwi. What really got to me was the "wild rice" - I'm from Minnesota, home of wild rice, and this is not wild rice. This is brown rice with a few wild grains studded throughout and it was so salty that it tasted like it came from a Rice a Roni box. I'm so sad that I wrote that, but it's true!I'll sign off on a more positive note...the sweet potato fries were delicious and light. I have not tried the sandwiches or burgers yet, mostly because the portions looked huge. But I will probably come back to try one for the sake of having a complete experience. I wish for a better representation of what healthy cuisine has to offer - I know the spirit of Nourish is on the right track. I just hope the deliver catches up.
5	YES YES YES.YES.Acai martini: delicious.Four-choice appetizer platter featuring hummus (yum!), ahi (meat??), mac and cheese (with lots of veggies and a super-homey casserole vibe) and those non-fried sweet potato fries (which were actually brown around the edges?? Hallelujah!!) Eggplant parmesan - so perfect. I guarantee you can't tell the difference between this one and the deep-fried nightmare that normally is what eggplant parm is. Here's the thing - I'm a total carnivore, and I'm also someone who starts thinking about my next meal as early as while I'm still eating my current meal. Not this time! This was an almost completely meat-free night and I stayed full for the remainder of the evening! Excellent, friendly service as well!
2	After so much initial Yelp praise, I decided to drop into Nourish to give it a shot. I'm not a vegetarian or vegan or glucose or lactose free, but I am a pretty healthy eater and enjoy delicious food that also happens to be good for you. Nourish seemed like it fit a great need for its niche -- the only similar place I can think of is True Food -- but it fell flat. For starters, it's a good thing they have flavored waters, because their regular water tasted funky. Salads are very tasty but super small - appetizer portions at entree prices. Sandwiches are a much better value, but you can find better at many other places. The sweet potato fries aren't bad, for being "air fried." Without that caveat, head-to-head against real fries, not so much (and, come on, isn't ordering sweet potato fries over regular ones already being good enough?!). I will say that the dipping sauce that accompanies the fries is delicious! The setting is very casual and comfortable, and the service was great, but it's the food that brings someone back for a second time...and I can't say I plan on returning.
5	I've been to Nourish many times and always have a good experience.  They have quite a solid menu all around.  I really enjoy their pizzas, salads and sandwiches and the sweet potato fries are fantastic.  The deserts are very delicious.  Even though I do not have food allergies, just about everything can be prepared Gluten Free.  The service was right on and food quality is consistently good.If you want to go for a beer and appetizer, Nourish is a really good choice..  Their brews are good, they have happy hour specials to choose from, and the bar area has a good ambiance.  There is also a large patio, an internet bar and they always have good tunes playing.  If I had to pick on something, it would be that parking can be a challenge.
4	Dear Kristin, Brittany, and Chef Dan -Thanks for making our weekly fete so fun, so delightful, so *nourishing*! The avocado sweet potato salad was delicate and flavorful; the hummus lemony and creamy (I didn't know that it had artichokes in it! Yum!); I loved the texture and heartiness of the quinoa salad! Brittany, your wine suggestion was perfect to complement my tapas selection and my sister's refreshingly light chicken salad sandwich. As I told you, Dan and Kristin, the mac & cheese was really terrific - but it needs a different title - maybe "mecca and cheese"? By far, the best dessert is the lemon meringue pie, although we would have liked to try the cheesecakes, which were not available when we visited. The apple pie was not our favorite, but we are traditionalists, so there's that. The service was wonderful, and it was a real treat, Chef Dan and Kristin, to chat it up with you. We'll be back, with the rest of our foodie friends, again and again to enjoy all of your offerings, because there are THAT many! Best regards, S, L & J.
5	This place is a breath of fresh air. I was initially nervous, because the concept looked way too healthy to have a chance of tasting good. Boy was I wrong. I've been back three times now, and each time the food has been excellent.My favorites include the cucumber water, spicy mango salad, sweet potatoe fries, and seared ahi.The staff is very friendly, and service is right on. Look for me there because I'm sure to be a frequent patron!
5	Lunch - 20100708Rice Bowl goodness - Kirstin recommended the Rice Bowl and it was really delicious.  The veggies had a fresh picked taste and the cashews were a perfect match when mixed with the rice. I really enjoyed my lunch (again) and look forward to trying the cucumber soup next week.For dessert I ordered the apple pie to go.  Unfortunately I didn't heat it up as recommended, but it was still good. Definitely eat the pie warm!  See you next time!
5	Wait, you passed it.  Turn around. OK, now where to park? Valet or the garage underneath the restaurant? Now that I've found a space where are the signs to get upstairs to the restaurant. Once you get through finding the place, parking, going upstairs all the work will be worth it. The sweet potato fries aren't fried, they taste better than the alternative and they're the reason I'm going to keep coming back. I started with the sweet potato avocado salad that had the perfect texture. The agave nectar soda is guilt free and so good. The best thing is, even though I'm vegan, my friends who eat there love the burgers and the fact that everyone can get the best of both worlds. It's not just True Food Kitchen anymore.
3	My friend and I went to Nourish after hearing the buzz about it. We ordered a variety of dishes (we figured based on the price, they had to be pretty small). We ordered the following: Quinoa salad - good flavor, liked seasoning and the dried apricotsHealthy Mac and Cheese - ordered this because I thought I remembered reading good things. It was too healthy tasting. Wouldn't order again. Chunky Sweet Potato and Avocado Salad - tossed in sweet soy dressing. I always like sweet potatoes, this was a nice, light dish. Spicy Mango and Avocado Salad- liked the bit of spice. There were almost too many mangos on the salad and the dressing seemed a little heavy. More greens would have helped. Overall, it's nice to have a healthy option out there. I'll have to be in the right mood for it. I'd like to go back in the evening and have a few drinks (their drink menu looks excellent).
4	Went back today to try the Watermelon Soup.  It was very good and actually would also be great as a martini.  For the price ($4) there should be more, but what is there is very refreshing and tasty.I also had the mac'n cheese which was presented in a litter bigger bowl than the soup and was great tasting, but did require a little salt & pepper.  I rarely add s&p so this told me that it was missing "something".  Not sure what, but it needed a little zing and it just wasn't there.  Next week I WILL get the Nutella dessert that sounded so wonderful, but they were out of the crust. FAIL.  Next time there better be crust or star ratings will begin to fall.Great environment, different tunes today (country?), but we survived.
3	I feel the requisite responsibility to check back in with an update, mostly because my second experience was a little more sober - literally! no wine at dinner :-P Chips & salsa were really tasty! Hummus still good! But I have to say that the turkey meatloaf with apricot glaze, served with a side of smash sweet potatoes and broccoli broke my heart. It was truly disappointing: the meatloaf was mealy and lukewarm, the sweet potatoes lacking any sweet potato taste for the overwhelming spices (for shame!). For full disclosure, our very kind waiter took my entree off the menu, although I told him it was not at all necessary to do so, but he did so he gets big points (and a good tip). My husband, a meatatarian, had the pork tenderloin which was chewy and lacked flavor; the asparagus it came with was very, very unpleasant. I will say that, as I did last time, I left feeling as though this is the food you want to eat if you are working out regularly (just don't order the turkey meatloaf). The appetizers are very good, but I sense strongly that the lack of a real oven might be a long term hindrance, and that possibly non-heated and foods not baked on site ('cept the fries) might be a better long term plan.  Note: Choose the waffle fries over the julienne fries...much more sweet potato-y!
5	This place had me from the moment our waitress asked us if it was o.k. if our water was infused with the flavor of cucumber.  Heck yeah it was o.k. in fact I don't even want to order a drink, I just want the free cucumber water!  My buddy and I decided to start with an app. order of sweet potato waffle fries with dipping sauce.  Delightful!  I ordered the sweet potato and garbonzo burger and the sweet potato and avocado salad side dish.  Notice the sweet potato theme??  I love those crazy orange taters!  The food was really tasty and quite flavorful.  The burger was a little different than I expected because it didn't come on a bun..but no biggie.  In typical girl fashion, my buddy and I split a cupcake...finger lickin' good!  I am picky-picky but this place won me over big time!  Also, I felt that, for the location, their prices were very reasonable.  The prices for those condos located upstairs..well that's gotta be a different story!
3	I've been to Nourish a handful of times during lunch as I work down the street. Two items that I like are the sweet potato & avocado salad and the eggplant parmesan. Prices are a little steep for what you get, but I guess that's the price you have to pay for trying to eat "healthy." I'd be more inclined to visit if the portions were a little more generous (i.e. the watermelon soup, appetizer sampler platter).
4	Fantastic Sweet Potato Fries (with pepper)!!!!  The owner is super nice and it is crazy what they can do with the equipment they have in the kitchen.  Overall, very clean, refreshing and wonderful food!
4	I am definitely going to miss this place now that we live in Seattle.  We seem to have a hard time finding non ultra-hippie healthy food dining options here.  Aside from that, this place is really quite good.  Basically, everything on this menu is healthy and good for you.  There are plenty of options for people with specific dietary restrictions such as vegetarian, vegan, and even gluten free.  So many items looked really good on the menu, and we had a really hard time narrowing it down and figuring out what to get.  We ended up splitting some mac and cheese and some chili as our appetizers, and then I got the chicken salad sandwich for my meal.  The mac and cheese was pretty good, and it had lots of confetti vegetables in it.  The only part I didn't really like about it was the bread crumb topping because it got kind of hard when it baked on instead of getting crispy.  The flavor of the rest of it was good though.  The chili was really really good.  Who needs meat in chili?  Not this girl!  It was loaded full of beans and covered in a rich and thick tomato sauce with a healthy dose of spice.  It would be absolutely perfect on those rare cold days in AZ.  My chicken salad sandwich was absolutely delicious!  It was fresh tasting and not heavy at all because they use yogurt dressing instead of mayo.  The grapes were a welcome addition.  My only complaint was that the chicken was a little bit dry.  The dressing did a good enough job compensating though.This is definitely a place I would love to come again to try some of their other menu options.  Maybe next time I come back to visit.
4	Lucky me, I came here with a group and we were provided with a sampling menu! We were provided a little bit of everything and now I will share with you my experience. First plate had pita and hummus, sweet potato avocado salad, and mac n cheese. The pita was soft and delicious. I've had better hummus, but it was decent. The mac n cheese was good, but had too much bread crumbs for my taste. The sweet potato avocado salad was amazing. I couldn't stop myself from eating it. The second plate was sweet potato fries, waffle fries, and tots. Absolutely crispy with a soft center and air fried. Crazy! I would describe the dipping sauce as sweet and sour plus spicy yum. Third round was the kitchen sink salad and the spicy mango salad. I really really really liked the spicy mango salad. A mix of sweet and spicy flavors that really complemented each other. The kitchen sink salad was good, but not that memorable. Next was a sampling of sandwiches: grilled cheese pork tenderloin, chicken salad, and Tuscan chicken. All three delicious. The pork tenderloin was chai rubbed and you could definitely taste those flavors. The bread on all three were soft and light. We then were treated to eggplant Parmesan with pasta that was so yummy. Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The Parmesan sauce was rich and not sweet. We ended with lemon cheesecakes and chocolate tarts. The tart was rich and the lemon cheesecake was heavenly. The drinks were tasty as well. I had the acai martini that went down smooth. The lemonade was fresh and had the right balance of sweet and tart. The tea had a hint of mint that was quite refreshing. We ate so much and it was all delicious. It's not on the top of my list for a return dinner, but I look forward to another meal here.
4	Great place. We went on a Fri night and sat outside it sits in a very cool building. The menu wasp bigger than I thought with a little something for everyone. I actually changed my order from the salmon burger that I original asked for.  The service was good although we could have used some extra plates with our apps but no big deal. I had the spinach and bacon quiche with a salad and side of sweet potatoes fries. Delicious. My wife had the kitchen sink salad with wasabi dressing per the server recomendation. He was right. The vegetables were fresh and crisp which is exactly what we were looking for. The lemon cheesecake was worth the visit in itself. All the food was very good and light. We left full but not heavy feeling. Gotta big cup of coffee to go and enjoyed with a nice cigar downstairs by the fountain. Definitely will be back.
3	Calling all Vegans, Gluten Free's, Vegetarians and those who enjoy eating healthy. Nourish is probably your Garden of Eden. Hidden within the Optima, Nourish is a health food fan's paradise. The environment is fresh and clean and so is the food. Upon walking inside, I noticed how calm and refreshing the restaurant was. Everyone had the same calm attitude and I could tell that this is a restaurant you visit to relax and still feel healthy when you leave. The menu is detailed but not overwhelming. The only overwhelming part was trying to decipher what each icon indicated and soon I learned that most of the food is gluten free, vegan, vegetarian or some other food lifestyle other than carnivore. But, for those not following an alternative food lifestyle, it's still incredibly tasty and makes me rethink my cuisine decisions! Nourish serves breakfast all day (bonus) as well as lunch. It's a great brunch spot. The eggs Benedict is spot on. I can't tell what sort of herb or tweak they add to the hollaindase sauce but it doesn't taste like your typical eggs benedict. Their breakfast sandwich is tasty as well but a little bit more on the dry (and healthy) side. Their ingredients are fresh as is their produce. If they push the cinnamon roll on you it's because it's like a cinnamon god's protege and worth every calorie consumed. Plus it's flowing with frosting. Nourish has a great patio for dining as well as spacious seating inside, but the patio is covered enough that even on a hot day it's comfortable to sit outside. So in summary, Nourish is a good choice if you're looking for a healthy meal that will fill you up. I will absolutely be back and I can't wait to try some of the lunch items that looks tasty. Note: Be sure to check the times before visiting Nourish. I was surprised to find out that they open at 11:00 on Saturdays but 9:00 on Sundays.
1	I came into town for a show and was excited to try a gluten free friendly restaurant. I could have not been more disappointed. Since I notice most reviews of this place are very positive and extremely long I'll try to be direct and to the point. Service was incredibly slow. We waited a long time for food and to pay our bill. I noticed everyone waiting a long time for their food and when stuff came out it was in odd bursts. Atmosphere was some what pretentious and for the food I ate not at all warranted.Food was uninteresting and mediocre. I ordered the grass fed burger medium rare on a gluten free bun. The burger was preformed and nowhere near medium rare.  They way this place markets itself I was expecting something fresh and well prepared. Instead I got something I'm pretty sure had been frozen in the shape in which it was cooked and brought to me. I wouldn't be surprised if the whole meal was cooked in a microwave. The bun was gluten free bread which is okay someplace that doesn't use the word bun on their menu. My friend's pizza we also compared to frozen pizza cooked in a microwave.I love food and have eaten at amazing gluten free and other health conscious restaurants  in many cities so I think I can be a good judge. This place failed for me in every possible way except in cleanliness. But if you told me they were cooking frozen food in a microwave in the apartment next door and then bringing it over, I wouldn't be the least surprised.
1	What a disappointment!!! I was soooo excited to eat at this restaurant, but ended up leaving sad. The portions are so small and completely overpriced.  The food tastes below average, nothing special at all. I heard that they don't really have a kitchen in which they can really cook in, so everything is premade and just reheated in a microwave.  I guess that explains why everything is overpriced.  Please don't waste your time or money trying to eat here.
3	I really want to give Nourish more than three stars. The Valley is seriously lacking when it comes to restaurant choices that include menu options like this but my experience was so mixed I just can't go higher than three stars.I went to Nourish for the first time on Friday night for a friend's birthday dinner. There is parking but it's a little confusing. It's underground parking so I headed down the ramp and ended up in a land of confusion. I drove around for quite a while trying to find an open spot. Eventually I found one on the other side of the garage. So here's a hint - go left! So i get out of my car and look for a elevator, stairs, a sign, anything that would point me in the right direction. Nothing! I ended up walking up the ramp. I know it's not really the restaurants fault but the complex could put up a sign or something!So I finally make it above ground. A few people from our party are already there with a nice table outside - great! I'm so glad we got a spot outside because inside looked more like a cafe than a sit-down restaurant. It was a much more casual atmosphere than I was expecting.Onto the food. I started with a hibiscus cosmo. It was very good but I thought it was a little overpriced. $10 for one drink. I know it's Scottsdale, but come on.For my meal I ordered the turkey meatloaf with mashed sweet potatoes and broccoli. The meatloaf was really good. It wasn't dry and had a simple meatloaf flavor. The sweet potatoes had way too much cinnamon for my tastebuds. It really overpowered the sweet potato flavor and in my opinion ruined them. The broccoli was just steamed broccoli, nothing done to it.One of my friends did order a veggie burger on a gluten free bun. The bun was actually a bagel but it tasted really good so that was a plus. He's used to getting really dry not so good tasting gluten free bread.A couple of people ordered dessert and I didn't taste it but I was not impressed. The birthday girl got chocolate chip cookies and they were tiny. She also said they were hot in some spots and cold in others - a sure sign they were microwaved.So like I said - it was mixed. Some stuff was good some stuff not so good. I'd be willing to give them another chance but I'll probably try a few other places on my list first.
4	Nourish is tucked away in the jungle that is the Optima. We parked underground and eventually made it to the restaurant.With the number of vegetarian/egg-free items on the menu, we splurged. Not everything we had was amazing, hence 4 stars instead of 5 - but here is the breakdown:Pro's:--The air-cooked sweet potato fries are incredible.--The crispy eggplant parm and teriyaki bowl were great and filling (we didn't have a problem with the portions here)--AMAZING desserts. Eggless Red Velvet Cupcakes = heaven. The fact that they taste amazing is a bigger plus.--The staff was pretty friendly and attentive.The Con's:--The lemon artichoke hummus was ok.--We weren't the biggest fans of mac n' cheese. It was fairly bland.Overall - I'd definitely go back, especially when I am feeling up for dessert!
5	I think I could eat here every day if I had more money. As a vegetarian with a gluten free friend, we found a perfect place. The restaurant caters to individuals who have food allergies and/or who don't eat meat. The waiter also asked us first thing about any intolerances, allergies, etc and was cool about it, versus other restaurants where a person might have 3-4 choices only. We went during brunch time on a Sunday, but I like how they also offer the lunch/dinner menu too. I ordered fruit salad (mango, pineapple, black- and blue-berries) and tortilla soup. The tortilla soup was great - veg based, spicy broth with black beans and avocado. The serving sizes are also perfect. The waiter said "we don't like to overfeed people." I'd agree that it was just right. My friend ordered quinoa pasta with meatballs and enjoyed it. I saw sooo many other things on the menu that I would like to try. The parking can be confusing if you have not been before, but the Nourish.com web site outlines how to get there. I had been to Posh a few weeks before so was aware of the parking garage.
4	Just returned from a wonderful lunch. As a vegetarian I love when a place has so many yummy-sounding options for me to choose from. But there are also plenty of meat dishes as well. And they also list those items gluten-free.Thanks to the not-so-wonderful xmas shopping traffic around the Scottsdale mall, one in my party was a bit late. It was disappointing that the server wasn't more attentive in getting her order, considering he delivered our meals after she was there and had a chance to review the menu. We had to ask another server to take her order.Despite the slight lapse in service I highly recommend this restaurant. The food is great. I will go back again soon.
4	I've been meaning to pop in here for a while since I work in the area and finally got a chance with today. I am vegan and my girlfriend is vegetarian, so we were happy to find lots of wonderful sounding food. Not being able to decide on what to eat was a nice change from trying to find something I CAN eat!The only criticism I have about the food is that I found the quinoa salad a bit salty and was not a fan of the sweet potato fries' dipping sauce. I guess I'm a ketchup guy, but that's not exactly health food.Service was a bit slow, but they got busy really quick. I'm sure it was a result of the busy mall/holiday traffic.It is very reasonably priced for fresh, healthy and organic food and would definitely recommend it to anyone with a special diet or anyone into health foods.
3	A quick disclaimer:  as neither my wife nor I are vegetarians nor have food allergies, I'm pretty much judging this purely on the basis of food quality for the dollar.  Having said that, we loved the mango fruit salsa, the quinoa salad, and AAAH, the sweet potato fries.  I really enjoyed the grilled salmon and my wife liked the vegetable quiche, though I found it a bit bland.  The service was efficient, the atmosphere a little cold, and the dessert selection too sparse.  As long as you don't have a carnivore in your party, it's a very interesting place to check out, with enough variety to entertain you.  If I were vegan, I'd go here a lot.
4	Nourish was as pleasing to the eye as the menu was pleasing to the pallet. With a laid back personality, it fits right in in Scottsdale. It's located on the bottom floor of a delightful multi-level housing development. Once you get over the parking...it's located underneath Nourish in the same garage that homeowners use (hint: go left)...and find your way back to the main level all is right with the world. Nourish appears to have been created for the health conscious since it consists of gluten-free and vegetarian fare. It boasts of "comfort food with a healthy twist." I ordered the Spicy Mango Avocado Salad with Ahi Tuna and was very happy to find that the tuna was cooked exactly like it should be. Service was pleasant. If you are looking for a casual restaurant with fresh ingredients this is the place for you.
4	Today I went with a few coworkers to Nourish and we had the Salmon burger, Teriyaki Burger and the Herb Chicken Sandwich if I remember correctly.I hadn't had the salmon burger before and will likely get it in the future.  Very good sandwich.  My coworker who had the Teriyaki burger said it was good, but he likes the southwest burger better (VERY GOOD) and the coworker who had the Herb Chicken said it "kicked ass".  The lunch was good as always and Kirstin's presence always makes for a fun time.  She is great fun and seems like a very nice person who enjoys running a restaurant.
3	I so very much wanted to push this to 4 stars, but I just can't.  I probably would push it to four if I was more into stuff like Jicama and Quinoa.  I can certainly respect those who go batty over ultra-healthy gluten-free food, I just happen to NOT be one of them, so my taste buds are not properly calibrated for a balanced review of Nourish's offerings.  I still may revise this to 4 stars based on my next visit.  It is that close of a call for me!!Basis:  About 8 visits due to proximity to my office.The Good:  About 1/2 of the entrees (including the unique pizzas, the rice bowl, and the salmon) and about 2/3 of the appetizers (especially the mac'n'cheese and the very uniquely presented hummus, with pita and carrots).  The salads look great.  Drink Menu is impressive, nice retail section for beer and wine.  Can't say enough about the staff (or the ever-present owner) - they are really great folks, very helpful friendly.  The gentleman who usually tends the bar there is quite skilled.  They have Crusoe Spiced Rum here...that's some hard to find stuff!Oh, and the location is in PRIME Scottsdale, in one of its most visible office and residential complexes (the Optima).  Great, clean decorThe Bad:  The remaining entrees and appetizers aren't uniformly bad, but the taste and quality can be awfully uneven.  On a peak time visit, the apricot/chipotle meatloaf was sadly presented and had poor texture and flavor, and my wife's order of quiche was far too soggy.  On an off-peak visit, the quiche was significantly better.  Kitchen and staff can get overwhelmed at peak times (but are so very speedy on off-peak times).  There is also a decided lack of "unhealthy" items for the fat-seekers in a large group.  Unisex bathroom.  The Ugly:  Parking can be a complete mystery here if you don't know what you're doing and if the Valet isn't present.
5	Healthy eating has never tasted so good.  Kirstin, the ever present owner,  has hit a home run with her restaurant. I'm not usually a super healthy eater, but I found the menu diverse and tons of things to choose from. It helps that they have a ton of cool micro-brew type beers too, not to mention a full bar.  Plus, I love a place that allows you to try a few things at once, a la the tapas plate, which allows you to choose a few apps.  I had the mac n cheese, tuna, ginger long grain rice (obsessed) and sweet potato fries. Great place and great location - loved the complimentary valet parking.
3	Very health-conscious restaurant. I feel judged by all the residents because it literally resides in their basement but its a great switch up for breakfast if you ever get tired of fried eggs, bacon, and chicken fried steak. Kinda pricey but you pay for the quiet time.
5	In a word, WOW!  Nourish is fantastic - healthy, delicious, and provides many options for those with food allergies or vegetarian|vegan food preferences!  A new favorite!
1	Terrible service! It took TWO HOURS to have our food served, get the bill paid, and leave during the lunch hour. My coworker's salad was served with no dressing at all. It took the waiter 10 minutes to bring us a balsamic replacement. Unacceptable.The food was only so-so - the southwestern spicy burger looked like a frozen patty.
5	If you want healthy food that's delicious, this is the place to go. The menu is full of choices! There's a color key on the menu that indicates which menu items are safe for those with different food intolerance's. Where else can you go that they would put that information on the menu? Kirstin, the owner, is awesome! She very knowledgeable about food intolerance's and nutrition. She is typically available to answer any questions. We attended the "Dinner with a Doc" food allergy seminar, and it was very informative. If you get the chance, check the calendar for upcoming events. They're definitely worth the time and money!! I will definitely be back as often as possible!!
3	So...the food was good, very good even, but I have some complaints.  I would like to preface this review with the fact that I was overly excited to try this place.  I would say my overall feeling about Nourish is that I felt as if I was being 'sold' on an idea...does that make sense?  I went for brunch and had the egg/avocado sandwich w/cheese ($10), a coffee ($3), a side of fruit ($6.5). and a cinnamon role to go ($6 for just one and rather small).  Most everything seemed overpriced, even for Scottsdale, and I felt I was being 'up sold' on everything I ordered.  They was even an add in fee for plant extract in water.  The atmosphere & service was nice, but when I asked the server the 'quality of their animal products' he wasn't sure.  I later went onto their website to check it out, and they do have very high quality animal products, although it would have been nice to know there.  All in all, it was good, but I don't think I will be going back.
2	The food here wasn't horrible but the service sucked and was very slow. It took over an hour to get our food once seated. Stay away from the pizzas...they are like dense cardboard. The burger was pretty good but overpriced for what it was.
5	Cute little space, close to great shopping but... the BEST menu we have ever seen for people with food allergies!  Every single dish is labeled with all the major allergens, as someone who has to live gluten-free, it literally brought tears to my eyes.  This is a menu that all restaurants should be modeled after.  We were seated on the patio & given an enticing menu of drinks to choose from.  Our cocktails were delicious!  Our food was fantastic - we did a sampler of a bunch of appetizers based on our servers recommendations & quickly ate everything up.  We really loved the skinny baked sweet potato fries! My main course was the Tuscan Chicken Salad - it was amazing!  I wish I could upload photos to show you how fresh & delicious it was.  If you have food allergies or are looking for a healthy place to eat, there is no better place in Scottsdale, much less most of America.  We can't wait to go back to Scottsdale to eat at Nourish again!
2	I really wish this place was better - at first glance it's a gluten free diner's dream (I have celiac). Having eaten at Nourish on 3 separate occasions, it's decidedly "meh."The menu is nicely varied and has a number of excellent options for anyone with specialty diet needs. I really applaud the owner for putting this place together - though the space is somewhat oddly shaped (the entryway is not inviting) they do have an OK decor.The service however is the breaking point - it is very poor. The food has gotten to me cold 2 out of 3 times, we were rarely checked on by server and they were very slow to get the bill 3 out of 3 times. During lunch hour time is of the essence for working individuals, this is obviously not a priority at Nourish. Additionally, price/amount of food ratio is out of whack on a few dishes, nobody likes to spend a lot and walk away hungry. They have promised a new menu beginning in April 2011, I hope some of these problems will be addressed then.
5	Amazing menu that caters to many dietary needs. If you're a vegan, vegetarian, or gluten free this is a must try! Park in the underground lot below the restaurant.
3	This is a great place for people who are tired of analyzing menus for hidden allergens because they have food sensitivities. It is not, however, a great restaurant for people who are looking for a great meal in general. It fills a niche, but if you're not in that niche, it is solidly mediocre.We tried Nourish last night for dinner. Overall, the ambience is lovely, with the surrounding Optima landscaping sending wafts of perfumed air down onto the comfortable patio. I think there was only one server, and he did a fine job, but we would have appreciated quicker service, since we were trying to get to Tempe for a show and informed him of that at the outset. The food was good with an asterisk. As mentioned above, if you're used to not being able to eat anything on a menu because of food issues, this place is probably a Godsend. However, none of us has allergies and we all felt that our menu items were OK at best, and downright bland in some cases. There was simply nothing that stood out as amazing, or even memorable. Finally, I have to make a comment on the dinnerware. The plates were very cute and obviously chosen by someone with an eye for design. The same can be said for the general decor of the restaurant and the furniture. So why, I ask, were we given flatware of similar quality to the local elementary school cafeteria? You know, the kind you'll find wrapped in a paper napkin at the hole-in-the-wall Mexican dive that you can bend with one hand. The kind that has forks whose tines are practically in the same plane as the handle and are almost always slightly bent so that you get that uncomfortable sensation of biting a tine that you didn't expect to be so close to your teeth...I was actually really perplexed by this phenomenon, in case you hadn't noticed. Also, some people at our table had forks that didn't even match the rest (but equally poor quality.) The only thing I can think of is that they were trying to continue to the general theme of recycling/reusing/employing good karma practices, and they've repurposed the flatware from a kid's play-set or something. Probably won't be back. Sorry, Nourish, I applaud your efforts and the spirit of your endeavor, but you just didn't wow me.
2	To be quite honest, i wasn't very impressed.  I just finished having dinner here with a friend of mine and we were both a bit surprised.  It's a Wednesday night, and slow.  The service was really quite terrible.  I feel bad for saying that because I have been a server and i know how difficult it can be sometimes but, there was hardly anyone in there with us and we never got checked on during our appetizer or meal.  It took forever to get our main dishes and to get them cleared/get our check.We shared the Healthy mac & cheese as an appi and didn't enjoy it very much despite the menu's description of it being 'full of flavor'.  I ordered the Teriyaki veggie burger which wasn't too bad but wasn't something i think i would ever crave later on.  My friend had the 1/2 chicken and seemed to enjoy it but when i asked her how it was she said she would give it a 4/10-she was just really hungry.  I am inclined to give it an other try from the reviews i've read and order something new next time-but for the moment  i'm thinking i'll be sticking to this opinion for a while.  Will write a follow up if i decide to give it a second try.
3	I was excited about trying Nourish because it is difficult to find a place that serves many organic, gluten free options. The entire menu is pretty much gluten free.  However, I was a bit disappointed. The food wasn't bad but it also wasn't that great.  The preparations are really simple and it left me feeling as if I could have done the same or better myself.  That's not the kind of experience I want when I go out to eat. Also, the chicken I ordered had a bloody vein in it that made my entire piece of chicken bloody when I cut into it.  When I called it to the attention of the server he offered to microwave the chicken for me and then told me that that's the kind of thing one must expect when one consumes animals.  Seriously?! I doubt I will be going back any time soon...or ever.
5	I went here looking for a good, filling meal, and I was definitely satisfied! I was with a friend and for our starter we ordered the Tapas Plate, and for our 4 choices, we chose their Mac and Cheese, Long Grain Rice, Sweet Potato Fries, and Artichoke Hummus. Everything tasted delicious and very fresh. Just visually, everything was very appealing right off the bet, bright colors, and good presentation. The dip that was served with the fries was some type of fruity glaze, with smoky undertones, that made my taste buds very happy. The mac and cheese was especially good! They use a quinoa pasta (?) and mix in a variety of veggies, which the result is a perfectly cheesy, fluffy dish. For our main course, we shared the Tuscan Chicken Pizza. Think crust, good chicken, sun-dried tomatoes, and a mayo-pesto drizzled over it all. The pizza was cooked very well, and all the flavors complimented each other. Then, for dessert, we had the cinnamon bun. okay, I grew up eating Cinnabon, and have had a variety of other cinnamon buns, and this is truthfully one of the best I've ever had. The glaze was generously poured on top, and the bread was perfectly soft, and it was just hot enough. If you can't infer from my description, I slept very well after that meal.The restaurant itself is in the Optima Apartment Complex near Fashion Square, and the pseudo- Hanging Gardens adds to a nice ambiance. The service is great and all the waiters were nice and efficient. Also, there was live music on the Friday night I went, a talented, guitarist/singer. Overall, Nourish was a great experience and I'll no doubt be back there soon!P.S. There's COMPLIMENTARY valet, a nice convenience :)
3	It was quite good.  My wife has gone gluten free so we are always on the lookout for a good breakfast that hits this mark.  Nourish did that with the Vanilla waffle and the Raspberry-Jalapeno syrup, they just need to give you more of it!   More syrup, the healthy waffles need the extra kick to make you think it's a treat not just being healthy.  The cinnamon roll was outstanding!  I'll check it out again.The Setting in Optima is outstanding!  For only a buck or two more than a gross IHOP is worth it alone.
2	I want to like Nourish - I really do.  I don't have any dietary restrictions, but I try to eat healthy and maintain a healthy lifestyle.  So, living at The Optima, I was delighted when this restaurant opened up.  Sadly, it has not lived up to my expectations.  The portions are small.  The prices are high (and have gotten higher in the year since they opened).  The dinner menu is extremely limited in terms of its selection of entrees.  The service is slow and lacking attention (both dine-in and take-out).  And, for those of you dining in, be prepared to eat your meal with a "spork" (spoon + fork).  No knife or adult flatware for you.  While the menu items available are fairly tasty, they are not tasty enough to balance out the small portions and high prices.  In addition, the couple of menu items that are actually more substantial in nature (turkey meatloaf, pasta and meatballs, etc.) have been removed for the summer months.  So, if you thought it was hard to get a filling meal during the winter, you can absolutely forget about it now.  Please note that I am a 130lb woman and routinely leave this restaurant starving.  In summation, I would say that unless food allergies or other dietary restrictions prevent you from dining elsewhere, skip it.  There are a lot of great restaurants in Scottsdale.  This is not one of them.
3	I love all the possibilities on the Nourish menu!  It's nice to have so many options in terms of dietary needs.  The southwestern burger was okay, not crave-worthy.  I don't think I'd try it again.  The sweet potato fries were absolutely delicious.  They made the trip to this hard-to-find restaurant worthwhile!  I regret not ordering a second portion.  However, it meant I had room to try the lemon cheesecake (completely vegan).  I was pleasantly surprised.  I didn't think it was possible to make a tasty non-dairy cheesecake with a gluten-free crust but they managed.  I've been wanting another slice all day!   In short, I'll return.
4	I couldn't wait to to try Nourish with a vegetarian friend of mine. We went around 5:30pm on a Tuesday night and sat on the patio. After debating over which yummy app to get, we decided to start with their take on Mac and Cheese. It was a small portion and we all fought to finish it. I had the pepperoni pizza and cinnamon roll for dessert (which I LOVED and need to go back and get asap). Service was good and so was the food. I'm looking forward to going back and trying something else they have to offer.
2	Bland and lackluster food that is not worth the price or the wait to get it.  We had lunch at Nourish a few months ago and while we weren't overly impressed, as they do serve healthy food that is in line with our whole foods, plant-based eating habits, we decided to give them another shot and went for brunch a few weekends ago.  I ordered the egg sandwich, which is described as an air-fried egg, avocado, and tomato on a gluten free bagel with a side of sweet potato hash.  As I have never found gluten free bread products to be very mouth-watering, I asked to substitute multi-grain bread in place of the bagel, as the bread had previously been the best part of the lunch sandwich that I'd had.  The server informed me that they were out of bread (how does a restaurant run out of bread when half of their menu items are sandwiches? very poor planning by management) and that the only other item available was a wheat bun, which I opted for.  My husband ordered the veggie quiche, which is described as zucchini, asparagus, caramelized onion, parmesan, and a quinoa crust. After an incredibly long wait (the restaurant was less than 1/3 full), our food finally arrived.  My egg sandwich was by far the most flavorless breakfast item I have ever consumed.  The air-fried egg had sounded appealing as it would be healthy and not greasy, which was the case, however I didn't realize that this also meant there would be absolutely no seasoning on it or flavor to it at all.  The sweet potato hash was downright disgusting and I only consumed a cube or two of the mushy, flavorless heap that was on my plate.  As bad as my meal was, my husband's veggie quiche definitely won the award for worst breakfast item ever tasted.  The "quinoa crust" which we were looking forward to as we love quinoa dishes, was actually undercooked quinoa mixed throughout the entire quiche with no visible crust present, which gave the whole thing a granular texture equivalent to fine gravel having been poured into the dish.  The vegetables almost appeared to be ground up as there was just an overall green appearance to the egg portion with no discernible pieces of the veggies described on the menu actually present.  The dish in general had a strange taste and the off-putting texture from the quinoa was more than I could handle even in just the one bite that I tasted.  I honestly don't know how my husband even managed to choke down the portion of the quiche that he did.We also each had two bloody marys while we were there and while each took an incredibly long time to get, the first one was flavorful and seemed to be made "extra spicy" as we requested, however, the second one was flavorless and tasted like watered down tomato juice.  While Nourish has a nice patio and offers a view of the lush foliage present in the complex, these elements are not enough to bring us back after we left with our tastebuds reeling in horror over the flavors, or lack thereof, of our brunch.
3	Lots of healthy options, and very gluten-free friendly. Kind of a weird location, hidden in the innards of those jungle-looking condos by Fashion Square that you always drive by and think, "G-d, those must be amazing!"We went for lunch on a Saturday afternoon, and there were about 3 tables, one of which already had their food. Our entrees took a while to come out, and were decent-- we had the Quiche with Spinach and Bacon. The quinoa crust was a big strange and tangy, but the fruit on the side was perfect, as was the appetizer of sweet potato fries.The atmosphere was just so dead, and the servers were nice but didn't do much to liven it up.Try it if you're in the area and want (for the most part) feel-good food. I heard the Cinnamon Rolls are amazing-- and as they should be, they're 330 calories per serving, and one roll is 2 servings!
3	Menu looked amazing, especially with all the colr circles to let me know what was vegan, gluten-free. But, the food was not up to the expectations. Kale salad looked gorgeous, I even took a picture, but couldn't taste the lemon vinaigrette & the other two dressings I tried were not close to my taste preferences. Was so hoping the gluten-free pizza would rival Picazzo's since being vegan rules out the eggs used at Picazzo's. I really should have had my brain working better when the toppings listed on the Optima were hummus & other veggies. Nothing like a pizza, except maybe at a raw restaurant but there you know your not getting anything resembling an Italian or American pizza. It wasn't bad, I actually liked it when I decided to think of it as a veggie appetizer on a cracker. Chili was more like soup than the rich thick bean-full dish we were expecting. Service was quick & friendly. Finding it was ridiculous since the yelp app on iPhone took us to a residential neighborhood about a mile and a half away, nowhere near Scottsdale Road but the street name was correct. That really needs to get fixed for other out-of-towners to not be driving in circles around a bunch of single family homes.
4	I feel that "Nourish" is an apt name for this cozy little restaurant.  I remember walking out of there after our meal feeling well-fed but not stuffed and achy.  The very next day my body was detoxing, it was lovely!The concept behind Nourish is a simple, yet complex one.  The owner opened this restaurant due to her own food allergies and challenges eating out.  The result is a colorful menu of highly nutritious foods ranging from gluten free to lactose free to egg free - just to name a few.Getting to the eatery was easy, as free valet parking was offered virtually right outside the restaurant.  However, underground parking was also available.It appeared that there was one server, and a bartender who served dual purposes in bringing out the food and manning the register as well.  Despite the small size of the restaurant, I was surprised at the small amount of staff present - we certainly had to wait a while until anyone came to the table just to take a drink order.  I finally had to get up and approach our server.Staffing issues aside, I really love this menu!  Being the kind of person that does not count calories or seeks out healthy alternatives to my dining habits, I was pleasantly surprised.I started with the "Sacred garden iced tea" with white tea, lavender, skullcap, spearmint, and tulsi.  According to the menu, this blend is specifically designed to sharpen the mind and promote relaxation.  It was served on the rocks, with free refills, and I ordered it with simple syrup - making it complex and sweet and very refreshing!  Not to mention relaxing...My partner ordered the "Summer Breeze" with sencha green tea, orange peel, hibiscus, fresh ginger, and peppermint.  This said is said to help with digestion, ease tension, and boost immunity.  I love that there are unique non-alcoholic options, especially that we can take home our favorite tea blends in a tin (retail purchase option).  There are some very unique cocktails offered here as well - such as the Organic Mojito or the Rootbeer Float Martini made with Nourish-made Vanilla infused organic vodka, oogave organic rootbeer, and coconut milk.  The wines and beers are either organic, local, gluten-free, or eco-friendly.To get a good sense of the place, we started with the Tapas plate.  For $13.50 and a choice of four items, we felt it was a great value.  Our selections were Roasted root veggies (sweet potatoes, parsnips, and beets roasted with thyme, salt and pepper), Sweet potato and avocado salad with their divine Asian salad dressing, Roasted spaghetti squash with marjoram, sage, salt, and pepper and olive oil, and air fried sweet potato fries served with apricot chipotle dipping sauce.  My partner loves root vegetables, and they were prepared in much the same fashion as he makes them at home.  We loved our choices.  For us, it was a lot like healthy comfort food.  The vegetables were seasoned well, the sweet potatoes wonderfully crispy, the sweet potato and avocado salad incredibly delicious!  It came with black beans, and the Asian dressing on the salad gave it a seasoned sweetness.  I was also impressed with the generous portions of avocado, knowing that the average cost of an avocado right now is about $1.50.The majority of the menu items are salads and sandwhiches.  There are meatless options such as the "Nourish Sweet Teriyaki Burger" a  Chickpea and sweet potato burger mixed with almonds and topped with cucumbers and drizzled in a sweet teriyaki sauce.  There are also meatier choices such as the Gourmet Beef Burger, which I feasted on.I enjoyed the corn fed burger, which was served on a gluten free bun.  The beauty of this was that the bun never got soggy and held its own throughout the entire experience.    The meat had a gorgeous charcoal-grilled flavor, and with the bacon and provolone add-ons I was extremely pleased with my selection.  I have to make mention here of "Nourish's" incredible salad dressings.  There are about a dozen choices, and all of them can be purchased and taken home.  I ordered the Lemon-aioli dressing with my side salad and it was by far one of the most delicious dressings I have ever enjoyed on a salad.My partner had the Glazed Roasted 1/2 Chicken Dinner.  It was a gorgeous marinated then roasted chicken glazed in Nourish-made apricot chipotle.  Served with asparagus and roasted root veggies, it had a juicy and flavorful taste and its sides complemented the entree so well.There were many more options on the menu such as pizzas and quiches, as well as breakfast offerings.  The menu itself has very educational information about the nature of the ingredients, as well as why it takes a bit longer for the food to come to the table.  Why?  The majority of the items on the menu are made to order and made fresh, to accommodate a variety of special food needs.In closing, "truly good food is worth the wait," and I felt that our food was definitely worth waiting for.
2	The area is cute and the menu is good. Parking was relatively easy.  The restaurant is pretty small but appeared cute and intimate. With all that said, we ordered take out, which was mediocre and waaaay overpriced for what was given.  It really wasn't very good (cold and mushy).  Pretty disappointed.
3	Just a quick update on Nourish since it's been over a year since my initial review... First thing first - I'm so happy that Nourish has survived for over a year now in this economy and with their slightly high prices.  I've been back a handful of times over the year and for the most part, I've enjoyed my meals there (even if my pocket book has not).  My favorite menu item is the sweet potato and avocado salad.  I like their lemonade / arnold palmer as well, and I enjoyed the salmon when I ordered it recently.  If you are searching for something healthy and have any diet restrictions, the beauty of nourish is that they will work with you to find exactly what you're looking for.  However, if you don't have diet restrictions or cravings, you can likely find something just as delicious and more moderately priced elsewhere.All of that said, Nourish seems to have a niche market and I'll continue to pop in every now and again for a healthy meal or when my body is asking for that sweet potato avocado salad!
4	Once I found the place (tucked into a corner in a condo center, weird) I enjoyed the place.  Really caters to those trying to avoid certain foods for whatever reason, vegan, gluten free, ect, and does it incredibly well.  The menu clearly lays out which each selection has in it, whether that be eggs, gluten or whatever.  Since it was our first time we started with the air baked sweet potato fries which had cinnamon and nutmeg and was served with a sweet/spicy dipping sauce, then came the green chili chicken soup which was a little thin as far as consistency, but the flavors were good .  For the entree I had the mango, black bean salad with chicken.  It had sweet juicy mango with white meat chicken, black beans, raspberries and served with a tasty lime dressing.  It was so delicious!  To top it off I ended with a vegan/gluten free brownie, I have no idea they got the flavor and texture so right without all the ingredients I would normally associate with a brownie.  Truly a mystery.  Can't wait to return.  Like some previous yelpers, I did have a slight problem with the seemingly dis-interested wait staff.  Had to ask for refills repeatedly.
2	The first time I ate at Nourish I was unimpressed. I wanted to like it so much that I went back, but I left feeling the same way. I have food allergies and believe that healthy, vegan, gluten free food can and should taste good. Aside from the sweet potato and avocado salad everything my husband or I tried was very bland and unsatisfying. I left wanting more..
3	I really wanted to love this place more than I did.... It isn't that I did not like my food (with the exception of a NASTY dessert), or that anything was not as described in the menu description. It was just kind of... "I can most certainly make this at home." kind of food. The sweet potato and avocado salad is great yes, but again, nothing you can't do at home with basic cooking skills. I ordered the Kale salad with berries and walnuts and man this thing was HUGE for 10! I am a huge Eat-salad-As-Meal girl and this thing probably took me 45 minutes to masticate. Tons of toppings but I will say the kale needed some major work with the dressing. There wasn't a lot and it did not soften the greens the way most vinaigrettes are expected to with kale. On another occasion I got the Kitchen Sink Salad, and, meh, it was very boring. I wouldn't get it again.Now, I have to say a word about the dessert we ordered: the Chocolate Torte with pieces of special local chocolates mixed in. THIS WAS DISGUSTING. Honestly it was like a grainy, sugarless, absolutely flavorless thing I have EVER had. They should be completely embarrassed to be serving this piece of shit. Ugh. My girlfriend had the bacon and spinach quiche which was also a huge portion. The small side of fruit made the meal seem a bit incomplete but... whatever.  The food was served quickly, good service, no complaints there. It's definitely mostly a casual, lunch type place than a trendy place for a nice long, slow dinner but I would probably return.
3	The philosophy is admirable, and it's great that valley has a food-allergy friendly joint like this... but if you do have food restrictions, you probably know how to cook for yourself. Assuming you can do that, many of the dishes at Nourish are the kind of thing that, while often nutritious and potentially tasty, evoke a certain... "Weeelllll, I coulda made that..." response.On the whole, though, it's still a nice way for dietarily restricted folks to enjoy a night on the town. Plus, at a place that can cater to everyone, no one ends up getting left out of the nommin' fun.
2	If you're looking for a healthy meal with tons of Gluten Free or Lactose Free options - Nourish is your place. I was dining with my friend Michelle who had come off of a massive pig-out stooper and was looking for a lighter, healthier dining experience. I ordered the eggplant Parmesan and it was good although maybe because I am pregnant I couldn't really get into it as much as Michelle was. She had the protein burger and enjoyed it as well. I will say the atmosphere isn't anything special and because of it's size it can be a bit noisy inside. It is tough to access the restaurant because it is located in the Optima in Scottsdale so parking is in the underground garage. The service is great and the friendly staff help make it a pleasant experience it just wasn't a place that I was head over heals for....
4	If you have dietary restrictions or are insanely health-conscious (like me), YOU MUST TRY NOURISH.This is an amazing culinary experience for two reasons. First, if you are looking for exceptionally healthy food or have dietary-restrictions, you have a multitude of yummy choices.  The organic-y menu ranges from special dietary needs (Gluten-free, Egg-free, Dairy-free, etc.) to proteins from Vegan to Free-Range Meats.   All foods are well marked for dietary-restrictions.   Yesterday, we had a great roasted chicken and hamburger (gf bun--burger was a bit bland and dry but wifey was happy just having meat, since I do the cooking for us.)  The quinoa is quite tasty too.  The sweet potato-avacodo salad is great, as are the fries.  The 'free' cucumber water is very refreshing, to which I have adopted having a pitcher in my own kitchen.The second reason the kitchen is REALLY COOL is that it is a COLD kitchen, with no ventilation.  Food is pre-cooked in kilm-like ovens, then when ordered, the prep work is to put into 800 degree Air-Fryers (and yes, no oil is used, it's an air dryer that looks like a jet-turbine engine).  It makes awesome fries and crispy skins on chicken.  Some done-ness variation does occur in this process; nonetheless, it works well for restaurants with not exhaust.p.s.  Thanks for the tour.
4	Definitely not a place that I would jump off my seat to try...but that is because I thought that it didn't cater to my palette :)I went to Nourish yesterday for an event at lunch.  I wish that this place was easier to find...because I think that they would have a bigger clientele if they did.  Completely hidden....if I didn't valet I never would have found it.Like I said, I am not a big fan of places like this...the healthy food establishment.  But I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised.  I ordered the potato and bacon soup that was really good, though I have to say it didn't look appetizing.  Lots of bacon!  I then had the salmon burger for my entree....interesting that it didn't come with a bun.  I really liked the burger itself...though was not a fan of the eggless coconut mayo that they had.  And the sweet potato fries that came with were very tasty.  (And the sauce that came with it was actually top notch!)My only other complaint is the service.  While the servers were on top of everything...isn't it possible to do it with a smile on their faces?
5	Roasted chicken with apricot glaze was perfect! Perfectly moist with delicious flavor.
5	I love Nourish! Yes, it may not be the easiest place to get to, but the building it's in, is awesome. I admire the Optima Camelview every time I drive past it. Next, Nourish is small and not very fancy but so what? The menu is confusing because of all the color coded dots, but the options are fabulous! My husband is an amazing chef and he can make me these dishes at home, but who wants to constantly eat at home??I'm just surprised at all the tough reviews for Nourish. I thought the food was great, very clean tasting and no, I wasnt full when I left. You are supposed to eat for fuel not for full, am I right?  This is a great little establishment for some fantastic allergy-free food. Hence the name "Nourish" , I would say the name is fitting.  I say definitely give it a try if you have any dietary restrictions or if you just want some really clean, good for your gut and soul, food. Oh yes, and the mojito was one of the best I've had in the Valley!! Ill be back soon!
5	Outstanding restaurant. I know it is dedicated to people with food allergies but that equates to real food for people without all the persevatives. It has great options for gluten free but the diverse menu is for everyone. It has great salads,pizza's and hamburgers. It's real its 100 percent real  food. It doesnt have this weird menu like vegan places have and the food tastes better then cardboard.the ambience is real nice. I know some people complain about the price but it's not really expensive and remember it's real food. Most restaurants serve crappy unhealthy food. You get what you pay for.You will rarely see the typical big fat american eating here. If you value what you put in your body then this is a great place to eat. My favourite dish is the chilli with grass fed beef. I also love the ahi tuna salad.It's one of my favourite places to go eat. Try it.
3	Oooo, I love a chic restaurant!  This place is gorgeous.  As other reviewers noted, this place is hidden away.  And the complex is a maze, but when you finally make it to the restaurant, you are pleasantly surprised.  It is very green all around and inside.  You would never think you were in Arizona.  It reminded me of Costa Rica...  Our Orders:Anne Boleyn Hot Tea & Herbs: really smooth and flavorful, served in a cute teapotHealthy Protein Burger: good, the air-fried sweet potato fries were really good!Green Burger: goodTuscan Chicken Sandwich: good, large portionRed Velvet Cupcake: The cupcake itself was just ok, the icing was incredible, but it was a tad overpriced at $4.50 a pop.Lemon Cheesecake: greatIt was kind of hard to keep up with our server (didn't care for that), but on a positive note, the food did not take long to come out.  Solid food, beautiful ambiance.
5	We've been wanting to try Nourish for quite some time now, but the hidden location seemed to delay our ambition. Finally, we decided to make the effort! Ok, so if you don't know your way around the Optima condos (and who really does) you might want to allow extra time. We drove past it at first, then couldn't figure out where to park..etc, etc.. A few curse words later we found our way to the restaurant...aaahh. I have to say it was completely worth the effort. This place serves healthy delicious food, and the atmosphere and service was wonderful. You feel so relaxed there that you can quickly lose track of time. This will be definitely be a repeat spot for us!
5	I love this restaurant.I eat an incredibly strict paleo-ish diet which means I don't eat the following:canola oil, soy oil, sugar, flour, farmed salmon (served by virtually every other restaurant in town including True Food Kitchen), grain fed beef, and a host of other food.  It sounds awful, but believe it or not there is no limit to the number of incredibly delicious meals that can be made despite these limitations.  Unfortunately, these meals *almost* always have to be home cooked.  Restaurants simply have not gotten to delivering a pure, healthy meal.Well, that changed when I discovered Nourish.  Their menu consists of a variety of items that I can eat.  As a bonus, their food actually tastes great.There isn't much more for me to say: a restaurant that cooks healthy food that I can enjoy.  Given my incredibly strict definition of the word healthy (and I admit that this is a relatively subject label as the scientific research stands in the year 2012), Nourish is one of the few restaurants I can enjoy.  And so I love them.Other notes: the service was hit or miss when they opened but these days it has gotten a *lot* better, to the point where I rarely have a problem.
1	The most bland, expensive soup I have ever had.
5	love this place - quiet, simple, and delicious describes both the atmosphere and the yummy food.  Nice walk from the parking area to the restaurant.
4	Good food, especially for people with allergies! The service was lacking, the female waitress wasn't our server, however she did stop by frequently because our server was neglecting us. Also it would probably be more of a success if it was located downtown. Scottsdale is a little over saturated with resturaunts, Downtown is more focused on healthy food.
4	Came for dinner on a Thursday night, fairly busy with diners. Only two wait staff, took forever to order. Food was good. 4 stars because we have been before and it was excellent. Good, but not excellent this time. Tuscan chicken sandwich has great flavor, but is dry. Kitchen sink salad always good. Must have sweet potato & avocado salad.
5	Its nice to no longer have to drive around Scottsdale wondering where to eat when you want gluten free and vegan options along with healthy food.  First off, the root-beer float martinis are trouble.  We thought they sounded good and tried one- that turned into four!  I had the sweet potato and avocado salad side.  It was great I never would have thought it could be that good.  High protein burger was up next for dinner.  Never had one before, Glad I did! Really surprised me and I'd definitely have another.
5	Amazingly wonderful meals! Most are gluten free and very healthy.  I had the chicken pizza and it was made on a gluten free pita with a balsamic tomato sauce - it was terrific.  Great menu and super service.  You can't go wrong. Near the Scottsdale Fashion Mall - in the Optima Condominium project.
2	Struggling to find a healthy restaurant free of the most common food allergies I stumbled upon Nourish.  Although they make a great effort to provide diverse allergy friendly food they fail miserably with portion size and $$$.  I literally just ate a $10 "southwestern bowl" that I could recreate for no more than one or two dollars.  Do yourself a favor and just make something at home.  It will be significantly cheaper and will probably taste better.  I'd give one star if not for the fact that this is the only allergy friendly restaurant in my area.  Very disappointed!
3	I have eaten here several times and really like the food... I like the food choices and the tea!Sometimes the service is iffy...sometimes super nice sometimes like we're bothering them!I like that I can alter my order to continue to suit my food needs (gluten free, dairy free).
5	I am so happy this restaurant is in Scottsdale!  I recently changed to a plant based diet and on days I am craving a meal out, this restaurant has saved me!  I love so many of their dishes, the raw vegan cheescake is out of this world, a great bar, ambience, and staff that is knowledgeable and friendly.  I also appreciate they serve a variety of great food, which means I can take family and friends here and we can all eat what we love.
4	I heard about Nourish from buddies who like the weirdo at the table concept. I jumped on it, being an herbivore, and was psyched that this place apparently has a whole smorgasbord of tasty food I can eat that is also healthy. I picked up their chili on my lunch break and my buddy got one of the veg burgers.Unfortunately, here's why they lost a star. The beans were undercooked and chewy. I wound up having a few bites of the veggie burger and it's really tasty and came with a nice salad. Service was prompt and very friendly even though I came in just in regular jeans and an old t-shirt (all clean and whatnot, but super casual) and everyone inside was preoccupied between their prada and platinum credit cards. I even started a conversation with a couple who were waiting for takeout food and, I suppose to put it simply, food restrictions can pretty much make friends out of strangers.I'm definitely planning on coming back though, I feel like that was more of an off batch than anything and would very much like to try some of their other items.
1	First time eating at this restaurant with high hopes. The menu looked great and for me, it was a gluten-free paradise....until the food came. We ordered the tuscan chicken pizza, it looked and tasted like they popped it into the microwave, void of any taste with a soft, mushy crust. Our friends ordered the salmon with the same results. Luke warm and overcooked. Very cool environment except for the noise level, no acoustics to soften the sound so it's almost impossible to carry on a conversation. Not sure if we'll give this another try, too bad because it's in a perfect neighborhood location.
2	Service was great. They replaced our ginger spice cocktail coz we cudnt take the strong flavor (although we were Indians used to spices). That was sweet of them. Overall, after a big bill, We didn't like this at all. Mostly Food was dry and could use some flavor.  Honestly we won't go back. True food kitchen was way better in terms of taste. Mediterranean patti was too dry, Tuscan chicken sandwich was dry too. Sweet potato air fried chips were great. Kale salad was good too.
2	I wish the food were better. The food was either way over seasoned or bland. The good things we had were the sweet potato avocado salad and the sweet potato fries. The healthy protein burger was not awful, just boring.
5	If you are someone who actually gives a shite about the quality and wholesomeness of your food, you HAVE TO try Nourish. Clean, high energy food.  Gluten free and very creative.  The owners of this place obviously have HEART!  I understand the menu will be completely soy free soon and also offer some paleolithic options ... very, very interesting!
1	I agree with many of the reviewers....concept great, execution, POOR.  Flavors totally miss it.  Noise level intolerable.  This was our second time there...never again.
3	I've been here on several occasions and they are a decent option.  I've had salads and rice bowls mostly and they are really good.  The tuscan was not good at all, and the last time I went, I was happy to see it removed from the menu.  Give it a shot.  The service is great!
1	We too were excited to come here but were sadly disappointed.  First please be advised it is not handicap accessible.  There are no elevators which lead from the parking garage up to the restaurant and the stairs are very dangerous and extremely hot due to the fact they are metal.  In the restaurant, The chairs are made of wood and are very hard and very uncomfortable.  The menu was hard to figure out for seniors and was not very easy to read or understand for seniors.  Do not believe the wait staff ever, they told us things which was not true for some of there items.  The apricot sauce which comes with the Sweet Potato fries is hot and spicy unlike the wait staff which said opposite, it burned my mouth.  Also the thing they call Vegetable Pasta on the side menu is not pasta, they are lying, it is cold stringy vegetables shaped like angel hair pasta but it is not pasta.... Their mayo if you order it with a sandwich has SOY in it which there wait staff did not even know mayo had soy in it.  The bowls of food are very small, the drinks are very expensive and lots of there items they sell you they get from their own little market rather than cooking it fresh.  The sweet potatoe fries were good but very salty and their grass fed burger was real good but we were disappointed in their flavor which was very lacking and in their whole concept of what they think good food is plus the wait staff not knowing about certain items was a bummer plus they are not too particular about looking nice and presentable as they looked like homeless people - I have never in my entire life ever been waited on my someone wearing a base ball cap so unprofessional.  MY advice make sure you ask about all he ingredients even the condiments as they were wrong about a few of their products especially the ones they grabbed from their market.  The music is a bit too loud and their apple crumble dessert was very good but more for breakfast then a dessert
2	I live in the complex where this restaurant is located and I'm not too impressed with the entire overall experience.  Service was meh, Food was okay (I had the Rice Bowl which was tasty) but the hummus side was no good.   Hummus was most likely out of date.  I do go back from time to time but I only get the rice bowl and when I don't feeling like cooking and leaving the complex.  The higher price, small portion sizes and overall service makes me give Nourish a less than filling feeling rating.  Take your hard earned cash elsewhere unless you live in the complex, are super hungry and don't feel like leaving to find food.
5	This place is probably close to a mecca for people that have dietary restrictions or prefer to eat gluten-free, vegetarian, etc, whatever. But I am a card-carrying carnivore and this place is quickly becoming one of my favorite restaurants.I'm really shocked to see less than great ratings in some of these reviews...but I am left assuming those patrons just didn't read the menu or ask their server for clarification before ordering. OR were looking for a greasy cheeseburger and were understandably disappointed with the entree they ordered here. Think fresh ingredients, lots of options and healthy choices. Always recommend getting the sweet potato fries with the spicy chipotle sauce (we brought home a bottle for $7). My girlfriend likes the protein burgers with a veggie burger or wild salmon and it comes on a bed of fresh greens. They now offer whole grain bread, rolls, brown rice tortillas, etc so you can order it as a sandwich or a wrap. You could probably except to satisfy any craving you have without feeling guilty on the way home. On of the things we like about this place is that the menu is creative. It can be a challenge to come up with exciting flavors and combinations when you're preparing nutritious foods and Nourish really has it down. It's not stuff I'd even think to make at home and it's reasonably priced. Food is consistently fresh and well prepared. Service is friendly but sometimes slow, although it seems to be getting better. I still wouldn't recommend coming here if you're in a rush.Other cool things about Nourish: pantry items like chips, drinks, local craft beers, cookbooks, lotions & soaps, etc. available for purchase. And their desserts are awesome. So good. Nourish is a great choice if you are looking for a healthy meal with lots of options, especially for people that have any type of dietary restriction. It's probably not a good choice if you are looking for something that's hugely processed, really cheap or super gluttonous because most the menu items are health conscious.I don't mean health conscious to imply the entrees are like diet food or aren't very tasty, it's just not the same dining experience as Chili's or Culinary Dropout so keep that in mind.There truly are not a lot of places like Nourish in the East Valley, it's a gem and you will find yourself coming back.
5	I went to this restaurant about a month ago with my fiance and was very pleased. I am GFCF and have a few other miscellaneous food intolerances and the staff were very knowledgeable and helpful. The food was very good AND healthy. My fiance who is not GFCF really enjoyed his food, so don't let the allergen-avoidance culture if you don't need to eat that way.. I'm sure you'll find something you like on the menu!
5	Love being healthy and eating here is easy to be healthy. I just recently started going here regularly. I didn't see the old menu but the new one is fantastic. Brown rice wraps are really good and you can put whatever you want in them. You do have to park underground and walk up but, hey adds to being healthy so don't mind the little walk. The sweet potato fries are cooked in air but are crispy like they were fried. Comes with a sauce i normally would not even try but works deliciously with it!
5	This place is so nice ! You feel relaxed , yet its still very nice.  Our server was awesome and very attentive without being overbearing.  He had a lot of knowledge of their menu and made a very awesome recommendation ! Love that you can add whatever you want to your meal - I added chicken ! :)
5	Holy crap this place is my new favorite restaurant.  What restaurant has a grass fed burger on the menu?! And for such a reasonable price!  I have tried a few things on the menu. Salmon burger, grass fed burger, Taro chips, avocado and sweet potato salad, the two paleo desserts, and the veggies in paleo pesto.  Very happy with everything.  Having a couple friends and family members with gluten allergies, this is just so EASY to go to and not even have to worry about special ordering! Everything is already healthy and gluten free.  Very happy.
1	I was here tonight with a group of 40 fellow convetion goers and the service was terrible.  We waited over an hour and our server never got around to taking our orders.  Many in our party began to help the wait staff bring out drink orders  because it was taking more than an hour.  The staff was very disorganized and got many of the orders incorrect.  We had a pre fixe menu set a week in advance for our group and it seemed they were unprepared.  After an hour and a half of waiting aound several tables paid and left for other nearby restaurants.  Our friends who stayed behind were apalled at the 20% mandatory gratuity.  Overall the worst dining experience many of us have ever had.  Absolutely inexcusable.  They should rename their restaurant Malnourish.
3	I went here with my mom for a birthday lunch. It was hard to find after parking in the underground parking but eventually we made our way into the small restaurant. The service and food were good but nothing very special. I would like to go back for happy hour after reading other reviews but other than that would probably not be in dire need to return.
1	If I could leave zero stars, I would.  Came here with a large group of 40+ for a dinner that was arranged with the restaurant weeks in advance.  When we arrived, they were still clearly unprepared (one of the guys on staff seemed entirely put out that we were there).  Rather than taking everyone's drink orders, they served one table (4-6 people) at a time.  Took almost an hour for my table to get drinks, and after an hour and a half, my table left to go elsewhere to eat because they hadn't even TAKEN our food order yet.  Considering this was a Tuesday night and the restaurant had few customers, you would think they would do a frigging jig about a large party coming in with a guaranteed dollar amount to be spent per head (due to the prix fixe menu that was put together for our group when the reservation was made).  Instead, we left hungry and irritated.
4	Came here with a colleague during our work training/seminar in Chandler area and she recommend this place for dinner.   Boy it was such a treat to see a wide selection on the menu of healthy choices.All dishes are gluten-free and soy-free; made from fresh ingredients.  =)The menu have different color icons that lets you know if it's dairy free, egg free, raw, vegetarian, vegan, etc.  In addition, if an icon is grayed out or crossed out, it means not recommended for anyone that has food allergy.Our favorites:*Mixed berry smoothie*Mango smoothie*Sweet potato and avocado salad*Glazed roasted 1/2 chicken*Veggie pasta*Tilapia*Dutch apple crumble*Chocolate torteI love their motto at the front of the entrance:1)  Nourish:  Feed your body, mind and soul2)  "One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well" - Virginia WoolfIf I'm ever in AZ again...I'll definitely hit up this place again.  =)
3	Their veggie pesto plate was good... but it wasn't special. I also had the black bean hummus which was a mistake. My brothers both had burgers, again, nothing to come back to, but nothing absolutely terrible. Their service is SUPER slow, and it's pretty pricey. On the plus side, it's pretty healthy, so if your desperate for a healthy meal but not necessarily a memorable one, come here.
2	Very uneven experiences!  My friend went to Nourish on Wednesday Feb 15, she liked the food and the service.  So I went with 4 friends on Thursday Feb 16 @ 11:30 and the only good thing I could say was that the setting in Optima is pretty...there was a serious shortage of help!  It took a very long time to get food, which was lukewarm except for burned sweet potato fries, all around us tables weren't bussed, people were very annoyed.  Only 2 waiters to cover all tables, so I can't blame the servers, rather management didn't plan on lunchtime crowds.   I think the menu is way too ambitious, the spinach quiche should be called "bacon quiche" , etc.  BUT again my friend tried Nourish on FRIDAY Feb 17 and said it was great, good service, warm food.  pretty funny, because I see the review by Michael S on the same day.  go figure
5	Whenever I travel, I always use Yelp (duh) to find vegan friendly places to eat. And I was so delighted to find this gem! I got the nut "meat" tacos with Jicama as the wrap. And with the tacos you got to choose a side (fantastic when traveling on a budget!) so I got the butternut squash. So yummy. I love my veggie carbs! I also could not resist a slice of raw chocolate cake. Raw desserts are my weakness. The cake was smooth and dreamy. Save room for this dessert or order to go.
4	I'm travelling this week and in the middle of a paleo challenge (from the Super Bowl til March Madness, eating strict paleo). The two combined make for an interesting challenge.  So, I turned to Yelp and found Nourish, which serves healthy, gluten free, soy free food.  Their menu is labeled for different allergens and diets including paleo; how awesome is that!Everything on the menu looked great, but I stuck to those that had the little paleo icon by them and got fish tacos on a jicama shell with the avocado and sweet potato salad.  The fish was nicely seasoned and the jicama shell was a really cool way to use jicama.  I do wish I had more pico and guacamole for the tacos, though.  The saldad was a nice juxtaposition of texture, the creamy avocado and the firmer sweet potato.  The desserts were just as good looking. I had the paleo dutch apple crunch which was good. The crumble topping, made of pumpkin seeds, flax and walnuts could have been a little sweeter, but I liked it just the same. The Chef's Choice gelato tonight was a Whiskey cream gelato, and that seemed cheat worthy (but I stuck to my paleo challenge).Overall, it wasn't too too expensive for healthy specialty food. Paleo, yummy, healthy and not overly expensive - all good things in my book!
1	Nourish used to be one of my favorite places since I'm gluten free. However they recently changed their menu and it isn't nearly as good as doesn't have close to as many options. The service is so poor on Saturday that it took forever to get our food, our table wasn't wiped from the party before and we'd asked them to numerous times to take care of it and my food wasn't prepared as ordered. Its so sad that such a great gem was reduced to this.
2	This place is just NOT what it used to be.  Ive tried it twice more, on the hope the bad food and service was a fluke.  Im sad to say they have not redeemed themselves and I wont be back for the ice cold chili (which is dangerous to serve btw), the overpriced little salads, and the rancid nut burgers. Something happened to this place, it was so good when they opened. I met one of the owners; talented and friendly.  Now even the menu looks like it came from a bad Chinese food restaurant. :o(
5	We were thrilled to find this gem on a recent trip to Scottsdale, Arizona. Amazing food, innovative menu, lovely patio and gracious staff. If you are GF and in Scottsdale, this is a must!
3	If you are looking for a healthy alternative to anywhere in the scottsdale/phx area you may leave this place feeling like you've lost weight.
3	This place is good for those with lots of dietary restrictions or who are real health nuts.  For the rest of us, the food is unmemorable and overpriced.
2	Nourish does serve a niche market for the "freaks" (this is their terminology in jest) at the table who are allergic to nuts, eggs, gluten, corn ... or who want to aim for a vegetarian, vegan, raw, or paleo diet.   I'm just not that in that niche.If you are in or interested in these niches, you should visit.   Do note, it's on the expensive side. Food is more nutritious than delicious.
4	good impression for a first time. although the place was frighteningly quiet for lunch time, we sat and ordered 4 small meals to try variety. avo and potato, veggie pasta, spring rolls, lemon hummus. all super healthy, but did lack in flavour and this is probably due to the substandard produce used. would be much better serving organic produce and food to add the flavour to the simple veggie and vegan dishes. hence their organic coffee was very tasty and worth the trip alone.good for those seeking a healthy vegetarian based meal to fuel your body... as oppose to a taste motivated experience.
2	I went there for the first time this weekend and wasn't very impressed. I got the mango and avocado salad with sunflower seeds and it wasn't terrible, but for a +$10 salad I was expecting something way better. What disappointed me most was the quality of the mangoes (It seemed as though they were either canned or frozen) and there wasn't that much avocado in the salad either. I see that there are good reviews here, so may be I'll come back and give the place a second chance one day, but not in the near future.
2	The food was good, but the service was lacking. We barely saw our server. The place was not busy at all, so I'm not sure where she was the whole time. We work in the same building as the restaurant and have an hour for lunch and ended up being late getting back. We had to ask for the check twice and even that took 15 minutes to arrive. To top it all off, our server gave herself a 20% gratuity for a table of 5 people in an empty restaurant. I always tip 20+ for even mediocre service... in this case I was considering 10-15% but certainly not 20%. I've never seen a place add gratuity for 5 people, and even when they do it's usually 18% at most. This place has potential, but the service was just NOT good.
2	I visited Nourish today with a couple of friends who were on their lunch break. They work in the same complex and have eaten there before, but it was my first time. I work in the industry and don't normally write reviews on Yelp, but my visit today warrants one.I only noticed two servers on the floor which seemed pretty fair for the number of customers in the building. Besides our table of five, there were two tables on the patio and one other inside, needless to say...it was not very busy, and we were the biggest party there. The service was curt, but I assumed the two servers on duty were busy taking care of other things so I didn't expect them to check on us every five seconds. Albeit, our server barely succeeded at the basics--our drinks weren't refilled until she noticed they were completely empty, and it took her longer than anticipated to grab our checks. (My friends were on a time limit and had to hunt her down to ask for them!) She finally brought everyone their checks and we noticed that she added a 20% gratuity to the bill, which baffled all of us. I understand the need for an automatic grat on a party of eight or more, but there was only five of us, and we definitely did not want to tip her 20% for her lackluster service. I'm still trying to figure out why this happened, as well as if I'll be back again or not.
4	We went here for the first time last night and were pretty happy with everything. Our four year old son has every allergy imaginable except for nuts and eggs so this place sounded like a good idea. The service was very slow but the waitress was pleasant. We ordered all the appetizers except for one. The Quinoa Tabouli was yummy but a very small portion for $6. The Lemon Hummus did not have much flavor but came with a nice sized plate of veggies so we were alright with it. The Air-Fried Sweet Potato Fries were really good and a big hit with my son. The Veggie Pasta was my husband's and my favorite and a very close second for my son. The Three-Bean Chili was cold, too spicy and gross. They had 2 differect kinds of iced tea and they were both good and came with free refills. I have to give this place 4 stars because all in all, we were very pleased with our meal and experience here. We will be back to try some different dishes.
4	Nourish is a ciliac, gluten-free, paleo, dairy free eaters dream come true.  Having a friend who is all of these, its hard to find a really fun, nuveau, place to take him.  This place has everything a normal trendy Scottsdale restaurant would have to offer, but all diet restrictions apply.  Even desserts.  He was in heaven to have banana cream pie.  Even my organic sangria tasted better than "normal".  Would definitely come again to try something a little more adventureous.  I ordered the Grass fed burger with air-fried sweet potato fries.  It was yummy.
4	I need to update my review.  I went to Nourish tonight and was pleasantly surprised.  In the past the food and my service have just been okay.  Tonight, my protein burger with a side of avocado and sweet potato salad were excellent.  Service was good too.  The menu has changed since the last time I visited too.  I will give this place a few more tries!
5	I ate here a few times when I moved into the condo complex upstairs and was unimpressed with Nourish.  Last week, I revisit nourish and was presently surprised!  So surprised, I need to update my review.  The menu and food have improved.  I had a protein burger and it was very good. My side of avocado/sweet potato salad was excellent as well.  This place will accommodate any food need (allergy/preference).  As a vegetarian, in plan to eat here more frequently now!
2	Took my BFF to Nourish for lunch for her birthday.  We had been eager to try the restaurant - she is vegetarian and we both really like fresh, healthy food - so this seemed like the perfect place. When we were trying to decide what to get, I asked the server for suggestions.  When I told her I was thinking of the spaghetti and meatballs, she made a face and told me to let her know how it was because she had been scared to try it.  Ummm, scared to try a dish on the menu at the place she works?  Hmmm....I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs anyway and it was very good.  I am not vegetarian but, I found the dish to be delicious and very satisfying. My friend ordered the Lemon Basil Pasta and the Air Fried Sweet Potato Fries.  The fries were delicious.  The Lemon Basil Pasta - not so much.  My friend got a few bites into her dish and she couldn't eat any more - said it was way too lemony.  So, I tasted it and couldn't believe it.  It was like they spiral sliced some veggies and then poured straight lemon juice on top.  Not just a little squeeze of lemon - there had to have been a half a cup of straight lemon juice poured on top.  It was lemon juice soup with some veggies.  It was inedible.  So, we told the server who was very nice about it and offered to exchange it for something different but by that point, my friends stomach was so sour, she didn't want anything else.  Then the owner came over and said she heard that we didn't like the pasta.  So, we explained that the straight lemon juice poured over the veggies was just way too much.  She asked us in a very defensive, slightly sarcastic manner if we didn't realize that the LEMON Basil Pasta would taste like lemon?  We were stunned.  Of course we realized it would taste like lemon but, had no idea they would take pure lemon juice and just dump it over the veggies.  The owner didn't offer any apology, explanation - nothing - just walked away.  The server did comp my friend's pasta dish but, I have to say, the owner's reaction was startling.  I follow them on facebook, love the concept of the restaurant, love the classes the offer and had been so looking forward to trying their restaurant but, I was pretty disappointed in the actual experience.
3	On a lovely, hot summer Tuesday, I was craving some of their raw nut tacos in a jicama shell, but was rejected by a locked door.  Hours of operation weren't posted so I didn't know if they were out of business or what.  I eventually logged on to the website and found out that they have special summer hours and they are closed Mondays and Tuesdays.  I also found out that the raw nut tacos that I was craving were no longer on the menu.  I attempted to revisit my dining experience on a lovely, hot summer Thursday with the $12 raw spaghetti and meatballs dish, this time I was successful in my attempt.  I was seated and given a glass of water promptly.  The meatballs were overly spiced, but worked well if I smashed it into the rest of the dish for even distribution.  The water tasted like it's not filtered at all and not a lot you can do with that, but put a lemon in it to mask the arsenic.The server asked if I wanted any dessert, so I asked for the menu and was pointed towards the chalkboard with the listed treats.  I opted for the banana strawberry chocolate cake with an undisclosed price.  When it was brought to the table the presentation was lacking, but even more so the strawberry topping was too tart to eat.  I took several bites and wasn't too thrilled with the lack of sensation it left on my taste buds.  It was not your typical endorphin inducing dessert.Service was good for only one server on the floor during slow hours and I don't have any complaints there.  The reason for 3 out of 5 stars (deductions as follows): -.5 points - hours not listed at the door-.5 points - invest in filtered water-.5 points - undisclosed price of dessert ($7)-.5 points - the flavor of the dessert___________________________________- 2 Stars
5	We have been here twice now and we love coming! It's really far from our home in Glendale but the (truly) healthy options are worth the drive!
5	Favorite place to go to in the Valley given I have a million food allergies. Never had a bad dish here and I've probably been a dozen times in the past 10 months. The service can be a little on the slow side, but I always go with good friends so it's not an issue.
2	Pretty limited menu. Order a bowl. Try the white tea. Don't order the salmon or the 1/2 chicken... Not worth it.
5	This place is genius in concept!  The menu is coded with every dietary need possible, but you can just order a cheeseburger as well.  This is NOT a Vegan restaurant, although it is often labeled as such.  It just has a lot of Vegan options.  It also offers options to Paleo Diet followers, which I have never seen before!  Great for those of you following Whole30 as well.  Lot's of options.  Great for dates or groups.  I will definitely be frequenting this place.  YUM, YUM, YUM.
5	As people with food allergies, this is the place to go. It was easy to choose - well as far as allergies go, the many delicious-sounding options made it harder. And everything was delicious! From the cocktails to the apps to the entrees to the desserts. And everything was healthy. You CAN have your cake & eat it too (even if you're gluten & egg free)!
5	Nice to have this very healthy option...Very good food and a comfortable setup..
5	{love} And I really could end my review there but I won't.Although gluten free, vegan, dairy free, etc seem to be common buzz words lately and all of the rage in dietary choicIes, some of us have to eat that way for healthy reasons. I love the idea of being able to go to a restaurant that has a menu that basically caters to what MY needs are. Perfect, right? The menu is easy to read and clearly states what each dish is (vegan, gluten free, etc), which is a huge help to not have to ask the staff "Are you SURE this doesn't have milk in it?" I also found the choice to be varied and the food was really tasty. I am a fan! Nourish is an example of why I love living in a big city. You can actually go out to eat and get quality, delicious food that is tummy friendly without breaking the bank. I can't wait to go back!!
2	Love that they have vegan options, love that they are educated about GMO's, food allergies, etc. and, I love their raw burger, well, I used to, I had it tonight and it was hard, like really hard. It used to be DELICIOUS!!! I picked up my food to go and waited quite a bit before anyone even said hello, or took my order. I noticed a couple of customers walk up to the bar to ask for service, one I know wanted more peanut sauce. Before I got my food a mother and son had walked out and they were both shaking their heads. It felt uncomfortable there. I was there a couple of months ago for lunch, had the same uncomfortable feeling but the food was great. And, several months ago I was there with my boyfriend on a Friday night and everything was good, I don't know what's going on. I will give it a little bit before I return, IF I return, I really do applaud the owners of their concept especially on the GMO issue.
3	This place is good, but overpriced.  Food has always been solid, but nothing overly exciting or creative.  I don't seek this place out, but will stop by when in a bind for a quick, healthy meal.
1	I hadn't heard of Nourish until one morning while flipping through the TV channels, I came across a segment on one of the morning magazine shows.  Being Vegan and gluten free, I am limited to restaurants and I'm always looking for something that can fit within my restrictions. After seeing the owner of the restaurant on the show I couldn't wait to try it. Three of us went one night for a birthday celebration.  We arrived at 7:30 pm.  We weren't sure where to go once in the door.  We assumed we were supposed to walk down the long unwelcoming hallway. We did and found a counter and a sign asking to wait to be seated. We waited and waited and waited...all the while we watched two Servers pass us a few times and neither one addressed us.  I wanted to give up and leave but my friend suggested we stick it out a bit longer.  Finally one of them told us to sit anywhere.  We did and again began to wait and wait and wait. Finally our Sever came to the table and handed us menus and walked away without saying a word.  We began another very long wait.  Once again I wanted to just leave but we thought we'd stick it out.  He came back and took our order.  Didn't ask if we had ever been there before and didn't offer to explain the menu.   For our appetizers we had sweet potato fries and the avocado and sweet potato salad.  The fries were good but a bit burned (not sure how that happens with air baking) and the salad was great.  For dinner we had the salmon and a rice bowl.  The salmon was way over priced and dried out and the rice bowl was inedible.  We did not see our Server throughout the meal. As if the poor service and bad food wasn't enough ...at about 8:15 pm, while there were four tables sat with dinner guests, the Servers put the chairs upside down on top of all the empty tables.  I could not believe it.  While people were still dining!  We were appalled.  New guests arrived and saw the tables and walked out.  I actually took a picture showing our table with our meals and the tables around us with chairs stacked on them.  Forty-five minutes before closing and while people were still trying to have their meals.  NOT GOOD! I thought that perhaps we just hit this on a bad night but apparently that was the norm.  I had dinner with a friend a few nights later and she shared that she and her husband had a very similar experience at lunch just a couple of days after we were there.  They, like us, will never go back.   Also, on a hygiene note:  clothing is very dirty, especially where people sit.  It is nasty to put a chair on top of a table...people eat their meals on the tables.  Think about that!  I realize that is common for cleaning floors in restaurants but it is disgusting! Especially in a place that's trying to be healthy. I would suggest to move the chairs from under the tables to clean the floors and keep them on the floor.  Never put them on top of the tables...that's just gross!  And if you continue to do it that way, for more than one reason, I would strongly suggest that you not do that while customers are in your restaurant.   A missed opportunity for this restaurant!  Never to return!
2	Ya know, when you've been there a few times and you've always tipped pretty well they should be able to give you a glass of water and a clean fork. If you want a pure vegan restaurant, this is not one. There is a high likelihood that the food that prepared your salad and soup was used to prepare someone's steak (as in real animal products are served here in addition to the 'oh, by the way, we're vegan' stuff). With the attitude of the wait staff (who should be playing professional football or hockey based on his completely unaccomodating demeanor) don't expect a great dining experience. If you don't mind the greasy cheap implements and the poor wait staff attitude, the very average, unexciting food is sure to put you in the mood...The mood to leave without eating your meal. This is stuff you can make at home. The flavors are ok. The texture is not epic.  There is nothing that I have seen that gives me a reason to continue paying about 50% more than I should for food I know how to make on my own. Well, maybe the high tech building they occupy is interesting. Save your cash.  Go elsewhere.  In fact, find a place that is ALL plant based so you won't get sick from the animal fat they didn't get cleaned off of your silverware too.
4	I'm so happy places like this exist. I have such a finicky diet nowadays with various adult intolerances...wtf happened to me? Anyways, places like this make it all better. Everything was GF, which was the best part. There were also a lot of super healthy unique dishes and ingredients to help one feel even better about their consumption experience. We ordered the sweet potato fries which came with an interesting apple spiced dip, kale salad with blackberries, figs, strawberries, etc. As well as a zucchini pasta with nut meatballs and a raw tomato sauce. This was especially good, but a smaller portion. There were also good beer and wine options and yummy healthier lemonade. I definitely enjoyed it and felt very satisfied and HEALTHY upon leaving.
5	Soooooooo good and they let you have your pups in the garden!
3	I always get quite excited when I can get the nutrition I'm looking for in interesting dishes AND my traditional-eating-company enjoys their meals. Meat & potatoes guy had bean chili with meat added. Plane Jane eating woman loved her soup of the day and air-fried yam fries. There were many options that looked good for this GF-vegan, and I went with a simple pesto covered salad. The decor and vibe lacked a comfy cozy feel entirely, but I hope to head back there next time I'm in town.
4	I love this place. The food is great and SUPER healthy. They have tons of vegan and gluten free options. Its great this time of year when you can sit outside and eat.
5	This place is the BEST!! Everything Gluten Free on the whole menu!! They take such good care of the ingredients they put in their food that you can order anything you want on the menu without worry. My only gripe is that there are not more locations because I would eat it for lunch everyday if I could. Foods awesome and prices are reasonable too!!
2	We used to love this place but they changed their menu and format. Went from 5 star to ECCCH ! Haven't been here for awhile. I have been recommending this place to all my vegetarian friends. Hope they will still talk to me. It is now over priced and very hard for a vegan to find a few choices. Last night corned beef and cabbage special ?WE want our old menu back PLEASE.By for now.
1	A friend recommended Nourish to me since I'm a "healthy eater" so I had high expectations and really wanted to love this place. Unfortunately, I was deeply disappointed. Not only did the restaurant have uneducated servers and misinformed nutritional tendencies (catering to trendy diets not fundamental healthy eating) but the food was terrible too. My husband had the grass-fed burger which was over-processed, tough and potentially steam-cooked - it had no browning on the surface and looked almost gray. It was on a horrible brown rice bun that was weirdly textured (it had an odd mouth feel and tasted like styrofoam) and was served soggy (juice that should have been in the burger was all over the plate and the bun was placed directly in the middle of it). I had the grass-fed beef tenderloin salad which was ok but the beef was overcooked and dry, there were some cold onions that were overwhelmingly salty and the dressing was too vinegary. The sangria wasn't good either, it was over-spiced. The hummus (a side to the burger) was quite tasty but a bit overly-garlicky (and desperately needed pita) and the horseradish mustard was superb. We will definitely never go back.
4	This is a great place for dietary restrictions - vegan, vegetarian, gluten-free, raw, soy-free, you name it.  The menu items are labeled with a little code system so you know which dishes are "nut free", "vegetarian", "egg free", "raw", and many more!   For what it is, I give it four stars.  That said, if you don't have dietary restrictions, this place might be just ok - it's just not one of those ridiculously delicious places.  We've had dinner here several times, and the food is tasty enough considering how healthy it is.   The avocado sweet potato salad is tasty, and the terryaki rice bowl and healthy protein burger are quite nice (no bun, yummy pesto on top).The place is a little difficult to get to, since it's inside a condo complex.  The parking is in an underground garage and you walk up some stairs to the restaurant.  It has a cute sign, a lovely patio and nice little tables inside.
3	Pretty good, but nothing spectacular.  The location is somewhat hidden and you have to park your car downstairs in the garage and then figure out how to get up to the restaurant.  That aside, the place was cute and we were able to sit outside. Our server was helpful, but the food seemed to take a long time.  As for the food itself, it was just okay. My husband had a beef burger and i had the protein burger. He was satisfied with his burger and mine was good as well, yet it wasn't quite firm enough to be called a burger.  It was pretty mushy, though tasty.  The quinoa tabouleh I had as a side was very good.  We also shared the butternut squash and beet salad, which we both enjoyed (especially with the candied walnuts).  I don't think I'd return to Nourish, but if you're looking for a menu with a variety of dietary options, it's worth a shot.
5	Absolutely one of my favorite vegetarian restaurant in town. Avocado and sweet potato salad is my favorite. The Mojito with organic ingredients is delicious
2	Just went to lunch with a co worker who eats a paleo diet. We were super excited to find a place that caters specifically to the paleo diet among other diets and after reading the menu online, felt like there were lots of options that sounded delicious. When I arrived there was parking underground but I was confused as to how to get from the garage to the restaurant. Once I figured that out, we met my friends  whod already been seated, on the outdoor patio and promptly moved indoors to the cool AC. The waitress took a while to take our drink orders and the food service was a tad slow, especially since I had my 4 year old with me and she kept whining about being hungry. There was no bread to keep her quiet during the wait. Their drink selection is very limited. I had a black iced tea with mint and my daughter had to settle for water because there was only unsweetened grapefruit soda and coconut water and iced tea as alternatives to water. They were out of the other two soda flavors and I was told they stopped serving lemonade recent;y. They would benefit from having juice ir things sweetened with cane sugar or honey. Maybe some kombucha? I ordered a chopped grass fed steak with mushrooms with the beet and butternut squash salad, my friend and my daughter ordered the grass fed beef burgers with bacon, one with a bun and one bunless. my friends boyfriend ordered the dame thing as me with the duck eggrolls as his side. When the burgers arrived my friends came without lettuce and onions and my daughter had them so I gave them to her since my daughter wasnt going to eat them. The chopped steak turned out to be a burger. It was decent tasting. A little bland though. I had to add salt which I never do when I go out to eat. The beet salad was super good. My daughter finished her burger but I had asked for a fruit side in lieu of the ones listed on the menu. There were strawberries and blackberries in the plate but the strawberries were brown and I wondered if theyd been covered in balsamic but when I tasted them they were dry, old and inedible. We finished out food which was ok and then she asked if we saved room for dessert and then informed us that the only thing they had left from their dessert menu was a mojito mousse. I figured my four year old would NOT like that option and opted to go elsewhere for dessert. Overall, I would say that this place doesnt warrant a second visit. It was nice to try it out but it was expensive and the food wand service were average at best. I left feeling kind of disappointed.
5	Food was amazing. Accommodations for food allergies is the best I have ever seen. Great setting.  We'll be back all the time.
