4	We had dinner plans with friends on the calendar for over a month... When we made the plans, we said we'd figure out the time and place as the date approached.  So when my friend suggested we go to FnB, I hesitated for a moment..."What is FnB," I asked? (Embarrassed that I had no clue)."It's the new restaurant located where Sea Saw and Digestif used to be," my friend informed me."OK - Perfect," I responded - still having no clue what to expect.Jared and I were fans of Digestif and ironically, we happened to be there on the last night they were open.  We went in for dinner on Sunday, October 18th (the day after our wedding) and were shocked to hear the news... But enough about that!In just six weeks time, this restaurant transformed into FnB, the creation of Pavle Milic and Chef Charleen Badman.  It now has a bit more space and a warmer, lighter feeling to it... the tile on the floor is really unique and colorful.  You can tell it's a family-run business too... we felt extremely welcome from the moment we set foot inside and we met the entire staff, Emily, Josh, Pavle, Chef Charleen, and Sous Chef Sasha.But enough about the atmosphere and the fantastic staff, I'm sure you want to know about the food!The menu is limited, but pretty much everything on it is appealing.  Luckily, our table was up for sharing.  We started with two orders of the crispy rock shrimp & jalapeno tartar and a fried green tomato salad.  Both were delicious... I especially enjoyed the combination of the fried green tomatoes with green goddess dressing and feta.  We continued with the citrus marinated olives as an appetizer to share... they aren't kidding with the "citrus" description - you can really taste it and I loved it!Jared and I shared the boneless trout entree and our companions shared the roast jidori chicken entree and we all shared an order of the spigarello.  What's spigarello? It's similar to broccoli rabe but not quite as bitter.  Chef Charleen prepares it with garlic and chili and it's delicious!  Needless to say, we cleaned all of our plates!As if that wasn't enough, we proceeded to order one of each of the dessert offerings: a lemon creme brulee, an apple crisp, and the cherry chocolate bread pudding that Angela mentioned in her review.  The lemon brulee and the bread pudding were the favorites at our table.  And from listening to Pavle talk about it, I think the chocolate bread pudding is his favorite too!Oh, and I forgot to mention that I was the only drinker in our group last night... I had a glass of sauvignon blanc - one from Chile - and it was perfect.The prices aren't bad considering everything used at this restaurant is bought fresh daily from local farms.  We'll be back to see our friends at FnB again soon... and I encourage you to go check out this little gem of a restaurant as well!  Just make sure to save us a seat at the bar.
3	I haven't had a full dining experience here yet, but I wanted to relay last nights delightful visit to FnB.  I swung by last night for dessert with the girls and FnB was packed. I love the decor and the new floor is exquisite and I think they've made it look a much lovelier dining experience all around, especially considering the space constraints. We waited a few moments at the door while Pavle and Co found us seats at the bar. Though we were there for sweets, Dottsy couldn't resist getting an order of the rock shrimp with jalapeno tartar sauce and god bless her. It was delightful! MMMM, now I want more of it...anyway, we went ahead and ordered 1 of each of the desserts on the menu (only 3 last night we're not animals). I ordered the apple ginger thingie (can't think of the name, sorry), Dottsy had the chocolate cherry bread pudding and Chrissy had the lemon creme brulee. The creme brulee blew me away, it was so delicate and lightly infused with lemon essence it was like a pillow of sugar deliciousness. The chocolate-cherry dessert was a mouth full of yum as well, and my apple ginger dessert was tasty, thought I like a bit more ginger zing in general. Ohh they are so good. The rest of the dinner menu looks fantastic as well. I will be back to test the rest of it out soon!
5	I have to go w/ five.  I can still remember every, even the most subtle flavor, starting with the bread and oil, the Ginhound cocktail, followed by the salad (we chose the salad Pavle talked up, and we were not disappointed).  As we munched on the salad, I commented to my dining partner that we were eating a lot of grapefruit - both the Ginhound and the shaved fennel salad featured the fruit, but neither were overly bitter at all.  It was the ideal way to start the meal.We elected to carry on with the Spigarello (delicious- excellent balance of garlic and a slightly buttery taste) again per Pavle's recommendation, along with an order of the mozzarella w/ an egg over braised leeks.  This was my favorite dish (well, tied with the salad and dessert...).  The mustard breadcrumbs added a little tangy flavor along with a fantastic texture.  Finally, we decided to split the bread pudding dessert.  Made w/ chocolate/cherry bread from the Phoenician's bakery (available at the Old Town Farmer's Market in Scottsdale), it was decadent.  All in all a fantastic meal - everything was perfect.  The atmosphere, the service...  It was fantastic.  You won't regret going there.
4	I love the special feeling of being greeted by Pavle and the ceremony of him checking to see if there's a space for me. (Of course, I've been able to get a seat each time, so that makes it especially alright) I love sitting at the bar and watching chef work her magic. She's so focused. If it weren't for her assistance in refilling my water glass, I would question that she knew I was there. Being able to watch the kitchen is one of many highlights at FnB, for me. The food is hauntingly good. It's been almost a week since my two visits and I still think of the lemon creme brulee and the cool way they "brand" the top to caramelize it. I can taste the chocolate cherry bread pudding in a way that I can recall the feel of the dense, soft, mild, chocolaty goodness and sweet cherry on my palate. I crave the refreshing goodness and beauty of the shaved fennel salad with lovely rounds of watermelon radish. The braised leeks were hearty and delicious! I want to work my way through the entire menu. I have already begun to prioritize my list. My only worry is they will have an alluring special to distract me and, if that were to happen, I would not lose sleep over it!
5	FnB is an excellent restaurant, and more so because of the owner and staff's attitude and intent to provide a very intimate dinner.  My date and I arrived late after a very busy day of trapeze training, and were graciously seated at the bar, and treated to a very enjoyable conversation about the food, desired taste, origin of the ingredients, and the owners background.  The chef made the most spendid meal, in front of us, and then stopped every so often to ask about or talk about the meal.  Great place, give it one of my highest recommendations.  Go for the food, go for the mood, whatever, just go.
5	Dearest FnB,I realize we have just met and I am putting a lot of weight on our first evening together...but I love you.  I have been infatuated before and I know this is so much more than that.Last night, even as I sat staring into your local produce, the sweetness of your grilled butternut squash still upon my lips, this poem was forming in my mind.  I know it is not original but a take off from the great Elizabeth Barrett Browning of the Romantic Movement.  To me it feels right and fitting that a great sonnet taken from among the best the world has to offer is an appropriate way to enumerate your intoxicating virtues:FnB, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways.I love thee to the depth and breadth and height of your menuMy palate can reach, when tasting out of sightFor the local produce being prepared in grace.I love thee to the level of every day's mealOk, that's enough romance.  When can I get with you again, FnB?  I must have you from the top of your delicate appetizers all the way through to your sweet and tender desserts.  You plied me with your cranberry infused vodka and zest of lemon, your spiced roasted nuts bursting with flavor again and again.Your crispy rock shrimp, flash-fried to tender perfection in their light and revealing cornmeal covering are etched upon my mind.  And the jalapeno tartar...you can be a spicy vixen indeed!  Your lovely salad of apple, celery root, walnuts and blue cheese was sublime in it's awakening flavors brought on by the simple vinegary coating, awakening in me the abiding desire to plough through your menu and consume you to your core.Yes, from there it rolled inexorably on to grilled butternut squash with pear and bacon, each bright flavor building on the next.  The fried green tomatoes were a revelation to us both (yes you had us both, you saucy wench) with their tart and delicate interiors exploding through the complimenting dressing and feta cheese with which you plied them.Oh yes!  And your flatiron steak...I don't often play with the red meat team but your presentation, your flavor...purple and cheddar cauliflower, caper and golden raisin salsa verde...enough I say, you overwhelm me with your generosity, you just give and give until...And your desserts!  I tremble at the thought of your chocolate bread pudding, macerated cherries all over with nary a care of what others may think!  Outstanding!As if all of this were not enough your service throughout the meal was warm and comforting.  To a member, I felt your staff was there to please me and me alone.But, Fnb, as in all healthy relationships, open and honest communication is tantamount to a wonderful and enduring relationship.  With that understanding I have the following constructive criticism.  I had to look deep within to find even the hint of a fault...your fried green tomatoes.  When my mother used to make them they were sliced more thinly and fried in a skillet...this made them delightfully crunchy on the outside.Oh my God, have I compared you to my mother?!  Freud be damned! Just forget that, and forgive me FnB.  I'll be back soon.In heartfelt adoration,Jim W
5	I can honestly say that I just had one of the best meals of my life. Where do I start? We had leeks baked in mozzerella and breadcrumbs covered in a fried egg, a sort of broccoli rabe sauteed with garlic for appetizers. WOW. Next, stuffed boneless trout stuffed with artichokes and carmelized onions for my hubby and a succulent ribeye with finger potatoes and a kalamata olive/olive oil compote for me. Double-WOW. Finally, a trifecta: the most delicious butterscotch pudding with fresh whipped cream that I have EVER had, and my husband's dessert was made of his favorite things ever - zesty lemon cake stuffed with fresh strawberry compote and covered with toasted coconut shavings and vanilla ice cream. The entire meal was unbelievable and the service was impeccable. When we asked our waiter (he might also be the owner or manager) if it were ok to have a slight variation on one of our dishes (we didn't want to offend the chef) we were pleasantly surprised when he told us that since we were paying for our meal, we should be able to have it the way we want it. The wine list is all AZ wines, but those didn't disappoint either.  I highly, highly recommend FnB but book early; there are only about 10-14 tables (in the same location where SeeSaw used to be).
5	FnB, hmmm, what does it stand for, I wonder?Freakin' brilliant!?Fortuitously beguiling!?Festooned n Bedecked!?Could it be anything as mundane as food n beverage?Well, regardless of the name, there is nothing mundane about this dining experience. The best thing I can say about a place like this is that I'm giddy the entire time. With each course, each mouthful of succulent deliciousness I'm just thrilled to be enjoying the experience. We had shrimp, we had squash, we had nuts, we had salad, we had fried green tomatoes, we had steak ... Oh and the bread! We ate so much wonderful bread!I could go on all night but my mouth is watering and if I keep thinking about that incredible meal - well, the keyboard could get a bit wet. Anyway, the service was beyond compare. The couple who own the restaurant are determined to make people feel at home and they succeed and then some. Oh, hell! I've just got to stop. It's 10:15 pm and there's no way I can get all the way to Scottsdale before they close. Just go! See for yourself!
5	FnB you've got my full attention!  Okay foodies, I'm sure you've read about FnB in the past months or so.  In the place of where Digestif used to be, hails a new victor in culinary truth. In a quaint yet sophisticated space featuring a remarkably glossy multicolored artlike tile floor,  FnB features a  menu that changes sometimes daily with the freshest produce, all from local Arizona farmers.  They also use other fresh ingredient from local vendors.  The freshness certainly shows in the taste and integrity of their food, it is so delicious!I had been looking to come here ever since I saw a picture on facebookof their braised leeks/mozzarella/mustard breadcrumbs and fried egg phenomenon!  People, this is food porn worthy in my books.  One glimpse of that dish and I simply knew I was destined to dine there.  So, with a drooling comment on my friend Jay's picture status, I begged him to PLEASE call me the next time you want to go to FnB!!   Happily for me, that day came about a week later :) Upon arrival we took a seat at the bar.  You could call this a bar, but I call it a food voyeur's naughty pleasure.  You see, the whole kitchen is surrounded by the bar, so if you choose to sit there you'll get to watch Charleen Badman work her magic while enjoying a nice glass of Arizona wine.We were warmly greated by Pavle Milic, the restaurant's owner and also our server for the evening.  We both got the "Vino del Barrio Blanca"  ($10.0/glass) from Pages Springs Vineyards right here in AZ.  We then ordered up two appetizers to share and relaxed with friendly conversation.  Of course, we ordered the braised leeks/mozz/breadcrumb/fried egg ($13.0).  We also tried their duck/pork pate which was a new addition to their changing menu.  Both were amazing, but I must pay close attention to the best salty and savory thing I ever ate in my life!  Yes, I just said "best...thing I ever ate," because it is true.  That leek dish changed me forever, as I now crave it in my sleep, it was that amazing!  I watched as Charleen put the fresh mozzarella over the leeks and stuck it under the broiler.  Then,  she prepared the out of the broiler, slid the egg on top and dusted with the mustard breadcrumbs.over easy egg in a small saucepan over an even smaller double burner, giving it a generous sprinkle of salt on top.  When the cheese was perfectly melted over the leeks, she pulled it I really could dedicate my whole article on this one plate, as it was for me, perfection.  The perfectly cooked greens, the melted stringy cheese, breadcrumbs,  and maybe my favorite part...the crispy around the edges, over easy egg! It had a salty, savory, creamy, slightly chewy,  and warm flavor in every bite.  I'm pretty sure they saw me scraping the plate to get the crusted mozzarella off!  Oh my god, it was just unbelievable.  When you go to FnB, you'd be a fool not to order this delight.Next was the duck/pork pate.  It came on the plate with two pieces of crispy bread, a few softly roasted cippolini onions, some pickled cauliflower and cucumber and a dollop coarse ground mustard.  This pate was very nicely put together with the perfect amount of fat content and seasoning.  The pate also had pistachios in it that gave a nice texture contrast.  It really tasted like my dad's liverwurst that he's been making for years from an old world German recipe.  For me to be able to compare it to something  homemade and authentic from my dad's market, makes it top notch in my book!  The onions were great, as you could smear them onto the hard crusty bread and accompany with a piece of pate. I loved the bi-colored pickled cauliflower, it was deliciousFor the entree it was a hard decision as all of the four entrees on the menu looked amazing.  We went with sharing the flat iron steak with cauliflower, caper, and golden raisin salsa verde ($21.0)  I totally didn't realize until we got our entree that Pavle didn't ask us how we wanted our meat cooked and I'm very glad that he didn't.  This steak was cooked to an absolute perfection.  Nice sear on the outside with a juicy red medium doneness on the inside.  It had a very clear, pure beefy flavor and just melded so nicely with the caper raisin salsa.  You'll notice we had cauliflower twice that evening, but that was not a problem at all as it was so different each time we got it.  In the pate dish it was cold and pickled. In our entree we were given a beautiful purple cauliflower that was roasted  with what tasted to me like some fresh grated parmesan, but I cannot be positive of this.  Either way, I really enjoyed the distinct flavors of the cauliflower each time, it was really great. When we thought we could feast no more we told Pavle we'd be skipping dessert.  However, Pavle simply wouldn't let us leave without something homemade and sweet in our stomachs.  Such a kind man to make sure my sweet tooth is paid attention to ;) ...read full review on www.ErinForney.com
5	FnB, I am in love with you!! From your small, intimate yet eclectic setting to your amazing menu featuring Arizona grown foods and wines, how my heart will long until my next visit!!Stopped in with my fellow Yelper Andrea and we were so pleased with everything, especially the service we got from Pavle and the rest of the staff. We ordered the rock shrimp(delish with a slight zing), fried green tomatoes(hello, my mouth is bursting with joy!), the grilled lamb with artichokes and potatoes(warm, tender, amazing!) and succulent chocolate bread pudding and lemon cake for dessert.( we were in heaven at that point!). I recommend this amazing place and can`t wait to return for more heavenly goodness!!
5	Words can not describe the great experience one will get from dining at FnB - you are welcome from the moment you step in, it is a fun and bright atmosphere (the floor is amazing!) and the staff is top notch.  The food is fresh, local, prepared with love and leaves you wanting to sit and sample it all.  So instead of reading about it - get your butt(s) to FnB and try it yourself!!
5	I can't believe I forgot to write a review for FnB, I feel like I've been singing their praises since I first stepped foot into that welcoming atmosphere! First let me begin with how much of a joy it is just to meet Pavle Millic; he is by far the friendliest and most doting personality I have ever encountered. The menu is an interesting read, nothing that I would ever consider creating myself, but it all sounds intriguing. My first visit to FnB was with a group of foodie/wino friends and many of them had visited before. I let them recommend their favorites and then went and ordered the only items they didn't have covered, so we could try just about everything on the menu. I am SO glad I did, as I would've missed out on the best trout I have ever had... scratch that, probably the best fish I have ever had as a whole. I cannot begin to describe the symphony of flavors that Charleen has created in this trout dish, just try it... whether you like trout or not, just try it. That's not to say I wasn't impressed with the braised leeks in mozzarella with mustard bread crumbs and a fried egg on top... delish. The crispy rock shrimp and salads are also terrific.FnB also has an all-Arizona wine list which is why I was eager to support this place, but it goes so far beyond the locavore/locapour effort. Overall, dining at FnB is a wonderful experience with a comfortable atmosphere, amazing aromas, top-notch staff, and incredible flavors. I've stopped in several times just for a drink or dessert and it feels like I'm walking in to visit family. Someday I'll make it in for the late night specials... they tempt me every time!
4	i think that locally-sourced, organic food done simply speaks for itself. add a charming host, an open kitchen and a welcoming atmosphere and you have a winning combination!   my experience with FnB began with the message i received to confirm my dinner reservation.  pavle, the owner and our host for the evening, made me feel as if i'd called my uncle to say i was coming to dinner and he couldn't be more delighted!  when we arrived at the restaurant, our warm greeting from both him and his wife emily, continued the personal touch that set the tone for our experience at FnB.i am by no means a wine conniseur, but my dining partner was quick to point out that - although all the wines are locally sourced - they were all blended.  pavle let us know that they are introducing a varietal to the selection this week.my favorites were the slivered fennel and the grilled lamb tenderloin.  however, i'm sure i could try anything on the menu without being dissappointed.  unfortunately, i was too full for dessert, but that will give me an excuse to go back!
4	We sat at the same counter space as our last (and only) See Saw experience.  The ambience, food, beverages, and service were all top notch.  Best plate of food was the braised leeks and fried eggs.  Also had some overlap with the post 10pm menu and they smelled amazing -  will have to come back for that.  Awesome people working there - it really makes the restaurant.  Hopefully they will keep on going strong despite the economy - all locals support our restaurants especially when summer slowdown hits!
5	I have been to FnB three times since it opened and each experience has been great!  Food is fanatstic - propers to Charlene and Pavle! This is a restaurant not to be missed! From hand-crafted cocktails to entrees that sing and vegetables that every kid in America should eat -- what is not to like?! Also, the late night (10 p.m.) daily dinner special will not disappoint!
5	My meal at FnB last weekend was one of the best I've had in Arizona. I love everything about this place, the food, the cocktails, the staff, the atmosphere.It was a rainy Sunday. I knew the restaurant was right next to Cowboy Ciao, but managed to walk right by it (my friends noticed me go by). I turned back, and Pavle was nice enough to wait at the door, and said "Ben?" as I was about to pass by again. I agree with what everyone else said here, Pavle really makes you feel at home.I started with the slivered fennel salad and a ginhound. I split the order with a friend, and they were more than happy to bring the salad split  onto two plates for us. I love citrus, and these were a very refreshing start to my meal. Next up was the trout. It was presented stacked on top of the sunchokes and caramelized onions, with some wonderful broth on the plate. The combination of flavors was rich, and amazing, and the presentation ensured that every bite was as good as the last. I could eat this every visit, but I sampled the chicken and lamb, and was just as blown away. For desert I had lemon cake with ice cream and strawberry compote. FnB has been receiving a lot of positive buzz lately. It's well deserved. If you haven't visited yet, you're missing out.
5	Yes, it really is that good, Badman really is that great of a chef, and Pavle really is that welcoming. Eating at FnB is like eating at a good friend's house -- A friend who happens to be a great chef, grows vegetables in a garden out back, and makes you feel like time is standing still, at least for a moment. This just may be the best place in Old Town to have a meal. It's wonderful to see fresh, local, and sustainable utilized not simply as marketing terms but as a mantra for a menu. From the cocktails to the dessert, the menu is thoughtfully and artfully crafted. Combining braised leeks, mozzarella, mustard bread crumbs, and a fried egg is brilliant and soooo tasty. The slivered fennel salad is refreshing and pairs perfectly with the white wines from AZ. The real winner for me was the jidori chicken. I generally shy away from chicken, but this dish is simply the best chicken dish in the area. I haven't had spaetzle that good since Germany and the wild mushrooms work fantastically with the chicken. Dessert was equally fantastic...unfortunately my memory has failed me as to what exactly we had. Oh well, I guess I will need to go back so I can provide a more thorough review.
4	1/30/10Came in for dinner.  My second time at this location (the first was when it was the newly-transferred Digestif during Yelp Eats Week).  What a great transformation from a dark, smoky venue to a warmer, much-more inviting space- thanks to those b/w and prismatic floor tiles!My EXCELLENT meal consisted of table bread and basil olive oil; the marvelous and perfectly cooked flat-iron steak, medium to medium-rare (cauliflower, golden raisin salsa verde); and the stupefyingly-addiciting puff pastry Chef Charleen created that night w/ AZ pecans, vanilla ice cream, and Wild Turkey caramel sauce (corn-free!!).  I had to muster up all of my willpower to sock-away half of the steak (the raisin salsa verde made this dish a winner!) for my Mom to try at home (she's hard-to-please, but LOVED the leftovers), so that I could demolish the pastry creation :)  [I just recently found out I'm allergic to pecans, but y'know, this dish is so good, I'd definitely keep it in mind on my next visit when considering my dessert options!]While still enjoying in the aftermath of such a wonderful meal, I was pleasantly surprised to find that my table ticket arrived w/ a small chunk of homemade toffee crunch.  However, this lovely-looking sweet contained an allergen or two, so Charleen switched it w/ a two-bite chocolate chocolate chip cookie.  What a sweet way to wish me good night!Yelp Eats/Restaurant Week, where are you??
5	A warm welcome, a fresh innovative meal and a great price.This place is great.The food is amazingly delicious.Warning ,you might get addicted to great service,fresh ingredients and talented chefs who let you watch.We do like to watch don't we?
4	I'm glad my name is Patrick.  My girlfriend took me here for a special St. Patrick's Day dinner.  No green beer for us!Pavle was great and showed us to a nice table.  We ordered the crispy rock shrimp and braised leek appetizers which he paired with a nice white wine for us.  The shrimp were light and fluffy and the leek dish was phenomenal as other reviewers have mentioned.We ordered a nice bottle of Arizona Stronghold red wine to go with our lamb and chicken entrees.  Both were prepared very well.For dessert we had a chocolate creation that was good but not quite as impressive as the rest of the meal.I would rate this dining experience a 4 1/2 star and hope to round it up to a 5 star after my next visit.
5	There's nothing bad I can say about our experience at FnB.  The drinks, food, staff, atmosphere- all excellent.  I tried two of the cocktails from the menu- the Milano and the Spring Sundowner.  The Milano was a very flavorful drink that was somewhat bitter, but after a few sips my tastebuds became acquainted to the flavor and I happily guzzled the rest of it.  The Spring Sundowner, however, was DELICIOUS from the first sip to the last.  It was so light and refreshing and delicately sweet.  I'd go out of my way just to sit and sip one of these cocktails.We had the leeks, mozzarella breadcrumbs and egg.  I'm glad we followed the crowd and tried this before leeks go out of season!  Every bite was delicious with a perfect balance of texture- the tender, smooth leeks with the gooey mozzarella and egg, plus a little bit of crunch from the breadcrumbs.Our entrees were delicious as well.  I had lamb with artichokes, beans, asparagus and potatoes.  The flavors were incredible- very earthy and rich.  My husband had the jidori chicken with spaetzle.  We've both eaten a lot of chicken in our day, but NOTHING like this.  It was so perfectly moist and flavorful, and the skin had the perfect amount of seasoning and crunch to it.  I was almost jealous that I hadn't ordered it!  But then I had another bite of my lamb, and was content with myself...We decided to skip dessert since we had friends waiting to meet us.  When our server brought us our check he politely told us "We don't take "no" when it comes to dessert," and gave us two pieces of homemade peanut brittle that was crunchy and delicious.My husband and I don't get many childless meals out, so spoiling ourselves at FnB was a perfect way to spend a night without our girls.  We'll be back for another soon!
4	Just catching up on some reviews and cannot believe I skipped FNB. Our experience was great. Pavie was a great host and the service was just right. We really enjoyed the marinated olives and grilled asparagus with cauliflower puree and crispy beets. Entree of steak was high quality and cooked properly. Would be flat out five stars if the wine list was a bit more expansive.
5	The food was pretty good we both tried the lamb, and it was just alright. What puts this place over the top, and into 5 star territory for me is the service. My dinner partner and I were treated excellently, I would say better than any restaurant I can name in recent history. I have to go back.
5	Truly an amazing meal.  Great space, open kitchen is very entertaining.  Sincere, warm, friendly service.  And outstanding food.The chicken is phenomenal - perfect example of how a humble dish can excel with great execution.  Someone in your party has to order it.  The lamb was similarly terrific.  The braised leeks are well covered in other reviews here and are a great choice, but the fennel was even better - the ratio of various ingredients perfectly balanced and with just the right amount of dressing.If you consider yourself a "foodie" - or whatever annoying term we use to describe ourselves - you owe yourself a trip to FnB.  This is a restaurant that could thrive in any market in the country - Phoenicians be thankful it is in your hood.
5	FnB was a truly wonderful dining experience. I had dinner meeting with a party of six and we did call ahead for a reservation. We were seated promptly upon arrival and greeted by the wonderful, and personable owner Pavle. The atmosphere was very "chill". Although FnB is a smaller restaurant it does not seem crowded as our rather large party was seated comfortably and not bumped into by waiters or other patrons. The bright tile floors compliment a nice mood lighting to emphasize energy in a more mellow environment. One of the more enjoyable touches was the classic yet deeper jazz tracks completing the perfect atmosphere.   A fine beverage list of cocktails, Arizonan wine, and local brew is available as well as some of the most delicious appetizers one could find. Pavle suggested a family recipe of fresh mozzarella, leeks, a fried egg, and bread crumbs for starters, at first I was a little apprehensive of the offerings I put my trust in Pavle's expertise and was not disappointed in the slightest. The entree of Spinach pasta with fava beans was superb. And meyer lemon poundcake with ice cream and a raspberry sauce for desert completed one the most delicious meals I had ate in a long time. Pavle and FnB delivered and I would have to put this on the top of my list for dining locations in Scottsdale.
5	Not only is this place supporting all local ingredients but the wine list is 100% Arizona as well.  Pavle is brave but wise my friends.  I found the food to be creative and great tasting.  I had the chicken one night and it was finger licking good.  Chef Charleen has it going on, as well as the rest of the staff.  If your looking for a great night of food and wine try this place you won't be disappointed.  This place is quickly becoming a hot spot so call ahead for RSVP, the place only has 36 seats in it.Cheeers,Jim
4	As we arrived at FnB we immediately felt right at home. There was a faint smell of toasted marshmallows in the air and the hustle and bustle of Chef Charlene Badman's small open kitchen felt like being at mom's. The warm glow of owner/manager Pavle Milic's face fortified the welcome feeling.Short for Food and Beverage, FnB seems to have everything aligned for culinary greatness. With food and service worthy of a long-established restaurant, you'd be surprised that FnB has been open only a few months.Located in Old Town Scottsdale, the space formerly housed the famed Sea Saw. The bar surrounds the small open kitchen, with views of Badman and Sous Chef Sacha Levine working their magic. Or, if romance is in the air, opt for a table for two. FnB is cozy and intimate.Farm fresh, seasonal and comforting describe Badman's creative and fun menu. Even something as simple as Citrus Marinated Olives ($4) just tastes better with a touch of orange peel.The menu is not large, with only a handful of nibbles, appetizers, sides and entrees. On one visit, our knowledgeable waiter didn't even bat an eye when we ordered just about everything on the menu.Lightly dusted in semolina flour then flash fried, each crustacean of the Crispy Rock Shrimp and Jalapeno Tartar ($9) has a nice feathery crunch. Fried Green Tomatoes with Green Goddess Dressing and Feta ($11) combines classic components, yet brings something new and balanced to the table.Braised Leeks, Mozzarella, Mustard Bread Crumbs and a Fried Egg ($13) are as simple as they sound, but tastier than you'd imagine. This is the beauty of Badman's cooking: farm-fresh produce prepared with love and attention.Since it is based on seasonal bounties, the menu is always changing, so don't be surprised when your favorite dish is no longer available. During several visits I had the opportunity to try something new each time.Try not to fall in love with the pasta offering -- on one visit the pasta was a Garganelli and other times it was Strozzapreti ($19). Both were perfect, cooked al dente and served with local veggies.Blue Nose Bass, Snap Peas, Hazelnuts and Citrus Sauce ($21) was fresh and light, yet meaty and satisfying.Roast Jidori Chicken ($20) sounds like a cooking preparation, so I was surprised that it's actually a breed of Japanese chicken. Smaller than your standard chicken, it's amazingly flavorful and juicy. As one of my dining mates put it, "It tastes how chicken used to taste." Each succulent bite reminded me of how simple ingredients in expert hands can be so fulfilling.Grilled Broccoli, Meyer Lemon Aioli and Crispy Onion ($6) is one of the sides. The smokiness of the slight char on the broccoli is alluring and adds an exotic dimension to something that would otherwise be ordinary.Badman's desserts are handled with as much love and care as the rest of our experience, which made them all the sweeter. Topped with whipped cream and finished with a grating of nutmeg, each joyous spoonful of the Butterscotch Pudding ($7) brought comfort and delight. Looking into the kitchen, I could see plumes of smoke in the air as a ramekin filled with Mint Chocolate Creme Brulee ($7) was getting seared with an iron.It all made sense as burning sugar filled the air, like roasting marshmallows at a campfire. It's one of those things you long to come back to -- home.
5	Can't help but jump myself onto the FnB wagon train. Have experienced many wonderful meals here.  I don't know what they do to the chicken but it is simply fabulous. Even simple grilled broccoli is so tasty that I actually dream about it despite my carnivorous tendencies.Late nights on Friday and Saturday are terrific deals and a lot of fun from the kitchen.  The other night I  had the best darn pho I have ever had in Phoenix.
3	Unlike other reviewers, I'm not on a first-name basis with the owners/employees.We started with the spiced nuts (great) and the rock shrimp (average).  The shrimp seemed like a well prepared version of a TGIF appetizer.  Not particularly thoughtful or memorable.Next we had the asparagus (great) and the mozzarella (odd).  The asparagus was a great marriage of its ingredients, whereas the mozzarella left me thinking that the whole was much less than the parts.  The leeks, mozzarella, bread crumbs and fried egg didn't really complement each other.  The ingredients were each good, but the combination was, well, boring.For entrees we had the bass and the chicken.  The sauce for the bass was great, but the fish itself wasn't noteworthy.  The chicken was tender, but I had to cut back on the skin as the rub was extremely salty.  The veggies (leeks and fava beans) that came with the chicken were great.For dessert we had the chocolate mint creme brulee and butterscotch pudding.  The creme brulee was a mistake, as all subtlety was lost in the dish.   I wish they'd been serving a traditional creme brulee that night.  The butterscotch pudding was the highlight of the night.  The flavor was deep and complex and not overly sweet.  It was the best pudding I have ever had.The service was solid.  We arrived for our reservation on time, and were immediately seated.  I liked how different members of the wait staff checked on us throughout the night, not just our assigned waitress.The food was good but not great.  I appreciate that they use sustainable ingredients.  However, when you make a menu that small (the items I mentioned above represent nearly half the menu), there is little room for error.  When I factor in the steep price, I don't expect to be dining at FnB again, even for a special occasion.
5	Loved this place!  We went there last night and it was fantastic!  Similar to other reviewers, we experienced very friendly and personable staff who knew their menu, wines, and beers very well.Menu items we loved: the spicy broccoli with crispy onions and the leek/cheese/fried egg dish.  We also ordered the smoked trout salad and the fried green tomatoes which were also delicious!  The chef uses very creative techniques and ingredients to make this a fantastic dining experience!Highly recommended!
5	I'm updating to five well-deserved stars. The jidori chicken is so good, it even has me eating meat off the bone (I'm a boneless girl... no wings or ribs for me under ordinary circumstances. But, for this chicken I am compelled to make an exception)!! The pasta is perfectly salted and cooked. Hearty, fresh and delicious. I'm certain you cannot have a bad meal here. One of my favorite Valley restaurants!!
5	As with my other reviews, I've dined at FnB a number of times before posting.  I attended the winemaker dinner for Canelo Hills last night, and that was one GREAT experience.  These guys (and girls, chef Charleen and sous chef Sasha) have got a wonderful thing going.  Simple, well-executed menu of local/seasonal ingredients.  I'm addicted to their pasta offerings.  Addicted.  I simply cannot dine here without having the pasta dish; fortunately I'm a big eater and can manage that and starters and sides and an entree or two.  Sasha's touch with the pastas is magical, and no matter what the pasta or ingredients, it will rock.  Jidori chicken is sublime, juicy inside and crispy skin outside.  Beautiful, savory lamb.  Ribeye with tapenade-like relish from Charleen.  A wine list of Arizona wines, one of the ballsiest moves I've ever seen.  Grilled asparagus with crispy beet chips...now I make beet chips at home, they're that addictive.  My experiences at FnB have always included excellent service... and very reasonable prices.  My accomplice and I have at least four courses, wine, coffee and after-dinner drinks; our check has never been over $160.  Make reservations for the counter, and let the staff here wow you.
5	I like it, I really like it!!!I am a very simple eater, I like good food, and want it to be reasonably priced.  I do not like pretentious restaurants, which are "in" for a couple of months, and then change after the initial reviews. That said, when a good friend wanted to try FNB, I was good to go - but in my mind I was somewhat hesitant, wondering if it was one of those places that had a rush of good reviews, then service, ambiance and quality would slide.I need not have worried.  I was impressed. After walking by the front  door,  Pavl was standing in the door and greeted us. I had never met him before, but he is one of those genuinely nice, warm human beings that love the world, and everyone in it. I did not have a reservation, but he immediately sat us and truly made us welcome.  It was like dining in some one's home - everyone made us feel at home, and actually seemed concerned about our evening and the meal.I had the Alaskan Halibut and it was outstanding.  I also tried the Jadori chicken, and it too was wonderful (I had not ordered it - it was half a chicken, and I would have ended up with it in my lap). Of course,  I am a beer drinker, and their choices were limited, which I had expected - but they did have a beer brewed in Prescott, which was fine.  They are known for their wines, and they had an extensive wine list of different local wines available, which I understand are quite good.It is rather expensive, but the atmosphere, food, and service make it reasonable.  And yes, even if you don't know him before you go in, Pavl will seem like an old friend by the time you leave.
4	Looking for a place at 8:30 on a Friday night without a long wait is not easy in Scottsdale. While driving around I called to inquire as to the wait time for a table (knowing the place was not big), I was told they would have a table in about 15 minutes, when we arrived 10 minutes later we were seated immediately.  Everything on the menu looked so good it was hard to make a decision, ultimately I chose the lamb and my dining companion chose the chicken.  The lamb was incredible and cooked perfectly; on a bed of fingerling potatoes, snap peas and olives, with just the right amount of mint; there was a little too much oil on the vegetables, this may have just been due to the olives. I was able to sample the chicken and found it to be perfect, not dry and perfectly seasoned.  If only chicken could always taste that good.Hopefully the chicken will still be on the menu when I go back!
5	This restaurant, and I shudder a bit to call it that because what we're talking about here is a complete and total gastronomic experience, is a must if you are ever in the Scottsdale area. The food is all local, organic and sustainable when possible even down to the wine list which is replete with local selections. What they do with what they procure is just astonishing. From the moment you walk in the door, you are welcomed and made to feel at home and they are genuinely grateful that you have decided to dine there. In the center of the small room is a lovely wrap around counter where you can watch an open kitchen. The three chefs mingle in elegant dance of culinary construction that recalls Joel Robuchon's L'Atelier in Las Vegas (though considerably less expensive). The menu is sparse with 3 or 4 offerings in each category but descriptions that cause me to want to order everything. Rock Shrimp with Jalapeno tartar is a standard. When I asked my local friends if they would like to share a plate, they replied "no, they were getting their own!" The Jidori chicken was simply the best tasting, juicy and succulent poultry preparation I have ever had. Hands down. I did not get the butterscotch pudding for dessert and that is my one regret. I had a taste and all I can say is, "Bradley Ogden, beware!!" The cowboy style creme brulee, with the sugar top burned in with a branding iron was fantastic. The custard was hinted  with lavender, honey and local fruits. I wanted to chew the remaining bits of burned sugar off the ramekin with my teeth (propriety notwithstanding, I managed to behave). The server acted like he was the owner in a good way, kind, gentle, friendly and knowledgeable about the menu and the wines. The owner came up to chat a few times but mostly was manning his station, ensuring quality control. The gestalt of the experience was just stunning. I will return again and again.
4	A total dining experience! I went with my daughter and we sat at the counter where you can see in full view the entire kitchen at work. We started with the "Spritz" cocktail, aperol, sparkling wine, an Italian summer standard as we munchec on crostini with the creamiest ricotta and a plate full of heavenly prepared pickled beets.The fired green tomato salad was good as was the sauteed broccoli, We had the halibut as well-everything as fresh as possible,simply prepared, perfectly flavored and you feel as if you have eaten healthy.We had two desserts-the lavender creme brulee and the lemon cake-both excellent.The atmosphere is causal but chic. The wait staff personable but not cloyingly so.I loved this place!
4	I am a fan of the food and the service.  The place was cute, homey and about 95 degrees inside!  I know there is a fire going in the middle of this small restaurant but seriously!  Go and enjoy the spicy broccoli (having some leftovers now for lunch).  The chicken was really crispy and the portions were generous.  Please just turn up the AC!
5	my new favorite spot. $2 ambers after 10, at least on saturdays. there's nothing i can knock on this place. reminds me of the great restaurants in which i used to work.the beet and watermelon dish with fresh goat cheese and pumpernickel croutons is unstoppable.  one of the best beet dishes i've ever had - the herb blend is unbelievable.the rock shrimp is a must.  very simple but awesome to pick on all throughout the night. i'm coming back here many, many times.
4	So I was looking for a great place for dinner that wouldn't be packed or overwhelming but still had great food.  Enter FnB.First of all, thank you to the amazing staff who were incredibly understanding when we came in 30 minutes late.  Who gets lost in Scottsdale?  Ummm...we do, apparently.The atmosphere is cool, kind of old school diner-y but with a laid back sophistication.  I liked it.  Our server came by to offer us drinks and mentioned that his favorite red was from the vineyard of Maynard James Keenan.  Who knew?  Well, he does have a good voice so I decided to give it a go.  And it was pretty good.I like how the chef is not afraid to offer non traditional dishes.  We decided to share a few, including the chopped chicken liver, smoked trout, crispy rock shrimp and jalapeno tartar, and asparagus, cauliflower puree and crispy beets.  Everything was simply prepared and delicious, like comfort food.I like this place.  It's mellow but still cool and has great service.  I'll be back when I'm in the mood for something different.
5	Absolutely delicious.While we had a little trouble finding the place (we're out of towners), it was well worth the hunt.  My husband and I enjoyed a fantastic belated anniversary dinner here last Friday and found the whole experience to be a pleasure.  The staff was knowledgeable and attentive.  The atmosphere was simple, sophisticated and modern (love the open kitchen in the middle of the restaurant!).  And the food was truly excellent.I have to echo the prior reviewers who sung the praises of the watermelon, beet, goat cheese salad.  It was absolutely incredible.  My lamb also was perfectly cooked and my husband practically licked his plate when he polished off the jidori chicken.  We shared the fruit crisp with homemade vanilla ice cream for dessert; a perfect end to a memorable meal.
5	FnB represents everything that is good and right in the restaurant scene currently in Phoenix.  Every component that makes a restaurant great is to be had in spades at this little gastro-center. The Food: Charleen's creative, local-focused, uber fresh cuisine features a short menu that is anything but on flavor.  Every single flavor combination featured is spot on. The Jidori chicken is hands down the best I've every had, with spaetzle and wildflowers. The chicken is moist, flavorful, and pairs perfectly with the texture and simplicity of the spaetzle. Every single appetizer and entree wows in its own unique way, the only thing longed for is more options once you've eaten everything on the menu. To me, the menu is the perfect balance of simplicity, creativity, flavor, and little bits of heaven.The Wine: All Arizona? Yes. Bad thing? Not at all. With characters like Pavle, Josh, and Emily helping you choose wines that you will enjoy, it's hard to go wrong.  My advice, take their advice- they know what they're talking about and very likely are going to know what works well with which food items. The Service: Perfect. Pavle could make anyone feel welcome and comfortable, and the entire staff has more serving experience than most restaurants in the valley combined. Trust them when they recommend things, believe them when say they know.  The Ambiance: This is the only restaurant in the valley that makes me feel at home, and the only place I'll go if I need to feel like I am.
5	I happened upon this restaurant by accident, as out-of-town relatives invited me to dine with them when they had a cancellation in their group.  I'm glad they did.I'm not a foodie, not even a fake one, and can't testify to tasting seventeen different aspects of each course, but I can tell you that the Lamb Tenderloin I had with a side order of with Swiss Chard was fantastic.  The citrus-marinated olives are a treat as well.This is not my traditional dining experience; it's a bit above what I tend to favor.  However, I know when food tastes good, and I know when it tastes fresh, and FnB provides both in spades.With drinks (several Vox Rocks, Extra Dirty), I spent about twice what I normally do for dinner ($80 with tip), but you'll not hear me complain, as it was fantastic from start to finish.  I won't be here every week, but I can say it will be someplace at the top of my list in terms of occasion dining.
5	We were jazzed up to try out FnB after reading all the awesome reviews.  In short, we were not disappointed in the slightest.  It was a foodgasm.First, the atmosphere was sophisticated and urban, yet relaxed and fun.  I loved how the kitchen was in the middle of the dining room.  You will need reservations on the primary evenings.  We called the night before and still had to wait until 8:15 to get in on a Saturday night.  The dining area isn't huge.  For drinks, we decided against wine and went the mixed drink route.  They had a mulberry elixir that they made themselves that looked really interesting.  It also sounded perfect for the lamb tenderloin which I was planning to order.  My wife chose the Sundowner which was bitter and bubbly with a twist of citrus.  We both were quite happy with the drinks.For appetizers we split the beet, watermelon, feta salad.  Wow, what an interesting and refreshing salad.  Very complex but light.As I mentioned earlier I ordered the lamb tenderloin with eggplant and mint.  It was easily the best lamb dish I've ever had.  Impressive.  My wife ordered the pasta, a strozzapreti "strangle the priest" pasta with heirloom tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, basil and a housemade pancetta called tesa.  The sauce was very fresh and light and the pasta was cooked perfectly.For the dessert course we had the panna cotta with a blueberry sauce that was perfection as well as the butterscotch pudding which was incredibly rich with a complex flavor.  How many places serve butterscotch pudding?  Service was spot on and very attentive.  It was everything we would have wanted so 5 stars it is.
4	4 stars for Scottsdale, maybe 3.5 for LA.  Another key comment, this is not a Gastropub.  Not sure who initially qualified this restaurant as such, but my definition of a Gastropub is a location which serves gourmet-ish, comfort, casual, beer-friendly food with an extensive selection of craft beers and select liquors in a Euro-type setting..  This beer list is comprised of 3-4 beers and not sure any of them are on tap.  Also, there is really nothing "pub" about the layout of this restaurant. The central kitchen design won me over with the open-flame grill surrounded by bar seating in full view and participation of the women-only chefs creating fresh, simple yet uber-flavorful, seasonal dishes.  We walked in around 9ish on a Saturday night to have our pick of "counter" seating.  The kitchen is literally the size of a small bar area with an open flame grill, salamander and a couple of burners on the back side. I can't imagine how the chefs can operate in this space, but i suppose that prep work is the key.The menu is small (again, small kitchen) and based mostly on small plates and about 3-4 main dishes.  We ordered the shishito peppers with tahini and black sesame, the beet, watermelon and feta salad, corn on the cob with parmesan and mint and the pasta and pancetta dish along with the indian-inspired halibut with yogurt, basmati rice and cucumber.  The wine list is strictly Arizona wines, which I honestly didn't even know Arizona could produce wines.  So, the low down....  I can honestly say i don't like beets.  It annoys me that i don't, and so every once in a while i try something with beets just  to make sure that I'm not missing out.  The beet-watermelon salad was delicious.  I can't say that i now love beets, but i can say that the balance between the earthiness of the beets and freshness of the watermelon and creaminess of the feta made the dish the best beet dish I've ever had.  It was also complete with some crunchy curry-garlic-herb bits that were charred in the oven.  Ok, now i'm scared since i just wrote a novel about a dish that i usually don't like. Shishito peppers.... unreal.  Tobin downed about 15 of them in 2 minutes.  They were placed on a base of tahini and sesame oil and were charred to still green perfection.  We scooped up every last pepper and wanted more.  Corn on the cob with parmesan and mint, i would have never guessed that those ingredients would work, but they did and I'm excited for Tobin to replicate at home.And now the slight disappointment came from the main dishes.  The pasta dish was talked up by our host and it was really just another tasty pasta dish.  Pasta was cooked nicely, tomato flavor was good but i didn't taste the richness that was expected from the pancetta.  The Halibut was nice, but maybe too delicate in contrast to our starters.Now my one complaint... I was served a nice Syrah blend at first and as i finished my first glass with the starters, was not offered another glass (while of course, Tobin was brought a nice Sangiovese blend after his  sub-par first glass of Syrah).  Instead, the server, picked up my glass and no one was at our table to check in until after we had finished our mains.  The servers and staff seemed to be very occupied with a fellow (cute girl) foodie/critic/industry insider sitting next to us, and we got an unfortunate cold shoulder.  That's what always makes me sad about service, I can usually over-order on wine and other beverages, but somehow they don't see that and lose out on additional sales.  I guess it's always a blessing for me seeing as I save a hangover the next morning and have a few extra bucks in my bank account.Overall, i would recommend this place for anyone visiting Scottsdale and wants a quality, non-cheesy dinner atmosphere.  I would return next time i visit and hope to try more satisfying dishes and hopefully more than one glass of wine.
5	Hoooolllllly cripes on a popsicle stick.Ever eat a full-course meal and then want to start all over again because it was just that damned good? This place is a home run in every sense. Not just a regular home run, but one of the ones where the ball shatters the stadium lights and Robert Redford is running the bases with sparks falling everywhere. I honestly don't even remember every bit of what was consumed. It was a blur of pure delight. There were these delicious peppers in cream sauce and tomatoes with goat cheese for appetizers. Oh, man. I could've eaten those until the act was criminalized. At some point corn on the cob with parmesan appeared. Then entrees came. I had the halibut (yes, you can get insanely fresh seafood in Phoenix, it's a myth that you cannot). It was so perfect and firm and tasteful... others got the lamb and it was sinful. You have to literally find a wooden booth and go to confession after eating it. I'm available for light penance if you can't find willing clergy.Anyway, the desserts. I'm not a dessert-ordering person, but we got puddings and cakes and I wanted them all in my mouth immediately now. We polished everything off and I seriously wanted the menu back so I could start again. The drinks!  The drinks were off the hook. We tried ordering mint juleps but the bartender had other things in mind. He had invented a variation on the mint julep and would we care to try it? Of course we would. Oh, it was game on. So tasty.Also, the ambiance here is just killer. The kitchen is right there in the middle of everything... and it's the quietest, most efficient kitchen I've ever seen. Ever watch those reality shows where everyone is shouting in the kitchen? How long till the risotto is done and whatnot? I didn't hear a peep from those geniuses all night. They just toiled back there and pumped miracles all night. Also, most of the ingredients for everything made are local!Get thee to FnB.
5	Happy birthday to me! Possibly the best dining experience I've ever had. My date had dined at FnB on more than one occasion and talked it up quite heavily. Between trusting his palate and the 5 star direction of Pavle Milic, I literally didn't have to make any decisions. None. Being the control freak that I normally am, I really enjoy when someone else takes over and just 'makes it happen' for me. It's sexy. This time was no different. I wouldn't have changed a thing.We started off with a couple of perfectly crafted mint juleps and tasty marinated olives. I don't venture into mint julep territory very often but I'm glad we did. Light, refreshing and the perfect beginning to what would end up being over 2 hours of gastronomic sensory overload. The menu is forever changing; one of the perks of using only seasonal/local ingredients.The Braised leeks, mozzarella and over-medium egg is a little slice of heaven on a plate. Throwing an egg on almost anything will make my eyes light up. It's like bacon in that way...a no brainer. As for the entree, I had the jidori chicken and spaetzle. Holy WOW! Had I not known that it was chicken I would have assumed it was some sort of exotic fowl that I shouldn't legally be eating or maybe even WANT to be eating except it's so damn tasty that I can't stop, so ya...This was a first time spaetzle experience for my half German ass (sooo pathedic, I know) and it was superb. I have no comparison... but I am a dumpling fearing texture-phobe and let me just say there's nothing to be afraid of here. Insanely good! I did only have one bite of my guys lamb dish, though it too was excellent.I have a true soft spot in my heart for local wine and I've never seen a list composed entirely of such. Kudos FnB! I don't remember what we chose (see what happens when someone else does all the driving) but it pared perfectly with our meals.One more thing.....don't ever let anyone tell you that lemon cake and butterscotch pudding don't go together. They do. Let them scoff. The only rule is that there aren't any.
5	Y-E-S for FnB! Like last year's winner from the Republic's Critic Choice Best New Restaurant, Noca, this year's winner, FnB, is a recession era "fine dining" restaurant...classy but casual atmosphere; intimate service; and locally-sourced, high quality ingredients prepared simply and perfectly! I recommend sitting at the counter and watching the magic happen in the kitchen. The almost-completely Arizona wine list is a unique trait, and the Cabezas Meskeoli white blend was very nice. That said, they are a bit pricey (they probably come from small wineries not benefitting from economies of scale). The food menu changes often, so I won't comment on specific dishes, but I don't really think you can go wrong here...appetizers, entrees, and desserts were all superb! Food prices are reasonable for "fine dining"...not an everyday place, but it doesn't have to be relegated to once a year special occasions, either. And if you're a late night person, the special meals served after 10PM on Fridays and Saturdays make FnB even more affordable. I'd give FnB 4.5 overall.
5	FnB is FnGood! From start to finish, it was truly a wonderful evening and meal. It was a evening of catching up with some friends and the never made us feel rushed. Most places want to turn the table, but this place wanted to ensure we enjoyed ourselves. As for the food, there was nothing left on the plates. The food was so good, i think the entire party was tempted to lick the plates. The corn was very tasty and the Pate stole the show! I had always been on the fence with pate, but this place left me craving more. The lamb was great and the salads and pasta had such great flavor. All the food danced on my palette. And to finish the night off we ended with the Butterscotch Pudding. They say it has a following, and I proud to join that following. The texture and flavor was mind blowing. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. I will definitely be going back to FnB!
5	One of our favorite restaurants in the Phoenix area. The chef is originally from new York and you can see her cooking live in the open half kitchen as you walk in. Small venue with exceptional service and the menu changes as items go in and out of season locally. Extremely knowledgable staff that can cater to foodies and novices alike. If your in the mood for wine check out their selection of Arizona wines. Stronghold is a go to for the wine list. The broccoli is not to be missed.
5	I was visiting a friend in Scottsdale and was yelping my way around tryin' to figure out where to eat. Somehow I found this place. At the last minute they were able to give us a reservation for dinner... We ended up being seated in the owner's section. He started off the evening by letting us know that he didn't recognize us... when we explained it was because we were New Yorkers... and it was our first time, he aimed to impress! Local wine, a carefully plotted menu, and a free dessert... even after we were stuffed... For a couple of New Yorkers who moved west, the staff at FnB definitely did the East Coast proud in a dainty little bistro in the wild, wild west. After hours, by the way, on the weekends, they turn on some different music... and have an alternate menu. Very awesome spot.
4	My only wish was that FnB was a little closer. Otherwise, I really cannot fault the restaurant for anything. The portions are manageable, the prices are right, and the flavors are outstanding. The staff truly has a knack for making you feel welcome and comfortable. The dishes were seasoned perfectly and accompanied each other very well. The only item I did not care for were the fried oysters, as the texture of oysters usually make me cringe. However, that does not mean that they are not good, its just that they did not leave an impression on me and that's just a personal preference.I left FnB very satisfied. I would go there every night if I could and if the distance did not matter. Pavle and Emily, thank you for bringing a culinary delight into the Old Town Scottsdale spotlight. I wish you continued success.
5	Great atmosphere.  Not pretencious.  Clean, homey and hip. Best of all- DELICIOUS.  This place is run by some major girl power.  I loved the watermelon, feta, cucumber salad.  Wow who knew that all went together.  I had the chicken they have this summer and it was just so flavorful.  The dessert is good, but not over the top (but some times I LOVE over the top).  Such a lovely dinner.  I will say I don't think it's for kids.
5	This place IS as good as it gets.  I travel a lot for work and try to eat at the best places in whatever city I am.  Fnb is a gem and a foodie heaven.  I was lucky enough to dine at the counter with no reservation early on a Tuesday night.  I had no idea that they fill up so fast after 7 on a weekday.  Upon sitting at the counter, I was warmly greeted and given a run down on the specials of the evening which included a marinated beef tongue as an appetizer and a Ribeye steak for an entree.  Being an heirloom tomato addict, I chose a salad of heirloom tomatoes, avocado, almond, and ricotta to start and the grilled lamb tenderloin with eggplant, carrots, and mintThe heirloom tomato salad was ridiculous.  The avocado and ricotta perfectly complemented the sweet and tart tomatoes which were lightly covered with a simple dressing.  I am not able to get this quality of produce at home in the midwest very easily, so I was enjoying every bite as much as I could.  It was a great and fresh start to my meal.After sipping a great wine recommended by the matre'd, I received my entree of medium rare marinated lamb with grilled eggplant and carrots.  First off, I have cooked and tried many lamb dishes from around the world and this lamb was THE best lamb I have ever put in my mouth.  Perfectly cooked and seasoned.  There was a faint hint of garlic to the meat, but not over powering.  A truely superb dish.  The eggplant and carrots just added to the pleasure.  Both were wonderfully cooked and positioned with the sliced lamb for a great presentation.I unfortunately did not get a chance to try dessert due to my incredibly fully stomach, but upon my next visit, I will probably not eat for 2 days so I can have 3 courses.  This place is an incredible spot and you can definitely see that the executive chef loves their job and the food they cook.  5 STARS!
4	Recommended by a fellow Yelper from Phoenix. Everything all Yelpers said about the place was right on the money! Looking forward to my next visit.
5	They say love hurts. I love FnB, and the place hurts me.Trying it on the recommendation of many friends, we snuck into the counter on late notice to give it a try. We had to try the appetizers, right? Oh, and they were so good not a scrap survived.  Our main course - same problem.  Stuffed, whimpering, we saw them trot out the desserts. Oh no, no... but we had to try them, right?Moaning, aching, we waddled out of FnB stuffed to the top with good F and B.  If our poor bellies survive, I hope they toughen up as we want to put them through the challenge again!
5	I first found out about FnB while reading the New Times.  I didn't think much of it but then saw the glowing reviews on here and put 2 and 2 together.  Due to the use of local ingredients, and a unique concept we decided to try it out.  We started with a few cocktails and some fried oysters.  The fried oysters were different that some I've had before.  They were super crisy on the outside, but raw and fresh on the inside.  I prefer my oysters still in the shell, but my gf loved them.  For the meal I had a pasta (made in-house) dish with heirloom tomatoes and mozzarella.  The gf had the chicken dish with polenta.  Both were fantastic.  The portions were large too, so we had some to take home.  For desert we had a buttercake which was almost like a big cupcake with vanilla ice cream and fresh peaches.  It too was awesome.This places rating is for real.  Our server was very knowledgeable and explained the menu to us well.  The food was fresh and delicious.  I love the local vibe to the items and the creativity of the menu.  Everything about this place was great.  The place is fairly small so I recommend a reservation.  After your done you are in the heart of town and are within walking distance of any number of places to grab a drink.
5	When I mean 5 star, I mean 5 STARR...but this place is SPECTACULAR!! Pavle & Charleen are such a fantastic duo....they really know how to make your dining experience exquisite!  The food, not to mention the service, is truly unbelievably delicious!! If you want to have some amazing food and get top notch service while doing so, the time has come for you right here in beautiful Arizona!!HATS OFF FOR FnB!!
5	I was hesitant to eat here. More sad than scared. We were so in love with SeaSaw and such giant fans of Nobu; so it was bittersweet to hear that something good had opened in the former SeaSaw location.But from the moment we were met by Pavle at the door, we got over the past and were ready to jump in. Enough has probably been said about the food, in more detail than I care to get into. But 2 things stand out:1) my wife is the ribeye queen. you wouldn't know it to look at her, but she'll hork down a whole ribeye while i'm still on my first cut of my filet. well a new standard has been set. they source their beef from a farm in kansas called Creekstone Farms. it was the best ribeye she's ever tasted and she savored every bite. she's even gotten in touch with the farm to try to get some for home.2) i don't eat vegetable pastas. ever. i know there are some very good vegetable pastas, but i just have this hangup about having at least some small amount of animal protein in my pasta. a little pancetta, seafood, whatever. that ended with the strozza preti (priest chokers) at FnB. not a scrap of meat in sight and it was fantastic. i nibbled slowly on every tender little noodle to drag out the experience.FnB simply fires on all cylinders. From the initial greeting to the final sip, slurp or bite. Don't miss it.
5	This place is incredible. The atmosphere, the wine & beer, the service, and above all else the food. It is a tad pricey but worth every penny and more. GREAT date night spot, great place to get together with a group of friends, great for appetizers, just dessert, wine, anything you can think of. I definitely plan on showcasing this place whenever friends or family come into town. If there is a large group make sure and call ahead for reservations because it is a small dining room and it does fill up!!
5	If I could only eat at one place for the rest of my life, it would have to be at FnB. This is ultimate comfort food for me - with the bulk of the menu highlighting local in-season organic vegetables from McClendon and other local farms. Charleen prepares dishes that pay the ultimate homage to the vegetable and the farmer with perfect seasoning, contrast, balance and temperatures. Beyond vegetables, the housemade burrata was light as a cloud and shrimp grilled to perfection on the mesquite. Dishes at FnB are simple but often the simplest dishes are the hardest to get right as there is nothing to hide behind - ingredients have to be fresh and of the highest quality and execution must be perfect. Charleen and her crew strike it out of the park almost every time.Service is professional, attentive and friendly. Pavle and his team make you feel right at home, which is the other reason why I would happily eat here everyday.
4	I had low expectations because it looked like one of those places whose menu was trying too hard to be unique so much so that the menu didnt sound particularly appetizing... BUT then I actually went and it was darn good. I am a picky eater but everything I tried was delicious. On this summer's menu: Chickpeas = my favorite thing on the menu. Okra= decent. crispy squash blossoms = to die for. i had the quail. it was decent but nothing special. my boyfriend had the porkchops and felt the same way. for dessert we had the chocolate pudding and the bluberry shortcake- both amazingly sweet and decadent. we heard you had to reserve your desserts early because they run out... just a tip. anyway, i would go again. great service also.
2	Went there on  a quite Sunday night, shared a different number of appetizers, not very impressed with the execution. It was just ok, i guess i was expecting a lot better considering the good reviews and the high prices.
5	Another great local restaurant. This place is pricey (at least for my budget) but if you're looking to treat yourself I can't think of a better way.It's a smaller place, I like being able to see into the kitchen, but I feel like they need a little more space. It can be too cramped for groups larger than 4 - and even 4 can be a stretch. But the food is incredible. It's locally grown and it's so hard to pick when you're looking at the menu. The only solution is multiple trips.And if that's not enough, the service is phenomenal. Our waiter (and also owner I believe) was extremely helpful. He described the menu items to us in mouthwatering detail. And when I asked him to pair a glass of wine to my dinner, he took the time to really consider it and ask me about my tastes and found a wine that I absolutely loved. So much in fact that after the rough day I'd had, I asked him to bring me another glass. I joked "I don't know how much it costs but it was so good I don't care. No, don't tell me, I don't want to know - I just know after the long day I had I deserve another glass." He laughed at that and then a few minutes later he came around and topped my glass off, instead of charging me for a full second glass. I really appreciate little things like that. That one move pretty much solidified me being a long-term customer.Try FnB. You won't be disappointed.
5	Even though it took us 2 hours to get seated (no fault of FnB, Joel L NEEDED to sit by the window!), I had an awesome time here last night.See, I get teased a lot for never leaving CenPho.  In fact, Lara asked me "Are you ever allowed to get out?" so I knew it was time to finally check this place out.I'd been in touch with Pavle for a couple days.  He's adorable!!  Had to meet him.They have late night eats, which is $10 plates after 10pm.  Score!!!  They had two choices last night: brisket and chilaquiles for the vegetarians.  Once we were seated, it only took about 10 minutes to get our food.  We were served a small veggie platter to tide us over.  There were these little garlic pickles that were to die for!  Kirti even asked for a little extra of these and they were devoured instantly.The place was PACKED.  They were out of the brisket, but seemed to come up with two servings for my dining companions. I had the chilaquiles.  Holy cripes!  They were delicious and came with an egg on top.  I loooooooooooooove eggs.  So much so that I want to marry an egg.  Not Humpty Dumpty, because I'm little, but maybe he has a little cousin or something.Anyway, the service was unbelievable.  They made me some lime drink concoction (non-alcoholic).  I had 3 of them!  Chunks of lime, lots of ice.  Sooooo delicious, especially for a warm summer night.Sitting by the window was the BEST.  Watching the drunk Scottsdale girls stumbling around Old Town made the wait worthwhile.  Watching them park?  Priceless.I ran into a lot of CenPho Escapees there, too.  What does this mean?  That it's ok to venture to Old Town, but *only* for FnB.Thank you so much, Pavle, for an amazing night.  And thanks to my friends, for making me feel guilt-free about leaving my 'hood.
5	Dinner here was like having a mini-vacation. I don't know what I can say about FnB that hasn't already been shouted from the rooftops.Pavle and Charleen are the dynamic duo of Old Town. I've been in for dinner several times and can't keep away during late night on the weekends. I look forward to the twitter update every week that lets you in on the menu. It doesn't take long to round up 4-5 people as ready for dinner as I. If you go with 2-3 people sitting at the open bar around the kitchen is really the way to go. Make a reservation for dinner and let the staff help guide you through the ever changing menu, which includes lot of locally grown produce. The wine list is a true showcase of the wines Arizona has to offer. If you are new to Arizona wineries let the staff guide you there as well, and I promise you will be pleasantly surprised. I had a macaroni and cheese this past Friday I could live off forever. I don't love lamb generally - but I loved theirs. Save room for dessert, because at FnB it is always worth the extra two miles on the treadmill.
4	This is going to be a weird review for me.  I'm normally not a fan of places where I don't really love the food.  We were only there for appetizers then had to move on for the evening.  Everything we had was pretty good but it is more "chick" food than anything else.  I have no doubt everything was made to order using only the highest quality local ingredients, but I found it a little too fru fru.  Same with the entrees with the exception of the pork chop.I love the look of this place and I love how helpful and friendly the staff was especially the owner (at least I think he was the owner or something).  I also love the idea behind this place - a place that specializes in quality Arizona foods AND wines.  And the final clincher as to why I am a fan of this place (and probably most importantly) is because my wife loves it.  She wants to come back soon and try every single one of their appetizers and sample some other AZ wines.
5	FnB is not your average dinning experience, it is much much better. The food is fresh, made to order right in front of you and unique. My boyfriend and I  had several of the appetizers: the chickpeas, the peppers (which are not on the online menu), and the fried zucchini, which were all very flavorful, I would order all three again, but the fried zucchini chips were truly off the charts. We then split a salad the 'green salad' which has cucumber, grapes, celery and ricotta. I can honestly say I would eat this salad everyday if I could. For an entree we split the halibut with quinoa, which was also amazing. All and all the food was as good if not better than any restaurant out there. My Hangar and soda and my boyfriend's Dark and Stormy were outstanding as well. If I lived in Scottsdale I would dine at FnB no less than once per month. The restaurant is small and most of the seats are at the bar. I would not recommend FnB for parties of 6 or more. It should also be noted I do not rate restaurants of this caliber on price, you get what you pay for and FnB is worth every penny!!!
4	What a great place!  The food was beyond fresh and so flavorful.  We sat at the bar and watched the 3 chefs create the fantastic food right before us.  The pork chop was amazing served with fresh peaches and corn and the special squash blossom appetizer was delicious.  Great service in a quaint atmosphere!
2	I am not sure I went to the same place as all the other reviews due to the fact nothing is fantastic here except Pavle the server. He was funny, kind and attentive. Six of us came here for a late night dinner. We ordered several different things on the menu and shared. I was not impressed with one thing i tried, and most of our group felt the same way. The blossoms were luke warm and over fried. The salame sandwich which was described as cheesy goodness barely had any cheese on it. I ordered the butterscotch pudding which was described as "to die for, people rave about it". The pudding was gritty, chalky tasting and not good at all. The best thing that several of us enjoyed was the random cookie that came with the sandwich. This should not be the case. Pavle was so kind and took the dessert of my tab. The service was great but for the price and the taste of food, I will not be returning to FnB
4	Stopped in "on the fly" this past Sunday just before the rush around 6:30pm. The hostess was very accomodating in making room for two of us without a reservation. With just 40 seats, even the bar stools are reserved. The agua fresca cocktail was too sweet for my taste so I moved on into a wine recommendation of the Pillsbury chardonday with my appetizer/dinner. I was a little dissapointed with the squash blossom appetizer. The filling tasted as if it was nothing more than "plain old" mozzarella cheese. The halibut was excellent over a spiced quinoa and my SO said the Salad of lamb's tongue was excellent. For dessert my SO felt his panna cotta with blackberries was average.  The staff were friendly, helpful, and very knowledgeable about the food and wine offerings. As a couple without a reservation and the restaurant starting to get busy, our dining experience was perfectly paced and we were not in any way hasten to relinquish our seats.  Definitely returning to this restaurant for more.
5	When I first heard about this place going in to this little space in  Scottsdale, I initially thought it was going to be an Italian restaurant...a cute little play on the Italian alphabet.F'n A, F'n B, F'n C...I know...not really Italian at all...more Brooklyn and Bronx.But it's not Italian at all...it's world food...world class, world of comfort, world food.After a number of meals at FnB over the past year, I'm trying to recall a dish that didn't knock my socks off...and I can't think of a single item!Last night was no exception!Chef Charleen was in the kitchen giving everything from roasted chickpeas and a little piece of cheese, to fried green tomatoes and braised leeks, her special touch...innovative, imaginative, interesting...but never at the expense of the food itself.She uses simple ingredients, her skill and imagination, and obvious love for the art of cooking, to make every dish special and astonishing.One of the things I love about going to FnB is just walking into the place...You can tell it's going to be a great meal just from the fabulous aromas coming from Chef Charleen's kitchen...plus, who doesn't like the Technicolor floor in this place!The Beautiful Carin and I have had a few things to celebrate lately and another terrific dinner at FnB seemed like a fitting way for us to enjoy a lovely Saturday evening together.In addition to sharing our braised leeks and fried tomatoes and what-have-you, we spent our dinner feeding each other Red Snapper (pan-fried with a dusting of cumin and couscous) and pasta with bacon and morels...satisfying and rewarding entrees, that delighted us both with the flavors and with the quality of the food and the preparation!A quick word about the service at FnB...and that word is "welcoming"...Pavle and his excellent staff encourage you to linger just a little bit longer...to enjoy your conversations and relax with your meal...to enjoy the ambiance and the fact that you are in another world for while.So we did...with coffee, cordials (Chartreuse will set you free) and some of the best little sweet treats you will ever eat...Butterscotch Pudding that is sublime in both its simplicity and subtlety and Chocolate Date Cake...nutty, chocolaty and cinnamon-y.People occasionally ask me to name my favorite restaurant...I know, that surprises me too!When they do ask, I'm generally hard pressed to pick out one particular restaurant from the five or six that I would consider the best places I've ever eaten...and FnB easily falls in that top five.But I will tell you that if I had to eat at only one restaurant for the rest of my life...I would do just fine at FnB!
4	Yum. Garbanzo appetizer is a must. The lamb was amazing and cooked perfectly. The fish w/ quinoa -- wow. We ordered the leek appetizer based on it being named one of the top dishes in the country. Honestly, we didn't understand the appeal. Unique, yes and the leeks themselves were flavorful but the cheese and bread crumbs on top seemed incongrous with the other flavors. Glad we tried it but not a fave.Nice wine list and the staff was friendly and helpful.
4	This is a difficult restaurant to review because you simply want to love it.  The owners have spruced-up the old (sadly missed) Sea Saw space with an open kitchen and an eclectic menu.  The room is warm, fun and comfortable.  The staff is eager and earnest.  You want to linger.  The menu is eclectic, although fairly limited.  So, it's difficult to articulate why FNB seems to just miss.  The buzz is there.  The staff works incredibly hard and it's fun to watch the chefs on display. But, although FNB strives to be something more, it remains firmly rooted in the US southwest with culinary offering dominated by familiar strong, electric, flavors.  Specifically, the dishes seem to lack finesse.   The lamb's tongue salad, for example, seems to contain a small herd of sheep.  Fresh corn overwhelms a delicate pasta dish. An iron-finished creme brulee is diminished by an ever so slightly burnt sugar crust.  Unnecessarily strong seasonings dominate a beautifully prepared quail. All of these dishes are fundamentally solid, but could be so much better with a little more faith in the ingredients and a slightly softer touch.  The small AZ-centric wine list is a loving nod to the growing local wine industry, but it really needs some diversity.    Still, despite some shortcomings, FNB is a welcome alternative to the plethora of concept restaurants and deserving of its apparent success.
5	Go. To. FnB.I just recently had my anniversary dinner at FnB with my girlfriend and it was truly a phenomenal experience. Char, Pavle and Emily deserve every pleasant thing that I've heard about them, and they certainly deserve every single star in this review. I felt like a "guest" (I want to stress guest because I didn't just feel like a customer) the whole time I was in the restaurant. Oh, and I noticed the same treatment to the rest of the guests in the restaurant as well; Pavle knows what he's doing.Oh, yeah! Food! We tried a lot of different items on the menu by splitting everything, and I couldn't have been happier. We had the eggplant with pomegranate, za'atar and yogurt, a cauliflower dish that was substituted for the okra dish, the braised leeks and the pasta with creme fraiche, bacon and butternut. Every single dish  was very well crafted with multiple layers of flavor and texture, but they were very simple when it came to ingredients. I would really like to say that there was one thing that I would call favorite, but I can't. If the cauliflower stays on the Fall 2010 menu, it's worth a try. The eggplant was dreamy to me because I love za'atar. Za'atar is a simple Middle Eastern spice blend that adds a great flavor to most things it is put on, and it brought the eggplant dish together. The braised leeks? Well, I now understand why critics are crazy about them... Fantastic mozzarella, mustard bread crumbs and leeks covered with a gooey eggs? Count me in anytime. Lastly, the pasta. Bacon is really a wonderful thing to see when looking at the description of a pasta dish  that already had butternut and creme fraiche. It didn't disappoint; scrumptious until the last bite.Oh my... I've gone on and on. I couldn't help it though, FnB was and is a place with hype that does not falter when faced with customers ready to be blown away. It was worth every penny and I can't wait to head back down to Old Town the next time I want to have a great meal at a classy (and cozy) eatery.PS: My girlfriend and I also had the butterscotch pudding for dessert. Wow, just wow...
5	Pavle; he's done it again. Food and service was great. Took my travel partner and she loved it! Thanks Phoenix for the great recommend!The only thing was by the time I got there; they had run out of a couple entrees and one of their salads. I had a salad with a very light vinegarette dressing and the duck. Absolutely delicous
4	I went with two girlfriends. The squash blossoms were wonderful, the ambience was great. Everything was done to perfection. I especially appreciate my pork chop, it was thick and grilled to a medium rare that flawless. Juicy and flavorful.The quail was the show stopper. I would highly reccomend it. I am sure the menu has changed now since it is seasonal, I will get back to you guys when I go back.Thw wine list features wines made in AZ, I did not partake this time around. I will certainly try a bottle the next trip. It was a very sensual experience for my tastebuds!  Yum!
3	Before I begin my review, it's important to note that I arrived without a reservation on the night of their one-year anniversary (total accident).  I was greeted in a very unusual way; I was told they could seat me at the bar if I left at exactly 6 o'clock (I walked in right when they opened at 5).  I worked in the service industry for over 2 years and I have never told a guest that they can eat if they leave in an hour.  It's sort of a ridiculous request; as a customer, you can't control how long it takes for your food to come up.  It's also not very welcoming; then again it was their anniversary, I had no reservation and they were squeezing me in.  I think the better way to have handled it would have been to put no deadline on my dinner and quietly tell the kitchen to rush any order I put in. Regardless, I was seated and my server was very sweet and I felt right at home. I ordered the piece of cheese, fruit, and grilled nut bread for an appetizer. I was brought an excellent slice of brie, perfect plums and a spicy fruit spread.  The bread was burned though. Not necessarily worth $9, but still okay. For my salad course I ordered the bloomsdale spinach, sungold tomatoes, pinenuts and goat ricotta. Oh my God!  Amazing. The bloomsdale spinach is this leafy green, similar in appearance and texture to kale without the nasty taste. Because it wasn't limp, the dressing didn't wilt the leaves and the contrast in texture with the pinenuts and ricotta goat cheese was superb. I was really impressed they didn't go with the usual feta. It was susggested I order the pasta, chanterelles (type of mushroom), bacon, tarragon, asiago, butternut squash and creme fraiche dish. I ordered it without bacon and it arrived with bacon.  No big deal, except no one checked on whether I was enjoying the dish; I had to flag someone down, which was a challenge and took 10 minutes.  Normally this would not have been a big deal, but I was on a deadline and only had 20 minutes left. When the new dish of pasta arrived it was so overwhelmed with asiago, I couldn't discern between the mushrooms and squash--all I tasted was cheese and creme fraiche. Also, at $21 for a modest portion, it was slightly overpriced (although I realize the ingredients are seasonal and exceptional quality).  If you do decide to order that dish, I recommend asking for no cheese; the creme fraiche was enough. My server asked if I would like dessert and I said I couldn't--it was 6. He told me he could move me to another table and I could have my dessert there.  It seemed like a lot of hassle and I just wanted to take my leftovers home and enjoy them without rushing, so I declined.  He brought me my check and a yummy minature cookie and I was on my way. Overall, I think the menu is thoughtful but overpriced.  If you are a foodie, I strongly recommend going for the experience but making a reservation first. Bon Appetit!
5	One of my favorite books  is Michael Pollan's "Omnivore's Dilemma".  Pollan explains how humans have the rare luxury of being able to determine what to eat from a virtually limitless supply of options. Not only can we choose what foods to consume (meats, grains, veggies, dairy, etc...)  we can narrow down that decision to cuisines, preparation styles (raw, steamed, grilled, etc..), the food's source (local, industrial, pastoral) and if the food was scientifically altered somehow (molecular gastronomy, genetic engineering, hydrogenation, etc..)Choices, choices, choices!  While I love food, sometimes I just don't want to think about it anymore. I want to let the professionals take over. The good people over at FnB are the pro's I have been looking for. I had dinner there last Saturday night. I could break it all down for you and describe each dish, but I want this review to focus on the general concept of placing your trust in a restauranteur. While I have only been once, I now trust that FnB will serve fresh, local produce. I trust that the menu is simple and seasonal. I trust that I am not a mere piggy bank funding their next concept restaurant. I trust that the chef will produce really good food without cutting corners by adding excess amounts of salt, butter, cream or sugar (don't insult my palate's intelligence). And I trust that members of the kitchen staff get paid more than the decorators or "ambiance engineers".I trust FnB to follow through for me so I have no regrets.  I'm definitely going back soon. In fact, what the hell.... I'm going back next weekend. Hope to see you there.
3	Maybe my expectations are getting high...but why not?   We went to FnB last night and the menu lacked great choices.  The whole menu except for the last 4 items and one item on the top was all vegetarian.  We started with the cheese plate and it was a small slice of blue bree,nuts and burnt piece of nut bread that we witnessed being scraped off after it was burned and a blob of yucky apricot goo...wouldn't the dish washer tell them no one was eating it?Next we had a braised leeks with mozzarella with a fried egg on it...it would be fine as a side... but not an app?Next came the pasta...it was ok, not house made it had a heavy sauce and a lot of chewy mushrooms,squash cubes and wilted bacon...nothing special.Dessert was a steamed chocolate cake that was dry as a bone served with a table spoon size scoop of banana ice cream...the coffee was pretty good.The tap water was even bad so we ordered bottled...I fear that the owners are cutting corners and making things that are easy to make with the small quarters they have.  We have been many times before and the menu has been more inspired and so has the food.  I hope they are not getting burned out...
4	We came here for dinner on Friday night and I absolutely loved the charm of this place. Its a tiny little restaurant that packs a lot of punch. We were seated at the bar, which happens to surround the kitchen which is in the middle of the restaurant. It was awesome, we could watch the 3 chef's work silently while preparing everyone's food. Pavle, the owner took great care of us all evening and he was so fun to chat and laugh with! He recommend a great bottle of wine and decanted it for us in one of his MANY awesome decanters. It was a nice touch. We started off the meal with the cheese plate and it was good. The nut bread was fresh off the grill and the cheese paired perfectly with the apples, almonds and spicy apricot spread. For the salad we ordered the molina lettuces. This lettuce is hand picked for them daily and you can really taste the freshness of the greens. They were crispy and spicy and the mayo blue cheese was so good on top with the explosion of pomegranate seeds. It was sooo fresh and sooo delicious. I loved the salad. For our mains, I had the Cod and my boyfriend had the pasta and both were equally delicious. Mine was a little salty, but all in all the fish was cooked perfectly. It was a perfectly executed meal. We debated on dessert and had the chocolate steam cake and I wasnt overly impressed with it. The peanut crunch on top was better than the cake I thought. We were the last ones in the restaurant and Pavle entertained us the entire night! He suggested restaurants for my boyfriend to check out while in town this week. He was great! I would definitely recommend checking this place out! The service was TOP notch, the food was stellar and the charm of this place will put a smile on your face!!
5	Hands down, FnB is my favorite restaurant in Arizona. This small gem in Old-Town Scottsdale is a unique, classy place with food and service that are nothing short of stellar. Sitting down at the high top bar that encompasses the cooking suite is my favorite place to dine. Being able to engage with chef Charleen Badman and the kitchen staff as they prepare your food is a key element in the dining experience. However, the unforgettable experience begins as soon as you walk in the door. Pavle Milic runs the front of the house and is the most sincere and charming man you will ever meet. His passion for serving and fussing all over patrons gives FnB a unique charm. The interior makes you feel like you're in a street-side cafe in New York.I've been here many times and decided it was finally time to write a review. I remember last year I brought my mom in on Mother's Day and we tried the Braised Leeks with the Fried Egg ($13). We wanted to try a dish that was different than something else we would normally order, and this hit the spot. No wonder it was listed as one of the 10 Best Restaurant Dishes of 2010 by Food & Wine. This was an amazing dish, and something only Charleen could come up with. I love her dynamic approach to taking the "ugly" vegetables and turning them into delicious food. Pavle features an exclusive Arizona wine list, and rightly so. Arizona wines have much to offer and Pavle is a strong supporter of Arizona wines. I am a huge fan of Sam Pillsbury's wines, and always happy to have a glass of the Diva or Roan Red ($13) at  FnB. Pavle also does cocktails right. The Sundowner - Aperol and bubbly ($9) is done perfectly, reminding me of my trip to Italy. For a special after-dinner drink, the Chartreuse VEP ($16) is an exquisite beverage and worth the splurge. Pavle, his wife Emily, Charleen and the whole staff are one of the main reasons I go back. Their friendship that was built through this little restaurant is very valuable. The food is innovative and takes simple food and does it in ways that you wouldn't have thought. One final note, working in the foodservice industry, I absolutely love the late night food that is available on Saturday nights from 10-midnight. The vibe changes and it's a hangout where you can grab a great dish (chilaquiles!) and a cold local beer.
5	This was the highlight of my business trip to Phoenix.  Everything I had was excellent, and the service is second to none.  I fly back just to eat here.
5	OK so this will be a complete/incomplete review of FnB and you will understand what I mean by this shortly. I came here last night for my first time. First let me tell you that FnB is closed on Tuesday nights but will open for private events, which is totally cool in my book. Last night was a surprise birthday party for my friend set up by his girlfriend, (what a great gf!). Since this was not one of their regular nights I have to make this clear, I did NOT taste anything from their menu, so that's where the review is kind of incomplete. FnB did a showcase of a cheese sampler. I would have to say that at least 20 different types of cheese's were offered for us to try, with many side dishes to accompany the cheese. Just to name a few cheese's there were cheddar, bleu, goat, etc... Some of the side dishes were sausage, beets, garbanzo beans, couscous, melon, and prosciutto, just to name a few and help give you an idea. I for one have never been to a cheese tasting before and after last night I'm slapping myself in the face for never going to one in the past. The quality of the cheese was amazing, although there were some that I was not found of. The side dishes were amazing and some of them I was not found of. Not that they weren't prepared correctly, I'm just not a fan of everything. But overall, I could not have been more pleased with what was presented to me. I will definitely have to say that the thing that I was most happy with was the design of the place. FnB has a open kitchen. Any other restaurant that I have ever been to with an open kitchen the, all the guest are seated and the open kitchen is in the back. The complete opposite is done here. The open kitchen is in the middle, the main focal point and the seating is done around that. Totally cool I felt. It really gave you the feeling that they were cooking for you. Like as though you were watching a relative in the kitchen cook and you know that they are cooking just for you. A totally rad concept I thought. The charm of this place was also appealing. Multi colored tile flooring and the dining room I would say is capable of holding 50 patrons. I think at one time we were at 30 patrons. As far as the staff goes, they were all really sweet, and I didn't get the feeling that any of them were pissed that they had to come in on their day off. They were all very accommodating and you could tell that they wanted us to have a great time! Hell, the head chef was actually on a plane when we started our meal and she came straight to the restaurant from the airport. Total commitment on her part and a class act I thought. Overall I had such a great experience here last night! I have no complaints whatsoever. I cant wait to go back and actually try something from their menu. If what they offered me last night was that good, I can only imagine what I will experience when I go back there. And definitely sooner that later!! Enjoy!!
5	This place is really as good as it gets.  Amazing atmosphere (if you sit at the bar you can watch all the chefs make magic), very cozy and fun, and the food is fantastic. Oh, and the wine list totally rocks. We also really appreciate that there are lots of vegetarian options that are delicious. We had a great time sitting at the bar drinking our wine and sampling the food. Everyone who works there is very friendly and very very efficient with the service. I would say this place is on the top of my list of favorite restaurants in Arizona.
5	Solid 5 stars for an overall great experience.  This is my favorite kind of spot -- with excellent food and service, but without any of the pretentiousness that is often found at top restaurants.  The food was inventive and excellent.  The braised leaks lived up to the high marks given by others.  Our lamb entree was also a highlight.  The service was super.  Joshua was friendly and engaging.  We took all his recommendations on ordering and was very happy with his choices.If you plan to have wine, I recommend skipping the main wine list that is exclusively Arizona wines and asking for the "Plan B" list with other (better) options.
5	Outstanding food. Great cocktails. Every dish was outstanding.  Excellent service. Be sure to ask for their "unofficial" wine list (listing non-Arizona wines...much better selection).Worth a visit!  Thank you FnB!!
4	Busy Busy Busy.  Definately a place you need to call ahead and get a reservation for.  Was seated right in front of the kitchen and got a birds eye view of the goodies as they were being made.  Had the fried green tomatoes which were delicious.  Chickpeas were not really my thing, fried but a bit dry.  Jidori Chicken with polenta croutons was addictive.  The sauce, the buttery and fried polenta cubes.  I had to remember that I was in public and it was inappropriate to lick the plate clean.  The fingerling potatoes which are called "fat, fat potatoes" are delicious but nothing that I couldn't make at home.  The leeks are indeed delicious.  The menu is great for sharing, and in fact I think sharing is the way to go.  The restaurant was kind enough to send out a potato soup that was dressed with truffle oil and shaved black truffles.  That in itself was enough to convince me to come back again.  Truly delicious.
5	Delicious.  Attentive and courteous service, quaint location, and did I mention - delicious???  Thus far I've only been here for a Javelina Leap wine dinner, and normally I'd reserve judgement until I'd had a meal or two off the menu.  In this the deliciousness factor wins out and I'm going with 5 stars.  The dishes here are a perfect example of completely unexpected combinations of ingredients blending harmoniously to achieve...well... deliciousness.
3	I don't get the raves about this place.  I consider the Valley to be a pathetic food town. They are trying to stand apart, and they do, a little but  not enough to crow about.  I had the fennel salad, pretty good, the broccoli, pretty good, but my main course grouper was dud.  I think the fish had been frozen for too long, kind of mealy.  My friend at the table thought the same of the one he ordered. My spouse loved his duck pasta and our other friend liked the chicken a lot.  No specials, not a very big menu.One bathroom.  Not one per guy and gal.  Just one.  Very annoying here when some Scottsdale babe takes half hour to line the engorged plastic lips on her Botox paralyzed face.  Underwhelming.
5	Are you kidding me?  OMG.  I am not a frequent giver of the 5 stars.  Sooooo delicious.  By far, my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale.For apps, a piece of cheese and the radishes with local honeycomb and butter...ridic.  I wouldn't shut up about it.  For entrees, chicken, salad, and pasta with duck confit.  Amazing.  For sides, brussel sprouts with bacon, broccoli, and rutabagas with ginger creme fraiche.  All interesting flavors with excellent preparation.  For dessert, chocolate cake with toffee, blood orange sticky cake, butterscotch pudding, ginger with some sort of quats.  Soooooo freaking good.Friendly, attentive, and appropriate service.  Great atmosphere.  Lively and nice, without being too loud or too stiff.  I could go on and on.   We will be back!  This places lives up to all of its accolades.LOVED IT!
5	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):10 Food9 *Drinks*10 Service9 Atmosphere7 Value1) Tear crostini in half.2) Slather on Paradise Valley butter.  (We're talkin' a solid 2 millimeters.)3) Smoosh on some honeycomb honey.4) Gingerly place a cashew on each expected bite.5) Place in mouth and take 3-4 chews.6) Bite into a small radish.7) Close eyes and let life melt away into ecstasy.Their food doesn't have names, it just lists the components.  So now you can find that one.  That dish earns FnB a 6th star: *But they change up their menu constantly, because they only serve what's seasonal and available from local farmers.  So get it while you can.  Unless by the grace of god it's there forever.But not to be all one-tracky, because their other stuff is good too.  I particularly enjoyed the grilled broccoli w/ aioli, and also like their braised leeks.They serve some wonderful AZ wines, and their cranberry presbyterian was good, though i would have liked a little extra splash of alcyhol in it.They also have good dessert - but honestly I'd go down the street to Lee's alcohol ice cream for that.Make sure to notice the floor of the place.  It's super cool.  I totally want to do that in my kitchen!Okay, let me think back to those 7 steps of bliss again.....
5	This small restaurant is definately worth a try, but call ahead for reservations, they're very busy. I found the menu exciting and interesting; I litterally wanted to try everything. I did end up having the rainbow valley butter | radishes | local honey comb | cashews, the salad of lady apple | crispy prosciutto | pecans | blue cheese, and the grilled spicy broccoli | meyer lemon aioli | pistachio. They were all amazing, it was a euphoric experience.
5	Awesome place.I am pretty sure that this is my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale. Honeycomb, radishes, and a huge heap of rainbow valley butter for an appetizer? what?! Whaat? I had to take a picture of it. The waitress gave me a hard time about this, but she was cool :pMy coworkers and I went on a mission to try everything here. I do remember the brussel sprouts being too salty. but everything else was great. spicy broccoli...fat-fat cooked potatoes....perfectly grilled ribeeyeeeee.. .yummm..but i dooo remember the brussel sprouts being a bit too salty for me.. but i forgave them for this. In addition to the great food, it's a cute little restaurant with a lot of character. The servers (who are also your bartenders - i thought this was a bit interesting) are really friendly. Good memories here!
5	Add me to the list of those who call this their favorite Scottsdale restaurant. Just that. The menu is a delightful excursion, the wine list is superb and the service cannot be topped.
5	Awesome food, excellent service, and the open kitchen makes for an informative dining experience.... But make sure to make reservations!
5	thank you for your donuts at the OTFM
4	I love the atmosphere and the service was great! I love to cook do I sat at the bar where you can watch them cook! The menu is limited though! I had the braised leeks with a fried egg on top. It was ok but I think it would have been better had they added some bacon. When I asked for bacon they told me they could not accommodate me!  :(
4	What a fun place to go on a Saturday night date night!  My Husband and I went here because I've been dying to go based on the reviews on yelp.  Before going I had our meal all planned out in order to try the things people have most commonly recommended on yelp.  So, we had the valley butter, etc., which was so good, we especially loved the honeycomb.  We also had the braised leeks, which were tasty.  The jidori chicken with spatzel was my favorite.  It was so juicy and crispy and the spatzel with greens was amazing.  We also had the ginger cake, which was good, but not great.I really liked sitting at the bar watching the chef cook our meal and other meals, especially because I loved to cook.  I enjoyed the fact that they had only AZ wines/beers; the wine was great and my husband enjoyed his AZ beer. It was a great dinner and we will most certainly be back in the future!!!
3	Only in town for 3 days - So many restaurants, not enough time!  After much consideration, I chose FnB and did not regret it.  Located on a charming street in Old Town, this place was walking distance to several other restaurants and pubs.  The atmosphere was chic and bustling, while service was sincere and personal.  But mainly I picked this place for the unique counter seating that lets you watch the action in the kitchen.I appreciated that Friday night reservation was ready on time despite a full house, and my party of 4 was given the corner of the counter as promised!  Thank you!!FnB features local and seasonal produce, meats, and even wine!  We started off with some Arizona vino, which was surprisingly nice (even for the wine snobs in the group).  The food menu was extremely limited, even for a restaurant of this size.   There were only four entree selections... and NO FISH OPTION!   This is how I felt about that:  /:(Here's what we ate:* Braised leeks w/ mozzerella - This dish was praised in Food & Wine so perhaps my expectations were too high.  It tasted like leeks, cheese, and a fried egg.  There were no special flavors in this dish, and after sitting for 2 minutes the cheese got hard and rubbery.* Rainbow Valley Butter - Butter as an appetizer?  What the hell, we're on vacation!   The generous mound of freshly churned butter was awesome on top of crusty bread with local honey and cashews.  The radishes seemed an odd accompaniment but I was told radishes and butter are a classic French pairing.* Crispy Jidori Chicken - It's a good, basic roast chicken.  * Pasta du Jour - The pasta was a unique kind of shape, but other than that there was nothing special here.  There was a little bit of chewy pancetta and a ton of cauliflower florets in the pasta.  The sauce was broth-based with a hint of lemon.  Not great.* Seared Scallops - Lame dish.  The scallops were served on top of plain steamed jasmine rice/quinoa (but primarily rice), with a lemony relish.  Overall take?  Pleasantly surprised by atmosphere and service, underwhelmed by food.  Entrees are probably overpriced for what they are, but we still left full and happy.  Would possibly come back after checking out other restaurants in the area!
5	my favorite restaurant in the valley, no questions asked. everything is so carefully prepared, lovingly delivered to your table and so delicious. you can't go wrong, really. eat here. eat everything, eat it all. chef charlene badman has a way with vegetables. it's really pure magic. all my meat-eating companions have nothing but good things to say. go here. you won't be disappointed.
3	We booked a reservation here in advance from hearing all the hoopla about it. We were very excited to eat here. The service was wonderful, attentive, knowledgeable and professional. The food however really did not live up to what had read about it. The leek dish was good, but not great. The mozzarella was not a good choice of cheese on it. It seemed clumsy on a dish with such potential. We then had the scallops which were okay. They were lacking in overall flavor, though the scallops themselves were cooked perfectly. The pasta dish was a disaster. Our waiter made a big deal about the pasta being imported from Italy but it was poorly executed. It was like chewing on a gum ball. The crab in the dish seemed frozen and did not have a good flavor or consistency. The sauce on the pasta was soupy.We mentioned our disappointment of the dish to the waiter. He was gracious and took the dish off the bill which we did not expect or want. So to recap, service great, food not so much.
5	One of my favorite restaurants of all time.  I live in Albuquerque and get to Phoenix a few times per year and always have FnB as a place to go.  It's a casual and cozy atmosphere with great service and amazing food.  My favorite dish last visit was the Cauliflower, yes Cauliflower... it was sauted and had a Thai like sauce, wow!
5	This place is phenomenal I would go again and again! The food is unique, and it is great for sharing! The staff is extremely friendly and the atmosphere is positive. It is a small place so I would recommend making a reservation first. I cant say enough about this place. If I could I would marry it..
5	I could rave on and on about fnb, but that'd just be repetitive given what everyone else here has said. So instead, I'd rather just give you my TOP 5 TIPS for a LEGENDARY FNB EXPERIENCE1. Call ahead. Atleast a week, because the days of popping in are long gone. My impression is that if you're willing to take the old people slots (REALLY early, like 5pm) or the raver slots (the latest seating), you're good to go. But that sweet spot 7pm seating? You can't call early enough. 2. Relinquish control of your drink choices. FnB has one of the most talented mixologists in town- his cocktails are made of unicorn dust and leprachan DNA.  Relay your tastes and something magical will appear before you, whether its a cocktail or wine perfectly suited to you. 3. Don't overthink the menu. Its divided into four "parts" which loosely translate to "starters, more starters, possible side dishes but could also be starters, and entrees". Don't try to outsmart the menu, like some guests of mine have, just pick a few starters, an entree and a few sides for the table. There is literally nothing on menu that could be bad, so share everything. 4. FnB vegetables contain opiates.  This is not scientific, but purely observational, because FnB has over the past year made me love fava beans, spaghetti squash, and rutabagas, none of which I have ever been gaga over. They just do something great to veggies, and at some point i'll learn to order nothing else while there. Dear Pavle & Charleen, I hate brussel sprouts. If anyone could change that opinion, it'd be you. 5. If there are leeks on the menu, order them. Do not pass go, do not collect 200$, just go directly to leeks. This seasonal dish is legendary- an odd mix of mozzarella, braised leeks, breadcrumbs and an egg. Its heaven. The unwritten rule is this: introduce yourself. To Pavle, to Charleen, to Colleen, to Emily, to everyone on staff. They are the friendliest, warmest, most wonderful people, and good friends to have.
4	Another place that needs to think about expanding.  A very tight space, with a limited entree menu, but worth the hassle and hype.  The jidori chicken with spaetzle dumplings and broccilini was heavenly.  The rock shrimp came out fried like popcorn shrimp.  But it was so much better than what you'd expect from popcorn shrimp.  The batter was light, almost non-existent, shrimp was tender and juicy and it was pared with a dipping sauce you'd want to dip everything with.  The Tuscan kale falafel didn't disappoint and was a good starter.  The trout and fennel salad was a good combo of flavors that I didn't expect to be good, but was.Overall, a great place to try different small dishes and share.  The entree selection was limited to four items so I'd say it's not a place for large parties.  But bring your favorite two or three people and have a good ole time!
4	Seeing so many good reviews I was curious to try.  The kitchen is in the middle of the restaurant and I sat at the bar over looking it.  It's always interesting to see the chefs in action.  The server was extra friendly.  The atmosphere was hip.  And the food was creative and delicious.  Each dish better than the next.  FnB did not disappoint.
5	Absolutely superb. My boyfriend made reservations about a week ago for my birthday dinner last night at FnB. They called him earlier in the day yesterday (Friday) to confirm, which I absolutely love. We arrived 15 minutes early but were seated immediately by Pavle. He pulled out my chair for me, called me all different terms of endearment, was incredibly attentive, etc etc. When my boyfriend asked if they had lemonade, Pavle said "no, but I have simple syrup and lime juice in the back. How about a limeade?" It seems silly, but that was such a great touch. Also, the limeade was awesome!We ordered the moz/leeks/egg dish and oh, wow. The leeks were cooked perfectly, the bread crumbs added the perfect crunch, and the egg mixed with the delicious, warm, gooey mozzarella was the perfect mixture of tastes and texture. Wow. We also ordered the grilled spicy broccoli with pistachios. Perfect amount of spiciness - not so bland that you're questioning where the heat went, but not so spicy to where your mouth is on fire for minutes afterward. The broccoli was thick and cooked perfectly - grilled and still crisp. Both my boyfriend and I are vegetarians and were told that we could order a specially made plate. Because we were so full from the two appetizers, we split a vegetarian entree.And again ... wow. We were given a plate overflowing with food. It was a trio of dishes - broccoli with (we think) cumin rice and a tomato garnish/sauce, potatoes with pea pods and (I believe...) spinach, and beans with spinach, and an array of green leafies. Each bite was more delicious than the one prior. We hardly talked as we devoured the food. So good, so tasty - everything was seasoned perfectly and perfectly cooked. I was so excited to have a vegetarian dish that wasn't just pasta with a vegetable thrown in. It is so nice to have an innovative vegetarian dish that truly felt like it was made creatively. Pavle told us he truly appreciated the assessment of the vegetarian food, and we let him know how absolutely wonderful it was.He also let us know they have a vegetarian tasting menu once every few months, which trust me, we'll be going to. Overall, one of the best dining experiences I've had in a very long time. We truly felt like we weren't burdening the (amazing) staff with any requests or questions. They were all so friendly and attentive. We will definitely be back to FnB.
4	This is a nice place, very ingredient centric preparation. Simple but not simplistic, this is food that tastes good and you feel good about eating. The space has a pleasant feel and the staff is very friendly and accommodating. Would probably be an above average neighborhood place in Portland or San Francisco, but I guess this is one of the best places in the "Valley of the Sun"... as one bar proprietor told me new ideas take a while to reach Arizona.I tasted nearly everything off the 2011 Spring menu and everything was pitch perfect or very near. I wish there was more seafood on the menu but I suppose doing a local food restaurant in Arizona doesn't permit it. The one thing I tried that wasn't quite as good as the rest was rock shrimp with chipoltle aioli. Don't get me wrong, it was good, but didn't quite fit in with the rest of the menu and the uttely ubiquitous battered shrimp have to be a bit better or have some twist to break through to 'fine dining' status. The steak was wonderful but I wish it had been smaller. It was just too much meat. I do like that they didn't ask me how to cook it, and it came out rare. There is no such thing as cooking meat "well"- it's either rare or wrong. The fried green tomatoes were outstanding! The flesh was tender and rich with a subtle sweetness. Not too sour and no bitterness. The cornmeal crust was crispy, rich and light. The was a distinct cinnamon note, pleasantly bringing up memories of apple pie without really tasting like it.If I'm back in the area I'd return here, especially to see what's on the next seasonal menu!
5	This place is a hidden little jewel that apparently only locals know about. Since I am now a "local" I know too. Amazing is the only word I can think of. All fresh ingredient and made with love. I had the house made Margarita with no refined sugar at all. Just Tequila and fresh citrus. That's it! Then leeks with fresh mozzarella, bread crumbs and egg on top. Also rock shrimp, razor clams and cheese plate. Wow!  So European and yummy.
4	My husband made a reservation at 7:15p for our anniversary, we were promptly seated. We had requested the counter, how fun, watching 3 people cook about 2 feet away! We ordered the pickled egg, leeks with egg, mmmm, spicy broccoli, yes SPICY and pasta, say no more! Delicious! Yes, it's abit small, but the atmosphere was buzzing with laughter and clanking wine glasses! Chantel, you're the best! What a great way to end our night!
4	I had seen a review of this place as one of the 10 best restaurants to hit on an airline magazine. Now, such articles in airline pubs are usually based on the establishment having bought advertising or something of the sort. I tell ya what, my definitely in the know host and I were very impressed, so US Airways did a solid job with their recommendation. We walked in early on Easter Sunday and were lucky to sit in the best seats, at the bar, overlooking the grill as owner and head chefette prepared the goods. The food was amazing!! And even knowing that I was a bit crabby from a long day of poolside drinking at numerous PHX resorts, the waitress was a bit creepy. She was too soft spoke, never stopped babbling on about the menu then dropped a dish right next to me thus making me leap out of my chair. Nice. The place still gets a 4, check it out.
4	7.30pm dinner at the bar with my son.  I started with the Rock shrimp which were lightly fried in a delicious batter with an equally good dipping sauce. A little too much for my appetizer but my son helped finish them off.  He opted for the cheese which was unusually good for an American cheese. I ordered the Rabbit dish for my entree. It was wonderfully put together with homemade pasta, a variety of vegetables and seasoned to perfection.  Absolutely delicious! It was a very ample portion and after the shrimp proved too much for me to finish.  My son had the rib eye steak which was cooked perfectly and very tasty. I also ordered a side of roast vegetables which was way too much food.  Having said that, we couldn't resist the yummy looking sweets! I opted for the grapefruit cake and my son, being a chocolate lover went for the chocolate cake.  Unfortunately this is where I think the quality slipped a little. Although both desserts were very tasty, if eaten without the creamy topping the cake in both was on the dry side. I understand that they were both meant to be eaten as a whole with their respective toppings but the cake part shouldn't have been dry.  That said the whole experience was extremely enjoyable and I would absolutely return.
5	LOVE it here! FnB has been highly recommended by quite a few of my friends and it definitely didn't disappoint. We received excellent service from Pavle, who co-owns the restaurant with the chef, Charleen. We arrived and were welcomed to sit wherever we saw an open spot. We chose the bar - which actually overlooks the kitchen. Great choice!We were able to watch our food (and everyone else's food) be prepared and banter with the chef about the awesome ingredients. Although the menu is small, there is plenty for everyone - and they are ALWAYS willing to make whatever you want. I ordered the salmon and my boyfriend ordered the chicken. Both were delicious and perfectly prepared. Along with an excellent staff, impeccable service and the highest quality ingredients, the drink menu is equally appealing. Be sure to grab some Arizona wine when you go!Cheers and thanks so much, FnB!
3	I guess my experience was not as great as most. The service was great and the atmosphere was fantastic... maybe it was my dinner selection? Had the pasta: was a a bit dry and made me feel a little queasy after. Would definitely go back for wine and drinks though!
5	I do not give out five stars easily but this gem on Stetson is the best option in old town by far.  A creative menu that changes constantly there is never a dull item to choose from and their support of local farmers and Arizona wineries is a bonus.  Try anything on the menu it's all delicious.  Their leek appetizer(seasonal) was rated one of the top appetizers in the country.  Their selection of Arizona wines will change your mind about the potential for good vino in the desert.  They schedule winemaker dinners once a month on Tuesday evenings and the courses pair very well with the wine.  My wife and I have been to two and loved every minute of it.  Also,  Saturday nights at 10 pm there is a special menu with huge discounts on a particular entree.  If you have not been don't wait any longer. http://www.fnbrestaurant.com/Thanks Charlene and PavelMatt C
2	I do not agree with most reviewers on this restaurant.This is the oiliest (if that's a word) food i have ever been served!  I should have known when we were told of the two specials - both deep fried.  I had to prop my plate on a tilt just so i could eat some of it.  I dont care to have vegetables soaked in oil like this ever again.If you are looking for trendy and dont actually know what good food is then you can eat here.On the positive side, the server was great and the people watching is fabulous (get a window seat).
3	We had been looking forward to trying FnB for awhile. We thought it was good - great fresh ingredients and definitely different than other restaurants. However, it just did not "wow" us. We ordered the radish, butter appetizer which was good - freshly churned butter, and I ordered the pasta special and the husband ordered the jidori chicken. Both were good but not incredible. The desserts were very good - panna cotta with candied kumquats, and a chocolate bread pudding. The service however was exceptional. Perhaps, we will try again when the menu changes.
5	What a wonderful dining experience! From the moment we walked in we were treated like special guests by the owner. Best yet, the food totally lived up to the impeccable service, culminating in a perfect evening. Even the all AZ wine list - which caused me concern - measured up to the exceptional high quality of the food. We wil be back  - this place is a foodie's dream!
5	Oh how we miss your donuts and fresh lemonade on Saturdays at the Farmers Market!
5	Wonderful waiter, great local food.  Love this place.  Will definiately return for more.
5	I do not understand less than four stars. We had six different plates. Beet Salad, Rabit, Butter,Scallops,Strawberry desert, and Peach desert.  All were brilliant. Our favorite (both agreed) was the Beet Salad. It was so fresh and had a perfect combo of flavors and textures. Service was way more than perfect. One note they are now BYOB with a corkage fee for Beer and Wine. No fee if the Beer or Wine is from Arizona.One note for FnB we were preplexed with the lack of pork on the menu :-)
4	Fried squash blossoms stuffed with cheese and dipped in a tangy, vinegary marinara. An enormous rib-eye with a spicy chimichurri served over a bed of tomatoes and rice. A light, refreshing lemon panna cotta with tart strawberries. Mouth watering yet? I had dinner last night with a friend at FNB in Scottsdale. And unlike some other uber popular restaurants - you can believe the hype. The service was wonderful, the food was rich and complex, and the whole experience was satisfying. A few comments - It was really warm in there. I'm sure it's tough to keep such a small place cool with the kitchen in the middle of the room. I was fine with the temperature through most of the meal but by the end I was ready to go. Drinks - we were offered water to start and were given a rundown of the "mocktails" they had available. (FNB is byob). But we were never offered anything else - it left my dinner companion and I wondering - do they serve other beverages - tea, coffee, soda? There was nothing on the menu. Overall a great place and definitely worth a second visit!
5	This is my new favorite restaurant in the Phoenix area.  The carefully chosen and fresh ingredients are the star of the show here.  However, they are really accentuated by the balanced and sometimes unusual combinations and preparation.  The staff is extremely friendly and attentive but not stuffy and without the slightest whiff of pretense.   The prices are high but, I think, very reasonable for this kind of restaurant.  My wife and I had one appetizer and two entrees and we brought our own bottle of AZ wine which came to $70 not including the tip.
5	So my coworker and I were on business travel and showed up here with no reservations at about 5:45 on a weekday night.  No space at the bar was available but the hostess was willing to give us a table but not before looking us in the eye and saying "I have a table that's open now but is reserved at 7. Will you guys be able to finish by then?" After a quick yes ma'am we were shown to the table and the flavor stampede began.  Apps: We shared the radish/butter/honey/cashew plate and the cheese/fruit/bread plate.  Let me preface this with I don't like radishes, but I'd hurdle over my mother to get another plate of the radishes and honey.  The cheese plate was tasty and had a good variety but I was on the edge of picking up the radish plate and just licking it clean.  Ridiculously delicious.Mains: I opted for the ribeye with the chimichurri and he got the jidori chicken since he had steak the previous day.  Easily one of the best steaks I've ever had.  It was juicy and cooked a perfect medium rare.  The chimichurri had great flavor without overpowering the juices that flowed out of the steak.  If I was willing to hurdle my mom to get the radishes, I'd cross check my dad to get this steak.  The jidori chicken looked really good and my coworker enjoyed it but it was obvious he had some steak envy going on.We opted out of dessert since there was an 'adult' (read: alcoholic) ice cream shop down the way we wanted to try and we left full and happy because of the fantastic food we just had.  Plus we got out of there before the 7PM table got there.  5 stars all the way
2	The reviews of FnB seem to fall into two categories, the majority that rave about the place and those don't see what people are raving about.  I have to say, I'm in the minority.  I just don't get what people love about FnB.The menu is strange in that there are about 15 "sides" and apps, but only 4 entres.  My wife and I ordered the cheese plate, the shishitos, the eggplant, the pasta and the chicken.  The three sides/apps came all at once to the small table, leaving us a little crowded and feeling  rushed.  The cheese plate featured a  sliver of cheese, much too much charred nut bread, some dates, some nectarine slices, some pecans, and an apricot preparation.  It was all fine, but not at all interesting or nicely presented.  The shishitos and the eggplant were both pretty bland except for the padron peppers in the eggplant dish.  The pasta and the chicken were both uninteresting and bland.  All evening I found myself looking for a salt shaker.  My wife eventually asked for some crushed red pepper for the pasta.  Didn't try desert or coffee.  Nothing was very bad, but nothing was very good either.At present, FnB does not have a liquor license so it's BYOB.  There is a $15 corkage fee.  It seems fairly high to me.  The last time I brought my own bottle was several years ago at Quiessence.  I don't remember a corkage fee there at all.  The fee is waived if you bring Arizona wine.  I'm all for eating locally produced foods, but seriously, Arizona wine!?!The tile floor (left over from Seasaw) is very nice.
5	The broccoli is to die for!  The owner and chef love their food and are willing take you on a food journey with each bite.  There is a large selection of Arizona wines, but not much else.  Sitting around the kitchen is the best place to be to watch the chef at work.
5	Seriously yum.
5	Fried Squash blossoms!  How do they come up with this stuff?  FnB gets 5 stars for creativity and service... oh, and the food is pretty amazing too!   The menu changes with the season, so I apologize in advance for making your mouth water by mentioning  food you'll probably never taste.   We started off with the appetizer special, Fried Squash blossoms stuffed with burrata served with fresh tomato sauce, and an order of naan with eggplant puree.  The Naan plate was nothing special, but the blossoms were fantastic.  For dinner Hottie had the lab chops with couscous and I had the pasta with butternut squash and pesto.   The pasta was amazing, I watched the chef make my pesto to order... mmmm basil!  Hottie devoured every bite, so I would say he enjoyed his chops too.  For desert we shared the panna cotta with cherries, it was the perfect ending to a great meal.  This place gets 5 starts all the way, from the moment we walked in, the service was impeccable and the food was superb.  Thank you FnB
5	We had such an amazing meal at this place!  Everything was so fresh and delicious.  We sat at the bar and was able to watch the chefs do their thing.  It was really cool.  Our server was also amazing!  Extremely knowledgeable.  Made great suggestions!Everything thing that we tried was great and I am still dreaming about the butterscotch pudding :)
4	I ate at FnB while visiting Scottsdale, largely based on the rave reviews of my fellow Yelpers. Loved the amazingly edited, flavorful, really interesting menu, which I'm sure changes really often. This so could have been 5 stars EXCEPT other than getting our order and rushing us out with the check, our service was pretty... Absent. Although shout out to the water boys who kept us hydrated. My other beef is about the "B" in the name. In my mind, there would be some expectation of real drink options based on the name alone. I'm usually a fan of BYO, but I thought the corkage fees (even for beer?) were inordinate and not keeping with the spirit of the place.
3	Charming spot! Love the atmosphere. Great service as well. Food was okay, nothing special but not bad. I guess I had high excpectations after reading all the amazing reviews.I also could not find wine I can drink. I am all about supporting AZ wines but not if they don't taste good...
5	Viva FnB!!!!!!!!!  Just Phenomenal....truly one of the best dining experiences my wife and I have enjoyed anywhere.  The  Service, Seasaonal Food, Ambiance, and Wine list are just superb.
4	It was not as good as its word of mouth suggests.  A sophisticated if limited menu of some hits and some misses.  Liked the cheese plate.  Fried green tomatoes were fine, but not the best I've had.  Grilled broccoli was good, but not great.  Butternut squash pasta was not well-balanced, and we didn't finish it.  Ribeye was well-prepared, but intensely garlicy.  Interesting Arizona wine selection was generally good.  Butterscotch pudding was sublime.  Everything was overpriced by about 15% to my way of thinking.  Atmosphere was cozy and intimate, but also air conditioning felt like it was set too hot at 80.  Service was attentive, but in watching other tables, I think our server did not take as much time and effort to guide and inform us as others did.  Bottom line, I did not leave feeling like my palette had been as fully satisfied as I'd hoped and expected, especially for the money we spent.  I don't think we will go back, because there are better options, like St. Francis, etc., but we may check it out again once their seasonal menu changes again.
5	Wow, just wow. I had dinner here last night and this is my first time coming here and trying their menu. My previous experience was for a special event and a cheese sampling menu. All I have to say is my god, I'm kicking myself in the rear for not coming here sooner and enjoying the delicacy that is FnB. My friend and I ordered two appetizers and two entrees. The house pulled mozzarella, and the lamb riblets. These appetizers were amazing! The mozzarella came on a bed of white beans and tomatoes with grilled bread, stunning. The lamb riblets, were out of this world and it came with a cucumber salad. I couldn't tell what type of seasoning was on the lamb, but seasoned ever so perfectly. For our entrees we ordered the lamb, and the duck. The lamb tenderloin cooked a perfect medium rare came with an assortment of grilled zucchini, squash and potatoes. The duck breast again came perfectly grilled medium rare on a bed of rice with chorizo, and I'm not positive, but I think some liver was thrown in, superb. If it's available definitely sit at the counter and watch them prepare the food. Luckily I was right in front of the grill and I was the master of the grill, Charlene perfectly preparing meats and vegetables. I have to give high recommendations for Pavle as well, as I was lucky enough to have the pleasure of having him being my server. A very outgoing, down to earth person and we exchanged some stories and some jokes. That just added to the experience and the ambiance of the whole restaurant which I love. A quaint, intimate setting, that's not pretentious, where everyone inside is enjoying there company and the delicious food. I totally want to go back at this moment. It wont be long before the staff will be seeing me again!P.S. this restaurant would be perfect to take someone to on a first date!
5	There's nothing I can say about FnB that hasn't been said already, so I won't even try.  I can only add that the 5 star ratings are legit and nowhere near an overstatement.  You are NOT going to find better food in the valley, prepared as lovingly, with such attentive service.  FnB does everything right and if you haven't been you're missing one of the finest points of the valley dining scene.  Stop reading and make a reservation now - while you still can - or CAN YOU?  Too late, it's too popular!
5	We just had another amazing experience at FnB last night.  Everything was just perfect.  As an added bonus Payton Curry was working behind the counter alongside chef Charleen Badman and the other wonderful cooks.  I find it really entertaining to watch them while enjoying their incredible dishes.  I absolutely love this concept.  Local ingredients, prepared without fuss but with skill and attention to detail.  Eating at this restaurant and enjoying Arizona wine is like a celebration of the southwest.  I am proud to support this restaurant and others like it because it reminds me of how lucky I am to live in this beautiful corner of the world.  If you can get a reservation and can afford it, visiting FnB will be an unforgettable experience.   Salud y buen provecho!
5	Was just in Scottsdale two weeks ago. wanted to try a new place. I was very impressed. The food was awesome and the waiter knew his stuff. Will come here again when I am in town...
4	Very good!
5	Still my favorite restaurant in Phoenix area, hands down, no question.Charleen Badman is just amazing and can make any vegetable just delicious, and make it look easy!  I love that their menu is changing with what's seasonally available, it's always fun to try the new items.  We enjoy going here SO much and try to go at least once a month if not weekly!!  Love love love FnB!!!
4	It was everything I thought it would be. Fresh seasonal ingredients executed with an above-average degree of skill.  The service was good but I got tired of hearing about the origin and history of every ingredient. Nothing really knocked my socks off so four stars is all.
2	Two stars for bad service and, damn, I have to the tell the truth, a lousy appetizer.  Had the braised leeks to start, which appeared to have been made less of leeks and more of a white cheese that I can only assume had been allowed to congeal into a rubbery mat beneath a heat lamp.  It was literally impossible to cut into bite-sized pieces, and was tasteless besides.  Then, after at least a half an hour wait, pasta with chanterelles.  The shrooms were great, and I have to say I enjoyed fennel for the first time in my life, but the pasta was enormous in size and there was an awful lot of it.But one of my friends had the fried green tomatoes, which were wonderful, and another had the brussell sprouts, also wonderful, and the butterscotch pudding dessert with the nutmeg whipped cream was simply divine.They were very busy (our reserved table was 20 minutes late and the seats were still warm when we sat down), so I'm thinking they were just run off their feet.  I'd give them another chance.Oh, and a delightful Arizona sauvignon blanc.  I'm told they serve only Arizona wines, which is kinda cool..
5	Love, love, love! Service is always fabulous and every dish has been perfect. The local cheese plate and AZ wine selections are amazing. I think between the 5 of us we have had everything on the menu, and it was all delicious. This is my fave place in the country right now. Can't wait to go back over the holidays!
5	I just ate at FnB last night. It was the BEST meal of 2011 for me and probably the best meal that I have had in Scottsdale. This restaurant bucks the Scottsdale trend of theme restaurants playing trance music and providing good, but not great, food. Pavle Milic has created a true local restaurant that serves food that comforts the soul and a warm, inviting ambiance that never fails to make one feel welcome (this was my second time at FnB). The jidori chicken was amazing. The rutabaga was ethereal as described by Mr. Milic. The best dish we tried was the grouper. The fish was amazing in terms of its nuanced flavors and perfect texture.  The wine list (all AZ wines) is also a plus as it will surprise you how well they pair with the food and stand up against wines from more well-recognized wine regions.I hope this review pushes FnB over the top to five stars because it deserves it.
5	Just ate here for the first time last night for my birthday dinner and it was PHENOMINAL!! I don't think I've ever had a meal with so many different flavors in every single course, all of which were perfectly balanced and blended together.  And my wife isn't usually one to try a lot of unique dishes like the ones featured at FnB, so she was a bit hesitant to even go here, but she absolutely loved everything - and that's saying a lot!We started off with the world-famous braised leeks, which were perfectly cooked (hard to do with leeks), and the combination of flavors with the egg and the mustard panko smothered in mozzarella (which they make themselves) was amazing. Then for the main course I got the pasta and my wife got the halibut, and we split a side order of the rutabaga (sadly, they were out of the spicy broccoli).  The pasta  - WOW!! It has so much going on with the bacon, chanterelles, tarragon and a wonderful creme fraiche-based sauce, that I couldn't decide what I liked best about it.  And the halibut w/cauliflower and chermoula was out of this world, and my wife liked it so much that all I got was a few small bites. And then we finished off the meal with two desserts.  The first was a few scoops of roasted banana ice cream sandwiched between two pizzeles with rum raisins and chocolate fudge. It was very good except for the fact that the ice cream was slightly bitter, which makes me think they either used bananas which weren't ripe enough or they didn't roast them long enough. But then again, I'm comparing it to my own roasted banana ice cream that I make which is out of this world, so I'm a tough critic when it comes to that. :) HINT: use 6-8 well-ripened bananas (showing just a few brown spots) chopped up and tossed with a mix of 3/4C brown sugar and 2T rum & 2T butter, roasted @ 325F for 25 mins, for every 2qt of ice cream.  The second dessert was a black walnut & pear cake with a side of creme fraiche whipped cream.  I don't think I've ever had black walnuts before, and the flavor is SO good and SO different than regular walnuts, and the subtle sweetness of the pears was a nice contrast.  I highly recommend it.All in all it was one of the best dining experience that I have ever had, and I have eaten at  lot of very nice restaurants including Le Jules Verne (at the top of the Eiffel Tower) and French Laundry (in Napa). And the prices were very reasonable for being such a quaint restaurant with such eclectic cuisine.  If this restaurant were located in a place like NYC, Napa, Paris or even a high-end shopping plaza in Scottsdale, you would easily pay $200-$300+ for this type of meal, but here in this small side-street gem of a restaurant our total bill came out to a mere $98 (not including drinks, tax or tip). I can't wait to come back again and try some new things since the menu is constantly changing according to the season. I also hope to stop by for one of their "Late Night Love" events to try some of their unique one-off meals.
5	Truly a perfect place......small plates, amazing food, good for the environment. We talked to the lady chef, rather than just chef, during the meal. She shops for fresh ingredients at local markets during the day. That is why the menu changes almost nightly. We loved it and it is good for you too. Not a better place in Scotsdale.
3	Great food..deserts were exceptional, BUT they can't seem to get reservation right.  I decided to make a reservation for our company Christmas party on 12/3 and when I decided to confirm the time a week in advance  they had no record of the reservation.  I was however able to get a reservation for the 17th.  No problem, or so I thought.  Because of the last slipup I decided to call a week before to confirm.  No problem they said we have you down.  When our party of 7 showed up for our 5:45 reservation they said they didn't have us down!!!  How could this be when I even confirmed a week before!!?? Does this place bump reservations when it fits their schedule?  They did arrange to have a table, but if that didn't happen our Christmas dinner wouldn't have happened.  I give them credit for accomodating us, but come on ,you need to do a better job of tracking reservations.  And when you screw up a reservation (2X) don't say sorry for the misunderstanding say "sorry we messed up on your reservation"  That would go over way better.  Normally i'd give 4 stars, but you only get 3 due to messing up the reservation twice!
5	My boyfriend an I went to FnB almost a year and a half ago ( I know and its taken me this long to review!), but I can still remember the sights, aromas, and good company we enjoyed there. We were in Scottsdale for only five days, and we dined at FnB two of those five nights. The food is honest and simple yet amazingly delicious, we ordered just about everything on the menu between the two nights and were satisfied with all of the dishes. Our waiter was very knowledgeable and made great recommendations on wine. I highly recommend this restaurant.
4	Sustainable cooking in Scottsdale.  FnB is a real treasure.  The food, atmosphere and owners are truly exceptional.  If you have not been yet, this place is worth a meal alone, with friends or a special date night.  The location is walkable from the Fashion Square Mall or the W.Highlights:The FnB always comes up with unique approaches on simple food with great flavors.  Their meats are especially exceptional and always cooked to a "T" (my mouth is watering just thinking about my last meal here).  A great example of a unique dish was grilled broccoli with a spicy dressing and pine nuts.  The piece of broccoli was the size of a saucer!!  talk about using local produce.Anyway, if you are looking to change up your dinner routine, want to have some great food that is a little outside the box and have the owners share the passions with you through their food, give FnB a shot.
3	Pretty good food. Service was very knowledgeable and accommodating. The open kitchen is awesome and over all it was a great experience. We felt the appetizers recommended to us were flat and needed additional salt and acid. Some of the best broccoli I've ever eaten. Enough said.
4	Returned for another meal and the overall experience was excellent. Only negative was that the braised leak appetizer is now somewhat drenched in cheese.. Feels a bit "pizza hut".
4	Sitting at the counter at FnB is an experience that should be had, period. Our reservations by default was later on in the evening, but also turned out to be quite fortuitous. Not only were we able to see chefs Badman and Curry in action, but also saw them turn down the kitchen towards the end of the night. It is a display that even the most advent epicurean is not often exposed to. There are no doors or walls to hide behind. Everything that you eventually place in your mouth is out in the open and also in the way it is prepared - from the raw, to the stove, to the plate. Impressive was also how fluid the kitchen moved with only the two chefs preparing dishes. Chef Curry preparing the appetizers, fish and fowl; while Chef Badman shoveled coal onto a grill and simultaneously manning it to ensure rib-eyes were cooked to order. The ambiance was the type you'd expect when invited into another's kitchen, and the food tasted as if given the same attention. So to the service. Our waitress, Chantelle was nice about explaining everything to us after hearing that it was our first time there. When she found out we had moved just a few months ago, she was kind enough to write down her restaurant recommendations for us too. Will definitely be back to try other items off their ever-evolving menu. Reservation for two please. Yes its okay if its at the counter and yes, its fine if its late.
5	Always consistently great food. My wife and I are never disappointed in the food here. Imaginative food and drinks. The chef has a great palette for food pairings. She will mix spices from different cuisines and everything will turn out great. This is my wife and mine's favorite restaurant in Phoenix.We don't even order anymore. We just ask the waiter to bring us whatever he recommends. And we are never dissatisfied. Cool thing is menu always changes with the seasonsThis is our go-to restaurant for outta town guests. Even our foodie friends from NYC loved this place.
2	After several good meals at FnB, last nights experience came up very short.  We had a 6:45 reservation and when we made the reservation were told that the next reservation for the table was at 9:00 so we would need to be finished by then.  The waiter was terrific but the food came up very short.  The food was piled in in small plates and looked very unappetizing.  While the fried green tomatoes were good there were smothered in a sauce and covered with a large handful of greens.  The waiter went to great lengths to describe the special orange appetizer with various exotic spices.  It looked and tasted like orange slices with some kind of cheese.  The ribeye looked unappetizing and was very tough.  The pink grouper was piled on a small plate with cauliflower, broccoli and confusing spices - smelled fishy and was undercooked.At 8:40 we had paid and were finishing up a conversation when the hostess very rudely informed us that we had to leave as the next reservation had arrived, apparently 20 minutes early.All in all an expensive and very unsatisfactory evening.  They seemed more interested in turning the tables than providing a pleasant dining experience.
5	I can say nothing bad about this place. The food is very fresh, the ambiance unique, the service fantastic. I would eat here every day if I could. What these guys do to veggies.....amazing!
4	my wife texts me on friday "i hear they have the famous leek dish at FnB. can we go". i reply "sure". so she made reservations for that night and we got in at 8pm. first i have to mention there were alot of people out and about. i love to see that in old town. second, FnB is F-in smaller than i anticipated. it is local legend for the leeks and egg (available only 3 months out of the year). and i've read the chef has a soft spot for veggies. we ordered of course the leeks dish and a brussel sprouts dish. was it good? yes. but i was expecting fireworks. i didn't really taste any of the leeks...only mounds of gooey, house made mozarella. which is not a complaint...i love homemade mozarella. but with regards to the entirety of the dish, i wasn't that impressed. the brussel sprouts were good, but to me, tasted like i would have simply grilled them myself. my favorite dish was the cooked to order falafal. it was warm, crunchy, and had the exact same texture and "runiness" that i long for in a perfect falafel. it put my 3 stars up to 4 strars. the radishes on the side were a pleasant accouterment. my only one negative overall was our server, who was extremely passionate and vivacous, was mostly MIA during the meal. our food runners were pleasant and kept the water glasses filled though. the maitre'd informed us if we come back to reserve a space at the bar/kitchen prep area. we'll have to try that next time.
2	Very disappointing meal.  The meal started off fine, enjoying the beet salad but it was all downhill from there.  My ribeye, which I ordered medium rare came out medium well and had to be sent back.  Alter waiting 5-8 minutes while everyone else at the table ate their dinner, the second steak, although prepared properly, was tough and full of grizzle and fat.  The steaks at Costco are better.  I ordered a cup of tea, which is served in individual sized pots, and after waiting a few minues for the tea to steep I poured the tea into my cup only to realize that it was just hot water.  The tea leaves which sit in a strainer at the top of the pot was not submerged into the water.  I had to ask for another pot.Management never apologized for these errors, did not offer to comp a desert, nothing.  The prices are high, $15 for a glass of wine, $29 for entry, sevice spotty and food mixed.  There are only four entries on the menu so you would think they would be able to get them right.
4	Finally decided to try the famous leeks at FnB. Ok, let me back up a moment. The restaurant is tiny! After speaking with the hostess once we got there, I learned that the only way we got a reservation on the same Friday evening I called was that someone canceled. Luck was on our side. We ordered a few small plates: the leeks, the brussel sprouts, and the falafel. My husband ordered a SunBrew which the runner brought out in the can, with the glass and poured for him. I kind of liked that. I ordered a gin cocktail, the name escapes me, which seemed VERY light on the gin. no good, don't skimp a lady on her cocktail.My favorite was the falafel for its' crunchy-on-the-outside-creamy-on-the-inside texture, which our server boasted were made to order. The leaks with homemade mozzarella and fried egg were fantastic. Although I agree with my husband, they were more cheesy, than....leeky. I'm not complaining though, as it is blasphemous to say anything has too much cheese. This is not possible. My first experience with brussel sprouts was a positive one, though I didn't much care for the warm grapes that accompanied them. A couple things on service.....our server was very nice and  explained the menu well. However he never once returned after we received out plates to check in if everything was ok. I also got a strange feeling that we weren't "ordering enough" for him. Three small plates, two cocktails, I mean we don't eat meat and there was only one fish entree on the menu anyways. Maybe it was just me, but that's what brought my rating down to four stars.
5	I took my wife last Friday night to celebrate our 22nd anniversary and had a fabulous evening! Pavle made us feel like family and the food was delicious and unique. The Pinot Noir we had was so good we joined the wineries mailing list. Highly Recommend!
5	WOW!  What an incredible first time to a place wonderfully run by an old friend!  Peg and I were fortunate enough to celebrate Peg's birthday at this incredibly good restaurant (early enough so that we could savor the friendship of Pavle and his staff ) before the "witching  hour" when things got VERY busy).  It was so  nice to see gracious people excel at what they do, and this is one of the best ever.  We were able to visit Baratin and the space around.  The leek appetizer, beet appetizer, grouper, on and on.  Pavle is a master at informing and entertaining. Love you guys!! We will return!!  Oh yeah..I forgot the amazing butterscotch pudding!
5	After seeing raves in my twitter feed over the past two years, I finally got a night off with my hubby to go to FnB. I felt a twinge of anxiety that FnB might not live up to all the hype, but I left the restaurant fat and happy. Halfway through my meal, I was already plotting on what to order and who to bring the next time I come back.We started off with cocktails. My ginhound (gin, grapefruit, mint) was pitch perfect, and my husband loved his bourbon-based drinks. Had to get the famous leeks. It's all about the mustard bread crumbs for me. The falafel and radishes were a great combo, and not something I would have ever put together.My husband got lamb shanks for an entree and raved about how well the meat paired with the accomanying veggies including cauliflower which he normally abhors. He also happily picked off brussels sprouts from my veggie plate, another vegetable that he claims to dislike. The grilled asapargus topped with lemon was mouthwatering, but my favorite veggie was the stewed tomatoes and spinach. So damn good!The atmosphere is wonderful at FnB, and service is outstanding of course. Being from Gilbert, I loved how kid-unfriendly this place is. I had a wonderful date night with my husband, and I'm anxious to repeat the experience again.
4	We really enjoyed everything about FnB and will definitely be back. Next time we want to sit at the counter as I love the open kitchen concept.
4	Great change of pace from the usual fare! The the Falafel with Tahini app is fantastic!
4	This is a surprising find in downtown Scottsdale.  Extremely sophisticated food, interesting takes on vegetables, small plates to share.  Really hip, relaxed environment.
5	Ok so here's the 411.   It was my cousin's birthday so me, her and another cousin decided on F n B as our dining destination.  We got there around 9:25pm on this lovely Wednesday night, so you'd think they would be trying to shoo us out, seeing as they close at 10... But our dining experience turned out just the opposite.  I ordered pasta with lamb (delicious), and we also enjoyed Jidori chicken, a specially made vegetarian pasta dish, and to-die-for falafel.  Our server, Brian, was so attentive throughout our meal, offering wine tastings and checking up on us to make sure we were doing okay.  Yes, F n B is a tiny restaurant perched among many "trendier" spots in Old Town, but this was some of the best food (and LOCAL wine) that I have ever experienced.  Choose this spot for an authentic meal, some great vino, or just stop in to see Brian!FnBest, Natasha
4	Snagged a reservation here for a saturday evening the day before, granted it was the 5pm slot when the restaurant had just opened. We had the braised leeks, the santa barbara mussels and the pasta with rock shrimp. Although the leeks were good, i think the reviews hype it up too much. The mussels had a different preparation than I had ever tried before. The pasta was probably my favorite dish. I would probably order some more vegetable dishes the next time since I hear that is what the chef prepares so well. Overall, I really enjoyed myself and appreciated all the fresh and local ingredients which made for a very simple and tasty dinner.
4	Had a very enjoyable meal with the gf.Sat at the kitchen counter, it was cool seeing the chefs doing their thing, I wish there was more interaction between them and the customers though, I don't think they said one word to us all night.All the dishes were good. Blood OrangesCheese/Fruit plateLeeksRutabaga Lamb Tenderloin.I enjoyed every single dish, but none of them really blew my mind. Along with a bottle of wine and tip, the meal was a little bit over $150.
2	The service was painfully slow, all of the food was under-seasoned.  My Halibut was dry and tasteless and I am pretty sure that the feta on the roasted carrot side dish had turned sour.  If we weren't having such good conversation with the other couple that we were with, the whole dinner would have been an epic fail.
3	I went here for my birthday dinner with the BF (4/27)....maybe it was an off night, but it just wasn't everything everyone made it out to be. I had been wanting to try this restaurant for years! The restaurant is very cute...small and kind of looks like an old diner (ish). They got the third star because they brought out a bit of champagne for us, on the house, because it was my birthday....nice touch. Our waiter started out strong, being friendly and helpful.We decided to share: A special - lamb ribs that were braised for 8 hours and then fried over couscous, the cheese plate, the jidori chicken, and the spicy broccoli. The lamb had good flavor, but there were only two really good ribs and the rest were very greasy and fatty... not awesome. The couscous it came with was good, but nothing too exciting. The sauce was pretty good, almost a bit minty or something. The cheese plate was a huge disappointment for me. The waiter described the cheese as a ooey gooey cheese that was really bad for you, but very rich....it was gooey, but it had a very odd flavor...it was not a cheese I particularly cared for. Additionally, it came with toast (burnt), dried figs (flavorless), nuts (weirdly seasoned), apples (good), and dried cranberries and orange jam like stuff (both pretty good). I feel like a 12$ cheese plate should come with more than one cheese. Maybe that's just me. The chicken had a really tasty, almost hash like, spaetzle under it that I really enjoyed. The chicken itself was good, but it came with maybe half of a chicken breast and then the leg and thigh. The BF and I are not huge dark meat fans and this dark meat was particularly gamey. The white meat was good, but there wasn't enough of it. This was, in my opinion, the most flavorful dish we had. My biggest disappointment was the broccoli. Everyone on Yelp and our waiter said that the chef was a master at cooking vegetables and our waiter recommended the broccoli. I do not get it. I like broccoli, but this just tasted like plain broccoli, it was not spicy AND it was served over a giant pool of mayo....the bf and I both don't like mayo (and the BF is allergic to eggs), so we really couldn't enjoy this dish. It does not mention the mayo in the dish description. Towards the end of our meal our waiter seemed to disappear, a large table was seated and we ceased to have any attention. I do not understand what the fuss is about...we paid almost 70$ for this meal, and it was just mediocre at best....the food was very salty (gave me a headache) and I would prefer to eat at so many other restaurants in Phoenix. I didn't even order dessert on my birthday because I didn't want to spend the money when everything else was so blah. I wouldn't spend my money here again when there are so many deserving (and more fairly priced) places to eat.
5	The reviews don't lie!* FnB is exceptional. The service is personal, knowledgeable and attentive in a way that I haven't experienced in a very long time. We started with the Food and Wine, top 10 dishes of the year, braised leeks with housemade mozzarella and an egg. It was good. But, I was just as happy with the fresh bread and (so good that it's) green, flavorful EVOO.We had the Halibut, Broccoli and a special of prawns. The broccoli was something worth writing home about. I'm going to try to duplicate at home. As the girl next to me at the counter said, "it's the best broccoli you've ever had times 100." The Halibut was lovely. Cooked perfectly, lightly seasoned and served under a salad featuring kumquats from the chef's neighbor's garden. That's local!One of the more interesting, engaging dining experiences that I've had in a long, long time. Reserve a seat at the FnB counter immediately, if you like fresh, inventive, local, in season food with impeccable presentation. *Except for the Gastropub part, the food is too light, fresh and the setting more intimate than a gpub.
5	I'd been wanting to try this restaurant for the longest time - then out of no where, the bf decided to grow a romatical bone and took me here for dinner one Sunday night. The place is tiny - but it's packed full of good food and good people. We sat at the bar, which is awesome because we got to watch the chefs do their magic. I can't remember what we started off with. But we split the Chicken Jidori and spicy broccoli. The broccoli was delicious, it had pistachios on it that I kept picking off with my fingers. I couldn't help myself! The chicken was juicy and served with spaetzel. I'd never had it but I could definitely hear my boyfriend moaning over how good everything tasted.Little did we know that on Sunday nights, they do a late night special - this particular evening it was fried crawfish with a thai fish sauce served over rice. AMAZING. It was a heaping amount of Crawfish, for less than $15. I thought we would only get 6 or so. And there was a giant mound. This place was great. The server was a gem, the chefs hook it up with great food and I'm sure I'll be back on a Sunday for the Late Night Special. Apparently, if you follow them on FB, you'll get updates on what they're serving up for the special. Next on my list from these great people is Baratin - they just opened up a little wine bar cafe and I'm sure the food is going to be just as amazing.
5	This is our second visit to FnB after having sailed the maiden voyage with another couple. Pavle is such a wonderful host...making everyone comfortable and his passion for food spills alll over his guests. Charlene's take with her own home grown veggies and way she incorporates them into all realms is simply amazing.  Appetizers of squash blossoms and quail are dancing in my head. The use of only the freshest of ingredients keep this place on our very short list of must-dos. Peg and I are delighted by this place. BTW, a lemon verbena panna cotta (blueberries, Meyer lemon) was obscenely good and a perfect way to end the meal...but not the memories!  Thanks again, Pavle and Charlene!!   The duo of FnB and Baratin is genius, and we love the experiences in both!  Dr. B
2	FnB serves wonderful food in a completely mismanaged way. Have eaten there twice and both times have been rudely told on multiple occasions that there are either people waiting for our table or that the table is booked and we need to leave. Considering that it has taken 30+ minutes on both occasions to receive our entree after appetizer, I'm not quite sure what kind of speed eating is expected. This is certainly special when a table of four has spent $350+ on a meal and is then told to simply leave, as there 'isn't time for dessert'.  Please drop the pretension and focus on a better timed experience. Three star Michelin restaurants don't have even a third of the affectation and fake ceremony on view here. They could learn a trick or 35 (courses in three hours) from El Bulli. Seriously give this place a miss if you actually value your time, the company you keep and a modicum of customer respect.
1	Not accommodating...hostess wasn't rude...just not friendly at all.  Heard so much about this place, I'm sure the food is good but if first impressions count (they do)...well, that explains the rating.
4	This was our second time dining here. It was just as good as the first.First, the wait staff remembered us from our previous visit over a year ago. Impressive.I'm typically a steak/potato type guy, but  place is really great. I don't know what half the ingredients are in a entree, but they all taste great. Every thing we had was prepared well, tasty, and a good sized portion.The staff is very attentive, and the place has a great vibe. We don't get down to old town much, but will make this the place for dinner when we do.We prefer the chefs table (Bar) over a table, seems way more fun and hip.
4	I have been to FnB two more times since my initial review. While I still love the unique, veggie-centric dishes, there were a few hiccups from a food and service standpoint that prompted me to update my review.I took my dad here for his birthday because I knew he would love sitting at the counter in the middle of all the action since he was in the restaurant business as an owner/manager for almost 20 years.Problem 1- His okra, black eyed pea and bacon dish had to be sent back because the okra was too woody. Very difficult to cut with a fork and knife. The replacement dish was much better. The okra was tender, and the bacon was cooked perfectly (according to my husband).Problem 2- I ordered a vegetarian plate for my entree as I've done the last two times knowing I would get three portions of veggies chosen by the chef. I was reassured by the server that I wouldn't be getting repeats of any of the dishes that we already ordered as appetizers. That is how it was executed, but my plate was given to another person in our party. It took a awhile to flag down a server to remedy the situation. I tried a bite of the potatoes that were on the plate, and they were pretty bland. Luckily my replacement plate featured 3 great dishes: cold corn salad with basil and peaches, curried eggplant and zucchini, and very fresh green beans in a wonderful tomato sauce.Problem 3- My sister ordered coffee with dessert, and it came out tepid. Obviously very old coffee. At that point, my dad got a bit annoyed because, as he pointed out, "a restaurant has to at least get the basics right."My dad did have a great time despite all this so I'm still very happy with FnB. The trick candle on the side of the amazing butterscotch pudding was a hilarious touch.
4	The reviews are true: FnB serves top-notch fare to nourish your body and soul. Can you say leek gratin? It's pronounced "goo-eee dee-lish-ish-ness". As in 'heaven'. As in, did I mention it was topped with a perfectly poached (local, organic) egg?The space is itty bitty, but the ambiance is intimate and effortlessly charming (kind of un-Scottsdale, do I dare say?). Do yourself a favor: make a reservation. They were totally booked when I visited around 8 pm on a Wednesday night.With a focus on AZ wines and locally sourced ingredients, this would be a great spot to bring out-of-town guests or potential in-laws you'd like to impress with your sustainable eating habits and sophisticated palate. Just make sure that if the in-law thing doesn't work out, then you get dibs on this place after the break-up. It's really too small to run into an ex without things getting awkward.Speaking of awkward, our server described in a detailed and faintly condescending lecture EVERY SINGLE ITEM ON THE MENU. It felt like an episode of Portlandia. I did not ask if he knew the chicken's name or how it got along with the other chickens, but it took all of my willpower. All of it. Which means I had no willpower left to resist eating more than my fair share of leek heaven. Or dessert. Pronounced "yum yum yum".I do love the locavore concept and the thoughtfulness behind the food. And I plan to return, even if a lengthy lecture is part of the menu.
5	Great restaurant.  My wife and I really enjoyed this place.  Service was spot on.  They treat everyone like a regular.  Food is top notch too.  place is small so get a reservation.
4	I would have eaten everything on the menu over the next few weeks but I can't. One, I'm vegan and though I want to try it all, I shouldn't. Two, I don't live there, otherwise I might cheat on reason One. Amazing staff and menu. Prices are reasonable and they have Chartreuse VEP.
3	I'd been wanting to go to FnB for the longest time and based on reviews and word of mouth I was excited. I knew that meals could be pricey, but I didn't mind based on how good the food was supposed to be.My friends and I had a reservation so there was no issue with having to wait once we arrived and that was awesome.  When I got there I was promptly greeted. The staff was very friendly and didn't have the attitude that people accuse servers at Scottsdale restaurants to have.We took a little time to decide what we wanted to drink and the staff was fine with us taking time to make a decision. When we did order our wine was served within a reasonable time...except for my glass. And once everyone else's drinks were delivered the server seemed to disappear. It probably took about 15 minutes for a server to come back so I could ask for my wine that never got served. I got my wine shortly after asking for it, but no apology for the error, which I didn't care for. Felt a bit like an "oh well" situation.When it was time to order, I had wanted the salmon but was informed they were out. I could somewhat understand this though as we had a later reservation (8 pm). I decided to order the pasta with sausage instead. The dish had good flavor (great seasoning and not too salty) and was a good portion size. The herbs in the dish were fresh and flavorful. Was it an entree worth the $19 price tag...not in my opinion.Now that I've been, I can say I've been, but don't have to go back.
3	This place is way too small for any party over 6.  We came in as a party of 8 and we had to sit shoulder to shoulder for dinner.  It's hard hard to enjoy dinner when I can't even get out of my seat without bothering my neighbors.  The food was nothing special compared to other local steak houses.  The service was good.  It could be romantic for a couple with modern European decor.  This place is great for couples, not suitable for groups.
5	Saturday evening 02 September we returned to FnB for the second time in a week - this time with friends along.  We had appetizers, entrees and deserts - swapped food all around and had one of the best meals that we've had all year.  Reservation was ready when we arrived; the staff was pleasantly attentive.  This locally owned restaurant deserves all the rave reviews that it has garnered in the past 2.5 years.  A must try if visiting Scottsdale.  We're lucky - we live here and we know enough to call head for a reservation.
4	The full post is blogged, the plate summary is below:Sitting, watching, and enjoying the energy of the room moments after my friend from the prior week's dinner at The House stopped by to say hello it would not be long before crusty bread and clean, herbal, and grassy olive oil would arrive and quickly on its heels was more bread, but this time a substantial upgrade in the form of "Chopped Chicken Liver Crostini with Fig Chutney" featuring warm and toasty bread topped with rough cut chicken liver, rougher cut figs, a bit of pistachio and some chives.  Rustic as hell, savory but sweet - a good start and a sign of things to come.Arriving quick on the heels of the crostini and garnering the majority of my early attention due to temperature components, Fried Green Tomatoes with Green Goddess and Feta would prove to be the highlight in an evening full of them and without a doubt the best tomato based dish I've had since my first visit to Alinea.  Still a touch sour and retaining all of its snappy texture despite a quick dip in the fryer each medallion of cornmeal crusted tomato was a shock to the palate and well balanced by the tangy cheese with a substantial vegetal component added by sour cream, chervil, lemon, pepper, and what may have been avocado this plate sang a song of late summer with every bite as good as the one prior.Having already mentioned FnB's aptitude for pacing but informed by my server that people were finishing up earlier than anticipated and thus they'd not need my seat for LnL I heard the young chef before me inform the rest of the team to start working on my next course as I reached the final bites of the crostini and within fifteen minutes course two arrived as a complete trio with a main and two sides, none with meat and none needing it either; to quote a non-vegetarian friend "you could make a complete meal out of just the vegetable side dishes and walk out happy."Beginning first with the main course as it was actually the weakest of the evening's savories, the "Pasta, Lobster Mushrooms, Tarragon, Corn, Peas, Pistachio Crumb" was not a 'bad' dish by any means, but at $25 the house made rolled noodles, butter, and fresh vegetables it simply did not live up to the price tag.  Obviously not one to quibble prices of quality ingredients I certainly see where Charleen was going with this dish but even at $5-10 less it was just pasta, a bit of olive oil, vegetables, nuts, and fungus - the later two together dominating the flavor and texture profile to the point where the rest was superfluous.Fine with the pasta but wanting to be wowed like I was by the tomatoes I found salvation in both "sides" and if I were forced to choose which I liked better I'd likely suggest the "Spaghetti Squash Almondine" in one breath and the "Roasted Carrots, Pine Mushrooms, Garlic Butter" in another - the former featuring tender strands of the sweet gourd touched with pepper, oil, and a generous helping of toasty sliced almonds and the later carrots in different degrees of preparation paired simply with rich butter, mounds of tender mushrooms, and a healthy compliment of garlic; a perfect bite found in the charred carrot and a particularly hefty 'shroom on a slice of bread dredged in the garlic butter.Essentially incapable of skipping dessert after such a good (okay, fine, any) meal I was hoping for bread pudding as an alternative to the pudding I knew I would be having a few weeks later at the FnB/noca showdown I was disappointed when the answer was panna cotta and thus went with the Butterscotch Pudding, Fresh Whipped Cream, Nutmeg hoping it would be as good as the rumors - and to that, I guess it depends which rumor you believe because for me it was good, but in the end entirely unmemorable as the use of unflavored whipped cream did a nice job of balancing the sweetness of the pudding but did nothing in terms of texture rending each bite the same as the last in terms of taste and texture.  A spoonful would have been enough.Adhering rather closely to the previously noted time restrictions and finishing up the last bites of the pudding around 9:05 my server next arrived with the clever Ipad billing system and $90 (after tax&tip) later I was bid farewell by servers and staff before making my way to the streets of Scottsdale where even on a Sunday night well-heeled folks were out drinking, dining, and having a great time - though undoubtedly on less 'wowing' food than much of what I'd just enjoyed, regardless of price.  A meal that certainly fell far short of perfection yet at the same time the sort of place I'd return with minimal hesitation I will admit that I don't think FnB comes close to the designation of "best restaurant in Arizona," but with carrots and tomatoes that had me reminiscing meals at Michelin 3* restaurants there is no doubt that there is something special going on in that small kitchen on Stetson.
5	Amazing food and great service.  I highly reccomend sitting at the counter on your first visit so you can watch the food being prepared.  If you're into great tasting food then this is your place.  If you get the chance try the leaks, they're fantastic.
4	I was visiting Phoenix for the week and decided to venture out into Scottsdale to check out the scene.  I wanted a unique place with good food and this place definitely fit the bill.  When I called to make a reservation on a Saturday night earlier in the day, they couldn't get us in until 9 pm.  I guess I shouldn't have been too surprised given it was the weekend.  I asked if they could call me back if there was a cancellation for an earlier time and the person on the phone, I believe his name was Pavle, obliged without hesitation.  10 minutes later I get a call back about a cancellation near the time I initially requested.  I thought that was nice he called back.The menu isn't huge and a lot of what was on there I had never heard of.  Pavle was so helpful though as he explained in detail the food and how the ingredients meld together to bring out the flavor.  The socca was amazing.  It was very flavorful, as were the fried green tomatoes.  My friend is vegetarian and although there were vegetarian items on the menu, Pavle recommended that the chef make a special vegetarian dish for her that wasn't on the menu.  I thought that was a cool gesture.  The restaurant is small but the ambiance is trendy.  We left impressed with the food and happy with our decision to come to this restaurant.
5	While it is somewhat disputed that the phrase the "whole is more than the sum of its parts" actually was stated in those words, there is no dispute that Charleen Badman has mastered the concept.  I only  write more than one review of our experience in a place when things are outstanding, and this place is so incredible that it bears repeating. Leeks and pork shanks and mushrooms, oh my!  The salad that Peg had was made up of incredibly fresh ingredients not to be found in most venues.  Chantal was our guide, and we met Emily (a new face for us) who made additional service seem flawless and easy to do. Of course, Pavle was being Pavle, and it is such a pleasure to hear him introducing his/Charleen's world to new diners. The butterscotch pudding is still one of the seven wonders of the world.  We look forward to seeing them next month on the occasion of our 42nd wedding anniversary.  Dr. B
5	I don't get blown away too often when I go out to dinner but I did here. EVERYTHING we tried was PREPARED TO PERFECTION, SEASONED WONDERFULLY and each dish was UNIQUE and INTERESTING and mostly unlike dishes I've tried at other places.The only problem we've encountered was deciding on what to order since they had SO MANY INTERESTING dishes on the menu. so we ordered several plates.We started with crispy chick peas, the famous award winning Leek dish and the I hope this one stays on the menu, Beet Falafel plate. All were excellent. I had the Leek dish before so I knew it would be good but the Beet (yes beet) Falafels were MIND BLOWING CRAZY GOOD with the surprise dips. Both dips were VERY GOOD but that  spicy red dip really was awesome. To me that falafel plate should be an award winner.For dinner I had the Corvina. For sure this was one of the very best fish dishes I've had in Arizona. I think if you THINK you don't like fish you would like fish it you had it as well prepared and as fresh as what I had here it really was that good.My husband had the brontosaurus sized Pork Shank that had this really perfect crust on it. I think it was GENIUS of Chef Charleen to pair it with watermelon radish kim chi and bok choy. BTW the kim chi was better than some I've tried out at Asian Restaurants.We didn't need dessert but wanted to try one anyway since it was such a home run. I don't remember what he called it but it was some sort of chocolate cake with a chocolate mousse center on top of a very dark chocolate sauce. It seemed very light but I know it wasn't. I wasn't a problem to eat anyway.With out a doubt Among the BEST and most Interesting that the Valley offers.I will have to dine here more often.
5	I wanted to bring my family out to an interesting culinary experience, and FnB was decidedly up to the challenge. They have a smaller menu of items that they change out semi-regularly, with about four choices for appetizer, sides and mains. We managed to end up having about one of everything on the menu, and I must say: fantastic. Great combinations of ingredients, both expected and unexpected, but quite the tastebud paradise. Of particular note was the roasted cajun chickpeas, and the duck with merguez and rice.They have a few decent craft beers to go along with it all, as well as wines by the glass. Dessert was quite a treat as well; I had an interesting twist on butterscotch pudding that was delectable.
5	This is a gift to Scottsdale. As small as it is I was surprised at how much character it musters. The atmosphere, staff and food are all enchanting. I suggest sitting at the bar facing the chefs so you can watch their every move. My pork shank was decedent as were the leeks.  The menu is constantly changing and features locally sourced organic ingredients. Bonus Tip: If you're waiting on a seat, Kazimierz is right next door for a quick glass of wine.
2	I guess I'm not as sophisticated--or I'm lacking some sensory "thing"--but these dishes didn't work out for me. The leeks, the mussels, the rutabaga, the fennel(?), the beet falafel. It was just didn't work out--and I was looking forward to it. I did enjoy dessert--a donut (although it was called something else).I understand much of what's said by those reviewing favorably. The dishes are unique. They are interesting. There's definitely something creative happening in the kitchen. And I want to be able to love the food. But it didn't work out.I'm sorry to write that, because by all accounts, people who know good food love this restaurant.
4	I've been there from it's early roots and been a big fan.  This place is a shining star in Old Town!  Hopefully they'll be able to continue with their standards post-transition but it's gonna be big shoes to fill...
4	Had a wonderful meal and experience last night, love the small but very interesting menu, changes daily. Four of us shared lamb riblets, cheese, falafel then Dave's Chicken and ciopini All favors fantastic, great service, nice ambience. We will be back
5	When one finds someone/something that inspires loyalty, it is a beautiful thing!  Peggy and I dined at the new location of FnB this evening, and our loyalty to the duo of Pavle Milic and Charlene Badman was once again royally rewarded. Spicy broccoli with tangerine aioli and pistachio, and Peg had the hand-pulled mozzarella and leeks gribiche to start the evening.  Actually, seeing Pavle and Charlene began the evening, so things were never in question. I had the roast chicken, which would seem to be a very uninspired dish in most venues. The addition of spaetzle, spigarelllo and pan jus didn't allow that to happen. Peg had the corvina (read: white seabass) with a pomegranate-persimmon, get-your-freekah-on, and Meyer lemon chermoula. Passing the always wonderful butterscotch pudding (gotten probably 80% of the time) we opted for a kumquat lemon verbina creme brulee. Aside from the technical wizardry that Charlene produces, the new place (nee Baratin) had a very comfortable vibe. The rooms and decor are inviting, and it is hard to believe that not a beat was skipped. We told both Pavle and Charlene that we would be happily content with 50% of them on opening night.....we got 100%....as always!  Dr. B
5	Excellent dessert.  If you go here you must try the desert.  We shared the  butterscotch pudding which is the best pudding I  have ever had.  I was trying to steer clear of sweets, but with the recommendation of you must have this...I went for it.  I am glad I did since the desert at FnB can be put in my most memorable deserts of all time. Yes when I am dieting I can dream of FnB.  I also enjoyed the fingerling potatoes with the dirty chicken gravy and a super fresh sandwich.  I am not a fan of basic sandwiches, but with recommendation by FnB staff I went for it.  The mix of hummus, turkey, avocado, even feta cheese made a great dish.  I even liked the pickled corn and peppers.  Can't say I ever had pickled corn on the cob before, so it was another exciting moment for me:)What a great lunch, so great that I can't wait to come back and enjoy some dinner dishes.  You should try them out as well, what a great place.
5	Full disclosure, I know Charleen and think she's great.  She didn't pay or help or prompt me in any way to write this.  I just think this place is one of the best for foodies in the valley.First time at their new locale, and the food and service was as great as ever.  I actually said "thats the best chicken I've ever put in my mouth" and it was my husband's dinner, not mine. Starters, pate and mozz/melted leeks were both outstanding.  I tell myself that i have to learn to make mozz like she does  but then I remember I have a day job which is not culinary inclined. I'll tell you that Char's burrrata is even better than the mozz if you can get it.To order: the beet falafel is insanely good, not a thing I would choose to order normally but way worth your time! I happen to think its the Chef's favorite starter! The beet falafel has a beet puree, the best pita chips you'll ever taste, yogurt sauce and other yummy accouterments. I'm a foodie but it's hard for even me to explain why and how this is so effing perfect.  Just go there and try it.   When faced with starters like mussels and lamb riblets, I know it's a challenge. But please try the aforementioned pate which was had a wonderful richness offset by gherkins and grainy mustard. I love me some Matt Carter but I daresay this is better than Zinc's homemade pate, which is now second to Char's.  Pasta with cauliflower, green beans, some other things I forgot because there's always crispy  parm/reggiano frico on top which makes me lose my mind to the point that I can hardly remember to wipe the amazing butter sauce off my chin.Should I say something bad to balance my review? I'm struggling.  We had a new to us waiter named Travis and he rocked.  Did I mention that they have WINE ON TAP? Travis explained it's just a pony keg like beer but with a nitrogen line aka Guinness so the wine doesn't oxidize.  So smart. So want one.  You should go to FnB. If you hate it call me.  I'll be sitting by the phone that doesn't ring.
5	One of my Top Ten dining experiences of 2012. A tiny space with the kitchen -- rather than the bar -- as its focal point upon entering. Everything our party ordered was delicious, but most notable were the vegetable preparations. The creativity on the vegetable dishes made me contemplate becoming a situational vegetarian (the situation being I eat every meal at FnB). Looking forward to a return visit on my next trip to AZ. In fact, it may be worth making a special trip just to eat here again.
5	FnB is one of the best restaurants in Arizona. I have been consistently impressed with their delectable dishes comprised of fresh local ingredients. Pavle and Charleen are certainly an amazing team and it's clear that each of them is passionate about what they do. Pavle's hospitality and knowledge shine as he takes you through the menu and makes sure you're comfortable and well taken care of throughout the evening. Charleen is a master in the kitchen and turns out the most amazing plates. Veggies never tasted so good!The atmosphere is intimate yet fun. From the moment you enter FnB you're treated as a friend. I've been a happy customer since it's near beginnings, and I've always had a perfect experience when dining there.As far as menu specifics? Get the butterscotch pudding! Even if you weren't expecting to get dessert you shouldn't pass it up. Also, most of the time, my husband and I go the small plate route (and maybe order an entree to split as well). We love how everything sounds--and we're pretty good about sharing--so we find that ordering small plates is the most exciting dining experience for us. If you're not so experienced with wine, don't worry! Pavle will help you. I told him I had no idea what I liked with wine and he responded, "Of course you know what you like! If you know what you like in food, you know what you like in wine." Again, the unshakably friendly demeanor you can expect at FnB, even if you're not an experienced oenophile.
5	Yup, it's as good as the ratings suggest.My husband and I fell in love with this tiny little gem from the get-go. Intimate but not stuffy setting, reminiscent of a European cafe.Staff was friendly and we got seated right away, despite not having reservations - that's because we eat early! (5:30)As for the food-- SO GOOD. We had a wonderful turkey soup and the scallops were perfectly cooked, and the preparation was so unique.Love that we'll go back again and have a different menu to choose from. Yes, we ARE going back. SOON.
4	Got a huge appetite?  Ready for savory food?  Ok, did you make a reservation?  Yes to all 3 questions?  Well, it is time to head over to the FnB.WOWzer!  I happened to choose this restaurant by chance on a nite a friend and I were looking for some place different and nw to go to.  I'm so very happy that we did. this is a small establishment with the kitchen practically the center piece of the small space.  The kitchen is surrounded by the bar.  If you're lucky, you can take a seat there.  BTW, you may make a reservation to be seated at the bar.  I think the restaurant is quaint and has a romantic feel to it.  (This review is based on the old location.  They've since moved.)That night, I was so happy with the service.  The waitress was kind and thoughtful.  She was very busy.  She was playing hostess as well as waiting on tables.  She explained things on the menu and suggested drinks to us.  I don't recall the mixed cocktails, but we each had 4 different cocktails between the two of us and enjoyed the variety of the flavors in the drinks.  The cocktails were original drinksWe ordered the okra fries, I'm not sure what I was expecting, but they were just "ok" for me.  I was not that impressed by them at all.  However, the dinner was a different story.  I had a wonderful dish with duck in it and my friend had a chicken dish.  Both of the entrees were enjoyed by us both.  The menu changes frequently.  I just visited there 2 months ago and I looked on line to see if I could spefically name the dishes, but the menu is completely different! I recommend this place for date night!!  It's also nice for out of town guests who enjoy food and think of a meal as a grand experience.
5	One of my favorite spots in old town. Their menu is constantly changing since they have the farm to table concept. If you have time before dinner, stop by Kazimierz down the street for a martini.
5	Ok, I'm updating my review yet again. i'm losing sleep over the fact that I gave my absolute favorite restaurant a 4 star review due to one off night. My husband and I love coming here, and we love bringing friends here to try the awesome food.Some noteworthy highlights since the last review:--We attended the vegetarian night here in January. Of course I loved every bite, but what was really cool to me was that the restaurant was completely sold out that evening. That says a lot about Charleen's way with vegetables. Absolute magic!--We finally got over our fear of AZ wine and tried a bottle of the Dos Cabezas El Campo, included in the  SF Chronicle's top 100 wines of 2012. The Dos Cabezas Syrah that went with veg dinner was great too.--FnB has moved to Baratin's old digs. I miss sitting at the counter but love the bigger space. Hopefully we'll make it to the Frank Sinatra table one day.
1	Dissappointing Experience.  Based on the reviews (and the bill), we expected a lot more.  Food was fine, but not exceptional.  Did not like the "butterscotch" pudding dessert - was not sweet nor did it taste anything like butterscotch.  We did notify the waitress about this, and she did take it off the bill (after exclaiming that no one had ever complained about it before!).  Servers were very casual in appearance and personality - not what one would expect at a resturant where entres are $40.  We also had poor service - seemed like no one waiter was assigned to our table - we had to flag down various people for service.  Additionally the tables and chairs were very close together.  All in all, it was much more casual atmosphere than expected based on reviews.  There are so many great resturants in Scottsdale; unfortunately this was not one of them!
5	Incredibly done food - very innovative, creative cuisine. Had lunch and dinner here on my last visit to Scottsdale. Real butterscotch for dessert, to die for! Service is also top-notch, the people here make you feel special, you can tell this restaurant is owned and operated by people who really care about their customers and love food. Only wished I lived in Scottsdale so my wife and I could dine here more often.
1	I decided to go to this restaurant because of my fellow online reviewers & unfortunately it's the first time I've felt let down.  My boyfriend and I went to Su Vino winery right before they were closing & needed to find a new place to eat so I pulled up Trip Advisor & found F&B had amazing reviews.  As we walked in I thought the place was really cute, it was really eclectic & looked very down to earth.We sat down & were asking questions to the waitress because their drink menu is a bit confusing.  She seemed a little impatient with us but then would go to the table next to us (an older couple) and be so friendly & nice... seemed really odd.  I got the impression that maybe she thought they would spend more & tip her better but we spent over $200 on our meal so I would think that deserves a little attention.  I advise all younger patrons to try not to sit in the section of the early 30's blonde waitresses, unless you want rude service.The food was not really that spectacular either.  The ambiance gives you the impression of a farm fresh type cuisine but the steak we had was not impressive at all.  Grass fed beef is really my favorite because it tends to just melt in your mouth but it didn't taste much better than something you would buy in the butcher section of your grocery store.  We ordered the falafel (probably the best out of everything), sunchokes (very weird it almost tastes like a potato/artichoke & I definitely do not recommend this) it tasted very unhealthy & they gave you way too much.I would have to say that the absolute worst part for me was the dessert, of all things this should be executed perfectly because that's the last thing you eat before you leave.  I originally ordered the trip chocolate souffle cake & was sooooo excited, what a joke!!  I have made souffle many times & it is very difficult but what they served was not souffle it tasted like they pulled an old dessert out of the refrigerator, dumped Hershey syrup on it & served it.  It was dense, cold & dry... YUCK!!!  I took one bite & could not eat another, after 20 minutes of our dessert sitting their uneaten the waitress finally came back to check on us & I ordered the Butterscotch Pudding (their signature dessert) & the waitress said, "oh you decided to try that too?"  She brought it out & then dropped off our check.  Okay here's a little Serving 101, if somebody orders dessert & doesn't eat it & then orders another dessert you may want to ask if something was wrong???  Not just ignore the table & then drop off the check to avoid having a conversation or to remove an item... who does that???  I then told her that I didn't like the dessert & to please remove it.  After 2.5 hours, a few courses, $240 (with tip) later I was glad to leave.  I will not be returning or recommending this place in the future, in fact I've told a few people already not to waste their time in trying it.
5	Fabulous...As the tatted-out owner/waiter says, "It's not for everyone!"  What a terrific dining experience!
5	Chef Charleen Badman is a culinary wizard!   We visit Scottsdale once a year and would never miss the opportunity to dine at FnB and experience her "comfort food" alchemy.  What Charleen does to locally sourced produce and meats has to be savored to be described.  We have eaten all over the world - and FnB stands out from the crowd.  Small and intimate - but NEVER stuffy.  Don't pass up the cauliflower and the fennel with egg is a local legend!
5	Fine dining is an inspirational art, not a tablecloth or pricepoint, and at the heart of that art is originality, virtuosity and charm. All three are very much on display in this talented, imaginative partnership.   No place is perfect.  We waited too long for the check. My chair was awkwardly angled next to a drain on the patio. But the culinary sense of discovery and service highs are frequent enough - and sufficiently high - to rather comfortably ensconce FnB in five star territory. I suggest booking an earlier reservation, before the restaurant is really bustling, and heeding the detailed (and dead on) recommendations of Mr Milic.
5	Recommended by the concierge at the Hotel Valley Ho, our group of 6 ventured over not knowing what to expect. I can honestly say that this is probably in my top 3 best restaurant experiences of my entire life. Pavle was our server and had incredible energy and passion about the menu items. Describing in detail many of the menu items, we decided to ask him, quite simply, "just bring us food" and the journey began. Pavle brought us small plates and entrees, vegetarian dishes and meat dishes. Interesting ingredients, all fresh and local and presented beautifully to our table in perfect time. Every bite was an adventure and created conversation. Never did we feel rushed and we all couldn't stop raving about all the different dishes we tried. Highlights for me included the turkish lamb dumplings and the falafel with delfino cilantro. We all left with a big smile on our faces and feeling full, but not overally full. I cannot wait to come back to Scottsdale and try the next FNB selections. A most unique and memorable dining experience.
5	Loved it!  Really original.  Wasn't sure after looking over the menu but everything smelled good and tasted even better.  Even my husband, who eats out for work several times a week, was impressed.
2	When I think of gastropubs, a number of visions come to mind. For example, I think of creative, tasty food. I also think of a good selection of beer and spirits (that's the "pub" part. I also think about a lightness - space, light and comfort. Unfortunately, this place offered none of these qualities. We were seated in a room near the kitchen that was cramped as it was hot. The kitchen hood wasn't keeping up with the smoke from grilling, so the room had a cloud of smoke that floated just below the ceiling that reminded me of how bars looked 20 years ago when they were filled with cigarettes. Forget about getting beer on tap (remember - 'pub!). Only a handful of bottled beers graced an inventive wine list, but alas, that was flawed too - our top choices were sold out. Did I mention that the temperature in the restaurant was 78 degrees? It was like sitting in your grandmother's living room. The food kept up the losing trend. The falafel was overcooked. We had a decent app of dumplings of a sort. The pasta with cauliflower was dense and lifeless - maybe it would have been better on a cold windy night, but not so much in the smokey, overheated gastro-sauna. We were very disappointed.
2	It really pains me to write this review because the service at FnB is always top notch. The friendly crew is on top of everything without being overly intrusive, they're kind and they have plenty of knowledge regarding their menu and wine list. They go above and beyond to create a great atmosphere.My problem last night was the food. Holy cow was it bad! Each vegetable dish came out swimming in piles of oil. At one point I looked to my wife and said something to the effect of, "Wow... there's so much oil on this plate, my fork is literally sliding out of my hand." We shared six vegetarian dishes, each more oily than the dish prior. The meal got progressively worse. Sunchokes drowned in oil, leaks drowned in oil, you get the picture.We've been to FnB before and usually enjoy the food. This trip was a disaster though and I don't think we'll be heading back. In the words of Tom Colicchio on Top Chef, "Did you even try the food before sending it out of the kitchen?" would be my question to the chef. Overall, great service, and that's the only reason for the second star, a very poor dining experience this time around.
4	Phenomenal meal. When we arrived we were promptly greeted and seated. Although the wine by the glass choices were limited, there were decent options that matched the menu. The service looked a little backed up, and our first drink took quite a bit longer than expected, which brings the fifth star down. My date and I started with the lamb manti, which was incredible. It was a dish of little pastries filled with lamb, served with pomegranate and middle eastern yogurt and cheese. It was a dish I had never eaten before and is something I'm excited to try again, the best dish of the night. We also had the pasta, spaghetti squash and lamb chops, all of which were excellent. I doubt there is a bad dish on the menu. Definitely go if you have a chance, this is definitely one of the best spots in the valley.
5	FnB is firmly in my Top 3 favorite restaurants, and the only one of my 3 that is actually affordable to eat at more than once a year.I'll admit, my wife and I moved from the Phoenix area just before Pavle & Co jumped to their Baratin location, so I can't vouch for the vibe and atmosphere of the new place. I can however vouch for the fact that we only had 2 dishes that disappointed over approximately a dozen visits.Their championing of Arizonan wines is brave, and ultimately a brilliant move, given that there are now so many incredible wines coming out of that state. The most amazing thing at FnB however, is the dizzying array of vegetable dishes that Chef Charlene would create - the Leeks and Grilled Broccoli standing out immediately in my mind.Pavle is undoubtedly the most charming host you'll ever meet - if he ends up serving your table, you'll see what I mean.We miss this place so much... When we next are in the PHX area, we'll have another visit to FnB inked into our schedule.
5	This place is quirky and perfect and 5 stars deliciousness. The lamb manti was divine. The combo of cilantro and mint gave it a fresh kick. We also enjoyed the pickled shrimp with fennel dish. My only complaint but it wont affect "stardom" is that the wines were way overpriced. Be sure to make a reservation and enjoy the culinary ride.
5	This restaurant knows what they're doing!  Tucked away in a courtyard in Old Town, the open kitchen doesn't hold any secrets, it smells awesome in this place.  Our waiter, whose name I regretfully forget, was outstanding.  He was short and heavily tattooed, and played the tables like a symphony musician.  It was quite hot inside when I arrived and after I mentioned it to the waiter he promptly had the temp dropped a good 10 degrees in 10 minutes.  Thanks dude, it was a first date and I was sweating enough as it was!  I had the "piece of cheese" tray for an app, it was a Bleau (usually not my fav) but it turned out to be quite good, mild and tasty.  My entree was the lamb, and it was beyond Thunderdome amazing!  I mean, amazing!Great experience, I look forward to many returns.
5	FnB was a very pleasant surprise on my trip to Scottsdale. We went there for lunch on a very hot day. The restaurant was small but cozy and warm with floor to ceiling windows and a kitchen open to the diners. The menu is small - only six items including dessert. You'll have to be game for almost anything to enjoy.  There were two of us, and we ordered the whole menu except dessert. We started with a ramp dip with scallions and bacon served with a side of chips. It was fantastic!! The store next door sells the dip. I'm pretty sure I could eat it every day for a month. We asked for more chips so that we could eat every last drop. Next up was a bright and light salad with strawberries, pomegranate and vinaigrette. There were Asian inspired meatballs next and a celery root gratin. Both amazing. Finally we had a chicken swarma wrap. Good but the one thing we probably could have skipped. We didn't drink anything but water, but it's worth noting that the wine list looked great and highly curated as well. Best of all, the price for this ridiculous amount of food was totally reasonable. The restaurant was so great, we might go back for dinner too!
5	FnB is located in oldtown Scottsdale.  It's quaint, simple, yet elegant in its menu.  My favorites were the spicy broccoli with tangerine aioli and pistachios and roasted rutabaga with ginger creme fraiche and crispy onion slivers.  You'll love this place!
5	We always order too much food here because everything in so darn good. I am hooked on the falafels so I have to order whatever one they offer since that first beet falafel I tried. Since then I had the Swiss Chard Falafel and this last one was the spring green Falafel. All were great and yummy I can't wait to get the next one. Instead of a salad we shared the Broccoli with tangerine aioli and pistachios. It was delicious and it was the first time my husband ever ate aioli because he is very anti mayo but he said it was good.My husband ate the shrimp appetizer he said the shrimp were cooked perfect and he really enjoyed them.I had the Halibut and I have to say it might have been the best halibut I ever had. It was so tasty and juicy with great flavor from the wood grill. It was served over a cous cous that was studded with fava beans , tomatillios , fancy almonds and rainbow heirloom carrots and then topped with pretty purple micro sprouts. It all tasted really good together and this was the first time I ever had chopped up fresh tomatillos in a dish in this way it worked really well.My husband had the lamb chops he said it was the best lamb he ever had!Dinner was a big home run and the poppy seed tangerine cake sounded too good to resist to we had to try it. The cake was topped with mascarpone cream and cherries. I didn't like the taste of the cream by itself but on the cake it was delicious and this was one of the best desserts I ate this year so far.I'll be having my five star leftovers for lunch tomorrow. Woohoo!
5	Hands down THE BEST restaurant I have ever eaten at in my life.  There food is always fresh and cooked perfectly.  They change their menu every couple of months and I try to go each time they change the menu.
4	Had a really great time at FnB last night.  The early summer menu was truly memorable.Appetizers:- The beets were full of flavor and the special creme freche like sauce really made them pop- The braised leeks with the fried egg were incredibly good.  - The lamb appetizer had mixed reviews.  I didn't think it was special, but two in our party really enjoyed them.Mains:- The lamb, artichoke moussaka was full of flavor.  I was fortunate enough to have the last serving. - The lamb chops are either the best or second best (see braised leeks) item on the menu.  So many flavors that tumble over.  Really enjoyed it.- The sea bass was sea bass.  It was a little more grilled than usual, which gave it a nice flavor, but nothing to write home about- My wife and friend loved the seafood pasta, but I can't comment too much, as I did not partakeDesserts: - The cornbread.  Well, I didn't have it, but the three in my party that did all loved it- The Eton Mess was amazing.  Instead of strawberries, they used rhubarb.  The tartness of the rhubarb went perfectly with the meringue and cream.  I wish I had some right now for breakfast.Service:- Excellent.  Very helpful.  Very friendly.  Great timing.  Except for the end (see below).FnB would have gotten five stars and still can in the future, but one thing really irked me.  We were rushed out.  The check came while we were still having dessert.  Ok, no problem, but usually you ask for the check.  Then after we had finished dessert and two in our party were still drinking their coffees, our server came and told us that there was no rush but that people were waiting for our table.  Ok, so that's a little off putting.  Two minutes later, the hostess came over and told us the same thing.  Ok, we got the point.  We'd only been there for 2.5 hours and the coffees were still half full.  Not a great ending, but I'll chalk it up as a mulligan and hope it doesn't happen again because the rest of the evening was excellent.Oh, and they need more comfortable chairs.
5	This is a place for foodies:  fresh, local ingredients and typical small plates and pasta dishes in new and exciting compositions. Visited FnB in late April with four friends. Sat outside in the garden area.The waitress was so sweet and catered to us very well (she may have been the owner or head chef's wife). The wines were very good, and some of them local and on tap. Favorites on the menu that night included:homemade pasta dish with lots of fresh herbs and veggiesfalafelcornbread strawberry shortcakeThe food had lots of flavor, was not too heavy and was ideal for sharing within a small group. It is really delicious at FnB and a highlight of the Scottsdale/Phoenix area. One of few places I would 100% return to again and again for a quality meal.
5	Went there with some friends for my wife's birthday. It was our first time there.Our server was Nathan, who was fantastic. He was extremely knowledgeable about everything on the menu and honest too.  I've been hearing about this legendary Leek appetizer from other friends for 2 years, so regardless of all the other delicious sounding appetizers I ordered them.Frankly, I don't know what the fuss was about. It was good, but i was expecting something dynamic, something I would remember for a long time. However, along with our appetizers Nathan suggested this artichoke and chick pea snack. It was very dry, flaky artichokes, with chick peas, salt and a splash of lemon. It was amazing. We finished it and ordered another one right away. Substitute this for the leeks. My entree was the Lamb Chops. These were also out of this world. Plenty of black char on the outside, cooked perfectly and seasoned just right to let the lamb speak for itself. I love trying new things on the menu, but I will probably come back and order this again. FnB just vaulted up to near the top of my list of "if someone is coming into town and they only have one night to go out to dinner" places.
3	I chose this place for it's really cool ambiance and the way it's tucked away behind everything.  It was nice that it wasn't so loud and right in the middle of the hustle and bustle. The patio is GREAT and the inside has a very intimate and mellow vibe to it so it's beautiful for a date. I like to consider myself fairly adventurous when it comes to food, but the menu threw us off guard and nothing looked very appealing. We decided to have a glass of wine and moved on to Cien Agave for dinner. It seems like everyone else like it. Perhaps I'll go back with a better idea on what to expect and a more open mind!
1	Let me start with the food.  The meal started off fine with a salad of beets, greens and goats cheese.  The deviled eggs from a variety of fowl was more like hard boiled eggs then deviled eggs.  Lamb chops had a nice flavor but came out before they had the chance to settle.  Fish over couscous was a disaster.  Conceptually the dish was suppose to be freshly cooked hot fish over cold couscous - this was verified by the server.  I don't see how this is a good idea because when you combine a hot element with a cold element you just get lukewarm, especially when one is piled on top of the other.  The fish was actually lukewarm because of a mistake in the kitchen.  Despite having a reservation the flustered server at the door asked us to check out the restaurant's attached shop.  It was quite a while before the server greeted our table.  Everything was fine until we waited over 35 minutes between the starters and entrees.  It is painfully obvious that the fish dish was cooked before the kitchen realized they forgot to fire the lamb chops.  Instead of re-cooking the fish the kitchen decided to send it out cold along with the sizzling chops.  Upon sending the dish back the server asked if we'd like anything else.  After explaining to her that I did not wish to prolong an unsatisfactory experience she sent over what appeared to be another server.  The gentlemen asked if there was anything else we would like and I just asked for the bill.  He barked at me 'there is no bill tonight' and quickly walked away without saying anything else or allowing me the opportunity to say anything else.  An awkward night ended with a quick good bye and lots of laughs in the car.
4	the menu always changes, so i can't make any recommendations, but everything here was delicious and the waitstaff was very prompt and polite. they had a great wine list and some interesting sounding cocktails too.
5	my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale.  seasonal menu, creative dishes, and i just love all the dishes the chef made.  we lunch here weekly or else i started to miss it.  :)
5	I'd heard a lot of hype about FnB from friends and foodies in my area, but it took me far too long to get there and see if the hype was justified, and boy was it ever. Pavle Milic is a suave front-of-house co-owner, who, along with his great staff, make you feel very welcome on every visit. But all the good graces in the world wouldn't make a difference if the food wasn't good, and it's gooood.Charleen leads the kitchen and delivers some of the best simple but elegant food in the valley. The focus is on fresh, seasonal ingredients, and the menu is constantly changing depending on what's available. What really blows me away at FnB are the vegetable dishes. I crave them! It's what has brought me back to FnB on many occasions since my first visit. Also, the restaurant opens up late on Saturday nights for "Late Night Love", which is a limited menu with a special entree and discounted drinks. Every time I go to LNL, I see local chefs there, and when the chefs come out, you know you're in the right place.
5	Delicious!!  Polenta is great.
5	The food has been great every time I have gone and the atmosphere is always fun.
3	Fun restaurant! Fun menu! Too much of a loud, crowded, college-age scene on the weekends for my taste.
5	This is definitely one of the best restaurants in Arizona. FnB has incredible ingredients and the food is prepared perfectly. I definitely tried a lot of things I wouldn't normally see on menus in Scottsdale and loved everything.  I go frequently and the food, service, and ambiance has been perfect every time.
5	FnB is a wonderful treat: vegetables prepared beautifully and uniquely, impeccable service, and a general sense of wellness that accompanies a meal that doesn't miss a beat. Pavle treats everyone as if they're family and walked us through a tour of the lagos, skirt steak, roasted potatoes, and so much more.The lagos was a wonderful turkish-inspired bread dish served with enormous orbs of roasted elephant garlic, which we spread "like butter", served with a nice cream sauce. It was fantastic.The skirt steak was perfectly prepared and served over an interesting cold salsa of roasted corn and apricot and some other goodies, with a chimichurri sauce on top. Spot on, and an interesting blend of textures and flavors.And the potatoes. I did not know you could do such things to potatoes. Roasted and charred perfectly, with a nearly spongy crunch to them, served with delicious melted cheese and an egg on top.The menu rotates pretty frequently so I won't go into too much detail of the several other dishes we had but I'll say they were all pitch-perfect, up to the amazing butterscotch pudding we had for dessert.This is one of those special meals that will warm you over as you get to try new approaches to interesting ingredients. Each step is exciting and different and tastes fantastic. I'm not a wine drinker, so I can't comment on the Arizona-only wine selection, but I've heard good things and with everything else being so spot-on, I'd be surprised if it were to be found a shortcoming.I plan on coming back in the next quarter when the menu shifts up again, but that's only because I'm trying my hardest not to come back immediately and do it all again.
5	FnB is basically the reason my husband and I come to Scottsdale from Seattle. We visited again in April and were not disappointed. We had a couple of apps, all delicious, the the many pickled eggs was a standout. I had great lamb chops and my husband had some unbelievable pasta with chicken liver and spring peas and some other magical stuff.  We each started with a martini and progressed to tap wine. This place actually makes me wish I had a bigger stomach.
5	Simply amazing. Came here last night with my boyfriend and parents. Pavle, the owner, was our server and provided such a wonderful dining experience. He is so friendly and made us laugh throughout the evening. He answered all of our questions (including my moms 101 questions) and described all the dishes we inquired about in such detail. The food is fresh, local, and innovative. The menu is seasonal and changes every few months. We ate every last bite of each appetizer and entree. The food was yet again incredible. This is a must for all locals and visitors!!!
5	Excellent lunch! Limited menu for lunch, but I find that refreshing. Everything fresh and local. I had a very good Arizona Stronghold white wine, Tyro?. Then a plate with apple sausage, crispy grilled bread, fennel apple salad with a tangy light dressing, and homemade applesauce. Wonderful mix of flavors, complementary yet different. Quick friendly service, and pleasant ambience.
5	We dined at FnB this past Friday evening with another couple.  There was a mix-up with our reservation, but we were seated promptly just the same.  I was completely blown away by our server.  She was beyond competent and efficient.  Note to Scottsdale restauranteurs: it is okay to hire experienced servers that might be over 30 years old.  She greeted our table and answered every question that I had before I even asked.  She was always attentive without interrupting us or being overly intrusive.  Usually, I go on about the food, but truly professional service is such a rarity these days.  I wish I recalled her name.  Anyway, the food was superb!  We had the special appetizer of grilled squid and shrimp and the lamb manti. There was enough for the 4 of us, but it was gone in a hurry.  We enjoyed the tandoori chicken with cous cous and the scallops entree.  Sides of carrots in a yogurt sauce and summer squash.  For dessert, the cornbread with ice cream and the chocolate cake.  I'm not doing justice on describing the food.  Everything was prepared perfectly.  What a lovely evening.  The only comment I have about the chicken entree is that it is served on a board.  It was difficult to dismantle without fearing that it would land on my lap.  Eh, it probably made me slow down and not eat so fast!  Thanks for a wonderful evening, FnB.  Oh, and we really enjoyed visiting the Bodega after dinner and purchasing some Bianco sauce.  The shopkeeper was warm, inviting, and entertaining.
5	Praise the Gods I found this place.  My hubs, mom and kids went for lunch.  When looking at the menu, nothing made sense.  Maybe the waiter suspected our hesitation/confusion.  He suggested we order one of everything on the menu (there were maybe 7 items) and share bites.  Thank you waiter man!  Great suggestion.  Every singe dish blew us away.  First bite; everyone at the table is silent and our eyes just shift back and forth around the table; we are all thinking the same thing.  Can you believe what were eating??  And pretty to look at too!  It was only lunch, but truly one of the more remarkable meals I have ever had.  Too bad we were in AZ for a family reunion and were stuck the rest of our trip.  I'd like to reunite with this place very, very soon.  Sorry Grandma, can't come see ya next trip, I'm staying with FNB.
4	Always great food made w/ locally sourced ingredients. Very hospitable owners & staff. Menu is always changing making you want to come back for more. Intense wine program.
5	Just ate here today and was amazing.   I love the food and atmosphere.  Vegetables were fresh and delicious. I'm gonna try to come here at least once a week it's that good. Will tell all friends about it.     I will for sure be coming back.
5	I have been wanting to come here for awhile.  Friends tell me this place is fabulous....and foodie  friends are always right!  It was my birthday dinner with just family so it was the perfect intimate place to have my dinner.  Summer - they are not open Sunday- Tuesday and being Labor Day weekend glad we called ahead because starting in Sept. they are now open on Tuesdays.  The food!  I love how the menu constantly changes depending what is in season.  My 11 yr. son was a little disappointed when they did not have a kids menu.  Rest assure our waitress was on it and gave him some suggestions and he was absolutely happy with his order.  When his order came out he thought this is a small portion.  He was pleasantly surprise the bowls are deceiving and it was more food than he anticipated.  His pasta, butter and parmesan was 13.00 bucks.  I am glad he enjoyed it....little steep.The rest of us had the roasted squash- delicious, pasta lobster mushroom dish which was to die for.  The flavors in that dish was unbelievable.  It was even better the next day for lunch...had leftovers.  Last dish was the pork & beef meatballs and my husband loved them.  The portions looks small when they come out but they are really filling and just the right amount.  I love how they feature Arizona wines (which I am skeptical at times) and beer...no skepticism there.  FnB served some great AZ brews. The staff here is great.  Our hostess and waitress were absolutely  informative and very friendly gave us taste of a wine to see if we would like it.  The service all around was great.At the end, which was really unexpected but they did bring out a birthday dessert of my choice-included a cute little candle and my family singing me happy birthday.....Priceless!
5	Food was so yummy! We are definitely going back! From the entrees to dessert, every dish was delicious. Okra was cooked and seasoned so well!
5	My wife continues to be the 'Yelp Queen'.  Many of our best restaurant discoveries while traveling are due to her ability to find these kinds of gems among the rubble of restaurants scattered around the city.  She finds them, I write about them.  This one gets 5 stars!FnB presents original, gourmet foods like you'd see on those Top Chef TV shows, thanks to Chef and part owner Charleen Badman.  The description from their FnB website says:"With a farm-focused menu and exclusive Arizona wine list housed in a charming, intimate setting, FnB has won the trust of diners the world over with its constantly-evolving, locally-sourced menu and a hospitable, unpretentious staff and setting."It would be wrong to say that the menu is of a single ethnic style or a specific culinary influence - it's not French, it's not Southwestern, it's not Greek or Mediterranean, and it's not asian seafoods.  Rather, it's exciting American cooking that includes all of those styles.  Chef Charleen draws from ingredients that are locally grown and that change with the growing seasons.  And what a treat it was!Appetizers included duck eggs or lamb manti with yogurt, urfa butter, pine nuts and pomegranate or a cheese spread plate with crispy pita bread along with marcona almonds and elephant garlic.We ordered several dishes priced between $8 and $15.  We sampled the sweet squash with coconut milk dressing and thai hatch chili relish.  We had roasted carrots with cardamon raita and cashews. I had a meat-filled filo shell that had hints of cinnamon, honey and pistachios.  Everything we tasted was over-the-top delicious and original.  We even lusted after the dishes brought to the neighboring tables - razor clams, pasta with sicilian sausage and even scallops.  It all looked so good and by the smiles on the other customer's faces told the same story - it was all fresh, original and delicious!The staff was equally fun.  Shantal and Nate served us well and patiently described menu items, made wine recommendations from the Arizona wine list (yes, I was skeptical but they were VERY good!) as well attending to us in a warm, friendly fashion.Then, just as we were about to leave at about 8:30PM on Sunday night, in walked a man and his wife with a bag full of the most interesting mushrooms I've ever seen.  Chef Charleen, the staff and the kitchen crew all gathered around as he poured out the thick, chunky, colorful mushrooms that he hoped to sell.  The casual, open atmosphere of the restaurant made it comfortable for me to grab my camera and join the little group gathered around the earthy fungi and snap a few shots.  The Chef bought the whole bag by the way.  I wish I were around the following few days to see how she ended up using them.We loved the fresh, new foods we got to try and loved meeting the entire group of folks who make this restaurant a top choice.  No wonder they've won so many awards.
5	FnB is an experience that is best enjoyed when you leave your comfort zone at the door before entering. There's no praise that I can heap on top of the praises that have already been given by others- you will have a memorable meal here for all of the right reasons.
5	Always good and fresh. I loved the old location. Prices can be a little high, but the quality of produce and ingredients is pretty high. Service is friendly and always well prepared.
4	What a great place, good food, the service staff is on point and the quality of food is very very good.007 Martini (Vespor) was a throw back that makes crack seem like wack...delicious.
5	One of our favorite places in the Valley! The braised leeks are unlike anything you are goi g to get anywhere. Just order them and thank me later. The grilled broccoli with Meyer lemon breadcrumbs was also a huge hit! The side dishes alone a good enough to warrant a visit!
1	I have never eaten here but am giving them "0" stars. It was my best friend's birthday and, a week before, I called FnB and arranged for them to send her a gift certificate. The man that answered took all my info and credit card number and assured me that it would be sent out immediately. Her birthday came and went - and no certificate ever arrived.I found out the above out after her birthday. I then called FnB, a woman answered, took my info and assured me that someone would get back to me. No one ever did.Very unprofessional and you ruined the birthday gift to my best friend.
5	I I was here last night with 4 others girlfriends and while it is confusing to find it was sooo worth it! The food was amazing and so flavorful without being too much! The service was fun and fabulous. We could not have asked for a better meal or time. We highly recommend this  restaurant for everyone. Thank you for an amazing evening!
4	Roasted tomato w/ sumac -- just ok. Braised leeks w/ fried egg was really good.Lamb riblets with farro and coriander were excellent (although I don't really care for the diminutive "-lets" on a menu). Friendly, good service, fun place!
5	A trendy wine bar-restaurant in Old Town Scottsdale that celebrates local. Have never had a bad meal or experience at FnB.
3	Took my wife here for her birthday. Initially greeted warmly and got a table within a few minutes of our reservation time. Took server 10 min to acknowledge us and take drink orders, however he was very pleasant and knowledgable about the food once he arrived. Food was delicious and well crafted, very fresh. Once we got our food wait staff disappeared and focused on larger tables. Never got refills on water or any acknowledgment. I had to ask to get a refill on water and a desert menu which eventually was brought over by a different waitress. Overall food was good but for the money I expect more service. Too bad as the food was excellent.
5	You must eat here! It's as simple as that. Still not convinced?! Read on...We are out of towners visiting the area on holiday and a friend recommended this place, although they hadn't been here, but had heard great things.To start with, my wife ordered the pate and I the fried green tomatoes. Both were delicious options. My FGTs were tangy, zesty and extremely fresh in a light batter. The secret sauce was superb and complimented the tomatoes. The pate was plentiful, meaty and juicy: just how it should be. For our entree, my wife ordered the chicken and I went for the short ribs. We shared a side of brussels sprouts cooked in a fish sauce, rather than the curried. WOW. Order these and do not be put off by fish sauce.The chicken was tasty, with the right amount of garlic. HOWEVER, my short ribs were out if this world. Incredible flavour, succulent, beefy, clean and probably the most amazing short ribs I've ever had. I'm not exaggerating. You will not be disappointed if you choose to eat at FnB. I will return.
5	The chicken is moist, tender, and perfectly seasoned. The pasta is cooked just right and the sauce and vegetables add the flavor and color that makes the dish POP! The falafel is crisp and delicious. The spinach salad is beyond fresh and the cheese and pita chips are the perfect compliment. There are no words for the rutabaga, simply divine. The butterscotch pudding is a must have, trust me when I say it is like nothing you have ever tasted. The owners and staff are a delight and make the experience that much better. Perhaps the best dining experience in AZ!
1	The food was horrible. Ate there for NYE and it was a huge letdown. The spaghetti squash was entirely too buttery. The service was solo very slow! Will not go back here.
5	Let me get the one negative thing for me out of the way. I like the old location better. Something about sitting up and being able to watch these amazing chefs create wonders is highly missed for me. With that said, now I can get on to all the kick ass stuff these guys are doing! FOOD GLORIOUS FOOD. With the Farm to Table concept in full gear here, this place is heaven for your sinning taste buds. The menu is constantly changing so you will be pleasantly surprised every time you visit. Chef Charleen brings it from the start to the finish. Let's start with the appetizers, order one or two of them. You'll need to wake that mouth up from your day to day grub. Entrees, um pretty much pick your favorite protein and wait to have mouth and gut karate chopped by the Chef. This place put's so much flavor into their dishes that you savor every little chew. Your mouth is almost exhausted from the additional chewing you'll do here. Check out FnB's special events as well. We did the Chinese "Pop Up" event and had an absolutely amazing meal from Chef Helen Yung from Sweet Republic. That girl can bring it when it comes to pre dessert food!Doesn't FnB stand for "F***iNg Brilliant"?!?
4	Had dinner here last night and the food was outstanding. I know that the braised leeks is the most talked about dish, but we loved the chicken. The service was great from Nathan. Would definitely go back.
5	My wife and I ate here on Thursday after the Art Walk. Everyone was very friendly and knowledgeable.  The pickled shrimp appetizer sounded really strange, but it tasted delicious.  The menu features a number of local wines that we found surprising good.FYI - They do run out of dishes here. We originally ordered a special appetizer but it was sold out. We also saw them run out of two other dishes.
5	WOW!!!! What a find! We got really lucky with this place. apparently its a local spot that is spread by word of mouth. Thankfully for yelp, we were able to find it. We arrived with a group of 8 people, 30 minutes before closing. They were beyond accommodating. The owner was very friendly and the waitstaff just as nice. They allowed us to eat on the outside tables and the service was still superb. The old fashioned and cranberry presbyterian were the best mixed drinks I've had in awhile. Upon explanation of the menu, we ordered a ton. Each dish sounded and tasted better than the last. The rigatoni with duck confit was to die for. The turnips had great flavors and were cooked to perfection. The leak dish with the egg and bread crumbs was mouth watering. There was nothing we didn't like at this place. What a treat to eat here! I would make it a point to come eat here if I am ever in the area or if I know people who will be traveling in the area, I will definitely recommend a meal here. The owner is very modest but there dishes deserve all the praise in the world. Truly an excellent meal and a fantastic dinning experience.
4	This is a nice inviting place. The setting is charming and it's a perfect date spot. Although I came here with my buddies, we didn't mind this intimate place one bit. The Pork and Duck Pate is quite amazing. Last time I had a great pate like this was in Paris so I'm glad I found this place which I'll be returning very soon again.  Servers here know their wines. I'm not a wine connoisseur by any means and although we drank beer this evening, our server did a great job in wine pairing recommendations.  If you're into Seafood, try the Santa Barbara Mussels. The sauce is terrific.
5	Let me preface my review by letting you know I had been wanting to go to FnB for quite some time.  I was finally taken there on my Birthday this last October.  First off, the service was amazing.  Pavle himself welcomed us to the restaurant and gave us an explanation of some of the items on the menu.  We tried a couple of the appetizers one being a Carrot Socca which was the hit of the night.  The menu does change seasonally so be prepared to be adventurous.  I had a pasta dish that was so good I don't think there was anything left on the plate when I was done.  The desserts were just as amazing.  I am looking forward to my next visit.
5	Went again in November for a friend's birthday. One of the owners was our waiter. The fresh fall ingredients were divine and we had a great time at a square table facing the courtyard. I remember the spaghetti squash dish as well as the owners own wine being the highlights of the meal.
5	This is one of Scottsdale's treasures.  The concept is refreshing - they incorporate fresh local ingredients as best as they can. This means that there are seasonal changes to the menu but that only gives you a reason to go back.I like to order dishes when I go out that I've never had before.  You'll find a number of odd sounding dishes here but don't be afraid to be adventurous. Who knew that I'd like braised leeks with mozzarella and a fried egg? But I do.  I doubt that you'd be disappointed in any of the appetizers but in addition to the leeks, try the pork and duck pate.At one time or another I think I've tried all of the main courses - pick whatever tickles your fancy - I don't think you can go wrong.  Save room for dessert. A personal favorite is the butterscotch pudding.You'll also find an interesting wine list here - I believe they are all from Arizona wineries - Who knew?  They're surprisingly good.One tip - This is a popular place so you should make a reservation.
4	The food is delicious, farm to fork yadda yadda, but they put way too much sauce on every dish. How do you manage to make organic vegetables an unhealthy meal?! This was especially the case with the brussel sprouts, which were absolutely drenched in sauce and it took away from it's natural wonderful flavor. Chefs, as good as the good is, go easy on the prep. The famers already did most of the work for you.
5	The best pudding I've ever had, ever. Get a lot of small plates to share. Ambiance is great and the servers are knowledgeable. Wouldn't change a thing!
5	Had the best Rob Roy of my life. Staff was wonderful and happy to engage on what we were looking to snack on. The falafel balls, deviled eggs and leek apps were all delish. Fresh bread with incredible olio nuovo tied it all together. No beers on tap but they did have wine on tap!
5	If you like great food, local ingredients, creative seasonings, this is the place for you. If you are looking for an extensive menu, this is not for you. Most kids will not find themselves happy here.
1	5 Stars? Really people, are you that shallow? I will return to any Fox restaurant any day of the week before I ever step foot at this pretentious spot. At first I couldn't tell if the waiter Pavle was charming-then I realized he was a pompous, condescending a-hole. The food was ok, not great, not awful. Never again.
5	The lamb short ribs- WOW!!!! We are sad they are only a special - we considered getting some to go. One of the best plates I've had in a while. This place continues to awe us. We love getting a handful of dishes and sharing them. FnB transforms vegetables into amazing things! And you must try the butterscotch pudding for dessert- another WOW!!! FnB is one of the best places to eat in scottsdale!
5	Vegetables get transformed into something you never thought they could be. Who knew a (Gilfeather) Rutabaga could be more delicious than a baked potato? Who knows that Meyer lemon tahini with cumin and Grapefrut makes sweet carrots delightful? The Chef at FnB Knows that Miso Butter, Almonds, and Crispy Onions makes Butternutnut Squash something special.I've been here many times and not only do I get a delicious meal but I find my dining exsperience educational too as I always learn something about vegetables I didn't know before. I learned from FnB that Harissa makes spaghetti squash something unexpected and wonderful. That Roasted till creamy and then crisped Rutabager really pops from Ginger Creme Fraiche.Food & Wine Magazine Named FnB's Braised Leeks, Mozzarella, Fried Egg & Mustard Bread Crumbs Dish Award Winning.The Chef has been nominated for a James Beard Award!The food is excellent just go and get your Veg On!
5	PDSF Review:  PARKING free central parking (shared amongst neighboring restaurants.  DECOR is clean and homely.  Small location.  Need to make reservation.  SERVICE was mediocre; I went by myself, I asked to sit at the bar; the receptionist did not inform me that a bar seat had opened up; I had to seat myself.   FOOD really, really kicked butt.  I ordered the only fish on the menu.  Note: dishes change every season, so reviews read here may be applicable for upcoming seasons.  The fish was cooked perfectly and complemented by an assortment of fresh ingredients: veggies and fruit.   I have never used the word "complex" until I tried this dish because there was no other way to describe how each bite brings out new combinations of flavor. Will absolutely consider going back.
5	Had a wonderful dinner here. Sat outside on the patio which opens up onto a quiet courtyard - very romantic. We decided to order only one entree and several starters and sides which turned out to be a nice way to try more items on the menu. Our favorites were the braised leeks and rutabaga with creme fraiche. Also ordered dessert which was incredible. Don't miss out on trying whatever they have to offer - the lemon cake we had was top notch.
3	Was hoping for more.  Service was ample though kinda felt fake all around, and while most preparations were adequate, I would not laud the kitchen by any means.
5	I went to FnB a few months back with the boyfriend after yelping places to visit while in town and finding this place had the most 5 star reviews. While we were in town they had Dave's Roast Chicken and some kind of steak, a pasta dish and a fish dish.That steak is the best steak I have ever had in my life. I was a little sad when it was all gone...I just wanted to keep it in my mouth and not swallow it. Maybe even go to sleep with it in my mouth. It was so great that I called the next day to eat there again (they were booked for 5 days in advance!! boo) or to take it to go (they laughed at me when I said I was desperate to have that again before heading back to OC). I don't remember what the Chicken tasted like but I remembered liking it a lot as well.The fish had a nice spicy sauce on top and it was also great.We did not try the pasta, didn't think it would be appropriate to fill up on carbs when there was all this yummy food to eat.They have seasonal menus which is great and the ambiance is great for dates, and to go eat with friends before a night out. They have cute drinks and tons of wine to pick from. Check out their Wine store as well!It is not a huge restaurant and it is the best so make reservations before going.
4	Delicious cheese plate, pork entree and asparagus with fried farm eggs on top. Outstanding, fresh ingredients flavorfully prepared.
3	I'm always looking for new restaurants when I'm traveling so I naturally query 'James Beard' and go from there.My search brought me to FnB and using yelp I was liking the reviews as the majority are 4 and 5 stars.I rate it 3.5Here's the deal. Everything was fine.  Service was good, atmosphere was good and the food was good but nothing was outstanding and nothing wowed us.One thing that kind of bothered me was being oversold by the server.  I'm a big eater but the amount of food we were led to order was too much.  2 starters2 veggies1 entree.1 veg would've been more than enough.    We ate a few bites out of both and took one home and left the other.The food flew out of the kitchen and IMO the pacing was too fast.   We ordered a bottle of wine and I felt like we had to chug it at the end.Two dishes we enjoyed were the asparagus, polenta and fried egg.  The other was the cauliflower with fish sauce.  They had a good flavor balance and a little pop to separate a one toned meal.  The chicken they're known for was delicious but for the price point at the end of the day it's still a chicken.What didn't work... The rutabaga dish.  It was literally a baked/ steamed rutabaga with a shit ton of creme fresh.  Overall solid food but if you're looking to be wowed with depths of flavor this may not be the place.
5	* FARM TO TABLE GEM in Downtown Scottsdale!!! *friendly staff, nice atmosphere, flavorful plates.FnB stands for Food and Beverage.  farm to table restaurant with local ingredients.  i did not take a picture of our actual menu since i figured it would be online...oops.  menu changes with what's fresh and in season. (and i left my phone in the hotel room on the charger, so i didn't take photos either that night...shame on me.) beet salad - different colors of beets, mixed greens, wheat berry, lightly dressed in a viniagretteasparagus with polenta cakes - i love polenta cakes. these were triangular in shape.cauliflower dish - this one tasted like a healthy meatball marinara dish!! IT WAS THE MOST DELICIOUS CAULIFLOWER dish i've ever had.  cauliflower, marinara sauce, fennel sausage.  there was a bit of spiciness in it. Mmm...kudos to the chef!!  she's amazing.butterscotch pudding - good balance of salty sweet flavors. butterscotch pudding topped with whipped cream and nutmegchocolate whiskey cake with ice cream - should've stopped at one dessert but decided to indulge since we were on vacay. enjoyed everything else, so figured...why not? =)  moist, round chocolate cake drizzled with a whiskey chocolate syrup. a scoop of vanilla ice cream complimented it well (though i thought the vanilla ice cream they used was too sweet)they have a simple menu. there is one for lunch (no brunch), dinner, and late night. dinner is from 5-10pm. late night is after 10 (until midnight).  for the late night menu all wine is half off.EAT, DRINK, and BE MERRY!!!
4	It's about 3.5 stars. I had REALLY high expectations about FnB and was so excited to come here, but unfortunately, it did not live up to my expectations. I think the problem is that most of the food we ordered was just OK. The wine selection is good, I ordered a glass of red and it complemented the meal :)We started with the duck eggs and olive goo. It was okay, but not amazing. Essentially, duck eggs with olive tepenade on a bed of greens. eh.We also ordered the broccoli. It was better than normal broccoli, but it wasn't amazing enough that I would go back for it again. I liked the flavor of the aioli which was special and something that you should try if you go, but don't go just for this side dish.For the main course, we got the chicken. It was fine, not great but not bad either. The food just didn't stand up to the hype...until the dessert.The special that night was cornbread with whipped cream, ice cream, and strawberries. This. Was. DELICIOUS. I would go ONLY for dessert here. They really know their sweets. Do NOT skip out on dessert if you come here!The service was great and I really enjoyed the waiters which is why they get the bump to 4 stars.
5	From the extremely nice hostess and waiter, who I imagine are owners as well, to the great ambiance and even better food I can't he'll but give this restaurant a 5! Definitely recommend!
5	Incredible. One of the best dinners I have ever had. Great service and atmosphere. Everything on the menu is delicious. This is a MUST try place.
5	Perfection.  Not too fancy and not too simple. Great service and execution of food for the price you pay.
4	Nice and cozy and old looking setting. Great place for a friendly gathering or taking a foody date. really like the small outside setting, if you can secure one.I loved the wine and menu presentation. Good and interesting beer selection and very friendly staff. The menu is full of complex and complicated dishes but try anything and you are in for a surprise. Most dishes are on the heavy side so feel free to share.
5	Do you like amazing food? Do you like to be surprised? Do you like to eat healthy? I'm from San Francisco. We have some pretty great food... But I have to say, I was surprised here. Not pleasantly surprised. Amazingly, creatively, crazily surprised! This place mixes great taste, health food and a wide variety of surprises that make life worth living. I highly recommend it and you won't be disappointed. Unless you only like steakhouses and don't eat your veggies.
2	When I knew that I was coming to Scottsdale to attend an event, I started looking up places that I should try and this one came with the best reviews. We called to make a reservation the evening that we were going, and they told us that they would call us back with a time. Sure enough, in five minutes we received a call that there was a spot open for that evening.  We were seat and greeting within a couple of minutes of arriving by Nathan. About 15 minutes into our dining experience there were a group of intoxicated girls that sat at the table next to us and were very loud. There were 3 of us that were in our party and we ordered the lamb, fish, and pasta. We all shared the grilled broccoli. I enjoy the braised lamb with the rice. The broccoli has nice flavor to it and would recommend to anyone that eats here. For dessert, we had the chocolate cake which was a nice finish to a good meal. I would give the food 4 stars.As we were brought our dessert, I asked the women that brought it out if there was some way that the girls that were still next could quiet down. They were loud and the service staff saw playing into them causing them to be louder. She went and told our server and he did nothing about. I never heard from from anyone in the restaurant. For this reason, I give them 0 stars on the service side of the meal.I feel that this could have been a good meal if it wasn't for the drunk girls next to us.
5	There truly aren't many places like FNB.  Never have I had such quality and amazing food. Everything I have had there has mind bogglingly good. Charlene makes salads with such great and diverse ingredients that go so well together that I just sit there looking at them wondering how she comes up with such magic. My daughter and my mother as well are floored by every meal we have experienced there.  It is truly a joy to eat there. Pavle is also a wonderful host and all the servers we have come in contact with there are wonderful as well. Maryanne in the bodega too can give you tips to all the best items.  What a joy!
5	Just happened upon this place after shopping.  What a little gem this place is.   While the menu offering is small, the food is fresh,  tasty and healthy too!  It was exactly what we were looking for.  Simply DELICIOUS.
5	Another great evening at FnB--We started out with the snap peas, potatoes and lamb meatballs and then went on to pasta with Italian bacon, roasted chicken and pork roast--Dessert was peach cake and chocolate cake that was wonderfuleverything had such rich flavor and flavors were so complementary.  One thing--as much as I like supporting Arizona Wines--thank you for expanding the wine list--and the price point--for wine--it is the icing on the cake--that dinner that is so sublime is more easily afforded.
5	Hands down one of the best meals I have ever had my in entire life.   Seriously.   This place is off the hook.  We started with a fresh mozzarella with diced olives, cilantro and green grapes, and a carrot vegetable patty(crab cake style) that I could honestly eat at every meal.   Then I had a salmon that was so fresh and delicious I didn't want it to stop, our waiter, who was amazing,  had literally fished it himself.   Desserts were incredible, rich butterscotch pudding and a strawberry sweet cornbread with ice cream, like a strawberry shortcake.  If you are around Scottsdale, it's a must.
4	Amazing food!  Amazing service!  Only drawback is the place is quite small.  However, the quality of the food and the service more than makes up for the size... What a gem!
5	A business school professor often spoke about "running the room." Pavle, as yelpers commented, runs the room. Of subtle wit, he is entertaining and informative at the same time.After a small stumble with a server about where I could sit, I chose the outdoor patio. (This review is for a visit in February.) It was pleasant to sit outdoors after escaping San Francisco's cold rain for Giants Spring Training in Scottsdale. Go Giants!A  friend advised me to visit FnB due to my being a vegetarian, and FnB delivered. I wanted to order everything on the menu that was vegetarian, and asked Pavle to decide for me. After good bread served with fruity olive oil, I ate Tuscan Kale Falafel with a tzatziki style spicy sauce. Who needs kale salad after this delicious appetizer? Next was a beautiful, refreshing salad, with just-picked tasting ingredients. Salad as art. I loved the green apples in combination with cucumbers. Meat eaters could be happy with the vegetables as entrees. Pavle chose butternut squash, whose sweetness was highlighted by the miso butter and almonds. Flash-fried cauliflower with lemon-caper yogurt and purple sumac were equally good. The Chef creates innovative flavor combinations. The portions are large, so I took food home for the next day's lunch. Tip: try the famous butterscotch pudding. I will next time. The lady food runner was very pleasant. Don't forget to check out their cute store of local products. Great experience and great food!
4	I came here for lunch with w friend who said her husband doesn't like to eat here... But she loves it! The homey spot has beautiful details to make you feel at home.  The lunch menu had maybe 6 thing so my friend picked the veg, salad, and sandwich.  Sounds basic enough...I was over the moon about the margarita which i had really been craving that day.  Since they only have 2 cocktails listed on the lunch menu I was grateful for the "simple" margarita with lime and agave.  My friend got the other option-a bubbly drink with aperol.  We were both happy with our drinks... Straightforward and not shy on punch.The salad came out first which was greenery with fresh tomatoes, figs, and blue cheese.  This salad tasted earthy and farm-y with the subtle figs forcing us to discuss how fig jam is too overkill sweet.  How do these subtle fruits transform sweeter than honey?Turns out the veg is a zucchini with roasted tomato and black tahini.  Really amazing flavors that enhance the dark roasted tomato and crisp zucchini. My friend loved it but I didn't love it... The tahini reminds me if mud or dirt especially next to such fresh produce.The sandwich was really delicious with a million genius things I don't even want to go into detail.  Sort of a lavosh wrap served open faced with crispy eggplant, hard boiled egg, Harissa... Really generously enjoyable and surprising with each bite.
5	Excellent atmosphere and food. I know I've brought my wife to the right spot when she doesn't say much other than ranting about every bite!  The homemade butter was crazy good!
5	We were so excited to try FnB. We had a fantastic business dinner here, and reserved this place based on recommendations from friends.  We weren't disappointed.The appetizer salad we had was a combination of  watermelon, cucumbers, pine nuts, corn nuts, feta, cilantro, with a very light vinagrette. It sounded bizarre, but it totally worked.The lamb manti, though, was transcending. All I can say is that it's over the moon fantastic. We all loved it. Imagine small little lamb packets topped with a light cream, and sprinkled with pomegranate seeds. Amazing. I had the pasta with heirloom tomatoes, and wow, the pasta was done right. The tomatoes were also divine, super sweet, and full of flavor. Amazing olive oil as well, I could have had a few more bites of just the oil and bread. Or twenty.My husband had the hailbut, and it was perfection. Perfectly well cooked without being dry. The only thing I would have liked more was....more.The wait staff was top notch, highly professional and very courteous. This is always a test for me. I loved each of their manners.Can't wait to go back to this wonderful gastro pub!
5	I want to see a Chef Badman and Chef Ottolenghi veggie throw down. I Just ate at one of his London restaurants and tried his signature grilled eggplant dish. Badman wins with her version of this savory, smoky and sweet delight topped with parsley, tomato and crispy wheat berries (fried--yay!) and dollops of tangy goat cheese. No meat eater would turn this down.The rock shrimp with tagliatelli and zucchini blossoms had everyone guessing at a unique herb pairing. The corn fritters will sadly disappear after summer's over, so here's hoping for a long summer. I hope the desserts of peach pie, ginger ice cream, corn cake w/ blueberries, chocolate w/ espresso gelato hang around a while. Service rocked as usual. I haven't written a restaurant review before, but since my friends and I keep talking about this meal, I thought I should share!
5	Great experience at this restaurant. You have to be open to new dishes and willing to try different flavors of foods. The menu was interesting and simple. I wish they had more items on their menu though. This place is definitely not good for kids because they probably would not enjoy the food. It is very pricey here so you would not want a big party - main courses are 25-28$. I would go back pretty often but only on special occasions realistically. Couldn't afford these prices haha. Overall it was an unexpectedly good experience to try unique combinations of foods.
4	This is a really fabulous foodie find in Scottsdale.  It reminded me of the hyper-local cuisine in Seattle -- not your typical Phoenix restaurant for sure.  Everything is uber fresh, local, and flavorful.  We mostly tried specials and each one was delicious.  We had a fresh butter lettuce salad with radishes and jalapeno, Peruvian spring rolls, and duck empanadas.  The butterscotch pudding was to die for.  Even the wine list is hyper local (I didn't even know they had wines in Arizona). While the server was kind enough to let us try some of the local wines, we opted for a California blend instead.  Service was attentive, knowledgeable, and low key.  Ambience is a bit loud, very focused on the food and not much else.  But that's the way it should be at a place like this.Would definitely return the next time in the area to make my way through more of the menu!
4	Visiting Scottsdale from Sonoma County and lucked into FnB. We asked the informative and very funny Pavle to order for us as we're vegan. Dinner was amazing and varied. Fresh ingredients, innovatively prepared, and expertly presented by attentive and polite staff.
4	The menu changes everyday, which makes it tough when you find something you like! We had a liver and heart pate (Tasty, it reminded me of Liverwurst) For dinner I had the 1/2 Chicken (Great), it came with a spaetzle and mushroom side (Great!)
5	If you're coming here in a group, follow this advice:Order as many dishes your mouths can handle. I am stunned by how exquisite the dining culture is in Arizona. I can at times be a Bay Area food snob but this place really blew my mind away.As soon as my colleagues and I walked in, we were pleasantly surprised with an intimately set up table for three and was introduced to a knowledgeable professional server. I hate that I never got her name! Don't be afraid to ask what some of the funky sounding ingredients are; the waiter will guide you through the menu. My colleagues and I ended up choosing about 4 of the smaller appetizers- oh the wonton, yuzu salmon dish was heavenly. And please try out the eggplant dish too! This would be an ideal place if you:1) Care about what goes in your body; health conscious yet still a big foodie2) Love vegetables 3) And desserts (how can you not?)4) Prefer an Intimate, quiet ambiance 5) Look forward to Farm to Table, beautifully concocted and creative dishes As a side note:Our server had to move my group to a table a foot way because a group of 8 was congregating at 10pm. To thank us for our "move," our lovely server treated us with THREE DESSERTS. WHAT. I know...If it's your first time in Phoenix, please stop by this place. I promise you won't regret it!
2	Some really outstanding flavors and experimental cuisine here. The menu changes frequently so don't bother trying to look at the one on their site. That part is a bit frustrating.Keep in mind entrees for dinner run $25-35 but the appetizers are all in the $12-15 range. We tend to just order the apps and get a few of them. They are usually quite excellent and they do great things with veggies and creams.The only downside for us is the unnecessarily pretentious Tattoos man that waits on everyone. Every question you ask him, you will be made to feel like an idiot. He truly thinks you should just shut up and order. I believe his name was Pavle.I'd probably give this place more stars but the entire table agreed we just weren't liking the main persons attitude so they can take our 2 stars and our $200 and suck it. Suck it hard. Maybe if they get rid of Mr Knowitall we will be back.
2	I was stoked to find a highly rated Farm to Table restaurant to enjoy during our brief stay in the area, and even chose lodging to be within walking distance of FnB.  I apparently have a very different ideal, based on quite enjoyable meals at the Nest in Portland, Art of the Table in Seattle, the Chicken and the Egg in Atlanta, Allim in Great Barrington, which I've reviewed as well as number of other dining establishments all the way to the iconic Chez Panisse  in Berkeley.  I'm a Farmer's Market, Farm to Table cook who prefers chickens from my local small farmer butchered the previous day and greens picked from my garden in time for dinner, tomatoes that haven't had the flavor dulled by refrigeration.A previous reviewer described FnB as follows:This would be an ideal place if you:1) Care about what goes in your body; health conscious yet still a big foodie2) Love vegetables3) And desserts (how can you not?)4) Prefer an Intimate, quiet ambiance5) Look forward to Farm to Table, beautifully concocted and creative dishes To this I would say:1) I care about what I eat and enjoy good ingredients well prepared.2) I  rate restaurants on how well they prepare vegetables more than what they do with the protein entree.   I was a vegetable breeder and know how good they can be when bred for eating rather than long haul transportation and processing.3) Desserts?  It seems rather counter to caring about what goes in your body to dump sugar into it, but heh, if it floats your boat, why ever not?4) I greatly prefer an intimate quiet ambiance, not the loud cacophony of high ceilings with nothing to break up the sound and the room crowded with people trying to be heard.  We couldn't hear each other, let alone the wait staff. 5) The dishes were indeed creative, and beautifully concocted.  The food quality going into the dishes was less than expected, vegetables included.  The steak was nothing like our usual grass finished dry aged  beef and the chicken was tough and lacked the distinct chicken flavor of our local pastured fryers.  I'm not sure where the Farms are that FnB sources  for their Table.  I certainly haven't seen any driving into the Phoenix area. Perhaps they are doing the best they can with what they can source in the desert.The lager was sweet and the by the glass wine selection is  limited to AZ and NM wines, which I find too sweet to drink.  I can understand that they are catering to local tastes, but FnB does not compare favorably with Farm to Table restaurants elsewhere.
3	First and foremost - the food was delicious... very good and creative dishes that are well planned and perfectly portioned.   Chef did a great job! BUT... as important as the food is - the service has to match especially for an expensive restaurant like this.  Our server was terrible... he was inattentive - did not check back in with us, did not fill up our glasses of wine, gave a nasty look to our guest who changed their order less than 30 seconds after ordering, forgot to put part of our order in, and never once asked how the food was.  There are lots of great restaurants in Scottsdale... and all of them have better service.  Hopefully they can get their act together since their restaurant is hard to find as it is buried in the back of a small building and they probably rely a lot upon word of mouth.
4	Stopped in late Sunday night for dinner while in Scottsdale. Great local farm 2 table spot. Staff was great and had some great reco's on drinks / wine / beer.  Star of our meal was the butterscotch pudding!!! Light whipped cream on top pairs incredibly well with the best pudding I have ever tasted. Bill Cosby would be proud of this puddin.
4	If you are looking for a pleasant and refreshing dining experience in Scottsdale, go no further than FnB. It's classy with a diverse menu and an enjoyable patio. Tucked away on east 5th, you will find a wonderful respite from other busy restaurants. It's connected to a market and offers an extensive wine selection and great dishes featuring seasonal produce. The wait staff is very helpful and personable and its evident that they value service. After enjoying some complimentary fresh bread (delicious!), I dived into a bowlful of shishito peppers with crema and some grilled okra with hazelnuts. The okra was amazing! The hazelnuts added a touch of crunch and sweetness and the okra was perfectly charred. FnB certainly knows how to provide a great evening.
5	Best meal i had in a long long time .. Not just your average american style restaurant .. But genuine good food
5	Tucked  away in a courtyard.Amazing food, great atmosphere, totally didn't expect it. Waiter cute and sexy. Overall a great experience.
5	I rarely give out five stars, but FnB deserves it.  Each plate we ordered made us wonder why we hadn't tasted dishes like these before, and got me to try to recreate some of them at home.  Think clever use of ingredients and each dish had great depth.  We ordered the roasted cauliflower hummus starter dish, followed by the roasted chicken with spaetzle and crimini mushrooms, followed by the brussel sprout.  The roasted cauliflower with pine nuts, dill, raisins, etc on top of the hummus was the perfect appetizer and the brusselsprout in coconut milk-based sauce had great balance of flavors and wasn't like your typical over-buttered brusselsprout at many establishments.I can't recall the last time I had roasted chicken that not only had great flavors (they added herbs underneath the skin it seems) but was also quite moist and tender.  Wished we had room for dessert, but will def come back here again next time we're in town.
5	One of my favorite dining experiences of the past year!Pavle, the owner and host / sommelier, made it a truly memorable and delightful experience for us "out of towners" (visiting from Los Angeles).  We walked in on a Saturday night at prime dinner hour and all that was available was a seat at the patio. It was lovely and warm night -- and much more intimate and romantic out front -- plus we got lots of staff attention, and got to discuss the menu and the wines with Pavle at length. I'm a foodie slash "wino" so I rally enjoyed getting to talk about what we were eating/drinking. We tried a few local wines, including "Hannah's Blend" red (named for Pavle's daughter Hannah, who also moonlights as the assistant Maitre D!). The wine was so delicious we got a bottle to take home!  In retrospect I wish we had bought a case!  Thanks to Pavle, and the whole staff at FnB for giving us a delightful last night of a long trip cross country. Ps: TRY the spring rolls, the falafel and the CHICKEN!!! And of course -- get out of your comfort zone and try some of that tasty AZ wine!
5	Why can't this be right around the corner from my house? Makes me want to move to old town Scottsdale. Delicious ingredients, creative combinations, and super fresh food. Always a treat.
4	The food at FnB is nothing short of excellent! Went with a large group and ordered almost the entire menu to share. Everyone in our party was raving about one Item or another. I'm not a fan of okra but I must admit their preperation was pretty delicious.    Had our server been a touch more attentive and slightly less condescending I would have given 5 stars. But it was nothing that would prevent me from recommending FnB or returning when I'm in the area
5	FnB is amazingly executed and has an interesting seasonal menu. Really fantastic food for the Scottsdale area. Try everything and go back often!
3	Maybe my expectations were too high...  We tried 3 appetizers, 1 entree and 2 sides.  They were all creative and interesting but there was too much going on and I did not appreciate the local produces or any ingredients. The food tends to be a bit greasy/rich for my taste. We also tried the red AZ wines by the glass. I appreciate any restaurants that support the local wines but one of them tasted like kosher wine. I did not understand $11 or $12 price point for that quality. The service however was very good.
5	The menu is super creative, bordering bizarre, but without trying too hard. We enjoyed everything, from the local NM and AZ wine by the glass, to the beets, roasted squash and chicken. The decor is welcoming and romantic. Highly recommend a reservation.
1	Wow, all the hoopla about this place. We made reservations to give it a try! What a disappointment! First of all the place is too small ! The metal chairs are made for either skinny people or children and very uncomfortable! The bread was cold. We had the rib eye. It had no seasoning at all .The potatoes were cooked before hand and reheated.Then we had the pudding everyone was raving about ! It was nothing special. After all that, it was way too expensive. I cook better steak at home, which is what i will be doing today!!!!!!!!!
5	Love love love this place! It is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. Charleen amazes me every time I eat there. She is so talented. The service is always great, Pavle and Chantelle are amazing!
