4	Yummy! I just had lunch here with two dining companions. They each ordered a Big Willy. I ordered the pierogi's (only available on Wed, Sat & Sun) with sauerkraut. It took a little time to get the food, but we just walked around the mall until it was ready. They had football on TV (too bad this is a Steelers joint). They were out of the natural casing hot dogs, which was a bummer, but the owner was really cool about it. The pierogi's were outstanding. They came with 6 on the plate and covered with sauteed onions and my requested kraut. The hot dogs were huge and looked really good. I will absolutely be back!!
4	Buddy said "lunch" and "hotdogs" and I was like oh yeah... He heard of this little place in an antique mall?   Okay I'm down for new things.... It's seriously in an antique store... like old furniture and stuff...  He's got his own little section in and to the left with a heavily decorated front wall showing Pittsburgh Steelers and Penguins stuff all over the place... The guy was super friendly and nice, very welcoming and cool to talk to... even talked to him about how he ended up in an antique shop...  FYI:  CASH ONLY!  I dislike cash only places but the little shops I don't mind so much.My choice was the Blitzburgh - he only makes it on Wed Sat & Sunday's so heads up there.  It's 6 potato & cheese filled pierogies smothered in butter and onions, then topped with sauerkraut, homemade chili, cheddar cheese, & a mild or spicy Kielbasa.   HEEELLLL YEEEAAAHHH!  So much food... soo good...  I've never really had that kind of food before... so into it So I'll be back... I'm spreading the word... he's got some hot dogs for like $3 so I may try a couple of those next time in...
5	Five stars for being the best hot dog I ever had, even if it was a weird variation on one.  Our experience here was a little bit frustrating to say the least.  However, the experience was in no way through fault of Pittsburgh Willy's.  Apparently the antique market does a giant flea market out front every now and then, and it just so happened that when we went, it was the day.  Parking was impossible and the crowds were ridiculous.  For that reason, Pittsburgh Willy's was only serving hot dogs, stuff they could pump out quickly.  I suppose that's reasonable.  I can't really blame them.  I ordered the Chicken Willy which was a blend of chicken and spinach along with some spices and asiago cheese.  It was really really tasty and extremely juicy.  It had great bursts of spices that kept things interesting despite the fact that I didn't get any toppings on mine.  The owner came out and chatted with us for a good while and he is a genuinely nice guy.  It seems as though they will be expanding in the near future so keep an eye out.  Also, be sure to bring cash with you.  They don't have a POS machine yet.
4	Well this was an experience that was a long time coming.  My family is from Pittsburgh and as soon as I heard about this place, I knew we'd be making a visit.  That visit was, unfortunately, on the same day as the flea market that sets up outside of the antique mall that Willy's is in.  After 10 minutes of driving around trying to find a place to park, we got in.  There wasn't much of a line and we were able to order quickly.  Now, I'm not one to tell you how your food is made but when you say "all we can do is hot dogs right now" in response to my mother's request for a chipped ham slider - I'm not going to be upset.  But then, when you tell her that she can get the hot dog that comes with chipped ham, I start to get confused.  So I order my Genoa-style Big Willy and the counter girl tells me that I need to pay with my card up at the mall checkout.  I'm okay with that.  You don't have a POS or ATM so whatever works.  My bad for not having cash.  After waiting 20 minutes in the checkout line to pay for my food, I made it back to my table just before my hot dog got cold.The hot dog was excellent.  It really was premium.  The toppings were great.  This is a must-do if you are in this part of town.So while the POS snafu wasn't their fault, it would be nice if they had their own system.  It would also be nice if they had an option with fries on it.  I want a Primanti's and I don't understand why I can't get one at a place called Pittsburgh Willy's.  So if this place adds those two things, it becomes a 5-star for me.  Until then, I'll still go back, and love every minute, but it won't be complete.
5	You know how it is, when you want a hot dog, you want a hot dog!  Well, this is the place to go if you are in that kind of mood because this place is exceptional and for such a small place they have a large variety; a little bit of this and a lot of that. The only trouble with this place is trying to figure out what to get because it is impossible when they all sound so good! Maybe take a group of friends and buy an assortment and share family style. Not only are the dogs great, the BIG DOG himself (Mr. Willy) is pretty good too!  Give it a try, you won't be disappointed, I guarantee it!
5	Awesome place!! Very friendly people. You will love these hot dogs hit the spot.
5	Best hot dog I've had in the states. Willy was incredibly nice, gave us a bowl of free chili, chatted with us, and showed us his steeler tattoo.Not to mention it's located in one of the best antique markets I've ever been to.
5	Great place to go if you want a hot dog, and a cool place to check out little knick knacks afterward.
5	It's not just that the food is awesome... it's the fact that I feel good eating it - he's a nice guy who loves making this food and I enjoy spending my money here.  nuff saidI was at a wine tasting thing with the girl... and the only thing that made me not hate that whole place was the fact that I found a few beers, but most of all that Pittsburgh Willy had his cart there cookin some MEAT... All beef Chili dog... x2... all I'm sayin.   This guys food is soo good - and again I got to talk to him a little bit and another guy (his dad maybe??) and the inviting smile and open conversation with him just made me love his food and his place that much more.
5	Yum yum yum yum yum.  5 yummy stars.  I'd had their dogs before at a function at my son's school (very excellent).  Randy and his wife happen to be my neighbors (lucky me!!!!!).  After reading about the pulled pork special, I had to go give it a try so I ventured over to Market Square (never been before, nifty place!).  It was delish!  Pork was not oversauced, just right.  It was very tasty and tender, and the cole slaw was a crunchy, tangy topping.  The bun was very fresh and soft.  The added bonus, I got to sit with Randy and chat for a while - he got up and helped customers every few minutes and I got to enjoy an episode of Andy Griffith on the TV in his dining area.Can't wait to go back and try the pierogies and the meatball sammich.  Desserts look pretty tempting as well.  Highly recommend!
5	Great experience!  Great tasting food and wonderful service...and then you get to shop antiques afterward.Very small place, but Randy was very organized and knowledgeable about his menu.  My husband had the chili dog and although i LOVE hotdogs, I opted for the BBQ pulled pork.  It came with a pile of delicious cole slaw on it.Prices are very reasonable.  Limited menu.  Drinks were "help yourself in the cooler".  We will be back to try other items on his menu.
5	I've been trying to make it here for a couple weeks now, and just managed to make it there today. Let me just start off by saying, if you want a REAL hot dog, this is definitely the place to be. When you come down Arizona Ave., you will see a "Gourmet Hot Dogs" sign a little south of Warner Rd. As you pull into the parking lot, don't be deterred when you notice the only thing there is an Antiques store. Pittsburgh Willy's is tucked into a little corner of the store (to the left when you walk in the front entrance). It is a small stand with a few tables nearby and Randy "Pittsburgh Willy" Walters, himself, behind the counter. This guy knows his hot dogs and is one of the friendliest people around. He makes conversation with everyone and provides one of the most relaxed, comfortable atmospheres you could imagine. I ordered the Freddie G., The Arizonan, and the Chili n' Cheese. And yes, I finished all three. All of the hot dogs were fantastic, with the delicious, all beef, 1/4 dogs. For a list of all the ingredients in each, see his website. The Arizonan is definitely one of the unique ones he has. The peppered bacon with some chilis provides a perfect contrast with the creamy, fresh guacamole for that fantastically unique taste. My favorite was definitely the Freddie G., the crunchy, french-fried onions, combined with what is probably the best Barbeque Sauce I have ever tasted (F.Y.I., this dog is named after the Barbeque sauce used). The sauce wasn't too strong, and was a perfect compliment to the all-beef dogs from cloud 9. The Chili n' Cheese can be ordered two ways; neat or sloppy. I ordered neat because he said the sloppy was much larger (more chili) and it was my third dog for the meal. After the dogs, my friend and I split the "Ice-cream Sammich' Sundae". The sunday was HUGE. I would recommend bringing a friend if you want to try it, as even Randy recommended we split one. The Sunday has an ice cream sandwich on the bottom, topped with peanuts, bananas, chocolate sauce, a large scoop of ice cream, and whipped cream. That was a delicious way to end the meal, with all of the ingredients working together in harmony, just as they did in the hot dogs.To sum up, I will definitely be back here. I would say that the food was well worth the money, but that would be a lie, because it is worth FAR MORE (Don't tell Randy). I challenge you to try to find a better hot dog, and caution you to not hold your breath, because I have been searching for dogs like this for a long time. On a side note, I cannot wait to come back on a Wednesday for the Pierogies.
4	I never would have heard about this place if it wasn't for Gary W. And I'm glad he introduced me! Being that this isn't normally a gluten free type of business I went BYOB - bring your own (glutenfree) bread. Willy was more than accommodating when it came to working around my dietary issues and just a nice guy to boot. I ordered a chicken sausage hot dog and he made me up a toasted sandwich with gobs of fresh toppings which included tomatoes, lettuce, guacamole, and a bunch of other stuff that just tasted damn good. I suggested he name it the "gluten free Jessicawich" since having your own sandwich is what all the cool kids are getting these days. We'll have to wait and see if the name sticks. ;)If you do plan to eat gluten free here you have to bring your own bread or bun. Or you could just go with a naked Willy.
5	This is the best chili dog I've ever eaten in Phoenix. FYI it is inside an Antique Shop but it is definitely worth checking out. And yes, Pittsburgh Willy is a hardcore Steelers fan and he has a bunch of Steelers swag.
5	Location:As other posters have said, this place is inside an antique store. It is on the East side of Arizona and just South of the BMW motorcycle dealership and you will see a "Gourmet Hot Dogs" sign outside.Hours:Make sure you check the hours before you head there. My friend and I got lucky as Wednesday is his extended hours day. The hours (at the time of this review) are.Mon/Tues/Thurs/Fri: 11:00-15:00Wed: 11:00-19:30Sat: 11:00-16:00Sun: 12:00-16:00The food:Good dogs? No. Awesome dogs? Yes. Since a friend and I had never been there Willy told us all about all his dogs and we obviously couldn't decide. So what did Willy do? He gave us the chili dog and gave us each half of another dog for free so we could sample that. Who the the heck gives you and your friend a whole hot dog for free these days? NOBODY! But he did! I was impressed. I also got a cold Pepsi in a glass bottle and my total only came out to $6 and some change. I'd call that a pretty **** good deal.I also got the Willy Sundae and holy cow, you better be hungry!Payment:Willy only takes cash at his register so bring cash. However, if you insist on paying by credit card then Willy will give you a ticket to take up to the front counter and you can pay there. You will be charged an extra service fee for the trouble though.Willy:Yes, many places come by and ask how your food was and then walk away. But what I am talking about is actually coming out and TALKING to you. NOBODY! But Willy did. I thought that this was awesome. He could have easily just stayed in his kitchen or gone home but he came out and sat with us like a friend. Willy is truly one that cares about his customers and if for nothing else, his customer service should make you want to come back!Other:I made this account specifically so that I could rate Willy's hot dog joint. It is that good. If you don't believe me, then look at the other reviews. And if you don't believe them, then go look at the award he won. This is impressive because Willy has only been around for 17 months. This is definitely a place I will bring any guests from out of town to!Website:http://www.pittsburghwillys.com/pittsburgwillysmenu.pdf
3	Got together with Lynn W., daughter Claire, & Robyn N. today to give this place a try.  It's tucked inside a big antique store, & features a few tables in kind of a patio setting.  I ordered a "3-Legged Chili 'N' Cheese Hot Dog" ($5.95).  This one is almost 1/2 lb., & it's sliced & layered with a sesame bun & topped with chili & cheese.  I also had a side of potato salad to go with it.  Both were good, & host Randy is extra warm & friendly!
5	This is a dive in the very best sense of the word.  Guy Fieri needs to come here!  This fine establishment is located inside the Antiques Mall.  Walk in and go to your left.  My sense of direction is not so hot and I started out thinking this was somewhere near downtown Chandler but it's closer to Warner on Arizona Ave.  I finally made it and Rand H. and Robyn N. were patiently waiting for me and my daughter.  Randy, the proprietor of this fine establishment was sitting at the table and greeted us warmly.  It just so happend that Sonoran Living had been in to do a piece on Randy and we anxiously waited to see it.  As soon as the piece was over, the phone started ringing, no joke!  All three of the adults had the "3-Legged Chile N Cheese Hot Dog" and it was very filling and very good!!  My daughter had a Lil' Willy and scarfed it down in two minutes flat with a big thumbs up!  There were a couple of tables to sit and eat and Randy took our orders and we got our drinks and sat and chatted for a few minutes.  And if you are a Pittsburg fan, this is the place for you!  Randy is so warm and welcoming.  He is an excellent host and clearly loves what he does.  This is the kind of place that you want to come back to over and over again simply because the owner puts his best foot forward and does all he can for his patrons.  And when I went to pay the bill I even got a hug!  Now that is service!  My daughter's favorite food is a hot dog so we will be frequenting Pittsburgh Willy's.  I hope Randy doesn't get sick of us. :)
4	What a fun place!  Fortunately I knew it was IN the Antiques Marketplace because I read all the reviews last night.  As soon as you walk into the Marketplace, you can smell the hot dogs cooking!  Walk towards the left, pass by aisles of "antiques", and once you see all the Pittsburgh sports stuff and a few tables, you've found Pittsburgh Willies.Rand and I had a seat while we were waiting for Lynn and Claire and met Randy the owner.  Very friendly and a gracious host.  Being from Chicago and growing up on Chicago style hot dogs, I was a little unsure about some of the weird combinations on the menu, so I played it safe and went with the 3 Legged Chili and Cheese - almost 1/2 lb of Big Willy sliced in 3 - over a split sesame bun and covered in chili with big pieces of beef and lots of cheese!  Yum!  The hot dog was good quality and the chili was better than I expected.  Had a side of potato salad that was pretty good also.  They have a refrigerator case for your drinks, cans of soda are only $1.  They also had glass bottles of Coke and Pepsi.On Wed they have homemade potato and cheese pierogis and Randy said to call ahead if you're not coming until the evening because they almost always run out before they close at 7pm.  Take a stroll through the Antiques Marketplace after lunch.  They said it's the largest one in Arizona!
5	I seldom write an update the day after I've been somewhere but today was Peroghi Wednesday at Pittsburg Willies.  WOW!  and YUM!  And you are wondering why I went back two days in a row?  I asked my daughter what she wanted for lunch today and she replied "a hot dog from Pittsburg Willies"   How could I argue with that?
5	I drive by this antique store everyday on my way home from work.  After reading the reviews, I decided to take my wife and kid to try it out.  It was amazing!  I got the Arizonan and the Chili dog.  Both were excellent and was sad I couldn't finish it because I was so full.  But, I took it home and the owner even gave me some extra chili in there.  We have issues getting my 14 month old to eat sometimes, but he scarfed down most of his lil' willy.  My wife thought hers was excellent too.  She said it's one of the best hot dogs she's had, and she's from Chicago.  I definitely recommend this place.  The owner even came out and talked to us a little and made sure everything we had was perfect.  I will definitely be going here again.
5	Had my first Pittsburgh Willy's hotdog today... It was delicious!!! My boyfriend and I decided to go there for perogies, we didn't realize they only do them on Wednesdays now:( the owner was really nice and he actually offered to make them for us! Since it was my first time we decided to try out the dogs. I had the chili dog it was a huge hot dog cut in half on a bun covered with chili and cheese. My bf had the wild willy he was also pleased with his selection... However he did not offer me a bite! The place was really small but the atmosphere was great! Every square inch covered in steelers or steel town memorabilia!
3	I hate giving this place only three stars. I wanted very badly to LOVE it, but I came to my decision of three based on the pierogies (earning 2 stars) and the barbecued chipped ham (earning 4 stars).  Service-wise the owner is extremely friendly (5 stars) but my order took FOREVER (1 star). When I was little girl, a church in downtown Pittsburgh would have a Polish festival every year, and they would have little old Polish ladies make the pierogies. My dad would always bring home a boatload of them, and WOW were they delicious... thin dough, fat with potato stuffing, and DRIPPING with butter. The pierogies @ Willies looked more like raviolis to me, with very little stuffing and a whole lotta dough. Just not my cup of pierogie tea. However, they did have bbq chipped ham, which I haven't had since a kid. Most people haven't even heard of chipped ham, but I remember eating it when I was little. I got two orders of the sliders and they really were delicious... super salty, a little sweet and tangy. Just like when I was a kid and my parents didn't know any better. The guy that runs the place is SUPER nice and we talked Pittsburgh for a while. TONS of Steelers & Pittsburgh memorabilia. He was running the stand on his own that day and he was busy, so it took a LONG time for him to get my order out.  Luckily the hot dog stand is housed within a giant antique store, so I was happy to look around until my order was up.  But had I just had to stand there and wait, I probably would have turned into one bitchy pregnant girl.Overall, I'm glad I tried it, but since it's about 20 minutes away from home, I don' think I'll be a frequent customer... but maybe if we're in the neighborhood sometime and I'm craving some barbecued chipped ham.
5	So good!  If you're a true fan of Hot Dogs you have to come and try this place.  Love the location...great family place...love the owner...love the food...in fact my mouth is watering as I think about how delicious it was.  I recommend him to anyone that mentions they like hot dogs and tell people that say they don't like hot dogs to visit his place.  Sorry about the Steelers though. :)
4	Very good. I highly recommend the Kielbasa dog with jalapenos and sauerkraut! The service is excellent, too. Kind of different that it's inside the antique store.
4	The hot dogs are really amazing! At first my friend and I were surprise to find a great hot dog place in an antique store but regardless where it is it has great food and great service. You have to try it!
5	THE BEST hot dogs I have ever eaten. The Wild Willy w/ peppered bacon is BOMB DOT COM. I want to try everything but when I get there I just want to have the Wild Willy. Randy (the owner) is one of the nicest guys you will ever meet. Talk to him and you will find that out yourself. Wonderful food, even better man that cooks it for you. Really really suggest you try this place out if you've never had it. Like you probably see in other reviews this place is actually inside of an antique store. So don't drive past it! Make sure to go in and get a hot dog and then check out all the neat things inside.
4	The owner alone makes me want to come back...He is the nicest guy ever!!! This place is hard to find if you're not familiar with it....It's 1 block South of Alma School in the huge Antique store!!! Super cute!!! I LOVE the Wild Willy. It's just buttery enough, the hotdog is so thick and tender, and the cheesy ham just completes it!! It's a must try!!! I tried the pierogies and i was not too impressed....But the dogs keep making me want to come back for more!!! I wish the hours were better, but i am sure it is due to the Antique shop it is located in.....It takes about 8 min for your order to be complete, but the store has so many cute gadgets to keep you occupied!!! LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
5	People who give poor ratings based on their one visit isn't fair.I come here with my boyfriend and his brother on a weekly basis not only because the food is nothing less than amazing; but because the owner is the nicest guy with the best customer service skills which you do not always receive at every establishment you walk into. Randy always makes sure the food is prepared to your liking and a word of caution his food comes out HOT so give it a couple minutes to cool down; otherwise the roof of your mouth will be burnt from not waiting long enough like mine. Now for the food review, I have tried a good portion of the menu and have Never Ever been disappointed.  From the messy chili dog to the wild willy to the pierogies.  It is always a hard decision every time i go because of the fact that i want to try everything and am pretty close to trying everything.  Its quite sad when people have to give such poor ratings to a place that is run by a local family and the pierogies are homemade just asa fyi to anyone reading this.  Randy, his wife and daughter make them. I always love new things and especially new foods to try. Lots of places are known for one thing or another if you are as adventurous as i am i love trying the other items before the one thing people talk about the most because i find it more interesting that way to see if there is anything else that is just as amazing or better. Gotta love ignorant people. But from a foodie to another this place is awesome for the price you pay. it is definitely worth it. i cannot wait until the bigger store opens up so that it stays open later! So excited!
5	Great hot dogs, super juicy and a great set of toppings. One of the best hot dogs you can get. If you have to wait a while, you can look around the antique shop. The owner was there and very nice.
4	I am always on the hunt for a hot dog and antiques are in the same complex... Homerun so I took the trip to make it happen. I entered the complex and the smell guided me to the spot... I was greeted with a friendly smile and looked over the menu and went with The Arizonan - Fresh guacamole, peppered bacon, green chilies, fire roasted tomatoes and cheddar cheese and a Steel City Slider - Pittsburgh's famous "chipped ham" blended with Will's homemade BBQ sauce with a bottle of orange pop. I rate the experience as followed.The Arizonan - C+Steel City Slider - B+Staff - A++I did enjoy chatting with the owner a great guy... I also enjoyed the Steel City Slider it was like being at a picnic back home. I will be back for sure to try other things I hear the chili is top notch plus to help support local business owners.
5	We heard about PW from yelp. We were a little confused that it was inside of merchantile square. However I am glad we did try it. Willy and his wife were very gracious, sweet, and accomodating! My husband got a dog (the BBQ one) I got the perogies (only on Wednesday) and my son got PB & J. The first you notice is everything is made with love. The food was amazing and reasonabley priced! We will definetely be returning!!!
5	Wednesdays are my favorite days because it's Pierogi Day!  I can't recommend this place enough.  Randy is a great guy who offers awesome food and amazing customer service:o)  If you haven't been there you need to go.  Next on my list to try is the Big Willy Mac n Chili....it looks delicious!
4	Ok, I could give this 5 stars, but I'm trying to be fair and not give a biased review because I'm a Pittsburgh fan.  First, the guy who owns his place and the people who run it are some down to earth great people.  I actually ran into him by chance which is how I found out about this place.  When I heard about a hot dog with mac & cheese on it and fried onions, I was all in.  I love a good hot dog, and this place has some seriously good ones.  Plus if you want to get a taste of Pittsburgh with some things like chipped ham, this is the place.  I will be back.
5	Best hotdog I've ever had!
5	I just "LOVE" this place! Forget the fact that it's a die hard STEELER place, bu the food is just AWESOME!!!Love the pierogies!  Randy has to be the nicest guy anyone could meet!!If you love hot dogs than this is the place!I willbe back next week for my 3 dozen pierogies!
5	Randy has his own part of the antique shop to himself for the restaurant now! So it is not cramped or separated you can see everything and everyone within his restaurant and all of his Pittsburgh Steelers stuff. So if you are a Pittsburgh Steelers Fan i recommend this place not only for the food but for you die hard fans that love to be around other die hard fans.  I am personally not a fan of the steelers because I wasn't brought up  a steeler fan but i am  definitely a fan of the Food and how comforting warm and inviting Randy and his staff are.  I have been to plenty of mom and pop type restaurants or shops and I have never felt as welcome as I feel whenever I step foot into Pittsburgh Willy's.  Now more big Big BIG news! They Serve my favorite meal of the day! BREAKFAST!!but i am extremely picky when it comes to breakfast. I ordered a couple of things and still have yet to try everything else on the breakfast menu.  First I ordered the Big Victor, a green chili pork burrito with scrambled eggs and cheese! So here's the thing when i think of a breakfast burrito i think Big, Flavorful and scrambled and wrapped in a tortilla. Now when i took several bites i noticed that all the eggs were to one side,and the meat on another side. I love eggs and all but i need it to be in moderation to my meats and or veggies.  So when i took a bite of egg id have to take a small bite out of other corners for the cheese and meat. Sounds weird but that's just me i don't want to take a massive bite of the whole burrito stuffed in my mouth that's definitely not classy lady like behavior when you eat in front of people. So next time i order i will see if it can be scrambled to avoid the problem at hand for myself. Just like i did when i had difficulties eating the big willy mac and chili. Order it sloppy every time so its easier to eat. Situation Solved!  There is a habanero sauce that definitely gives it a little more kick with not too much bang as long as you do NOT drench the opening with the sauce.  French toast: definitely bread pudding style thick, crisp on the outsides slightly moist in the middle i am currently letting it drench in butter and syrup as i type this to see what impact that has.  When i make french toast or bread pudding i love letting it soak in the custards over night so its almost like eating something that melts in your mouth within seconds.  So after waiting a couple hours the syrup soaked in a little bit making it a little moister in the middle.  I dont care for hot syrup so i poured more syrup on. There is a flavor within the french toast that makes it different from others that is quite yummy. I was so spoiled with crackers and co french toast with its cinnamon roll type innards that randys french toast was something completely different but still good.I Still have yet to try the scrambles and the biscuits and gravy fresh and when i do i will edit this review and add it in. :)I
5	Wanted to share that we had our 3 dozen perogies during our Thanksgiving feast and they were AWESOME!!!!Thanks to Randy for an awesome job!Let's go STEELERS - LETS GO!
4	Super friendly staff,even though there steeler fans.Haha.set inside the antique mall on Arizona ave and highland.small nice joint with really good all beef dogs,I got the suggested "Frankie d" with habenro bbg,on sesame bun,super good.I got a side of mac n cheese,because im a mac n cheese buff,it was basically kraft mac n cheese with a blend of different cheese dumped in w what seemed to be black pepper and cayenne pepper and butter residooo.I,ve made similiar version before.all in all,really good hotdog joint,I will return to try some other combos,they won me over,but im still a teds guy threw and threw.stay classy yelpers
4	Most people know this place for the hotdogs, but they should also stop by on a Wednesday to have some pierogies! I came here after reading a food blog post on Mouth by Southwest explaining how this family-run eatery makes their pierogies. It is a small place, hidden in an antiques building, so if you are driving by, look for that, not a sign for PW! The decor is all STEELERS...and since I am a Cardinals fan, I had to take a deep breath and not judge based on that aspect ;). We had a seat and looked over the menu. While there were lots of specialty hot dogs to try, I was here for pierogies and that is what I wanted. I also ordered some spicy kielbasa to really excite my Polish-German tastebuds. We went up to the register/counter to order and a can of pop was also included in the meal. I was so excited to see Vernors in the cooler! The pierogies came out smothered in butter and onions and were boiled. The kielbasa was sliced on top. I dug in and was in heaven! Yum! The pierogies had cheese and potatoes in them. I've had a few different kinds in the past, and made them at pierogi-making parties using a ricotta or cottage cheese kind of filling versus yellow cheeses that were in these. Still good though. The owner stopped by our table and was so gracious and welcoming. He was very curious about how we liked the meal, if we had pierogies before, etc. When I told him I usually like them fried and with sour cream, he told me I could of had them that way. I was kinda sad I didn't know, but glad I know now so when I go back with a friend, I can feel like a regular and say "Fry em up, too...with a side of sour cream!" ;)The kielbasa was a great addition to all the starch and the Vernors....man, did that just hit the spot. I ate every single one of my pierogies (I think I had 6.) I like the taste from onions, but I don't actually like to eat them, so they were the only thing left on my plate.You can only get the pierogies on Wednesdays and if you want to order a bunch of them to go, call a week ahead. The pierogi got me in there. The food and Vernors satisfied me. And the customer service from the owner was awesome. The only thing that bothered me was the gal at the counter didn't really have a ton of personality. I like someone to be excited (at least a little) when I come up to order, maybe give me some details, explanations on menu, etc. That is just the former server/bartender in me who always tried to make a newcomer feel welcome and interested in what we offered.Here is the initial post that got me in there: http://mouthbysouthwest.com/2011/12/13/family-run-pittsburgh-willys-keeps-alive-lost-art-of-pierogi-making/I will definitely be back. Can't wait to find an excuse to get out to the East Valley for some good ol' pierogies!!
5	Just a note...I am here on a pretty regular basis and BIG NEWS PEOPLE!Pittsburgh Willy's NOW SERVES CHICAGO STYLE DOGS! My boyfriend ate his in about 30 seconds. So that tells you something.  If you ever feel the need to change something with an order Randy and his co-workers will be more than willing to serve it up the way you like with no problem!
4	Stop by and have them make you a hot dog in the back in their little home like kitchen. It's seriously very cute and the place is basically a hotspot for all that is Pittsburgh Steelers, duh. Stop by if you are getting hungry from roaming the antique mall, and believe me, you will be starving by the time you roam that huge place full of antiques. The only thing I wished he had was a soda machine with ice instead of only canned beverages. Just look for Merchant Square Antiques building and it's right inside to the left of Guest Services when you walk in.
5	Who doesn't like a "Big Willy?" I know alot of you girls do, and so do I. Pittsburgh Willy's is a hidden gold mine of flavor by the way of the most Amercian form comfort food. The hotdog. I've never been much of hotdog eater but at P. Willy's I've now join the masses in loving the phallic shaped food we've all grown up on. P. Willy's takes the idea of the hotdog and raises' it up to another level. The toppings are high quality, the cheese, the bbq sauce and especially the chili are grade A good. My favorite dog, the "Pittsburgher" which is a delicious large beef hotdog sauted in butter then topped with an incredibly tasty thin sliced chipped ham then covered in a preium shredded cheese blend. After each bite I wanted to waive my napkin in celebration like the "terrible towls" at a Steeler game. If you're from or a Pittsburgh sports fan this should you be your regular hang out as the place is covered in Pittsburgh memoriblia and is owned my Pittsburgh native Randy. Randy and his fellow buddies that work there are great people and add to the remarkable charm of the place. Randy is one of the nicest and warm, friendly people I've met and I'm a Broncos fan who showed up the day after the Broncos just beat the Steelers and knocked them outta the playoffs. He even comped the price of the dog, living up to a promise he made on his facebook resturant page, stating if the Broncos win and you show up wearing Broncos gear you get a free dog. I didn't even see this statement but he gave it to me anyways. Like I said, a really great guy.  Pittsburgh Willy's will be one of regular eaterys for now on, hopefully yours too.
5	What a great place! Great dogs, great service...nice to see a place like this.  I had the chicago dog, and my daughter had the chilli cheese dog.. both were great!  Will definitely be back.. best place for dogs in az.. and the antique market was very fun towalk around in!
5	I literally squealed with delight when I found out P. Willys was open on my birthday. Got the Mailman Rick sandwich and started questioning why we don't eat here every meal. And now they serve breakfast! Holy shit! Complete with a birthday song from Randy! I love it!
5	They expanded and the chili dogs are still awesome.
5	After meeting Randy at Laidoff Camp and hearing his amazing story of how he started his business at age 53 after being fired from a comfy job, I absolutely had to give his place a try. And I am glad I did!  When you walk inside of the restaurant you can't help but notice the Pittsburgh theme, because everywhere you look there's something about Pittsburgh.  A nice young lady (Randy's daughter) gave us a menu at the counter and took our order.  The menu was fairly simple and straightforward.  Not being a hotdog fan I opted to try some of the menu items that I've heard other people raving about, including the barbecue pulled pork sandwich, macaroni and cheese and a Steel City Slider.  And no, I didn't eat all of it!  It was way too much food, but I wanted to try so many things!From the first bite of the macaroni and cheese I was in heaven.  Although the presentation wasn't the best (the food is served on styrofoam plates) the food was absolutely delicious.  The mac n cheese was creamy, with just the right amount of bite.    The pulled pork sandwich was wonderful too.  The bread was fresh and soft, the meat had been slow cooked in Freddy G's BBQ Sauce.  I say the name brand because you'll want to remember that name.  This sauce was amazing.  It had a little spice to it, but not too much.  The coleslaw was freshly made and crisp.  And lastly the slider was awesome as well.  I'm a big fan of shaved ham and this was perfectly cooked. Great place, great food, great find, worth the drive from anywhere in the valley.
4	So it's right in this Antiques mall somewherehalfway between Warner and Ray on the east sideof Arizona avenue. Plenty of parking space. Youcan go in the side entrance if you wanna cut tothe chase and get straight to the food or you cango through the main entrance if you want to checkout all the antiques and GILFs. If you get lostwhile looking for that perfect piece of junque toput in your living room, it's in the northwestcorner of the mall. Best to bring cash since theydo take credit cards but above a certain minimum- I forget the whole story. Anyway, I've been herequite a few times and all the dogs I've tried werepretty decent. I usually get a side of cole slaw in addition to fill out the meal. And they have all sorts of soda to choose from in their cooler. If you are there on a Wednesday, that's their Pirogi (orPierogi - however the heck you spell it) day. Thepierogis come with cheese filling and have fried onions on top and I usually get the sausage to go with it. It's a special so it comes with a drink. Can't beat that with a hammer. Oh yeah - if you aren't a Steelers fan, make sure to ignore all the memorabilia because it's all over the place. Andif you check-in on Yelp, there's some kind of drinkspecial plus it includes a hug from Willy.
5	How can a joint that serves hot dogs and is loaded with football memorabilia not get 5 stars??  Brak is a hot dog & football fiend, so this one is a natural for me.  Not a huge menu but that's ok, I'd rather see a joint concentrate on what they do well, rather than try to offer pages and pages of different stuff.  I've had the smothered chili dog, and a BLT on sourdough a couple of times, and both are outstanding.  Willy's bacon is particularly noteworthy, in this day and age of crappy bacon being passed off as edible by far too many eating establishments.  This stuff is the real deal.  It's truly a family-run joint and Willy is a most gracious host.  Now part of our regular lunch rotation and we will definitely continue to be steady customers.
5	Great hot dog joint with phenomenal staff service!
5	Best hotdog around. Hands down
5	Good food, great customer service.  Always a great time.  The owner, Randy definitely knows what customer service is all about.  Hot dogs are good, breakfast is awesome.  Helps if you are a Steeler's fan but even if you aren't you can't beat the food and fun!
2	After reading the other reviews, I felt the hot dogs were very over-rated.  For a rave hot dog place, I would've expected the hot dogs to be grilled/bbq whereas this place it was simply boiled therefore not bringing out the hot dog distinct flavors. The boiled hot dog was placed in the bun making the bun slightly sogging which I guess you could've said "wet dog!" I ordered the hot dog with guac, bacon, tomatoes.  Again, it was a decent high quality hot dog, but overall I regret not going to Ted's Hot Dogs where the hot dogs are cooked over CHARCOAL.  It was decent, but I do not plan on going back again as I feel there are better hot dog places than this one.
5	This dude catered a gig I was jammin at. When I went to pay for a dog he said no way bro you're in the band. That was cool enough but the dog was stellar! My mama is from the burg and we are frequent lovers of this fine establishment!
4	I've been shopping at this antique mall for years but I've never eaten at Willy's.....because I do not eat hot dogs. Ever. Today I ate a hot dog and unfortunately I will have to come back again, and probably again once more. My only gripe: no brewed iced tea, just the sugary stuff in a can/bottle.
5	Don't miss the Steel City Sliders!
4	There are only two places to get a really good hot dog in the Valley and this is one of them. Prices are reasonable and the variety of hot dogs is very good. Try starting out with the basic "snap dog." I like them with just mustard , onion and relish. One of my problems is I find something I like at a restaurant and whenever I go back I order the same thing. The menu at Pttsburgh Willys offers a lot of variety. I have to try some different hot dogs.And, I will :)
5	Five star food, five star people runnin' the place.  A big plus that it is so close to home (though we had no idea they were there until we saw them on Yelp! and recalled that they were an Ignite Food vendor).  Have been back numerous times and kept meaning to write them this here glowing review, which is richly deserved.
2	Well, we finally went in and tried the food this time. (We had gone in a few weeks back and didn't eat because there were no available tables and it just felt uncomfortable in such a small space.) I'm sorry I don't understand the hype because the food was mediocre at best. Boiled hot dogs with toppings; something we could easily make at home. They would be better prepared on a BBQ or grill. Again the environment was just over crowded; no available tables, and being that there are only roughly 6 tables, this is easily accomplished. I will say their prices are very fair and staff is very friendly its just something we decided isn't worth the money and probably wouldn't return.
5	GREAT food and phenomenal service! Loved this place and will be back soon!
5	My first attempt to check out Pittsburgh Willy's was met with disappointment; they were closed.  However, I was afforded another opportunity to check them out at the Taste of Chandler festival and I was pleasantly surprised.  I went again today with my boyfriend and a friend, and we were all happily satiated with our choices.  We got a variety; Arizona dog, Big Willy Cheese & Chili (and a Little Willy Cheese & Chili), Freddie G's (regular), and a Big Willy.  The hot dogs are great, the buns are soft, and the toppings are excellent.  The owner came over and sat with us for a while chatting about Chandler and its food and culture, which was excellent.  He also checked in with the other groups there.  It was an excellent experience.  Normally, I don't like places that serve drinks by the can, but that's the only negative I could possibly site from this experience.   Despite that, they had a variety of choices in drinks, so I couldn't even say this was a negative.  Everything else was top-notch.  I'll definitely visit them again and I look forward to them coming to downtown Chandler at some point!
5	I love this place. I've eaten here 4 times now and it is very good every time. They have a huge selection of drinks and a crazy amount of things to put on hot dogs. I love the family feel in this place. Definitely the best place to stop for lunch for a hot dog.
4	I was raised on just good old plain hot dogs. I had tried some of the hot dogs with different toppings on them in different configurations over the years. I quickly came to the conclusion that for the most part, hot dog places in the Phoenix area pile on the toppings because the hot dog itself is not a good one. Since I was raised on plain ol hot dogs with minimal toppings I came to appreciate what a good quality dog was and what a poor quality dog was. In my book, if the underlying hot dog isn't good, then it doesn't matter what you pile on top, it's still a crappy dog. Hence my hesitation on going into Pittsburgh Willy's. From the menu, it's clear that they specialize in unique dogs with a variety of toppings. I ordered the Pittsburgher, which was a 1/4lb all-beef dog, thinly sliced and chopped ham, cheese, and peppered bacon bits. Yes. That was all on the dog. Verdict? Pittsburgh Willy's uses a high quality, delicious dog underneath an equally high quality delicious layer of toppings. The ham was light, the bacon was just right, and the cheese just made sure it all stuck together while I leveraged this dog into my face hole. I would recommend this place to anyone who really loves a good dog and can get there during the hours. I would have rated this place 5 stars, but with the hours being fairly short it is difficult for me to get here with the exception of my day off, so 4 stars it is. Also, I think the place would benefit from a better, more obvious location, since as it is now it's a small part of a much larger antique store, and I never would have found it if it weren't for a referral from a friend.I will be back as often as I can.
4	This place was highly recommended by a fiend of mine who patronizes this place regularly on his lunch break... And for good reason. The hot dogs are delicious with many different original concoctions of fixins'. Nice family atmosphere and the workers were very friendly.  Give this place a try you will not be disappointed !
5	An excellent hot dog with great toppings. The first time I came here, I had the hot dog with BBQ sauce, fried onions, and bacon. So delicious! Most recently, I had the chili Willy, and it was awesome! The chili was not greasy and it was completely tasty! I don't think you can find a better hot dog anywhere else!
4	OK this place is really good, I tired the Hot Dog , my girlfriend the Steel city sliders. Since I am a big Steelers Fan , I have really been wanting to try this place for a long time. Worth the wait.A really nice easy meal.Your only problem here I think is to figure out which one you will have.The Bacon on the Dog is really good. I don't know why I have never tired something like that before.This little hotdog place is worth a try.Restrooms are clean as well. Staff is friendly.
5	Great friendly owners,amazing brats and dogs!! Our kids cant wait to go!!
5	Wonderful little place I found. I have tried the Chicken hotdog, and it was the most delicious thing I have ever tasted. The prices are cheap, and you just can't seem to beat the customer service! Just because the prices are cheap, it doesn't mean it is low quality food, this WAS the best hot dog I have ever had, and I am glad to say I am definitely going to be a repeat customer.Willy talks to all of his customers, and will even sit down at the table with you when it's not busy. Make sure you sign up for the rewards card program, on that iPad that is facing you, you can gain points, and get free stuff! Also, an off note, you can pay here with your phone if you have the Square Wallet app for your iPhone, I think that is pretty cool! You just say your name and pay, no cards, or cash needed!Definitely a repeat customer here! I don't think you can find a better Hot Dog anywhere else in Chandler!
5	Since I was next door at the antique store, I HAD to try this place. I read so many reviews of the store that mentioned Pittsburgh Willy's. They were so very friendly from the minute I walked in. The man told me how glad he was I came in and it was so genuine I had to smile. I tried their "new" hotlink sausage with buffalo type sauce, blue cheese and bacon. I love hot links and this did not disappoint. I loved the friendly folks, all their Pittsburgh Steeler gear and the hot link sandwich.... I wish I could remember what it was called!
5	Hands down the best restaurant I've been to in Arizona. Sure, he doesn't have filet mignon or serve the finest wines/liqours, but Randy (the owner) is the type of guy who makes you feel at home. He really takes care of you, and he forms a personal connection with all of his customers (he just wished me a happy birthday on Facebook and said my next dog is on him). And he won't turn you away if you're not a Steelers fan, he'll still welcome you with open arms!The service is just the tip of the iceberg though; even though it's a 'hot dog joint', all of Randy's ingredients are local, and you can taste the difference. I go here all the time, and I encourage all my friends and family to do the same. Out of everyone I've brought, they've all been back at least once, or are wondering when we're going back again.My favorite thing on his menu is the "Eddie R" pulled pork sammich. One of the best I've ever had, so good that my friend that doesn't even like pulled pork orders it from time to time!Try this place out, and I guarantee you won't be disappointed, one of Chandler's best-kept secrets!
5	You know a place is great when you're planning your future order in anticipation of a return visit prior to even finishing your meal, but such was the case here.The gourmet hot dogs tickled my taste buds in every way possible, but it was the impeccable service that really stole the show. The owner was a delight and his kindness and enthusiasm is what set this dining experience so far apart from the rest. There's an abundance of pride and attention to detail here that is evident from the minute you walk in.They offer cream soda (free with check-in), tasty desserts, table games, a plethora of condiments, classic commercials on the tube, and a lovely antique mall next door to aid in the burning of those buns afterwards. Just a few of my favorite things, which kinda makes me feel like this place was created just for me.I'm shocked that Willy's has existed for four years without my knowing. It truly is a gem and offers a nostalgic dose of deliciousness that I'm so thankful to Yelp to have found. I will most certainly be back!
5	I'd deal with hours of antique browsing, simply for the excuse to grab a Pittsburgh Willy's hot dog. Or two. Or three. My fiance is catching on to this ploy, as I now am suggesting trips to Merchant Square. But I hardly care as long as we get to go. This place is authentic/delicious/perfect. Stop reading this and GO!!
5	This place is great!! Best hotdogs in town. My favorite is the "wing ding dog" so good!!! Mac and cheese chili dog is great along with the Arizonan. Great little family run joint. Try it you won't be disapointed.
5	I've been wanting to try a hot dog here for a very long time, but could never make it in for lunch.  But lucky me I found myself with a free afternoon and headed straight over there!I went in and was immediately greeted by Willy.  I told him that it was my first time here but being from Chicago, hot dogs are almost a food group, so whatever he recommends I am willing to try.  He recommended his signature dog The Pittsburgher.  Sounds good to me!  Being the good Polish girl I am, I asked if they still had their perogis as well.  The menu only offers 6 but I asked Willy if I could just have 3 since it was just me eating them, he very happily obliged my request.While waiting Willy was sweeping and if he saw that a table had finished he offered to take their garbage and throw it away for them.  He takes tremendous pride in his restaurant and his customer service and you can tell.  As I was there alone he sat and chatted with me a bit about how long I had lived here and typical small talk which was pleasant.My order came out about 8ish minutes later (can't rush goodness).  The perogis were excellent!  They are boiled not sauteed and have a melted butter with a small amount of sauteed onion on top of them.  Yummy in this girl's tummy!  Now on to the main event:  The hot dog!  I didn't add any additional condiments on it so it was a great hot dog topped with chipped beef and melted cheese.  Not knowing what chipped beef was, I wasn't aware how salty it can be, so I do recommend some mustard, sour kraut or something with vinegar to cut through the richness and saltiness of the dog and chipped beef.  But overall it was still a great hot dog.Next on my list will the Chicago dog or a Buffalo style hot dog that I don't recall seeing on the menu but have seen on here.  Overall:  Outstanding customer service and pride in what he does with food to match.  Nice little hidden gem.  OH!  He also said he was expanding or moving to a larger place in downtown Chandler and will be expanding his hours as well!  YAY!
5	I have had most of Pittsburgh Willy's hotdogs.  I have also had the pulled pork as well.  This hotdog joint has it all going on.  Thumbs up all the way.  And Pittsburgh items throughout the restaurant.  My favorite is the Freddie G with habanero.  Gotta get in to try this one.  You won't be sorry.
4	Great hot dogs! the atmostphere of this place is fun, many things to look at and have a good laugh.
5	Had lunch at Pittsburgh Willy's the other day.  Awesome hot dog joint.  It is a Pittsburgh sports memorability.  Very cool place and I have to say, the dog selection is fantastic.  Some many gourmet dogs to choose from.  Hard to find a favorite.  And the service is the best in town.  Thanks Pittsburgh Willy's.  you are now one of me go-to joints.
5	I am so happy I found this place!!! nothing like a hot wiener from a great bunch of folks!!! this is no mundane wiener house either!!!! they have a wide veriety of wieners stuffed with something great to satisfy your salivating pallet!!!
5	Awesome hot dogs. Been here about 5 times and have never been disappointed. There are tons of specialty dogs with some interesting condiments for the adventurous type of folk. I pretty much stick to the Chicago dogs and my new favorite, the Shane Doan dog. (fried onions, asiago, Canadian bacon, pineapple, on a french roll). Different by amazing! Place has a fun atmosphere and table games to keep you entertained. Definitely recommend this place.
5	This place is just as good as all the other Yelpers say! Food is good, service is good, atmosphere is good.... well I guess that means everything there is good! It's a little bit on the higher end of the pay scale, specialty dogs are about 6 bucks, but you get what you pay for! Definitely worth it.
5	Absolutely an amazing place to eat. Unfortunately for me its right around the corner and its a bit pricier than your average hot dog! Come here multiple times a week cause the food is amazing. Worth a drive out of your way just to try one of these! My current favorite is the Shane Doan dog, little different in terms of ingredients but man what a combination. This restaurant is hidden inside an antique shop right off of Arizona ave near Warner. They prefer cash if you have it, but also use Square. Hours are limited but go between 11-3 and most days you should be safe! Happy eating!!
5	I was walking around Costco one day in my Steelers shirt, and this guy walked up to me and asked me if I like hot dogs.  I said absolutely and nodded my head violently, so he handed me a couple of free hot dog coupons and introduced himself as Randy, the owner of Pittsburgh Willy's.  Several months later I finally decided to check it out because I was feeling peckish, and I ordered the chili n cheese dog.  It was delicious and I was stuffed.  I wanted to try every hot dog on the menu, but since my name isn't Joey Chestnut, I decided to come back another day.  I've since tried the Pittsburgher, and it was just as amazing.  This place rules.Great hot dogs, cool owner and Steelers memorabilia everywhere - this is how I imagine Heaven to be.  Thanks Randy (aka Pittsburgh Willy), you are one cool dude.
4	After shopping in the antique mall me and my family were hungry from covering so much territory (the mall is huge), we decided to grab a hot dog. It was delicious! I love that they have a variety of different types of toppings you would not even think of to put on a hot dog. What was the must impressive was the customer service! The staff was very friendly and made sure to reach out to each customer  to make sure they were enjoying their meal and experience. They have a deliciously creative approach and I'm a fan!
5	Great food and lots of options. The owner was real nice and really cares about his business. If you have found this place and are trying to decide what to eat, just go here. You won't be disappointed.I got the red white and blue dog which was amazing.
5	My boyfriend and I came here and practically ordered the entire menu!  The hot dogs are unique and delicious.  The slider was tasty as well.  They have a wide selection of canned and bottled sodas.  They also have games at the tables to pass the time while you wait for your food.  The service is friendly and they are connected to a really fun antique store worth browsing when you are done devouring the delicious menu of hot dogs and sandwiches.
5	One of the best chili dog concoctions I've ever eaten!
5	Saw this place reviewed somewhere else and had to go see for myself.It is a little, unassuming place on the side of the Antique Mall on AZ ave. Appropriately decorated in Pittsburgh Stealer merchandise. The owners and staff have great personalities and really bring the place to life. They had a new item that wasn't on the menu yet - The Wing Ding Willy - where hot wings meet hot dogs. On a sesame bun we find a hot link dog, bleu cheese crumbles, hot wing sauce, bacon, and some bleu cheese dressing. I was very good. One of the best hot dogs I've had. I will definitely be back to sample more of the menu.
5	Still giving Pittsburgh Willy's the top score. Everytime I go here you get treated like family! I'm always forgetting to check-in at my yelp locations. Especially this one. Even though I get free things it slips my mind!! Randy is really a great owner and is extremely personable. Wish I could brag for days how awesome this place is. Always recommend it here. Always.
5	This place has 4.5 stars so of course I had to check it out! Owner was great, very friendly & personable. Don't know if its only on Sundays but kids eat free (from kids menu) with paid adult. I tried his newest masterpiece. A most delicious hot dog on a hamburger topped with a spaghetti sauce, Mac&Cheese & fried onion strings (I think). Very creative and different! My daughter had a hot dog and chips-exactly what she was craving. Afterwords we tried to Twilly. A Twinkie with a hot dog in it topped with bacon and peanut butter. It wasn't too bad actually, all I needed was a glass of milk and it would've been perfect. I will be coming back to try the classics but I had to venture out on this run.
5	Twilly - absolutely INSANE - had a dream about it the other night and I can't believe these things go so well together.  How did I come about stepping in here?  Well I dragged my husband here to see the antiques in the marketplace and the Steelers garb caught his eye & thats all she wrote.  The owner approached us and talked with us about the Steelers fan stuff all over and told us about the twilly.  We walked around the marketplace for about 20 minutes - then we couldn't stand it anymore and bee lined back to Pittsburgh Willys to get one.  Good god it was fantastic - I ate it with a fork & knife so it would last just a little bit longer.  Also, their employees, very nice and pleasant. Love the canned soda choices too.  I had a Dad's creme soda - MY FAV!! The owner told us about their 2nd location opening by downtown chandler - we will be sure to visit.  You - need - to - visit - even if it isn't for a twilly.  GO STEELERS!!!!
5	I love love love love this place! Big Mac = Hot dog swimming in chilli and macaroni and cheese. Its a dream! Not really the atmosphere I prefer so I took my order to go.Did I mention I love this place?
5	Ive always seen and heard about this place and its right next to my work, so thought I would give it a try. I came with my husband and my brother. My brother and I ordered the Big Willy Mac N' Chili & my husband got the Freddy G. The owner who greeted as we walked was so very nice and explained to us a bit of what they offer. As you are waiting for your food to arrive, they have trivia card games at the table to pass the time or some tic tac toe. Finally the food came!! It looked soo good!! Mine was delicious, the onion strings topped it off perfectly. Then we just had to try the "twilly" the hot dog stuffed in a twinke topped with peanut butter & bacon. I wasnt sure about this at first, but had to try it for myself. Who knew!?? That something soo weird would taste so good! I have been craving one since then. I will need to come in asap to get my "twilly fix" love this place The staff and food are above and beyond 5 stars.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. It's such a small, inviting place, the owner is the nicest guy and its really apparent he loves his business. The pulled pork sandwich is my all time fave, so delicious!
5	I'm not into hotdogs. I'm DEFINITELY not into twinkles. The Twilly Dog is a dessert like thing, not the main course hotdog. A hotdog in a Twinkie, with peanut butter, & it WORKS. IT'S GOOD. If you are a health food person like me who prefers the Whole Foods hot bar over any fast food, just don't think too much about the Twilly, get a friend to order it, and take one big middle bite. It will confuse you, because by God It's truly tasty.If you want a great story of inspiration from the Food Gods, ask Randy how he came up the Twilly.Randy, the owner (no, his name isn't Willy), greeted us like we just entered his home. His daughter helped us choose the best dogs for our tastes. Ask them, take their recommendation. Whatever we chose was the BEST hotdog I've ever had (something with bacon, I don't know), including compared to a Chicago dog from a lakeside cart in Chicago, and a hotdog off a cart in NYC.  Read the articles on the wall by the door, this guy is passionate about not dogs, and is on a mission of more than food....
5	My 13 year old thinks the big willy is better than a ball park hot dog! That just shows how majestic the big willy is.
5	Went there for lunch. After the Chili Dog I ordered the Twilly. Not knowing what to expect, it was dee-licious. The first bite was kinda intrigueing, but the second bite, when you got to the cream filling, was over the top. The salt of the crispy bacon, the peanut butter, the twinkie and delicious hot dog, what an awesome creation. It was great. Thank you Randy!
5	This is the place to go if you are a Steeler fan or love you some hot dogs.  While you can get the standard dog here, there are many other unique and yummy hot dog offerings on the menu.  Kids eat free with the purchase of an adult meal, which just makes me a bigger fan of this place.
5	My search is over! Found a place that makes hot dogs/sausages that are not only beef! The chicken sausage is awesome and you can make it with any of the gourmet toppings.
5	Stopped in this week and as always great service and excellent dog. Had I think a Freddie with BBQ and Onion. Love the bottles of Coke.
5	Seriously awesome dogs! Stopped in for the first time but it will not be our last. The owner is extremely friendly and laid back but is helpful and takes an interest in his customer's needs. GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE! FIRST RATE!! These are the small business owners that you WANT to root for! The ones who are nice and care about the customer and the success of their own business! I cannot say enough good things about this place!We ordered The pittsburgher, which is a dog with ham, bacon and cheese! It was awesome! The ham was a really great twist on an old classic.We also grabbed an order of the Big Willy mac n' cheese (I don't know if that name is completely correct). This, too, was great! The mac n' cheese was great, the chili is so flavorful but it is not spicy! HUGE PORTION!! The hot dogs themselves are great! They are the best ones I've ever had. I don't think I could ever eat a ballpark or a nathan's again... They just won't measure up.Lastly... The Twilly. Oh my. A hot dog with a twinkie for a bun. It's topped with a smear of peanut butter and big crumbles of crispy bacon. PURE, UNADULTERATED, HEAVEN!!! I cannot say that it is something I will find myself eating every time I go but only because I'm too young for a heart attack. Feeling adventurous, try it... I promise you will not regret taking a bite.Thank you Randy for the wonderful experience, we will see you next time!
1	Glanced at other reviews for few seconds before writing my review and wondered if they went somewhere else? So one of my sons and I met at Pittsburgh Willys for a long awaited hot dog from Pittsburgh Willy. Talk about disappointment! I immediately noticed the hot dog looked old and like it soaked in water for hours! Needless to say my Chicago Style Dog wasn't worth the $4.00 and the same for the mess my son ordered. I also order the cole slaw which was also disappointing.Now go ahead and discount my review it's your choice, but I've had a better hot dog from Circle K, plus their buns are fresh unlike the chewy one from Pittsburg's Willys. Now I could go on about the uncleanliness of the place, it's disgusting! Don't mistake the Steelers signage, pictures and pennants as a distract to you. The floors, walls, and high chairs are filthy! How did this place get a passing grade from health department? Nostalgic doesn't mean clean! You are better off going to Sonic or Circle K for a better dog, plus cleaner and cheaper!
5	Didn't try the the hot dog cuz there was a "Willy Wueben" on the menu. It was darn good! Had a unique, homemade thousand island dressing and Dublin cheese--yu-um!So nice to have a cold Dad's Cream Soda out of the fridge with it!The place has a warm, kitschy feel with all the Steelers paraphernalia but don't let that scare you! ;)Very friendly staff. Attentive service. I'll definitely be back. Cooler weather makes me ache for home-cooked Pennsylvania grub...
5	Best hot dog place I've ever been too! Randy is great and super personable! He'll sit down with you and get to know you just like one of the guys or best friends! Their hot dogs are amazing! I always get the Three-Legged. It's not on the menu anymore, but it's the best damn chili triple hot dog around! The chili is amazing! Full time regular now! Looking forward to visiting their new store opening!
4	Great hot dog joint! First time I ever ate a hotdog with a knife and fork but it was excellent. I had the sloppy chili cheese dog and it was as good as a hot dog can get. Chili was meaty and filling but not spicy. The hot dog was butterflied on an open sesame seed bun with chili and cheese on top. Would definitely come back. Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is the hours. Was lucky to come on a Wednesday when they're open till 7pm. They're normally open till only 3pm and on weekends till 5pm.
5	The hotdog was great, I didn't have the guts for the twinkie dog but maybe another time. The owner was very nice, very homey atmosphere. thumbs up!
5	My favorite is the Arizona hotdog at Pittsburgh Willy's!  For someone who isn't a hotdog lover, this is a great place, and I'm a now fan! Interesting choices, not run of the mill. Enjoy shopping at the Merchant Square Antique Mall before or after the meal - fun!
5	Walked in today 15 minutes before they closed as a first timer and I can't tell you how much I loved this place! I asked Willy what he recommended and told him I was a chili dog freak and he pointed me to the chili dog sloppy style with home made chili. All I have to say is holy moly!!!!It was phenomenal! I highly recommend this place and they were so hospitable as well. Thank you Willy and company, this will be a regular stop for me from now on.
4	I'm generally not a hot dog fan, but I liked the one I had here.  I think it was the big willy mac-n-chili.  Pretty darned good, I'd have it again, and it was really nice of him to come around and introduce himself to us and make sure that we were all taken care of.
5	Can't go wrong with anything here. Best in town/
5	*The original Pittsburgh Willy's has closed on February 9th and is re-locating 159 W. Commonwealth in Downtown Chandler soon.  In the meantime, Randy is opening a a new restaurant in Downtown Chandler on Valentine's day called Wimpy's Paradise, which will serve gourmet hamburgers and ice cream.  Until the new Pittsburgh Willy's location is open, he will be serving the same hotdogs at Wimpy's Paradise.*  This review is long overdue.  I've been coming in here almost every week for the past 4 years. Simply said, this is one of my most favorite places to eat, ever.I've taken my co-workers here. I've taken my parents here. I've taken friends from out of town here. I even took my dog once (on the patio of course). Every single person left stuffed and happy. My personal favorite is the Arizonan hot dog. The combination of chiles, tomatoes, guacamole, cheese, and bacon is borderline blasphemous.  The chili cheese dog (sloppy) is also a great option for when I'm feeling like a cultured human being and decide to eat with a knife and fork instead of my hands.  The chicken and wild rice soup has comforted me on multiple occasions during flu season. Randy and his staff strive to make each dining experience personal and the best it can be.  You'll sometimes see one of them sitting and chatting amongst the diners as if they were old friends.  I can't wait to see what they bring into realm of hamburgers!
