3	Passing through Charlotte on business and decided to try Sullivan's.  It is a good, solid steakhouse.  I had the Kansas City Bone-In Strip and it was perfectly cooked and tender, unfortunately, a little too much pepper.  Otherwise the sides were tasty: White Cheese Au Gratin Potato and Asparagus.  I liked the dark interior with hints of art deco.  The service was prompt, attentive and friendly.
5	This place was superb in all respects: food, presentation, service, ambiance.  It really left nothing to be desired in a five-star steakhouse experience.  And the fact that the Chicago Bears picked up the tab made it all the sweeter. ;)Our party of eight ordered the oysters Rockefeller, seared ahi tuna tartare, fried calamari, and seafood sampler appetizers.  I tried all but the last, and all were adequate-to-amazing.  The oysters Rockefeller were goeey-cheesy, spinachy and warm, with just the slightest tinge of salty oyster flavor beneath.  The ahi tuna tartare was fresh, perfectly seared and presented beautifully.  Even the standard calamari was above-average: warm and soft, not rubbery in the slightest.My wedge salad with diced roma tomatoes, fresh-ground black pepper and creamy bleu cheese dressing was melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  The lobster bisque, presented with a zig-zag of cream down the middle, was a tad salty for my tastes.  But it did boast more than the usual amount of lobster chunks.  I've had better, but this was still good.For my entree, I enjoyed the 12-ounce filet mignon with gorgonzola butter melted over it.  My date had the jumbo scallops with spicy Thai sauce.  Both were dazzling.  My steak was lean, immensely flavorful and perfectly prepared (warm and pink throughout, with no raw parts in the middle).  Our party ordered family-style sides: creamed spinach, asparagus with Hollandaise, horseradish mashed potatoes and au gratin potatoes.  I didn't try the spinach, but the rest were terrific.  And plentiful: nobody was left wanting for any of them.For dessert, I enjoyed the bananas Foster bread pudding.  I'm normally not a bread pudding kinda guy, but it stood out on the dessert menu, so I gave it a shot.  I was not disappointed: hot, smooth, firm, with the perfect amount of banana, real whipped cream and vanilla bean ice cream.  The cappucino served with dessert was lukewarm, but the service staff came around and topped it off with fresh hot coffee.Speaking of the service staff, they could not have been more attentive to all of the various mundane tasks that often get overlooked: refilling water glasses, whisking away finished plates, scooping up crumbs with those nifty crumb-scooper-upper thingies.  Our server's knowledge of the menu and specials was thorough, and he was beyond helpful and attentive.I don't anticipate being in Charlotte again, but if I ever am, I will flock back to Sullivan's.  Please give it a try!
4	Sullivan's has one of the best bar menus in town. If you're looking for a cheap, delicious meal, good drink, cool atmosphere and a nice band, this place is for you! Two meals for $9.95! Wow... But, you have to sit in the bar and patio area to get this deal. I usually go on Thurs evenings because the bar special lasts all nite.The dinner menu also has some great items. I would suggest the crab fried rice and for dessert, the Banana's Foster Bread Pudding. I've never been a bread pudding fan, but after just one bite of theirs, I was hooked!
5	Perfect for:First DateA night out with spouseNigh out for just drinks (specials are AWESOME)-sit at the barA swanky place to pre-game
4	Excellent, classic steakhouse.  I had the privilage of going while my boyfriend's boss was picking up the tab, so that was a huge plus for me.  The food was great!  I had a mushroom duxelle filet with creamed spinach and white cheddar au gratin potatoes.  My steak was cooked perfectly and it had a goat cheese butter melted over the top that was to die for.  The steak really was delicious, but that sauce could have been served over an old sneaker and made it taste good.  The side dish portions are HUGE and definitely shar-able.  The table had oysters rockefeller, crab cakes, and calamari for appetizers and there was plenty to go around for all of us (table of 9).  The calamari are some of the best I have ever eaten.  They are gigantic, not rubbery at all, and have that fresh seafood melt-in-your-mouth quality.  The piece de resistance for me, however, was their signature Knockout martini.  They infuse chunks of pineapple in orange vodka for over a week and then crush it up, put it over ice, and strain the concoction into a martini glass.  Yowza....it is awesome!  Definitely pricey, but well worth it.  Good, solid food and our service was top-notch.
3	I just went out with a friend to this place last week.  I did read some comments from Yelpers as it's my first time.  Firstly, I was disappointed with the parking there.  Suit... I almost left as I drove round the whole parking building three times with no spot.  Ending up I had to use their valet.  Perhaps, this is to create jobs,  Tell our forecoming President.I may be picky (you may say)  I'm half Jewish and I only do not eat pork or shell fish, besides due to my job, I see lobster and good food everyday, I did not have many choices of appetizer.  I picked steak tartar whatever but I did not like the taste as there was only meat taste.I saw my friend order oyster that looked good.  We shared a porter house steak but he did not order any side.  (He was to pay and this was the first time eating out with him, I was observing.)  The meat was cooked to our choice - good.  For the others, wait till I go out with another friend and try again.I see that the menu does have good items.  Good try.The price???  Mummmm depending with where you want to compare. Feel like eating at Sheraton or Marriott Hotel.   It is pricey.  In California, you can get better price for this standard. But definitely, a place that you can show off a little bit if you are dating someone.  Haha!!Overall, a place of class except the parking.  BTW, someone say casual dress, fortunately I always dress proper to any dinner.  Otherwise, I will be very embarrassed.  Perhaps the night I went there had lots of either company party or business people.Sorry, am I too sarcastic???
1	My steak was over cooked and covered in a thin tastless gravy.  Don't waste your time.
5	I've been to the best steakhouses around this beautiful country and although Sullivans is not the very best (St. Elmo's in Indianapolis, & The Stockyard in Kansas are in my top five.) it ranks very high amoung steakhouse chains. Delicious steaks, family style portions, beautiful atmosphere and very freindly staff.
4	So I'm having a steakhouse conversation with some friends and Sullivan's comes up...I know it's a chain, and I know there are more popular places in town, but if you have been here multile times, the overall consistency of the experience at Sullivan's stands out in my mind! I can't say that I've ever had a bad meal or service experience here. Of the upscale steakhouses (Del Frisco's, Beef and Bottle, Morton's, Ruth's Chris, Palm, etc), Sullivan's may not rate as the best in each category (food, service, value, atmosphere), but I would put it 2 or 3 in each one - thus giving it the title of Charlotte's best steakhouse.
5	You want a great steak, a good bottle of wine and a nice place to enjoy it with experienced, knowledgeable staff?  Go to Sullivan's.  End of story.
4	Fine dining without the snobbery, Sullivan's in Charlotte is an excellent place to get some surf and turf. Great wait staff too. Took a bachelor party to eat there and when the food came out there were 6 very quiet guys chowing down on a great meal.Funny rumor; beware of cougars at the bar.
4	Very nice. Straight forward, rather English in decor...  they have a room downstairs for banquets and groups that is very nice. The meat choices are fresh and deliciously prepared, in fact I would say on par with Morton's and Ruth's Chris at a slightly more palatable price point. The staff was very professional and everything was nicely done.A good solid dining experience.
4	Noms!  We sat at the bar, so I am not sure of the atmosphere in the restaurant, but the atmosphere in the bar was fairly mellow.  I had an 8oz fillet  Mignon and a wedge salad.  The salad was drowned in dressing, but that can be prevented in the future by ordering it on the side.  The only negative thing I have to say about the steak is that they wanted me to order all kinds of crap to put on top of it.  A good, proper steak only needs to be served with a side of au jus!  The meat was properly cooked, and I ate the whole thing.On Sunday nights, the drink menu is half price, so I had 2 froofy martinis.  They were pretty good too.  Our server was very nice as well, and did her job well.  This place is also fairly gluten-free friendly, but as with any place, you have to remind the staff over and over that no, you can't have the bread and butter that they placed in front of you, and that is a bit irritating.
2	Love the knock out drink, love the lamb, love the cowboy if they cook it right, love the Grande Marnier Souffle the most.  What I don't like is the really poor service.  We have eaten here a dozen times and service is hit or miss.  Went in their twice and got rare cowboy steak when I asked for medium.  I know it's hard to cook, but...The second time it happened they brought it out three times. The first time it was raw with barely any marks, the second time it was medium rare, then they left it on till it was black and the manager came out with it and tried to convince me it was medium.  No apologies, no fresh steak, no free desert.  I did not eat it or send it back and no one cared.  At those prices I was fed up.  My husband an I tried to give it another shot recently after seeing a movie.  We went in to get drinks and a dessert.  The kitchen was closed a few minutes before we sat down.  We asked if we could get a cold desert, peice of bread, or a pretzel?  Nothing, just drinks.  After one with out food, we were done.  Sad to say Sullie's is comin' off the list.  :(
2	Pricey. Its a fancy atmosphere with not-so-great food and service. I expected more for my money.
5	This is the best Sullivan's I have been to.  The Bartender, Luke, is VERY knowledgeable, and friendly.  I eat here for lunch about once a week, and am there for dinner every now & again.  I have yet to have a bad meal.  Service is always very friendly, and if something does go wrong (happened 1 time) the management was extremely understanding & helpful.For my money, it rarely gets better than Sullivan's in Dilworth - for the complete package.
3	A few friends had sworn up and down Sullivans was cheaper and better than other quality chain steakhouses we carnivores adore. As the much beloved, highly anticipated QC restaurant week is off the starting gates, Sullivans is the first stop in this possible gout inducing road trip of gluttony that would make Henry the VIII envious. First impressions aren't much to gloat about. While calling for a reservation, I was told 8:45 was the next available spot. After having to confirm with my dinner mates, I had to wait on hold for ohhhh only a measly 7 or 8 minutes. Hmrph, lets try this again. Hung up and redialed, new person and now it's 8:30; uh okay that works, lets roll on out! Upon arrival, complimentary valet - not too shabby. We had to wait a few minutes to be seated so, "please enjoy yourselves at the bar and listen to the live jazz band." I can dig it, dirty martini time! At only $10 for house vodka, oh Sullivans you sly dog, I like you already. Bingo! Our names were called to be seated and after you wait for the hostesses to finish gossiping amongst themselves and finally seat you, the adventure begins. The dining room is lined with booths and a nifty library looking room adds to the Chicago, Dick Tracy-esque decor. The booths though, don't really sit 4 people comfortably. Since it's restaurant week, the $30 meal is offered along with a "Summer of '69" for two which has slightly different options and two sides. Apparently its offered all summer and cost $69, heh go figure. Summer of 69 it is, with asparagus and crab fried rice as sides. While the crab fried rice is pretty tasty, the asparagus was itsy bitsy, teeny tiny. Salmon is pretty tasty and very buttery - meaning good salmon. Now, on to my carnivorous inner caveman. The filet; I loved it, but am upset at the chef. The steak itself was way too heavily over salted. Once you cut through the Bonneville Salt Flat crust though, what a mighty fine, tender, flavorful piece of meat. The key lime pie for dessert wasn't key to the meal, but was limey.Service was great, the waiter was on top of his game and while the overall meal wasn't top notch, Sullivans is pretty smooth. Since it's a slightly cheaper date, I hope to visit more often. I just hope next time the chef doesn't take out his pent up frustration on the salt shaker.
1	Short and not so sweet on this one.When I am picking up a check for 10 people in a location that charges a rather high amount you expect great food, great service, and a great atmosphere.Great atmosphere? 3 stars due to the lack of lightingGreat Service? 5 Stars, very professional and accomidating, and very very apologetic.Great Food? Negative 10.When I am in a dark setting (meaning low light) and I am served a "RAW" blood reddish pink piece of Pork then nothing else matters.When cooking with pork or thick chops one should be using a meat thermometer and serving at 170 degrees center point not room temperature.With this said, the staff and management did everything they could to make it right. A fluke, maybe but one that the manager will need to address with his kitchen staff.
4	As a self-proclaimed foodie I naturally get very excited when Queens Feast arrives a couple times a year. I am one of those people who peruse the menu before the week even begins and plan out exactly where I am going several days in advance. Considering many of my friends are of the vegetarian variety I was really craving a long-overdue steak. Sullivan's was convenient for its South end location, and we were able to get a nice reservation time to fit our schedule. I was impressed with the ambiance overall. It was cozy, very classy, and interesting. Photos of boxers align the walls and a large wine vault (mmm wine) displays their vast collection. We were greeted right away by very friendly staff. The Malbec I ordered was delicious - but I could see the wine list being slightly intimidating for new wine drinkers as it looked more like a novel than a list. We then received our bread which was very difficult to cut (we even heard the couple next to us say the same thing) and overly flaky but overall it tasted fresh. We decided to order the $30 Restaurant Week Menu but they had similar Summer of $69 (for two) menu that seemed to be a great deal as well. I started with just a classic Caesar salad (I have a thing for them) which tasted good but definitely wasn't anything super amazing. Next, I had the Filet with Horseradish Mashed Potatoes and Green Beans. The steak and beans were cooked wonderfully but I felt the potatoes could have used a little bit more of the Horseradish flavor. Overall the dish was excellent and definitely satisfied my hunger for a steak! Finally my date and I shared our two desserts Banana Foster Bread Pudding (WOW!) and the Chocolate Mousse. Both were very good but the Bread Pudding was a stand-out. I want to try some other steakhouses in the area since Charlotte has a plethora of them but I would definitely recommend Sullivan's - it was very good!
3	i hate to write a mediocre review about one of my favorite places in charlotte but here goes. i went to sullivans last night for probably the 20th time in my life and its was just so so. i ordered the cowboy ribeye medium rare to the rare side and they FN over cooked it, just a little but not enough for me to send it back, I HATE SENDING FOOD BACK but was very close to doing so. the comp wedge salad was swimming in dressing and was not the crispest lettuce I have ever had. we also brought an extraordinary bottle of wine and they corkage fee, which im cool paying, seemed to double since i was last there, $25 is not a rip off but a little much at the same time and im not a cheap person. our waiter was nice but nothing special, what happen to the energetic fun bubbly girls they used to have, i saw a few but they didnt serve us. i had to ask for bread, clear my own extra place setting....im really not a complainer and hate to write this review about a place that over the years has brought me absolute food and booze bliss but i feel compelled to review and really like yelp...trying to build my street cred here. im going to go back for sure but hope its better next time. oh yeah, they nailed my dirty goose martini with blue cheese stuffed olives....and the water was good, onion rings too Lastly they did buy myself and my dad both dessert but thats bc it was our birthdays and both the key lime pie and creme brulee were stellar like i said, im going to go back
5	This is my #3 steakhouse in Charlotte and yes, for me, it's still 5 stars. You might say I've never been to a steakhouse I didn't like, but that would not be true, as there are a few out there. Sullivans has a great bar area w/music and a cool outdoor patio open year round. Can't beat the specials on Thursday & Sunday nights. Sunday they do their $30 3-course meal along with $5 Knockout Martini, which is similar to the stoli-doli at Cap Grille. Same drink special on Thursday with cheap bar bites. The menu is awesome and the wine list extensive. I always order the filet and onion rings...yep, great combo. Wine or scotch...or both?! Great for special occasions or just a late meal. Try it on a Sunday...always busy after Panthers games.
1	DO NOT EVER GO TO THEIR THURSDAY HAPPY HOUR IT SUCKS (PERIOD)...actually let me elaborate; the service is miserable and I wasn't ordering from their cheapo menu, bought a $50 app and had to grab my own FN silverware...this place is going downhill fast.  sucks i used to love sullivans but am having doubts about ever going back
5	They day to go is on Thursday.  You will see more of a younger, professional crowd late 20' s to 40's +. Nice mixture of people.  I ordered the blue cheese balls ($5.00), Tavern Sliced Steak ($5.00) and a cucumber martini ($5.00). The cucumber martini was excellent.  I only needed 1 but somehow ordered 3. Delish! If you arriveat 5 -you can get a nice spot at the bar.  Parking is right outside with plenty of spots. I will go back. Very chill and friendly vibe.
4	Visited during restaurant week, (on a Sunday) and was happy with quality and quantity of food, special thanks to the $30 prix fixe menu. The service was top notch, as was the atmosphere. Two minor flaws kept me from giving a 5 star rating: Too much peppery seasoning on the NY Strip, which was of excellent quality and could have stood on its own - and the failure of the bartender to mention the $5 martini specials when as asked about them. (We found out during our meal from our waiter) All things considered, a great experience, and we will be back!
4	Sullivan's I like you. I think we'll always be friends with benefits and maybe even date, but I don't want to marry you and commit to you and only you for the rest of my life. There are just other steakhouses that mean a whole lot to me. I hope you understand.Sullivan's is like a good friend to me - consistent, present and convenient. The steak and sides have always been solid and the patio is perfection on a warm spring evening. The staff is typically friendly and efficient - even when things get pretty hairy on a Thursday or Sunday evening when the major specials are available. Which leads me to those specials...as Todd W mentioned - Thursday offers $5 Knockout martinis and bar bites while Sunday typically offers a $30 per person three course meal. The Knockout martini is my jam, friends. This pineapple-y, vodka with a touch of orange concoction is my personal nectar from the gods. Get one or four...and find a designated driver. The dining room is much quieter so if you're looking for a romantic or focused business evening, make a reservation. I fully appreciate Sullivan's consistency and the South End location doesn't disappoint. Thanks, friend.
4	We've been to Sullivan's 5 times.  The first time was fantastic and full price.The second time was Restaurant week.The 3rd, 4th, and 5th was for their Sunday Prime Time special for various occasions.First thing I have to say is AVOID RESTAURANT WEEK.  They're way over crowded, the menu is limited, and you're going to wait.Second thing... DEFINITELY hit their Sunday Prime Time Special.  For $32, you get twice the selection as restaurant week, and the food is prepared fresh.Third... get the Bananas Foster Bread Pudding for dessert.  It's awesome.  Fourth... highly recommend Renee as a server.  She was attentive, friendly, helpful, and on top of things.  So in conclusion... 5 stars for Renee, the Sunday Prime Time Special & the bread pudding.2 stars for restaurant week (and take any reviews written during restaurant week with a grain of salt).
5	This is a great all around place. I love the dining room because everything is delicious but my favorite is the bar.I like to go there since they have a great Happy Hour menu between 5-7 nightly and all night on Thursday. The menu includes sliced steak, salmon and a killer hamburger. The staff is always fantasic and friendly. I like to eat at the bar and on nights when it isn't too busy the bartender will keep me company. If you don't mind sweet girly drinks, you have to try The Knockout Martini. It's a fantastic blend of pineapple and vodka and 1 or 2 will do the trick. On Thursdays the Knockout Martinis and select red/white wine is $5. That's a great deal.If you are looking for a good Sunday deal, eat in the bar from the Sunday Prime Time menu. You get a full meal with dessert for a reasonable price. During Queen's Feast Week they also do a great meal for $30 but that tends to get so packed you may have to wait for a later seating. I would recommend going earlier when the restaurant starts serving and eating in the bar. I've never had a problem getting dinner there on nights other than Thursday. Thursday is their specials night and tends to become more of a "Singles Bar" feel. Every night except Sunday there is live Jazz in the bar. I can't help but love this place!
4	Good food, drinks and atmosphere. The Knock out pineapple martinis are amazing as well as their wedge and the scallops. The happy hour is great for afterwork get togethers. And don't miss out on sitting on the patio when its a nice night out.
2	Let me get to the point. This steak house is ok. We have other steak houses in Charlotte. Chris, Morton, Capitol,  Frisco, Palm and Outback. If you're searching for a good steak?
4	I went to Sullivan's Steakhouse during restaurant week in Charlotte. I have to say the really do give you your $30 worth of food, unlike some other steak houses with the similar promotion. I had the Cesar salad which was just what a Cesar salad should be. For the main course of coarse I had the fillet, that was cooked to perfection, dessert was the banana's foster bread pudding (worth going back for just that), Our Waitress was wonderful. All the girls ordered a glass of wine and they were out of two of the options. The waitress came back with similar wines and charged the same price for the glasses. She also told them if they wanted something different to ask. This was a great move on her part, no one was without a drink the whole meal! Overall great place, not sure about the regular prices, but $30 was perfect for me!
5	Sullivan's is Great.  I like the dark setting and the boxing decor.  This was probably my fourth time here and I just noticed a serious old school boxing championship belt on the wall near the hostess podium.  Pretty sweet.  Anyway, we went last Sat night and we were seated fairly quickly (with reservations).  We were celebrating a birthday and it appeared there were about 2 or 3 other birthday's going on that night as well so it was full of large groups.  Not a problem.They were doing the restaurant week menu and everyone opted for that.  I had the "Steak and Potatoes" option.  Medium rare.   The steak came out nicely and they chilled a red wine for us that someone at our table had specifically asked for. Seasonings were good on the food and good char on the steak.  The dessert options were limited for Restaurant week, but the chocolate mousse was a nice finish.  The server was friendly and attentive.  Although there is one woman who is my favorite.  Cant remember her name.  She is on the top section.  The service was not too slow and they did not rush us either.  Even though we end up spending about two hours there.  I still really like Del Friscos even though it is overpriced, but I think Sullivans may have won me over.
5	This is probably close to being, if not my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. The decor sort of has that art deco, 1930's feel to it. I have dined here three or four times and also stopped in for dessert and a drink. Thursday night they usually have a jazz band. They also have a decent, very affordable bar/late night menu. For dinner I have had their steak, crab legs and sea bass which have all been excellent. We weren't able to get in anywhere around here (Lake Norman area) for restaurant week last year at the last minute so we made reservations for Sullivan's and drove right down. I also enjoyed their chocolate covered strawberries at the bar around Valentine's Day. As far as drinks go they make great martini's and have a decent wine selection.
5	Good food, great service.  I will be back.
4	When I first went to Sullivan's 10+ years ago, I treated it as an upscale "I need to dress to impress" steakhouse. The second time I went (last year, thinking the same way), I had my boyfriend dress up. Well, when we got there, people had on shorts & flip-flops! Ah well, I digress...The steaks are yummy & the a la carte sides are delicious. I went with the caesar salad, filet mignon, creamy horseradish mashed potatoes & green beans. My bf got filet mignon, creamed spinach & the same mashed potatoes. So delightful!The staff is very attentive, the restrooms & restaurant are clean.The bar out front is very relaxed & I love that they have jazz sometimes.  The patio is nice, as well.Sullivan's is quite pricey, so I have to reserve it only for special occasions.
1	I will NEVER go there for Thursday Happy Hour again.  This used to be one of my favorite spots to meet up with friends.  From the staff that was difficult in working with a group of 10 to the rude patrons that keep coming up to us to get our table- total disappointment!!
3	I've been to fine establishments but this was nothing special and WAY OVERPRICED.  They nickel and dime you for everything.  For the Bearnaise sauce on the steak ....$3 ..... a diet coke .......$3.50 and so on and so forth.  The steak was good but nothing that I couldn't get somewhere else for less.  We didn't get out of there for less than $130 and that is just plain ridiculous!  That left a bad taste in my mouth.  Yes, I knew to expect pricey but it wasn't that worthy.  I will choose other places in the future.
4	Our reserved table was ready when we arrived. Seated immediately, server approached us with a big welcome, ice water poured within 3 minutes. Drinks/bread/entrees all served quickly. Both of our steaks were a bit overcooked. Our server Lynn, as well as the manager offered us new filets but we declined because they were still delicious. Received a free dessert to make up for the filets. Excellent customer service, delicious food. Beautiful ambiance. Can't wait to go again.
5	We love going to Sullivan's.  I have been to the one in King of Prussia, PA (1) in Chicago (1) and the one in Charlotte (6).  We love jazz and this is the best place in Charlotte we have found to check it out, even better than Blue.  We like that we can go eat formal in the main dining area or take advantage of the happy hour and bar menu hanging out listening to jazz all night.  We have been there 6 times in 2011 and plan to go at least 1 Saturday per month moving fwd.  Considering it is close to an hour from our house, you can tell that we enjoy going to Sullivan's.Service is great.  Jazz is great.  The food is an 8 out of 10.  Fairly pricey and you get more or less what you would expect.  We take friends with us about 50% of the time and they have all loved going and talk about it afterwards.
5	I have only been to this restaurant for the happy hour. It's wonderful! Flavorful, strong drinks and very flavorful food. The live jazz and dim lighting make for a great ambiance.
3	First off I've been to Sullivan's a hundred times in Raleigh and a couple times at this location in Charlotte.  I don't know what it is but I guess I just pick the worst nights to come here.   The first time they told me it would be a 45 min wait and I waited 2 hours before I was seated just to find out they were basically out of everything on the menu.  I actually banned coming back until I was invited here for a Christmas dinner this year.  I know this is a very busy time a year in the restaurant business but when you pay this much for food - I expect 1.)  Appetizers to not take 45 min to come out & be cold2.) Waiter to not throw away our leftovers after we have asked for a box3.) When the man at the table already seems annoyed by your service and then you persist on throwing the dessert menu in his face (let's just say not a good move on your part) *he is paying the billIt sucks because I really like Sullivans steak and in Raleigh I have always been happy with my food and service.
3	We live very close to Sullivan's and have eaten there on numerous occasions. Some have been amazing and some not so great. In the past few years' we've made it a tradition to visit on Christmas Eve to 'treat' ourselves to a night out before the busyness of the next day rolls around.This year we were happy to see they were not very busy even tho we were told on the phone they wouldn't be able to serve us. It's always me, my significant other and a single friend with whom we share our holiday eve with. We sat in the bar; the service was phenomenal. We thought the bill was pricey even with a $25 gift card, but we were cool with it. We all shared the Calamari which was wonderful. My SO and I shared the filet/lobster tail entree, both of which were not very tasty. The lobster tail was so bland and came without butter. Our friend enjoyed his ribeye. We shared two vegetable sides, mushrooms and garlic mashed potatoes. The shrooms were average and the mashed potatoes were flavorless.Coming away, we feel as if the quality/flavor of the food has really declined since our last visit and I felt a need to leave this message here.We love our neighborhood spot and our holiday tradition, but not sure if we'll change it up next year or not.
5	Sullivans is a classic - excellent food and superior service, anytime but restaurant week.
5	Great place to eat! I love that it is located right out of the city so I don't have to mess with parking uptown. My favorite thing to do is come on a Thursday night for $6 bar food and drinks and then take the lightrail to the Common Market in South End or all the way into town for shows and games. You can also host private events here! They make it really easy to do. Highly recommended!
5	Great food, drink, and environment. Try the steak with the goat cheese on top. Best days to go are Thurs & Sunday for $6 martinis and bar bites.
4	YUM! I know this place is a chain, but it was so friggin good.  Luckily my boss took me here ( hello open credit card), and it couldn't have been a better experience.  We had the seafood platter and calamari to start.  Both were excellent.  Now lets get to the bulk, the steaks. I had a 12 oz filet which was a great cut of meat.  I asked for medium and they cooked it perfectly.  The perfect amount of pink on the inside. My other coworker got the 22oz cowboy cut which was just absurd.  His skinny butt somehow finished the whole thing.  Beyond this, the service was outstanding. Pros:everything you could wantCons:A bit pricey, but hey you get what you pay for. Plates are about $35-$55.
5	We went to Sullivans about a year ago on Mothers day. The service was prompt and the food was great.  Sullivans has become my favorite steak restaurant in charlotte.  They have the best Fillet I have ever had in any steak house.  I have also heard people rave about their fried lobster.  I will definitly go back and I heard it is Restaurant week prices every Sunday.
1	At first I was excited to see a local volunteer group scheduled our social for this location.  I left hungry and annoyed.The good: nice bar area, they had a great duo or trio playing a stand up bass and nice music. The bad: we ordered from the bar menu, which had good prices and seemed like a good idea.  It was not.  I ordered the "best burger in Charlotte" which turned out to be a seriously salty, dry, hard burger.  I ate a few bites thinking it might get better.  It didn't.  The home-made chips were not salty at all, cold, and tasted like they were cooked in old oil.  Not pleasant.  My friend ordered a "steak" dish which looked completely unappetizing and she said was just about all gristle.  I won't go back and would not recommend this restaurant.
5	I personally don't think you can find better steak in Charlotte.  I've been to Capital Grill and found it overrated.  For great true quality, I always go to Sullivan's.  They have the best Ahi Seared Tuna, Blue Cheese Wedge, Steaks and some phenomenal desserts.  We tend to get the Filets but sometime is go for the Cowboy Bone-In Ribeye.  I highly recommend the Gorgonzola Butter on top of either!  Sometimes they put too much but it's an easy topping to rake off if you prefer small amounts.  Also, the sides... I had the Cream Corn this weekend for the first time and it was crazy good.  I love the Baked Potato with some fresh chopped bacon.  You get so used to the basics with that side... but to have it done right really makes you realize what you have missed in it.  It's fantastic.  Sometimes we can get the Souffle but often get the Brownie.  It's 'souffle like' with it's baking dish and is always moist.  Just remember to save some of that red wine to have with this dessert!  To those who left 1 Star : I challenge you to actually go and experience Sullivan's for what they are known for.  It's hard to go in and judge a restaurant based on their lowest priced menu and trying to get out on $20.  Experience it for what they specialize in.  A bar menu is meant to be that... it's a bar menu.
3	Warm and appealing restaurant. The drinks were good. (order the lemon blueberry martini!) Odd choice of background music, though. Not that I don't love me some 60s Motown; just strange having James Brown screeching in the background of a somewhat upscale chain restaurant. The food was okay. I ordered the filet; it was well past the medium I requested and, to my taste, everything seemed extremely salty, including the horseradish mashed potatoes and the mushroom caps. The server was quite attentive, almost a little too much so; it was hard to carry on a conversation. But I guess that's quibbling and better than having to hunt down your server. As someone mentioned, the banana bread pudding was to die for.
5	The food was excellent as usual at Sullivan's. The filet medallions were great and the bone in ribeye excellent. The banana foster bread pudding was the perfect dessert. Alex our server was very attentive. The manager Stephanie went out of her way to make party feel at home.
5	I contacted Sullivan's ahead of time to let them know I would be proposing.  They went out of their way to save us a choice table!  The manager came out to personally congratulate and give us free champaign and dessert.  Now to the food review.  WOW!  The filet was incredibly tender, juicy, and delicious.  They did a magnificent job of giving the filet just enough seasoning to still allow the flavor of the steak itself to shine through.  The sides and dessert were to die for.  We loved the atmosphere and decor!  What a romantic place to go for an excellent dinner.  Don't forget to leave the kids at home ;)
4	Yay! I'm a fan. Great salmon! Nice atmosphere. Wouldn't recommend this place for a lunch destination. A little on the slow side.
3	Previously, I have only been to Sullivan's to hang out in the cocktail area & order from the bar menu, but this review is for dinner in the dining room.  Now, generally, when I get to pick the place, my first choice would NOT be a chain restuarant, even an upscale one.  But, as it turns out, we had a gift card that could be used at either Del Frisco's or Sullivans. So, I went online to research menus ahead of time. Based on the menu (specifically the Ahi Tuna steak entree) I decided that we should go to Sullivans.    Needless to say, I was SUPER DISAPPOINTED to learn that they were out of Ahi tuna since that was the whole reason I decided to opt for Sullivans.  BUMMER!!  (I could see a smaller locally owned place running out of a popular menu item, but a huge corporate chain like Sullivans should have a better idea from their POS system about how much of certain items to keep on hand in the restarurant at any given time.)  So, I purused the menu to explore my options...sadly for those who don't eat steak (like me), the rest of the seafood or poultry options were not really exciting.  Oh well, c'est la vie.But, as a small consolation prize, they had the Knockout martini on special for $6 (which normally is around $12)... so I started with that.  The knockout is made of clementine vodka that has fresh pineapple steeping in it for at least a week.   It was somewhat sweet, but not cloyingly so. I enjoyed it very much. 4.5 stars. I decided to opt for one of the Sunday Prime-time specials.  For $34 a person, you can select one item from each of the following categories (however, beware, they have fairly limited options in each category):  (1.) Salad or soup,  (2.) An entree, (3.) A side dish, and  (4.) Dessert.To go with my entree, I ordered with a glass of Sauvignon Blanc.  For $8, I got a fairly generous pour of an ok wine. 3 stars. I started with the wedge salad.  3.5 stars.  The salad was huge and slathered with lots of bleu cheese dressing and a little finely chopped tomato. (At least they aren't one of those restaraurants that feels compelled to automatically throw bacon on everything.  I was glad this salad comes without.)For my entree, I went with the salmon w/buerre blanc sauce.  The salmon was a decent size and thankfully was not overcooked. The sauce wouldn't have been my first choice if there were other options, but it tasted fine.  Overall, I would give this item 4 stars. The side dishes on the special menu are very limited, and unfortuantely didn't include asparagus.  So, I went with the only other green option, the creamed spinach.  This dish was loaded with parmesan cheese and cream. It was ok, but I couldn't eat much of it because it was way too rich. 3 stars. The dessert was fairly disappointing from my standpoint.  I love a good bread pudding, so I was excited about trying the Bannas Foster bread pudding.  This was made in individual ramekins and had a couple of slices of bananas in it.  It was also topped with ice cream, whip cream, and a drizzle of what looked like a carmel sauce.  Sadly, it was not very flavorful and the bread pudding had almost a rubbery texture. 2 stars.  David also got the wedge salad and chose the filet mignon for his entree.  He said the steak was over-salted.  He also chose mushrooms for his side and I tasted them - they were also a little over-salted. I couldn't eat more than a couple of these. For his dessert, he got the cheesecake to take home, since our server told us that we might want to split one dessert in house and take the other one to go (this  was a good suggestion because otherwise, it would be way too much!)  He also ordered a Highland Oatmeal Porter to go with his steak. Our server was nice, but the service was only ok - not great. One small thing we noticed is that some tables had bread served to them and some (like ours) did not.  Since this was my first time eating in the dining room at Sullivans, I don't know if you were supposed to order the bread, or if the server just forgot to bring it.  (Not a huge deal, but it would have been a nice touch.)   Another small thing I noticed was no manager going around the dining room to greet patrons. Overall, I was just not impressed given that our total bill came to $94 before tip.   I would come back here to meet friends for cocktails & casual bites from the bar menu, but I would not come back for a full-fledged dinner.  There are just too many other great restaurants in Charlotte to choose from at this price point.
3	Went for restaurant week this past summer. Food was good. Menu options were also good. Service was average, at one point a bus boy dragged a trash can right through the restaurant. Expected better brig a del friscos sister restaurant, but overall average. Good wine list.
4	Dropping Sullivan's down to 4 stars, rather than 5, because one of (if not their best) attribute was their wide selection of drink specials on Thursday and Sunday.  They increased the price of the specials and reduced it to only 1 drink.Still a good restaurant, but the value is no longer as high.
1	This is my second review of Sullivan's. Last night we walked over to use a gift card issued us after our last unfortunate visit, Christmas Eve 2011.We were going to what was to be a 'party' with drink specials and bar bites. Mostly what we found was 1/2 glass or inconsistent wine pours and no bar bites. We ordered a flatbread off the bar menu that came out cold and uncooked. As it turned out, the manager returned our gift card because it took so long for our food to come out. The people sitting next to us at the bar had a 7:30 reservation for the dining room. When they arrived, they were told to wait in the bar, that it would be 8:00. It had to be closer to 8:30 before they were seated.We walked to a local favorite and had dinner as we left hungry. Why is this local landmark so disappointing. We meet a friend at Sullivan's every Christmas Eve for dinner, it's a tradition. This year we will meet somewhere else.
4	It was Charlotte Restaurant Week, so it still took us 20 minutes to be seated with a reservation... The hostess was pleasant, so it didn't put me in a bad mood... Our server was funny, attentive and knowledgeable... I love the wine list because you can order by bin number and not have to stumble your way through an order... (I can recognize a brand and a label but I am horrible at pronouncing some of the names... lol) The Caesar salad had just the right amount of dressing... I don't normally eat shrimp, but the ones that came with this NY strip steak were phenomenal... The steak itself was also very well prepared... I ordered it medium well and that is exactly how it came to the table... Just the slightest bit of pink and a nice texture... The mashed potatoes were pretty good and the vegetables were just basic... Luckily my boyf doesn't eat desserts, so I always get to try at least two for CRW... Last night's options were a Bananas Foster bread pudding and a chocolate mousse... I couldn't really get down with the bread pudding, but my friend seemed to love it... The mousse was a great way to end the meal, though!
5	Sorry to see the bad reviews. We went on December 23 and it was a great place to go for Christmas Celebration.  The seafood tower for appetizer for table was excellent. My son-in-law had lobster bisque and said it was incredible. There of us had scallops because we were having steaks at home on Christmas Eve. They were excellent. One had Delmonico and it was fantastic. Great Service we go once or twice a year.   Doesn't disappoint.
5	I decided for queens feast 2013 my friends an I would try Sullivan's .  I was blown away with the food an service .  First I started with the shrimp an lobster bisque soup lots of shrimp n lobster no holding back it was a creamy flavor that made me wanna pick the bowl up n lick it lol I ordered the 10 oz NY strip w mashed potatoes w/ broccoli an I ordered the Cabernet goat cheese butter an they gave you 2 jumbo grilled shrimp wow The steak was amazing flavor from the grill to a great cut of steak but the Cabernet goat cheese butter just melted so beautifully on top of my steak mmmm I was dragging my shrimp through the butter . As if I had any room left but than I went for desert lol I ordered the bananas foster bread pudding w ice cream oh my goodness it was so good and I'm not a bread pudding fan lol. The bread pudding was served warm n lots of bananas on it an the edges were good an crispy which I loved .  I will for sure be visiting Sullivan's again an all my friends enjoyed their meal the chicken picatta with capers amazing . If you get a chance go to Sullivan's an the staff were polite an didn't rush us.
5	We went to Sullivan's last night....our second visit. We have not been disappointed with the service or the food.We had a 6 o'clock reservation, arrived a little early, received a cheerful greeting and were seated immediately. We ordered from the Restaurant Week menu....both had the wedge salad (just as great this time as the last!) swimming in bleu cheese dressing. I will speak to the prime rib since that is what I ordered.....wow! I ordered rare, it was more to medium, but the flavor was awesome and what a thick slice! I was blown away by the Banana's Foster. Flavorful bread pudding, vanilla ice cream & a caramel sauce. Our servicer, Kim, was attentive, cheerful & helpful when I asked a couple of questions. She recommended a fantastic pinot gregio & was kind enough to write it down on a card without me asking. The serving of wine was a little short in the large wine glass. But, all in all, the service and the food were great! We are talking about going at least one Sunday a month.
3	It had been a few years since I had eaten at Sullivan's, but I recalled enjoying a great meal there for my former employer's Christmas party back in 2008.With a $50 gift card in hand, we decided to head to Sullivan's to celebrate my husband's 30th birthday.  With expectations relatively high, I have to be honest and say that we were underwhelmed (and our pockets where overwhelmed, as the high prices did not reflect the quality of our experience).We both ordered steak, which comes with a salad. We both opted for Caesar.  It was a very large portion, but lacking in flavor.  My filet was cooked properly, and the bourbon peppercorn sauce added a nice kick.  The porterhouse did not get such gleaming reviews.  The brussels sprouts were undercooked, but I have to say that the bacon pieces were delicious. The mushrooms were good, but I agree with another reviewer who said they were quite salty. And I am that person putting salt on everything, so that says something. We ordered a half bottle of Cote du Rhone, which was probably the highlight of the meal.We opted out of dessert.The service started out strong, but started to dwindle by the end. I just expect more of a high-end experience when you are dishing out $200 for dinner with no appetizer and no dessert.
3	I really expected to write a 4 star review for this place.  Let me begin by saying we decided to eat dinner here on a Thursday night.  We thought to ourselves, "oh it won't be crowded".  Wrong.  It was packed!I had the bone in KC steak and it was stupendous!  Couldn't get a better cooked steak if I tried!Where the rating starts to fall is the feeling of the place.  While the bar area seemed nice and warm and cozy.  The dining area with it's low booths and open area seating takes away from the experience in my opinion.  I want a little seclusion some times.  But all in all this place is a solid dinner choice.
3	We visited Sullivan's for dinner Saturday night and decided to start with a drink at the bar.  At 6:30 p.m., we were the only people in there... except for the jazz trio.  Now, I like jazz as much as the next person, but the bar at Sullivan's is fairly small and compact, and the music was pretty loud.  It was good but seemed a little unnecessary.  Our drinks (a dirty martini and a Cosmopolitan) were good, but not great, and were $26 together.Onto dinner!  Our waiter greeted us and kept mentioning how he'd heard how much we liked Shiraz.  Huh?  He said he'd even send over the sommelier to help us pick a good bottle.  Again, huh?  I finally had to tell him that I thought they'd mixed us up with other people because we had cocktails at the bar.  He showed me his notes from our visit three years ago (tracked through OpenTable?) when we bought a bottle of Shiraz.  Ha!  I appreciate the attention to detail, but it seemed like a little bit of overkill, especially since it'd been three years, and there isn't really an alcohol we don't like.  The fella decided to go with the $39, 3-course menu and got the shrimp cocktail, lettuce wedge and steak.  The shrimp cocktail was fine (it's really hard to mess that up) and there were fewer shrimp than with the full-price appetizer; the lettuce wedge was okay but would've been even better with bacon; and the steak.... well, for Sullivan's being a steakhouse, it was pretty bland.  It almost tasted like bologna to me.  Yikes.  On a better note, I opted for the cheesesteak egg roll appetizer, which was delicious, and the chicken piccata entree, which was tender, moist, and seasoned perfectly.  We each got a glass of wine - not Shiraz! - and our waiter had some good suggestions on those.I really wanted to have a great experience at Sullivan's, but for the price, there are much better steakhouses in Charlotte.  Bummer.
3	Get to the Chase:Pros:1) Some dishes were amazing like the sea bass and bok choy with a soy glaze2) Service is top notch3) Very large room with plenty of spaceCons:1) What pretends to be a swanky and posh restaurant, fails to deliver in the same level of quality in its food (ahi tuna was limp and mushy, had 3 different meat dishes but all tasted the same and were over-seasoned)2) The restaurant is a clash between casual and dress-up...leaving you feeling a bit underwhelmed in a stuffy environment3) Hosts at the reception lack the attention to detail and are too pre-occupied with whatever they're doing to notice when people walking into cloak rooms with the intention of the bathroom4) Definitely expensive....$350 meal with 4 entrees, 2 appetizers, 1 dessert and a bottle of wine split between 4 peopleOverall, a hit or miss. Great potential, some winning dishes, but overall not worth the money they demand.
1	My husband and I went there for dinner. It was recommended by the hotel. I personally don't like the fact hat you have to purchase everything separately. I expected he food to be much better than it was for the prices. Staff was not very friendly.  Expect more from a place that is suppose to be high end
4	YUM-ME! The steaks at this place are pretty awesome. I ordered the steak and lobster tail and got pretty full. Their specialty drinks are awesome. My friend ordered a couple of side dishes, but I was too full to eat any of them.
5	My go to place in Charlotte. I think it is the best steak in town. The lounge area is well done and the bar menu is fantastic if you're not in the mood for a massive meal. Always a pleasant crowd and the service is excellent.
5	I took 3 of my coworkers here for dinner.  It was simply excellent and the service exceeded expectations.  No stuffy wait staff either.  The hostesses could act a little more interested.Everything we had was excellent...Shrimp Cocktail - excellent, huge, cocktail sauce so delish.Caesar Salad - fresh, crisp, very tasty dressing but not overpowering.Bread - warm, fresh, had to fight over last pieceWine - excellent selection. I am not a connoisseur by any stretch but its a great offering.Steak - of course, the steak... cooked to perfection and oh so amazing.  I ordered the filet.  Wow!I skipped dessert.  Who has room after all the other stuff!I did have a coffee.  It was well brewed, served hot.About a week after my visit, I received a thank you card in the mail from our server and she remembered a couple of things about our conversation - like my recent visit to Switzerland.A few days after that, I got a thank you card from one of the managers.  What a nice touch.
4	Dress nice when you come for dinner there is a bar area in case you feel a little under dressed. The steak is amazing here and I always choose to add the goat cheese butter to the top of my medium Rare steak because I feel like it was sent from heaven! The Oysters Rockefeller is good but one serving is never enough for me. The wine menu is extensive and in my opinion I don't like the pineapple martinis (never have) but the bartender here knows how to make an awesome mojito which in this town seems difficult.
4	I have eaten here 4 or 5 times when in town. The food and service are always very good and I have never had a bad meal here. The steak is always cooked perfectly and has good flavor. The mac and cheese and various vegetable sides are always good. The potatoes can be salty at times but still decent.The atmosphere is pretty good although the dining room is a bit crowded at times. The service has been attentive and pleasant each time without having the kind of snobbishness you sometimes encounter at a good steakhouse. They have been genuinely fun and helpful every time.I have had better steaks but Sullivan's has been consistently very good and I would recommend it to anyone looking for steak in Charlotte.
4	Went for a work event and was impressed witht he level of service and quality of food. I know with a large group (over 20) it can be hard on the server/kitchen but not here. All the food was fresh, delishious and came out at perfect temps. I had the roasted chicken which was very tender/moist and well seasoned with the mashed potatoes, equally as good and green beans. I would go back and eat again on my own based on this experience with the large group.
4	I've always enjoyed the food here. Went there last Saturday evening with the wife for a work function. Love the atmosphere at the bar, and make sure you order their house-made pineapple infused vodka. We ordered several apps for the table: calamari, ahi tuna, ravioli, egg rolls. The egg rolls are the star of that line-up, but all were really good. I usually order the chipotle ribeye, but this time I decided to go for the seafood duo of sea bass and scallops. Perfectly prepared over book choy, with a ridiculous sauce! It was a good choice. My wife had the rock crab claws. They came cracked, but it seemed like they just banged them with a hammer before sending them out as there were tiny shell pieces all through the meat. They were too much work for my tastes! Sides were also ordered for the table: scalloped potatoes, 3 cheeses mac & cheese, asparagus, and brussel sprouts---YES, brussel sprouts. They were absolutely criminal, and should be re-named bacon with brussel sprouts! They, along with the mac & cheese, were the best sides of the night. Good overall experience as usual.
5	The best and most elegant of all the pricy steakhouses. Definitely worth a try for Restaurant Week.
3	I took my parents for restaurant week, as they just moved to the area. We waited 45 minutes for a table, even with a reservation. Our meals were good but our waiter was for some reason short and somewhat curt with us (my friend dining with us used the word "snarky," which is also fitting). It felt like he didn't really want to be there, and certainly not serving us. I wish we had gone to Capital Grille instead, I find they always treat you like royalty.
4	Was seated as soon as we got here and service was excellent as not a glass remained empty the entire time we where here. Food was excellent, fresh and hot and all was cooked the way I like it. Another plus was the fresh and strong coffee.
5	Sullivan's lives up to it's name here, for the most part. The seared ahi appetizer was very flavorful, just the right amount of spice. The meat consistency was a little off, but the abundance of flavor made up for this minor detail. The deviled eggs, while as good as a deviled egg can be, I'd not worth the $9 for four halves. French onion soup is exquisite, and the wedge salad is perhaps the best I've ever had. The bleu cheese dressing is absolutely spot on and plentiful.  Peppered strip streak, medium-rare, cooked perfectly and tastes very good. The filet, also some to perfection, was hit or miss. One tasted so-so all the way through, the other had the gristle still attached and was half decent, the other half very good. All sides very good, mac n cheese, mashed potatoes, potatoes au gratin, shrimp cocktails. Desserts tried, key lime pie, apple crumble, and cheesecake were all excellent. However, the key lime did have mixed reviews. All in all, service was impeccable, the atmosphere is just a little loud (however the place was packed), meats overall very good, and will return if in the area again. The Kansas City Sullivan's is better steak-wise; however, the 5-star is still earned here.
5	Absolutely great place for a date. Although its kind of land locked, parking is not a problem, the valet service made us feel like someone important. The ambiance was great, it was packed for Valentines day so we took a high top table in the bar. They had a jazz band (if you want to call it that, a piano player and bass guitarist) I had the filet and my date had a ribeye. Both were seasoned and cooked perfectly. Big helping for side items. Desserts are standard fare but very well done. One of the best meals I've had in a while. Highly recommend this spot!
3	We took my step daughter there for her 13th birthday as we wanted to take her somewhere nice and she wanted steak but we didn't want to drop a "Del Friscos" amount of money...the over all ambiance was nothing great , way too brightly lit for an evening dinner and the fact you have no choice but to valet park and They park your car right outside the door is a little much but I understand uptown parking can be an issue so no big deal there . Our server was nice, my finance's steak was more rare than medium so we did have to send that back and when I ordered my 2nd glass of wine the server came over and poured what was left of my old glass Into my fresh glass, which is a huge etiquette "no,no" especially at $15 a glass...  It was a nice treat and we like to try someone new every time we go out but I doubt we will going there again.
2	This place has really gone downhill. Ate there last friday. Waitress had no clue about menu. Could not ring drinks in properly. Food was okay but service was below mediocre
4	Not a fan of chains but I had been wanting to go here for a while to try the steak.  The food is good but the service you get here is top notch. Great place to celebrate an event such as a birthday or promotion - just make sure someone else picks up the tab...wink wink.
5	We have eaten here several times and this is easily one of favorite steakhouses! Top three! I have ordered something different each time and cannot complain about anything. The martinis are great and the wine lost extensive. If you haven't been, you are missing out! Go ASAP.
3	I have to admit I only like this place on Wed. & Thurs. for their happy hour specials. I can get some great martinis for half price while having a cheap nosh too. The jazz music is always wonderful to relax out to (bit louder inside than out on the patio).My one small complaint is the uniforms for the women are just awful! Being an upscale steakhouse one should not have women or any shape or size wearing short mini skirts with whatever black hose/fishnets/leggings/etc that they want. It makes this place go a bit down in class for me .Had din din here one or two times...not bad, but not the best either. Would choose quite a few other steakhouses to have an elegant din. All in all like I said the happy hour is well worth it!
5	Fabulous food. Fabulous service! Best steak in Charlotte. The Cowboy cut steak is to die for.Highly recommend.
2	Visited Sullivan's last week for my father's birthday and was very disappointed. Walking in, I noticed that the hostess outfits were a little provocative given the size and shape of the women. Definitely off-putting, especially the fishnets. However, after being seated we were greeted promptly and the server was great about going over the menu, features and mentioning that there were $8 drinks (it was a Thursday). My mother ordered a Pinot Grigio, I ordered a Sauvignon blanc and my dad had the knockout (which he loved!) My mother and I opted for the prix-fixe menu as it had some great options for the price point. I had their shrimp cocktail and she had the calamari, which were both just all right. Our next course was the Caesar salad, which I really did not care for. It literally tasted like grass. There was no flavor and the dressing, while coating the entire salad generously was very bland. We also both had the filet with mashed potatoes and borderlaise. Mine was cooked perfectly (med+) and a great surprise given the appetizer and salad courses. My mother's however, was way overdone. It came out at a well temperature. My father, who was the sole point of our visit and the one we hoped to impress most, started with the crab cake app which he seemed to enjoy. His entree entailed the lobster tail and steak. The lobster coming out undercooked while the steak came out well done. Very disappointing! He was too nice to send it back. He also ordered the Mac and cheese side, which was to die for. I could live off of it! We chose not to have dessert there as we had made a special trip to our fav bakery for his birthday dessert and were ready to get out of there given our experience and time spent there already. All in all, we probably will not revisit or recommend Sullivan's, sadly.
5	Went this past Friday during Queens Feast and it was amazing. My gorgeous date and I made reservations for 8.30 but had to push them back 15 mins. When we got there valet was prompt as we walked to the front desk they said the wait will be shortly. We grabbed cocktails at the bar, which they were excellent "pours", we then waited a little longer. The staff and the managers kept updating us on the wait. They finally had out table ready after 20 mins. They sat us down and the manger told our waiter "Bob"(who is awesome btw) to get us a appetizer on the house for waiting so long. The food was amazing, the service was excellent. I totally recommend Sullivan's as the perfect date night spot.
5	Great service! They were very nice! My steak wasn't fully cooked how I asked and without me even saying anything a lady who might have been the manager walked over and asked me about my steak and if it's the color I wanted. I was honest but very nice about it saying i'll heat it up and have it for lunch the next day. She insisted on bringing me a new one. I declined. Ten minutes later she comes out with a whole new steak and sides and offers to box up mine for me. She assured me how she wants me to be fully happy and satisfied right then and there. Such exceptional customer service, It was also my anniversary and my waiter brought out free dessert which was so sweet and thoughtful. Love this place and I'm a regular especially for happy hour and take out!
3	My review is only for the bar area. We did not eat in the restaurant.Went here to listen to the jazz quartet and have dessert after a day out.Dessert (I had the cheesecake, my companion had the chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream) was really good.We had coffee and water to wash our sweets down.Our waitresses (we somehow ended up with two) were great. They both checked on us often enough and kept our drinks refilled as necessary.We wanted to sit where we could see AND hear the musicians so we sat near the bar at a tall table, close to the patio area.Great seats except that a slight smell of smoke wafted in continuously during our visit. The quartet was fantastic. Great classic jazz, uptempo as well as laid back sounds. I think they're in the wrong time slot as well as a bad location in the venue. They are set up in a back corner area of the bar area, where I assume seating was removed. It does appear the only location for them to set up comfortably.However, because there are tv's in the bar and most of the seating in the area has patrons' backs toward the musicians, it doesn't seem likely that the quartet is getting enough visual or audio notice from the crowd.The majority of the folk I observed in the time we were there (until 10 p.m., the same time the live music ends), seemed to be mid-30s. The folk who might enjoy the music seemed to gravitate toward the bar area around the time the group was packing up to leave.Shame.As a previous reviewer noted, the attire of the ladies working at the location is a bit short and tight (and the fishnets give them an air of "Las Vegas showgirl", in my mind) but it all fits the pseudo-upscale vibe I got from the place overall.I don't usually frequent the south end area but if I'm in the area on a night the musicians are there, I'll drop in for dessert again.
1	Went for lunch with coworkers. Not the best experience. A little pushy with their service and food. Needed many water refills because they just kept adding more ice to my cup than water. Ordered the fish tacos and immediately after the first bite my stomach was rumbling. Coworker also felt that their salad was overdressed and did look too heavy. Another coworker complained about the steak not being cooked right. I did not try the desert because my stomach was still not happy with my entree so I couldn't tell you how the desert tasted. The table was not an even surface, but of course was draped nicely in white cloth to cover, so I had to constantly adjust my glass on the table so it wouldn't spill. The chairs were too heavy and took up too much space. Music in bathroom was too loud. Location is inconvenient to pull out from.  Overpriced and overrated. I will not return and will not recommend.
3	Went for dinner last night, first time since the remodel. The bar area seemed nicer but I have to admit I preferred the charm the restaurant had before. My wife had the Filet it was tasty. I had Lobster tails they were also yummy. 1 thing I found weird was the clarified butter was real thick (not typical) I did not care for it. Our server was sort of an odd older gentleman. He did do his best, but sort or Over pushed a bottle of wine...it was pretty funny. All in all the visit was fine but not sure it was worth the money with so many other choices.
5	Great food! Great service! Great atmosphere! Three things I look for when I am heading out for dinner. April is the waitress to ask for. She works in the bar area and will make sure you dining experience is second to none.
5	I frequent this place a lot. The filet will melt in your mouth!!! Great place for an anniversary dinner or other special occasions.  Staff is always professional and on the spot.  Might be a tad bit pricey for most people but well worth it.
5	Amazing all around dining experience. Staff was knowledgable about the food and very friendly. Best steak I have had in a long time, plus Mac & cheese with lobster side was outstanding. I will definitely return!
4	Great service and good food. Loved the cheesesteak egg rolls, iceberg salad and ribeye! We tried all sides and they were equally yummy. Especially the mushrooms ! Our table setup was angled oddly, but we made it work.
4	I had booked on OpenTable and when I arrived on time, we were immediately seated to a table even though there were others waiting near the hostess stand. Awesome.Looking over the menu, I had made my decision from the rather expensive listing of steaks and side dishes. That changed when our waiter - Matt, who was awesome - went over the evening's specials. Suddenly, the idea of a trio of small filet mignons was what I wanted and each with a different topping/sauce. Massive wine list but only a small list of beers and an even smaller list of local beers. In fact, just one. OMB Copper. All three of us started with the wedge salads. These were good portions with plenty of blue cheese to go with the lettuce and chopped tomatoes. Not a bad deal for $4!When they arrived, the steaks looked perfect. Three small filets, each in a different sauce. The first two, a bearnaise and an Oscar, I enjoyed thoroughly. Perfectly cooked and with the right amount of sauce on top. But by the time I had cut into the third one, it was no longer quite so perfect. More overdone than I ordered and a bit of a tougher cut, especially since the first two were so good. Bummer.For dessert, I let Matt talk me into the bread pudding. It was... fair. Just not that great with not enough taste and some of the topping was over done. I wouldn't have this again.On the pros list, no wait for a seat when we had a reservation, excellent service from Matt, a local beer choice, great salad, and great steaks.On the cons list, the booth was a bit too tight for the three of us to sit comfortably. Perhaps another inch or two, please? Only one choice for a local beer. Most of the steaks were great and the dessert was only fair.Complimentary valet parking is nice, as there is not much street parking nearby.Sullivan's is a higher-end steak joint and works hard to earn that high dollar menu.
4	Sullivans has won me back. We went for Christmas Eve.  The only problem was the reservation wasn't in the system but they got us in.  We got the Seafood Tower.  I had looked forward to the tower all week. I wasn't disappointed.  Crab, lobster tails, Shrimp Cocktails, and oyster were all fresh and delicious.  We had an excellent bottle of Viognier .  We all ate bacon wrapped scallops.  Yes, we ate seafood at a steak resturant because the get in fresh seafood several times a week.  We had the best service that we have ever had at Sullivan's.  I wish I could remember his name but he was originally from Ecuador.  He was attentive and gracious but not in our face.  It was a fabulous celebration for Christmas Eve.
