5	Yay! Best Tex Mex in town! We were really impressed with the atmosphere and the food at Chuy's especially considering that we were there for there practice run night.  This was the first meal served by the restaurant and we had nothing to complain about. If you don't know from my other Tex Mex reviews I deeply love Chili Rellenos and have not been able to find a decent meal of them here in Charlotte. Every restaurant that serves them here serves them soggy, not crispy like they should. Chuy's comes out with a nice fresh pepper that's coating is crispy and delicious the way it should be.Not only do they have them but they also enjoy the Hatch chili at Chuy's and celebrate the Hatch Chili Festival in August. I will no longer have to order a box from Hatch, NM. I can now go celebrate my obsession locally at Chuy's with the rest of the Hatch Chili crazies.  Once you've had them you'll understand.  For the festival and the chilis alone I would give them 5 stars, but they also really pulled off a great experience for us on a practice run night and we just loved the feel and atmosphere of the restaurant in general.  There is a great bar area for fun with friends. But, try and get a seat outside if you can. The view is very relaxing. The fountain and play area for the kids is just awesome too. They have thought of everything.
4	If you know me, you know I love free things... You know what's better, though?  When the free stuff is delicious... Apparently, Chuy's has the happiest of happy hours... Why?  From 4 until 7 on weekdays, inside their pretty, pretty locale is a trunk of a car... Inside that trunk?  Chips, queso, ground beef, refried beans and various salsas... FOR FREE... What's that you say?  Yep... In addition to their tasty drinks (which also have daily specials), they give you some delicious nacho components on the gratis tip... Love it... The chips were light, but didn't get soggy under toppings... The salsas weren't really spicy, but they have hot sauce if you want it... The ground beef had a good seasoning without being salty and the queso was super tasty... The beans tasted like refried beans... We tried the frozen and rocks version of the Chuy's Classic Sangrias and they were both delicious... Not too strong, but you knew what was in there...My favorite part, though?  Next to the nacho car is a small sink... You can wash your hands right there!  That makes my heart light... I mean, how much easier can you make it for people? Fabulous... I do think they should put a little more distance between the nacho trays and the sink, though, because they're right next to it... Maybe move the upside down salsa bowls over instead so people that don't dry their hands with the available paper products don't shake their leftover water into the nacho trays?  And add a little trash can next to the side... I had to bring my paper towel with me to the bar... Someone could have taken it to empty and forgot to bring it back, though... Overall, it was fantastic, though... I can't wait to go back and try more things here!
4	It'll be interesting to see how this restaurant fares in this location, considering the fate of its predecessors.The atmosphere is a complete 180 from what was there before. Definitely more of a family restaurant. Prices are dirt cheap. Hardly anything on the menu over $10. The drinks are served in generous portions - most are a twist on the margarita. I kinda wish they would tone down the lighting just a hair, especially in the entrance. Full blast lighting just doesn't feel warm and inviting in a restaurant.Some of the wall and ceiling treatments are pretty cool. Look up when you walk in the front door (say cheese).The service is friendly, just not overly attentive. As expected for this price point.
2	So this was my first time here and I left disappointed. I had the steak fajitas as well as the chili queso. The food was good  but nothing special. The worst part about the experience was our service. We went for lunch and the place was not busy at all.  It took almost 40 minutes from the time we order until the food hit our table. We asked one of the mangers for more sauce and he  said hold on let me find your server instead of offering to get it for us. On top of that it took almost 10 to 15 minutes to get our drinks. Service killed our experience which is unfortunate. Average food, poor service
4	Chuy's where have you been all my life!!??I'm not typically one to get all hype about a chain restaurant, especially one that has been so overly exploited and commercialized..BUT I have to say it is with great cause that Chuy's has become a household name.We had a party of 6 on Saturday night and arrived around 6:30 so as expected, we had a long wait.  The outside area has plenty of places to sit while you wait (because you WILL wait) so if it ever stops raining in Charlotte you should be  relatively comfortable while you wait to be seated.   It was an hour, not a minute more or less.  The bar area is small and it is pretty challenging to find a spot to stand without creating a major traffic jam but we found a little corner conveniently located by the salsa bar.  Naturally we helped ourselves to a basket of chips and salsa while we waited and that made everything all good.  In fact, the salsa was so good it just got me even more excited about what was yet to come.  The chips were thin and greasy but I will overlook that for now.My immediate response to the interior was "WOAH"...it was busy, it was bright, it was confusing!  There just seems to be a lot of patterns and colors going on at one time.  The layout of the restaurant seemed a little awkward and even somewhat different from Zink (restaurant there prior).  I guess in the scheme of things it doesn't matter but it just seemed like a poor use of space.  There were too many walls and random tables here and there...no method to the madness, or so it seemed.  I didn't get to check out the outside patio but I am happy they have one!Once we were sat we asked for a dip that was not offered on the front-end by our waitress.  One of my friends is currently living in Texas so he knew to ask for the verde salsa which was almost like a ranch dressing.  I am glad he was with us because otherwise they had plans on keeping me from this heavenly goodness that I very much needed!!  We all ordered something different...HUGE burritos, tacos, chalupas, quesadilla's, etc.  I ordered the soft tacos with fajita chicken which came with homemade flour tortillas, charro beans and jalapeno rice.  It was awesome!!  The tortillas were fresh and fluffy and not falling apart...The chicken was juicy and was actually a plump piece of meat as opposed to a shriveled up piece of grilled sodium.  The condiments were fresh and full of flavor.  Everything really was VERY good.I don't know how they do it but they truly set themselves apart from the traditional Mexican or tex-mex places we have around here.  They definitely gained a new fan.  I hopped right on the bandwagon with no reserve whatsoever.The only thing that concerns me is the location and the tendency for them to stay packed all the time like cowfish.  When I want a quick Mexican meal I typically want to just bum around and go walk in, get seated right away and have my food come out before I finish ordering.  But this will take some getting used to.  There will be a lot more effort and drama to get to eat here and I don't know that I would personally make the effort on a regular basis but we'll see!
4	We were able to treat ourselves to Chuy's during a "soft opening" night for the media due to my friend, Nikki, knowing everyone in town so Yay for us.  The place was packed!  They had drinks on special and I treated myself to a virgin lime frozen margarita.  NOOOO GOOOO on the virgin margarita.  It was super sour.  The food, though, was quite delicious and made up for the drink.  I had the Chuychanga with queso and YUM.  My friend had the Bang-bang sauce over chicken enchiladas and they were to-die-for.  Honestly, very good Tex Mex and for someone who has lived in Ft. Worth, TX for four years, it was nice to remind me of my years there.  Try it!
5	Once again Chuy's surpasses my expectations!!! There new location in Charlotte looks great!!! The service excellent! Our server was Erica and she was awesome!! Food as always EXCELLENT!!!!! I'm looking forward to visiting again.
5	Same comments as many already here.  ThIs place is the real deal.  We went last night.  Service was excellent... And it will only get better as they get their systems down.  I had the 9-1-1 Hot Plate, which is now just called the Chuy's Special... Same great taste as Dallas, Austin, Houston locations that I've been dining in since the 80's.  Hatch Green Chile sauce on the side was great.  Wife had tacos al carbon which were great, and son had kids beef tacos... Of which I sampled and approved.  Two things i look for that set Tex Mex wannabe's from the real deal are tortillas (corn and flour), and the beans (charro and refried).  Both are spot-on at Chuy's in Charlotte.  The flour tortillas are handmade... And you absolutely can taste the difference between handmade tortillas and those that come in a stack of 150 in a plastic bag... (On The Border, Qdoba, Moe's, Salsarita's, Taco Bell... Etc... I'm looking at you!)Very few Tex Mex establishments in Texas serve black beans.... I hear you... They may be healthier... But it just isn't part of the ingredients.  Try the charro beans when you are in Chuy's... You'll see what I mean.Anyway, ecstatic that Tex Mex has arrived in Charlotte.  As this place catches on, it is going to be crowded!
3	I'll give 3 stars because everyone was just so nice, but honestly it was just not the place for me.  House margaritas were good, and the salsa was very flavorful, but it seems like every single menu item is spicy and that doesn't work for me.  For some reason I asked after I placed my fajita order if they were spicy and was told oh yes, very!  Umm, no thanks then.  Switched to shrimp tacos, please no cilantro.  Of course they come loaded with cilantro and I have to pick it all out of the wet cabbage.  My friend got quesadilla as another less spicy option and they were served taco style, weird.  I am glad I gave it a shot but the only reason I'd be back is to have a margarita while I wait for a table at Cowfish!
3	Wow, you'd never know this was the old Zink location. Talk about a complete renovation and makeover! It's a lively spot. Be in the mood for lots of noise and bright colors when you come dine at Chuy's. Having lived in the great State of Texas, I was eager to get a little taste of my previous life. However, maybe I've acclimated to the Carolinas more than I thought because I wasn't completely knocked off my boots, er, um, feet from this place. The salsa seemed to be made with fresh ingredients, but maybe not the most tasteful. I ordered the veggie enchiladas and they were good, but not to die for. I think I went on the second day they were open. Some of my friends say I'm brave. Hey, I like to live on the edge...having said that I was very impressed with the service. Our server was very friendly, checked on us regularly, and it was seamless for being brand new.For a late night meal in the South Park area, this fits the bill. I've been known to have high expectations and the night I was there was no different. You are always harder on your own, right? And I still claim Texas as part of me...so like any good "family member," I'll have to give it another go to see if it can earn any additional stars in my book. For now, it's a solid 3 stars with plans on returning.
2	Nothing too special here. It's a great spot. Looks nice inside but it's so loud we could barely hear each other talk (may be just where we were sitting) Salsa was good and so was creamy jalepeno,  Tuesdays happy hour special was Margaritas which was a bonus but they were just OK, not too impressed with my shrimp tacos either, should be grilled and not fried. I had higher hopes for Chuys, have definitely had better and is nothing to write home about.
1	This is some of the worst Mexican food in Charlotte. Being from Colorado, I'm a little picky, but this just isn't even Tex-Mex. I had the enchilada and chalupa combo plate. The sauce on the enchilada was just plain gross. The rice was dry, the chalupa was eh, at best. And then there is the noise level in the place - LOUD! We were a table of 8 and couldn't even hear the person that was sitting across from us. Our table was basically in the aisle, so constantly having to pull our chairs in so the servers and people could get by us. Who has a seating arrangement like this?Every single one of us said we will not be back. Azteca, Don Pedro's and Paco's Taco's are much better! If you know your Mexican food, stay away!
5	Great food. I don't typically eat at chains. I have been searching for a restaurant that has an enchilada sauce close to the sauce my dad used to make me , growing up in Texas. The cheese and onion enchiladas are amazing and the ranchero sauce is so reminiscent of my Dads sauce, it was even derived in Del Rio , Texas , where my Dad was from! Most Mexican restaurants in Charlotte have a brown goopy sauce they put on everything, not here. The boom boom sauce is  also delicious on chips or rice . My husband loved the fish tacos.,I have already been twice! It is a huge restaurant, I hope they are here to stay,
2	Chuy's unfortunately does not live up to the hype. The food was just okay and didn't seem fresh at all. The fish tacos were honestly the worst fish tacos I've ever had. The appetizer sampler wasn't bad but wasn't any better than a South Blvd Mexican restaurant. Chips and salsa were good. Our server was very nice and tried really hard but I would be surprised if she had ever worked in a restaurant before. Overall not a great experience.
5	Chuy's is AWESOME!!! Guess what's even more awesome besides the food...THOMAS, one of the servers!First of all, the decor is fantastic. The hostess was perky and friendly. As mentioned before, Thomas was an incredible server. He made sure our chips were frequently refilled, gave great suggestions, and kept a genuine smile on his face. Ok, enough about the cute server. The food! It was super delicious! I got the Chuy's special which was composed of blue corn tortillas filled with roasted chicken, covered in tomatillo sauce and topped with sour cream. Delish! The side sauce of creamy jalapeno was also a great addition. I also had a frozen strawberry margarita...it was extra yummy. I'm glad Chuy's has arrived. The place is massive, and while I LOVE Cowfish, having Chuy's right beside it as a marvelous alternative is pretty sweet. Not that Chuy's is just an alternative to Cowfish... Ok, what are you waiting for? Go! Go! Go!
1	Chuy's is loud, crowded with less than mediocre food.  Not a good restaurant for the South Park area with its tacky decor.  It's like a McDonalds playground with kids running everywhere including on top of the walls around the restaurant and fountain.  You can find much better Mexican food anywhere in this area. It's cheap food and I guess that's the draw.  Zink the former upscale restaurant at that location allowed dogs on the patio.  This cheap, tacky restaurant doesn't allow dogs.
2	Being from Texas, we had higher hopes for this Chuy's.  The thing about Chuy's is that it's not gourmet food. It's decent enough Tex-Mex,  that when combined with a fun atmosphere and great service makes for a place that you want to come back to.  Based upon one visit on a late Sunday afternoon, Chuy's won't be first on the list for our dining out dollars.  I don't know if our server was a first-time-ever-to-wait-tables newbie or just a painfully insecure guy, but I knew after one minute that we were in for it!  And we were!  He was slow to do everything (orders, drinks, chips, checking on us), the food was very, very slow coming out (did I mention we waited forever!!!!) and despite being a nice enough guy, he did a really lack luster job.  Other tables around us seemed to fare better with other severs, but only slightly so. Too bad.
2	Honestly I really wanted to love this place. It's very kitschy and super bright inside!! The menu was on the small side but it seemed to have all the tex mex options represented. I would really love to get ONE good tex mex restaurant in the area but this one is not it. First of all they don't have a hot salsa option, not really. Their salsa was okay pretty standard fair, my roommate makes better at home.  I ordered a chicken burrito and I'm going to be honest their was like no chicken in my burrito it was mostly filler (beans). The pricing is pretty cheap considering where the restaurant is located so I guess you get what you pay for. I hear they have some kind of nacho buffet and some other things so I may give this place another shot once they've had a chance to be in business a little longer.
2	Dinner with family, for some reason I couldn't convince them to go to our usual taco place. So we thought we'd give Chuy's a try.The chips and salsa were quite good. Not a puree of tomatoes, there were actual pieces in there. A bit wet, so it's drippy. We also got an order of guacamole to go with it. It arrived in a medium sized bowl and it looked like a lot. Until we got near the bottom and discovered that it was sitting on a small nest of shredded lettuce. Oops. The chips were hot and fresh. Thinner than I'm used to, they had a habit of breaking off in the guac.Deep menu of burritos and tacos and salads with Mexican beers, sangria and margaritas. When I cut into my "chicken" burrito, it turned out to be beef. The waitress was most apologetic and offered to replace it (she said the kitchen made it wrong even though she ordered it right) but it was good so I stuck with it. My daughter had the Elvis special which is a bucket load of food. Unless you are a serious eater, I'd recommend you move on to something else. My wife had the chicken taco salad which of course comes in a massive fried tortilla shell.The music and noise in the restaurant is extremely loud. The pictures on the wall and the angles of the walls do nothing to absorb sound at all.They say it's TexMex, but I dunno. It just seemed like fancy Mexican to me.Parking isn't easy but it's doable. Try the parking deck for Southpark if it's legal.
4	Chuy's is a great place to gather with friends.  The place is cheerful and eclectic with family photos and funky art plastered on the pepto-pink walls.  The portions here are pretty big, but don't expect average Mexican restaurant prices.  This place is a step up from the run of the mill tex-mex, so the entrees are a little more than you might expect them to be.  That being said, they bring delicious chips & salsa to the table-- so you can easily share a meal.  My favorite thing about this place is the nacho bar at Happy Hour.  From 4-7pm on weekdays you can stock up on unlimited nachos topping them with queso, meat, beans, etc. Come in and order a drink with friends and load up on nachos!All in all, Chuy's is a great addition to South Park.  The central location and vast seating are perfect for an after-work get-together OR for a stiff drink while you are coming down from your shopping high.
5	I've been here twice since they opened and I can definitely say that this is the best TexMex food around the Charlotte area.  The fish tacos are quite good, but any of the combinations are excellent, too.  Try the Jalapeno dip and fresh salsa, but don't fill up too much!Parking is a chore, but know that going in and you'll be fine.
3	3 stars is generous for my experience at Chuy's.  We went for dinner last night with a group of 8.  The Southpark area, as you know is crowded.  They have a valet there which is worth the $5.00 IMO.Kitschy is an understatement for the decor.  They had some cool t-shirts for sale.  Walking through to our seat we saw the lady making the tortillas which was nice, and the tortillas were wonderful and tasted fresh.We ordered the fajitas which were consisted of dry strips of chicken and the seasoning was lacking.  For a basic staple you would think they could do better.  I did enjoy the assortment of sauces and really liked the Boom Boom and the Hatch Green Chile.I have to say they need to do a better job with the hostesses.  They were condescending and rude.  I hate to walk into a restaurant and see the hostesses congregated around the podium without looking up or to welcome you into the restaurant.  The one hostess told, not asked, us to wait outside since we had a large group and they wanted to keep the lobby area clear.  It's hot and humid outside and with a party of eight that's going to spend a decent amount of money you could speak to people a bit more politely lady.I didn't see much difference from Chuy's to somewhere like an On The Border.  It was "OK", but probably won't be seeing the likes of me again.
5	This restaurant is a must visit in the South Park area.  If you enjoy eating Tex Mex foods you really can't go wrong. With the awesome customer service, this is my number one choice.
4	I had the fish tacos and they were really great :).  We also had nachos for our app - it was the kind of nachos where each chip is made individually and has all the toppings on it.  I like this kind better than the pile of chips with random toppings piled on in places.  Everything was really yummy - our waitress was pretty weird though - I don't really know what her deal was.
5	Really yummy guac, chips, and sangria!
1	The remodeling job was excellent, you definately could not tell what it was previously and there were no reminders of zink... that was about it. We went close to their grand opening so it was overly packed... we sat near the bar and had people around us all the time, leaning on our chairs, squeezing by, kids running around the table... we forgave all that since they are new but the food was extremely disappointing. I ordered something that reminded me of Lean Cuisine's Chiken Enchalada Sauza... sadly the LC version is much better than what I received. Hardly any chicken, the chicken had ZERO flavor and NO seasoning.. the sauce was ok.. but that was my entire dish... the hand made tortillas were the main part of the dish... fBF had some massive combo plate... it was basically different meats/lots of cheese/tortillas smothered in sauces.. he said it was ok. We both decided that was our first and last visit. Our impression is if you have kids and want to go out someplace they enjoy and eat the food, this is your place. If you want good tex-mex and to enjoy a meal, this isnot.
4	When we moved from Houston to Charlotte, we were heartbroken to leave Chuy's behind...and were thrilled when we found out that they'd be opening in Charlotte this summer. We were out of town for their actual Grand Opening, but finally made it in about 2 weeks after they opened. We were seated quickly around 6:15 on a Wednesday. As soon as our server came over to take our drink order we also asked for a cup of the creamy jalapeno dip to go with the chips - it was delicious, but not quite what we're used to - I think it was missing some garlic, or maybe even some jalapeno. I had a Bloody Mary, others in my party had margaritas.I ordered my old standby, the big as your face burrito with fajita beef, with Boom Boom Sauce (think cheesy, green chile goodness). I love that I get a solid two meals out of it. The Boom Boom Sauce was extra spicy that night, but had cooled off a bit by lunch the next day.We're hoping that this location will be participating in the annual Chuy's Green Chile Festival in August.
2	Went to Chuy's for the first time today. Was sat promptly and was given chips/salsa & my ice water quickly as well. Our server then started waiting on a large party and we were completely ignored. The service never really quite picked up. Our appetizer came out the same time as our entrees (major pet peeve of mine!) and the food was nothing special. The rice was dry and flavorless. The refried beans looked like they'd sat on my plate for awhile in the kitchen and hardened up. I ordered the fish tacos and there was hardly anything on them. My daughter ordered a cheese quesadilla, and it looked beyond gross. It was also quite expensive, which I guess should have been expected being in Southpark. I am really bummed out as it's a great location with a great patio, and got a lot of rave when it opened - but it's not worth going to again.
5	Once again !!! Excellent food ,service and hospitality. I'm not sure why people would give Chuy's a low rating... Not on the colors they choose to paint there walls or the fact that people let there kids run around the patio. Every place is different and unique. So to my Haters "Don't hate the player hate the game"******* I really don't think corporate will make any changes there to please a bunch of people that can't seem to appreciate change. Chuy's is Tex Mex.... NOT Authentic Mexican Food, so yes it's different. I can't imagine any good sense person to compare them to Taco Paco!!!!! R U Serious..... I'd rather go to a place where I feel welcomed rather then a place with high prices, mediocre food and boring decor. Lets keep it real PEOPLE!!! Rate these establishments for there food, service and location!!! Not cause you live in a overly expensive location and its not to your expectation!!!!!
4	Fresh food, spectacular sauces! What more can you ask for? I went on opening weekend so as you can imagine it was a little disorganized. But, I met the manager and she was very nice and accommodating and made up for the long wait! Definitely give this place a try. I would recommend making a reservation so you aren't stuck with a long wait time. The prices here aren't too bad either. The green salsa verde is a must-try.
4	I really dig this place! The atmosphere is great - laid back, fun and just makes you feel relaxed... like the first sip of booze after a long day of work  : ) The prices are incredible for a place in South Park. Thanks for not price gouging because of your location, Chuy's!The first time I stopped by I had the Chimy Chimy Bang Bang - quite tasty! The entree comes smothered in bang bang sauce whic is definitely worth asking for a side of even if you don't get this dish. And the jalapeno ranch - ask for a side with your tortilla chips. I'm actually not a fan of ranch (I think I'm the only person to ever say that) but this dip with a bit thicker. Creamier and a smooth, cool flavors. Awesome side note, go Monday thru Friday during the week between 4 and 7pm - free queso car! Complete with several salsas, yellow queso, black beans and ground beef. Yum!
1	Tasteless, shapeless generic slop straight off the Sysco truck with a brief stop in a microwave. No Tex and even less Mex.  This is ersatz Mexican food as an aficionado of Wonder bread and Oscar Mayer bologna might envision it.  Complaining about the meager portions would be nonsensical since they spared us further displeasure with the meal.Service was prompt.  Proximity to a mall apparently responsible for a large quotient of babies and toddlers in tow - not exactly the Friday happy hour scene one might expect.  Large fountain just beyond gates also a draw for more hyperactive children who scaled walls, fences and ratcheted up the noise even more - parents couldn't be bothered.
1	The worst meal I never ate -  despite all the Disneyland decor this place serves such poor Mexican food it cant have much of a future - service was at best dodgy  and when the food arrived it was no better than a "boil in the bag" meal.The Chimichanga was soggy and the contents so tasteless the so called bang bang couldn't save it. The" De luxe" Quesadilla was devoid of cheese looking more like a taco then a quesadilla and enchiladas tasteless and stodgy.  The queso was thin and watery with some taste the chips were nice and crisp though.Go for the free food because no should have to pay for it.
4	I like this place a lot!   They have a free nacho bar and the chips are great!   Affordable food and great staff!   My only complaint is with the small bar.  There needs to be a service area so people aren't constantly reaching over you to order their cocktails!  Great Casual Go To Place In Southpark!
1	This place is the wort.  Staff is friendly and maybe someday will get its act together.  They bill themselves as "world famous" but I have no idea what world they are talking about.  Place is noisy,has created noxious odors throughout the Shops at the Village of SouthPark, has kids that run crazy around the fountain with little or no adult supervision. food is plentiful but also about the worst Tex Mex ever,  Do yourself a favor and run for your life from here.  So many other good places in Charlotte.  One other thing - how the h.. did Simon properties let them get away with the totally obnoxious pink exterior that is totally out of place in the Village.  Somebody needs their head examined.  Avoid this place at all costs!!!!!!
2	There's a truth about some restaurants that we sometimes don't want to acknowledge. Like Chotchkie's, the fictional restaurant from "Office Space," sometimes people come to a restaurant for the atmosphere and the attitude. Never mind that the food is astonishingly mediocre.Hate to break the news, but Chuy's is the Chotchkie's of Tex-Mex restaurants. Lots of kitschy atmosphere, plenty of chirpy attitude (seriously, some of the waitstaff here act like they're spending the last few months of a prison sentence at a halfway home), and the food is simply very bland. And Tex-Mex should NEVER be bland. Look, I don't dislike Chuy's, but it feels a lot like what you get when you go to a joint like Chili's or Outback; a so-called "authentic" and "real" atmosphere that's anything but. For what they're charging you - no kidding, this is some seriously expensive Tex-Mex - you're definitely not getting your money's worth. You're better off at La Unica at Indian Trial or Three Amigos off Central Avenue. You'll get a better dining experience, and you won't be bombarded with kitschy silliness that borders on obnoxious.
2	Wow. Gus beat me to it. No, really. He wrote a review like 15 minutes before I'm writing mine with the EXACT same complaint in mind. For the crowd it gets and the advertisements I've heard and seen, i was expecting this place to impress. My friend really wanted to try and that is the only reason why I did. I will give it to them. Their salsa is pretty fantastic... but that's about it. Tex-mex should never have refried beans. I mean I'm of spanish background, and I take offense to the concept of refried beans. So gross. I got their chicken nachos and got exactly what Chili serves for chicken nachos. It's the whole individualized big nacho thing rather than layers. I've tried different mexican places in charlotte, and Cantina 1511 is by far the best I've had...true to Tex-Mex.My leftovers from Chuy's are still in the fridge..
4	Was at Southpark mall and the wait for Cheesecake factory was too long to wait with our grandson. Spotted the sign for Chuy's and was so happy there is a new Mexican restaurant decided to give it a try. No wait at all despite looking as if they were full. Sat near the tortilla making station. Server was fast. We were in & out in less than 35 min. Loved the decor. I would definitely go back.
3	Nice new Mexican place in the south park with reasonable prices.  The place is brightly colored and bigger than it looks from the outside entrance.  The place is still finding it's stride as there was some confusion between hostesses and wait staff.    The outside patio is really nice is the weather is cooperating. Their two salsa's with the chips were great. Spicy Red salsa and a creamy white spicy salsa. Coming Colorado, I crave a good green chili.  So far i haven't found anyplace that can compare to local west chili's, but this place green chili sauces were still good.  I have the deluxe chicken with their green chili sauce.  It has some neat heat and flavor, but I'm picky with my chilies.The appetizer sampler was pretty big and offered a good sample.  Also, get the house margarita if its a Tuesday.  ( its on special.)
2	It's place is below average.  The food wasn't good and they don't do anything special.
4	A couple of coworkers and I went for lunch last week. I had heard mixed reviews, but I wanted to try it for myself. Some people don't like the decor, but on a rainy day it was exactly what we needed...bright and fun!We started with the queso that has ground beef and guac in it. It was super yummy!! Oh, and make sure to ask for the Green Sauce too for dipping....its a do not miss! And the chips were incredibly fresh. I ordered the Baja Tacos, I got one shrimp and one fish, both were excellent. I was so stuffed I couldn't finish my meal. I ordered the 'Green Rice' instead of the Spanish rice. It was a little dry...like it was an old batch, but it was ok. The other two ladies enjoyed their lunches as well. The only two things that bothered me were that you can't get an alternate side like veggies or a side salad instead of rice/beans. And they said they couldn't split the dip between the three of us. With the POS systems they use these days I can't see how that would be a problem. Overall I really enjoyed it. Our waitress was friendly and attentive and I would definitely go back.
2	This is overpriced Mexican food and it's not even good. My husband and I went on a Sunday evening around 6:00. We were sat immediately. Our waitress wasn't horrible but she wasn't great either. She definitely had other places she wanted to be. We ordered guacamole which was mediocre at best. It's served on a huge bed of shredded lettuce so that it appears that there's more in the bowl than actually is. It makes it very difficult to eat. I ordered enchiladas and my husband ordered something that looked like taquitos. We could have gotten the exact same items and quality (not good) from any cheap Mexican restaurant in a shopping center for half the price. Needless to say we were unimpressed and won't be back!
4	Cool decor, service was good and chicken was great.
3	I'll start off with saying that the prices for the location of this restaurant are outstanding! I went this past weekend with a friend to enjoy sitting outside. The patio was quite enjoyable! We started at the bar since the patio was full and I wanted a "fresh" mojito. You know the one that doesn't include mountains of simple syrup, etc. The bartender was very accomodating and made me a great mojito! Our table was ready in just a few minutes and a nice gentlemen showed us to the patio which I believe was the manager. The service was great all around so that's a huge plus! They give you free chips, salsa, and jalapeno ranch (I believe). They were both great, I loved the spice in the salsa. However, I am giving 3 1/2 stars due to the actual food. The guacamole was just eh and the queso was oily/incredibly salty. The chicken quesadillas were bland and full of cheese. And my least favorite were some sort of chimys. Horribly bland and the sauce ontop was even worse. I really wanted to enjoy this place but maybe I should have gotten something else!
2	I went within the first two weeks of their opening, so my experience may have been impacted by the new staff and such. Having lived in Texas for 10 years, I was super excited for Chuy's to come to town. It's impossible to find authentic Tex Mex in town, and our options for decent Mexican food are limited, too. So I had high hopes for Chuy's. But I was pretty disappointed by my experience and may not return to give it another try anytime soon. There were 4 of us in the party - 2 boys (10-12) and two moms. I ordered a margarita, and although it was $11, I found it to be VERY lacking. It was more like a watered down limeade. Pathetic. We each ordered a different entree, and nobody was very enthusiastic about their dishes. I had the enchiladas and was unimpressed. I think I've had better enchiladas at Chi Chis! Yikes. The service was slow and incomplete (requiring multiple requests before receiving things like salsa, fresh water, etc.)The one positive to the experience is their house-made tortillas, which are yummy and fresh.
3	My favorite aspect of this South Park Mexican restaurant is the outdoor patio.  As the summer turns into fall, there's no better place to enjoy a Friday evening than on the patio while munching on a big pile of nachos from the "FREE" nacho bar.  It's nothing fancy - tortilla chips, refried beans, ground beef, queso, and salsa, yet appealing to a fan of casual Mexican fare.  It's quite a deal to order a drink or two and make dinner out of the nachos.  Make sure you try the white ranch-like sauce that is brought to the table with the salsa.  The creamy, yet spicy, sauce compliments the chips well.For our entrees we split two selections.1.  Appetizer Plate...Chile con queso, nachos, deluxe quesadillas, chicken flautas, guacamole & sour cream.We subbed double guacamole for the sour cream and added a side of a chile relleno.  All of the components were equally tasty.  It's nothing unique or outstanding, but is tasty and well executed Mexican staples.2.  Veggie... Spinach, onions, zucchini, yellow squash, red bell peppers, serranos, roasted green chiles, corn & cheese in homemade blue corn tortillas with Ranchero sauce.  Served with a side of beans and rice.This generous portion of three enchiladas was served pipping hot and smothered in the tomato-based ranchero sauce.  It was good, but my only complaint would be that it was a bit too spicy.If you're looking for an affordable meal and love traditional Mexican cuisine, be sure to check out Chuy's in South Park.  To avoid a potential seizure from the brightly colored and obnxiously decorated interior, opt for the the patio.
4	Always loved Chuy's when I lived in Austin. Got to introduce the boyfriend to a Mexican martini. Love the veggie combo. He love the steak burrito. Service at the bar was great!
2	I am from Houston, TX and the only similarities are the queso and the restaurant design. I got a taco and enchilada and the taco was good but the enchilada was terrible. I can't even describe how it tasted besides bad. The waitress was really nice. Keep them, change the chefs.
1	My family recently decided to try out this new Mexican restaurant. The chips and salsa were only ok, not fantastic. Sadly, the food was very poor. Nothing special about the dishes we ordered. Our server disappeared for quite some time and we were left thirsty while we waited. We wanted some more chips and my son finally went to get them for us.I faced some challenges since I was a vegan/vegetarian and asked for the vegetable burrito without the tortilla. The quantity of vegetables was tiny and I left hungry. One son ordered a combination platter of a variety of offerings. He did not enjoy any of them. The best part was that this place was close to home so there wasn't a long drive and the drink special was a margarita. I think the drink price was good.We do NOT want to ever return. My older son said that his friends are not picky and love the quantity of food at cheap prices. We are more inclined to eat less and prefer tasty food.Oh, I almost forgot, they have very creative ceiling details and strange paintings of dogs everywhere too.
5	It has been only opened for about 3 months now and I have gone almost every week now. This place is amazing. I would consider myself a connoisseur of chips and salsa, and Chuy's currently ranks #1. They are so addicting. Im almost never have the appetite anymore once the food comes out. :DA MUST GO
4	Sorry, Kim T.  I'd have to rather disagree with you.  Lynn Thompson is such a sweet lady.  I'm usually and by usually I mean I HATE mexican, tex-mex, etc (exceptions for Chipotle.)  However, my experience here has always been great.  I've gone quite a few times and I've gotten to know Lynn on more "friendly" basis.  She has come to greet me and my friends quite a few times and talk to us even when she has been super busy. But, that doesn't excuse what you have to say about her. Does she cuss quite loud on the line, yes, but  I know for a fact that she doesn't call her staff "pieces of shit."  She loves all of her staff and treats them quite well.  If you've eaten there so many times as you stated you would realize this.  Also, why are YOU "supporting" a company that treats the staff so "badly"?  That doesn't make sense in the least.  Anyways, Kim is a joke.  I'd definitely go check out the place and see for yourself.  It's so cheap (food wise) you aren't losing anything and the service and managers are just wonderful!!
5	I've been to several Chuy's and particularly to the one in Charlotte. I have never heard the management team mistreat any of the employees or heard load, unprofessional comments towards anyone . On the contrary I've heard the management team joking around and laughing with there employees. Seems to me that there are a couple of sour apples (former employees) out to make this establishment look bad. Never the less, give it a try you may or may not like it.
3	It was OK... not rave-worthy. I tried their Baja taco and it wasn't that good, there was no sauce or maybe my waiter didn't offer it. Oh well... The decor just meh. It made me feel like I was in Monkey Joe's, and have kids crying and throwing stuffs didn't help my situation either. Overall I'm going to stick with my regular visit to Cabo, since I think it suits my taste (no pun intended lol).
2	I just came from one of the worst Southpark dining experiences I've ever had. Actually when I heard that Chuy's was coming to town I was a little surprised; when you think Southpark, Chuy's isn't exactly what I would have in mind. Don't get me wrong, the food was good (Maverick's is better) - service was as well as could be expected given the crowd and how patrons were stuffed into dining rooms like sardines; Chuy's is reminiscent of the restaurant at South of the Border off interstate 95...I swear I was looking for Pedro! This restaurant is definitely geared towards the minivan generation...cheap eats! But don't let the inexpensive menu fool you...it comes at a price. My ears are still ringing from the noise level; kids running around unsupervised and harried servers trying to navigate around kids and overcrowded dining rooms. Given the history of this location (at least four other restaurants have come and gone) I hope that cheap, loud dining will survive in Southpark...if not, I pity the next restaurant that has to redecorate.
4	Best value for money tex-mex I know of in Charlotte, especially South Park area.Great outdoor seating area.Somewhat long wait time due to its popularity.Service can be a little slow sometimes.
2	I was very disappointed in this place.  Honestly, the only reason I gave it two stars is because the queso dip was very good. The chips were overly salted even for my wife who usually puts salt on EVERYTHING.  Also, the waiteress kept bringing more chips in this giant scoop and each time spilled about half of them onto the table.  I make a big enough mess without the waiteress helping.My wife had the quesedilla.  It was served as what looked like 4 minature tacos.  Which would not be bad, except that the tortillas were oily and flavorless.  My wife said the chicken and cheese was just OK.I had chile rellenos with shrimp and cheese.  The breading didn't stick to the chiles and the chiles were too crunchy.  The filling was just OK.  To be honest, I would have just preferred to have a plate with just the filling.
1	Here's the deal-- this place wants to be authentic like the one in Austin. And it's authenticity doesn't fit for that large a footprint in South Park. The service was average, food was average, salsa's tomatoes were less than red and the guacamole was half lettuce. In general I try to be a positive person and I want businesses to be successful and maybe this will be but enter with a note of caution. They're trying really hard to be unique except what makes things unique in food-- service, quality, speed-- weren't there.
3	One of the best things about Yelp is that it sets expectations.  I went here knowing that it wouldn't be great, but that it would fit our purpose.Sometimes, however, Yelp makes you lean too far one way or the other - like that time I went to a brunch place expecting out-of-the-world scones and was disappointed.  The food at Chuy's was better than I expected (I had chile rellanos) but I think I prefer Paco's.  However, what people said about the prices was spot on - very affordable for a family dinner on a weeknight.  The patio seating area was great, and if your kids misbehave you can throw them in the fountain.  You can also look longingly over at the diners at Cowfish and wonder how long they waited for a table.
2	The food was just okay, very small menu, the server lacked enthusiasm and never even told us her name. I had high hopes because I heard good things- but to be honest is was just run of the mill Mexican food.  The only thing I was impressed with was the homemade tortillas but that won't be enough to bring me back. Lastly, I am a wine drinker- only offering Barefoot wine (they have one wine on their menu) that alone was enough to keep me from returning.
5	I have to say I'm not sure that some of the other reviewers actually ate in the same place I did but I had a great time here and the food was really good. Starting out with the chips, they do it right. Nicely salted to a point where you will always ask for another basket. The people were great, welcoming and happy. But the one thing that will really get your attention is the ceiling which depending on which room you go into has so many wonderful things tacked on to the ceiling. Hubcaps in one, cameras in the other and then of course there is  . . . Elvis!
1	Should have gone with my guy instincts for chains...food is terrible.  It's probably a good place to bring your family if you a bunch of little ones.  They'll blend tight in with the other screaming and yelling ones running wild.
4	How can you go wrong with an Elvis themed Mexican restaurant??I love the decor in this place.  It's wild, and off the wall - sometimes literally.  The entrance has cameras all over the ceiling, another room has hubcaps.  It's kind of a weird atmosphere at first, but the people are friendly and seem happy to be there.  The food is fresh, the chips and salsa are fantastic.  The salsa is just spicy enough to make you want more, even though your mouth is slowly setting fire.  The experience is fun, and the food is tasty and cheap.
3	Some girlfriends and I went to Chuy's after work on a Monday; none of us had ever been, but I'd had my eye on it since it took over Zink (boo).  We were pleasantly surprised to learn about the 4:00-7:00 Happy Hour free nachos in the bar, and they were pretty darn delicious for being free!  I was hoping for some guacamole on the "car trunk" buffet, but for free, I'll deal with chips, ground beef, queso, beans and salsa.Although the decor is loud, fun, and crazy as other reviewers have mentioned, most of the wait staff seemed sad and dumpy, shuffling by slowly but fast enough to never ask if we needed anything.  I ordered two glasses of sangria ($5.95) and there was so much ice that I maybe got 3 good sips out of each glass before it was empty.  It was a nice enough night that there were a decent amount of people on the patio, and the restaurant side was hoppin' by the time we left at 7:30, but I was surprised that the bar area was just the bar and maybe 5 hightop tables that felt oddly arranged.All in all, probably a fun place to take the kids or sit outside on a nice night, but something about it just didn't make me want to plan my next visit.
4	Oh, Chuy's, as a transplanted Texan, how I have missed you! I'm willing to drive the hour+ from Winston-Salem to eat here. Queso that isn't watery white slop, enchiladas the way they're supposed to be, light delicious chips, oh and the margaritas!!! And the decor is even better than other locations I've been to... But still over the top and delightfully tacky fun. We'll keep coming back!
4	Fun drinks, excellent food, and fabulous desserts!  Good service, reasonable prices, a little bit noisy, will be back.
5	Went here tonight for the first time. It was really good food and great service!
3	Excellent Taco salad - fresh lettuce and loaded with toppings. Fair margarita. Fair service on a Thursday night when restaurant was unusually slow. Big Chuy's fan from Texas. Expected a little better but not so disappointed that I wouldn't get a Tex-Mex fix there again.
2	I came here on a Friday night with my hubby and 3 year old. This place is really huge with many rooms, and it is child friendly. They have a nice children's menu/coloring book. The waiter we had was pretty good, he served us our food at a good time, and checked to see if we wanted more drinks or needed anything from time to time. Their margaritas were good, their complimentary chips and salsa were good, but the entrees we ordered were not good. I ordered their chika chika boom boom and it was ridiculously spicy! My husband ordered an enchilada plate, and his was also way too spicy! Why was there no warning about how spicy their dishes were on the menu?It was hard to enjoy my meal since my mouth was burning. Other than that, the service was ok, the decor was nice, but overall the food is the most important thing at  a restaurant, so we won't be coming back to Chuys.
5	I've loved Chuy's since I was a tiny tyke in Austin, TX. I loved it every Sunday for lunch after church in high school in Dallas. I loved it again back in Austin as an adult with kids on the patio. I buy their creamy jalapeno (dip/dressing), queso and tortillas whenever I'm making fajitas for a group because they're far superior to the homemade or store-bought. In short... I love this place. When we moved here a year ago and I found out they were following shortly thereafter, I may have done a happy dance of joy. And it doesn't disappoint! All the original food, even better service, prices way more reasonable than some other Mexican restaurants in town and a huge patio and wait area.I also used them for a large to-go order for the first time last weekend and it was a great experience. They didn't try to talk me into an order larger than I planned to purchase (The Big Daddio for 35 people to feed 60+ people... perfect amount), my order was perfectly accurate and well-packaged, hot (which is never something I can assume with a very large to-go order) and they even said if something was wrong they would fix it asap.Go to Chuy's. Love some good ol' tex mex and yummy margaritas for what they are. Keep this place in business for as long as I live in Charlotte.
5	Good times! Great food. Great service. Got the chicka chicka boom boom and it was all that and more.
5	For the people that give Chuy's anything less than 4 stars for the food can you please tell me where you will find better TEX-MEX anywhere along the Eastern Seaboard? I went 1 time last week when I was in town for business and this location could thrive in Dallas, Austin, Houston, San Antonio or any other hardcore Tex-Mex competitive city. The service was great and so was the food.
5	Chuy's is a breath of tex mex air to Charlotte. For over a decade I have pined away for true Mexican food and now I have found it. Everything is great here. My current crush is the steak tacos al carbon. If this is your first time here you have to have the fajitas. I also like the flautas. Great kids menu and the patio is heated with TVs. The service is fast and friendly. The Perfect Margarita is near perfect -  good amount of tequila.
3	This is tex mex at its finest. I'm only giving it three stars because I'm not a huge Tex mex fan. Chips are delish! Thin and crispy. Salsa is more like pico de gallo. We got queso as a app. Spicy but warm and flavorful. I got the #6 combo and it had great presentation and was a lot of food. Only bad thing, I think my enchilada drowned in the rustic red ranchero sauce. My friend ordered the veggie enchiladas. Not a beautiful dish, she said it was good but that she expected better. Our server was super friendly and great with suggestions and explaining the concept of restaurant to us.Won't suggest this place next time it's my choice but will be fine if it's someone else's choice Love the decor!
2	This is my third visit each time I've gotten a server worse than before.  The chips and dips are great. The food spicy, too spicy the waitress didn't even notice we Had not eaten it! Save your mouth fun a phat burrito  or go to the one in Texas!
5	Rowdy "Randall"....good arms though Every Saturday, my family has a tendency to blind and gag a family member and drag him/her  to a terrible restaurant against his/her will. Today was no exception. Just as I slipped off my glasses, my mother knocked me out and when I woke up, I was inside an eclectic Mexican warehouse. "Where am I?" I asked in a trancelike manner. I was responded to by a pair of ditsy girls who said "Welcome to Chuy's!" Ha. More like Chewy's. They immediately seated me and stuffed me with assorted creams and tomatoes. It was quite delicious. Then, egad! Terror struck! I won't name any names (his name might have been the bad lizard monster from monsters inc or perhaps Randy Jackson's full name) so I'll call him Paco. Paco was so abrasive! In the time that we were there, he didn't say hi, threw food at my petite mother, yelled at us, threw away my 4 year old sisters artwork, didn't offer us dessert, and to top it off, HE STOLE ONE OF MY TACOS!!!!! yeh food was good Highly recommend that they find therapy for Paco's problem......
2	Had lunch with family- started OK, chips & dip/queso good. Server started off spilling creamy jalapeno sauce down my sons back and chair- didn't make much of an apology. They don't give side plates out so you end up spilling salsa and queso all over the table. Server wasn't that friendly and patient with people not familiar with menu. I rang ahead and asked if they had many gluten free options (for my daughter) and they said they did- turns out all they really had was some salad items, corn tortillas and cheese- not even rice.Then they got my sons order wrong - twice, we were finished before he started. Of the adults 2 liked their food and two unimpressed. I had fish tacos- very mediocre and bland, reminded me of 80's style tex-mex- big disappointment given hype of how different they are. Finished the meal with server setting to-go box in spilled salsa mess on the table- waiter needs to find a different job, seriously. Waiter made no effort to right the spills- food mistakes- not coming back.
5	As soon as I walked in I could tell this was a fun place.  I was greeted promptly and joyfully.  The hosts were nice and helpful.  Our server came quickly and dropped off chips and salsa.  The salsa tasted sooo fresh with a kick.  I see other people complaining about food being too spicy, but I find other Tex Mex restaurants are to bland and not spicy enough.  My husband and I ordered the steak burrito (and it is big as yo face) with boom boom and my son got quesadillas.  VERY kid friendly- they have hidden keys all over the restaurant and when my son went looking for them the staff help him find them.  Food was AWESOME.  They have a room with hubcaps on the ceiling, one with huge metal palm trees and an awesome patio.  They have a neat story about the Elvis theme just ask your server.  On his birthday they celebrate with specials AND if you dress up you eat free!  How fun!  OH and the margaritas were GREAT-made with fresh lime juice and sugar water- NO SOUR MIX ....love it.  Highly recommend!!!  If you can't handle the spice let ur server know.
2	We visited Chuy's on whim since the line at Cowfish was ridiculous. Common occurrence, right?Out of our party of four adults and one child, no one was impressed enough to return. Pros: wait time was decent, server was friendly, atmosphere was interesting, food was truly Tex Mex and spicy!Cons: margaritas were crammed with ice and were gone in three small sips, no beer on tap, guacamole was served on a huge bed of lettuce to appear like you were getting a decent amount (you weren't), everyone's plate of food came out a ton of rice/beans and not a lot of substance, prices were high.I had the Baja shrimp tacos which was really just a few pieces of shrimp on a tortilla with about a teaspoon of sauce. No flavor. Nothing special.We won't be returning. Even if the line at Cowfish is ridiculous.
5	Let me start by saying this is my favorite restaurant in Texas. I've been to the original in Austin and multiple locations in Houston. I've been lobbying for a Charlotte location for years. With all that said...I've been to this location several times now...so this review is an average.Food: I'll admit that as many times I've been to Chuy's, I almost always get the Chuy's Special. It's under $10 and is enough food to fill almost anyone up. It's a chicken enchilada, and it's delicious. I've also tried the Chicka-Chicka Boom-Boom and the Steak Burrito. Both are very good. I've also been with people who have ordered the Fish Tacos and Fajitas (they said both were good). Be sure to ask for the Creamy Jalapeno Dip if they don't bring it automatically (you used to have to ask). It's great with the in-restaurant made tortilla chips.Service: I've always had very good service. Very attentive staff and they are happy to recommend choices or help modify dishes (eg: the Steak Burrito comes with hatch green chili sauce which is warm...they can suggest other sauces or simply put the hatch on the side).Atmosphere: The restaurant itself is decorated with a lot of crazy stuff. Each location comes with an Elvis Shrine and Fish hung from the ceiling (I've heard the fish were a gift at the first location and the owners considered them good luck, so they always have them at new locations).Price: The basic menu has many, many choices for under $10. I honestly have no idea about bar prices, but the food is very reasonable.Bottom line...I regularly drive to Chuy's from the Lake for dinner. I love it.
4	Your average TexMex food place. Wonderful funky decor and service ain't bad, food selection is okay. Food -  Mediocre, could be better. The popular Baja Taco (battered shrimp) was flavorful, but dry. Had to add sour cream and guacamole to help give it some moisture.  My husband liked his steak fajitas, and the chips and salsa were addicting.  The portions are big, enough to take home leftovers.Drinks - They are generious with their tequila drinks!  Service - Good. For the past three times I have been here, the food did take a wee-little longer to get to us. Even when we came on a not so busy afternoon on a Wednesday, it was still a tad bit slow.Price - Was reasonable. I would say it is not cheap, but not pricey either - just in between.  I would go here on a day when you feel for a TexMex meal, and don't feel like going to PacoTacos.I loved Chuy's, but that was back two years ago when I lived in Texas. I was soo excited to see Chuy's here, I felt right at home upon walking into the restaurant.  It still had that splash of color and neat Chuy's theme that I am all too familar with back in Houston.   It was and still is a popular restaurant in Houston. It's always packed, it's too bad it is not the same in Charlotte.
5	BEST fish tacos in the Charlotte area! Absolutely delicious! Wonderful prices and atmosphere. Service is fantastic. I am definitely a regular.
4	Very good. Reminds me of my decade in Houston TX. Very very good. Best tortillas ever !!Best. Stephen.
1	I tend to err on the side of, "If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all..." but my kids insisted that I write this place up. Five of us popped in for an early dinner on a weeknight. The colors are a little overwhelming at first but I'm ok with tacky if the food is good. Which it's not. At all. My kids sat down and were munching on the tortilla chips when I asked for the gluten-free menu. My waitress returned with a menu that says, "NOT GUARANTEED ... Gluten-free menu." What the heckity heck does that mean? As I scanned down the list, I could have one menu item, no sauce. Regardless of whether or not you are gluten-free, the fact that everything on their menu contains gluten in some form or other - rice, sauces, sides - is a pretty big indicator that you are getting absolutely nothing fresh. Except avocado. I could have a freshly pitted avocado for dinner. As my kids were about to munch into some tortilla chips the waitress casually mentioned ... "The chips aren't gluten-free either." Sooo... I think we're done here. I had heard such rave reviews from friends in other cities with Chuy's that I was really excited to give this a try. The price point is lower for a reason. I will stick with my slightly more expensive, but way better quality, local joints when I crave some TexMex.
3	Went there about a week ago on a Saturday night with a party of six. We had to wait around 30 mins or so for a table.  Although the food took a long time to reach the table, the server was very good and checked on us frequently.  Management stopped by to apologize too.  We were having a good time so the wait wasn't a big deal. It was extremely crowded. The chips and salsa were good and picante. The food was just ok. Nothing special. I had a roasted chicken burrito.  Chuy's is a good place if you want to hang out with some friends and have something to eat  but if you want a good Mexican meal, look elsewhere.
3	I'm conflicted by this place, so let me try to list the pros & cons. Maybe that will help you make up your mind.Pros:Good service, Above-average food, decent drink/beer options.Cons:Tacky ambiance, VERY LOUD music, occasional free-roaming screaming kids on the outdoor patio.
3	Was in chuys the other day got the shrimp tacos. They were ok, nice heaping shrimp on a good soft taco. Basic refried beans and rice combo.My only complaint was the sauce to protein ratio. I got like 1 squirt in the corner of the taco and it was incredible, I just wanted more to go with the huge shrimp. The bulk of the meal left me needing a lot of water just because it was a bit dry, but delicious. Service was good, loved the layout, sit on the patio if you can.
4	Fun Atmosphere if you sit on the patio, the inside is a little bit overkill for my taste.  I had the taco salad, husband had the Elvis plate.  The food was good and the service was prompt and friendly.  Unfortunately we knocked ourselves out on unlimited chipes and salsa before our meals came out and didnt get to enjoy all of our meals :( Oh well, theres always next time.
4	Maybe I just eat at odd times, but I never have a problem finding somewhere to sit here, even if Cowfish is packed.  I love the thin chips they have.  Be careful with them in the salsa, but once the chip hits your mouth it just melts.  I mainly just go there for the chips.  If you like a firm crunchy chip this is not the place for you, but if you like an airthin chip that is easy on the teeth this is the place.The Chicka Chicka Boom Boom never fails to satisfy and their chimichanga was pretty good as well.  Wash it all down with a Shiner Bock or one of their signature drinks and you have a meal!
4	The reviews have definitely been hit or miss for this place, so I don't know if the planets were aligned correctly or good karma for taking care of homeless animals is paying off, but my visit to Chuy's was a good one.On a Friday around 11:20 am - way ahead of what is probably a busy lunch time - I was seated quickly in what looks like a table and chairs set that was pulled from a diner in the 1950's.  Bright, vibrant colors abound.  The music was a bit loud when I was sitting in the way back room all by my lonesome, but it tempered as either the crowd filled in or someone else asked them to turn it down.My waiter, Adan, was pleasant and efficient - fantastic.  I had never been to a Chuy's before, so after deciding on a fajita burrito, I needed some help with their sauce choices, which he helped me narrow down based on my preference for not much heat, and no need for a meat sauce on a meat burrito.The food:Complimentary chips and salsa - chips are light and crunchy, semi-heavily salted, served with a fresh-tasting salsa.  The salsa was a bit heavy on the cilantro for my cilantro-hating tastebuds, but for normal people I think it would be serviceable.  Queso ($6.29) - I twitch when I see queso for over $5, but whatevs.  It was payday and my day off, and this is a SouthPark restaurant, so let's do it.  Cheesy, creamy, nice texture and a mild kick to it that wasn't overpowering.  The light chips did have a tendency to break in the queso, but this fatty wasn't going to let that slow me down.  It was a crock of dairy goodness (and a relatively large serving).Beef Fajita Burrito ($9.99) - You never know what you are going to get with a fajita burrito - some places place a 1" chunk of fajita meat in a 3 lb. burrito and call it a day.  This burrito was HUGE and with help from my server, Adan, I chose the Ranchero sauce to go over it.  Served with mexican rice and some lettuce, jalapeno, etc. "salad" on the side, I really enjoyed this dish. It was full of very tender, well seasoned fajita meat, and oozing with cheese and beans - delicious!  It was a monster serving, so for the last 1/3 of the burrito, I just picked the meat out.Drink - Coke Zero (which was kept filled) - score!From the string of 2-star reviews, I guess I lucked out.  The service was fantastic and the food was quite good.  Although I have a hard time passing Cowfish without going in, I would definitely try Chuy's again.
3	I dined here as a second choice after the wait at a nearby spot was too long. Chuy's was fine, but not particularly memorable. My server was friendly, attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. I had some enchiladas that are one of the signature dishes due to my server's recommendation. That was an odd choice for me because I generally find enchiladas to be a gooey mess. These had some texture and I liked the chicken inside. I also ordered  guacamole which was good, but not great. Restaurant guac is always overpriced, and unless you must have it, I would pass here, for the price. I thought the salsa with the chips was pretty runny.So overall, this was fine. I wouldn't go out of my way to visit again, but I wouldn't throw a fit if someone wanted to go here.
2	Service was good, but we weren't too impressed with our meal. It was just generic tex-mex. Blah. Didn't seem like especially fresh ingredients, especially the salsa which seemed like it was frozen. We won't be going back.
4	Was in town for work and went to this place with some coworkers. I love Mexican, this place was really great! The decor was very authentic Mexican. Great margaritas!! Great service. I was with 4 coworkers and we all loved are meals! I would suggest this place to anyone!! Great!
4	I love TEXMEX.  It's a nice place and the most favorite Mexican restaurant inCharlotte.I reccomed beef fajita and tortilla soup!Every food is good what you eat!
3	I had to try Chuys since I'm a huge fan of Mexican/Tex Mex food. Chuys is located in the beautiful location of Southpark the decor is very festive and the servers are very friendly! They brought out the chips and salsa the salsa was very bland. I ordered a vegetarian plate that included a chile rellano and a vegetable enchilada with rice and beans. The portions were large so you definitely get your money's worth but the food was not impressive just very bland and average.
2	I have given this place a try 3 times and just don't care for it. I love Mexican food but just because it's Mexican food doesn't mean the quality of the food should be bad. I have been to 7 Mexican restaurants in Charlotte and this place is just to greasy for my liking. Don't take my word for it. Try it for yourself. It's not expensive and before taking my review of any review into consideration,  I recommend trying everywhere at least once before making a final decision.
4	It was happy hour and the chips with different toppings they offer for free was a nice surprise.  My table ordered tacos and fajitas and we were presently surprised with the quality of food and the subtle differences of other Mexican/TexMex restaurants. (Quality, Texture, and Taste of Shells being one.). The wait staff were very helpful and kept drinks refilled before they were gone.
3	Let me start off by saying, that I ate here as a third choice due to two local restaurants being completely packed at 9:30 PM. I was not disappointed or over the moon about the food.  The atmosphere was great and my friend from Mexico said that it was true "Mexican-style". The service was superb and this is definitely a Tex-Mex restaurant... I prefer Mexican food, but that was not an option at the time.I had beef fajitas and my friend had the crunchy tacos. The beef fajitas were pretty good, but not the best I have had. My friend liked her tacos, and was in love with the salsa and guacamole.I would suggest this restaurant if you are looking for a quick and casual dinning experience.
2	It's like a greasy Taco Bell, but slightly more expensive. If you want good mexican go to a real mexican restaurant. This is a chain and not a very good one. Nothing on the menu is remotely healthy except maybe the salads. Greasy chips, greasy tacos.
3	The food is good. Plenty of choices to choose from. So far I've tried the sangria and the house strawberry margaritas. The drinks were not spectacular. The food was delicious. The service was lacking. I'm sure they were super busy for cinco de mayo. Still, it was pretty bad. We didn't get our waters refilled. My coworker wanted a chicken and cheese quesadilla, plain. She received two little flour tortillas folded over like tacos with cheese & chicken. They were sooooo tiny and charged a regular priced meal....
4	One side of me longs for the Chuy's in Camarillo, CA, which is quaint, casual, easy, and low cost. This Chuy's had to overcome many great memories.The word is Chuy's are owned by one group west of Texas, another from Texas east.With a purpose, we met during the 4-7pm Weekday Happy Hour, which has a complimentary queso bar. You can have regular queso or you can add ground beef. Both ways are tasty. The chicken tacos are quality. The green chile rice is flavorful.The burrito is gigantic and a great amount of food for the price.For Southpark, the food prices are reasonable in general.Great patio - partially covered in one area, open in the others. Keep in mind that the sun goes behind the Residence building in the early-to-mid afternoon.The "Perfect Margarita" is far from it. It's a glass heavy-handed with Rose's Lime Juice plus tequila. It has a very specific lime taste to it, not reminiscent of a top shelf margarita. I suggest their house Marg or simply telling them to make it how you like.
5	Wife and I went here a few days ago. We had the fajitas which were amazing. The charro beans were outstanding too. Definitely recommend.
5	My husband and I are in Charlotte for business this weekend. We went to Chuy's last night for dinner. My husband had the Elvis Green Chile Fried Chicken, and I ordered the Chicka-Chicka Boom-Boom. They were both amazing. The fried chicken was surprisingly crispy, even after being smothered in sauce! We also had the Father Agave margarita and a special drink the bartender put together for me. That bartender was really good at her job!
1	Service was horrific.  We couldn't get napkins without begging.  I ordered Fajitas and waited at least 10 minutes after they were delivered to get a plate to eat from.  The chips are really thin.  The house salsa was way too lemony.I am amazed that this is a successful restaurant.I'm from texas and am tough judge of texmex.  The charro beans were the best I've had in Charlotte.  Only place I've had really good tortillas but they had way too much flour covering them.
2	Let's say you have four hungry, noisy, picky eaters... This would NOT be the right place to bring them. Noisy is ok, because the acoustics inside made it hard to hear myself think, so kids who squabble, sing, and push each other out of their chairs (we are still talking hypothetically) don't bug any of the other patrons. But someone, and the waitress assured me it wasn't her, couldn't get the orders straight.  On the first attempt, 5 out of 6 of the meals were so wrong they had to go back. It was like they brought the wrong table's grub. Second try, only two were wrong. They got them all right on the 3rd attempt, and comped everything. I think that if we had ordered as is from the menu without all of our hold-the-cheeses, it would not have been a teary disaster.  The food was pretty good when we got it. On weeknights, they have a free nacho bar from 4-7.
2	Long story short. The service was ok, brought me my Salad but no dressing. Ten minutes later my dressing arrived. It had a very odd taste. Salty,  but since I put it on the salad I just tried to eat it. My. Husband wasn't pleased with his food either. We have been there several times and really liked it. Something has changed and we won't back.
4	Who would have known there's a Mexican diner in South Park?  It's super casual and families bring all the kids to try some tacos, even the ones from Concord.  I had the beef tacos and they were pleasantly spicy with a little cooked green pepper.  Not crazy hot but enough to make me take notice.  The beans and rice were good and so was the guacamole.  Our waiter took the time to listen to our quirky food restrictions and we enjoyed everything.  Even the tortilla chips are cooked in-house and came to our table hot and crispy.  Can't wait to go back!If you ever pined for a place to take your screaming kids in your cargo shorts for a good hot meal with some kick to it, well you found a little slice of heaven right here.
5	Miss good TexMex places like this from Texas. Any place that makes their own tortillas in house automatically gets a 5-star review from me (unless there's something significantly wrong).Nacho/Queso bar from 4-7pm for happy hour definitely makes it a bonus for an early dinner.
1	The only positive thing to say about our experience here was that we didn't have to wait for a table.... Now we know why.  The food was terrible and the service was worse. Sat in the bar area and as a special treat had the staff there eating with us complaining about the food right in front of us.  Management was no where to be found either. What a mess. Don't waste your money here there are too many great restaurants in the Southpark area
2	I am a HUGE Cowfish fan so I decided to try out Chuy's next door as Cowfish was a little busy on a day when I was in the area. It was definitely just okay. The service was also just okay but I probably would go back if it had been better. A group of servers decided to sit at a table next to us and gossip for a while and none of them ever came over to check on our table. When the tortillas came out they were covered in flour. I inquired about them and was told that 'that was the way they were made" ...so when I went to eat the flour got everywhere. The flour definitely took away from the taste of my taco making it sticky in my mouth. I also had issues with the 'nacho' bar which was dirty and dusty so I passed on it. I went once and that was enough for me.  If you  do go I would suggest a sangria (It was sweet and Delicious) but there are definitely better places in Charlotte to go get food like this where you will get better service and a cleaner atmosphere.
5	My parents and I went to Chuy's this past Sunday evening.  My Mom had been wanting to give it a try for a while, my Dad is typically not a picky eater and I had a gift card I had been meaning to use. This was my third time to Chuy's. During my first visit, I was there for an event and got to sample all of their salsas and sauces along with a number of cocktails and entrees.  I loved everything that we sampled and was just as in love with how knowledgeable all of the staff was.  Learning about the history of Chuy's, how the kitchen operates and the training that each staff member goes through definitely made an impression.To my surprise when we arrived Chuy's was featuring their Green Chile Menu.  As soon as the bartender pointed it out, I recalled the staff at the event in June to make sure we came back when they featured these dishes.  Ordering from that menu was given.My Mom opted for the bartender's recommendation of the Holy Quesadillas (handmade flour tortillas with fajita chicken, caramelized onions, green chile chorizo and jack cheese served with guacamole, sour cream and pico de gallo).  I chose the Green Chile BBQ Chicken Tacos (crispy mini taco shells (bartender recommended soft tacos so I substituted) filled with roasted chicken and Green Chile BBQ Sauce, spicy coleslaw and cilantro - served with green chile rice and refried beans). My Dad stuck to an "all the time" menu item and got the Southwestern Enchilada (Homemade blue corn tortillas stacked with freshly-roasted, hand-pulled chicken, cheese & Green Chile sauce, topped with a fried egg). I recommend all of these entrees.  All three definitely have a kick to it, so if you don't like spice these may not be your best bet.Looking forward to the next trip to Chuy's.... oh, and I might add delicious cocktails as always!
3	The food and the service was fantastic.  My grip is about the margaritas.  They were horrible.   Three of us tried different on the rocks specials and all tasted exactly the same.. sour or bad mix or something.   I ordered one with Grand Mariner.. couldnt taste it at all.  Figured it was fluke.. ordered another one with a "floater".. nothing.. tasted exactly the same as the other one.. maybe worse.     Typically a floater comes on the side and you pour it in yourself.   For a mexican or texmex place.. bad drinks.the place was great for food, atmosphere and service though
3	We frequent this place often and the food is always good and consistent.  The service has always been great as well.  This time our order came out wrong and it took 11 minutes to refire which is way to long and it was Luke warm.  We didn't say anything and wanted to see if they would discount on our check they did not. :( the manager didnt even come over to apologize and check to see if the second meal was ok.
2	Mexican diner (note: not dinner, diner) in SouthPark. Mediocre. Staff - all of them - have no basic hospitality skills. Take it to Park Rd shopping center.
5	I've been going there every Monday for lunch since they started their new specials.  Monday is the Stuffed Avocado - Yummmmm.  They have had the same people working on Mondays and we've gotten to know the servers and management staff.  The food and service are always awesome.  Try Chuy's Monday lunch!  I vouch for them :-)
5	Best Mexican in Charlotte!  We loved the chicka chicka boom boom. Chips and salsa are delish!  The best Jalepeno salsa on the planet.
3	What I love about Chuy's are the friendly folks that work there. I have never had bad customer service and I go there quite a bit because it is across the street from my home and it is VERY affordable. What I like about Chuy's is that I have found a few select items on the menu that allow me to fulfill my tex mex cravings. Being born and raised in Texas, this is def not the best, but so far I haven't found better in the Carolinas... aside from this place in South Carolina near the Angel Oak Tree, that place is swell!It's also a great place to take children. I have seen them give out crayons and coloring books!Their sopapillas were once huge and fluffy, and every other time they were small and crisp. Something is wrong here; Chuy's, please take note and fix.I'll continue to visit on occasion. (:
4	So cheap and not in the sense of crappy I mean inexpensive for what you get. AWSOME drink specials and decent portions for the dough you toss down. This place is a good 2-3rd date kind of place. Sometimes the service if a bit slow and inattentive but for the most part good service. Got through down the gauntlet and get the "Elvis" plater. You will not be disappointed.
3	We first went to Chuy's not long after they opened, and perhaps for that reason, were not impressed. It took a while to go back, and it turns out, we just don't seem to be fans of the place.There is a bit of kitschy appeal to the place, the food definitely takes a backseat to the overall decor. They've done a nice job of revamping the joint so that it looks nothing like Zink - though Zink was actually a pretty decent place (especially that patio!) before.On the inside, you have trees, and noise and kids and, like others have side, IT IS LOUD. Maybe I'm showing my age more and more, but I could do without all the extra props and noise - I'd much rather have better food instead. What is there is okay, but when you throw everything else into the mix, it's just not worth it.
1	I don't know why people like this place. There wasn't anything wrong with the service but the food was awful. Very weird... Especially the salsa and sauces.
5	Pronounced (Chew-Ease). Sat at the bar. Chips and Salsa served. Really good Salsa that was Spicey but really chunky too. Bartenders were very friendly and recommended the Steak Burrito and I have to say was probably the best Burrito I've had. Prices are very reasonable and the food was really fresh and good. Regular price on Mexican Beer was 3.75 and a shot of top shelf Tequila was 7.75. Excellent prices considering they are a block from the Mall.Overall great food and drinks and friendly service. I recommend this Restaurant highly. You won't be disappointed.
3	Very fun place to get together with friends for drinks. A little on the pricey side but considered average for the South Park area cuisine. Service was average, nothing wrong but nothing special, but the food was below average. The atmosphere is really what you pay for but I'd recommend sticking with drinks and appetizers.
5	We found this place on a different website. Urbanspoon. It was listed as new and reviewed very well.Came here for lunch with Hubbie and the fabulous Shirley Martin. Shirley had chicken tacos with rice and beans, and said it was good, more food the she could eat. Garry had chick a chick a boom boom. He said it was delicious, spicey and made his nose run. I had the light combo. Just right. ( no rice and beans)Ashton was our waiter and he made us feel very welcome, he was attentive, but not pushy. He clerked on our food and offered us dessert, carefully describing some wonderful selections.You should give them a try.
4	I came here for lunch. The meal comes with chips and Salsa. The chips are light and crunchy and the salsa spicy and tasty. This is the best chips and salsa I have had in Charlotte! I ordered the steak burrito which came with charro beans and green chili rice. The chunks of steak was really tender and flavorful. The burrito came with some type of brown sauce on the top and the sides. I think it's some sort of beef broth sauce but it had a nice surprising spiciness to it.   The Charo beans were good and I'm not usually a big fan.  I am well pleased  with the meal.  The portion was big for a lunch selection. It's big even for a dinner selection.The service was ok. The server did his job. I just didn't think he wanted to be there. He wasn't rude or anything.  Just my opinion.  Everyone's entitled to a bad day.  I will be back.
4	Authentic Mexican food! A friend claimed this was the best Mexican food in Charlotte - and he might be right. As soon as we sat down, they served us an endless amount of chips + salsa. The chips were thin and fresh and the salsa had a bit of a kick. We ordered the queso and Mmmm, so good. If you're deciding between the house margarita and the Texas martini - go Texas!! Same price and you get much more bang for your buck. I was most excited about my main course - the southwestern plate. so good!! A sunny side egg on top of soft blue tortillas filled with pulled chicken pulled chicken, topped  with an impeccable sauce. Comes with rice, beans and a little bit of lettuce. So authentic and fresh!
2	The atmosphere was great. The food and service was not so great. We had a really depressed waitress and food took for ever to come out. We also noticed the food to be bland and dry. I would not recommend this place to anyone looking for authentic Mexican food.
2	This place seems to get by solely by being the overflow spot for people who can't get into Cowfish next door. I can't imagine why anyone else would choose to go there. Our waitress said she'd worked there since opening day, but the service was totally inadequate. I had to ask multiple times before my drink was delivered, despite my wife's drink coming out quickly. I also asked for an unchilled glass for my beer, but they brought out a glass that was obviously chilled and then run under hot water for a minute - it was soaking wet inside and out and still had extra water I had to pour out. The beer bottle itself also had weird gunk on it. I ordered a combo plate to try a few things, and it was not terribly exciting. The ground sirloin was completely flavorless, they seem to have sauteed the meat with no spice mixture of any kind. My wife found her chile rellenos rather sub-par as well, not bad per se, but not worth finishing either. At least the movie we saw after dinner was good enough to salvage date night!
