5	Great kids show.. and it will entertain the kids you bring and the kid inside of you!Very witty and funny.. Mac is a genius to simple entertainment...I laughed criedand laughed again.The audience was definitively entertained.the show is about 30 bucks per adult.. a far cry from Lance Burtons $100 a pop.. when we talk about R.O.I on the fun.. this show is a must see if you have not.. Good family fun!
5	We got free tickets to see Mac King, well as long as you bought a drink ticket.. but like I was not going to do that anyways!  Let me say he is seriously hilarious and does good tricks.  One of my favorite parts was when he brought a woman on stage and told her to pick a card, then write her name on it... I don't think she got it because she wrote her name on the back side of the card.. I was cracking up...The bear trick is super cool too.  If you have time in the afternoon I highly recommend it, and I'm not one for magic shows but I love comedy!
4	- Definitely a show for the whole family (kids love it!).- No dirty jokes that will make you feel awkward around your parents.- Very affordable.- Awesome magic.What more needs to be said?Please go see the Mac King Comedy Magic Show!You'll leave the place smiling :D
5	Best bang for your buck in all of Vegas.  It's entertaining for kids and adults alike.  I've seen his show 3 times (since he was at Maxim years ago) and would go again in a heartbeat.  Love it, love it, love it!
5	Look, I LOVE magic. I go to the Magic Castle all the time. And I'd heard about Mac King for years, but nothing could have prepared me for how good the show was.I mean, my ticket was $20. That's it! And the show started at like 3 in the afternoon... I figured this was gonna blow chunks.Instead, what I was treated to was an uproariously funny, clever, beautifully crafted magic show. Family friendly for sure, but I was 35 and my son wasn't with me and I STILL loved every second of it.I ran into Mac King months later at the Magic Castle in Hollywood and had to go shake his hand and tell him how much fun I'd had at his show. I can't rave about it enough. It's a blast, go see it.
5	Just happened to see a 2 for one coupon sitting by my slot machine and decided to go see the show.  With the 2 for one, I paid $13 for the show and received a free drink.I was a bit skeptical at first, especially when he started with some ok rope tricks, but he won the crowd over by the end.   His humor is just twisted enough for me to enjoy....some sexual innuendos, but a kid safe show too.  and about an hour long for a perfect mid-day diversion.Unfortunately it appears as if he is in need of a boost in attendance.  The show was at the smaller Improv and was only 2/3 full for the 3PM show (yes they are afternoon shows)
5	Harrah's is really smoky with about the worst ventilation anywhere.  But the theater has good AC.  Once the show starts, the door closes and this is a true non smoking show.  If you get there early you get the best seats (but have to breathe Harrah's air for a little bit).This is a terrific show.  Mac has got a self-deprecating style of humor that is great.  Some sexual innuendo, but still family friendly.  It is not a 'kid' show - don't let the fact you don't have kids stop you from seeing this show. His magic is fun.  I was laughing the entire time.Mac is great with his fans after the show, even for those that didn't buy his magic sets or books.  He's especially great with the kids who come to see his show.At $30, it is hands down the best deal on the strip.  I can't recommend this enough.  Go see it.
5	Absolutely... Freakin'... Hilarious!We got "free" tickets for Mac King. I say "free" because there is a one drink minimum per person which works out to be $13 a piece. Well worth it and more. This is probably one of the best shows in Vegas!
5	This is by far the best bang-for-your-buck show in Vegas. I've paid good money to see David Copperfield and Penn& Teller, and although both other shows are worth it( well maybe not Copperfield's), Mac King's show is about 1/6 of the price.It's a hilarious family friendly magic show, and although he doesnt have all the big fancy props and beautiful models like Mr. Copperfield, his tricks still amaze me. After the show, Mac's still cool enough to take pictures and sign autographs. David was too good to do that........ =(For the price of a cheap buffet, I'll be damn sure to see Mac king again next time I visit Sin City
4	A very endearing show fit for families, kids, and friends who will all enjoy a bit of funny (some minor sexual innuendo references) and entertaining magic.  Also, because he was full of unexpected surprises and was interactive with the audience, it was definitely a knee-slapper level of funniness.  He gave out his cds, books, and dvds to the audience that help participate in his show.  After the show, there was a table of all his products, and he was also available for autographing and  photos. Got the tickets from the Tix 4 Tonight booth next to Starbucks in the Fashion Show Mall for around $18 after tax and fees about an hour before the show.  We literally had to speed walk with our passion ice teas with raspberry syrup from Starbucks in over 100 degree weather from the booth to Harrahs.  The show was cheap and entertaining.  It is comedy and magic in its raw form without all fancy props and beautiful models.  (Although, I wouldn't have minded the beautiful models part.... wink)
5	OMG this show was FUNNY!  Took my 21yr old son and his gf, 18yr old son, 17 yr old nephew and my sis and brother in law.  We ALL LOVED it.    Went on a whim because the Flamingo gave us "free" tickets ( you still have to pay $10 for a drink) and because  my son wanted to "see a show in Vegas" before we left.      Honestly I thought it would be corny since it was a 3pm show and rated PG, but it was GOOD! I cant remember laughing so much even at an Improv comedy show.  And the Magic was really, really amazing!  He could get away with just the magic, but his show is so funny and the audience was really into it.   After a great week in Vegas, driving home, I asked everyone what their favorite part was.  They all said, "the comedy show and...........".    Go see this show, you wont regret it!  So nice to see all the teenagers cracking up.   P.s. I slipped the guy seating us a tip and he got  us into one of those booths down in the lower section. Primo!
5	This show was as good as advertised!  It takes real talent for Mac King to do both comedy and magic in one show. I went too the show on July 7th and just loved it! A lady sitting next to me took part in the show on stage and she was just cracking up!  The Cloak on Invisibility was just hilarious!!!!!!! This show is great for people of all ages! I will have to see it again sometimes soon! The Staff at Harrah's was very helpful as well. I had lost my prepaid tickets to the show (was taking photos of the pool entrance to the Wynn and the folder I had my tickets in blew off) and they hooked me up with some new ones since I still had my receipt.  Mac King was genuinely friendly after the show and it was only $10 for him to sign the photograph that Harrah's takes mandatory of everyone before the show.
5	I have seen some magic shows in Vegas, and Mac King has beat out the others on so many levels.  You don't even need a drink to start laughing!  Yes, his act is that funny! His tricks don't involve a lot of smoke and mirrors or showgirls and that's what makes it more impressive.  He can pull off a comedy act which could have stood on its own, but he incorporates wonderful, new tricks involving a "cloak of invisibility," a goldfish, and a man in a bear suit.  Wow! Did I mention that prices are VERY resasonable?  A tip:  Go to some ushers standing in Harrah's and ask them for the "two for one" coupon to see Mac King.  They will claim that they don't have them, but slip them a 10 (that's Vegas for you) and see if their answer changes.
4	An endearing, cute, family-friendly comedy/magic show at the Improv in Harrah's Casino.  Nothing fancy, just good, hearty, clean comedy magic show.  There are a few acts that may be awkward for parents with children but nothing off-putting or raunchy.  The bartenders are super nice and friendly, but the people seating you seem like asses.  FYI: Just go to the front desk and ask for a coupon for the show.  It's "free" admission for 2 with a drink purchase, which comes out to about $26 for both.  So for $13 each person, you get a nice alcoholic beverage and a solid comedy/magic show.  What a value!!!!Next time you are in Vegas and want to see a cheap afternoon show, check out Mac King.  Well worth the price of admission.
5	After reading the reviews, we decided to take our 12 and 13 year olds to see the Mac King afternoon show. Loved having an option see a show during the day. Hilarious! I laugh-cried throughout the show. Plenty of knee slap and laugh out louds! Fun for all of us. Totally interactive with the audience. The show we went to had a lot of funny stuff happen from the audience participation and the show ran long, which was great. Any extra laughs are all good! Even Mac King laughed at some of the audience stuff. We asked for the 2 for 1 coupons at the front desk and they said they were out. Then my husband asked a guy in a suit. He got us two. Awesome show, go see it. We will see it again when in Vegas!
5	It was great.  Cheap compared to other shows in vegas.  Very funny and cool magic..i think this is the only afternoon shows in vegas so we went to check it out before we went to the airport.  I really enjoy it!!  Highly recommend it!!! I paid 2 tixs for only $26.  If you sit in the front you might get pick to go up on the stage!
5	City of sin. What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. Mafia. Gambling. Topless shows.If that's your only idea of Vegas, Mac King is the antidote to all that. He proves that you can get good entertainment with clean humour, an affable character and let me tell you as a magic fan, he's no slouch with the magic either.His afternoon magic/comedy show may also be just about the best value for money along the Strip, especially with the many deals you can findThe only downside is that the seating seems to be done by the people at the door and obviously the bigger the tip....... I think seating should be allocated by the box office rather than necessitating another bribe to get a decent seat. Besides this, the show was great and very entertainingThere is a level of audience participation but nothing emabarrassing or dangerous. In fact, the only moment of worry for the kids may be when he 'eats' the goldfish!Definitely worth it for families but also adults with a free afternoon and some spare dollars
4	This show is funny, entertaining and at one point even scary! All in good fun though. The drinks are kind of watered down, but hey, they're free with the purchase of a ticket. I highly recommend this family friendly show!
4	my first comedy show experience! i've subsequently watched a few other comedy clubs but mac king has probably been (unsurprisingly) the most polished, least dirty, and most entertaining. a little cheesy at times but for such an inexpensive price well worth it. also, a good activity to do in the afternoon (especially if you want to avoid the intense LV heat) in an air-conditioned environment.- 1 star for the need to bribe to get better seats (i hope people won't so it'll discourage the practice!)
5	A wonderful show by an amazingly talented magician and comic at a very low price. Even though he's probably done thousands of these shows, Mac King seems to genuinely enjoy performing and interacting with his audience, with whom he connects almost immediately.Using very simple props and conscripting several audience members throughout his performance to assist, King keeps up a very funny banter while displaying amazing slight of hand magic. Like all people I think of myself as being extraordinarily  intelligent and perceptive, but I couldn't see how any of the tricks were done- especially the one with the bear and the camping tent! Seating is by Maitre d', so consider tipping to get a good seat down front and center. And yes, Mac has more talent in his little finger nail than Criss Angel has in his whole, dumb, sculpted body.
5	The Good: Great comedy, spectacular magic, and free?  Yep, free.  On the casino floor, make sure to get hold of free tickets (not actually free because you have to pay for a drink, but hey, it's Vegas, so why not drink?).The Bad: I actually preferred the smaller venue.  However, after doing so well, he was upgraded to a bigger stage.Try: tipping the usher to seat you at a table.  Though it's more comfortable, you won't be chosen to be a volunteer for any of his acts.Don't Try: skipping the show if you already watched it.  It's a guarantee fun show!  I've watched this show nearly 30 times.  Never fails to amuse me.
4	When we checked into the hotel, they gave us free tickets to the show and just thought....eh, why not???We were shocked at how much we enjoyed the show. He was classically funny and witty and gave a great performance.  I definitely preferred Mac King to Penn & Teller.If you have the chance, go see it.
5	Ignore the fact that Mac King is one of the more affordable magicians on the Strip, or that he performs at a matinee hour. He is one of the most talented, inventive and entertaining of his kind. With a Will Rogers type demeanor, he will disarm you into thinking his tricks arent anything special. And then you realize that they are. I've seen nearly all of the magicians in Vegas--almost all have bigger budgets and cuter assistants, but none does the job better than MK.
5	The best matinee show you will find in Vegas at least from the ones I have seen. His show is good for young kids and adults. When we went he did have some jokes that were more for the adults. But  don't worry the kids shouldn't understand those jokes anyways. It's not only good magic tricks but he is a funny guy as well. They usually have free tickets or some other kinds of promotions for his shows. Just walk around Harrahs and ask someone that works there for Mac King coupons. They will point you in the right direction.  Its worth the money.
5	The Best entertainment deal on the Strip featuring the most woefully undernoticed performer in town.Mac is HY-STER-I-CAL! I laughed my ass off.Yes, it is a magic show, and his illusions will mess with your mind, but  the reason to go is that Mac King is such an incredible entertainer. It is not a big production show, and doesn't try to be. Just a guy who is really really good at what he does in an intimate space (by Vegas Standards, anyway). Good for kids, better for adults, perfect for families. Go if you like magic. Go if you like comedy. Go if you're cheap.Just go. You'll love it. Trust me.
5	Mac King is one of the funniest people on the planet.  This show is one of the best things about a trip to Vegas.I don't actually like most magic shows, so I went into this show with a suspicious attitude.  Mac blew me away.  This is a kid-friendly show but that's not the reason to go.  It's a refreshing dip of fun and you'll want to go back again and again.  p.s. Check out his merchandise too.  His magic sets for kids are the most creative I've ever seen.
5	My wife and I wanted to catch a show in Vegas.  I was thinking on Phantom of the opera, Ka, Jersey boys or some other overpriced show.  Being on the budget that we are on I stumbled on This show per Yelp.  Thanks guys, once again you came through and saved the day.  I paid $56 for the both of us.  You cant get half a seat for Jersey boys on $56.   It was absolutely worth it.  I was even participant on stage.  He had me up there for at least 15 minutes burning up my money and all.  My wife loved it and it didnt break the bank.  If you are looking for a great experience please do yourself a favor and catch this matinee show.  It is well worth it.  Think of it this way.  How much gambling do in 1 hour and lose?   $$$$$  Its worth the price of the admission.  Also this show is very family friendly.  Take the kids, if you take them to Vegas that is.
5	We were going with our kids ages 9 & 11 to Las Vegas after they had heard so much about the city and wanted so badly to visit. We were looking for kid friendly (close as possible, anyway) & were fortunate to come to see Mac King. Our kids absolutely **LOVED** him, as did we!!! He is so funny, and pops jokes at all levels with such ease--it truly seems like humor comes naturally to him!! We would love to see him again, my 9 year old was absolutely thrilled when he was pulled by Mac from the audience to be part of the show--it was a memorable experience that my son will forever carry in his mind..Definitely see him if you get the chance!
5	Great show in Vegas for MAGIC!  The tickets were free and drinks were strong.  As always, money talks.  Better drinks & seats if you tip the host/hostess.   Highly recommended by yours truly.
5	I ended up seeing this show about a month or so ago, and while I had no idea what to expect, I was pleased with what I saw.Mac King is funny.  He's very funny.  He throws in some jokes that sail right over the kid's heads, but he's not a "dirty" comedian.  Oh, he has fun for sure, but it's non-offensive.I don't want to review the show itself too much in terms of what to expect as, like the magic itself, it's fun to be surprised.  Just when you think some of the tricks were figured out and predictable, Mac King threw some curve ball into the equation that was normally just hilarious, and showed how talented this unassuming guy in a suit that looks like it was created from your parent's couch in the 1970's really is.The most impressive part?  After the show, he stayed behind to pose with people for pictures, sign autographs, and just TALK to people.  Normally, once the entertainer leaves the stage, that's all you get.  Good-bye, and you are done.  I got an opportunity to talk to him after the show, and found him to be completely patient, humble, and genuinely appreciative.  That, my friends, is a sign of a true class act, and with that comes my recommendation to see this show.It's a cheap show, and a good nearly two hour show.  Well worth the time and expense (and you can drink during the show as well).
5	The dude at the airport's entertainment kiosk gave me a 2 for 1 coupon for this show. I honestly wouldn't have given this show a chance if we had to pay full price. But for $25, why not?I was totally expecting a cheesy show, geared towards kids, but he was entertaining for all ages. He's really an amazing all around performer from comedy to magic. It's no wonder that he's been around for as long as we've lived in Vegas. It's good, clean, family fun!Oh, did I mention the free drink? Rather than a 2 drink minimum like most places, you actually get one free drink!
5	Mac King is a great entertainer. The show was family-friendly (I wouldn't be embarrassed to bring my mom) but very, very funny. Don't worry, there is no cheese in sight.
5	Wife, 12 year old son, and moi, loved it!!!!
5	great show for an awesome price. make sure to get the 2 for 1 deals that harrahs throws out. a little more adult humor than i was expecting but it was still clean. really funny and great magic acts, highly recommend!
5	Mac King offers simply THE best afternoon show in Vegas and a show that rivals major headliner acts in terms of humor and skill. The ticket price and the show length are just right. And you get a free drink with the price of admission. King's humor is pretty corn ball and PG rated. Lots of "zipper" humor. Nothing too dirty. Little kids will find King's "wacky professor" look comical (believe it or not he wears those glasses in real life), older kids will laugh like mad at his zipper humor, and adults will appreciate the show top to bottom.If you want a show that won't break the bank and leave you amazed at his skill as a magician, King can't be beat.Oh yeah, if you're going to propose, apparently Mac will help you do the deed! Just make sure your lady will say yes. I don't think Mac has a joke ready if you're kicked to the curb.
5	Yelp, I love you.Why now? Because I wouldn't have gone to this show without your recommendation, and I am so glad I did. Now, the price for this show is usually cheap enough, but they were handing out free tickets outside of Harrah's! I just had to pay $10 for cheap wine, and I threw in an extra $5 to get VIP seating, because I like when I get to call myself a VIP. Of course, the VIP seating resulted in me catching the rope at the end of the first trick, so I got to go on stage for the next one. Even though I looked like a dork when I wrote my name on the wrong side of the card (I never said I was smart), it was super fun. The whole show was awesome. Mac King obviously has great enthusiasm for what he does and is both an amazing showman and a fantastic magician. The tricks never went where I thought they would, and they were always fascinating. Let's just say I've paid a lot more for magic shows that weren't nearly as compelling. Definitely check it out.
2	Not sure if I've been to too many magic shows, or this one was over hyped, but I was not impressed.
5	I give it 5 stars... it was funny, amazing, and it helped us forget about our hang over! So we woke up Saturday morning feeling like crap (the bf more than me) and about 30 min before the show he threw up "but not from the mouth" as he put it... so being the good gf that I am I decided to purchase tickets for this great magic show.. and figured it would be a great way to help kill the time before getting belligerently drunk again..  plus I was tired of seeing him in party pooper mode with a fuchi face. Boooooooy was that the right move to make. God damn it if mac king did not take that fuchi look right off his face... we were rolling laughing the whole time! And the complimentary drinks also helped the hang over...oh yeah and don't buy the tickets online... I almost did and almost payed nearly $70 ... I did as my fellow yelpers advised and walked right up to one of those guys wearing a burgundy shirt in the casino and asked him for a coupon... he pulled one right out of his fanny pack and gave it to me... I ended up paying $26 total
5	What a great comedy magic show! Mac King really is THE king of comedy magic. It's so refreshing to see that amidst all those multimillion dollar extravaganzas Vegas is known for, a simple magician on an almost barren stage is able to entertain us just with his hilarious comedy and really good sleight of hand magic.As good as it gets! A true gem.
5	We were offered a great deal on a two-for-one buffet and two tickets for this show, so we decided to go. Frankly, the description of the show would never entice me to go, A magic show in the middle of the afternoon that is suitable for kids. Yawn. Or we could watch paint dry... But my Yelp friends said it was awesome, so off we went. The magic was amazing and Mac is really, really, funny. What we paid for the buffet and show was a real steal, as both were worth the full price. Give this a shot!
5	Oh Mr. Mac King... You are LEGEND...wait for it..... DARY!!!You managed to pull off being the best Comedic Magician without all the fancy sparkling glitter effects and without robbing my money. Great show and fun. BRAVO!!
5	Thank you Yelp for suggesting this show!  The reviews are spot-on, the show is great.  Plus, we were able to walk around the lobby until we spotted someone with discount coupons, which is fantastic because I love a good Vegas deal.  BTW, I am still trying to figure out how he does the rope tricks.There are a few audience volunteers and we got lucky since they were all good sports.  Magic + genuinely great humor + energetic crowd = memorable evening!!!
5	Of the three great magic acts in Vegas with a comedic element  this is the only one you can take a young child to.There's still enough humor at the adult level but it's implied in a way that will fly over the kids head. At the back you can see about 90% of the tricks , e.g., you may have a hard time seeing a playing card or a worm but none of the routine relies  heavily on this  but seriously the upgrade cost is minimal, go for it unless you have a phobia of being picked to do a trick. Cheap to the point of feeling guilty leaving the theater.
5	Our group of 8 adults watched David Copperfield on Tuesday, December 21st, and didn't know how to react when my wife asked if we would like to see Mac King's comedy and magic act on Thursday, because of the great reviews she read on Yelp.  They were all expecting a big let down after watching David Copperfield's magic act.Per what I read on Yelp, I went to the rewards desk at Harrah's and asked for 2 for 1 coupons.  Had no problem getting them.  Thus, 8 of us got to watch Mac King for a total of $105 and each of us got a drink included with the price of admission.  The cost for one ticket to see David Copperfield exceeded the price we paid for the eight of us to see Mac King.The show was FANTASTIC.  He had us laughing in stitches the entire time and his magic was excellent as well.  He is a very personable, down to earth, comedian and magician.The eight of us highly recommend this show!  It is great entertainment at a very moderate price!
5	What a riot!   Mac King is a very good magician and comedian.  He called me up on stage to help out with a few tricks--I thought for sure that my $100.00 bill went up in flames--whew!His sense of humor is wild and he is very quick witted.  It's a great show to bring kids to as well.  Just don't volunteer your child when he asks if there is a "very brave child in the audience".
5	a truly great hidden afternoon show. surprisingly funny and entertaining.
5	Best (funniest) show in Vegas [family friendly too- but you won't notice for the laughing] Hands DownAnd an exceptional value.  If a friend was choosing between seeing Mac and "Eau," I would tell them to save the water and go see Mac.Oh yeah, sign up for his newsletter before you go for discounts and to meet him after the show (you're gonna want to)  Great job Mac!GERRY
2	This is afternoon show at second rate casino so needless to say they will offer some pretty steep discounts to fill the theater. Ask around Harrahs they will give you either free tickets or at least two for one "VIP" passes or something. Most tickets to this show include at least 1 drink. This is one of those family wholesome experiences (Gag) so yeah its kid safe and most teenagers and young adults will be rolling their eyes or be at the bar. Mac does a couple cool tricks but people will be fidgeting in their seats about halfway through. He does take pictures with people and does the meet and greet thing before and after the show so kudos for that.
5	I was a little skeptical at first but figured with 2 for 1 tickets that included  free drinks (they were handing the vouchers out in front of the hotel) I'd give it a shot. This was one of the best and funniest shows I've seen. DEFINITELY worth an hour or so of your afternoon!  Mac is very quick witted and didn't miss a beat when a volunteer in our show put a deck of cards where he wasn't quite expecting her to!
5	Such a great show! I was laughing the entire time. So funny! Loved it.
5	I got a free ticket for 2 on the street (some timeshare people gave it to me for no reason).... Was skeptical but then I saw the good reviews on yelp, so I went.  The ticket I got required the purchase of a drink for $9.95 per person.  It was funny that my husband and I ordered coke and coffee for $9.95 each.....The show was FANTASTIC.  I wondered why nobody told me about the show before.  I love Mac King! FUNNY and MAGICAL!  One of the best shows I have seen in Vegas (the other one was the "O" show).
5	I wasn't quite sure what to expect going in, but we left this show thoroughly entertained. I laughed. I laughed a lot. And it can be hard to make me laugh. I'm also still wondering how he did a lot of those tricks. This was a perfect afternoon show. The audience participation / interaction was great - and definitely means each show is going to be a bit different. And huge bonus points for Mac sticking around afterward and talking with us.This is definitely the type of show I can see a broad spectrum of my out-of-town visitors enjoying - from my 30-something single girlfriends to my dad. And that says a lot.
5	I usually catch a Cirque show whenever I'm in Vegas but I wanted to do something different this time... plus, I didn't want to fork out $100+ per ticket this time around for a show.  I'd rather put that money towards great meals, an awesome hotel and a killer spa day.  Yes, men can enjoy spa days too!While researching shows on YELP, I came across the stellar reviews for this show.  I had been wanting to catch a magic show but again, Copperfield and many of the other acts would've been a bit too overpriced.  After the awesome reviews, I decided to pull the trigger so first thing we (my fiancee and I) did when we got there was hit up Harrah's to get our tickets.Previous reviewers said they had people outside handing 2-for-1 coupons.  We found no such person so we went to the ticket desk.  If I could rate the wait to get tickets, Harrah's would get a big fat ZERO.  There were 2 people in front of me and I was in line for a good 15-20 minutes.  Yes, I should learn a little more patience but even the poor little old lady in front of me was get furious from standing in one place the entire time.  By the time we got up there, we asked for a coupon and he said no.  We had to get in a different line, sign up for a Gold Rewards card and they would give me a coupon.  Was I pissed? Sure.  The prospect of waiting in that line again didn't sound appealing. We almost left but figured we're already here.  Let's just do it... and I'm glad we did.Tip #1 - Get a Gold Rewards card from Harrah's.  It's free and you also get a coupon book with other deals in it, but more importantly, you'll get the 2-for-1 coupon Mac King's show.  The second tour of duty in the ticket line wasn't all that bad.  In the end, it worked out to be $32 for the BOTH of us... and that included 1 drink for ticket.  Not a bad deal for a Vegas show.As for the show itself, it was fantastic.  No, really... it was freaking FANTASTIC.  Mac is hilarious, entertaining and highly engaging.  A few of the magic acts were okay and some were pretty impressive, but believe me when I said it's not so much the magic as it is the comedy aspect that you'll love.  I don't want to give away too much but I guarantee you'll have a blast.  It's worth the $32 and hour plus out of your life.
4	I used to watch Mac King when I was much younger and when my friend invited me to this show, I was amazed that he was still around! He is pretty funny and some of his jokes are under the radar so you have to listen carefully. He is definitely a family friendly comedian and very goofy! For $14 bucks, it was worth it!
4	Mac King, you are so Macking funny!Stayed at Harrahs and was given a complimentary ticket to the show. We only had to pay for 1 drink minimum which was a little under 10 dollars. I'm so glad we went to the show, he didn't disappoint! I saw a lot of kids so it really is a family friendly show but he included adult humor in there too, which I loved! He was hilarious and his magic tricks are pretty awesome. No, its not the spectacular magic show with all the lights and gimmicks, but it was entertaining as heck! Definitely worth catching this show if you want to wind down, relax, laugh and be entertained.
3	I hate to be a spoilsport, but I was disappointed. The show itself was amusing and a number of the tricks baffled me, but the customer service was awful. Mac King's tricks and jokes, although dampened by my experience with an usher (see below), did make me laugh. I won't reveal what tricks he performed in the interest of not ruining your experience. His jokes were funny and dynamic, playing off of the actions of the audience. He deserved a +5.The customer service was a real let-down. I took a picture of the chandelier *before* the show started and an usher very angrily hissed that I should put that away. I understand that shows--especially magic shows--might not want people to take pictures; tact and affability, however, would have made for a better approach. The actions and attitude of the lovely usher resulted in a -2.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Discount Tickets...I should, for the purposes of full disclosure, note that I received discounted tickets. In order to get them, go to a Harrah's desk in the lobby and simply ask for coupons to the Mac King Show. I went to the Mail and Information desk, but I'm sure that any desk would do. Then, go to the box office (another desk) to redeem your coupon and pay for your discounted tickets (~ $10 including a drink). You will be offered a $5/ticket VIP upgrade, which allows you to skip the entry line and sit closer to the stage.**If you do go the VIP route, make sure that you still get your pictures taken. The guy takes them on the non-VIP side and we missed out. :( If you get pictures, Mac King will autograph them after the show.
5	Great show. Our free tickets provided by Harrah's cost us $26 for two drinks. Well worth the price for a very entertaining show. Took a large group and they all enjoyed the show.
5	I used to watch Mac King on "The World's Greatest Magic" specials that aired on NBC in the early 90s.  Of the many magicians featured on that show, Mac King in particular stood out to me.  His genuine sincerity and inner dork appeal to me and I try to embody some of that in my own magic routines.  Anyways, it was a thrill to me to get a chance to see Mac King.  This is by far the best daytime show on the strip.  It's a comedy magic show, so it would be unfair to compare it to the headliner magic shows like David Copperfield or Penn and Teller.  But this is just right for a daytime show.  It's geared towards kids but there are enough jokes that go over the kids' heads to make it entertaining for adults as well.  As for the magic, it's pretty simple stuff - rope tricks, card tricks, vanishes, and visual gags.  But it's all so well done that even a seasoned magician who knows how the tricks are done can appreciate the showmanship and professionalism with which Mac King performs them.  Tickets are about $30, but if you walk around in front of Harrah's Casino, they hand out free tickets with a one drink minimum, which means you pay $13 for admission with a free beverage of your choice.  Definitely worth a visit when you're in town.  Bring your buddies or your kids!
5	Mac, A truly AMAZING show!! WORTH EVERY PENNY!Very Family Friendly!
4	We a ticket voucher that was free with the purchase of a drink.  We ended upgrading for an additoinal $5 per ticket.Bottom line, if you get free tickets like we did, DO NOT MISS this show.  It's a great way to spend the afternoon.  Mac is funny and his tricks are different from what I've seen before.  There is a lot of audience participation, which is always fun.I wouldn't mind seeing this show again.  If I ever visit Vegas wtih my children, this will be at the top of our list to do.
5	The best show in Vegas. Only an hour and in the afternoon. I haven't laughed this hard in years. His tricks are very good. I would say if you are thinking of seeing Penn and Teller, see this guy instead. Cheaper and more enjoyable.
5	What a great show for the entire family!  While in Vegas, we really searched out the family-friendly shows and boy did we enjoy this one!  The other two we saw were Human Nature (excellent) and David Copperfield (ok).  We received free tickets by signing up for the rewards program at Harrah's (you have to pay for one drink per ticket though at 9.95 plus tax).  Mac King was really funny, did great magic with a lot of personality and humor.  We all loved the show.  We sat near two people who had come to see the show again because they loved it so much so our expectations were high.My two sons (13 and 9) liked this show better than David Copperfield's.  They had no idea that we paid about $90 per ticket for David Copperfield's show and when we asked them which show they enjoyed more, they both unanimously said "Mac King".  Don't get me wrong, Copperfield's show was very good, but I think our boys (including my husband), enjoyed Mac King's show more because of his humor, personality and his genuine love for what he does (it shows).
5	My husband and I took our sons ages 6 and 2 to this show while on a family vacation to Vegas. We received 2 for 1 tickets while walking down the strip, and since I had read all the great reviews here on Yelp I was excited to go and check it out. As said by other reviewers,  we had to buy a drink to get admission, which included buying drinks for our sons as well, we each got  a soft drink at $10 each. The total for our family of 4 was $54, not bad for a great show on the strip! I also loved that it was an afternoon show, 3PM,  and this was perfect for our kids.  Mac King was engaging and super funny.  It was not a "fancy" show, and that's what we loved. This guy is down to earth and witty, I was laughing the whole time. The faces he makes are just hilarious, being funny just comes naturally to him. I definitley recommend this show or families traveling with kids, or even just a couple looking for a great and reasonably priced time out together. I have to say I have always been weary of those guys trying to give tickets to us as we walk along the strip, but they are actually good guys and they are just doing their job by trying to give visitors the best deal out there! Don't be afraid to listen to what they have to say like I was!
5	This is probably my fourth or fifth time seeing his show, I LOVE this show!  It is good magic, very funny and great for all ages.  This is coming from someone who doesn't normally like magic and I have seen Copperfield.  I consider this one of the gems in my little town!  I try to take all my friends and family to this show, its a must see!
5	This show was AMAAAAAAZING! I had not been to a magic show in a very long time and was expecting the usual cheesy tricks, but Mac King really has created a fresh and innovative show that appeals to all ages.Me and my man were constantly laughing and looking at each other in amazement with jaw-dropping "how did he do that?" looks on our faces!He takes the time to meet with fans after the show and autographs photos and will take photos with you as well. He's a very cool guy, always smiles and loves what he does (you can just tell!)We learned that Mac King has been recommended by Penn and Teller prior to seeing his show and now we know why. We also went to see Penn and Teller later in the week and I must say Mac King is at par with those more popular magicians. We will definitely be going to see his show again when we are back in Vegas. We're both confident he will not disappoint!Go see Mac King at Harrah's the first chance you get. Try to catch the reps at the front entrance handing out tickets (buy a drink for $9.95+tax and receive entry to the show free!).Enjoy! :D
5	The Mac King comedy magic show is excellent.  This is just a fantastic way to spend an hour during the afternoon.  You will be laughing the whole time and the magic tricks are very impressive.  I was fortunate to be selected to go on stage and it was great fun.  The show is also inexpensive with lots of opportunities for discounts (e.g. 2 for 1 for CA residents).Being front and center is really important for this show.  My seat improved dramatically when I gave a tip to the usher leading me down.  I would highly recommend this.
5	Loved it! He got my husband on stage for a trick - so funny! Worth the walk!
2	Well I had free tix with a drink purchase still cost me $26 for two people. The Drinks were terrible by the way. The show was ok had crying kids in the crowd the show could be seen by kids and thats what I would call it a rated G show. My wife thought it was cute I thought it was a waste of time personally.  He had a couple good jokes, his invisible cloak act was dumb. And although there was plenty of seats they sat us in the rear facing other guests :(
5	This show is so entertaining and brilliant! I usually wouldn't go to magic comedy show if I go to Vegas, but I went with two coworkers and completely swept away! Mac King is great with his magics especially with the fish one, his jokes are entertaining enough for adults if you know what I mean ;-) the show featured rope, card, disappearance and more with audiences on stage as well. I won't spoil it for you! Make sure you and friends and family go to one to experience the fun for yourself!!!He'll be around to sign the picture they took of you originally before the show too!
5	it's not high production, but it's still one of the most entertaining shows on the strip.   Mac King is incredibly funny if you like a dry humor.  His close up slight of hand magic is excellent.   It's family friendly, so great for kids of any age.don't pay full price for tickets though.  And don't buy tickets at the half price spots either.  There are folks roaming around the street handing out coupons for free tickets (1 drink purchase required).  The drink will cost about $13 when you include taxes.  But that's still the best way to go.We've seen this show 3 times now and it's still awesome.  One time we saw a substitute when Mac was on holiday.  It was not nearly as good, so make sure he's in!
5	Perfect way to re-energize after a LONG morning of walking in 100 degree Las Vegas heat. The shows are in the middle of the afternoon so it's a perfect place to rest your feet, grab a drink, and laugh! I was a bit skeptical about how much I was going to like the show because I'm not so much a fan of magic (but I am of comedy!) but Mac King has definitely changed my mind. I haven't laughed so hard in such a long time and it was just so refreshing. You can tell he definitely has passion for his craft and puts on a great show. it's hard to not get absorbed because there is a lot of audience participation. And as he said the audience changes everyday so each show is slightly different and unique.
5	I've seen Mac King's show three times now. It hasn't changed at all -- he uses the exact same punchlines, same tricks, and same joke timing. But his show is good enough that it definitely falls into the "If it's not broke, don't fix it" category.Don't pay full-price for this, though. You can pick up "free" tickets on the Strip (just pay for a slightly overpriced drink). It's an afternoon show so easy to get to.
5	The show was so hilarious and funny, I almost peed in my pants and I was on stage! My sisters and I had some time to kill and after spending almost $2,000 on other shows (Love, Barry Manilow, etc) I wanted to be entertained but without costing an arm and leg. I went on Yelp and read the reviews on Mac King. I went to the show and we had the best time ever. I wonder why he isn't a headliner somewhere...maybe he will be after he keeps getting rave reviews. I can't wait to go back and take my daughter and her boyfriend. I already alerted all my friends, you will not be disappointed. His magic acts are amazing...AMAZING, and he is soooo funny, we were rolling in the aisles. Going to this show really made our trip to Las Vegas so much fun. Wish there were more shows like Mac's.
5	In a recent online interview, Penn Jillette recommended the Mac King Comedy Magic Show as a cool thing to do in Vegas.  I followed Penn's advice, saw the show and absolutely loved it.  Mac is an outstanding magician and a hilarious entertainer who knows how to wow a crowd.  My favourite segment was an Elvis-Liberace tribute illusion that rocked the house. The event was a highlight of my Vegas experience and I would highly recommend it to anyone of any age.
5	Yelp never steers me wrong. On our recent trip to Vegas, I searched Yelp for top-rated shows and Mac King consistently came up. He did not disappoint! Like others, we also found a way to get discount tickets. We found ours by asking the employee near the ticket office at Harrah's. He gave us 4 tickets where we basically paid for the drink and got a free afternoon show. It was so great! You can't go wrong combining comedy and magic. I was amazed and laughed throughout the whole show. Afterwards, I bought a book and had it signed by Mac King, and we got a great picture with him. Love it, so funny! Don't go to Vegas without seeing Mac King!
5	just one word: hilarious!!  the magic is fine (I'm a big fan of magic), but the tiny bit of naughty-ness makes ALL the difference, and had me and my wife crying with laughter.  You leave smiling!
5	Free show as long as you buy a drink, which isn't any more expensive than a drink anywhere in Vegas. We were a little worried since it was a free show, but it was soo funny. Inexpensive (free if you buy a drink) and hilarious.
4	If you're wondering if you should, the answer is yes.  What might come across as a pure kiddie show while waiting in line, and hearing the "If You're Happy and You know It," opening song, it quickly turns into smart comedy that is equally entertaining for both adults and kids on different levels.You can spend $35-40 on the "VIP" seats in the front, or you can find one of the vouchers near the casino's cashier (at least when I visited) that gets you in for the price of a $10 drink.  I sat in the VIP section, about the fifth row up, but I'm not sure where "free" section is.  The theater's not the big, so sitting in the back wouldn't detract all that much.Overall:  Great fun, great price, and truly one of those hidden gems of Vegas.
5	Fun show and we had a blast!  Don't waste your time looking for someone handing out coupons.  Just go to the rewards desk at the rear of the casino and ask for a free admission coupon (w/ purchase of one drink).  Great way to spend an afternoon hour.
5	Great show. OK for the kids but entertaining for the folks too! I was VERY impressed with his magic. This show will not fail to entertain.I highly recommend it.
4	Great Show.  My 7 year old also loved it and got most of the shows.  There are some adult innuendos that made it fun for the adults as well.The magic was old fashioned but still amazing.We got free tickets (with a purchase of a drink) after we went to the Grand Canyon through Viator.
5	So funny, and great tricks.  We had a group that ranged from 14 to 70 years of age and everyone was completely entertained.
5	You can't beat this show!  We got a coupon for this show so that was pretty much the only reason we went.  Didn't go in expecting much, but I gotta say this is one of the best shows in Vegas and you can't beat the price.  Mac King is well worth it and I love that it is an afternoon show so you can escape the casino for a bit.  It's family friendly but at the same time it's great for adults too.  Fantastic!
4	4 stars based on value, otherwise probably closer to 3 stars. First off, get the drink ticket special everyone's talking about. At first I listened to other Yelpers and tried looking for someone handing them out, but didn't have any luck. Then I went to the theater and simply asked an attendant there if he knew about them and he directed to the casino cashier, where I found them sitting on the counter. Ended up about $13/pp after taxes and that includes an alcoholic (or not) drink. Awesome value for an hour of entertainment, especially in Vegas. Also, this may just be a temporary offer, but Mac King was telling us at the end of his show that the show tickets offered free admission to a show at the Flamingo called Battle of the Dance as well. We didn't take advantage of that offer, but what a deal. Anyway, onto the show. As long as you know you're not getting into a big budget epileptic light show production with scantily clad assistants, I think you will enjoy the show. It's small stage, no soundtrack or real sound effects, and the magic tricks are fairly low tech (ropes, cards, sleight of hand appear/disappear, etc...). However, Mac King is pretty funny, has a great attitude and does the tricks well. If you don't enjoy magic, this probably isn't going to change your mind. But the show keeps up the pace with magic one after another for the full hour. I don't know what the normal crowd is usually like, but that day probably only a third of the theater was filled, so it doesn't have the energy of a full crowd, but at the same time it didn't detract from Mac King's performance at all. This is probably one of the best values in entertainment in Las Vegas (if you go the discount route). This may be good or bad for you too, but the shows are at 1 and 3pm in the afternoon, so it doesn't interfere with other nightly activities.
5	Great fun!  Great show!  What a great way to spend an afternoon.  The show was funny and the magic tricks were very cleaver.  Sometimes they are so fast and suttle you do not realize the tricks are taking place.  Mac King is a great entertainer.  Especially good for the family.I took my husband and mother after reading the reviews.  yelpers got this one right.
5	Recently saw Mac King's show with my family.  Age range from 23 to grandparents.  Everyone absolutely loved the show.  1 hour and 15 minutes of hilarity.  Mac is so naturally funny that it almost outshines how good of a legit magician he is.  I've been a magic fan for years and have seen Mac on many TV specials.  This is absolutely the best afternoon (affordable) show in Vegas.  Not to be missed.
2	Good show - Mac King was very entertaining!  Terrible show management - in all respects.  We paid extra to upgrade to "VIP Tickets".  The hostess (Carly) who seats you put us in terrible seats - there is no assigned seating.  When I asked to be moved to better seats, I was told "no".  When the show started, people moved up from the "cheap seats" to the empty ones.  When I moved back to the "cheap seats", but better views, Carly came by twice to tell us to move - I ignored her.  The drinks were watered down to nothing - I asked to have it fixed and told I could buy a new drink.Bad management - too bad for Mac, his show is good.  Overall bad experience.  If you go, DO NOT buy VIP seats - it's a scam and waste of your money.BTW, I went back later to complain to management (nobody there during the show) and was listened to very nicely - they even took my phone number, but nobody called and nothing happened.
5	My daughter and I loved Mac King.  The magic is amazing and he is so funny.  We laughed and laughed.  Still smile thinkiNg about him days later.  Go and enjoy.
5	No show girls, naughty jokes, big cats, cars appearing on stage.It's is a well run family friendly act. Much bigger on the sleight of hand aspect of magic.If you have kids, BUY THE MAGIC KIT!
5	Mac King seems to care about people. He is very sharp-witted, but not in a mean way; rather in a way that respects and brings the audience closer as he builds an atmosphere of personal safety and fun. I saw him on TV and was impressed. To have the chance to see him in person was delightful. I am planning to buy his cleverly designed magic kits for my grandnieces and grandnephews (of whom I have several) at his on-line store. Don't miss him!!
5	GO!  Score free tickets at the Rewards counter at the rear of the casino and prepare to laugh your head off!  The opening number and rope trick are corny and a little slow, but the rest of the show is a riot, and your kids will love it!
5	I'm not sure if he is a magic comedian or comedic magician. He is absolutely funny and the you will hear many "ohhh, ahhh" during his act. After the show, he will sign just about whatever you want signed. If you have kids, bring them along. He has one trick that he asks for a child volunteer. A few of his magic tricks ask for an audience member. I would recommend coming early to get closer to the front. The closer you are the more unbelievable the tricks feel.
4	Very family friendly, great show for the kids. His jokes are geared toward what younger kids would appreciate but adults will have plenty of fun too. His magic is pretty impressive and its neat that he brings live animals on stage.You can ask around the Harrah's casino stations and score a coupon for free admission with $10 drink purchase. It will come to around $15 after box office fee and taxes. The drink itself can be anything from wine to premium mixed drinks (margarita, daquiris, etc.).  Great value!
4	This show was a lot funnier than I thought it was going to be!  I still am puzzled on how he did those magic tricks and he was really funny when he was doing them.  We paid $14 each for a drink and the show with a coupon.  It was a good deal and I would definitely recommend it!
5	Great show for kids and family!!!!
5	Mac King is funny, hilarious and awe inspiring. Mac has a great stage presence, country boy and will have you laughing. A great show for kids and he inspires kids to learn magic.
5	There is something genius about someone who can perform such amazing tricks and keep the audience entertained with genuinely funny jokes.  My kids (6 & 8) and I loved this show and it was such a great way to spend a hot, Vegas afternoon.The theater is small so you get to see all the tricks up close and yet we cannot work out how he did any of these - especially the gold fish trick!A must see!
5	entertaining show,my 2 8 year old girs were amazed and laughed the whole timegreat way to spend the afternoon.
5	Funny. Much better than expected. The price is amazing. Probably will go back again.
5	Really great show, definitely entertaining. Awesome value while taking a break from losing your money dueing an afternoon in vegas for $20 from the tix 4 less booths around town. Very entertaining for the whole family! I would return with my parents.
4	Part two of our father/son boys' day out adventure brought us to the Mac King comedy magic show. They have shows twice during the days at 1 and 3:00. Prices aren't bad and will run you somewhere in the twenty to thirty-plus dollar range. They always have fix available at Tix4Tonight if you want a discount. Our VIP tickets got us in the theater 15 minutes before the general admission. There are no assigned seats, but the usher escorted us to the very first row on the far right side.The show was great. It's a mix of kid humor and some adult humor, but it's all clean. They say kids have to be at least 5 to attend, but I would actually suggest bringing kids to the show when they're a little older. At least when they're old enough to sit still and pay attention. My kid, who is just south of being 5, enjoyed the bigger stunts that were more visually appealing, but with some of the smaller tricks he got bored. He still had a good time, but I would definitely wait until he's older before bringing him back here. Still, it's good family fun and a good value compared to many shows in town.
1	I saw the substitute for Mac King, Heath somebody.   I bought tickets at the half price booth and thought they were still overpriced after seeing the show and they were only $20.  One drink included with the ticket, but you wait in such long lines to get a drink from the 2 bartenders working that you will probably miss the beginning of the show.  Also, the maitre d' ripped some of the drink coupon tkts, so you wait in the long line and the bartender says you have to go back to box office and explain and get a new ticket. Watched it happen to 3 parties while I was in line, then it happened to me too.  Never seen such poor coordination.  I expected more from Harrah's.  The show was not of the quality I could find at any comedy club in the country.  Did I say employees who don't care?  Not worth it, even at half price.  I will say that the humor was appropriate for young kids though, if you are a family trying to find entertainment for the whole family.
5	Best bang for the buck! Good for all ages. My daughter enjoyed it, Mac was really funny and I highly recommend this show. I will surely come back next time we're in Vegas!.
5	i would recommend this to anyone that lives or is visiting las vegas... Killer show. I took my entire family and we loved every minute of it. great humor. Great magic.
4	Excellent value, if you can't afford (or have already seen) Penn and Teller, check this show out. Mac King is an inoffensive, family friendly magician. The jokes are funny and the magic is excellent.
4	Great audience involved performance. Great magic. Family friendly. Mac was present before and after our performance interacting with the patrons. Definite fun afternoon for our family.  Highly recommended
5	Great family show. He entertained the entire time. My grand kids love it.
5	We just saw this show and it was so entertaining and amazing at the same time. Mac King should not be missed. If you like comedy and magic, you get it all here. Thank you Mac King for making our day!
5	I LOVED this show... Best show on the strip! We laughed the entire show as we were amazed by some truly confounding magic. Big fan!
5	If you want to see a magician who plays clean and gets most of his mileage from cleverness rather than scantily clad girls or hip poses, Mac is your ticket.  Mac comes on as a guy from the sticks of Kentucky who's wearing a new suit, which he later is reveals used to be his grandfather's suit, which he later reveals used to be his grandmother's couch.  His humor is self-deprecating and hilarious, and suitable for all ages.As for the magic, it's top notch.  Especially enjoyable is when he pretends to be invisible.  It's hard to describe.  You have to just see it.  I don't know why I laugh so much at that, but that's the brilliance of this show--you just laugh!  I had no idea that tricks that don't involve big boxes or dance numbers can play so well to the back row, but they do.After the show, one of the employees told me that in the new year, they're redesigning the theatre for a few weeks and putting Mac into the Improv room, so they'll soon have new and better fixed seating.  Great.  I plan to go again when I go back to LV in February, and again whenever I go back.
5	Great show, very entertaining. Mac was very funny and the tricks were mind boggling. Mac seems like a very genuine guy also.Go see this show, you will love it.
5	Mac King is a consumate professional. Absolutely the best matinee on the strip and argueably the best magic/comedy show in vegas! Worth every penny. Take the kids, grandma, whoever. They will enjoy it, i assure you!
5	For my 300th review, da da daaaa!  One of the best deals in vegas. Shows are pricey in this little town but you get a great deal here, especially if you look through all the coupon books out there for free. I am a big fan of mac king and magic shows in general. I seen him on tv several times and I was very excited to see him live. He is hilarious in his comedy act and equally impressive in his magical act.  Even my wife enjoyed it very much and she is quite critical to comedy and magic acts.  His show in the afternoons in the Harrah casino and the venue is pretty decent for a show.  Go see it!
5	You know, funnier than I remember it was.  He certainly is good.  I think between this and Joe Civillico, you can't go wrong on afternoon Vegas entertainment.
4	Went to an afternoon show with my Dad (he's 76, I'm 52), and we both loved it. Only issue is that there are no servers, just a self-serve bar. Kid-friendly, too.
5	What a great act!!  He has just gotten back after a 10 day vacation and is now in the third floor theater of Harrahs.He seemed a little disorganized, coming from vacation and a new theater (his suitcase fell over scattering his stuff into the first row), but who really cares!!!  He kept things very professional during the whole act and his crew supported him with a new suitcase.  The act includes people pulled from the audience whch makes the act interstesing in itself.This is a must see for all who come to Vegas.
5	This is one of the best shows I've seen in Vegas. The magic itself was spectacular. Mac King was very engaging and have lots of audience participation. The show was focused on magic, but he constantly did funny things to make us laugh the entire time. I had a great time and really enjoyed it. He seems like a very sincere person and really appreciated that we chose to watch his show. He even took photos with us after the show. I definitely would support him in the future.
5	We took our boys to the Mac King show, and are we glad.that we did. This is the best show I have ever seen in Vegas, and what an awesome value! I thought it was better than the Cirq shows.  You will not be disappointed!
5	This was plain-old good, magical fun!  There are rope tricks, card tricks, Fig Newton tricks, and a smashing disappearing act to top it all off.  Lots of oohs and ahs and laughs here!Mac King is consummate performer who kept us mesmerized throughout the show and left us with a warm fuzzy feeling.  Part of the charm of his act stems from the contrast between his self-deprecating patter (he often, and always incorrectly, predicts his own failure) and dilapidated props (many of them held together with duct tape) - and the highly polished execution of the magic tricks.Rated PG for feigned consumption of small, cute animals and a couple of sudden loud noises.  Definitely recommended for kids!More than one person in my party expressed appreciation for the fact that Mac King kept us laughing without cracking any jokes about sex, race, etc. (something that distinguished him from almost every other show we attended during our visit to Las Vegas).  Audience members who participated in the show were subjected to only mild, good-humored hazing.
5	Tip: Buy the yelp deal, you can get in for just $25 a person.  All you need to do is show up at the door 10 minutes before the show starts and show the doorman the coupon you have.  I don't think the seats ever really fill up, but do call ahead, because there may be days where he is not performing.  The theater is inside the Harrah's hotel.  A very laid back comedy magic show.  Totally worth it,  esp for just $25. Smaller venue compared to the cirque du soleil shows, but just as a good of an experience.
5	Magic show with laughter ... clean fun show.
4	Thank you yelp for the great deal on Mac King!came here with the $25 Yelp deal and it was fantastic.we were seated immediately (in front of general admission!!!) as soon as we showed our Yelp vouchers and sat in a very nice booth in the $50 section of the theatre.  Mac King's show is low production but high in entertainment for all audiences.  Great audience participation throughout his act.  My kids (9&5) just loved the show!  they were still re-enacting the tricks on our drive back from Vegas two days later.  I would recommend this for anyone who isn't trying to impress a date and just want some good family entertainment for 1:15 in the afternoon while in Vegas.Recommend as a great family activity in Vegas.
5	Very funny, a one man show. Loved Mac King and all the tricks. Liked the audience (kids included) interaction on-stage as well. The end was pretty unexpected and fantastic. Glad we read yelp reviews and attended the show with our 6 yr old. He was amazed at everything and so were we. Was laughing throughout the show. Highly recommended. Dont miss it.
4	This "magic show" and the comedy is completely crazy. A middle-aged man standing on the stage and go trick we have all seen before and do not want to see again. Except when it's Mac King who makes them. He mixes his tricks with a biiiig dose of laughter. We got tickets through Total Rewards and they were free. However, you must pay a ticket fee and must buy at least one drink per guest for $ 9.95. It's simple, a little ridiculous but so much fun. Go and see this man.
5	Its worth it.....I will come back!!
5	BEST MAGIC SHOW IN VEGAS!!! I have seen almost every show in town from my previous job as a concierge on the Strip. The first time I saw Mac King, I pretty much laughed the whole time. I have since seen the show 3 more times and I always leave with my sides hurting from laughing so much. It is just as much fun for kids as it is for adults. It is also a great value. There are always coupons and deals floating around for the show in local magazines and online. If you want to have a great family outing during the day, go see this show!
5	Great show.  My kids loved it.
5	Great show and family friendly.   I used the $25 yelp deal.  All I had to do was walk up to the box office and show them the coupons and voila!! I would recommend this show, and even go again in the future.
5	Funniest show in Vegas. Got these tickets from a charity event and was not so sure about a day show until I read the reviews on here. Boy were they right.I laughed so hard my stomach hurt and I was crying. Everyone that was with me was doing the same. his guy is hilarious!!I still have more tickets and can't wait to go back. I loved when he was messing with the kid in the audience about his watch. So funny! This show is a must see. It is also very kid friendly.
5	The Mac King Comedy Magic Show was an awesome experience! I was looking for a few activities to fill the day, and Mac King was highly rated on Yelp, so my buddies and I decided to give it a shot.  We were waiting in line about 10 minutes before the show started and some nice fella in front of us passed back a couple of coupons that provided a huge discount off entry, which made the show even more enjoyable!At the start of the show it seemed like Mac King was getting a feel for the audience, as he threw out a few lame jokes, and was dressed in this super tacky suit; I was worried we made a bad decision. But then he cut straight to his first act (rope trick), which was truly well done and he earned my full attention! From there the show got better and better. His improv skills are masterful; there were several occasions where audience participants made some errors with what he requested, but he didn't miss a beat and had us all cracking up laughing!!The time went by fast, and I enjoyed every minute of it! I would highly recommend to anyone-great entertainment at a great price.
4	Hilarious.  Great slight of hand magic and he is very funny and great magician.
5	Mac King show is only available in the afternoon at 1pm and 3pm.  The show lasted for one hour and fifteen minutes.   We purchased discounted pre-paid tickets from Yelp before we leave home and just walked up to the box office at 2:15pm to exchange for a show ticket.  Very fast.  No hassle.  Much cheaper.  Good deal!!About the show ...   it is probably one of the best magic show in Vegas that you can bring pre-teens.  My kids loved the show.  There were many surprises and a lot of audience participation throughout the show.  Mac King is not a flashy guy (in the show), the show is also not flashy.  But the show is conducted in a fun, engaging, and relaxing sort of way.       I hope that you will watch the show.  My whole family certainly loved it.  Enjoy.
5	This review is for TIM GABRIELSON who was filling in for Mac King while he was away. Tim was phenomenal. You will be hard press to find a funnier magician. He stole my sisters watch right from her hand without her noticing. Not only that, but then he made it appear in a seemingly unopened can of beans. Incredibly charismatic and genuine family man. If he's ever filing in for Mac King, don't be sad-- this guy is great.
5	Very funny, creative and a lot of tricks that make you laugh.
5	Very funny! Good for children if you brought them to Vegas. He uses lots of people from the audience. Show lasted about 1 hour 15 minutes.
5	Funny!!  You won't be disappointed .  Excellent show, he is very talented .  While you could bring your kids,  there  are adult innuendos that are really funny .  He can also improvise very well.
5	This may be the best magic show I've ever seen and I've seen many.  It's hilarious. Mac is incredible. The tricks will have you wondering how he did it all.  The show has something for everyone. You could take your kids and still be rolling in the isle because the "adult jokes" will go right over their heads. The show is inexpensive and you get way more than your money's worth. If you're in vegas and you need something to do during the day this is a must see. If you don't like it there is something simply wrong with you.
4	My 3 boys loved it - ages 7, 10, and 13.  My wife and I thought it was pretty good too.  Not sure I'd ever go back but worth seeing once especially if you have kids - although I saw quite a few older couples w/ no kids there too.
5	Very fun afternoon show. I would do it again as I hear he changes things up on a regular basis.
5	This was a far btter show than I thought. This show was actualiy really really really really funny!!! He kept us laughing the whole time and had some pretty amazing tricks as well. This show is good for families because it involves the kids but it also has sublte adult jokes. Had a lot of fun.
5	Show is very interesting and plenty of audience participation.  Mac is also very entertaining and you can tell that he enjoys what he does.
5	Mac King is a very impressive and entertaining performer. He's got a great attitude, and his show is legitimately funny. It's clear that he spent a lot of time and effort on polishing his act to be up to the quality expected on the strip. Another bonus: it's completely kid friendly. Actually, kids are encouraged, and the prices are so reasonable that you won't feel you are spending too much.A few of the acts are easy to spot the illusion/trickery; however, it's so entertaining on the comedy side that I can look past those. Give this guy a large bankroll and a production team, and he could be doing evening performances for thousands each night at $100+ ticket prices.I'll be back on my next visit. And probably the one after, too. It was really that impressive.
5	I took my 8 year old daughter to this show and she loved it! I enjoyed it also. For a nice afternoon show in Vegas on the strip this is a big thumbs up. We purchased tickets right before the show at the Harrah's box office. Purchase the full price VIP tickets and you get to enter the theater first and if you paid full price...front row for you! If you cannot afford $49 for a show in Vegas maybe you should rethink your vacation and get back to work.
4	This show was hilarious. The tricks were impressive, and couched in a cleverly built routine that had us laughung (parents and kids) from start to end. Far exceeded our expectations. Everything was good and best of all Mac King looked genuinely happy to be doing the show and laughed along with us. Never would have guessed what a great time we would have.
5	It was amazing!!
4	Like he says he's the best afternoon comedy show in Las Vegas [or is he the only afternoon comedy show?]  get a 2 for 1 coupon.  it's a great show for the price,  We enjoyed it.
3	I was happy to go to the Mac King show with my family (we had a reunion and 14 of us went). Mac King was easily heard and did a wonderful job with interacting with the audience. I found his magic to be good and left me wondering "how did he do that?" For example when he picked up a chair with his hands tied together with zippy ties. I was not pleased with the adult humor as this was described as a family show. It was uncomfortable to have comments made about "getting naked" and later rude humor about penetration. There were others, but I am not here to tear the show apart, as the magic and other parts were fine. I feel most of that went over the children's heads, but the show would've done just fine without it.
5	I was able to see this show with my girlfriend last June. This show is very enjoyable, as Mac King is funny,  and a talented magician.  I would imagine every show can be different as he participates with people from the audience and the show me and my girlfriend watched seemed so random and the people he chose were also so random that it can be hard to believe it was all staged.Anyways the show may be good for children, like a review mentioned before me, there are bits of adult humor here and there but not enough that kids would react to very much, not to mention he had a small child participate in the performance. We enjoyed Mac King very very much and recommend anyone and everyone to come to this afternoon show.
3	It was just ok. I went due to the fact of the high ratings and reviews mentioning it was good for kids. I mean it was just ok and not cheap unless you find coupons. Ratings are too high its a 3 star show.
5	Wife and i came from NY on kud free vaca. We saw carrot top (never laughed so hard) the night before and got tix to see this dhow (3pm). Don't listen to anyone, just get ready to laugh. Yes, kid friendly (no curse words). I'd come again.
5	This show is a must go in las vegas! My wife and I had the best time at his 1pm show. Like everyone mentions, the price is great - but I assure you, had I spent 70 on the show, it would have been money well spent.  He has two general categories of magic in which he does many amazing, elegent, and fun tricks :1)  the "close magic" where he does things like instantaneiously puts back together a piece of rope that was clearly just cut in 15 pieces 2) Stage magic  - where he uses probs like boxes and tents to make himself and others disappear and reaappear.My wife and I (In our late 20s/early 30s) really enjoyed the many jokes, excellent magic tricks, and the fun atmosphere that Mac King created. I'm going to recommend it to all my real life friends as well as all you strangers on yelp.
5	Possibly the best deal in Las Vegas. The perfect afternoon break. "Comedy Magic" carries a connotation of something cheap, slapdash, thrown-together. I expected a low-rent birthday magic show. Nothing could be further from the truth. First and foremost, Mac King is an incredibly skilled magician. I'm talking repeated "no way" moments throughout the show. Just wait for the goldfish. Or the hamster. Or the camping. Really, this is quality magic, performed incredibly well.Mac doesn't feature showgirls, tigers, or buzz saws, but his show is spectacular in his pure showmanship and connection with the audience. Performers rarely build such strong rapport with a crowd, but Mac had the entire audience eating (fig newtons) out of his hands (or not his hands). This isn't just a show for kids either. Along with the incredible magic skills, there are a bunch of wink-wink moments for the adults in the crowd. Mac King is no Zumanity, but there's plenty to keep people over 18 entertained. I really can't recommend this show enough. Our tickets included a drink (available from the bar in the back of the showroom, which we had to get ourselves as there was no waitress). Also, the showroom is general seating, booths/tables in the back, theater seating up front. The maitre d' seats the audience throughout the room, and we ended up getting moved up to the "VIP" theater seats from general admission in the back. That said, the room is not huge and I don't think there's really a poor seat in the house.
5	Super entertaining! I went with my parents who barely speak english and they were able to enjoy it just as much, and they were laughing the whole time too. The yelp deal allowed us to sit in the front section and it was VIP so we got to skip the long line.
5	All I can say is... PLEASE go watch the show.  I bought the Yelp deal and it was a breeze getting tickets.  After you present your Yelp voucher, make sure you line up in the VIP line and not the general admission line.  There is a usher that shows you to your seat.  Everyone I went with absolutely loved it, and admitted it was better than previous expectations.  Definitely brings out the inner kid in you and I was actually surprised by how clever a couple of the tricks were.  The only reason why this isn't a $100/ticket production is probably because it razzle dazzle and sex appeal of some of the other shows in Vegas, but Mac King is truly a master of his craft and you won't be disappointed!! :)
5	Highly interactive.  You will seriously wonder how he does the tricks.  My son was called up to the stage, and he never volunteers for anything.  He had a blast.  My husband and I were also called up.  He said he usually likes to spread it around between the families in the audience, but we were the only ones that would admit to being newlyweds (2 days before the show).  Yelp has a good deal, and this is the deal we bought.  However, the guy that was serving talking to people in the back of the show said that almost any show in Vegas you can go up to the ticket counter on the day of the show and tell them you want "the deal."  In this case, "the deal" was $10 at the door for a ticket.  It's worth it either way!
5	Got tickets from Tix4tonight for tickets on the same day of the show... they seat you based on 1st come 1st served unless you upgraded & paid more $ to be seated in VIP section. Great show for kids =)Mac king was very entertaining & fun to watch. Show was a lot better than I expected it to be. =)Tip: Check in on Yelp for a FREE pic & autograph by the comedian himself =)
5	bought tickets on yelp back in June of this yr. It was a great show for 25bucks each ticket. We got to sit right in front. Mac King is very entertaining. You will not regret this show.
5	What the.....? How does he do that with a Guinea Pig?...And then there's the goldfish. And the worm...and the Fig Newtons...and everything else in his one-man/audience participation show. Bravo Mr. King!  We thoroughly enjoyed your show.  Get out their Yelpers and support Mac King! You are missing out if you don't stop by and check out this show on your next Vegas trip!!!!!!!!!
5	Mac King is incredible! In such a small venue, all seats give you a great view. Despite this, you will have no idea how he manages to pull off some of his tricks.  His comedy was also pretty good, particularly if you enjoy puns. His slapstick style really enhances the creativity behind his truly amazing illusions.
5	Saw this show week of Oct 21st 2013. Very very good show. Whole family could go to this show. Loved the audience participation part of show. Very entertaining start to finish
5	Took our son and daughter-in-law and their two little ones (9 and 6) to see Mac King this past weekend. What a great show!! The kids thought it was great fun, but I think the adults enjoyed it even more than the kids. He is incredibly funny, engages in a really fun way with the audience, brings young ones into his act, and he's an amazing magician. We think he's a great talent!See it, well worth the modest ticket price. We'll certainly see him again.Michael I.
4	Pretty funny!
4	Mac King, what can I say. He was funny, entertaining, and did some great magic. No big show with lots of pretty girls and flashy lights. He had a lot of audience participation and did some pretty cool magic. I will go again when we go back. His show is not expensive and is loads of fun. This show is a must for the kids. The best part is watching the audience member who is participating facial expressions.
4	This was my second time seeing Mac King.  It has been several years, and I remembered the show fondly.  Once again, it was an entertaining way to spend some afternoon time in Vegas.  TIP:  Sign up for Total Rewards in the lobby of Harrah's, where you can get a coupon for two free tix with the purchase of "a drink" each.  It'll say the drink is twelve bucks or so, but by the time they add whatever fees get added, it's pretty much fifteen each.  Which is still a STEAL for this show!    Allow plenty of time before the show to turn in your coupon voucher and pay. The afternoon we went (a Tuesday) they were having computer problems, and we waited in line a long time without it moving at all. About the time we were thinking they were going to let computers make a lot of us miss the show entirely, they finally started working.  Then, with just two folks taking money...well, it took awhile.  Patience paid off, however.   After having our pic taken, we were escorted to a table.  If you want to sit in those nifty comfy-looking round booths, be prepared to upgrade.  We were perfectly happy at our table.  The theater is small enough and we had no problem seeing.  The bar is in the back...we took our drink tickets there and a friendly bartender fixed us right up.    When Mac King hits the stage it's non-stop laughs, fun, and how-the-heck-did-he-do that?   Loved the audience participation.  You've got a better shot at getting called up if you have a kid the right age, or you are a newlywed.     This is a show for all ages, and everyone seemed to enjoy and appreciate it as much as we did!
4	Great show!! Family friendly! ! Its a early show so you still have time to enjoy the night life. It's also inexpensive
5	I'll start this by saying that this was booked purely as a back up plan.  I did a lot of research of shows to see in vegas and read a lot about this but had tickets to go see penn and teller (in the 2nd row) so wasnt planning on seeing 2 magic acts.  However sadly the penn and teller show was cancelled for the night we had and it was the only night we could see them so we went to see mac king and it was fantastic.The best way to describe it is just a pure, fun, old school magic experience.  It was very entertaining and we used the yelp deal to get 2 VIP GA tickets for 54 dollars total, it was very worth it and I would recommend everyone to go see it.  It's cheap, it's in the afternoon, and it's on the strip and is a good thing to do if you are tired of gambling and eating.
5	my friend recommend this show to us, and after checking the yelp good reviews, i decided to add it to our itinary for LV vacation visit. so glad that i DID it! it was fantastic, we were laughing from the beginning to the end. the title of the show is quite exact, both "comedy" and "magic". seriously, i kept my eyes on mac king every second for the whole 1.5 hour, but i still could not figure our how he managed to do all the amazing tricks, ***there was even a "bonus" one at the very end of the show which was mac king was wearing a watch of one of his audiences on his wrist, that's ridiculous!!! how he "stole" it?*** i highly recommend this show to anyone who wants to have some family-friendly fun!
4	Mac is a very experienced and skilled magician.Myself and my young family all found something in his act to wonder and laugh at.1st row for a family of 5:  Just $140 though Tickets 4 Tonight.
5	Hilarious. Great price especially with a yelp voucher. Would love to see him again when his show changes. My group laughed from beginning to end!
5	Went here 2 months ago with my boyfriend. It was a great show. Amazing and comical at the same time. Had a good time. It is definitely a good show for children and adults alike. I would recommend this show.
5	First off, for the price, it was worth getting the vip tickets. i love how it was a small stage and everything was so up close. I went with my brother and boyfriend the day after we saw Copperfield, and honestly, I enjoyed this shpw a lot more. Unlike Copperfield, Mac King doesn't get too cheesy. He keeps things going at a good pace, and it feels fresh and funny. He's really funny. I wad laughing the whole time, and his tricks were great .. after seeing a few magic shows now, I found his approach to look pretty unique.. I know they all basically do the same things, but it's how the magician spins it and makes it his own that makez it unique. I had a great time, and would love to see him percorm again.
5	This show was so much better than I thought it would be. To be honest, I really thought it would be a boring, cheesy comedy show that I would only use as a time killer. I'm so glad that I decided to go though because it was hilarious. A variety of jokes to satisfy everybody's sense of humor, and you can use your yelp deal for VIP seats. Only bummer is that the "VIP" seats are actually the booths in the back so you have to share with another party if you have less than 5 people. All in all, great show with a great deal.
5	Great show. We loved it. The kids (7 and 9y) were laughing hysterically and liked it more than Zarkana.
5	The bestie and I decided to finally catch a show while in Vegas, since I get 2 free tickets every month for being a diamond member, and we originally pick Penn and Teller but they were on vacation during the first week of December.  I thought this show was going to be super cheesy but agreed since she picked it.  I was wrong.  This guy is hilarious!  Tickets aren't super expensive like some of the other shows, and even raises money for charity.Way better than expected and would recommend others to see!
5	Great show. Awesome for adults and kids. Highly recommend. Discounted tickets can be found through the hotel rewards program sometimes. Have seen the show twice now.
5	Got 2 free tickets to the Mac King Comedy Magic Show at Harrah casino. The only catch was that you had to purchase 1 drink per person which is about ten dollars. The show is about one hour long and it was fun. Had a lot of great laughs and was entertained throughout the show. Great for kids. Mac King will ask people to come upstage to help with his magic tricks. The show is in a small theater venue.
5	Mac King puts on a really fun family show. He includes a number of audience members and is great at ad libbing with audience comments. He is really very funny and has some great magic tricks. If he had snazzier back drops and promotion he would probably be in a much more expensive casino/show. Definitely worth the $$$.
5	My seven year old had a blast.
5	Excellent show!
4	Great great show!  I love magic with comedy - especially when it's done with such good timing. This made our vacation!
5	This was such a fun show! I want to thank my fellow yelpers for turning me on to it. The Hubby and I went to the 3 pm show and I could tell that he thought it was going to be stupid and boring, but he loved it! We were both in awe at many of the tricks like seriously how did he do that?!! He made a bottle of Corona appear out of thin air! Very entertaining and makes you a bit uneasy because it really seems like magic :-) Also Mac King is very humble and nice, he stays around to sign autographs after the show and chat with the audience.
5	Wonderful show for families with children.  It shows how comedy can be fun without one word inappropriate for kids. But, as all good Children's shows, books, etc, it is lots of fun and entertaining for adults of all ages!!  Comedy and magic in one.  What else does one need for a wonderful afternoon spent with a granddaughter.  We both enjoyed every second of it.  We then bought Mac's book and he was right out there signing the books.  Mac is great! A must see when in Vegas, with or without kids.
5	Great show great price   Tricks are from typical to WHAT but always funny   Best a afternoon I spent in Vegas
5	This is probably the highest value show in Vegas; a couple of hours of entertainment for the super low price of $20. Another big plus is that it's a daytime show; excellent during that lull in the afternoon where you don't feel like drinking more or eating and are a little sleepy because you gambled all night before.I've seen Mac King three times over the last decade, and while his show hasn't changed much over time, it's still really entertaining. I like that you can bring kids (not infants, mind you) and they can enjoy the magic and be totally oblivious of his random raunchy punch lines. I'm a big fan of his jokes: a little self deprecating, a little dirty, and well timed (thanks to the decades he's been telling them).
5	Show 5 starsThe 5 stars are strictly for the magician/comedianWe got free tickets to this show and because of that I think I didn't expect a whole lot however I found it to be very entertaining. It's also nice that it's a kid friendly show without making it seem too cheesy, the magic tricks were pretty cool and aside from that he was very funny and witty. Service 2 starsThe staff that was seating people(well a blonde girl specifically) was rude, she was not rude to us however there was a party in front of us who couldn't find their tickets and she looked at them in such a condescending way and was just plain rude. The drinks at the bar were pretty much sugar on ice so the 5 stars are strictly for Mac King. Service here maybe 2 just cause of the rude hostess. Wish I would have written down her name, aside from being rude she was wearing moccasins that looked like slippers, looked so unprofessional, had she smiled I would have looked past her hideous slippers.
5	Do yourself a favor: Believe all of the comments here and go see this show. My fiance and I were looking for shows to go to, and wanted to avoid the costly cirque du soleil and concerts, we googled about Vegas shows and found about this show. Not only is this show family friendly, it is also extremely funny. We are both in our early thirties, we enjoyed every second of the show. I got called up on the stage to participate in one of his tricks, and I could not believe the things that happened right in front of my eyes. Mac King mixes hilarious improv and magic tricks, and keeps you so entertained lol'ing for the entire 1.5 hrs of the show. At the end of the show he takes time to greet people and sign stuff. I've been to the Copperfield show three times, and I can say that this show is 100 times better, and costs 1/8 of what the Copperfield show costs. It is definitely a fun thing to do on an afternoon in Vegas. Also, the theater is relatively small, so every seat is a good seat.
4	**** This rating is based on getting half off this show.  Full price I give it 3-stars.This 1 hr 15 min show is NOT worth the full price in my opinion which is why you can find deals on it everywhere.  Go to Tix4Tonight for half off or get a coupon in Harrahs (think you need to sign-up for Total Rewards) which just requires you to buy a $14 drink during the show and you get in free!  (I believe 90% of my fellow reviewers got at least half off this show which explains all the 5-star reviews coupled with the fact most everything else in Vegas these days is WAY overpriced so it is refreshing to finally get some decent value for your entertainment dollar!)Let me premise this by saying my family is into magic and we had recently been watching the David Blaine specials on TV.  Unfortunately, having intimate knowledge of how many magic tricks are performed can diminish the 'Wow' factor a bit.  But I've taken that into consideration.First, his jokes are funny but surprisingly sexually crass.  Yes I would still consider it a family show only because 90% of the innuendo goes over the top of kids heads but some of his jokes push the envelope as far as having tweens in the audience.The show is very BASIC.  Virtually no special effects or impressive props.  But that's not necessary for his type of show.  He does a few card tricks which I think is a poor choice considering he is so far away from much of the audience.  A video screen showing close-ups of the card tricks would be a huge improvement.It's an entertaining show that the whole family will love (at half price.) Overall, for me, the show was a bit slow and at least for me, left me feeling like I needed to see a couple more impressive tricks. If you manage your expectation though going in, you will be fully satisfied. He also plugged his books and t-shirts a lot which was a bit cheezy but I guess he has to pay the bills like the rest of us.  Tip: In the back of some of the tourist booklets, there's a coupon for a free t-shirt or book with two ticket stubs which we used.  He did a drawing for one t-shirt.  The t-shirts are basically big advertisements for him. He should have given a dozen away to the crowd instead of a measly one t-shirt which you can get for free with the coupon anyway. Sheesh.Mac seems like a good guy and is highly respected by all the other magicians in Vegas.  He gets a lot of repeat business because of that.  It's a short (good length for small kids), entertaining, family-friendly, enjoyable show that is worth $25 but not much more. If you are on a budget and can't afford the more expensive shows and have kids (or not), this is a good choice.
5	Great show for both kids and adults. My 10 & 13 yr old boys had a blast. They both said it was their favorite thing in Vegas.
5	Hilarious! Can't beat the price, 20 bucks! This is honestly one of the best comedy shows in Vegas.
3	Family friendly, yes but a little too focused on appealing to children in my book. Got the "free tickets" from the Total Rewards sign up and for the $28.00, drinks and show it was a nice break from shopping and gambling but a little corny.  Definitely not worth full price tickets and even the Tix4tonight are overpriced for this show
4	good time good deal
5	It is all we can do to NOT go see Mac King every time we go to Vegas, so we put some space in between like we do with Penn & Teller.We LOVE his afternoon shows. He is as clever and creative as any comedian we have enjoyed over many years. Think a way toned down carrot top, and a blend of Penn & Teller in an afternoon format, not a G rating, but something less than R, PG I guess.Do NOT buy your tix from the lame halfprice tix booths. Let somebody dumber than you stand in the hot sun only to go to same venue where you just got your tix cheaper. Also check the local promo brochures, NOT those card the preverts give you on the street, for additional coupons AT the Harrah's ticket counter on the second floor. NO,  I can't help you find it, no one can, they purposely try and get you lost in the casinos, it's a SpiderWeb...bring $$$."Good Luck ;~)There IS a Yelp deal currently, but I bet you can beat it locally, they sometimes pass out "free" coupons near Harrah's with a one drink minimum. Score.
5	Awesome!! I took my 13 year old son. He loved it. We laughed and he is an amazing magician. It was clean, appropriate and funny. After the show he was signing autographs and shaking hands with patrons. It was a great experience. I'd definitely see him again!
5	HILARIOUS!!!! Great show!!! I definitely recommend it! We had free tickets but the show was so good I would actually pay for tickets Mac King is hilarious and a great magician Plus the drinks at the bar are awesome!!! The bar tender was so helpful
5	Great fun!  We had a blast watching the performer and the audience participation.  Definitely a fun afternoon, would recommend to all ages.
5	Absolutely the best show I have seen in Las Vegas. PERIOD. I've been to Jersery Boys, Ka, O, Mysteire, Zumanity Penn & Teller, and Mac King is the best. He is hilarious, down to earth, and really truly puts on a wonderful 90min of laughter and entertainment. Buy the VIP seats, and just sit in amazement of relatively up close magic. The Guinea Pig Trick is AMAZING. Lots of audience participation and corny, raunchy humor, but that's Vegas.I'd say this show is kid friendly, but don't say I didn't warn you about some naughty jokes.I'd go see Mac King again in a heartbeat!
5	Excellent show. It was very entertaining and my husband and I and my grandson enjoyed it.
5	FUNNY FUNNY FUNNY! I loved the show. Bought the tickets to take my younger kids and I think I laughed more than they did. It was not crowed, although it was a day time show. This guy deserves a bigger spotlight in Vegas, it was better than some of the adult comedy shows I've gone to and some of the more pricey ones offered in Vegas. I would definetly go back again, with or without kids!
5	Didn't expect too much, but it came out to be such an enjoyable, appropriate, and funny show. Nonstop laughters and no trash time. Definitely great for kids! !!
5	This show is hilarious. The magic is pretty good too! Just a fun show for all ages. Tickets are fairly inexpensive. I would definitely go back! Highly recommend this show to anyone looking for a great show at a fair price.
5	Fantastic Show!! My daughter (14yrs) really enjoyed it!! Your sure to die laughing at this guy.
5	Great show for the kids and adults. Mac King doesn't get the respect he deserves. Maybe he needs to ratchet his show up a notch or two by incorporating some white tigers, pink elephants, or hot models.The show is equal parts magic and comedy, and Mac King is adept at both. His improvisational skills are sharp, honed from decades of live performances. If you are a magic aficionado, you have probably seen other people perform Mac's tricks before, but that's true of pretty much every magic act.Compare the price of Mac's show to the other shows on The Strip and it just further accentuates what a great value the Mac King show is.
5	Loved loved loved this show.  This guy is so funny, we laughed the whole show.  We had  a 15 and 13 year old with us, and they thought it was great.  I agree, he doesn't get the credit he deserves.  We thought he was way better than Criss Angel in so many ways. More entertaining, funny, better magic, and great sense of humor.  A must see!  We chose not to have our picture taken before the show, and now regret it.  There is a reason they take them, and it is funny, so do it!
4	I'd definitely recommend this show to friends.  Mac put on a very funny and amusing magic-comedy show that had a little something for everyone.  I particularly like how he was able to sneak in adult-themed comedy in a way that was completely benign to kids, and the show was totally kid-friendly.  Yet it still had a little mature edge too.I'd recommend the VIP seating as it's not a lot more, and is way more comfortable than the general seating which is crowded and you sit sideways to the stage.
4	The magic was cool, I couldn't guess a lot of them. I'm usually good at cracking them like Penn & Teller. It might be because I saw a bit back, still VIP seats though. I got a deal on Yelp and they gave us VIP seats, probably 6 seats back. It was Mac King, the only guy and though his jokes were corny, some of the magic he does were really cool. I'd recommend this to anyone to fill your afternoon with something to do.
4	This was one of the better shows I saw in Vegas.  I did the yelpon so I got a pretty good discount.  For a good laugh a little mystery and inexpensive price tag I had a great experience.  The show is suitable for both young and old.  Mac King has the knack to entertain.  Definitely check the show out when you can.
5	The reviews are spot on. My 8 and 11 year olds loved the magic while the wife and I also chuckled at his wry, double entendre heavy humor. Hard to find a show that adults and kids can both enjoy, much less in Vegas. Drinks are pricey, but what else would you expect.
5	The Mac King show is WORTH IT...  Go check it out!Mac King does some really good tricks, and has fantastic comedic timing.  The humor in the show pushes the envelope right to the edge for a family friendly show, but keeps it clean.  I was rolling with laughter through the show.There is a little bar in the back for drinks, and the bartenders work really fast to serve all the customers.   Well done.  The red headed greater is not very nice.  They really need a sign in the lobby to direct people into the VIP vs regular line, as the red head was downright rude to folks who stood in the VIP line but were not VIP... How were they supposed to know?!  Get a better sign, and tell the red head to lighten up and smile a little.  The bald gentlemen greater was great.  Keep it up!The seating area is quite big, so it is good to get there early to get a seat more in the front.  It is a little hard to see the coolness of the tricks from the back.  Not bad, but just better closer in.A great show.  Mac King is a true professional entertainer.  I highly recommend you check out his show!
5	One of the few and probably the best children's show in Las Vegas that also appeals to adults.  The Mac King show provides a great mixture of comedy and magic.  The tricks are not as grand or magnificent as other much pricier shows on the strip, but interesting enough to keep both adults and children entertained.  My six year old daughter has been to the show two years in a row and Mac King incorporates enough subtle changes to the show to make returning at least once a year worthwhile.  We used the Yelp vouchers both times which saved us money.
5	My family and I saw Mac King last summer in Las Vegas. He was very entertaining and all 3 of my kids (11,10,7) enjoyed the show.  It isn't easy to find something that all my kids enjoy together.  Mac performed some amazing magic tricks and was very funny. A show my family will remember for a long time.  I would definitely recommend seeing his show if you get a chance.
5	Last week was my 3rd time seeing Mac over the last 5 years and the 2nd time in the last year. It's BY FAR the best valued show on the strip. The magic is great and the comedy will have you laughing until your face hurts. This past trip I was seated 4th row (pay the extra few bucks for VIP, well worth it). I'm sure I'll be back to see him again in the next few years as well. This is not a kid's show but it is very family-friendly. Highly recomended!
4	Great show, not just the magic tricks, Mac King is very funny
5	The Mac King Comedy Magic Show is a MUST SEE show for anybody who's visiting in Las Vegas.For starters, you can't beat the price.  It is WELL worth $30 to see his show!To make it more awesome, Mac finds a creative way to blend comedy and magic together.  It's not "cheap" magic either - it's really, really good!Afterwards, Mac King does a meet and greet with his fans where you can get pictures and autographs.  How cool is that?!Bottom Line: Great, Family Friendly show with lots of laughs and good magic.  Perfect for any size group!
5	This is a great show for the whole family!!!I was looking for things to do and found this in the Vegas.com site. Then I went to Yelp to see what the ratings from other yelpers and it was highly recommended. Yelp itself have a great deal with tickets for this show.I had to give it a try and I am glad I did. I was laughing and enjoying this show from beginning to end. I also brought kids ranging from ages 8 to 17 and all of them were laughing and had great smiles after the show.  Thank you Yelp and to all the yelpers for this recommendation!!!
5	Fun show, good for the whole family.  My wife & I both enjoyed it very much.
5	Great family friendly magic show for the times that you are just wandering around the strip in the afternoon.Great price and Mac King definitely puts on a simple but compelling show. No fireworks or frills, but great slight of hand and realistic magic. In fact, because you're just looking at him instead of the effects, his tricks seem all the more amazing!
4	I went for the second time to this show and I would have to say this time was even better than the first time I saw it 5 years ago. Mac King has a great show and also mixes in a good bit of comedy. He does it in a manner that can be funny for adults without it being crude for children. I think this would be a great show to take children to.The price is also right. I'm not sure the normal ticket price because we got free passes with the purchase of a drink when we signed up for the total rewards card in the harrah's casino. So it was a pretty good deal. With each of us (2ppl) getting a drink it worked out to almost $30 total with tip but that's a pretty good price for a show and drink.
4	Show was pretty good. The kids loved it (ages 5 and 7). The show was more like magic for the kids and the comedy (kind of adult geared) was for the older crowd.
3	Our tickets to this show were free, dependent on us buying drinks.  The drink of choice was a pina colada and that was one hell of a good pina colada. The seats in the theater were so tight and crammed that it would make airline seats look like a couch.  I understand the need to make money, but why not just have more shows with more comfortable seating instead of less shows and crammed seating?The show itself was pretty cool.  Mac King is a great magician and has a good sense of humor which moves the show along pretty well.  I have nothing really to compare it to so for what it is I would say I was satisfied with the show overall.Personally to me, it seemed more like a family event and maybe not so much for adults but nonetheless it was still enjoyable because kids laugh at everything and lighten the mood up a bit.
5	I was a little skeptical going to the show as I felt like it was geared towards kids, but I was soon proven wrong. The show was thoroughly enjoyable. The tricks were impressive and I was laughing throughout. I would definitely recommend especially since I got in for only $15.
5	Absolutely the best daytime show I've ever seen in Vegas. Affordable tickets, comfortable theater that allows a great view of the stage from all of the seats.  Up close, slight of hand magic without all of the gaudy glitz of other shows. Mac is very funny and the show is appropriate for all ages (some sexual innuendo for the adults, but it goes right over the heads of the younger crowd). Absolutely worth checking out.
4	Took in the Mac King Comedy Magic Show recently.  This act just goes to show you don't need a huge stage with fancy props to be entertaining.  It's all about the person on stage!  Mac is fun, personable, and has a great sense of humor.  The audience participation part of the show really connects and make it even more fun than just the magic, which was very good.  It didn't cost a fortune and was super entertaining!
5	During mine and my wife's first trip to Vegas we went and saw Mac King comedy magic. We entered with very low expectations after having an absolutely awful experience with Murray Celebrity Magician. Fortunately, we were pleasantly surprised. Mac King's tricks were all very fast and close up, yet it was impossible to see how they were done. His comedic timing was great and in general we found his show to be tremendously entertaining from both a magic and comedy standpoint. We almost didn't go even though we had tickets, but are glad we did. It was the least expensive show we saw, but we enjoyed it nearly as much as the most expensive. The other shows we saw were Murray Celebrity Magician, Zumanity, and Zarkana. Among those only Murray was a disappointment.
5	Mac King is such a doll. He is hilarious and very talented. Everybody who works there is simply amazing and really take care of you. My now fiance surprised me by proposing at the Mac King Show on 07/04/2014. When he contacted them they said they would take care of everything and that it was a great idea. And boy did they take care of everything. Everybody, especially Mac King, made our day so special. One that we will never forgot. And what was even better, they didn't even want any compensation. They were simply happy to help and be part of our moment. Our friends and families have not stopped talking about it. After I was up on stage with the surprise proposal that Mac King played out so marvelously, we stuck around and really enjoyed the show. Even though I was over the moon that we had just got engaged and couldn't really concentrate, Mac King was still making us crack up and fully entertained. We will definitely come back again.
4	Funny dude, had some cool magic tricks. I was really hoping to see some CRAZY SHXT like POOF a big axx whale appears and then BAM and elephant walks out of the whales mouth. Something like that would have made my day.
4	This show has been playing at vegas for well over 15 years. This is my second time watch the show. The first time was before I had kids. Now my kids are a little older, I figured I should bring them to see it too. They love the show. Mac king mainly does card and goldfish tricks. The show is good for kids. Not the best but not the worst either.
5	A fantastic daytime show for the entire family. Mack King is funny and his magic is well performed. This is a very entertaining show!
4	I took my 11 year old son to the Mac King show. We recently moved to Las Vegas from Colorado and I was looking for some kid-friendly entertainment in Sin City. I read the Yelp reviews and other reviews about the Mac King show and decided to give it a try. It did not disappoint! Mac is an old-school magician who is extremely polished and has a great mix of classic magic, adult and kid-friendly humor, and crowd participation. I purchased the tickets on Yelp (which is a fantastic deal). We were VIP GA for the show and I was pleased to find out that while there was an open bar, there are no drink minimums. For a guy on budget, this is one of the best deals on the Strip. I won't spoil the review with a list of magic tricks that Mac does, but I will tell you that they are preformed flawlessly. I think Mac has been performing on the Strip for 15 years - so you know he must be doing something right. He took a lot of time after the show to autograph his books which he was selling for $15/$20 and t-shirts (not sure of the price of those). He took pictures with audience members and was very engaging post-show. The reason for dropping one star off of the review had nothing to do with Mac but more to do with the venue. Outside of the theater it was crowded before/after the show and they made everyone take a photo (which they try to sell you afterwards). The staff seemed a little frenzied when the doors opened - but really this was not a big deal and certainly should not sway your decision to attend the show. It was great!
4	Comparing to other shows in vegas, this one is really worth your time, especially if you have kids. I have heard about other very special and professional shows, i think Mac King is way more friendly and hilarious. He might not have a stunning and huge, gorgeous showroom, but he definitely made me and my friend laugh so hard.I got a special price from vegas website so my seats were upgraded to VIPs, cost around $36. And i said, again, it is enjoyable and worth it!
5	Great fun for the kids AND the adults.Lots of audience participation (mostly kids) and a great way to spend the afternoon.He even waits outside afterwards to sign autographs with everyone. He's a really nice guy!Get the yelp discount and bypass the line!
5	Great magic.  Great comedy.  Great showmanship.  Great price for a quality strip show. Family friendly.  5 stars!
2	I question the reviews that called this a family friendly show.  I was embarrassed at times to have my two elementary school children there.  The magician was literally pulling cards out of his crotch and leering at his female helper on stage.  He reminded me of a dirty old man that wasn't really that funny at all. Even with discounted tickets we felt like it was bad value.  Go see the blue man group like we did after and had a much better family friendly time.
5	Great show.. Worthy all the money you spend.. One of the best way to spend money in Vegas.. Adults will be greatly entertained.. not so much for kids..
4	Great leisurely magic show. Tailored for kids, but even adults can have fun. Relatively inexpensive, so great value for the money.
5	I am a 40 year old man that recently went to Vegas to party it up.  I wanted to also see a few shows while I was in town and the crew I was with decided on checking out some comedy magic.  Mac King was an absolute awesome time.  I was mesmerized with his slight of hand and a most of the tricks he did baffled me.  Not only that, he has a great personality, and my girlfriend was lucky enough to get pulled up on stage for about 10 minutes, which cracked me the F up.  Go see it, and try to get there early to be in the front row.  It's awesome!
5	Seriously... a day time show with 5 stars. Yes, do not doubt the power of Mac King. We paid $28 for two tickets WITH 2 free drinks, what a deal to kill some time on the strip. I was thinking to myself when a friend told me he had been 5 times previous that his expectations must not be that high. Mac King had me from the 1st trick (rope trick) to the end. Hes funny, engaging, and best of all seems to really radiate the fact that he enjoys what he does. Bringing a number of guests onto stage throughout the show was nice as it changed up what was happening and you never knew how they would react or be on stage. The venue itself wasnt bad, and decent layout although i cant say my seat didnt hurt my ass after but it wasnt terrible. Some of the tricks were awesome and a few were obvious but at the same time i was still thoroughly entertained and thats the point. For the money...you cannot beat this kind of entertainment and its super kid friendly which is not easy to find in Vegas. So if you have the young ones in town, take them down to Harrah's and enjoy the show.And for the people who said go see Blue Man Group instead, you have to be kidding me. Triple the price and NO talent what so ever. The hidden band playing the music should be the show, not painted people pretending to make music on stupid costumes.
4	Mac King was funny and the magic was actually pretty impressive. I highly recommend the show to everyone. It was enjoyable for adults and it was cute hearing kids laugh so loud!We got a Total Rewards coupon for free tickets with the purchase of two drinks for $9.50 each. We upgraded to VIP which was another $5 each. Upgrading to VIP also gave us a 2 for 1 coupon to the buffet. We chose VIP mainly because the seats at the front of the theater have more leg room. The regular tickets are those sideways tables. But because there was a small audience for our show, everyone was moved up to the front VIP seats. There are no assigned seats in your section. Before doors open you are either in the VIP line on the right or the regular line on the left. When you are let into the theater, the usher will tell you which seats to sit in. During the show, Mac King brought up a person for almost every trick he did. He didn't make them do anything embarrassing, they were just his helper. When looking at the stage, the aisle to your right is where he selects people and he picks a kid from the front row. We had non-alcoholic frozen drinks that were very good. The only negative was the full figured blonde woman who seemed to be a manager of some sort. Before we were let into the theater she made everyone take a posed picture by the shows photographer. Some people declined and the blonde lady told us that we all needed to do it because it was a part of the show and Mac King does something funny with the pictures. That was a complete LIE. The pictures were NOT in the show, but after the show, they had everyones picture printed, and that same blonde lady was very pushy and tried to force us to walk over to look and buy them. Her rude and cheap behavior is why I took a star off.
4	Great fun and value. My wife and I both enjoyed his tricks and comedy.I even got called up on stage.
5	Awesome show. Laugh from the begin to the end
4	This is probably one of the best deals for a daytime show in Vegas if you sign for the Total Rewards club.  Our hero got a coupon for two "free" tickets with the purchase of drinks by signing up for the Total Rewards club in Harrah's and was more than surprised by the quality of the show.  The theatre is a bit dumpy and Mac King looks a bit like a used encyclopedia salesman from Kentucky, but the tackiness is part of the act.  Our hero would have no regrets paying full cost to see this show a second time.If you want the chance to be a part of the show, spring an extra $5 to sit in the first few rows.  Mac King pulls out audience members for most of his acts to be a part of the show, and it gives each performance a unique twist.  Mac King is also great at handling drunks and hecklers and and it really adds to the comedic effect of the show.The acts are pretty hilarious, and you can expect Mac King to pull everything from a hamster to a fig newton out of his pants.  At the end of the show, you can even grab a picture with Mac King himself free of charge and banter a bit outside the theatre!  Good luck trying THAT with David Copperfield!PROS:- The show is really family friendly, but there's also some hidden adult jokes for the grown ups in there.- It's one of the best deals for two for under $30 if you sign up for the players club and you get a free drink too!- It's hilarious and Mac King puts a nice story element into most of his tricks.CONS:- The theatre itself is a bit old looking and the lighting isn't spectacular.- Fairly limited selection of drinks at the bar.
5	It was a very funny and entertaining family friendly show.  My wife and I sat up front and we couldn't figure out how he did the magic tricks.  He's good, go see him!
1	I used to LOVE this show, I had a HORRIBLE experience at the Mack King Show, on October 11!  We waited in line forever and some guy got hurt and bled all over the place.  Some biker looking employee named James was asking medical questions and I asked if he was certified and he said no...WTF Harrahs?? Then this other guy got ticked off and some drunk employee Bobby yelled at him and kicked him out of line to get a refund, my kids could smell the alcohol when he was yelling at the poor guy.  WTF Harrahs?  Then the other idiot employee tells another person in line that the guy died while my kids stand there.  Then I complain to this kid manager who tells me if I don't like it I can get my cash back, who runs this place?  In the end a GREAT show but never going back!!!!
4	Second time around, just as much fun as the first. Great show for the price.
5	The tickets are so cheap, I was skeptical to say the least.  I agreed to go with Yelp friends and I was dreading it.So pleasantly surprised!  What a value!It's just magic and comedy in simple form.I was entertained the whole time.  Simple is good.  Cheap is good.  Worth the price!Highly recommend.
5	It's seven hours after the end of the Mac King Show and my kids are still trying to dissect how Mac King engineered his magic tricks.  I guess that's a good sign.  Another good sign is that the kids, as well as grandparents, husband, and myself were continuously laughing during the show. It is very rare these days to find entertainment that appeals to multi generations, but the Mac King Show seems to fit the bill.  In a way, the Mac King Show is really old fashioned, low brow entertainment (notice I am not saying cheap).  There are no fancy costumes, flashing lights, musical numbers, or sexy scantily clad girls.  It is only Mac in his horrible worn out plaid suit and two worn out suitcases that hold various props.  Most of the magic is not new and exciting.  They include rope and card tricks, as well as disappearing acts.  Without giving too much away though I will say that Mac does some tricks with goldfish and guinea pigs that will astound you!  What also makes this show so enjoyable is the comedy.  Mac has a very goofy sense of humor.  I do agree with other reviewers who said he does pepper the comedy with many sexual innuendos, but they are so subtle that they really go above the kids' heads.  Many of the jokes, bits, and magic are  repetitive, which actually makes them funnier as the show progresses.  I think what also makes this show even more enjoyable is the price.   We got VIP tickets in advance and paid about $30 for each. I believe there are even better deals out there. There is even a deal on Yelp right now!   Before going to Vegas, we knew we wanted to go to a show and investigated many different shows especially the magic shows.  Most of the shows cost at least $130, not $30!   Yes, the theater is in  Harrah's, which is not the classiest hotel, the venue is a bit old & shabby.  Even Mac King looks a bit worn out and shabby in his old oversized plaid suit (which I believe is key for sleight of hand tricks).  Nevertheless, Mac King is a class act.....and the best entertainment value on the strip.
5	Probably the best magic show I have been to (I have been to many of them) and definitely worth the money.  Upon entrance to the show, there wasn't much in a way of signage for the VIP's and general admission.  Seating could had been a bit more comfortable but the theatre is a bit old in the Harrah's Casino.Mac King comes out and awful brown plaid 1960's suit that something that his grandfather would wear and two ding up suitcases haha!  His jokes were just hilarious from someone in the audience messing up the "trick" to sexual things.  But all the jokes and such are very PG friendly for the whole audience.  Nothing too graphic and such.  Probably the best trick without revealing too much was the beer bottle trick.Would highly suggest buying your tickets through Yelp to save some dough.  Highly highly recommended!!!
5	Great for Kids (over 5yrs) & Adults.
5	Very entertaining show for kids and adults alike. Great magic show and funny interaction with the audience. Definitely must if you're in Vegas and want to spend quality time with the family and not with the card dealers! :)
5	Totally worth it. Seems like a nice person. Funny. Our kids enjoyed it and tried to figure out how he did all of his tricks. Get there early as it's open seating unless you pay for reserved seats. Afterwards Mac King came outside to sign autographs, take pics, He did pitch his stuff (ie. magic kits) but nothing was overly priced. As others have mentioned there are some adult jokes but our kids were too young to get them. Funny for us though.
4	The Mac King Comedy is constantly wonderful for their comedy. I go for Super Free Monday or Wednesday. This isn't like any other comedy club. There are no drink requirements. Some shows require tickets for $5-10, but on Mondays, there is free programming, and all Wednesday programming is free! Don't let that fool you, though. Just because it's free doesn't mean it isn't worth paying for. These guys know what they're doing. Did I mention their bar is also well priced?
5	Great, great show.  We were in Vegas during a very slow time.  It was right after the New Year and most shows took extra days off.  The audience had maybe 50 people in it and most performers would have cancelled the show and told the audience to come back for the 3pm show.  Not Mac King, he was wonderful.  He entertained the audience like it was a full house.  My boys loved the show (we actually enjoyed it more than the Blue Man Group).  I can not recommend this show more to families and adults as well.  Really, really enjoyed myself
