4	I was in AZ for the thanksgiving weekend and we checked out Rawhide.  It was really fun.  Lots of nice stuff in the gift shops but expensive, as it usually is.I felt like I was a kid again, panning for gold and rock climbing.  I even rode a mechanical bull for the first time ever.My kids loved it and I'm glad I went!
4	I went once when it was up in Scottsdale and I probably wouldn't have gone again (Old Tucson is a lot better), but there was a huge group going and I was invited to do the Sundown Cookout.  I'd never gone before, so I thought I'd give it a little try.First off, it's $45 and if you want first dibs on a table, you have to go early.  The first wagon rolls out at 6pm.  If you're going with a big group like I did, you'll want to reserve a table for the party.To start the party off, you get a little short hayride pulled by horses or mules.  It was a beautiful ride watching the sun set, just a little shorter than I thought it would be.  Once there, everyone gets a straw cowboy hat and red bandana.  For food, you get your choice of steak, ribs, or chicken.  You also get a baked potato, piece of bread, and cowboy beans.  There's free lemonade, iced tea, or coffee.  After the main meal, there's apple pie and marshmallows on big long skewers that you can roast at one of the firepits.The steak was perfectly done - extremely tender and had a good flavor.  I had the ribs and they were fall off the bone good without being too mushy.  I didn't get to try the chicken.  Everyone seemed very happy with their food.The apple pie was pretty good.  The roasting of marshmallows was a nice touch.I'm wavering between giving this place a 3.5 or 4 stars (I'm erring on the positive side) because it's quite expensive.  We also had to wait for a table and weren't the only ones waiting.  Beer was about $4 a bottle, soda was $2.50 a bottle.  There was also live entertainment and a little poker section as well as a play area for kids where they would pretend to rope cattle.  The band was actually pretty good.At one point one of the actors was shooting off his gun, and one girl that must have woken on the wrong side of the bed wrinkled her nose and said that he needed to stop that.  Hellooo, we're supposed to be in the old west....ever see Tombstone?  Maybe if you didn't wear high heels in the desert you wouldn't be in such a bad mood.But I digress.  In the end, we had fun and since I'd never been, it was a good experience.  I probably wouldn't do it again unless someone visiting from out of town really insisted and begged to see it.  By the way, I know I mentioned Old Tucson...but the benefit of Rawhide is that admission is free.  You only pay for food, drink, and souveniers...and of course the Sundown Cookout.
4	Rawhide is quite the experience for a local!  It makes you realize what people expect to see when they come to Arizona on vacation.  A claim to fame is the canon used in the film "Wild Wild West" starring Will Smith.  My mom, boyfriend, and I went to the Steakhouse just inside the gates of Rawhide.  The service was prompt and friendly.  The restaurant is enormous, with both booths and tables available.  The cook wears a cowboy hat, and the servers are in costumes.  I paid $10.95 for a Ceasar salad with no meat, and it was pretty good.  The Sonoran Chicken platter received rave reviews at my table, and the Gambler, which is a fried appetizer dish, was also tasty.  I'd probably stick with the cafe on a future visit, but it was a good experience.  The candy shoppe is amazing!  They stock everything from Pez to SIxlets, and everything in between that you can't find anymore!  I must've spent $20 on the old-fashioned candy, and I've enjoyed everything I've eaten so far!  I would not go out of my way to come here again, but I will definitely be making time for a visit whenever an out-of-town guest is staying with me.  Oh and the best news of all is that I was able to avoid getting very dirty, even though the whole place of separate buildings stands on sand.
2	What a total disappointment. Nowhere as good as the original. IT seemed like a set rather than an actual town. The night we were there not much was open or going on in this place. A couple of store fronts were open with nothing of interest inside.We also had dinner there that night. Oy vey what generic crap  they were serving. The place feels like an old gym made in to a restaurant with much too loud of music playing. If you were not deaf before you went in you would be for hours after you left.Man just so disappointing.
4	I was able to have a very good gluten-free meal (filet, salad with dressing, mashed potatos and corn salad) with minimal explaining (turns out I was the second diner that evening with the same server). The dining area is noisy, but the house band plays great country music.Otherwise, although it was a slow night, the amusement park was very enjoyable.  Likely a good bet with kids or with older adults (my dad had a blast).
4	Reading these reviews, I find it hard to believe people go to Rawhide for adult events. Rawhide is, plain and simple, for kids. And our kids (8 and 10)  LOVED it. They rode the mechanical bull, they took the burro, stagecoach and train rides, they watched the sharpshooter and gunfight shows, and yes, we all had the not very good but not very bad steakhouse dinner together.They asked to go back again the next day. Enough said?If you are looking for dinner with friends, an office party, a wedding rehearsal dinner, or to get engaged, this is definitely not the place.
5	I really like Rawhide. It's a cutesy, western themed fart in the middle of nowhere.It's free to get in, and you can buy a wristband for all the attractions. My 3 year old totally digs it. We've eaten once in the restaurant (pretty good, but expensive) and once in the little cafe (pretty good, too!). Your best bet is to eat somewhere else, then come and go crazy in the candy shop. Oh, dear, sweet Jesus, they have every kind of candy you can remember. Everything! That's mommy's favorite part. It's usually pretty empty, which is nice. We usually feel we have most of the place to ourselves.Their show in the saloon is loud, but pretty entertaining. Be careful around Halloween with the young ones. They don't mind scaring the shit out of kids, plus their train tunnel is full of scary things (I just told mine "quick cover your eyes! It's covered in POOP!").
1	I would have never chosen to go here but my buddy made me go! He was looking for an old Western Town and his parents went here years ago.  I hated to tell him that there was no mechanical bull back in 1888. When we got here there were families celebrating birthdays with kids and large groups of people coming in on tourist buses. It was kind of like a tourist trap. The musical act on stage was uninspired...seemed like they were just playing their music set, taking long breaks and collecting there check. The food was okay...an Outback Steakhouse would have tasted better. My drink came in a cracked glass...how does a bartender not see that before they pour a drink? Answer: Someone who is bad at there job and collecting there check. The fun parts of the evening:  the Rattlesnake we had for dinner. It tasted like Calamari. And the actors in the old western town.  They were in character and it was funny to have conversations with them. It reminded me of that episode of South Park...when the boys went on the field trip to an old western town...I think the creators of the show might have come here for research. If I had kids I would go back here because it would be fun for them.  I would not go here for the food!
4	I took my Euro visitors here.I got them arrestedI made them ride the bullWe went to the restaurant and I made them eat rattlesnakeFYI- The restaurant was excellent, had very tasty food, and awesome management and serversSo while I wouldn't come back here just any random day... next time I have visitors that want some cheesy souvenirs and rattlesnake... here I come Rawwwwwwwwwwhideeeee!
4	My family and I went to Rawhides Doom Town last Friday night and it was so much fun. We did both haunted houses and the "Train of Terror". My 10 year old daugter was so scared before we even got into the 1st haunted house but then she had such a great time although she got a little scared at times. If you want a truly scary experience this is not for you. It is great Halloween fun for familys. My favorite part was the train ride. There were houses and buildings set up like a ghost town with dead people and eery lights. It was really fun.
3	HAUNTED HOUSE THEME REVIEWThere are several other reviews on this so I'm going to stick to the Halloween themed stuff ... I looked all over yelp for these but came up short. So whatever I find I'll write about. Obviously it's a set tourist attraction but fun. The whole street had scary characters roaming around - Headless horseman on a horse, etc. MH was lassoed while I was in the restroom - damn I missed it! and despite my pleas he refused to get lassoed again. The horseman actually sent the teenage girls back into the restroom screaming.The train and truck rides were ok - more kid friendly and not scary. The haunted houses (Asylum & Crypt) were pretty cool. Lots of shower curtains. Lighting a bit disorienting but that's to be expected. Just in case anyone wants to be prepared.What impressed me a lot was how enthuasiastic the players were - so many places you go the characters seem bored and not into it, but here they seemed friendly and like they really enjoyed what they were doing. Wait, I feel a "Priceless" commercial coming on but you can fill it in ... Admission Cost $24. Misc Food & Beer $12 Enjoying enthuastic performers ... you fill in the blank - Expensive - $24 for everything - in retrospect I would have just paid for both haunted houses. Which you were only allowed in once with paid admission, unlike the other stuff which you could ride endlessly.  Hope this helps!
4	A new tradition starts this year ! Santa at Rawhide ! The family had a great time with a tree lighting ceremony and a visit from Santa. The kids loved Santa ( real beard included), sat in his lap and we got a nice Polaroid to boot. Definitely better that any Department Store wanna be. Rawhide did a great job. Looking forward to next year.
2	Well, you would think that I would learn my lesson.  I should NOT be doing anything before reading the reviews on Yelp first!  We had friends in from out of town over the holidays, and we thought we'd take them to see some of the "old west" and have some fun.  Sadly, it ended up being pretty lame to be brutally honest.  We did have some fun having our husbands arrested, and they had some fun drinking a whiskey at the saloon, but other than that, Rawhide is definitely meant for kids.  EXCEPT for the super strong margaritas at the Margarita Bar.  ;)Unless you're taking kids, skip Rawhide and take your out of towners to Goldfield Ghost Town in AJ instead.
4	Farmers Market on Saturday mornings! I've been twice to the  market supported by local farms, butcher and artists. Loved it. Where else do they have live music and delicious steak and eggs or roasted vegetable omelet topped with goat cheese for $5?  I found gorgeous fresh fruit and vegetables dirt cheap!  If you go don't miss the Pink Lady apples from a Wilcox orchard. 9-12 a.m. Every Saturday.
3	Been to Rawhide several times over the years. It is true it's better with kids. A really good time is to go for the live bull riding. It's cheap and is also an adult or family activity. It used to be on Friday nights. Now, I think, it is on Saturday's. Food is half way decent, a little pricey. My wife and I usually order a combo meal, split it and get dessert. Rawhide is also kinda fun to go to during Halloween and also Christmas.
4	I have to break this review down into 3 sections to do it right: Farmer's Market, the Wild West Town and the Steakhouse.We started out with the Farmer's Market - a great collection of vendors, some amazing fresh veggies (mmmm, green tomatoes!) and fry bread!  The best deal in town for a huge breakfast! Steak, home fries, eggs and Texas toast for only $5.00!  You can't beat that with a stick, but a fork will do just fine.  That breakfast stayed with us all day.  The only thing they really need is more shade - we ended up eating inside the bar, because there is NO shade at the outdoor seating area.  Fine at night, but this time of year, a little too uncomfortable.We were so impressed, we decided to come back for dinner when the "town" opened up. I'm not sure if it's because it's off season, but the town itself was not that impressive.  Yes, the buildings are cool, and they did a great job setting everything up.  It was just....well...boring.  The moved all the action into the "stage" area, and there were very few people in costume walking the streets and interacting with the guests.  It felt more like a ghost town then a wild west town.  Of course, this wasn't the reason we came back, which leads me to the third and final part of my review, the steak house.We were seated right away, and a pretty decent C&W live band was playing, with lots of classics by Roger Miller, Johnny Cash and other classics.The servers were friendly and helpful, and we took our time deciding what to eat.  We all decided to try the Rawhide Amber - a nice, well balanced beer.  We also started with the fried onion strings and fried green tomatoes (couldn't wait to cook ours up.)  The onion strings were great, and as a starter, the basket was plenty for 5 people to share.  The fried green tomatoes were good, the feta on top really tasted great, but the breading wasn't the best I've ever had.  They also brought out little cornbread muffins, the best I've had that my mom didn't make, and a jar of delicious bread and butter pickles.  Honestly, I probably could have walked away satisfied after just the starters!Side note:  We didn't bother with the rattlesnake, as we are all natives, and have had it before!On to the main course, the three ladies ordered the Fillet Mignon, and the guys ordered one of the Sonoran Chicken specials and the Yellow Bellied Cowboy.  Sadly, I can't tell you how the Sonoran chicken was, as about 5 minutes before they served us, the waitress came to tell us that they were out.  We were left to wonder how long it takes to figure out you are out of something.  It turned out just fine, as they took the whole order off the check, but still brought my grandfather his side items, and we all shared with him.   It's not like we were running low on food...  The fillet was one of the best I've ever had, juicy and flavorful, cooked to perfection.  On a lovey bed of mashed potatoes that became infused with the juices of the fillet.My mouth kept saying eat! Eat! but my stomach screamed for mercy, so I had to request a box.  We couldn't even think of dessert, but it sounded amazing from the descriptions on the menu!I'd go back for an awesome steak meal anytime, and plan on hitting up the market frequently, but I wouldn't build the town up to out of town guests.  It's fun, as long as you aren't expecting too much, save that for Old Tucson.
2	I was fortunate to be in town during Memorial Weekend so I could check out the Farmer's Market and the $5 breakfast. FYI, the Market is closed for the summer and will re-open in October. We got there a little after 9am, but there was only a handful of vendors.  That was disappointing, but maybe we got there too early.  Since I didn't want any jewelry or honey, I went to stand in line for breakfast.  You actually pay first at the cashier line, then take your receipt to the breakfast station, so if it's crowded, you'll be standing in 2 lines.  A little annoying, but the breakfast station line moves fast.  I had the veggie frittata w/goat cheese, which came with Texas toast and potatoes.  It was ok, nothing special.  Other choices included pancakes and steak.  Not too much to do in the morning.  No mechanical bull, no activities.  The sundown hay ride and cookout might be more fun, but I was pretty disappointed. Probably won't go back.
3	If you're torn btwn taking out of towners btwn Rawhide or another event, I'd say pick the other event.  This should be the backup choice, when all has been seen or done and you want to pass an evening with no high expectations with them.  You can read the rest of the reviews of what you are in for.If there are small kids involved who are still crazing on Toy Story, then I'd lean here.
4	Went to the steakhouse last night. I have been there several times and each experiance had been average at best. Well, yesterday's meal was awesome! The steak and chicken were seasoned and cooked to perfection! My only complaint would be the beans they were overseasoned and nobody at our table ate them. Thankfully I had ordered a baked potato and it was great too!
4	Never been, but have always been secretly lured by the neon lights and the little ball of activity that is Wild Horse Pass.  Out of towners are here for Christmas and I figured this will be our little local flavor for this visit.  Yes the prices in the steakhouse is pricey - BUT, they will split the plate for an additional $5 no problemo.  We had the City Slicker NY Strip medium rare and it was pretty darned tasty; I didn't eat myself into oblivion--thank Heavens!  Guests followed suit with the T-Bone.  We scanned through the cute little stores and the different attractions.  All of the attendants were very cordial :)I'm a little interested in visiting in the spring when it's a little warmer.
4	Overall we enjoyed our time.  The town is downright cool looking with all of the people in costume walking around.  They really stay in character and it makes it very fun.  We got a margharita right away and walked the town area, watching shootouts, etc.  We got my Mom arrested and then had dinner at the steakhouse.  Afterwards we had smores by the fire and talked.  My only complaint is that you literally can't hear the shows that they put on all over town (free ones) because they don't mic themselves.  Other than that we loved it and will be bringing our parents back when they visit in Feb!
3	You know, I grew up going to the old location for Rawhide when I was a kid. We went every single time that we had company visiting. I remembered it being really great then, but as an adult... maybe it's just because I've been there so many times I just wasn't as enthralled as I was in my childhood. I do have to say that I appreciate getting a hat tip from guys when walking around, it's always a nice compliment.My family decided to get old west photos taken while we were all together, and the set up they have in their studio here is pretty impressive. Most places that do western photos only have one back drop, this place has several. They have tons of items to choose from when dressing up. The staff is pleasant and friendly.The shops in Rawhide were a little sparse to be honest; I was kind of surprised they didn't have more stuff in them. It is apparent to me this place is feeling the sting of the economy, especially because it is free. It is, none the less, relatively entertaining. I don't know if I would go back again if I weren't on a picture taking mission, or wanting to feel a bit of my childhood memories. It is probably best as a first time experience.
4	Rawhide is a cute little ranch on the grounds of the Sheraton Wild Horse Pass and Resort. From the resort, there is a small boat that will take you over to the entrance or you can drive to it yourself. They have a general store, saloon, jail, blacksmith, and variety of other specialty stores. They even have a simulated gun show at 9PM (must buy a ticket to see though). When I went it was pretty cold, so there were fire pits set up all around the ranch. I bet if you were to be there in the summer it would be just beautiful with the live music and picnic benches. It's a cool little place to visit if you're staying at the resort, but I'm not sure why you would go otherwise.
5	So fun. Was visiting 2 years ago some family in town and we went here. Get a sarsaparilla as you watch the young kids in your family ride the donkeys. Really cool, especially since there isn't anything like this where I live. (Not that NB isn't a bad place to live!)
4	Great Steaks! My favorite is still the T-bone... Also order the jalapeno muffins.
4	clearly RAWHIDE makes an effort to keep things family friendly -- like $2 water (which i paid $6 the day before at a baseball game). the kids had a blast climbing the rock wall (JULIANA made it nearly to the top), riding the train, the stagecoach and the burros. WYATT was completely fascinated by the blacksmith and watched him work for over an hour. for me the hi-lite was when the four-year old got arrested (for breaking hearts) and tossed in the RAWHIDE jail. he couldn't stop giggling. JULIANA panned for gold until her fingers looked like skinny, white prunes. i think the kids could have spent the entire day in the petting zoo with the pot-bellied pigs, the baby goats, the llama, the sheep and the chickens.the gunfights were high drama !!  we splurged ($40) on an 8x10 sepia photograph of the TATUM clan as outlaws and saloon girls which we christened the "HOLE-IN-THE-HEAD GANG" ...three days later and the kids are still wearing their hats and sherriff badges. great family fun on a shoestring budget.
5	Short one... Really fun, Characters are fantastic. Definitely see the gun shoot out and the old time photos are worth the kinda expensive price. good time for all ages.
1	Very disappointed.  Nowhere in the materials online or in our travel book did it say this place is closed due to inclement weather.  Would it be so hard to put a "ticker" on your website with this information if you do in fact close?  AZ has so few days of really poor weather, I know... but for those few days, help a tourist out, right?Needless to say, deciding to brave the weather, my fiancee and I drove down from Scottsdale (a 45 minute drive from the north end of town) only to find a "closed" sign on the main sign.  The outside looked nice--I'm sure it is a stellar place-- but will never know.  :(The had on their website closed for an event that evening, so the closed for the day due to weather is a no-brainer.  Sorry Rawhide...
4	This place is cool. It has a lot to offer compared to just a regular restaurant. It's an old western little town with a dirt road, shoppes, and a steakhouse which has live country music. There is also a straight up saloon that makes even the biggest city slicker feel like Clint Eastwood.But wait, there's more! Cowboy sunset cookouts, gunfighter shows and Bull riding! Thats my kind of fun, and still very family friendly. 1 downside- the rocky dirt parking lot. No heels or flip flops- way too much dirt so pull out those Cowboy boots & have fun.
4	This place is perfect for the kids. Its' cozy size (there really is just the Main street) and overall look worked wonders for the kids, they felt they were transported to the Wild West. they loved seeing the "real" cowboys.In the evening it's perfect because it's cooler and they light campfires at both ends of the main street. For a $15 dollar pass (a bracelet) you can do unlimited activites. Do three activities and it's paid for. We did the train ride, rock wall, gold panning, gun fight show, burro ride and mechanical bull.this place is probably better suited for younger kids, there might not be enough to interest teens.This place is a little rough around the edges but what old tymey western town isn't? Go for a casual slow paced night out with the family.
4	My husband and I went on a Thursday Evening in April for dinner and some entertainment.  I think it was a great time to go because there weren't too many tourists there, except for us.  :)    I think most of the people there were locals. First, we ate at the Steakhouse.  I would definitely recomment the BBQ ribs.  They were finger-lickin' good.  My husband had the T-bone, which he liked.  While we ate dinner, we listened to the tunes of a live band.  I loved when they played me some Johnny Cash.    We walked around.  The attractions are great for a younger age group (under 16).  We had a nice time walking around, taking pictures and all.
4	Flat iron steak was darn good at a nice price. Only reason it isn't a 5 is because the beer selection stinks and the saloon was dead.
5	My only experience is Mother's Day Brunch, but it rocked! Probably the best BBQ buffet I've ever had. Very Vegas like! The filet medallions were probably the best meat I've ever had at a buffet. The kids loved the live country band. I just wish it was open earlier before the sun started beating down. I'd definitely go there again if passing through Phoenix.
5	It was so fun!  We went there Saturday night and we're in Phoenix for 1 more day...can I tell you?  I'm tempted to go again!  I say get the $15 pass that you can use throughout the day.  The gun show and mechanical bull were both memorable.  We didn't go on the mechanical bull but we imagined we did...through the people who were courageous enough to do so!  The stores...awesome (if I weren't tired, I'd write more about what's there...but seriously, there's so much stuff there)!We also had dinner over there...LOVED IT! 1 1/2 lb porterhouse $28.  Rattlesnake $16...it's breaded and about a foot long.  When you eat it, if you didn't know it was rattlesnake, you'd think it's chewy chicken w/lots of small bones in it.  They even give you a certificate after you eat it.   we didn't eat it though!All I can say is that coming w/a 5 year old...this place was so fun!  They even had a band play throughout the evening.  Some people got up to dance.
4	The place is a little bit campy but great for first timers to the Phoenix area. Food seemed a bit pricey but the "town" ambiance makes up for the increase in price. Also the staff is super friendly and helpful, even when it was over 100 degrees with annoying kids running around and the staff dressed in full leather. Especially the town sheriff, glad to know there are good people still out there.
4	Cowboy up people, this place is all about the old west. Gun fights in the streets, horse rides, jails for the spouse, its got something for everyone. I told my kids there and they had a ball. My son loved it with his boots and hat and cowboy gun. Its a excellent place to go for the whole family. Yee Haw.
3	It's okay,  It's a fun adventure for the kids and families not for a date.
1	They do a great job on the haunted house, but look, let's talk value.  The price of admission for the haunted house, $25.  The price of a "town pass" another $15.  The price of parking $5...yes, ONE FINAL INSULT, charging for parking in a DIRT PARKING LOT!  That takes some giant balls of steel to charge for parking in a dirt parking lot.  Wow.  Just wow.  This final money grab is going to end up costing them some money.  I for one will not be back next year.  Forget these clowns.
4	Fun!  Like being back in the old west.
4	Loved it!!!Got to ride the stage coach, the train and enjoy a great gunfight/stunt show.Food was great, and the Roughriders were the best.Super friendly and all the kids seemed to like it.Definitely a must do if you have time in the Phoenix area. Get the park pass for $15.
4	Visited this place twice or three times... can't remember.  I know people find "fake" western towns cheesy.... I rather enjoyed it.  But then again, I go on days that there are no entrance fees.  The restaurant is average in food, but I enjoyed it.  Love walking around and watching my kids run around the dirt roads.It's a great place for kids, IMO... and if you, as an adult, like western towns... I'd at least stop by for pics and a stroll.  But remember it's "fake".  Old Town Tucson is quite nice, if you compare the two... but I would never pay as much as Old Town charges again.  One time solo is enough for this gal.
4	This place was pretty much dead when I visited. The dirt road and fires were kind of cheesy to be honest but entrance was free and it's a unique environment. The gun show was the saving grace. For only $5, you get to see quite the performance and there's many different shows to see.
2	Clearly a fun place to take a big group or the kiddos.  Don't come here for the food.  You come for the atmosphere.  Real old-timey cowboys and gunslingers walk around with serious faces and guns.  The staff is dressed as cowboys/cowgirls.  There's a big dance floor and and old Kenny Rogers looking man on stage strumming a guitar.  I was two large tables of people from work and we had a great time.  Everyone enjoyed singing on stage and dancing to the old country and classic tunes.  At 9pm we made our way outside to watch a gunfight and then everyone took turns riding the mechanical bull.  There were hay bales to sit on and fire pits for warmth.  As for the food, we had a special menu created for our large group.  We had your typical boring starter salad.  The highlight was the little jalapeno cornbread muffin that came with it.  For my entree I tried the salmon/filet combo.  Both were tiny and overcooked.  My med-rare steak was more medium and my salmon was black and crunchy on the bottom.  The automatic sides were a bowl of beans (which I did not try) and corn on the cob (which I did not get--assuming they dropped it on the floor because there was a greasy spot on my plate from where I believe it had once been).   There was also a piece of toast which I also did not try.  After all that, I decided to skip the apple pie and drink my dessert.
2	This is a good place to get FAT and POOR. I came here for the first time in about 15 years because my mom said we could get in for free. They have actual sets from movies like Wild Wild West and the Rifleman. Good photo ops. However, I'm not sure anybody would want to pay to get in unless you're Canadian or from back East. There's not a lot to do. By waiting an hour for a stagecoach ride I missed the gunfight. It wouldn't happen again for two hours. They have burro rides. Ugh. A children's rock climbing wall that only goes 40 feet high. Whatever. The whole town is basically shops and restaurants. You can pay big bucks for a straw hat (yeahh!), for western toys like trains or you can go to a restaurant and pay $20 for a steak and potatoes (yee ha!) If you want ice cream, it's at least $3 and the person that takes your order barely speaks English. A burger is $6. I don't know what the admission price is for the "privilege" of going here.
3	I took my family during their birthday celebration because it was free.  It was a great deal.  My kid had a blast!  She loved it and still talks about "the cowboy hat."  They have a nice petting zoo with quite a few different animals.  Also, burro or mule rides (we passed on that) were available.  The town is pretty cute with a couple of different things going on to entertain you - shows, bull rides, games.  There are a couple of different shops to buy some food but we opted for the restaurant.  Food was mediocre at best and the selection was very small.  Service was only so-so.Finding a little bar and getting a margarita and beer to walk around with was a welcomed surprise.Bottom line, this place is pretty cool and a great place to take out-of-town family.  I am not sure that I'd spend the money on the admission then spend the money on each "attraction."  I think we would have been disappointed but free is always a good price for trying new things, if they offer free admission again I'd probably go again.  I definitely wouldn't recommend the restaurant.
4	For those who like the kitchy type experience, this is a place for you. We were allowed access on a rental basis for a conference that we were attending. This is an old west town where you still have the wood sidewalks and the dirt right down the middle of town. Places to eat and places to spend your money, this is a good place to spend your time and money.
3	We came late on a Saturday night. and had dinner at the Steakhouse. The service was fast and pleasant. The dinner salads were very good. The blue cheese was the best I have ever had and the little corn muffin was perfect.My husband got the prime rib. It was seasoned fine, but I am of the opinion that they use lower grade beef. You just cannot roast a choice or select prime rib and have it come out so tough. The sirloin I got was tough and grisly as well. The beans and corn were prefect as were the baby back ribs. They need to work on the sauce, but the ribs were fall apart tender.I did get to go into the shops and listen to some music. It was nice, but corny and campy like a tourist trap should be. I rather like them and Rawhide is a fun place to while away a portion of the day.
4	wow, we came down for spring training and was looking for something touristy to do that we could bring our little boy to. Admission was free and it as we were walking in this family gave us their armbands they didnt use. Infact they didnt even check our armbands. We didnt eat at the restaurants but did the attractions. Its great for families though.
5	We visited Rawhide recently and enjoyed our trip tremendously. We were greeted right at the entry and welcomed. We purchased the passes that allow you to see the shows, ride the train, stage coach, visit the petting zoo, pan for gold and climb the rock wall. Children 3 and under are free with a paying adult. (one hiccup with this is that the adults cannot ride the burros so if you have someone under 4 you'll have to buy tickets to ride those). The train ride takes you through a desert area with old buildings, the requisite graveyard, and the all important tunnel. The engineer, Patrick O'Reily shared all the cliches necessary for an old west train ride (mother-in-law jokes included at no extra charge!). We rode the train five times and the story was consistently corny each time.  Yes, five times, did I mention we travel with three year olds?We also took the bumpy, bumpy, bumpy stage coach ride (yes, using the same adjective three times is aptly descriptive in this case). I think all of us over the age of 3 spent the ride reflecting that people actually had to use this to travel at one point. We panned for gold as the sunset. They ensure that each kiddo gets a good amount of gold in each pan. The kids can then take their gold to the ice cream shop and get a candy. The petting zoo was spacious with goats, ducks, pigs, a horse and randomly an emu! The people running the petting zoo were very friendly and helpful. There is a playground area with little buildings, a stagecoach for the kids to climb in and a wooden play structure. The kids loved it and it gave us an opportunity to check out the Rawhide first aid station. They provide individually wrapped tweezers for you to use should your son get a huge splinter from the wooden play land. The playland area can also be reserved for birthday parties. One of our favorite things was having the kids become Official Junior Deputy Sheirffs. For $5 they are sworn in, given badges and certificates and have their pictures taken. We took in one of the cheese filled shoot out shows; filled with family-friendly comedy, loud guns, and stunts. For dinner we visited the Rawhide Steakhouse. The service was friendly and fast and the food delicious with supersized portions. If you visit be sure to stop by the welcome booth. While we were there they were giving out lassos and bandanas to the kids! We'll definitely be going back when we find a cool day or evening.
2	This review references just the steakhouse. We really only had time for our meal here, so I'll leave the rest of Rawhide to others.Rawhide produces a decent steak, most of the time. On this night, me and one of my friends both ordered a NY strip, medium rare, that essentially came out medium well-to-well.Overcooking a steak is just something you don't do if you're a steakhouse. Devise a system. Time your steaks right. Do whatever you have to do not to screw that up. We were a bit pressed for time, so we didn't send them back, but they were tough, although had a bit of flavor to them.My vote was 2 stars, but my cohorts without overcooked steaks enjoyed their meals alright. The sides are somewhat standard fare, nothing spectacular or amazing by any means, but they bake a potato as well as the next budget steakhouse.On that note, the budget isn't terribly cheap. I think my steak was pushing $25, which is fine for a NY strip if you get it right. The corn on the cob was disappointing (likely frozen and then warmed/briefly grilled?) and that's something you shouldn't try to cheap out on.For dessert, we had a lovely pot o' stearno-powered table-made smore kit, which was fun, and a good $3. Overall, unless you're making an old west evening of it, you can clearly get a much better steak for cheaper at some place like Texas Roadhouse.
5	4th of July - BIG YES!  New Tradition!Entrance fee $10 per person for full access to the grounds, including petting zoo which kept my kids happy for 30 minutes. Probably other stuff too but  I didn't check.Casual atmosphere, fun for kids to run and play and be loud and nobody cares. They had a store set up for clearance items $1 - $5 keeps the Tourists happy!Fireworks were 100% in the air this year so ANYWHERE was a good spot to view!  Reasonably priced beer ($3 domestic) and beverages.  Free parking. You can pay upscale prices at the sit-down restaurant or drop around 8 a plate at the other locations.  EIther way, support a good recreational site, don't be stingy, its expensive to keep up these places with staff and facilities.
4	This one is specific to the steakhouse. While the prices are a bit high, it is expected since it is a tourist attraction and does have the additional cost of being a "Old West" attraction.  That being said, they had a $10 - 10oz deal on fillet or strip steak.  The sides are not the most exciting, but the steaks here have a great flavor and mine have always come cooked to temp.  AND you get great live music (mostly country and western, but they throw in some others). I would recommend taking the kids and enjoy all Rawhide has to offer.Note- call and make a reservation, sometimes the place is wide open, others booked to capacity (tourist buses), so planning can help make sure you get a seat.
3	One of our family reunion's functions was held here.  This was the only planned outdoor event, being that it was July in Arizona, where the average temp is 130 degrees (or something like that).  So we all got into the spirit of the Ol' West and purchased straw cowboy hats from Walgreens for $5.99, knowing full well that a tourist trap like Rawhide would charge three times that much for the same cheap hat.  I wanted to use the money I saved on my Walgreens hat to ride the mechanical bull, the train, and the stagecoach-supposedly $5 for each "attraction".  I'm a tourist trap's dream customer wherever I'm away from home.  I love all things cheesy, touristy, kitschy, campy.  So I did love the idea of Rawhide.  Lots of photo ops in front of covered wagons as you approach the entrance, "rollin', rollin', rollin" Rawhide song blaring over the intercom, and men dressed as cowboys, greeting you with "Howdy, Partner".  AWESOME.  I can imagine during the Phoenix vacation season (would that be winter?), this place is equivalent to a small western Disneyland.  Unfortunately, the night we went, it was more of a ghost town.  Besides our group of 50, there was hardly any other patrons.  We headed straight for a building reserved just for us and promptly got our dinner served.Our BBQ dinner was better than average.  A quarter chicken (mine was a bit dry), a small piece of steak (delicious), baked beans, corn on the cob, and Texas toast (cold).  A small side salad would have been a nice addition to the meal, but it was plenty of food nonetheless.  We went to the margarita kiosk and got a surprisingly strong cup for $6.  A few of us got the margarita in a boot for $8.  During the speeches and music after dinner, we noticed the wind started picking up outside.  A lot.  The place is all dirt, so it produced a mini dust storm.  Wild.  Then the lighting and rain started.  No one told me that July was monsoon weather in Arizona.  As we were making our way through mud to the parking lot, one of the cowboy staff said, "Yup, the town's shuttin' down.  There's a storm brewin'."  So we missed out on all the "attractions", including the gun show, which sounded like a lot of cheesy fun.  The only thing I got to see was an "arrest" of another tourist.  You can pay $10 to have someone "arrested" by the sheriff and put in jail.  They made the poor guy run around with a stick horse between his legs.  I thought it was pretty funny.
3	This review is for the Steakhouse only.  By the time we got there we were too late to tour around the town.  The Steakhouse was okay.  We came because we had an out of towner and thought this would be a good place to try something "Arizonan", ie. Rattlesnake.  Well, we ordered the rattlesnake appetizer, and I can't say we could even tell it was rattlesnake.  It was deep fried, and a small portion.  It basically looked like mini popcorn chicken. We each ordered a steak (they are known for their T-bone), and it was again okay.  Nothing great, but not bad.  It was nicely seasoned, but definitely doesn't compare to some of the nicer steakhouses in the valley.  You get a much more "rustic" feel to the steak.  The restaurant wasn't super busy, yet the service was still slow. So, be ready to slow down and take in the Wild Wild West and not expect speedy fast paced service.
2	This place has really gone down hill since relocating from Scottsdale. The food is over priced and poor quality. Spend your money and time some place else.
3	This place is great for families with children. It's a replica of an old Midwestern town and theres actors that put on gun shows, but just remember to tell the kiddies it's only make believe lol. The food was average nothing over the top which I wasn't expecting it to be. The menu mainly consists of burgers, BBQ, steak, salad, shrimp ect. I had the salmon with veggies, it was good.  Because it was about 20 of us, we got seated in a room with a bar and a band. The kids loved it because we were the only people in the room and the singer allowed the kids to dance next to them. Everyone had a great time, it's a place though that u only go once to, and I'm glad we went.
2	This is where you go when you want to pretend you're a real life cowboy.The funniest part of this place is the plaque on one of the cannons actually used in the movie "Wild Wild West" and that they're proud of it... authenticity be damned, this cannon was used in a movie that involved the Wild West and a giant, robotic spider.
1	Oh dear, what has happened to Rawhide and the Steakhouse?!?!  I've been taking my kids to Rawhide for Thanksgiving for the past 3 years, and always had a wonderful time.  This year, the kids wrist bands to go on the rides/attractions were still $15, but the train is gone and the Stagecoach was MIA for 2 hours, so we spent $15 per kid for them to ride a burro.  The service at Thanksgiving dinner was the worst I've ever seen.  Hungry kids waited an hour and a half, to get Kraft mac-n-cheese and cold chicken strips.  My Thanksgiving dinner was so cold I sent it back.  The waiter brought out bill (at the 2 hour mark) without ever offering us coffee or the pie that came with dinner.  Three conversations with a manager got us no better service.  Sadly, this was the year I brought 10 friends with us.  So a party of 15 left determined to never return.
5	Western Town with fun for everyone - great western store too - and homemade fudge!  Kids are never, ever ready to go home.  We've been back time and time again - wristbands for the kids = hours of rock climbing, petting zoo, burro rides.  Margaritas from Pete are the best - dinner in the Steakhouse is always extraordinary!
2	A friend recommend this place since it's a very touristy thing to do. I'm no BBQ expert, but the food at steakhouse was forgettable. Scouts Half Rack Ribs and 6 oz Top Sirloin (2 stars) - I was torn if I should order steak or ribs so I picked something that had both. The ribs were tender, but there was too much of the not so special BBQ sauce. The Top Sirloin didn't have sear or grill marks on the outside and just tasted bland and chewy. The sides were just okay. You can't really mess up corn on the cob, but I just didn't like the beans and Texas toast. Orange and Peach Cobbler (3 stars) - It was good dessert to end the dinner. It wasn't too sweet. The fruit was fresh and tart. Service (4 stars) - The entire staff was very nice and friendly. They were welcoming to regulars and tourists. There's live entertainment, which included only two people in a band playing country music.  I will not be back if I'm in the area, and I don't think it's something to experience at least once. It's more ideal for families. It wasn't very busy for Saturday night. There were free shows outside. It's probably busier during the day. It's cute layout with different shops to buy a cowboy hat or dress up for a photo op.
5	Had a fun day! Gun fight show was fun to watch.
3	This was our first stop in Arizona. It's touristy and silly but we still had fun. No fee to get in but many of the best things cost money. We skipped the wrist band (which gives you unlimited access to the attractions) and just purchased two attraction tickets so we could see the gun show. In the meantime there was plenty to occupy us that was free.We looked around the museum, checked out some of the cool gift shops (my favorite was probably the blacksmith shop) and ate some delicious fudge. The five dollars per person for the attraction ticket was totally worth it for a twenty minute show. We got our seats early and were entertained by one of the actors. After setting the scene they were off. It was an enjoyable (if not totally cheesy) time. For the young ones there is rock wall climbing, burro rides, gold panning and a petting zoo. (Who am I kidding!? I LOVE petting zoos!!) While Rawhide is definitely geared more toward children it was still a good way to blow an hour or two. I probably wouldn't go back just by myself but if I had a kid in tow and wasn't on a strict budget I would enjoy this cowboy(girl) town like no other.
5	The whole family LOVED this-- grandparents, parents and kids (3 &6 yr olds) a like.  Not only was the place awesome but the people/staff were, too-- and that is what really makes the place.  The blacksmith, the sheriff and the Arizona Rough Riders were our favorite people/places. My only suggestions would be to 1) improve the old-time photo shop. I really wanted to do the old-time photos but that shop lacked information and timeliness. By that I mean that it took the staff over 10 minutes to approach us at all (to say hi or anything), and when they finally did we were told it would be another 10+ minutes before we could be helped... we finally decided we didn't want to waste any more precious time there.  They were nice enough but lacked motivation in getting us to purchase at $30+ photo. And 2) make it more apparent where in the town to get attraction tickets.There was so much to do in the town, though, that we weren't without other options.  In fact, we didn't get everything done that we wanted to!  We ended up eating at the hamburger/hotdog "stand" (which was great)-- can't wait to try the steakhouse next time! The kids are already asking to go back.
1	We decided it would be fun to check this out.  Make a day of it.  I won't spend any time on the "town".  Suffice to say it was disappointing.  Little kids might like it.  When they say "admission to the town is free" it's not really true.  Yes, you can walk down the street for free, but if you want any of the attractions they will charge you.  Be warned.On to the steak house.The ambiance is not bad.  Very rustic.  There was no band when we were there, but they do have a stage for one.  Not sure that would help.  They have no bread service.  So after you order you have nothing to munch while you wait.  And you will wait.  They weren't very busy but we waited.  You would think they must be cooking it fresh, right?  Well...read on...When the food came it looked like typical fare for a steak house.  The steak was a bit tough, but pretty good.  Not $21 good (yes, it was $21), but pretty good.  They appear to use real fire (which is a plus!).  But for $21 I expect a LOT more.  Frankly, Black Angus or Outback are just as good (or better) for less.  The fries were lukewarm.  Definitely not fresh from the oil.  And now comes the puzzle.  The chicken was cooked through, but still cold.  Not COLD, but not even really lukewarm.  Did they really cook this fresh?  I don't see how or it would have been HOT.  I suspect it was reheated.  And before you think maybe it was a fluke, the neighboring table had cold chili.  Yes, that's right.  Of the half dozen or so occupied tables at least TWO of them had cold meals.  Something is fishy here.They did take the chicken (and the chili at the next table) back and replace it.  But I don't buy that it was a fluke.  I think they are reheating old food.  And doing a poor job of it.If you want this sort of food (steak, chicken, etc), there are a lot of places you can go that will do it better for cheaper.  This place is all hype, but they don't perform.  We won't be going back.  They get one star because the steak was pretty good, and because YELP doesn't allow zero stars.
5	We love the Rawhide Steakhouse! This venue is perfect for all types of family gatherings. My extended family and I took our moms here for an early Mother's Day dinner and needless to say, the moms were wowed. Everything about this place is phenomenal. We tried the Rattlesnake and the Rocky Mountain Oysters for appetizers and we each had an entree. The steaks were cooked perfectly and full of flavor. Service from beginning to end was impeccable, our server (I think her name was Whitney), was knowledgeable and helpful when making our selections. The Rawhide Pale Ale is definitely worth trying! Aside from the courteous service we received in the restaurant, I cannot believe how spot-on the band was. The main singer sang All My Ex's Live in Texas almost better than George Strait himself. They played all of our recommendations (Kaw-liga and other Hank Williams hits), and I would return to the Steakhouse again just to see this band. Overall, it was such a wonderfully pleasant experience I cannot wait to take my out-of-town visitors here. I highly recommend the Rawhide Steakhouse to any one looking for an unforgettable experience.
4	Rawhide Steakhouse was awesome!My daughter was visiting from out of town and we decided to go there  before she left AZ  :)We are so glad we did! :)The 'town" is cheesy but you have to expect that from an "attraction". We thought it was a couple of notches better than Knott's Berry Farm Calico Gold mine area.The Sheriff and company made us laugh and the town was a quick walk through but it is a small venue and we think it would probably be better during the weekend with more folks roaming around.We skipped the wristbands and shopped and explored. It was very nice.The Steakhouse was WOW!It was a rustic western steakhouse atmosphere. Checkered table clothes and gas lamps for lighting on the table.We were seated quickly and must have gotten there at the right time for dinner since 5-10 minutes later lots of people showed up.Our server was quick and brought the salads really fast. Not to self: Skip the salad since the entrees are rather large.I ordered the Veggie platter thinking $13 was a tad expensive for a veggie platter (the only real option for Vegetarians) but it was DELISH! There was LOTS of asparagus on the platter with all kinds of seasonal veg and the veggies were not frozen!My other half ordered a rib eye thinking he would never find a decent piece of steak again and was pleasantly surprised. LOL, I am so used to him turning down steaks due to chewiness and fat and this one he said  had flavor ,was very tender, was seasoned perfectly and cooked as ordered. Best steak he has had in years. He regrets not ordering the Porterhouse but thought it would disappoint.  It is definitely next on his list to order there!My daughter had the chocolate cake. It was moist, rich and filling. No complaints.We even enjoyed live entertainment! :)  Hubby was extremely pleased when he heard Ghost Riders being played.Yes, we will be back for dinner again, most likely on the weekend. If you have out of town guests, it might be a bit typical of an attraction, but the people that work there made sure we were all having fun and the food was great. You might want to give it a try!I'm glad it took my special visitor for us to finally stop talking about going there and actually doing it!
3	The food was just okay- not spectacular at all.  However, the apple pie was delicious!  The little town was lots of fun and our daughter got an adorable personalized horseshoe.  The boat ride back to the resort was so convenient and fun as well.
3	We took out of town guests there last Thursday night.  There were not many people there at all so going through the town was not very exciting.  Dinner at the steakhouse was good.  We made sure to do the rattlesnake and rocky mountain oysters and were rewarded with certificates of completion!They only have one vegetarian choice which did restrict what our vegetarian could have but it was a huge plate of grilled vegetables of all kinds.The magician cowboy that came over to our table was exceptional!
1	We had went to rawhide Aug 30 and to celebrate my 10 year anniversary and to try the rattlesnake. First of all it started ok until the new waiter spilled water all over my Dad's back. I understand he was training but the only comp we got from them was "oh sorry he was a trainer" and we got 2 baskets of  cornbread. What kind of comp  is that?  They did not even offer to get his clothes dry cleaned or even dried off. Next the food ... Rattlesnake was no different from popcorn chicken. It was not what I expected. The steak and prime rib was dry and the sides were not good. And I got sick the next day with diarrhea and vomiting. I  spent a lot of money and was disappointed with the entertainment. Overall my experience was 1 one star. Not a happy customer
2	Went here for Thanksgiving dinner. 18.95 for adults and 8.95 for kids. The adults and kids plates were exactly the same, the only difference was a small (and I do mean small) salad that the adults got. The food itself was good, not home cooking but hey you're not at home right? The steak was good as well. The service at dinner was all but not there. We had waitress who was too busy to actually answer questions and be a person, never checked on us for more than a second it was passing by so if you needed something good luck!Atmosphere was cool. The characters that roam around and the other stuff outside the steakhouse were cool too. It was too muddy for some stuff to open since the rain storm hit a week ago and flooded the area but they made the best of it.I would go back, but I don't think I would eat here. The prices for food like any other "amusement" area are crazy high but you're not far from the mall and cheaper food. Over all for no admission costs and tickets/wrist bands it was a great time. It would have been 4 or 5 stars if the service in the steak house was there.
4	Saw a news story on local FOX station this am and decided to try Rawhide for dinner while we were in Arizona. Made reservations and had no wait. Plenty of room and open tables. Great service! Had ribeye and it was good.  Real horseradish.  Fried pickles were excellent.   BBQ chicken was moist. Kids meals available. Preteen had the kids steak and it was more than enough. Teen and I couldn't finish our meals, Best part of meal wasn't on the regular menu. The kids menu had s'mores on it. They bring a small pot to your table so you can roast your own marshmallows, then assemble. Kids and adults loved it!Bought all day wristbands to ride stage coach, climb rock wall, ride the bull and watch the gun shows. Loved the Christmas decor and seeing Santa. Everyone that worked there was extremely friendly and helpful.  We were really surprised at how few people were visiting, but it may have been due to the cold.  They had cool fire pits setup everywhere to stay warm.  Our teen son said he had the best time! So glad we went during our trip!
5	I came here for my husband's office Christmas party and I had a wonderful time!  The Christmas party was held in the Adobe room and as we walked in to the grounds of Rawhide we were greeted by employees dresses in period Western costumes and a roaring fire pit.  There were festive Christmas lights and decorations lining the main street of Rawhide and it was a lovely sight!We were directed to the location of our event and we entered the old fashioned salon style building to see a huge beautiful tree in the main lobby, and old western antiques and beautiful period art everywhere.  The antiques and theme artwork really lent an old west ambiance to the place.We were served steaks, bbq chicken, baked potatoes, beans, salad and garlic bread in a pass-thru line and it was extremely efficient, plus the food was outstanding.  You could look into the open kitchen in the back and see the employees cooking the steaks and chicken over an open pit suspended grill.  It was neat to watch.  The dining room servers were all in western costumes and were friendly and efficient at clearing plates.  There were two cash bars set up and the friendly bartenders were serving perfectly mixed cocktails in addition to beer and wine.This party had a DJ and he did a good job of keeping the party lively and MC'ing the event.  My only complaint was that his mic wasn't turned up quite loud enough for us to hear every speech given buy the managers of my husband's company because we were sitting in the back on the banquet hall.  Aside from that I have no complaints or observations, just that I had an outstanding time!!
2	Not for everyone. Although I think kids would have a decent time here, for 2 adults looking for something to do, Rawhide doesn't have much to offer. We paid $5 for parking and spent about 30 minutes walking through the "town" and took a few pictures. But we really could have gone without. I wouldn't recommend putting this on your to do list for the area but if you're really into the western theme, I suppose you'll find town interesting.
4	I haven't been to rawhide in many years. Even at it's newer location it is still is a great play to take out of town visitors. Where the pavement ends and the west begins. The town and people look like they are from an old west movie. Rawhide is like stepping back in time. It allows you to forget all your troubles during your visit.  ******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean? ********************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
3	We stopped here on our vacation.  There was a beer and wine tasting event the night we were there that really ruined the atmosphere.  The food at the steakhouse was ok for how expensive it was.  The stores had the usual western flair but also very overpriced. The western show wasn't too bad, good for kids.
5	I didn't get to see the prices, because my wife paid for everything. But the steak....the steak! THE STEAK! It was thick, succulent, packed with flavor, marbled with slivers of fat, and just.. STEAK!I loved the folks who work here - who literally just walk around and hang out around town. They're not so in-your-face, they just blend into the background - you really feel like you've been transported back to the old days.And the restaurant serves rattlesnake! I thought there was too much batter, but overall it was good. Tasted like popcorn chicken.
4	This place is cool in a cheesy, fun way. Cowboys, shoot outs and your drunken uncle are all roaming around. Not kidding there's a guy pretending to be a drunk cowboy. He's great comic relief. The shoot outs are pretty regular and entertaining. Heck if you're standing close enough  they will probably use you as an extra. I think I ate half a cow for dinner. The beef ribs were tender and seasoned perfectly. The tri tip was delicious! I could cut it with a butter knife. I also tried their baked beans which were ok. Beans are just a filler anyway. Back to the meat. The BBQ chicken required a bib-just the way I like it. Don't tell my grandfather but their BBQ sauce was better than his! The comedy show featuring Wild Bill was cheesy. I'm sure my little nephew would've done a better job jumping off the roof in a death fall. I didn't expect Michael Bay special effects so the show met my expectations. Overall fun for the whole family.
2	$5 parking. And the "rides" are not cheap. There's a $15 wristband. But there's not much to get on or do. And they charge for the some of the shows. The town itself is really sad. We asked the guy by the mechanical horses for change. He was funny and talked my dad into getting like $10 worth of quarters. My dad being a nice guy went along with it. Come to find out none of the horses worked. He saw all the kids on them. I know because he made a joke about them being on Siesta. Jerk.
4	We were staying at Wild Horse Pass and went to Rawhide for a late dinner our first night in town.  Food and service were very good.  It was not crowded at all.  Walked around the cute 1890's town after we ate but they were closing for the evening so we didn't get to see too much.  I'd like to go back when the town is in full swing.
5	We have been taking our kids here for 2 years now. They love it! This is more for kids than adults. We always let them do the rides but never have had the food there. The photo shop is expensive but worth it. They give lots of attention to each photo and its super fun. The gun show is funny and the actors really work with the audience. We will be back and hopefully get to eat there.
1	Total. Waste.of.Time.The Rawhide western town was an old-school attraction in way north scottsdale years and years ago, then it moved to the gila river indian reservation about 8 years ago, and it is NOT the same. The old rawhide was three times the size of this one and had way more attractions and things to do, especially as a kid. Went to this new location for the first time with company...it was lame, bordering on pathetic. This rawhide at wild horse pass is tiny, it is basically one big steakhouse, with 4 little overpriced gift shops down the dirt street. The petting zoo is tiny and boring, the games are boring, the old west shows cost now, and everything requires a "wristband" that costs 15 bucks. For what?? the two rides you have? No man.The old rawhide had free shows, free attractions, and a lot more atmosphere, this place was sad and a ripoff. The parking costs 5 dollars, god knows why it's just a big dirt lot, and everything inside is hotel-markup price.Total waste of time, unless you are 3 years old you will not enjoy this place. Skip this place and rent "tombstone" on dvd, it's worth the time and money, unlike rawhide.
5	Had a blast! The cowboys and outlaws really interacted with the kids well and there is lots for both kids and adults to do. Burrow rides, wagon rides, petting zoo, rock climbing wall, and much more. Definitely worth the trip.
1	One star is generous! Do not waste your money or your time here. Went here for Easter lunch and shows. Got suckered into the Worst buffet in Phoenix. Wish we knew that they had bar food 100 yards past the steakhouse. But it probably sucks too! All the employees were rude and clearly did not want to be there. We had a party of 7 which gets 35% gratuity added on for terrible service. I know its a tourist trap so they don't have to impress but this was just awful. The guy at the rock wall was mean to the kids, the guy at the gold panning was rude to everyone. When some moms parked their strollers by his booth he said "I guess this is stroller parking" what a jerk. If you want great food and ambience go to San Tan Flats. If you want cowboy shows either drive to Tombstone or just watch the movie.
1	Wish I didn't even  have to leave one star. As someone else said, that's generous.My family used to go to the old Rawhide with all our out-of-town family, and it used to be great! They were fun and friendly, and it was a great time.This year, we took our little one for the Easter fun, and what a DISAPPOINTMENT!! Every single staff member, except for one girl in the Blacksmith shop, was incredibly unfriendly and rude! The girl walking the burros didn't seem to like animals or kids, and was very rude and unfriendly. The petting zoo, and panning for gold people were just as bad. I understood that it was a hot day, but this is your JOB and people pay to have fun at this place.....so unprofessional and maddening to see such unfriendly people working with the public!!The prices wouldn't have been too high if the people had been friendly, and made it an enjoyable experience, but we couldn't get away from there fast enough!! I just used to love going as a kid, and the cowboys and cowgirls were so friendly, and made it fun. These people today were truly awful!!We WILL NOT be going back anytime soon...and based on these reviews I'm sure glad we didn't get the food....which also used to be wonderful!!
4	I wouldn't have known about this place if it weren't for an organized event from a conference I was attending in Phoenix. On a Thursday night, we pretty much took over the place. The inside decor was what I'd expect it to be with historical pictures and such. Food portions were beyond generous. One of my favorite parts were the "cowboys" whether they were "real" or not, did a fantastic job playing the role and conversing with each table. I even took pictures with them!Since we were such a large group, there were ample activities throughout the night. After dinner, folks had the opportunity to line dance as the dining area was converted to a dance floor. Free lessons provided. I chose to explore the outside festivities after eating such a hearty meal. Since I went around the holidays, Santa made an appearance, as well as making it snow! "Real" snow was blowing off the rooftop. As I kept walking, 2 cowboys were having a draw and bang bang, 1 is on the ground, but soon after back alive!Mini museums with cool artifacts and "jails" made for fun photo opportunities. My favorite part was the petting zoo area. I got to make new donkey friends (Lena and George.) They were nothing but friendly! All the staff members I encountered were happy to be there, service with a smile. This venue is off the beaten path, but I'd give it a whirl. I also saw lots of coupons for Rawhide from various tourist brochures/marketing materials.
4	i took my dad here because he loves western stuff and i thought we could see one of the shows they do there. it was free to get in, but parking is 5 bucks. there weren't many people on a sunday so we were able to meander in and out in about an hour and a half. we did watch one wild west show and it was well done. very comical, 4 bucks per person. they do several throughout the day. the town is mostly tourist shops with stuff for sale. there's a steak house on site, and lots of large group areas for corporate events. a small museum is on premise and was the most interesting part of the place. good for families with kids too.
5	It was a warm October Friday night when I was literally blindfolded [something I wasn't to thrilled about since I  just had eyelash extensions done and it hurt so bad to have the fabric rubbing against them], thrown into the backseat of a car, dragged across this old western town still blindfolded and in heels, only to be released and freed when I was standing in front of a few dozen close family and friends for our rehearsal dinner.  Talk about  a surprise!The in-laws threw us a very memorable rehearsal dinner filled with lots of different appetizers, salad, juicy steak, fluffy mashed potatoes, and way too many strong strong drinks.  The hosts were nice, the bartender was friendly, we got to keep some cool cowboy hats, and were dragged to their in-town prison for photos and an arrest warrant for "gettin' hitched."  There might have been a mechanical bullride at the end of the night and I recall riding around on a children's wooden horse but like I said, the drinks were flowing and it was our rehearsal dinner so why not?  Huzzah!  Lots of out-of-state and out-of-country friends and family all had a lovely time out here in the desert and it was great times.5-stars for the funnest rehearsal dinner ever!  Although really... don't wear heels to this place while blindfolded.  It was such a work-out!
5	Lots of different things to do!  The sherif was hilarious!  We had him arrest two of the guys in our group which was very fun!  Steakhouse was so good.  Summer night hayride was actually really nice.
2	First, they should've changed the name when they moved to the Chandler location. It's not the same fun-loving old west town that it use to be. Very few employees in character, there is no spontaneous wild west action because all shows are scheduled and cost, the shops are modernized, and there is little to see and do. The sweet shop has delicious fudge and chocolates but has lost all of it's old west charm and has given into commercialized brands. There really is no consideration given to capturing and maintaining the Old West Rawhide.We went to the Blue Collar Beerfest & Backyard BBQ, which in itself was a disgrace to the beer and BBQ world. (One BBQ food truck and I will spare you the tacky beer details) There was no country music, grunge rock bands played. Even in the saloon they were playing top rock hits! While I love rock music, it was not befitting to the supposed theme of Rawhide. There were even timeshare vendors and massage chair kiosks set-up in the town! We ate in the steak house since the BBQ selection was minimal and the line was extremely long, about 40 plus. My fiance had to return his "smoked" chicken because it was very mushy. There was no hint of smoke to the chicken, it was in the sauce. He did enjoy the sides though. The salad and rolls reminded me of cafeteria food. Yucky...However, my prime rib was as good as I remember it though and the waiter was great. I was happy to see some of the artifacts from the old brought here to the new location, like the bar and saloon entrance.We will not return. I do not want my memories of the wonderful Old West Rawhide ruined.
5	We had so much fun at Rawhide. We just went from store to store, had some things made at the blacksmiths, bought a cowboy hat and some jewelry, Had a wonderful dinner at the steakhouse, I recommend the prickly pear margarita and the house merlot. Food was excellent! We also did old west pictures and that was fun! Can't wait to go again!
1	THIS PLACE BLOWS. They are playing Mexican music on 4th of July... Not even speaking English. There is stuff for sale and over priced food. Weight limit on everything. Horrible waste of money
2	Steak ok, overpriced, pecan pie almost inedible
3	I was here for a conference event, and I think the whole thing was rented out for us. We had a buffet with a couple different things, and I thought the tri-tip was really good, along with the sides.I bought a couple things from the gift shop, and thought the "town" was cute to walk through, but it was quite a bit on the cheesy side. I think they could do better trying to come across a little more authentic.Watched one of the "shows" in the theater, and the young, over-the-top type of little-child humor was funny, even for all of us being adults.I don't know how much business they get during the week (seems like the place might be a little too big for I imagine not a WHOLE lot of business), but it was fun.If I were a three-year-old child obsessed with cowboys and Indians, this would be my favorite spot in the world. For adults without kids, though, it's campy and would be a place to visit once and that's it.
2	Rawhide used to be a great place and tradition to visit in October to celebrate all the October birthdays in our family. The food and music was good and a walk in  the town was fun, especially this time of year.The menu has changed and my favorite (flat iron steak) is no longer available. They give boring  dinner rolls with dinner now instead of the yummy corn bread. My husband thinks the new menu is better. I disagree. During this visit we hadn't even had a chance to order our drinks before the pedaling magician was at our table doing tricks for tips. The kids enjoyed the tricks, but we would have appreciated if he let us get settled in first.Now they charge $5 to park in their empty lot and the town is no longer decorated for Halloween, no more headless horseman or coffins. They don't even do the haunted  train ride anymore. It is easy to see why Rawhide is now a ghost town.
5	This was such a fun day for our family.  Lots of fun for the kids.  They couldn't decide whether they liked the panning for gold, petting zoo, hayride with fun stories or the rock wall the best.  My favorite was the shotgun wedding we set up as a surprise for my boyfriend.  The kids got a real kick out of the judge, I.M. Mental.  They have several different things you can set up for a surprise like the shotgun wedding.  Just go into the jail and ask.  So fun!All the employees were amazing and friendly and I think the live western shows were better here than at the OK Corral in Tombstone.Hats off to a fun-filled fantastic time!
5	This restaurant was an experience in food and entertainment. The food was great, the mixed drinks were fresh, and the servers were attentive. The entertainment (singer/musician) was very talented and engaging with the crowd, but not over the top.  On the way in, I stopped by to ride the bull. It was a really cool experience to set the tone. The setting is like an old western movie and very interactive. A great place for large groups or families with kids.
4	This place USED TO BE FUN.....They dont do the Doom town in Oct. and nobody answers the phone. Service in restaurant is sooooo long and food quality has gone way down hill...They use to have a good thing going,, but it will soon be out of business because they JUST DONT CARE ABOUT CUSTOMERS ANYMORE
3	We had a WONDERFUL a lunch at the Rawhide steakhouse Sunday!  Staff was friendly and welcoming.  The food and as delicious.The reason for only 3 stars, you ask??The WHOLE reason we paid $5 to park our car in the nearly empty lot?  Our college daughter was home and we were all healthy and available to take a family photo at the Old Fashioned Photo place where you all dress up in period clothing...We walked in, ready to take our family photo and we were the ONLY ones in the shop! Streets had maybe 3 other people wandering around. BUT no one in the photo shop except us, Santa Claus, and at least 2 employees standing there.  We asked to be photographed.  They say they were only doing Santa photos, not historical photos.  Of course we could see all the period clothing hanging right there on the wall...Again, NO other customers anywhere...They said they only did period photos by appointment.  Could we get an appointment, we asked?  No.  No appointments available today.  Hello...???No "I'm so sorry Ma'am.", no "Very sorry for the inconvenience..." We had planned to have these photos as presents for the grandparents this year.  I'm sure would have spent a good amount of money in that shop if ONLY they had accommodated us. NOTHING!!! Customer service completely lacking!!!No where on the website does it mention that the photo shop had any change in the type of photos taken!  I checked before getting the family dressed and out the door.  Getting my 17 yr old son and my 20 yr old daughter motivated, showered, dressed and out the door for a photo is hard enough without getting there and having a complete let down waste of time.To say I am disappointed is an understatement!  The 3 stars are NOT for the photo people, they only belong to the staff of the steakhouse for good service and for the nice girl in the candy shop.I will find another place for our photos and I will be sure to let everyone else know about my experience.
4	This place was disappointing at the start. I placed my order and didn't get my food but everyone else. So I had to sit watch my table eat and by the time they were done eating I was just getting my food. The food though is very very good, I would recommend
5	We spent 6 hours here 01/03/15 and it was amazing ! We brought 3 children under the age of 10 and they loved it. In order to get your monies worth you need to purchase the activity bracelet for $15 per person. The bracelet allows you into all the shows (there are apx 8 ) and you can do all activities as many times as you want . (There are apx 8 activities) . The kids favorite was panning for gold . I highly recommend staying until dark because it's lite up beautifully. We ate dinner at the steakhouse which was overpriced and just ok. I figured I was paying for the atmosphere . The best part was that this tripInspired a curiosity in the old west, and in Doc Holliday for the kids
4	This place was disappointing at the first. I placed my order to the waiter and after waiting a long time I didn't get my food, but everyone else. I had to sit and watch my whole table eat and by the time they were done eating I was just getting my food. The food though is very very good, I would recommend this restaurant.
