2	I don't know where to start.  This was one of the worst evenings out I've had in a while.  We went for their grand opening "exclusive" party. The only people who apparently weren't invited to this event were my friends.  We actually thought that this was going to be some sort of VIP event because we had tickets, and they advertised "passed hors d'oeuvres" (which apparently they only gave to you after you were seated and eating your dinner--btw, don't get the garlic knots if you want to be within 50 feet of other humans.)  We waited in line in the cold for about 10-15 minutes to get in--and this wasn't the worst part of our evening.We got inside, and got seated immediately, so that was good.  But in a basically empty section, she chose to seat us next to the waiters' section--rookie mistake! This is considered one of the worst seats in the house, and my husband actually got hit by a flying tray!  I asked for the drink menu, and our waiter told me that "they could make any drink you want".  I think it's a terrible idea not to have a special drink menu, especially in a kitschy place like a bowling alley in uptown.  Then I kept seeing all of these specialty drinks around with names like "Strike City fishbowl", so they must have a menu somewhere--and they need to tell Tyler about it soon.  So I ordered a Cosmo, which is a pretty easy drink that everyone can make. Well, apparently, the bartender wasn't informed that there is VODKA in a f*cking Cosmo.  Mine was cranberry juice with a splash of triple sec and lime--completely awful!  I had a burger, which was pretty good.  My lettuce was brown and white, which isn't good, but it caused no harm. My husband thought his buffalo chicken pizza was really good, and it was a decent size for a personal pizza.  Our waiter Tyler was attentive, so that's good too.The bar area is far too large.  There are tons of TVs, which can be good, but was a little overwhelming this night.  There are 12 lanes in the bar area, lots of music, and lots of people.  It's crazy loud!We pay our bill ($78 for okay food, a shit drink, and 2 double vodka tonics--hmmm...) So our beeper goes off that it's our turn for bowling.  We go up to the front desk and pay for 1 hour of bowling and 2 pairs of shoes (another $56).  Here comes my favorite part of the evening.  We get our shoes, and the man at the shoe counter ASKS ME TO GIVE HIM ONE OF MY SHOES!!!  Which means that I will be walking half-barefoot through a bar.  This is totally unacceptable to me.  First of all, I will generally have on very nice shoes, and I don't like letting them out of my sight.  Second, I do not want to be barefoot in a bar--let's just say, it didn't make my bucket list.  I asked him, "So you really expect people to walk through a bar with one shoe on?" And he points to a bare wall (which is currently occupied by people waiting in line) and says, "well, we envisioned people changing shoes over there, but it's full tonight."  Dude, CHANGE THE VISION!  I would rather give him my license or keys or something, but not my shoes.  Luckily, I have a very sweet husband who gave up both of his shoes so I could keep mine and go to our lane.We get to our lane and it's against a wall with not a lot of space to move around.  Apparently they've never been to a real bowling alley before to see how they do it.  They let all of the extra space get turned into the bar area, and skimped on the bowling lanes. There is only one bench per lane, and it was really hard to see what you're friends were bowling. They should have thought that through a little better.  We were in the smaller room by the front--it looks like there's more room for spectators in the main lanes.  And it didn't help that a family who was waiting for their own lane commandeered our entire bench so we had no seating whatsoever.  The bowling was fun--the waitress could have been more attentive, but they were busy so I'm willing to forgive that.  And like I said, I could have used some more room.  A tad expensive though--I'd prefer to go to AMF next time. (another $27 on 4 beers)Then I went to the bathroom before we left, and couldn't even squeeze past a woman on her cell phone---the bathroom is another place they skimped on space. When all of the people in the huge bar have to go to the bathroom, where will they go?!?  The lights are blinding.  The police need to hold interrogation sessions in that room, since they definitely get people talking too. Every woman in there (and there were about 7-8) was talking about how terrible the lights were.  I would recommend staying home, playing Wii bowling, making yourself and friends great drinks and saving yourselves $150 and a lot of frustration.  I will not go back there again.
3	Bowling with friends is fun, fun, fun, fun -- so all the establishment needs to do is not to interfere with that fun and provide a clean atmosphere with some decent food choices. The rest will be taken care of.I was there at a corporate function and we did have fun bowling -- the lanes are new and clean, the music selection is what you expect in a bowling alley. We had some artichoke dip and pizza to share -- the pizza was waaaaaay greasy and the pita chips for the dip were deep fried. Really?  You really needed to deep fry even the pita chips? The waitress was friendly and the beer selection was the usual.So, nothing really horrible to say about this place but nothing outstanding either -- which qualifies exactly for 3 stars.
3	So, we had to wait forever since there aren't a heck of a lot of lanes.  However, it has the whole neon glow thing going, too.  The great thing, and this is a total guy thing, was that they have huge-ass (technical term) projection screens showing sports above the lanes.  For the multi-tasker, this is very efficient. So, you could watch ESPN and well as your friend bouncing one in the gutter... that, my friend, is why the US is a pretty cool country.
4	So my review is inflated because I didn't go at night.  I took my little brother here during the day on a Sunday.  The place was dead, so we were able to get a lane easily of course.  I thought $35 an hour was pretty steep, but with 4 people it turned out to be a deal.  We didn't order any food so I can't really say much about that, but the service was excellent.  We wanted beer but got there at 11:45, so the waitress took our order and by 12:01 we had our beers on the table.  She was also really friendly and gave me a round for free because it was my birthday.  I would love to come back sometime and experience it at night when I am sure it is way cooler, but then again I probably don't want to have to fight the huge crowds that come.  If I'm ever in the area looking for something to do, I will probably suggest coming here.
5	Superb service.  Decent priced drinks.  The pizza is authentic and made from scratch by the adjacent Italian restaraunt next door.  This establish has poured some funds into the decor and design, making it the bowling Alley / Sports Bar.  The lanes are flawless. What sets this place aside from the rest is its welcoming service.  Waiter: Josh. He was polite, well mannered, and made us feel very important.  He served us like we were royalty and that we will be back many more times.  It's the best spot at the Epicenter, by far!
4	I attend Strike City for the Ohio State Buckeyes and Cleveland Browns games and it is a great place to watch a game!!  This place has ton's of plasmas and large projection screens.  My only complaint with the projection screens is that picture is average at best unless it is extremely dark.The staff is very friendly and it is great to see the majority of the staff wearing OSU Buckeye gear as well.  The DJ even plays the Ohio State fight song during commercial breaks along with playing some of the more popular Best Damn Band in the Land music as well!I highly recommend all Buckeyes and Browns fans to make this your permanent location to watch the Scarlet and Gray on Saturdays and the Brown and Orange on Sundays!O-H...
1	OK, to start, $100 is a bit much for 3 adults and 2 kids to bowl for an hour.  Secondly, in the middle of the best game I've ever played, they moved us!  To make matters worse, they situated us next to a birthday party of around twenty 11 year old girls, who were...well..11 year old girls.  They were all over our lane, braiding hair, screaming, and singing Hannah Montana etc.  How about putting parties at the end lanes?  I politely emailed this suggestion to the lane from my phone, and the manager comes out to ask if everything was OK.  We said "you could have put these kids on the end," to which he replied "yeah..well there are parties at the end, um...(trails off).  I looked over to see four middle aged, quiet  people who seemed like they were there to celebrate finishing their first year of library school. Luckily, the guy didn't really seem to care what we thought, so his feelings weren't hurt when I told him the queso dip sucks, which it so plainly did.  I see where they are going with the whole concept - but underneath it all, there is a thin layer of Planet Hollywood that rises to the top.  Strikes sells the sizzle, not the steak.
3	uptown needed a bowling alley for some time. in comes strike city. I waited some time before I went to let them get the traditional first 6 month to one year kinks out. from a lunch special perspective it rocked. good deal for an all you can eat. as for a place to go and watch a game or ufc fight, great place. its in the core of the business where the issues reside. bowling.  strike city misses. waay over priced and add three pitchers and some food and you're looking at $100. I paid $7:50 for a pitcher on south blvd and $15 in uptown. the bowling lane was poorly maintained and the front house operations was kinda clueless.  making me leave one shoe? whatever your thought is behind this procedure, it's dumb.  and the actual bowling lane... can you please put some oil on the lanes?  overall it's a great bar with a couple of bowling lanes and some overpriced pitchers.  when I want to bowl and enjoy it, I'll head to park rd or south blvd.
2	I have been to private parties at Strike City twice and each time I have been less than pleased with the service and the bowling lanes.  You would think more attention would be paid to large parties who rent out their private rooms.  Despite the fact that I have not been impressed with Strike City, my boyfriend has never been and thought it would be fun to get a group together out there for his birthday.  I tried to reach an "event planner" for 5 days, and was continuously informed they were either in a meeting (all day?!?), or just not in the office.  I gave my name and number for a call back on 8 occasions.  Why is the "event planner" the only person who can give you even an estimate for a party, and the only one who can tell you if the place is booked on a certain day?  On the 5th day, I finally received a phone call back, while I was at work.  I was left a message stating all 3 of the possible dates I had given were completely booked.  I worked that hard to reach someone, for 5 days, just to be left a message informing me that I was not going to be able to book anything there!!  They didn't even offer up any other days.  That's VERY poor customer service in my mind.  I will never try to plan another event at this place.  Also, if anyone from Strike City reads this - revamp your lanes...they're too shiny and reflective.
4	Great bowling, I wish they had more small balls! Minus 1 star for charging $3.75 for socks.THE BOWLING:The lanes are cool and have TVs in front. There are some booth and open bar seating. Additionally, they have a private room for corporate events if you need to reserve for a small party. If you contact them they will set you up with whatever food/drink needs your party may require.THE FOOD:I highly recommend the...- Pizza (yum, thin crust NY style!!)- Garlic cheese bread (SO GOOD).- Chicken wings are ok, and the spinach triangle pastries are really flaky.Do not recommend:- Brownies (because they taste worse thee grocery store)- Roast Beef on bread appetizer. Tasteless on stale bread, ick.- Champagne/"Cava" (it tastes like the $3 Crystalino kind from World Market and costs $6.50 per glass).
3	Oh how I wish this place were more affordable because I would for sure come more often. Listen, my game was taken care of for a bday party and it was a really good time. If I had to pay my own way it would have been a little nuts...it's still bowling, folks. I guess I come from the belief that bowling should be a bit grimy, beer should flow cheaply and freely and the shoes should smell. Basically, it should put the ass in classy.Anywho, Strike City is indeed a nice, clean bowling alley with a large bar smacked in the center. While the aforementioned bowling and drinks aren't cheap, it is a convenient place to get together with buds to watch a game on their umpteen screens or get together at the Epicentre. Service has been spotty each time I've visited - our server within our private party was friendly and ran around like crazy to make sure we were taken care of. Conversely, the servers at the bar have seemed a little entitled, almost snarky, at times. Listen, dudes and dudettes, I'm sorry I need a minute to look over your drink menu for a moment. I felt like I kept inconveniencing them with my (basic) drink order. As other reviewers have mentioned, it's a nice, convenient space but it can get cramped and a bit noisy with douche bags and super drunks from Alive After Five. I will say, though, their pizza comes in from Libretto's - a major positive note there! If you can get your lane paid for, it's definitely a go!
4	Been here several s, but never bowled until my most recent visit. Is it bad that I wanted to steal the bowling shoes and make them part of my wardrobe? They seems very new and fresh and went with my outfit that night...ok, at least that's what my wife said. You can play up to 8 bowlers per lane, which makes for a fun night out with a group and also helps disperse the cost of bowling. Make sure to order pizza, as it comes from the pizzeria next door! The bar is big and it usually has a great crowd because of the amount of TV's! There's a ticker that runs around the place for up to date sports scores, and later in the night they play the music videos on some of the TV's that you hear throughout the place...long live Def Leopard! Great beer specials too!
3	My group and I went for a work team building event today . I have only been once before on a weekend (with Michigan people--not a good move seeing it's an Ohio State bar) and it was a complete 180 from the weekend madness. There were only a few people eating there and we were the only group bowling, which I thought was a little odd since it was lunch time and at the EpiCentre. Very chic bowling alley (if you've been to Lucky Strike it's comparable to there) with lots of tv, three full bars with high top and booth seating. They had a great selection of food from standard apps to pizza to entrees. I had the nachos, they monster and loaded with guacamole and cheese so I was a happy girl. Sadly I couldn't finish them but with some beer and a nap after wards I could've! Some co-workers had the veal Parmesan sandwich and buffalo chick wrap and they said they were tasty as well. Server was efficient, friendly and quick to fill refills, another plus in my book. I'm happy we have this uptown, it's a nice alternative instead of going to Jillians or Dave and Busters and light rail accessible as well. Since work was paying for us to bowl, I didn't get a look at the prices but I hear it's costly for bowling so it may be a special occasion thing or go on a night they have specials. I saw they had a BOGO coupon in my Citipass book so that would be a great value to use that baby soon. They also show UFC fights there but that may come with a cover charge. I was expecting snazzier shoes but it didn't look like there has been much creative progress in the bowling shoe design world in the past 20 years. Sadface. Some notes Monday 9P-2A All you can bowl for $15 Bud and Bud Light buckets $12 Thursday Nights Ladies Night  1/2 price martinis, pampering (sounds saucy!!), free shoe rental and Skinny apps (which is just wrong seeing you're at a bowling alley) Saturday $3 Bloody Marys and Mimosas all day
4	Classy bowling??  Isn't that an oxymoron like jumbo shrimp or girly man?? Well guess what, somehow it works and works beautifully.. Now, I didn't get a chance to bowl because we came in around 8pm on a Friday, but everyone that was rolling the rock looked to be having a blast (I will update this review when I do BOWL).  We just sat up at the bar and looked around at hundreds of huge TV screens. (Phillies were on TV!!) SWEET!! Great selection of beers too:  Fat Tire, Blue Moon, Sweet Water, American Domestics, Guiness, etc.  All on draft.  Only reason I didn't give it 5 starts was because the cost.  I mean, it is in the Epicentre and and in a really cool location but really pricey..Best part of Strike City:  The pizza comes from Librettos next door (see review).  It is the best pizza in Charlotte.  Easily!.  ENJOY!!-Ian M.
4	Ladies, go on Thursdays.  They have this event called Strike in the City and you get free stuff, free bowling if you register online (strikeinthecity.com) and free shoe rental and your friends pay only $5 to play/shoe rental.  Also, half price cocktails, you get a coupon for a free cosmo and free appetizers.  Different local business have giveaways and Strike City gives away a big prize like a designer purse or sunglasses or shoes.  You cannot beat free and it was super fun, even if I did do a horrific job at bowling (I swear i'm better on Wii Bowling!)And the DJ was freakin' awesome.  So awesome, in fact, that we went up and told him so.  I hope he's there every Thursday because he was picking the exact right jams.  And the plus size, it's not terribly packed on a Thursday, which makes it fairly easy to get a lane.  They have a decent beer selection (with craft and local brews) and the pizza is fantastic (I think they share a kitchen with Libretto's).  They also have a $6.95 lunch every day, which in uptown, you can't beat.
2	The waitress was really nice.  The inside of the place was chic, modern, urban.But at $7/game of bowling during the daylight hours...can't say I'm a fan.  You can get people to do almost anything when you're visiting (read:  me), but ever again?  Most definitely not.  It's a nice change of pace, but I'd rather spend it somewhere else.
4	If the man with one eye shall rule the blind then your fifth grade education should probably make you part owner of this place by last call. Enjoy the $5 beer specials which are decidedly not special. Toodles!
2	Bowling balls and alcohol doesn't seem like the smartest mix.. Ignoring that fact: I thought the environment needs work.The DJ played too much Britney Spears and even played *NSYNC at one point. It hurt my brain.The beers they have on tap are acceptable- Shock Top, Sam Adams Winter Lager, and Blue Moon are the better ones offered.For the location, on the weekend at least, this is the place to go if you want to not bother with a cover charge.
3	It's me snitches, IM BACKKKKKK. Sorry for going a bit MIA the last couple of weeks. It's been crazy this time of year, so I wanted to get some yelps in before I got back to the U. Before you read this review, please note that I did not go there to bowl, I went for the booze. It was a cold saturday night, so we decided to stop into Strike City to watch the UFC battle that was taking place. I clearly was not the only person that did this, as I feel this is more of a bar than bowling alley. Anyways, I was standing around and the place was PACKED. It took me about 10 minutes standing 3 people deep to finally get something to drink. The drink was made OKAY, it wasn't heaven-sent compared to other places here in CLT, but it was doable. This is where I'm going to end my review and pick it up at a later date, once I bowl there. I cannot give a complete review at this moment, so I will not fake it.Holla.
5	Great place!  Huge bar area, lots of lanes and great buffalo chicken pizza!  Very clean, accomodating staff and best of all there were huge tv's all over the place.  Recommend a visit if you're in the area!
3	I come here to cheer for my Buckeyes but geez I have never gotten out under $150 - WITHOUT the bowling!!  I am a beer snob but one way to save on costs is to lower your standards a bit and get the beer buckets on special only.  Bowling here is a blast and the food is fine.  I have been to several functions here and they are always well organized and the staff really takes care of you.Love you Strike City!  You sure know how to empty my pockets!!  :-D
2	Tried to stop in with my wife on a Saturday afternoon and found out it was going to cost $35 for a lane plus $8 to get shoes.   Seems a little expensive to just go and bowl a few frames with someone.  I can understand that they are looking to maximize their price for a group but it seemed excessive.
4	Take me down to Strike City where you gotta be rich to bowl in this city...So yeah its hella cash to bowl, like $45 per lane and hour. But if you must roll (the ball that is), you're gonna look good doing it. Fat Tire for 2 bones on Tuesday...call my drunk ass a cab and I'm calling in at work on Wednesday. The food is okay...actually comes out of the adjoining food establishment Libretto's next door unless they task Mr. One Pin Rick to  rock the grill and clean the gutters too. If you want some privacy ask for the 2 lanes on the right and it looks like your in the house of some ballers game room...schawing!Burrrpp. One more Fat Tire pa-lease! :)
4	$2 drafts on Tuesdays!!!!  Why was I the last to know?Recently went here on a Tuesday night on a night out with one of my co-workers in from our Austin office.  Just wanted to show him some of the city and we walked in and decided it was time to bowl.  I know random, on a Tuesday night, but it ended up being pretty fun.We started out at the ticket counter and paid for 2 games/shoes.  Once the girl collected our money, she asked us all of our names to enter into the computer.  My co-worker decided that he would like to be called "Mufasa" for the night.  Little did I know there was a bowling style all his own to earn the name that came with it.  This was also after a couple beers at Mac's earlier.  High gravity = silliness.Get to the lane and our first bowler was up.  Normal warm-up gutterballs... but my co-worker was up next.  The name "MUMFASA" flashes on the screen and we all die laughing.  I guess the girl never watched the Lion King.  It's really sad to think about since we are getting to the generation where I am starting to feel super old and younger kids don't know what I'm talking about anymore.Our two games were pretty fun.  I end up coming from behind with some last minute strikes on the 10th frame.  Gotta represent the Charlotte Office - otherwise I would not have lived it down the next day.Have not tried the food here, but the pictures and stuff I have seen on other people's tables look pretty decent.  I did not know that Libretto's pizza was connected.  I have not had the pleasure to taste their pizza, but it sounds highly recommended.
3	Very uninspiring to write about Strike City considering I just stopped in here for a drink before going to Mez/Kazba/etc.The drinks were decently priced and it wasn't too crowded even considering that the UNC game was going on this particular night.Fairly young crowd and looked like a fun place, but as I'm Asian, there isn't many Asian people here - let alone Charlotte as a whole.  I definitely should have made eye contact/chatted/grazed arms with the only other Asian girl I saw within a 75-foot radius, but I'm a nervous fool so I didn't.I finished my double shot of whiskey and it was ....dmo out.
4	One of the best spots in Uptown to watch a game. There are tvs everywhere so grabbing a seat without a good view is nearly impossible. The food is above average for sports bars and the bowling can get expensive on the weekends.
1	This is a place that you keep hoping you're going to wake up and realize it was all a bad dream.    Don't get my wrong - i like bowling and I don't mind a drink or 6.   However, this place is completely built on a big pile of crazy.The music was so loud, I thought it might trigger an aneurysm.  Although there is no dance floor, people are dancing all over the place...but they all are moving like that horrifying baby in ally mcbeal.    Mix that in with an overly aggressive  bathroom attendant who seems as if he just had a feature on To Catch A Predator....and you find yourself doing anything to wake up from the nightmare.    I ran far away...
4	I was in town for a wedding last weekend and desperately needed a place to watch UFC after sneaking out of the reception.  Strike City was just a few blocks away and the DJ at the wedding recommended it so that's where we went.The UFC event was well under way by the time we arrived but we were able to find a seat at the bar even though the place was packed for the fights.  There were plenty of TVs and big screens showing the fight so we had no problem with where we were seated/standing.  There was also no cover to get in, which was nice.The bartenders were friendly and efficient and the drinks were reasonably priced.  Overall, we had a very fun time here and I would return to watch a fight here again if I was in town.
4	Dropped into Strike City for a CMYE the other night.  I had been in before, but this was the first chance I had for an extended stay.  Also the first time I had for a good look at the place with someone else footing most of the bill.  So that was sweet.First up, we did not bowl.  Even though we did not, I find that they are a bit small on the bowling side.  There are like six primary lanes and four more in the semi-private room - I did not count, just guessing from my memory, and the rest of the place is a bar/gameroom.  That makes it a bit like 50-50 for a business, but not exactly like most bowling alleys.The night we were there also had a bunch of parties happening.  By my count there were at least three others.  That is not bad, and I have no idea if it was normal.  The staff was really friendly, and kept glasses full and made everyone feel welcome, it was just interesting that there did not seem much of a view of a "normal" public crowd in the place.Overall the space is great, if a bit on the dark side, and the music can get  a bit loud for conversations, but hey, it is a bowling alley, right?  What do you expect?
3	I have been here a few times and I usually have a decent time.  Although I havent been there in awhile, this is the only bowling alley that I have ever been in with a dress code.  They actually made me remove my baseball cap to enter the establishment.  The bowling was rather pricey and the lane broke down a few times, but the waitress was rather attentive to our group's needs (we had about 10 people).  On a personal note, I really get frustrated that every new bar in Charlotte is either claimed as an "Ohio State" or "Steelers" bar.  The fact that whenever I feel like watching a game somewhere that I have to deal with these knuckleheads is quite frustrating.The food was good and had an average/high price tag, and the drinks were about the same selection/quality/price as the rest of the bars in the epicentre. Overall, the crowd is pretty decent and the bartenders are attractive.  But this is treated more like a club than a bowling alley, and I would plan on dressing up if you plan on being there anytime after 8pm.
3	I have no idea if the bowling is fun since it was not available but the racing game was good. Not terribly crowded but for a sunday night, not bad and the drinks were good.
2	The Uptown, but specifically the Epicenter, scene is not my thing (and I am biting my tongue extremely hard by only saying that). I guess that's why I didn't like this place. It looks cool, if not trying too hard to look urban and you'll find your usual uptown crowd there. Nothing specially good, nothing remarkably bad. People were RIDICULOUSLY overdress for a friggin' bowling alley.  Obviously some people can't afford the higher end bars/clubs so they just hang here waiting for leftovers, I guess (Hey, as long as we're hanging out at the epicenter it's all gucci)On the night we went the waitress brought me the wrong beer and the lane broke down a couple of times. It happens.A large party of rude buttnuggets invaded our lane during our second game and there was simply no getting rid of them. Oblivious to the fact that they were intruding in our game they kept drinking their Hennessy and Courvoisier or whatever the hell they had on those idiotic little cups.We finally left and I swore not to return. Again, a pretty uneventful experience but that area and the people who frequent it are just not my thing.
3	I had come here for a company holiday party and thought it was a nice place. The environment was very nice.  It has the great feel of a bar, and bowling is just fun there all around.  It was dark in there, but not too dark.  There wasn't too loud music as there are at some bowling alleys.  The seats for the lanes were super comfy, it made me not want to get up and bowl.  I felt like the lanes were a little too cramped though.  I was always scared I was going to knock someone over if I wasn't careful enough.  The food was really great.  I have to say their pizza was the best pizza I've ever had at a bowling alley.  Their wings were a little dry, but their delicious Ranch sauce helped me forget the dryness.I feel that I wouldn't really have come here if it was not for my company.  Just to park your car around the Epicenter, you have to pay a fee.  It seems like bowling there would be super expensive since it's so nice.  All in all, I say that it'd be good to experience it just once, but I wouldn't suggest my friends to go there for bowling.  There are other places, and it won't scare you to go all out bowling since the lanes would be bigger than it is at Strike City.
4	We built strike city, we built strike city on striiiiikes and spaaaaaaares. ( and not excluding ufc fights, sporting events, and general debauchery.  I love to hate this place so much.  They have a few events every month that are worth checking out and are free to sign up.  These include beer olmpyics and free bowling!   This is my favoirte place to catch a ufc fight in charlotte.  The place gets packed and there are TV's and projector screens everywhere.  Also, there are so many UFC fans that they place erupts on every shot.  This is the way UFC should be watched.  The drinks can get a bit pricey, but hell you are at epicenter what do you expect.  Also, Katherine is the best bartender ever.   If there isn't an event here we usually grab a couple drinks ( no cover ever!) and then head out around the city.
3	Since when did bowling alleys get so expensive? Well, if it's in the epicentre, it's going to be. Walking in, it was pretty hectic as people were all up at the counter. I didn't stay too long here, but note that if you want a lane make sure to reserve some. The birthday girl reserved some lanes and yet we were still waiting for them to open up. We ended up staying for about 15-20 minutes before we got one and in that time I ordered a key lime pie martini and drank it. I didn't stay to bowl, however thanks to yelp I got my friend some free rentals on the bowling shoes! And yet, he still had to pay $10 for $4 just to play and $6 split on the lanes for one hour (split by 8 people). So yes, the total to just play for one hour at one of these luxurious lanes is $45. But, hey if price isn't a matter go ahead and do it! (I rather drink $45 than play for $45 though!)In the end, it wasn't bad. Really nice atmosphere and everyone there seemed to have a smile on their face. I recommend the place if you like bowling and have money to spend, this is your place to be.
1	While this place may look snazzy and is upscale and flashy, its pricing options for group events is unreasonable and highly inconsiderate of its patrons. I was looking to book an event here (9 people, nothing fancy). In order to do this, Strike City requires you to pay in advance days before (which isn't that bad and understandable), but they also make you match the price of the lanes (120 not including tax and tip) for 2 mere hours of bowling with the equivalent amount in food and beverage, so you basically need to pay 300 bucks to book a lane for 2 hours before you even get to the venue.  Sure, every venue wants you to spend money, but to make your customers pay for food and beverage before they even get there? Seriously? We're talking about a party under 10, not 500. This makes it extremely difficult for those who want to book a lane for a group of friends, understandable given that there is normally a 3 hour wait on Saturdays. This policy is pretentious, and just generally unaccommodating of its patrons, especially those who are looking to split a bill. It makes the entire process awkward and expensive. Everyone realizes that institutions want to make money, but I've never encountered a venue where they try to rip you off to this extent. Get over yourself, strike city.
5	Attended a company event here and I must say this place is quite fabulous...we had our own private room with bowling lanes for those who wanted to bowl, plush seating for the socializers, premium bar service and lots of food(pizza, chicken, dips, etc).....sweet!
3	We usually come here after work,  just stopping by for a couple drinks, or any Panthers away games.  Having able to watch all the games on their screens is great, any sports fan would appreciate their game.  We did bowl some while we're there and it has been enjoyable, unfortunately expensive.  We still continue to come back time after time though.
3	I come here quite often because they host a service industry bowling league on Sunday nights. We've also hosted our staff party here for the past few years. I'm a horrible bowler but I go for camaraderie. If it were not for that, I probably wouldn't come back. I think it's overpriced and overhyped- but hey, it is in the EpiCentre, so it fits right in. I do think it's to their benefit that it's 21+ after a certain time (I think 9 pm) but that's about it. Oh, and Libretto's pizza for munchies, that's good. I'm giving them 3 stars because I've always had a good experience when I go- but then again, I'm bowling for free. There are other bowling alleys in the city.
1	I will never go to Strike City again!!  If you go I suggest you pay in CASH!  Don't use your debit or credit card.  I went for St. Patrick's Day, used my card to pay, the money was drafted from my account.  3 weeks later, I check my account to find that I've been charged yet again by Strike City.  I immediately called Strike City only to be told that they only have 1 manager with access to process refunds (This makes no sense to me.  There should always be someone there that can handle any issue.) and he was off work that day.  They did provide me with an email address and suggested I email him because he always checks and responds to emails when he's off.  I've yet to get a response to that email.  It's been 10 days.  So I call Strike City the following day and guess what, the manager is off again.  No one can help.  I call the next day, the hostess tells me that this has happend to several people and the manager is processing all refunds and the money will be back in my account in 2 days.  2 days pass, I call again.  Still no money and I get another message from the "manager" relayed through the hostess.  I call again the next day....you see the pattern here.  Finally after a week of phone calls, I call and the manager is actually there.  He has the hostess feed me an excuse that it's an issue with the credit card processing company (and maybe it is) and that my money will be refunded in 2 days (I've heard this before).  So I ask the hostess if the manager isn't capable of taking a call and giving an explanation for himself.  He finally gets on the phone, gives me the same lame excuse, barely apologizes for the issue but assures me that my refund will be given to me by Thursday.  It's Friday...still no refund.  I think it's very shady that they charged several people more than once and have yet to resolve the issue.  The management and customer service at Strike City is the absolute worst I've even encountered and I will never set foot is that place again.
4	Pretty cool spot.  I was in town for a business conference and they took about 25 of us here to unwind a bit.  Tons of TVs.  Not your typical "bowling alley".  Its more of a nice (very large) bar with 20 or so bowling lanes if you're so inclined.Good beer selection.  Food was ok but they set up a buffet for us so I can't really say one way or the other as to quality.Our services was quite good especially considering the large group.  I have a feeling (by the the large group next to us) that this is pretty normal for them.Place is a twin of Lucky Strike back in Phoenix but not quite as nice.Steeeeee- rike~!Sorry, had visions of Al Bundy and his thumb warmer the whole time is was there.
3	Great for large groups (reserve in advance, we had 40+). Bartenders are friendly. Good beer selection. Food is decent. Plenty of bathroom stalls (for some reason, I think this is always an important factor). Check in on the yelp app for a free shoe rental (first time only). Enough said, go here and hang with friends for a bowling night out.
3	I think we hit this place at the right time because it was not too packed, so we could really enjoy the facilities!The overall scene was pretty fun.  The music was enjoyable, the service was good, the bowling was fun and it was overall a great evening.  I have passed by on other nights when there are a million people going in and out and they turn it into a bowling/club which is pretty redunk.  So, I was happy to see it for what it is....a bowling alley.....ok, a super bowling alley.  They offer more than normal in terms of drinks and food and it is cleaner than normal so that is a plus.The price doesn't seem justified which I know is what everyone says.  It is trendy bowling...so I guess it is worth it if for some reason you plan on trying to look sexy while bowling or if you like to park it at the bar while drooling over hot bowling guys that get strikes or spares...otherwise, who cares?  If I am looking to go bowling for the fun, sport of it then I need not to return to StrikeCity.  It still has a lot of great things about it and I would return under the right circustances!
4	This is one of the best places uptown to watch any type of sporting event on tv, there's not a bad seat in the house.  Personally, I love to use this venue as my Friday or Saturday night wind down spot.  If your tired of the crowds at other places, this is a great place to just come in and grab a couple of drinks, because the bar always seems to have an open spot.As for the bowling, I must warn you "it can get expensive".  If memory serves me correctly, it's $40 for the first hour and a $10 shoe rental, so you can burn through a $100 pretty quick here.  They bill it as upscale bowling, but in my humble opinion the words 'upscale' and 'bowling' should never be put in the same sentence :)  If you're looking to catch a game, there's no better spot in uptown in my opinion.
2	I was at strike city last night for speed dating, not bowling.  While there I really wasn't impressed.  It is loud, really loud.  It took forever to get a drink at the bar- literally sitting at the bar waiting for a solid 10 min before anyone helped me and it was not busy (hello, Tuesday night).  The wine was over priced, meh it's almost be expected.  They did have a lot of TVs going, showing the sports games going on, which was nice.  They have a large area for eating, a good sized bar, and a small lounge area.  The space isn't as big as I expected but they utilize it well, making it more of a bar/ hangout versus the usually bowling ally feel.  Not all that impressed overall.
3	Wow, I really love it here I just can't afford to bowl here often.  Thus bringing the rating down.  I'm not going to get  on my soapbox too much but $56 for 4 people to bowl for an hour just seems crazy.  I'm not sure why it's by person and not just a flat rate per hour no matter how many people.The upside is big though.  Large bar area if you are sans kids.  I would say this place would make a fantastic venue to check out any sporting event being televised.  The service here was impeccable and that's saying a lot considering we came right as an OSU game was starting and this is an OSU hangout for sure.
2	The only good thing about this place were drink prices.  The drinks themselves could be served better.  Now I'm not one to be a drink sob, when you wanna get a good buzz on, then serve is however you can.  But when you ask for a Jager Bomb or an Irish Car Bomb, then I think their  respective shots should drop/bomb into the drink.  In theory, that would happen if the shot was in..say...a shot glass.  They served the shot is a plastic medicine cup.  That makes it difficult to drink/bomb/enjoy.  The shot was just floating in the pint glass.Does anyone remember Exxon Valdez?  Plastic is made of oil, and oil floats.Also, one more thing.   The music is so damn loud, that I can't hear myself think about how loud the music is.  I understand...It tries to be classy, what with the guy in the bathroom handing you paper towels, like a posh NYC night club...but this is a bowling alley.An Alley.
3	This place is a toss-up. Great layout and atmosphere. Decent size bar. Good for casual bowling, good for nightlife hangouts. From my experience here, bowling rates seem pretty jacked, and they seem to love to nickel and dime you. Management is very hypocritical with their quoted fees. Example- NYE. Ad online says $5 cover, with additional bowling fees. Then it becomes $50 cover with a $500 lane rental. Then it becomes $50 cover and $50 lane rental after the LSU game. Then, at checkout, lane rental somehow becomes $80. Maybe it was shoe cost for people, I don't know, I was so drunk and tired of the lavish mind-raping at that point. I felt like Stu in the Hangover where they first run into Mike Tyson- "I don't know, and if you want to kill us, just go ahead, I don't even care anymore".Trying to coordinate a small group of people around this fiasco made it nearly impossible. Other than all that, I do enjoy it here and the bartenders are generally nice. Just really think they need to run this place better, better customer service on busy nights.
4	Never knew there was a bowling alley at the Epicenter and boy howdy we had some fun!  Got set up in a private room with full bar, 4 lighted lanes w/ TVs (ESPN of course) bestowed at the end of the lanes so you can watch sports AND bowl at the same time; way cool!  The staff here are very courteous and efficient, not to mention fast.  Def will come back here again for a party or just the heck of it.
3	The staff is helpful and while I wouldn't recommend having cake at a party (you may get chewed out by one of the managers for spilling it on their carpet), it was a fine time to celebrate a friends birthday.  While very pricey (I would much rather bowl at Park Lanes), it is stylish and "pretty".  I did appreciate the complimentary socks (as I forgot mine) and the complimentary shots for the birthday girl!
4	I come here almost every night... mostly I really like it, but I do have a few complaints. Almost every bartender completely ignores me for about 10-15 min when I sit down, regardless of if they have 2 bar patrons or 40. The exception to this is a bartender named Zy (very cute), Sara (also very cute) and a bald black fellow (not sure of his name). The front door guys/bouncers are awesome. They always remember my face/name and want to say hello and have a conversation. The bowling is a tad expensive, but the table tennis and corn hole is free. They have a bathroom attendant on certain nights, which is really annoying. I can wash my hands myself and I don't like people waiting a few feet away while I do my business. Having a bathroom attendant doesn't make the place more upscale, it makes me not want to use the bathroom there. The country music at the end of the night makes me want to regurgitate all of my drinks, but maybe that's their way of getting everyone to leave.
4	Best Charlotte Bowling Experience.....
2	Sought out this establishment to watch the All-Star game and read some decent reviews about the vast walls of TVs.  When we got there we sat down, got our own menus, and were about to move to the bar to get service.  Finally a manager asked us how long we'd been waiting, and got a server headed our way.  The food was good, nothing at all spectacular, but very edible.  So as the start time for the All-Star game arrived, I started scanning the plethora of TVs within eyeshot for the game...nothing.  I saw Bull Riding, Golf, Poker, and MSNBC......seriously.  How can you call yourself a "Sports Bar" and not know well enough to put this game on multiple screens.  We left.  Will probably not be back unless someone really wants to bowl.
3	Chill vibe and pretty decor here. The place just looks like it would be a good time. If you are looking to bowl, just watch what night you go. You get charge by the hour, by the person so especially on the weekends, it can be incredibly pricey to bowl at Strike. Monday they host all you can bowl after 9pm for $15 - awesome deal there if you are looking for a Monday night venture. I think I've stopped in for drinks more than bowling, however. Strike typically does drink specials ranging from mimosas to beers to shots. I typically stick to beer as liquor tends to run your tab up here. Really, at Strike, it's all about what night you go. On Thursdays there is half off martinis and two 7/10 split tinis get me tipsy. The menu is OK, nothing to write home about. The pizza is delicious and I would recommend that for sure. The service has always been hit or miss here - don't get me wrong, it's been more positive than negative. Heather is an amazing bartender, always smiling and doesn't let your glass go empty. Others haven't been as great but honestly, the service seems to be getting better the more I go and since it's always packed on the weekends it is easy to understand if you have to wait a bit for a refill. Be on the lookout for one of their events. Bi-monthly, StrikeCity Olympics comes around - form a team of 4 and compete in games like pool, bowling, beer pong, flip cup, basketball and whatever else. Just a fun night and winning team takes home a cash prize. It costs nothing to enter and makes for a fun Friday night. I'd recommend this joint for sure but just be advise you'll most likely be leaving with a pricey tab on your hands.
4	Went here for on a weeknight for a work function for some drinks, food, and bowling. Some quick notes:-Great service-plenty of TVs with sports on-bowling and arcade games -solid drink options and draft beers-good bar food selection and quality-great for large groups
4	This is definitely not your parents bowling alley. I have to give StrikeCity an extra star for two reasons: the TV layout and Heather. This is my go-to place for football on Sundays. IMO, it has one of the best TV setups in and around the uptown area. On any given Sunday (see what I did there), my group consists of Panthers, Bucs, Bills, Bears, Giants, Lions (on my!) fans. StrikeCity has a TV for all of them... better yet a TV each person can see from our table. Sound for all the Panthers games with a DJ to play music during the commercial breaks.Bartender Heather is fantastic. She's so sweet and so good at her job. I am even more spoiled because she gets out from behind the bar and takes care of our tables on Sundays. She should wear a cape and be called Super Server.Bowling: Strike charges for lanes by the hour. The more people in your group... the cheaper it is. You can have up to 8 peeps. The best deal: All You Can Bowl for just $15 all day and all night every MondayFood: Feel weird about ordering pizza or pasta at a bowling alley? DON'T! It's from Libretto's. Get the Buffalo Chicken Pizza. I also like the three way chili on the game day menu. Be sure to wear a napkin bib.Great drink specials throughout the week. Strike also throws a lot of fun events. The private rooms are great for birthdays or corporate parties.
2	I can only speak to the food, as I didn't bowl. Atmosphere is really a nice upscale fun late night hangout spot. Karaoke on Friday nights, bowling, pool hall. However, food is mediocre. I ordered Mac n cheese. It wasn't even the tastiest out the box. I didn't enjoy it at all. Very bland. Also, I got a drink, and they're not strong at all. They do have beer specials, SN. Service was below par. We had 6 ladies in our party and we couldn't get our waitress for anything. Ooh, only unless we stood in her path of walking. A couple of people had to get their orders from someone else. I just don't like non-attentive customer service. Pet peeve. I likely wouldn't go there again, unless I was already Uptown on Friday and wanted to sing like no cared.
1	As an alumnus of The Ohio State University, and a huge Buckeye fan, Strike City has been a no-brainer for two years, as it is a huge Buckeye hangout and they televise the games every Saturday during football season.Last Sunday, we arrived two hours early for the OSU-Michigan game, only to find the place packed.  The only available seats were random stools at the bar, and the tables that face the bowling lanes.  We have sat at the lane tables before for football games, and they have been fine, so we parked ourselves at one.After about 15 minutes of no service, a rude hostess came over to tell all of us seated at the lane tables that we would have to move, in case people wanted to use the bowling lanes.  Really?!90% of their business comes from OSU fans during the season.  Not a single ball rolled down one of those lanes while we were there.  We found seats at the bar, and had a good time, as the bartenders were nice.In addition to the rude hostess, a manager, who was twice as rude, informed my girlfriend that "he was not going to deny a bowler their right to bowl, even though a football game was on".  This jerk was lucky I wasn't around when he said it.The food at this place is mediocre at best, the service is lousy, and as much as it kills me, I think it's time for me to find another hangout to watch the OSU games.
2	We came with a group of friends on a weekday night and started off in the dining area waiting for our reserved lane to open up.  They do have televisions everywhere, which is good for Pick-your-sport Game Nights.  The group didn't say the food was anything special, and unfortunately, the service wasn't impeccable either.  Maybe it was a slow night and there were holiday parties going on??  Who knows, maybe it gets better on the lanes...Umm, not quite.  The bowling experience is more of a social experience.  Go with good friends and you may enjoy it, but if you're looking to drink and bowl, I would go to the local AMF.  The music was too loud, we got stuck on the end lane, and were overcrowding onto the next lanes since the space was too small for "social" bowling.  Furthermore, we didn't get any service at the lanes, I guess you have to go to the bar yourself to order anything.  I'm not bowling snob but the balls provided and the lanes were not conducive to quality bowling.  Better for drunk or beginning bowling.  I've been to a few of these type places before and I definitely had more fun.  I can't imagine how much of a mess a busy Friday or Saturday night would be.  At $7/ game and $4 shoes, I'd rather socialize in a bar/lounge in the EpiCentre and then go to a real bowling alley afterwards.  The two-star review is justified with their Yelp Check-In Offer for free shoe rental!  Use it if you do go.
1	WOW! My very first one star review. We were invited to a birthday event on a Saturday night. There may have been 20 or so in our group and we had 3 lanes reserved. There was one server for all of us and after 2 hours of asking repeatedly for a simple order of carrots and celery as a side... it never came. We just cancelled it. Average wait for a drink ended up being 15 minutes. Several of us tried to order drinks from the main bar as to not wait so long. We were told that we could not order from the bar, but needed to wait on our server to bring any drinks we needed. What?? We were definitely not a rowdy crowd and not many drank much as it proved to be like pulling teeth to just get a drink. This was my first experience here and I was shocked to say the least. Never again.
1	I've been at strikecity for the last 30 minutes.  We have a table of 8, no one has come to take our order since we sat down, oh wait, a server just showed up and has been incredibly rude....
1	When we arrived the hostess informed us there would be a $5 cover charge for some band that was playing. Even though we would have been long gone before they were scheduled. Anyway, this wouldn't have been a problem if we hadn't called before to check the prices of everything at the time we were going and they didn't mention this at all. Now, we decided it wasn't that big of a deal and payed the charge which the girl said included shoes but not the lane - ok. We go to get our shoes and pay for our lane where we were informed shoes were not in fact included in the charge. At this point my group was pretty tired of all the back and forth and decided to get our money back and leave. They said ok until they realized we were ALL leaving. And they were going to lose a lot of money right then. So they change their minds and tell us to come back in two hours. What?! It ended with us getting a whole lot of attitude from the front girls and them accusing us of trying to steal money from them.I won't ever be going back here and you probably shouldn't waste your time or money here either. TL:DR? The employees here are rude and they don't care. All they care about is getting your money by overcharging you for their shitty service.
2	The food is ok, don't go unless you are really hungry. They do partner with the pizza resturant next door, which is yummy! We usually only go to watch the UFC fights, normally the drinks are decent, but this past saturday they were completely watered down. I don't know how you can mess up a Long Island Ice tea, or a cosmo.  We asked the waitress if the manager could have the bartender remake the drinks, he had a standoff attitude, stating the long island is premade so it should always taste the same and he couldn't do anything. The waitress gave me another cosmo but I refused the drink , he only gave it to me because I told him nevermind we will just drink our $9.00 glass of water. The prices for bowling are ridiculous, the food is mediocre, the staff are young and if they are older adults this atmoshphere isn't a place to attend if you are sober. It's a waste of your time. The epicentre can do better.
1	This establishment is downright racist.  We were told that we could sit in the booths and that it was first come first serve at the time.  Another couple proceeded to sit down at our booth and then we were told that we had to leave for no apparent reason.  The only different between us and them was race.  The bouncer then proceeded to scream at my friend that she needed to leave or he was going to make her leave.  All this was going on as the rude couple who took the table yelled and pointed middle fingers at us.  They were never asked to leave.  Very unfair, rude, racist treatment.  And actually before this event occurred I went to the bar to get a drink and was told by a bar tender that he was too busy to take my order and that I needed to find another bar tender.  Definitely the LAST time I will ever visit this establishment.  What a shame that people still get treated this way this day in age.
4	Fancy bowling in uptown - yes please.  This is a great place to watch sporting events and hang with your friends and even meet other people.  The food is average bar food at best but suitable for this environment.  If you have a large party, their private bowling party room is a blast!!
1	We were visiting Charlotte for a long weekend.  While driving around downtown Saturday night we found the center in which StrikeCity is located.  We were looking for something to do and thought bowling would be a lot of fun.The hostess told us the wait would be an 1 hour and 30 minutes so we left our contact info and since we were in no particular rush we decided to have drinks at the bar while we waited.  Over 2.5 hours later we check back at the counter and it still wasn't our turn.  However, when glancing at the list all the names before us and after us had been scratched off.  When I confronted the hostess she informed me that those were all cancellations - SURE...  It wasn't until I stood at the counter for service that we were able to get a lane.Once we started bowling we enjoyed the experience but due to the HORRIBLE service we won't be back.
1	We were having a good time and a fake security minion tried to inform us that we couldn't use a 6lb ball because it was for kids. Which is fine and I would have stopped using it but he told me it was for women and if I wanted to be a man I wouldn't use a ball like that. I didn't feel like this is the type of language that an employee should use towards a paying customer so I asked to speak with a manager. The manager Cliff or Biff or something was even more rude. He was smirking the entire time he talked to me and was extremely rude. I don't get how you could try to belittle a paying customer while you're the manager of a bowling alley. Isn't that job for Kids anyway? Definitely not a class act.
2	A place that tries to be a bowling alley, Epicenter night time hot spot and sports bar but doesn't do a good job at be any of those. I've been there a few times for private events and each time fell short of expectations (although in fairness the last time was the best). As an example- one event used one of the private rooms. I asked the bartender for an advertised beer special which was plastered all of the joint. He said they didn't have it there and would have to run to the main bar to get it. Even by the own omission of someone helping run one of the events they admitted they didn't have their act together. Other points- 12 lanes for the main area is not enough. I don't think I've been to any bowling that doesn't have at least twice that much.- Drink prices are a bit higher than other Epicenter locations. Their specials tend to not be all that special.- The guy's nice but do they really need a guy manning the sink in the men's room? I expect that at night clubs but any place with anything to do with bowling doesn't need that. Goes back to the point that it doesn't know what type of place it wants to be.
3	Nice. Great atmosphere!  We avoided to go over the weekend,  which it was a great idea!
5	What's not to like about an upscale bowling alley that serves great food and has a decent selection of drinks? Strike city is a staple at the epicenter in uptown Charlotte. It is a must stop while you're in the area if you've never been - especially on game day for Buckeye fans.  They cultivate a great atmosphere during Buckeye games with a DJ that plays music during commercials, a raffle that supports local scholarships, and drink/food specials.  Not many people were bowling during the Buckeye game so it would be a great option for those with kids.  The kids can have fun bowling while the parents enjoy the game.
4	It's part bowling alley, part restaurant, part bar, part karaoke, part whatever the crowd feels like doing. It's fun, affordable, and as long as your not rude or stupid to the staff, they treat you awesome. Definitely had a great time and the pizza is incredible.
2	This place has so much potential, but unfortunately their customer service is very poor and I don't care to ever go there again. I went on a Thursday night because I was selected to have a VIP Party there.  The lady at the door must not have been trained properly because I had to ask her where we were supposed to sit and even when we decided on the table there was no waitress to be found for at least 10 minutes. Free appetizers came with the VIP Party and I understand it's "while supplies last" but why would you set out big plates AND little appetizer plates. By the time my party got in line to get their food we were left with the little plates and they ran out of chicken wings. While bowling was fun, my friends and I were waiting yet again for a server to come and give us menus. As soon as the server came to our table I asked her the prices of the martinis and if she had a favorite. Her answer basically left me wanting just a water because she didn't have a favorite martini and didn't care to refer anything else. My friend ordered a couple martinis. She didn't like them even though she was already tipsy and it took over 15 minutes for the bartender to make them. As if the service for the food and drinks weren't bad enough, the lady at the front desk handling the bowling lanes was pretty rude as well. I wanted to split the lane up between 5 people and the amount was about $13 she says, "Really??? $13? You want to split it?" After waiting five minutes for her to split the ticket I ended up just paying for it altogether. It really sucked because I love to bowl and this would've been a great spot for me and my friends to come out to on occasion. However, I'll settle for Dave and Busters or even AMF next time.
3	Nice bar area and the lanes are nice. It is a little pricey at $35/hr. The drinks are moderately priced, but could be a little stronger. The dj when I went on a Sunday night was really good though.
4	Aside from the other reviews, I had a great time here. Although it is a bit pricier than your usual bowling center, I had an amazing time. When we didn't like our drink, they gladly helped us figure things out. I would definitely go back!
1	Worst service ever. No shoes between size 8-11 at 2pm and the lane didn't work after waiting 30 mins in a empty bowling alley.
1	Customer service first entering was rude, the THREE girls standing behind the desk looked right at me and continued to ignore me. After getting some service, I went to get a drink. After selecting my drink the bartender made it NOT to MY liking. I got the attention of another bartender, she told she couldn't remake or take the drink off my tab, because there was nothing wrong with it. I ordered a beer instead while still having to pay for the drink I didn't like. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich I received a very gross cafeteria tasting sandwich that came with approximately 12 french fries. If you are going to be an upscale bowling alley lets act like it. Extremely Disappointed. Never again will I visit any Strike City.
