4	How can there be no reviews of Max's Allegheny? This north side German food institution in Pittsburgh has been around for years and years and has menus that tell you so. They also tell you the story of the north side of Pittsburgh, which I also found interesting. The place itself has a lot of character and looks like it's seen a lot of years there. It's a little weathered, but definitely homey and sturdy.Randy S. and I headed there post Tazza D'Oro on a Sunday for brunch. It happened to be the same very Sunday the Pens were playing the Flyers in game 7, so all the waitresses were wearing Pens paraphernalia, which definitely added to the experience. On Sunday morning it has a brunch buffet with all the standards, plus a healthy dose of Germanic add ons like German farmers breakfast (eggs, sausage and gravy-ed potatoes), red cabbage, pork chops, sauerkraut and potato pancakes. The brunch buffet is in a room with a giant tapestry of Neuschwanstein behind the guys at the omelet bar. If that's not rad, I don't know what is. We told the waitress we were going in, went and got back and sat down to find our two ice teas on the table in mason jars (always dope). The food was just what you would expect in Pittsburgh: gut busting. It wasn't artisinal or fancy, healthy or particularly remarkable, but it was pretty fonking good and to eat that food in that restaurant really made me feel like I was in Pittsburgh. I can imagine all the food there would be of the 'hot and brown' category, in a positive way. And the waitress was probably the nicest on our drive from Dallas to CT. A really fun place, if showing it's age (though remorselessly).
5	Crap!  I can't believe that I missed a "First to Review" by just a matter of weeks.  Max's Allegheny Tavern has been a shining star and a "must" for my Pittsburgh rotation of places to visit.  Years ago, when I worked on the Northside for Heinz, I spent many a rowdy Friday night here in the basement with factory workers.  What's there to say?  It's a Northside institution and always has a mixed crowd that is super cool and friendly.  The bartenders are friendly and manage to remember my name and drink choice even though I'm here only a few times a year.  My Friday nights here must have made quite an impression!  I love the decor here, dark wood paneling with lots of stained glass, and the downstairs bar is where the naughty people hang.  Jukebox and room for dancing.  The food is very homey and very reasonably priced.  The German nachos are always worth ordering, and they are smothered with Gouda cheese.  The spatzle is also a creamy indulgent treat.  And for those seeking the real Deutsch culinary experience, they have a large variety of sausages and schnitzels.  So it's a sausage factory in more ways than one.
5	I have eaten here many times in the last 27 years, and I must say I have never had a bad meal here.  The Reuben is good, as is the Turkey Reuben, which is served between 2 potato pancakes instead of bread.  The Beefeater Sandwich is always a good bet.  The beef is always tender, and never fatty or grisly.  For the times when I'm a bit more hungry, I get the Wienerschnitzel.  Try the German Potato Salad and/or the Sweet and Sour Cabbage.  And don't forget dessert.  The desserts are homemade by the owner's wife.
1	Despite living in PIttsburgh for most of my life, I've somehow managed to never eat at Max's Allegheny Tavern until recently.  My initial impression of the restaurant was positive - the place had an old neighborhood feel to it, a small crowd was drinking at the end of the antique hardwood bar, and the German murals on the walls made me crave an icy-cold German lager with a stout head of foam.  I thought about how well German potato salad would taste with that beer.  So I grabbed a seat at the bar and eagerly awaited the first taste of my beer.And I waited...and waited...and waited some more - for over 15 minutes before someone came around to take the order.  Actually that isn't quite accurate.  Two employees came around - one to the end of the bar, and one behind the bar directly opposite me.  Both of them stared at me.  Neither one greeted me or asked me what I would have like to order.  I stared back, incredulously, and even made a "what's going on here" palms-extended-upward-shoulder-shrug gesture.  Neither one took the hint.Finally a third employee came around the bar and took my order.  Great, I thought to myself, finally that beer.  She served the beer in a Mason jar.  WTF?!?  Who serves imported German lager at a German restaurant in a freaking Mason jar?  Max's does.  The beer was devoid of its head, likely the result of a bad beer pour and/or a less than perfectly clean glass (an endemic problem with Pittsburgh restaurants, in my observation).  I was sad.  I quaffed my beer quickly in an attempt to salve my irritation and opened the menu.My first impression of the menu can be summed as follows: "Uh-oh".  The menu is huge with a number of "slow-food" stews and braises.  The restaurant is more than half-empty.  How can a restaurant prepare such a large number of menu items, including more than a few labor-intensive dishes, freshly every day and still stay in business when the place isn't even half-full?  Answer: They can't.  The food isn't fresh.I ordered the Wiener Schnitzel.  I love properly prepared Wiener Schnitzel.  Made with fresh butterflied veal breast, slightly pounded and seasoned, well-coated in fresh bread crumbs, and pan-fried in clarified butter until golden brown on the outside and juicy on the inside, Wiener Schnitzel is the ultimate comfort food.  Sadly, Max's Wiener Schnitzel had nothing to do with properly prepared Schnitzel.  The veal was super-thin, had a texture that strongly suggested it had been mechanically processed, and tasted as if it was pre-breaded and frozen.  It wasn't pan fried either.  The breaded, frozen, puck was simply dropped into a fryolater - where the breading puffed out and fell off of the meat in places (which doesn't happen when the cutlet is resting against the cooking surface under its own weight as when the dish is properly pan-fried).  The edges of the sad Schnitzel had curled up and it looked a horrible mess on the plate.  Curly Schnitzel?!?  My stomach dropped.My sides, German potato salad and braised red cabbage, were equally awful.  The German potato salad had an unnatural glossy sheen - the kind that typically comes from bottled sauces that contain high fructose corn syrup.  The "bacon" in the dressing was nothing more than tiny flecks of some sort of processed, possibly faux, "meat".  The potatoes were suspiciously uniform in thickness and roundness - exactly the homogeneity that is found in pre-peeled, pre-sliced, vacuum-sealed processed potatoes.  It was a gluey, sickly sweet, mess.  I didn't have more than a bite or two.  The braised red cabbage didn't taste fresh - it tasted like it had been sitting in a steam table for a day or two and my order was its last chance to be eaten.  Max's Allegheny Tavern bills itself on their web site as, "The Best in German Fare.  The Best in Service".That's total bullshit.  It's awful - both for service and fare.If you want good, authentic, German fare (in which the Schnitzel is properly pan-fried to order and delicious), join the Teutonia Mannerchor down the street.  I'll never return.
3	decent german food and decent beer.  their party room in the basement is great for very large groups, birthday parties or other types.  i was raised only a few blocks from this place so i've eaten here quite a bit.  i've had most of what's on the menu so it's hard to decide what is best.  very authentic german food and a good neighborhood bar.
5	I like this restaurant so much I had my wedding rehearsal dinner here.  (Both the families liked the food very much.)  Max's is the best German food in Pittsburgh -- actually, it's the best German food I've had outside of Germany, and I've definitely had worse meals in Germany as well.Max's is in a restored hotel, and the decor is very much in the Victorian style of the original hotel building.  The exception is the bar area that's good for happy hour or watching a game, or just having a beer -- that has a lot of neon and a jukebox.  But the bar area is also tasteful and pleasant to be in.  Max's has a full bar, but their real specialty is their excellent selection of German beers, both in bottles and on tap.I haven't met a wurst I didn't like, and they're pretty much all offered here.  The Braunschweiger sandwich is pretty delicious and unique in my experience, and the schnitzels are very delicious as well.  Another specialty is the kase spatzle (Spatzle noodles with smoked Gouda cheese -- a twist on mac and cheese that ensures that even a picky child will have something to enjoy here), but my two favorite menu picks here are the hassenpfeffer and the spinach salad with warm bacon dressing.  For sides, the red cabbage salad is my favorite, although the sauerkraut is also very good.  I don't care for the German potato salad, however -- I like the kind that has caraway seeds and vinegar, and is served cold, but Max's offers the kind that has an unidentifiable sauce and is served warm.  Some people like that style of potato salad though, and from what I can tell, Max's does a decent rendition of it.If you're looking to reserve a room here for a banquet, you have a lot of options.  The basement "Rathskellar" is more bar-like in its atmosphere.  It would be a good place for some guys to have a birthday party or something.  For a rehearsal dinner or other formal event, one of the upstairs banquet rooms would be better.  Depending on the size of your group, you can arrange to have a buffet-style dinner, or individuals in the group can order directly off the regular dinner menu.
4	Real german food (sausage, etc) and decent beer in family friendly atmosphere.This is one of the good joints.
4	I have been eating their sauerbraten since I was a little girl.  I love this place.  I love the old-fashioned decor, the room setup makes you feel as if you're in an old house, and there is a piano that plays itself by the bar if you feed it a quarter.if you're a first time visitor, i reccomend their wonderful sampler platter that allows you to choose 3 (i think) entrees and some sides.superyum!
4	Want a taste of the old ethnic communities of Pittsburgh? Go to Max's Allegheny Tavern. German never tasted sooo nice!Menu Fav: Potato Pancake Reuben. Forget the bread and wrap your lips around sweet potato pancakes and loads of corned beef. Try the hot potato salad too.
5	I am a big fan of Max;;s for their local flair, real German food, and authentic Pittsburgh feeling. They did not sell out, are not overly commercialized, and should be supported for the long standing quality service to the city. Thanks, Max's.
5	Great atmosphere, wonderful service and really great food. My husband and I shared the Brat sandwich and the sampler with schnitzel Lichtenstein, sauerbraten and something with an 'l' that I can't remember the spelling of (ground loaf)....all were excellent. We had the sauerkraut and spatzle, and cabbage as sides. The bread brought out before the meal included apple butter and sweet & sour relish (cabbage) and those were excellent too. Would love the sweet & sour relish in a side size portion it is so delicious. The red dining room is nicely decorated and love the cuckoo clock that is reminiscent of my grandmother's. The beer out of the mason jar is a fun touch.  Our bill came to $29 (1 beer, 1 diet coke for our drinks) and it was a fabulous meal for so little.
5	Max's Allegheny Tavern is one of the best restaurants in all of Pittsburgh. It's an ideal place to take friends and families. The food is a bit pricey (by my cheap standards), but you get a TON of it so it's absolutely worth it. It's a restaurant that stays true to the Northside's "Allegheny City" roots.The Max Burger is a classic. The Northside Ham and Swiss is great if you want something light. The schnitzels are ideal if you need something a little more filling. They also offer a beer sampler and some very good desserts. The spatzle and kasa spatzle go well with everything and they're fine by themselves!To those who are interested, Max's has an original cocktail-style Donkey Kong/Galaga arcade game that takes quarters.Like with Amani, Max's IS wheelchair accessible, but the ramp is INSIDE the restaurant. There is a host on duty by the door who will set it up.
1	I must of been eating at another Max's in a pararell universe!Food was terriable, service was worse! Went and got Sushi!
5	Definitely my favorite German restaurant, this place brings back memories.... often a bit negative as it's right near the hospital... yes, my Mom took me there after my arm breaking fiasco, that time I got hit by the car, etc., etc. (I was obviously an uncoordinated child), but also wonderful as I could literally lose myself in their vast array of tasty foods.  It's definitely a North Side staple, and the atmosphere has a "well worn" appeal with old pictures of the local Germanic community and of the area.  This place has it's own personality, which is a plus in my opinion!As for the food... well, you can't find much better German food than this and at this price!  Both of my parents favor the peasant platter.  Me, I love the stuffed pretzel appetizer, all the different sausages (the weisswurst is amazing!), and their kasespatzle (thick, doughy egg noodles with butter and cheese).  I will always associate Max's with the best, most flavorful German food at an affordable price!
5	Have been  eating at Max's for 20 years.  One of the restaurants I misss the most now that I'm out of the 'Burgh.  Visit often and always stop by.  Great food and great Beer....not a bad combo.  I have dreams at night about there wurst platter and spatzele with cheese....definately a don't miss attraction
4	If you're visiting Pittsy and you want to find some "local flavor" served with a side  dish of damned good german food, Max's is for you.  I was so happy to come here after a week of hotel/bar/fancy restaurant food...total wonderful german heaven.  I went with the sauerbraten, a perennial favorite of mine.  I can't say that Max's was the best I've ever had (cuz mine is the best I've had), but it was damn good.  And the sauerkraut! and potato pancakes! and the beer served in mason jars!  It was fun and fantabulous!  Great, friendly servicee with personality.  As many schnitzels on the menu as you can imagine (my co-worker had schnitzel with an egg, anchovy and capers on top, if you can imagine).I didn't order the "corned beef meatballs" ...I can not believe they make such a thing.
2	Visiting from San Francisco. Food was mediocre at best. Bland is the best description.  Sausages and  Weiner Schmitzel were unremarkable. Best was the sweet & sour cabbage that accompanied. But also served were over-boiled 'daily vegetable' of snap peas, asparagus, and red peppers.... to the point that they were losing their color. Good beer. Yes it has old photos of days gone by... but really there seemed no joy here now...
5	Not only does this place have a very nice atmosphere, the food is good (and cheap) too!For under 10 dollars a person we each got:-A drink-A Bradtwurst sausage-2 giant potato pancakes, served with sourcream (note that these are NOT latkes)-A huge bowl of saurkraut, which also contained some pork and cranberries.Delicious home-baked bread, which was served with some saurkraut (prepared differently than the side) and apple-butter sauce.YUM!It's hard not to like this place. I'm still having cravings for those pancakes :(
4	Do you know Max & Erma's? Well say hello to just Max (no seriously, Erma sold out.)Max's specializes in delicious German fare (think Hofbrauhaus, only better) and a delightful atmosphere. This is the type of restaurant that after you go once, you just want to go back again and again. You'll be in the middle of finals and think "sampler platter please." If you're going out in the North Side to catch a game or out to a museum, I highly recommend stopping by Max's to partake in a meal. I have yet to be let down.
3	Greatest place in Pittsburgh for German food!!My favorite dinner here is Max's Goulash.  Its a great beef stew with spaetzle and you can get potato pancakes on the side.  The potato pancakes are, without a doubt, the best in Pittsburgh!!While the food is fantastic, the staff and customer service is what keeps this place from being really excellent.  Its a very "come as you are" sort of place and rightfully so as it's a tavern/restaurant but the staff may take the casual nature of the restaurant a little too seriously.One evening about a year ago, I went in for dinner.  I originally thought to sit at a wooden booth in the bar and there was only 1 open, the last towards the back.  I sat down and the seat completely collapsed on me!  I'm far from what you'd call "fat" "heavy set" or even a "big girl" and the staff just sort of stared at me as though it were my fault that their booth just fell apart, the bartender even laughed at me while I tried to get up.  No one asked if I was ok, no one asked if I needed help and I was generally ignored as I tried to pull myself to my feet.*I* had to approach the hostess, tell her that the booth had just collapsed and ask to be reseated.  She rolled her eyes at me and told me the dining room was full so I'd have to wait.  Ok, understandable... could you offer a drink or a manager or something while I waited considering the fact that your booth just broke apart?The entire incident was either completely ignored by staff, like it never happened or I was looked at like it was my fault.  I didn't even get so much as an apology!I've been back a couple of times since then because the food is always good but I always sit in the dining room now which is sort of a shame because I actually like the bar atmosphere better.  Luckily for me though, their menu is online and they offer take out.  Unfortunately, they have the hostess answering those phone calls and since she's not a server, she doesn't have a lot of knowledge about the menu.  When I asked for a total, I was put on hold for a couple of minutes.  She finally came back and I asked how long and was put on hold again so she could go ask the kitchen.  She was quite rude about it, like I was bothering her.Bottom line: Max's *is* the best place for German food in Pittsburgh, hands down.  But, the food is the only thing you're going for.  The staff could use some help on customer service.
2	Great atmosphere of a neighborhood pub, good German beer selection, but food was less than mediocre.  Won't be back. Weisswurst was very bland.  Sauerbraten was dry and tasteless.  Spaetzle was, well, not tradidional German Spaetzle.  Schnitzel and purple cabbage  were the high points, but then again, it's hard to screw up a fried veal cutlet.
3	After a long day at work I met up with a friend for some German fair on the northside. I don't get out to this neck of the woods that often so it was a treat for me! All appetizers are  $2.99 during happy hour so we went with the Potato pockets which were perogies in my book. They were crispy and creamy, and topped with fried onions. They also had a side of french onion sour cream. Pretty tasty stuff! Plus they gave you so many I could have filled up just on the app. I ordered the Bell's Oberon while my dining partner ordered the sampler. I have to say that she wasn't that impressed with the brew. "Dirty pipes" and I quote. I had the same taste from my order so I focused on the food.We both ended up ordering Max's Goulash that was suggested by another Yelper! You can't go wrong when you have that recommendation. This is not our small town neighborhood goulash made from egg noodles and a mix with ground beef. The noodles in this feast were homemade and chunky, piled high with a peppery meaty sauce infused with fall off the fork beef, carrots, peas, and tiny pearl onions. If you remember yesterday was a cold, rainy, gloomy day. This was real comfort and I had to take it to go. Rain is still in the forecast so leftovers will be grand!
4	I really like this Northside institution.  They serve the beer in jars and I had Spaten German beer- very good.  They put really buttery free popcorn on the table so be careful- the grease sticks to your fingers.  In the bar they have an old fashioned player piano.  I really like the German fare- big portions. The schitzel is good but not great but overall way better than Hofbrauhaus and not Disney- it's the real McCoy.
5	A Pittsburgh tradition.  Try the Cheese stuffed pretzel appetizer, Count Esterhazy Schnitzel, and Apple Strudel (of course) for dessert.  Yum
3	I took my boyfriend, a German-food enthusiast, to Max's Allegheny Tavern last night. We had been looking forward to a night out together for a while. I think the food was good, but it's hard to say, because all I could focus on was the LOUD -- and I mean LOUD -- woman seated behind my boyfriend and me.Her profanity-laden discussion with her dining partners was so bad that for the first time in my life, I turned around and asked a fellow restaurant patron to take the volume down a few notches. The restaurant was almost empty; I have no idea why the host chose to seat a loud party of five next to a couple having a quiet dinner.
4	I don't have the opportunity to eat a lot of German food, but the Weisswurst platter I had here was quite excellent. Prices are moderate. Service was just awesome.The menu is quite extensive, and I hear the beer is pretty good too. If I lived in Pittsburgh, I would be a regular.
4	My girlfriend and I were in town for a vintage race (Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix) and were looking for someplace different to eat. We came across Max's. Wow, did we ever chow down. About as authentic as you can get and that comes from someone who lived in Bavaria for 3 years and has traveled extensively through Germany over the years. If you're into German food, I can't recommend this place enough. The atmosphere is spot on, the service is great and the price is good. If I lived in Pittsburgh, I could see me making this place a regular stop.
4	Let me start off by saying that I am unfamiliar with German food. I cannot compare what I had with what is served in Germany, but I will describe my experience. I ordered a special, which apparently changes at weekly or monthly. The name slips my mind but I will describe it thus: homemade mac and cheese (not the processed powder stuff!) with mini shell pasta. Crumbled crackers topped this concoction that tastes eerily like my grandmother's. She is Italian by the way. The mac and cheese has a variety of 3 different sausages sliced: knackwurst, bratwurst, and Weisswurst. The portion was large! I had to take home about 1/3 of my meal. Maybe the breads and side salad filled me up. :) In my opinion, it was good but doesn't do well as a leftover. My dessert consisted of German chocolate cake. I know, I know...how original. BUT I LOVE GERMAN CHOCOLATE CAKE!!!! And yes, I do know that German chocolate was created in America by a man with the last name of German...STILL LOVE IT!!! I NEED to go back soon so I can try more of their food. One visit isn't enough. I had my sample and I want more!
4	I've been going to Max's off and on for 31 years (I KNOW!  How could someone as young as I am been going there for THAT long?)    And I am not from nor ever lived in the North Side!That said...i have always loved the food and the place.   I was great the first time and was great last night!   Most of the mains can be recommended without reservation....last night I had roasted pork with dressing and gravy.  It was deliscious!    As for sides....I ALWAYS have potato pancakes and sweet and sour cabbage.  (Because of my eastern european background I am partial to both cabbage and potatoes.   Do not be afraid of the cabbage unless you dislike sour! We didn't have dessert, but did have beer and drinks.   They have a nice selection.My only complaint was that the food was slow to come out.   It was a busy Friday night and I wasn't going anywhere so I had anover beer.   No big problem.Give Max's a try.....it might make your favorite like it did mine!
3	The goulash was (sickeningly) sweet and the bread pudding wasn't sweet at all.  But the atmosphere is kind of cool.  And the prices are downright cheap.
2	Let me preface this by saying that my understanding of goulash came from what my mom called goulash.  Goulash in the Contrucci household was made of elbow noodles, beef and spaghetti sauce.  I guess you can't believe everything your parents tell you right?  So going in here, I was thinking, great...mom's goulash!  What was set in front me looked NOTHING like what I was used to.  It was a mish mosh of veggies,noodles, gravy and some random unidentifiable food items.  I usually eat whatever is put in front of me, so I wasn't scared to dive it.  Sadly, I just didn't like it.  I thought it was actually not very appetizing at all.  I know, I know, this is like "world famous" goulash, but I was NOT into it!  What I was into was the German Potato Salad.  I love it, and honestly, I feel like I never get the same version of it anywhere in the Burgh.  This was a no frills version, with scallop sliced potatoes and a thick vinegar sauce.  Maybe a bit too much, but not enough for me to eat it all!  Would I go back? If someone else really wanted to go there, but I wouldn't suggest it nor would I go on my own.  Oh well, on to the next one right?
3	I wasn't excited about Max's when I first walked in. There were no servers in evidence and I wandered through the entire restaurant looking for an employee to seat me before finally asking the bartender to help. After that, though, things definitely improved. I loved the slightly shabby, old-world vibe. The old photos on the wall were interesting, and the menu slash old newspaper was a pretty cute presentation. We got appetizers for dinner, and my favorite by miles was the potato pocket with grilled onions on top. (Basically a pierogi.) So good. So, so good. I actually wasn't as excited about the potato pancakes as I expected - maybe because I was expecting more of a latke style flavor profile? Not sure. We also got the stuffed pretzels - total heart attack on a plate - in a good way! I loved that everything we got came with dipping sauces. So fun. Overall a positive experience. I'd go back.
4	We (my fiance and I) went out for a pseudo-couples' date with our good friends, Sara and Thom, to Max's to introduce them to some of the most authentic German food in da Burgh. Where most people associate Hofbrauhaus with the ultimate German beer-hall experience, I prefer Max's for the quieter, less raucous environs. (At least when it's not Oktoberfest)We'd been there once before and immediately fell in love with the place. I (still) keep raving about the Sausage and Cheese platter. They've got some good Gouda. The Potato Pockets (pierogies) were OK -- I'd take some Pierogies Plus or Forgotten Taste over Max's, but that's just me.The spaetzel was to die for, however. It's like a German Mac n' Cheese. And boy, do I love me some Mac n' Cheese. It literally melts in your mouth with its' ooey-gooey-ness.Drink-wise, I tried their German lager and Thom tried the sampler. Thom is a beer enthusiast. For around eight bucks, you get a GOOD amount of beers to try -- they are not some dinky little shot glass samples, either. Thom had some trouble near the end finishing it...it was so much beer. Bob had a Captain and ginger-ale...in a king-size goblet. Goblets are the ONLY way to serve adult bevvies.For dinner, I had the pork loin over an apple-raisin gravy/bread concoction. The pork loin was flavorful and tender, and quite delicious. Sara had the sauerbraten and seemed to enjoy it. Bob's burger was ginormous and looked extra tasty.We finished it off with the Apple Fritters. Now, these fritters aren't for the faint of heart. And they aren't your average dinky small sized portions, either. You get two huge deep fried apple fritters, covered in vanilla ice cream. One person CANNOT eat the whole serving. You must, I repeat MUST share them. If you attempt to eat the whole plate yourself, you will have flavor explosion, followed by severe heartburn. But damn, are they GOOD.Our visit ended up totaling 2 hours. One thing, though...please fix your outdoor sign. Usually it shines out like a red and blue beacon in the night for people to find their way there, but on Wednesday, it was out. Driving there, I got confused on where it exactly was (but I had a general idea, as I had been there before.).
5	The food is simply four-star good, but the atmosphere and service are definitely worth a star all by themselves. Max's is cozy in a neighborhood hangout kind of way, with a menu that will hit the spot if "nouvelle" is not your favorite cuisine.  They do have a vegetarian sandwich, but we went for the potato pancake reubens (turkey and regular) with onion rings and apple sauce and were very pleased.  The pancake batter is on the floury side, so they are more pancake than latke, but they were good nonetheless.  If I lived a little closer, I'd be here all the time - local North Side brews, and a menu I'm looking forward to exploring from top to bottom. They even have my favorite dessert from when I was little, Black Forest cake, so you know I'll be back for that.
4	Really excellent German food. Everything on the menu is delicious. I always enjoy the knockwurst platter. The potato pancakes are great.  I used to think German food was always heavy, however when it's cooked well, the way Max's serves it, it's light, tender and delicious.
4	Nice lil bar/restaurant with awesome staff.My favorite thing about this place: The staff.Friendly, kind and super nice.
5	I have been going to Max's for 20 years.  I love this place.  The Einlauf soup is just simple good eats, but if you're ever there when the soup special is beer cheese - ORDER IT!!.  I love their potato pancakes, sauerbraten and the basket of German rolls served with sauerkraut salad and apple butter.  The waitresses have been there for years, they are the best!  Most delicious long island iced tea in the city.
4	Diane is awesome, i used to live in PA andmoved to CA and this is a great place for a beer,cheap food and good friends.I miss this place.One of my favorites places back home in PA!
5	This is my favorite restaurant on the Northside, possibly favorite restaurant in all of Pittsburgh.  I tell all my friends that this little restaurant is the best kept secret in Pittsburgh.  Max's is a quaint little German place that always has plenty of seating, even on Friday and Saturday nights.  The service is good.  The food is great, I always end up getting the potato pancakes.  If you are looking for a place to check out that isn't going to be as crowded and will be more "authentic" German food than other places you should definitely come to Max's!
5	Excellent German food.  I went in for an early lunch, the service was great.  Had a whole feast of great dishes.  The best sauerkraut i've ever had -- subtle, with caraway.  Sweet and sour cabbage, potato salad, spaetzle, a great weisswurst, and a great wheat beer on tap.
5	I honestly can't get enough of this place.  We used to come here after going to Pirates games since its right up the road.  Now its one of my favorite places to go out with my friends.Its a bit pricey (~$15/person), but the quality and quantity is superb.  The service is pretty good.  The atmosphere has a nice feel to it, perhaps its the antiquity.. I love the cuckoo clock and tapestries they have.Now, to the food:The bread they give you... with apple butter!! ... is very fresh and tasty.  Try not to fill up on it while waiting on your huge main course.. The Bavarian soft pretzels were warm and soft when we ordered them.  Also delicious.The sampler platter is a great deal if you don't know yet what you like.  You get 3 entrees and the typical sides for ~$16.  My favorite, though, is the schnitzel liechtenstein, with sauerkraut and potato pancakes.  Fresh and delicious everytime.I would definitely recommend this place to anybody who likes ethnic, or German/Bavarian food, or just trying new stuff.  It's awesome.
4	Max's is a great place for German food.  I've had several sandwiches, most of the appetizers and even the Sunday brunch (which has a good spread but can be hit or miss) -  though not all in one visit.I most recently took my Mom out for dinner using a Living Social deal I had.  Somehow, even though we have both been to Max's quite a few times before neither of us had ever seen the sampler platter option on their menu.  For just a bit more than the cost of the regular entrees, you can choose three entrees and two sides.  Obviously the portions of each selection are smaller than the individual meals, but the size is still generous and there were only a couple things not available for the sampler platter.  Between the two of us we selected six different items and four different sides to try and shared everything - and still had enough left for a full meal each the next day.  I can't even decide on my favorite of all the items we tried.  If you aren't sure about some of the entrees, this is a great way to see what you like.  I personally loved everything so much that I think my new go-to menu item from now on will be the sampler platter.  Not being forced to choose just one item is what living in America is all about.All together I think our bill was around $35 (no alcoholic beverages consumed).  Some might consider this a tad pricey but the food is so good I usually don't mind the slightly higher cost.  Service has never been a problem for me in fact they've always been helpful when I have questions about the menu.  Full bar with numerous good beers on tap.  If you want German food in Pittsburgh, Max's is definitely the place to start.
3	I really thought I'd never be back.  The goulash I had was so so gross.  But then,  was roped in by some friends who were doing a Sunday brunch book club.  Of course I couldn't miss out on tantalizing conversation... so I obliged.  I really had no clue what they offered for brunch options, but quickly learned they have a a pretty decent size brunch buffet.  I'm not below buffets at all, it's the fat kid in me!  Most things still looked a little questionable to me, but I went for the big ticket items.  Make your own omelets, potato pancakes and dessert.  I'd hit up the buffet again, but still be hasty to check out the regular menu again.  The omelet was made right in front of you, so I added cheese, mushrooms, peppers, tomatoes and onions.  I was super excited about it because it was the size of a football.  Sadly, it was pretty tasteless.  I don't think they added any salt or pepper to the egg mix, so it came out really bland, despite loading up on ingredients.  But the potato pancakes... I could survive on them forever.  They were amazeballs!  Add some sour cream and I was in potato patch heaven!  I had to keep myself from getting more because of the other thing I loaded up on... dessert.  The desserts looked unassuming, but they were also awesome.  I had a smattering of delectable bites.  The scones were so moist and tasty.  I had to stop myself from taking more than 20.  I also had some carrot cake, brownies, cookies among other things I inhaled and didn't pay attention too.  Should I be embarrassed?  Probably.  But I don't care because it was darn good!
5	this is hands down the best german restaurant in pittsburgh.It is fantastic, although there are two menu items that are inedible.  DO NOT ORDER THE CHICKEN VIENNESE, OR THE GOULASH.I absolutely LOVE this place.  I always get the Sampler Platter and get two knackwurst and a Schnitzel Lichtenstein and then take half of it home.  this review isn't very exciting, bc now I'm thinking about how I was Schnitzel Lichtenstein...Listen I grew up a kleine Madchen in Stuttgart Germany.  I know my German food, and if you are thinking Hoffbrau Haus you are thinking of just one type of german cuisine.  Aside from when Atria's has their Oktoberfest menu, this IS the most authentic German food in Pittsburgh.How good is Max's?It was good enough my German family and I held my sister's rehearsal dinner there.  And they even let us have Polter Abend on the sidewalk outside!  It is good enough we take our father there for Father's Day.If you haven't taken your Dad out to dinner lately, you should!  Take him to Max's!Reasonably priced, and the interior reminds me a little of eating at my grandmother's house.
3	Looking for alternative places to brunch, we ventured out to Max's. The service was quite attentive. The brunch offering was reasonable but not overwhelming. It consisted mainly of waffles, omelette station, fried chicken, stuffed cabbage, potato pancakes, sausage, bratwurst, bacon, and a selection of pastries.The quality of the food was okay, but none of the offerings stood out as memorable. If you are looking for a reasonably priced brunch you could do worse than Max's, but you could also do better.
4	been here a number of times and it's my favorite German food in Pgh!
3	After hearing Hofbrauhaus-haters say that Max's Allegheny Tavern is the only place to go in Pittsburgh for German food, my husband and I decided to finally try the restaurant this afternoon.We were seated in little booths right next to the bar. They were cozy, but the seats reminded me of old fashioned church pews. Our waitress soon brought us a little basket of four rolls with butter, sauerkraut relish, and apple butter. Though I liked the different varieties of bread, it was nothing special. The relish and apple butter were a nice touch though.Our waitress was busy with both waiting tables and tending the bar, but she managed to check on us pretty frequently. Our food also came out relatively promptly. I order the Wiener Schnitzel with Potato Pancakes and Spatzle on the side. The Wiener Schnitzel was amazing -- by far the best I've ever had! The veal was tender and the fried surface was perfectly crispy. However, the sides sadly did not match this main dish. The Potato Pancakes were oddly bitter, and I did not enjoy them with either the sour cream or applesauce. I only ate two or three bites and completely stopped eating them. (I must add that Hofbrauhaus's potato pancakes are delicious and something that I order every time that I go there.) I also did not enjoy the Spatzle, but I am accustomed to eating cheese Spatzle.... So I may be reviewing this harshly since I'm just not used to plain Spatzle, but in my opinion, it was terribly bland and watery.Overall, Max's Allegheny Tavern served one incredible item (Wiener Schnitzel), but everything else was merely mediocre. Because of this, I really don't plan on returning to the restaurant again any time soon. I'll be sticking with the fun environment and overall good food at Hofbrauhaus, actually.
4	I have a friend that loves this place, and I have been told it's the best German food in Pittsburgh so I had to give it a try.I had the Roasted Loin of Pork Stubenkuchen Style with German Style Potato Salad, and Sauerkraut. Everything was really good. The Pork was delicious and that mushroom gravy that they put on it was nothing short of amazing. I want a whole bucket of the stuff to put on everything. The Sauerkraut was interesting featuring shredded pork mixed in. The german potato salad was good but was pretty much what I expected. Their draft  beer Selection left a little bit to be desired but featured 5-8 beers many of them popular german style beers. I got a good idea what this place is all about and I have to say that I will be back for more.
4	What to eat for dinner? Hmmm, a nearby German restaurant sounds good (and it was). There's nothing extraordinary to get into detail about so:1 star for free street parking1 star for ample seating/tables1 star for friendly service1 star for a very good mealSimple, yet effective. Danke.
5	German food and German beer served in a mason jar. Best in Pittsburgh. The history of the tavern and the friendly makes this wish me that I lived closer to Max's.
3	The food isn't as good as it once was.  The atmosphere is kind of dark and needs to be updated.  We ordered potato pancakes that had to be returned because they somehow tasted fishy (I don't even want to speculate).  The other items we ordered were ok. Staff is great, very friendly and attentive.
5	Excellent brunch.  Will go back for dinner.We went here for brunch.  While smallish the selection is quite varied and really really good.  I enjoyed the omlets that were custom made and the waffles.I really am looking forward to going back here for dinner as the menu looked really tastey and the food being brought to other tables looked really good.Both the hostess and the server were polite and attentive.
4	Max's is a nice German restaurant in the North Side and it has a decent bar too.  I'd much rather go here then a place like the Hofbrauhaus.  Unlike Hofbrauhaus, you won't find live accordion music or dancing on the tables here, but what you will find is a quality German meal.  I say leave places like the Hofbrauhaus to the tourists, I want a real German meal.I went for lunch this past weekend and had a kielbasa sandwich with sauerkraut on it.  It was very good, exactly what I wanted from a German restaurant and the service was good too.  The food was served with rolls and a side.  I substituted a spinach salad with hot bacon dressing for a side.I've been to Max's a few times and have been very pleased with both the food and service. I recommend trying the spinach salad with hot bacon dressing, potato pancakes, and the pretzels.
4	Quaint spot on a back street in the North Side.  Very polite service, and delicious food at a great value.  Will definitely go back for authentic German fare.
4	I had Max's sausage platter on a recent visit. Nice menu with something for everyone and taste. Loved the kraut, and wursts included with the meal. The cheese wheel appetizer was a huge hit too! Fun place and our server was great.  She definitely helped give this place a family friendly feel.
2	Not sure why my review was flagged but I can assure that I,m not an employee or another restaurant making trouble for a competitor, just an average consumer that lives on the Northside .         When will I ever learn. I really want to like this place. It's a cool building with neat old fashion feel to it. But the food is mediocre at best.The last time I was there I got what they called German goulash. I have had this made for me by real German cooks so I have a good idea what it's supposed to taste like and this isn't it. It was made from pork instead of beef with frozen peas and carrots. The gravy wasn't a rich and savory, it was canned or packaged with I don't even know what spices in it. When I complained to the waitress she said that most people don't like it either. She asked me if I wanted something else but I was in a hurry and ate the meat after I scraped the gravy off of it. I have been to this place 1 or 2 times a year and I have had undercooked potato pancakes, greasy rubins and cold sausages. The only thing I can say is really good is the spinach salad with warm bacon dressing. It is a bit over priced for the size, but it is always really good.Sunday brunchA neighbor talked me into going here for the brunch and I was glad she did. For an all you can eat brunch they do a nice job keeping things stocked and fresh. The omelet chef was very good making stuff just as you asked him for, yum. The sausage is great and the bacon is cooked in a range of doneness that everyone can find. So, for dinner and lunch my original 2 stars stand but the Sunday brunch is a solid 4 1/2 stars.
1	My husband and I have been to this restaurant many times over the past 20 years and went for sandwiches tonight. Sorry to say it was the worst food we have ever eaten at this place. Reuben sandwich was greasy and had little meat. Sweet potato fries were not edible. We ate at a table at the bar and told Andy our bartender but got zero satisfaction. Since we've had such a bad experience and no effort by the restaurant to remedy a BAD MEAL, be warned!
5	This place is the bee's knees. I try to go here at LEAST once a week. The food is great, the service is equally good (I can only speak for the bar area). I get the pierogies appetizer. It's fried pierogies, lots of sauteed onions (i mean, a lot), and sour cream with onion dip. Amazing.
4	After feeling "crowded out" by the throngs of people converging upon Downtown and the North Shore for the Three Rivers Arts Festival this past Sunday we decided to venture a bit deeper into the North Side and give Max's Allegheny Tavern a whirl. My partner has been in the basement before for various work-related functions, but I had never been there, despite driving by on numerous occasions.     We easily found on-street parking and entered the restaurant. I immediately loved the decor in the entry room/bar area, and those pleasant furnishings continued into the more intimate rear room where we were seated. We enjoyed the beautiful wall tapestries, and I thought the old newspaper-like menus were pretty cool! I was surprised (in a good way) at the old-fashioned urinals in the men's room. In a city that has struggled to nourish and revitalize its history over the years I was already a fan of how unique Max's was in the regard of feeling "authentic" in an era of predictable chains.     We were initially enticed by the prospect of ordering fried soft pretzels stuffed with cheese as a shared appetizer only to find out they were not available. We settled for the non-cheese-stuffed version, which were "melt in your mouth" good and were handsomely complemented by tangy honey mustard. We were a bit dehydrated after walking miles around the city, yet our waitress was very attentive in consistently replenishing our water glasses as soon as they were half-empty. I was craving a burger but was tempted instead by the fried fish sandwich, which I ordered with a side of potato pancakes and applesauce. My partner ordered a fried chicken sandwich with the same side I did.     Our food arrived surprisingly promptly. My fish sandwich was HUGE! I had enough to take home and enjoy for a post-work meal the following evening. The fish tasted fresh, although I wasn't a fan of having to pick small bones out of my mouth in exchange for enjoying that freshness. The bread it was served upon was tasty as well. The potato pancakes were thick, fresh, and were delicious when enjoyed with the chunky applesauce. My partner also thoroughly enjoyed his own sandwich.     As if this wasn't good enough our check was only $22! We will definitely be back soon, at which point I look forward to trying a burger!
4	I have a confession to make........the thing I like most about Max's is their bread!!! They are free....they are fresh made....hot and soft...different kinds....and so so delicious!I'm not a big fan of German food, but it's just my personal taste. The portions are large and atmosphere is very relaxing and casual. I like it.
5	I work on the North Shore and have heard many coworkers rave about Max's.  When I finally tried it, I wish I had not waited so long.  Entering Max's is like going into your grandmother's living room.  Very welcoming and nostalgic.The menu is bigger than I expected with a variety of traditional appetizers and sandwiches along with a large selection of German items.  Everything from multiple varieties of schnitzels, sausages, chickens and a sampler platter that lets you choose a combination of all of the above.  All of the items we tried were full of flavor and served at the perfect temperature.  Speaking of being full, the food is very rich so you will leave with a full stomach.  They have a good selection of beers and even offer a sampler option.  The dessert selection looked delicious, but we were beyond stuffed so will have to savor them on a future visit.  I can't wait to go back!
3	FYI: New happy hour specials are awful. Just awful. Sorry guys, as much as i love you   I've got to put my food down somewhere. Even raising the prices on all of the apps to 3.99 would've been better than taking the pierogie (aka potato pockets) special off all together. Won't be back.
3	This is americanized German food.  For real German food, go to Hofbrauhaus and ask for a schnitzel.
3	I've been here once because this was an easy place to meet for dinner with a friend. I enjoyed eating here well enough.I'm honestly not a die-hard fan of German food, although I guess that wouldn't have mattered: a peak at the menu beforehand revealed that this place's menu is mostly Americanized - proof of this is the fact that my salad was topped with French fries (only in Pittsburgh...). Trust me, even if you don't really like German food, there'll at least be a sandwich you'll like here.Thinking about my usual "overall" summary, I have to say this place wasn't bad and served as a reasonable place to meet - the beer menu looked nice from what I saw and the atmosphere was pretty cozy and even nostalgic and homely - but man, the dining options really weren't that extraordinary. I'm still torn as to how to feel about its menu, because on the one hand obviously it being Americanized meant even I could find something to enjoy, but on the other I feel bad for the people who do like German food and may not be getting what they hope for. It wasn't bad enough that I'd say don't try it and see - just understand it may not be exactly what you expect.
3	I went to Max's for the first time with my family a few weeks ago. I ordered the kielbasa sandwich with a side of kase spaetzle. The kielbasa on the sandwich was topped with a serving of sauerkraut and served on a toasted roll.  It was your average kielbasa sandwich. Satisfying, but nothing out of the ordinary.The kase spaetzle however was noteworthy and delicious. It was smothered in gouda cheese sauce and I love me some gouda! I ate it all and I would have licked the plate if it were socially acceptable. As for the environment, the restaurant is housed in what looks like what might of used to be a house back in the day. It had lots of little dining rooms. The decor was kind of outdated, but I think that's what you'd expect and it's part of the charm. The tables were spaced a little too close for my liking, but it was tolerable. Overall, I'd go back if invited, but I don't know if I'd go again on my own.
4	First I'll start off with the homemade beer.  Nothing spectacular, but it has flavor and is very reasonably priced, as is the menu.  I went with the potato pancake Reuben.  HOLY CRAP.  Probably the most filling meal I've ever ate, but it was worth it.  My boyfriend was pretty happy he got to finish my leftovers.  The German potato salad I had for my side was equally as good.  It had a bit of a bite to it, which I really liked.  I also had to try my boyfriends meal.  He went with one of the wursts, but the exact name is escaping me.  It was made with veal, and was so light and tender - YUM.  That will be my meal when we return.  I can't believe it took me so long to eat here!
2	I have stopped going to Max's for regular meals because the food isn't so good but a friend likes to go for Sunday brunch.I find a good portion of the food is acceptable for the brunch,except the food is not kept hot or even warm on the buffet. Cold kielbasi and sauerkraut is a turn off even though it would be great if it was warmer.  The chef that makes the eggs and omelets to order is really good and the sausage is the best. The bacon and the chicken needs to be cooked a little longer as they are always half raw.So much of what they have would be good if it was kept at least warm. Since they have it in chaffing dishes, I've found that the food comes out cold from the kitchen. Makes you wonder just how safe the kitchen is.
3	Brunch, brunch, brunch.  Max's serves an awesome Sunday Brunch Buffet!  The omelet station is standard (no egg whites for you health-nuts) and heavenly pastries will always await you along with potato pancakes.  I'm not in love with their potato pancakes, but being that Max's specializes in German food, you've got to try at least one with their homemade applesauce.Some of my rotating favorites on the buffet include red cabbage, Eggs Benedict, and the Farmer's Breakfast.  You can order off the menu during brunch if you aren't in mood to gorge yourself on the buffet.  No drinks included with the buffet :( but you can order them, of course.I love the decor at Max's - it's an old house, and much of the furniture looks like it was in this house and just remained when it converted to a restaurant.  Max's location in Old Deutschtown on the North Side fits it perfectly.  They even offer a shuttle to Heinz Field on Steeler game days (small fee applies).
3	This is one of the only German restaurants I know of in the area. The meal was good and reasonably priced. They also have a good beer selection on draft and in bottles. We had a party of 6 going for a 7:30 dinner on a Thursday. Bigger parties tend to chat a little more and take longer in my experience. I felt like they were sort of rushing us out. That might be because they closed the dining room door and started vacuuming the front bar room while we were still finishing up our dinner. I'm not sure if anyone was eating out there but I'm very happy we weren't because it seems really gross to me to vacuum around food. This was around 9:15 and I'm pretty sure they serve until 10. Besides that, our service was good and so was the food. We all split the stuffed pretzels and potato skins as an appetizer. The pretzels are delicious, I could have eaten them all myself! Deep-fried and stuffed with cheese, yummy! I ordered the Chicken Viennese and was pleased with my meal. It came with a choice of two sides and I went with a delicious sweet potato casserole and my favorite thing of the night: POTATO PANCAKES. I prefer sour cream, but you can also get applesauce. Yum yum yum get lots of potato pancakes! The chicken was delicious and was served over spaetzel, which was just ok. I've had the kase spaetzel there before which is served in a cheese sauce and much better than the regular. There was a variety of entrees ordered from sausage platters to wiener schnitzel and everyone seemed pleased with their meals. You get a lot for your money and I'll never turn down a chance to eat potato pancakes!
5	Why do I give this place 5 stars? Finally authentic German food! The service was quite stellar as well, and it's old school charm is certainly a plus. But I can promise you you won't be disappointed with the authenticity of home cooked style German cuisine. I'm from Los Angeles and we have nothing this good there.
3	Very good old school German American food (nothing innovative here). Was here on a Saturday night and the placed was packed. Really loved the cheddar cheese stuffed deep fried pretzels and the potato pancakes.
4	This place is great for brunch on Sunday! The service is great and the food is delicious. I always leave stuffed and happy.
4	I ordered the Roast Pork loin with Apple raisin dressing, sauerkraut, and German potatoes. Oh yeah... Right Choice! Took a little longer than usual as there was a Large Party of 16 that ordered Just prior to us. Happy to say the waitress took Great care of us, plenty of rolls, drink refills, etc. as we waited. Apple Strudel for the Final Act. So Good, I forgot to take a picture. lol
5	Usually I pick a single item meal, usually one of the schnitzel meals.  Recently went with a sampler platter.  Really good way to get several different tastes.  Always look forward for a meal here.
4	I really like this place. It has a neat atmosphere where the entrance has a nice bar and then there are a few other rooms that have the feeling of a living room or dining room. I really enjoy their brunches, but their pretzels are amazing. The one thing I don't like, which is a bit disappointing, is their potato pancakes. They are a little lumpy and not quite fried enough. With that said, it is definitely worth the visit.
4	Why you should trust my review: I am German. I've been to Germany. I LOVE German food. And German beer. The bar is awesome. Wish we had more time just to chill and drink. But our waitress was awesome, attentive and knowledgeable! Order a REAL beer. Something on tap from Germany. (If not, I'll give you dirty looks from behind my coffee cup.)What you should order: The Sampler Platter. Pick three amazing entrees, two awesome sides. Brilliant for $16.95... best deal on the menu. And if they have a meatball appetizer you want this. You do. So which entrees:  - Schnitzel. Whichever one you're drooling over. Personally Jager Schnitzel is always best because God blessed the world when he made mushrooms, and man praised God by making mushroom sauce. - Leberkase. Wow. This was fantastic. It's like a cross between liverwurst (but NOT made with liver) and a meatloaf. Fantastisch. - Weisswurst. It was good. I've had better and yes I know its a German faux pas to have weisswurst at any other time of day than a midmorning snack... however. it was still yummy and I happily moaned with each bite i consumed with mustard.So which sides:  - Spaetzle! Buttery goodness. Never had it or heard of it? Think little dumplings. In butter. Es ist wunderbar. - Sauerkraut... they make theirs with sausage. what?! Ja... mmmmm. - Potato Pancakes. You order these with applesauce. you hear me? applesauce.What to avoid... that's pretty harsh but they lost a star for a reason: - German Potato Salad was too sweet and soupy. My great grandma's recipe puts this to shame. - IF you don't like mustard (weirdo) the Sauerbraten has a mustard sauce. I like it, but others don't. You've been warned.We walked here from the ballpark... took about 15 minutes. Worth the walk both ways and they treated us well despite me wearing a Cardinals shirt in a foreign land.Danke!
5	Tremendous selection of German dishes.  All the sausages come from a particular manufacturer in Wisconsin that uses 100 year old methods of making them (according to the menu).  I don't know if that's a good thing or not, but they taste terrific.  The options for sides are as plentiful as the moan dishes and the hot bacon potato salad was awesome.  Definitely recommend giving this a try.
5	Max's is great. It feels like your German grandmothers house and the service matches this feeling. The food is authentic and inexpensive. If you are not too familiar with German food, just ask and the waitress will walk you though the favorites.I love the sausages and the stuffed pretzels are amazing, but the Apple Fritter is the greatest thing ever.
4	I have been coming to Max Allegheny Tavern since I was still in my mother's womb.  But seriously.  This place has been an institution for my family, and I really love it here.  I feel like this is some of the only German food in Pittsburgh, and I think it represents fairly well.  My thoughts:Brunch Buffet- I love the Sunday brunch buffet more than life.  Omelette station, German and American breakfast and lunch foods, and lots and lots of beautiful, delicious, and decadent desserts.  It's heaven on Earth.  There is usually a decent selection of meats, and the potato pancakes are almost always featured.  They've changed it a bit over the years, but I still love this buffet.Appetizers- My family loves the soft pretzels.  They are so yummy and buttery, but a bit heavy if you are going to eat your entire meal.  So make sure to share.Meals-  I, personally, have never had a bad meal here.  The sauasages of all varieties have been great.  The weinerschnitzel also great.  Sandwiches all good as well.  I also don't get too crazy and order anything complicated, though.Sides-  I love love love their sides.  I could live on the spaetzle and potato pancakes.  Don't pass the sides up!Dessert:  Also love their desserts.  There is a chocolate chocolate cake that they heat up with homemade whipped cream that is TO DIE FOR.  Not so shockingly, the apple strudel is wonderful as well.Besides the food, the servers are always very friendly and efficient.  There is also ample street parking, which is really nice.  Definitley check this place out if you have not yet.
4	Probably the best German restaurant in Pittsburgh.There's nothing I like better than meat, it ties grains for the best food group in the pyramid (I reject the plate). We got the sausage platter, Bavarian stuffed pretzel, and the Max's sampler platter. I'm still drooling over their stuffed pretzels.  I think what won me over as the basket full of bread. Not only was there a surplus of meat but also bread?? Free? Indescribable happiness.
4	Overall great German food!  I love the liver and onions above all else.  The kase spatzle is delicious, and you can't eat at Max's without an order of soft pretzels!  !
2	This used to be the best German food in town. I have seen a gradual decline in the food over the past several years. The gravies have changed and the Max's Goulash (one of my favorite dishes) has a different sauce (strangely dessert sweet) and change in the protein. The sides are still great, but the food used to be so much better.
2	Max's was good, but I've had better.The restaurant is located in a tired part of town. It isn't in a bad area, but I'm not sure how I would feel eating there after dark. When you walk in you walk through the tavern portion of the restaurant, which is dark and gloomy. We were escorted to the rear of the tavern, which is covered in B&W pictures from the 40's, which gives it a old world tired feeling.The menu choices were standard faire for a true german restaurant. I had Max's Goulash, which said it came with spaetzle, but it is piled in the bottom of the bowl and not on the side, which was okay. The goulash was too vinegary for my tastes, but it was okay.My wife's Jaeger Schnitzel was good, but I've had better at Das Wald Cafe (http://www.yelp.com/biz/das-waldcafe-newport-news).
4	Old Pittsburgh at its finest.  This place isn't trying to be anything other than what it is  - an excellent old school German restaurant.  The drawback with this restaurant is how crowded and loud it can be during the busy time.  It's much nicer when it's not so busy.  Otherwise, the beer, food and service can't be beat!
3	Visited Max's last Friday night with friends who'd come in from out of town. As another reviewer described, the whole experience was 'tired'. Service was very good, however. I was hoping for a more colorful, fresh decor, but everything looks aged and washed out. I just got a very 'blah' vibe as we walked back to our table, and it really had a bad impact on my appetite and perception. I had the Wurst Sampler Platter and it was okay. The potato pancakes were dull...I don't think there was any salt in them. The cheese-stuffed pretzels were very good!The following day was the 2nd annual Deutschtown Music Festival. The neighborhood is working toward revitalization, and I hope local businesses like Max's will step up their game. I believe the investment will be worth it.
5	Man, I just love this place.  Pennsylvanian German for sure. Some peeps don't know the Difference. If you want real Pennsylvanian German food, then this is your place. This is the kind of food that my grandmother cooked up in Erie, and my uncle sells at the butcher shop in Girard.  Go in the off hours; cause the bar is packed at lunch and late. Also go ahead and put a coin in the machine! You'll see. It pisses the bar crowd off temporarily but so worth it!
5	I have eaten at Max's Allegeny Tavern multiple times.  The food and service is allways great.  it is a North Side must.
5	My first real German food experience and I can't wait to go back. Everything was delicious. I had the Max's Sausage Platter. Loved it all. Left nothing in my plate. I was with a big group of people and no one took a doggie bag home. Big menu. The restaurant has this small down home feel to it. The bar is really pretty. Great place.
4	Best German food in the Burgh.  Hands down.  In the heart of Deutschtown, Pittsburgh's historically German/Austrian enclave, this is real German cuisine- heavy, delicious and traditional.The schnitzels are amazing, and the brats are pretty good.  Max's is far and away better than the breweries or chain theme restaurants.  The place is quiet , to be sure.  If you're looking for dancers in lederhosen and want to sing drinking songs, go elsewhere.  This place is all about the food.  And it is worth a trip.
5	Great food.  Good beer choices.  Good service. What else is there?  As good as it gets
4	This place is awesome.  Authentic, home-made German food that is extra delicious.  Really neat place too!  Potato Pancakes are delicious.  Can't wait to go back.  I would take out of town people here instead of Church Brew any day.
4	Our first stop in Pittsburgh, what a great start! Had a couple of yuenglings, a warm, salty yummy soft pretzel and a big ole plate of German goodness in da tummy!The Peasant Platter had knock wurst, weisswurst and a pork chop on top of heap of sauerkraut...with potato pancakes, spaetzel and a basket of baked breads!  So.much.food.  And oh soooo good!The bar is cool, staff is really nice and I believe they offer their patrons a free ride to and from on game days!
5	Best German food I've ever had. Hubby and I stopped here thinking we'd just have a few beers and grab a bite to eat, but we were surprised to say the least. Everything is made in house, which is enough to win me over. We started with the sausage and cheese plate, paired with the bread basket. Homemade honey mustard, gouda, Swiss, and the best kielbasa we've ever had the pleasure to bite into. Just as we're polishing off our plate and rubbing our full stomachs, our entrees came. The schnitzel was to die for, as was the rabbit, both smothered in homemade mushroom gravy. The sauerkraut was a perfect combination of savory and acidic. The potato pancakes topped with homemade applesauce and some sour cream were just... Wow. I would definitely recommend getting the beer sampler, awesome deal and a great way to try all of their German beers without going overboard. We'll be back, for sure.
2	I cannot believe Max's is going from 5 stars to 2 stars for me.You have to understand, I love this place.  Over the years we have had so many family dinners here including my sisters rehearsal dinner, that it's almost become like eating at a relatives house.But now that relative has gone senile and needs to go to a nursing home, and they can't cook anymore.For the past two years, every time we come here we say, "This just isn't as good as I remember."  For starters, the food is always served cold.  Don't believe me?  I hope you enjoy tepid knackwurst and cold mashed potatoes.BTW, to whoever makes their mashed potatoes, you have to boil the potatoes before you mash them.  Yesterday they were undercooked, gritty, and gross.In fact, all of the food is becoming gross.  My friend got the roasted beef and what came out looked like a cold cut covered with a congealed beef gravy that had bits of carrots in it.  wtf was that????I'm done.  This place has gone down hill.  You need a new chef, immediately.  Max's is a North Side institution but there are so many new, better restaurants opening up that they really need to up their game.PS--thanks for the nausea and hurling about 6 hours after dinner.
5	This place is fantastic! I happened to stumble upon it one night with some friends and what a wonderful place. The food is awesome! We ordered a bunch of appetizers. They were huge portions and super tasty. I have been back several times since then and have not been disappointed yet.  My favorite thing was probably the pretzels! (Mega YUM!)
5	This is my favorite place to go when I'm in the steel city.  The atmosphere is awesome and the staff is very friendly.  The beer sampler and Ruben is a solid choice but they also have a wide range of other options including hasenfefer and Wiener schnitzel.
5	Great food, great beer, ALWAYS great service. This is my girlfriend's and I's favorite bar on the North Side. Consistently good and has a very cozy atmosphere. Get the stuffed pretzels!
5	Always great German and regular food. Much better than Hofbrau Haus. This is more authentic. They also have regular fare for those who don't enjoy German food. Other than Teutonia Mannerchor, this is the most authentic German you will find in Western Pa. Cool beer selection and a great Sunday brunch. During Steeler home games they offer a free shuttle to the stadium when you eat here first.
5	I love this place.  The atmosphere, the bartenders, the waitresses and most of all the food. The potato pancakes are delicious as are all their soups. I think there is something for everyone here. Their desserts are all delicious. We eat here before most concert or sporting event.
3	The old arcade game was excellent and only a few quarters to play.Drinks nice enough .Bartenders were really nice. NIce enough place.
5	authentic german cuisine. Love the schnitzels and the red cabbage
