2	The parking lot of this place scares me. Would not walk around here alone at night for a minute.
3	It has been a couple years, but I stayed here one night because it was inexpensive and on the strip. And really, what are you going to use a hotel for other than a bed and a shower in Vegas? It's not great, it's not horrible, it's just what you expect.
4	Motel 6 on Tropicana Avenue is good value. Got to give them 4 stars for clean rooms, good prices, and locationThe rooms are better than decent and it's close enough to the strip.  Nearby restaurants.  I've read some of the other reviews about the scary parking lot   -- if you sleep with your night light on, you'll be safe from the big bad monsters.
1	ok i agree w/ sean g. here...friendly people at the front desk. Anyway...lets get 2 da real deal...Motel 6 rooms! i mean...they look clean..but...the shower is something else...i think they have never heard of bleach n ajax to clean the shower's floors! those showers are something else...i had to put towels on the floor so i could take a shower because it was disgusting taking a shower w/ a "brown" floor! that is the only way that u will be able to tak a shower...not only that...the shower was the perfect size for a little kid...i mean i am not fat but i barely fit in the shower...there is not even space for the soap! the carpet is dirty so u might want to wear sandals when walking...! or u will have black feet! ahhaha good luck n dont go out late 2 da parking lot.
1	To be honest, I never stayed at this motel 6.  I did, however, drive into the parking lot.  After driving into the parking lot I realized this particular motel 6 was nothing more than a brothel.  Upon coming to this realization I promptly drove around the back, out the other side, and onto the street.  I didn't need to check into this place to know I would have had a bad experience here.
1	How to write the most scathing review of my brief Yelping history ... maybe I'll make a list of infractions. Let me preface this review with the fact that while I'm not a snob, I do like to stay in nice hotels. I stayed here because I was meeting friends who have a dog. This is the only inexpensive hotel near the Strip that allows doggies. So, onto the list, written in chronological and summarized order:1. i reserved a room online, opting for a "newly renovated" room for $10 extra2. i arrived at the hotel. While pulling in I nearly ran over a hypodermic syringe and nearly smashed into an ugly hooker (i hate hookers, so that woulda been ok, but my car woulda had another dent)3. "reception" checked me into a crappy, not newly-renovated room in the "West Wing" approximately 1/2 mile from the lobby4. the next morning i complained about paying extra for a shitty room (it was far shittier than my friends' room with the dog - and they paid like 1/2 what we paid!)5. the lame people at reception dug for excuses, saying i made a "clicking" mistake when booking, and saying they didn't show me as having made a reservation anyway. Maybe I clicked the wrong Motel 6? 6. they tried to charge me $6 to use their lobby internet to show them my reservation receipt7. i refused to pay them, and i started getting angry. I kept my cool, though I had accumulated about 3 hours of sleep. The sweet, unaffiliated concierge dude let me use his laptop to print off my receipt for free8. Motel 6 reimbursed me $10 but refused to apologize, offer me a comped room, or anything beyond that9. they decide to turn the water off in my friends' room right before check-out10. they try to charge them extra for checking out 1 minute late (they were toweling conditioner out of their hair)11. score? Las Vegas Crappy Hotel: 1; Angela O and her greasy-haired friends: 0. Just wait until I write Corporate a letter. It will be far, far more scathing and eloquent than this brief delineation. Just please trust me, and stay away from this hotel if you possibly have a choice. This is just the beginning of my list. I really could go on to rattle off about 20 infractions. But the biggest thing was, the people at reception didn't give a shit. At all. About our needs, wants, equity. Hospitality is not what this place is about; they barely left the light on for us.
2	so we ended up staying here cuz the person whos name the room was under at mgm grand was a no show/no call. not the worst thing to ever happen but definitely not something i ever expected. rooms were like $60 a night and damn they were small. alot of cops/security around too... not sure if thats a good thing or not. we werent in our rooms hardly at all so it wasnt that big of a deal. It was what it was.
1	Didn't Care for it!
1	Normally I don't bag on Motel 6 cause it's an inexpensive place and they don't try to be more than that... but this place is an armpit.For years I heard people say "Why get an expensive room in Vegas you're never in it"  FINALLY, I have an answer to that statement... "Because the 4 hours a night I am in my room, I really need to be able to sleep!" Holy crap, that didn't happen.-1 Star for feeling like I was about to get mugged in the parking lot by 12 people starring at my laptop case.-1 Star for walls SO THIN when the people in the other rooms watch tv so do I and when the use water it sounds like Niagra Falls in my room.-1 Star for having to listen to drunks in the parking lot all night shouting "Hey everybody wake the fuck up it's VEGAS BABY!!!"-1 Star for being so close to the airport the room shook when jets roared overhead.-1 Star for the area being "seedy"... oh yeah, it's Vegas pfft.When I booked online I coulda got a room at Bally's for $5 more per night. OMFG what the hell was I thinking!!!
2	pretty crappy room, but for 60 bucks with 2 beds what can you expect. location is nice though walking distance to the strip. at least the room was clean. only planned on catching z's here so i cant say im disappointed
1	I was unable to get a room at the big hotels for New Years Eve.  This dump had the nerve to charge almost $200.00 a night for a crapy, dirty room.  I spent as little time as possible in the room.  YUCK!
3	Clean, A/C, free coffee, and across the street from the Mandalay bay.  You have rooms available?  I'll take it!That's what happens when you wait till the last minute!!  I have to say though, I was a bit surprised.  From the reviews I expected a lot less.  THe place is clean and neat, and you can get parking right in front of your room, no problem!
5	You get what you pay for.  Keeping that in mind, the Motel 6 exceeded all of our expectations.  We stayed there when driving cross country with our pets (which negated us staying in a nicer hotel).  We were there for a few nights and it was quiet, walking distance to the strip (or just walk next door and use the taxi line at Hooters Casino).  The room was your average Motel 6 room, nothing fancy, but nothing terrible.  We requested that no maids entered our room so that our cats could roam free while we were off gambling and having fun without worry of them running off while the room was serviced.  Loved my stay, however, I wouldn't go there again unless I had pets with me, the lure of the strip is too much for me!
4	I'm only giving this motel a 4 star instead of 5 because I can't imagine giving any motel 5 stars.I have stayed at this motel 4 times now. I stay at this motel because it is close to my favorite mega resort corner, but without the price tag of those mega resorts. From this motel I can easily access the Tropicana or Excalibur for some $5 black jack. Hooters next door has $3 black jack but I really don't like the Hooters Casino & Hotel (see other review). I can also go to NYNY to get some Big Apple style eats. On top of all that, the nightclubs LAX and Studio 54 are within walking distance. Although, lately I've been finding myself at the new club in Hard Rock at least one night each stay.The Lobby:Is always surprisingly active and lively. Often times motel lobbies are dingy and quiet with the only sign of life being the person behind the counter - and even that can be a stretch. This motel is much different. There are usually 2-3 helpful staff members behind the counter, 1 attendant at the "tourism" desk and several guests in the lounge area using the internet. Check-in is always quick and easy. I always buy my internet at check-in. The best Wi-Fi deal in Vegas (only $3/24 hour period)The Rooms:There are essentially two options at this motel. The upgraded rooms and the standard/classic rooms. The upgraded rooms are actually very nice. You can start to forget you are in a cheap motel while watching your flat screen TV and walking on your faux wood floor. The bathrooms are very spacious with walk-in showers and clean tiling. The biggest downside to the upgraded rooms is the fact that they took space away from the bedroom portion to make room for the larger bathrooms. The beds are much closer together than I would have liked. If you are traveling alone or with one other person, this isn't much of an issue. I was in the room with three other people so it got a little cramped and was pretty disgusting by the time we left because we just didn't have enough space to put everything and keep it organized. There are no dressers if that is something you look for.The standard/classic rooms are what one would normally expect from a motel. Old, patterned comforters, dark carpeting, cramped bathrooms and outdated televisions. The beds are slightly more comfortable than the beds in the upgraded rooms (different style all together) and there is a lot more space  in the bedroom area to spread out your stuff. Another advantage to the standard rooms is that you can ask for a room in the quieter building toward the back of the property. If you want space and a quieter atmosphere, I would suggest getting the standard room and requesting such. All of the upgraded rooms are in the building closest to the lobby.Dining:You can have food delivered to the motel easily, but why bother when there is a great 24/7 bakery/diner right next door called CoCo's. CoCo's is a chain restaurant but still maintains a diner feel and there are rarely any problems with food. In a 3 day period I typically go to CoCo's for brunch, a late dinner and a late night "make me sober" meal.Plus, if you want you can walk a few minutes more and go to Hooter's or any of the other mega resorts on the corner.There is also a convenience store adjacent to the lobby where you can grab quick snacks and drinks.Pool: I have no idea what the pool is like at this hotel. I never have the urge to use it. I tend to go over to Hooter's, Tropicana or Excalibur to use their pools. Tropicana is always open to the public (although you need to provide your own towel since they will demand a room number if you try to use theirs), Hooter's is open to the public, Excalibur is technically closed to the public (but everyone can easily get a towel before entering the pool area) but they only have a security guard glancing at room keys at peak entry hours. Plus, I'm pretty sure you could flash your grocery store savings card and it would work.I would suggest Excalibur for the most open air lounging space and I especially love the adults only pool area of Excalibur.Cleanliness:The rooms, lobby, bathrooms and parking lot have always been clean. I definitely leave the room much worse than I find it. This motel is definitely my go-to budget room in Vegas.
4	I really thought that this Motel 6 was great, honestly, for a Motel it was really awesome. My boyfriend and I checked in on a weekday and we got one of the rennovated rooms, and it was really nice, it had a flat screen, a nice full size bed, a table and a couple chairs, and a nice bathroom, all very modern looking. It is just off the Strip at the beginning of the Strip, right by the Tropicana and everything is very close. The staff was nice and very helpful, and although we had checked out the next day, they let us leave the car in the parking lot as we took a stroll around Las Vegas. The rooms were clean and organized and for the money that was paid, it was such an awesome room and motel to stay in, especially if you don't want to go bankrupt in Vegas.
3	I've stayed in many Motel 6 locations and found this one to be just fine. The thing about this chain is you always know what to expect.  You get the same room, same clean towels, two beds, tv.  Nobody expects it to be post -it's the Motel 6 not the Bellagio - but that being said the rooms are always clean, tidy, and I feel safe at their locations.  This one was no different.  Others have mentioned the clean, spacious lobby, friendly desk staff, and quick check-in process, so I'll just second that I experienced the same thing.  I just stayed in a regular room but they do have upgraded rooms available with wooden floors, more space, and flat screes, which is not anything I've seen before in a Motel 6. Good stay overall.
5	Good prices and clean rooms. Easy access to the strip. Can't ask for more. I would recommend this place to my family and friends. I stayed there on 1/1/11 and it only cost me $67. That's cheap compared to other places that charge way more on new years on the strip!
3	I thought this Motel 6 would be seedy. But it was great! Great location we didnt drive anywhere. Right next to the MGM grand and NYNY. The room was very modern and clean. The new renovated rooms are cool but small Only draw back...the pillows are 2 inches thick.
1	I would have stayed somewhere nicer, but with 2 dogs, one being large, my options were limited.  I had good experiences with Motel 6 in the past, but not at this one.  The staff was rude of check-in, never offered the wi-fi, so I had to go back out to the office after we had settled in for the evening.  We got one of the "newly remodeled" rooms, which was already falling apart.  The parking lot/area outside the room was dark.  The room was filthy.  The floors were dirty, the cabinets where the towels were stuffed were dirty, the crappy laminate was peeling off the side of the nightstand tables.  The final straw was the GIANT roach upside down on the floor in the morning.  I mentioned this to the girl when I checked out and she was like "oh, yuck.".  Didn't seem surprised at all.
3	I hate Vegas, but went for obligatory reasons. Found this Motel 6 for walking distance to the event on the strip and it can't be beat for $50/night. Make sure you select the NEWLY RE-DESIGNED ROOMS! Love the simple, modern design and it was clean. Although, on night two the bathroom smelled like someone just got a perm in a salon. Weird! Maybe it was the cleaning chemicals they used.- The AC works and we put on full blast - the circulating air sounds drowned out the sounds of the EDC ravers down the hall. - Comfy bed and pillows, tiny nook area great for laptop use. - Internet wasn't free, but 2.99 is cheap, but the connection was slow- No shampoo/conditioner! - No blow dryer in the room - but with the Vegas dry heat, I dried my short hair in 5 minutes just standing outside. - No coffee maker in the room, but free coffee in the morning at the convenience store on site.
5	Can't believe I am about to review a Motel 6 but I think this one deserved a good review!  My friends and I got into Vegas at 1am on one of the busiest Vegas weeks of the year.  We stopped into a couple hotels and it seemed everything was sold out!!  Tuesday night sold out? Crazy!  So we ventured our way a street down and laid eyes on a Motel 6.  uh oh.  Motel 6 usually has a stigma attached to it and from the outside this was no different.  It we were approached by some left-over Ladies of the Night or mugged and beaten we would have totally expected it...but that wasn't the case at all.  The rooms were so clean!  Yes, surprisingly clean and perfect.  The a/c was freezing cold and amazing and everything great from check-in to check-out.  So for $35 a night and a 5 minute walk to the strip...this place is just right.
5	I booked with them online this past weekend since i did not want stay at a casino hotel so when i checked in they had a full staff- not just one person. I stayed in the newly remodeled room and the room was cleaned and they did housekeeping daily. They also had a convenience store that had everything in it. Plus its near the airport. I'd stay here again, motel six at this location is the best one I've ever stayed at.
4	Feel like I'm in an IKEA catalog!
1	My ice chest was stolen from my room which had a coffee commuter cup, three cans of soda, milk, and spoon.  The Front Desk Staff was no help. "Frank" The weekend Manager in Charge  and The Security Officer were the only ones that were helpful.  There has been no follow up from the Motel 6 Staff at 195 East Tropicana Avenue, Las Vegas. I was staying there from September 08, 2011 Through September 10, 2011.
5	THAT'S RIGHT. I stayed at a Motel 6 in VEGAS. What..AM I NOT BOUGIE ENOUGH FOR YOU?!I don't know what the hell people are complaining about here. I mean HELLO it's a Motel 6. Maybe if there were roaches, pimps, and children running rampant throughout then fine. But really now, Motel 6 has everything anyone can want, and at an AMAZING rate of $30 something a night. Pssh..that's like a green poker chip at the casinos.The checklist they fulfilled:-clean. I mean the rooms are SPOTLESS with a hospital aesthetic. And for any class hotel, that's all I really ask for.-close to the strip. Motel 6 is located behind Hooters and diagonally across from MGM, so about a 4 minute walk to Las Vegas Blvd.-there's a pool. The pool's clean, and never packed. How many times can you say that when staying at a big name casino? Also, gf here is not always well kept- you get close enough you can see my half shaven legs, so it's nice being at a pool that doesn't have a ridiculous club scene. Just let it all hang out. -housekeeping will stop by every day and give you the option to have your room cleaned, or if not, will at least provide extra towels and toilet paper. They're not the friendliest bunch but efficient at least.-they allow dogs. My gf had to stay at a hotel that allows for pets and Motel 6 is the only one close to the strip that does. I'm pretty sure they'll take just about any kind, because she had 2 large german shepherds and they were LOUD.-it's safe. Now, there's no checkpoint that guests have to go through to get to their room but security patrols the grounds. I never felt in danger going out by myself. We DID see a pimp ONCE but don't worry. He was friendly.Things that could've been better:-the rooms are TINY. As in our room was about 10' by 12' not including the bathroom. We stayed in one of the newly renovated rooms right by the pool so I'm not sure if all the rooms are the same size. The bathrooms don't have tubs, only a standing shower.-The doors are thin and rooms are close together, so be prepared to talk to your neighbors at least once. The most noise I heard was early in the morning when people are walking by the room. Not too bad.Make sure to get one of the renovated rooms; they're newer and closer to the strip. Wi-fi is $5 a day, there's a small convenience store for things like water, Coco's Bakery is next door, parking is free, discounted weekly rates, cab to the airport about $15. C'mon..you can't get that good n cheap so close to the strip..without an STD I mean.
1	After America's Best Value Inn gave our room away ( 1 star that place) we ran to motel 6 to grab a room. there was one room left with two beds and we got it, but the problem was that our wallets were in the car except the person who was under 21. We stood in line and everything and by the time one of us who are over 21 grabbed our wallets, they gave the room away. It wasn't quite fair because all four receptionist heard that we were going to grab it, but gave it away. Called bad timing huh? I don't like the respect and care they have for customers. two worst places put right next to each other. i call it a garbage dump.
1	It was a terrible experience. Things about my experience that I see in the reviews below:- THIS MOTEL HAS SERIOUS CRIMINAL POPULATION- THIS MOTEL WAKES YOU UP ON THE MORNING OF YOUR CHECKOUT STARTING AT VERY EARLY HOURS, MULTIPLE TIMESThey kept sending the security up to my room to throw me out - right after i checked in (they assigned me to someone else's room) and then also when i was trying to check out )... it came to my attention that a serious criminal element has infested this hotel and so they are nervous that anyone could be involved. Perhaps some kind of drug ring or something? Although I'm not really sure but it was the strangest experience I've ever had a budget motel. Also, their wireless was broken. I will say that when the security came to my door on the final morning, they laughed when they saw me, saying that i did not look as dangerous as the front desk had described (WTF?). I was there for a wedding and I am a professional person, traveling alone. I was told that had i been spotted before hand, i would have been advised not to check in because its so dangerous there. Thank god the security was so nice, he even carried my bag to my car and admitted that they are not motel 6 employees. I cant imagine what would happen if you got a nut for a security guard who went psycho on you... seems like you'd have no recourse. This motel is not good location for families, middle aged couples or women traveling alone. I would also like to say that i was well aware of the redesign and had stayed here prior, which is why i booked a room here. the place has changed and people should take this seriously.
3	Most expensive Motel 6 ever, but significantly cheaper than any other hotel on the strip.  Located just behind the MGM Grand, so within walking distance to the strip. The room we had was "upgraded" which meant it was designed to look like a set from Star Trek.  Crazy orange wall, "modern" rounded furniture, space pod shower.  Flat screen tv not showing hd cable.  Good enough to sleep in after a night of partying.  Air conditioning works great!  Out of extra pillows at 1am. Request yours early.
1	It's pretty shitty, like the worst place ive ever stayed, I think I need a shot
5	Across from MGM, upgraded rooms with LCD TVs that has outlets for your dvd, xbox, ps3, even has available hdmi and vga hookups at no xtra charge...Vegas on a dime!!
4	Stayed here after waiting entirely too long to book my hotel for my sister's wedding. Her hotel had sold out. Clearly, I still had to go and needed a place close to her hotel.I arrived pretty late. I must admit, I was a little hesitant to get out of the taxi as I didnt like the looks of the people standing out front. I also came during the weekend of the Mayweather/Cotto fight so a semi-rowdy bunch was expected. Anyways, I arrived and still had a room. I thought that was good for a Motel 6. The front desk staff was REALLY nice. I was given a map and the conversation was nice. My room was small but CLEAN, very clean! It was a renovated room. Kinda looked like IKEA but it was cute and smelled like it had just been cleaned. A nice nook to chillax and watch the flat screen tv. Bed and pillows were super comfy. Housekeeping was nice and helpful. The walls are thin so I heard my neighbors a couple times but it wasnt horrible.I'd say its a 5 minute walk to the strip which makes it worth it. I didnt pay more than $80/nite. Unheard of in Vegas, right?!??!
3	I'm not sure if it was because I stayed during EDC weekend or if this place really just is overpriced. w/e.My original check-in time was 3pm but I got in vegas prettyyyy dang early. Like 7 in the morning early. HA. luckly, my room was ready! I was able to check in 8 whole hours before any of my other friends who were staying at fancier places. suckkkas. jk. (:0 + 1 starParking: The lot was always pretty full but I never had any problems finding a spot. meh 0 starsDecor: I had reservations for one of the newly remodeled rooms and I must say I was quite impressed by how everything was put together in the room. + 0.5 starCleanliness: Our room was pretty spot on. Nothing was misplaced or missing, the toilet paper was folded in a little triangle shape, no smudges or marks on the mirrors, and the sheets smelled clean. ( hey, I can be observant! :D ) +1 starService: We didn't have any problems with the housekeeping ladies but I guess some of them were kind of rude to our other friends BOOO! - 1 starThe bad: our air conditioner was working wonders when we first got there.. until it was just making noise instead of cool air. The maintenance guys were running all over the place! (or so it felt). I know for a fact that our AC wasn't the only one that gave out. Their 3? 4? Ice machines gave out for a little while too.. -1 starThe funnny: I knew prior to booking our reservations that I would need to bring my own hair dryer but I completely forgot it as I scrambled to pack last min. We explored our room to find that not only are hairdryers not provided, we also had no safe, no mini fridge, no coffee maker, not even a drawer for our clothes! (they have these cubby things in the RR, hangers, and a stand for your luggage) BUT BUT B-B-b-but! they DO have a BOTTLE opener located at the bottom left hand corner of your sink! hahah + 0.5 star for the bottle opener HAHAHAHahhI guess when you're in Vegas, you gotta have your priorities straight... right? LOL
1	I hear this place has renovated rooms but we stayed in a room in the back that was just a regular old motel six room. Decently priced on expedia for a last minute reservation, however the room was dingy, bed was hard I think that was a working lady outside when I pulled up but hey it's Vegas right. Hard to find a parking spot but pet friendly it was ok I wouldn't do it again
5	Great value! Choose the upgraded rooms
5	Nicest freshest Motel 6 I have ever stayed at. Dog friendly as always. My room was all modern architecture and really cool. Friendly staff and my free coffee in the morning is glorious! Walking distance to the strip!
4	Super close to all the action without paying super high prices. Pet friendly. Modern room with COMFORTABLE beds. Love it. Would stay here again.
4	I liked this M6, it had the new updated rooms, it was centrally located (just a short walk to the strip), and it was tidy.  I really liked the pool, it was clean and refreshing.  I was vaguely concerned with the level of security, seemed like an armed guard on a segway was a little overkill.  On the other hand there were several unsavory's lurking around, so I guess a dude with a 9 is fine.  My co-workers didn't particularly like the place, so that was kind of a drag. But for me it was one of the best M6's I've stayed at.
5	Best Motel 6 I've ever seen! Great room for the price.
4	When first arrived, I thought "ehh" but the ladies at the front desk were extremely friendly, fast and helpful. Once I entered the room, I was very pleased with the newly remodeled rooms. Quality of the room was great for the price we paid! (booked ahead of time online- 4ppl for $77!) 10 minuet walk to the strip, only $5 to take a cab, or you can catch the bus right across the street!
5	For a cheap stay in Vegas, this is a very nice and clean place. Reasonable place. Right off the strip.. I will stay here again
4	We stay in a lot of Motel 6 because we travel with pets. This is the nicest motel 6 room we have ever had.
5	We needed a place to stay between moving out of our old house and moving into our new house.  We have been so happy with this location! So clean, very well kept, great new modern rooms, and the staff is so nice. We found them really helpful, and accommodating! The pool is heated and so nice, and super clean. The onsite mini mart is really nice to have. For us, for 2 adults, 2 kids and several pets, it was $217 total for 3 nights, Sun-Tues, with wifi (only $3 per day!!). SUCH a great deal. Absolutely affordable. We would absolutely stay again, and suggest it to friends.
5	BEST MOTEL IVE EVER STAYED IN !!! I am from Texas and ordinarily I'd never consider a motel over a hotel. But seeing good reviews won me over to try.Customer Service- Great! Quick and easy check-in. Me and my friend paid $40.01 cash for our one night stay. 5 minutes after we settled into our room we received a call from the desk asking if the room was to our liking. I LOVED that. It may be their job to call and ask but it made me feel special and as if they genuinely cared. :)Room- Updated. Stocked. Clean. Modern and nicely decorated. Comfortable bed. Small but spacious. Cosy. Im not a picky bitter person so I loved it!!Bathroom- Spacious and open. Shower was tiny and reminded me of a spaceship built for one (or two ;) I wondered if a person with a large frame would feel insulted.....Lol Even so. You should be watching your BMI. LolCheck out- Is at 11:00 but we kept messing around and didn't leave til 11:30. There was no drama. Just a smilng lady with a clipboard standing outside the door. I recommend this motel for singles, couples, visitors and locals WITH or without pets. Woohoo!!
4	Once again, it is what it is. It's Motel 6, it's not the MGM Grand right across the street. As of today (3/2/14) the room cost spiked...almost double...but it's doing that across the boards on the Strip as the result of conventions coming to town. My total stay here was 9 days. It's a glass half empty, glass half full thing. They provided what I needed. The $2.99 extra per day for WiFi is a little weird, but that's just how they do it. The room was not bad at all. The one thing I haven't seen before is fake wood / bamboo floors instead of carpet. If I were AT the MGM Grand I wouldn't walk around in the room barefoot...I've seen too many of those 20/20 black light "investigative reports." But let's say you spill some water on these wood floors. Clean, clear agua. Wipe it up with a clean paper towel and it will be black. The floor LOOKS clean, but trust me. Wear slippers. Unless you're the kind of person who's not bothered by what I've just written, then go for it. Guests at the Motel range from average everyday folks too escaped inmates but this is the Vegas strip. A group of Manson family members (and I'm just guessing, but they would pass the frat hazing) bought some "refreshments" at the 24 hour liquor store next door and then proceeded to get comfy under a tree with their refreshments and two pit bulls...two BIG pit bulls...that they SOMETIMES kept on their leashes. They weren't Motel guests, they were just Manson Family members (OK, "alleged" Manson Family members) passing through. Was that the Motel's fault? Of course not. But it's the Vegas strip. It's not all Rod Stewart and Elton John "residencies" here...walk around outside after dark (and sometimes during broad daylight) at your own risk. There is a Coco's Bakery & Restaurant next door that was a Godsend (walking distance, great "comfort food" at around ten bucks a meal). Motel staff was CONSISTENTLY helpful. I'm not the most demanding guy in the world and I try to be polite to everyone but they responded promptly and professionally to any request I made...the staff is DEFINITELY a selling point of this specific Motel 6 location. There is a Rebel Gas Station & Convenience Store right across the street, great for drinks and munchies, and a McDonald's inside the MGM Grand, so you can drive to your heart's content or find anything you need within walking distance. The Motel 6 also has a small coin-operated laundry. I really liked this place. I'll be back.
4	I have been staying at this Motel 6 for many years now.  Since being remodeled, this is by far, the BEST deal in Vegas.  It does not have room service or robo bar, or all the fancy lights and decor, but I can park my car right at my front door and carry my ice chest to the room and indulge.  I'm staying 3 nights next week for $119.00!  Right across street from MGM, Hooters next door, New York New York and Excalibur not too far.  I come here for my conventions and catch the monorail at MGM which stops at the convention center.  You can also access most casinos from the tram.  There is a Carrows restaurant right next door for some normal food and prices.  You can easily access east side of town for shopping, restaurants, bars, fuel with off the strip prices.If you are loaded and trying to impress your honey, this probably won't do the job.  But if your on a budget, and get tired of the crowds and craziness, this works very well.
4	I have been staying here for several years now. I often travel to Las Vegas often for conventions and auto racing. This is one of the best deals going in Las Vegas.These are remodeled rooms with hard floors. My bed is a little soft and the shower is awfully small, but that is my only complaint.The airport is next door, the MGM Grand is across the street, Hooters next door, Tropicana, New York New York, and the strip all within walking distance. There is a 24 hour liquor store next door and a mini mart across the street for munchies.There is a monorail at the MGM Grand which goes up the length of the strip and stops right at the convention center. It also makes other stops at many other casinos. This is a lot cheaper than catching a cab to the convention center. There is a Cocos restaurant right next door for some normal food and normal prices. It is easy to access the east part of town for shopping, eating,  and off the strip fuel prices.There is nothing fancy here. Just a clean room bed and a shower.If you are trying to impress a date, this is probably not the place to stay, but if you're on a budget, this is it.
4	My two complaints - the big dead roach on my room floor & the small space in the rooms....other than that, my service was cool.  I was greeted by an old lady named Julia.  She was pleasant and the transaction was swift.  She even recognized I am military and added a discount.  I did think the $2.99 sucked for the wi-fi because almost everyone has it free, but I didn't stay in the room long anyway...after seeing the dead roach, I was a little concerned about the beds so I pulled the sheets back.  The linen appeared clean...I slept comfy...so I'd come again...I also like that they didn't do that credit card thing....I paid cash for my room....It was also a good distance from the strip...not too close, not too far.  There are stores and stuff to eat and grab and go...I would recommend this location to people passing through
3	Very small, but clean room. Everything is updated and nice, but has distinct "feel" of a low-budget motel, that can't be easily camouflaged by the updated decor ;) I paid $98 for a Saturday night, in May. I noticed someone paid $40 for a night a few mths ago (in another review) -- if I paid that low price, I would be much more excited about the place also - it's all relative (to what YOU pay ;)Sketchy people all over, but no issues during our one night stay.Pool closed at 9:30 pm. Mr. Security was there by 9:35 pm, to make sure we KNEW it... That was a bit annoying, since we just endured a long drive with the kids from California, and they wanted a quick swim before bed. Coco's Bakery is next door and has fabulous reviews for good, low priced good -- yeah! That's where we head next. Stay tuned... ;)
1	Worst place ever. Our key was deactivated key and told me I could not get in since I was not the primary contact. I had to wait for my husband to get off of work and they made him pay an extra fee to add me onto the account. Horrible customer service. Horrible experience. I guess you get what you pay for.
5	This Motel 6 (on Tropicana Blvd) Is AMAZING!! I was turned onto this little hidden gem about 8 years ago by a friend and have been hooked every since!! This is always my Go to Hotel if I'm making  Last minute vegas plans or I'm just going for a convention or concert or something.. First (AND PROBABLY THE REASON MOST COME HERE) was the Price!! It is very very low across the board even for the holiday weekend. I had the room for 4 days  and I paid like around 28 for all 4 days. Thats less for my whole stay than my friends paid for one night at the excalibur!! (YES THE EXCALIBUR) welcome to vegas Holiday Weekend!! the Price has always been amazing for this hotel!!2nd, was the cleanliness of the room!! I don't even sweat it anymore, Because I know my room will be clean!! and they have within the last year or 2 just renovated all the rooms, so they are all new and clean which is awesome!!  I've never had a cleaning issue ever with this hotel!! they have always been  very nice!!3rd and more, was  the Niceness and Helpfulness of the staff!! They rush extra pillows over, they bring an Iron and Ironing board to the room, The house keeping staff  even went and retrieved more hangers for me to hang my clothes up with because I had alot more clothes than I should have brought for the weekend.HONORABLE MENTIONSThe location is 1 bock off the strip right across the street  from MGM, so its close to everything, I mean It's a great location,  They have a  clean larger than normal motel 6 pool "It is vegas".. You can park right in front of your door. They work with a  couple local eateries and offer room service "although not Motel 6's room service" but it's nice they thought about that and gave us options.  Right next to the airport, i could go on and on and on!!  This place is a WIN WIN!!  (And for vegas, that might be the only win you get!!)  lol..I was working on almost 48 hours of no sleep when I arrived at this hotel!!  My flight arrived at 7am, and since the hotel is right next to the airport I was at the hotel by about 7:15am. I mean housekeeping hasn't even started working yet!! I already wrote any chance of getting a early checkin off because it was friday of the holiday weekend. and I knew they were sold out..  At 7:15am I Was  exhausted when i walked through the doors and was immediately was greeted by the Biggest most pleasant smile  in the world. She said "they aren't always able to do early checkins especially on busy holiday weekends, but she'll see what she can do!! She Checked me in at 7:15am and said and I quote " now you go get yourself some rest, your gonna need it later today , IT's Vegas!!"!!  I was so delighted that I was going to be able to check in instead of leave my bags and walk up and down the strip until my room was clean, I was besides myself.   I appreciate a welcoming smile and a pleasant demeanor at 7:15am..  Very impressed with this employee and I've dealt with her many times in the past and all of the times were great!! Please give her a RAISE Tom Bodet!!
3	Room is clean. Sheets look clean. Not far from Las Vegas Blvd. My biggest complaint is the air conditioning.... Everything on max yet not really cool. the air is not cold.
4	Small yet very clean room that had updated decor with cable tv, free wifi and ac. The room allowed for pets so that was awesome,  I was moving across country and had my dog with me. The price was amazing. I paid $39 for the night! I locked myself out of my room not once but twice and the front desk staff were very polite and helpful both times.  There is a little diner next door as well as a 24 hour liquor store...probably why I locked myself out of the hotel twice. I didn't indulge in the pool, but it at least looked clean from what I saw. This is by no means a luxury hotel but if you are looking for a nice, clean spot in vegas it's great!
4	Pet friendly rooms and really close to the strip, we couldn't have asked for more. The pool was really nice and relaxing when we weren't walking the strip and convenient store next door to grab some booze.
1	the worst service in the world they canceled my room after I spoke to various employee like Barbara and a guy in the night shit, I let them know I would arrive late and pay in cash they still CANCELED MY ROOM!! and the guy was not trying to even help after he was like oh well here is corporate so you know what I will call corporate, yelp, expedia I will make sure they get worst reviews than what they already have. I went to the Excalibur SAME PRICE, wonderful staff, BEAUTIFUL SCENERY never will I make the same mistake twice.
1	I've stayed at this particular motel 6 three times. The first two times were not noteworthy, not bad, not good just meh. The third time was just a complete nightmare. The day for me started out at 8:35 when room service came into my room unannounced with out any reason as I had a DND on my door. I was dead asleep an awoke to a dark figure yelling at my dog. I force them out of the room and ofcourse they don't speak English. The front office calls and the manager is yelling at me and telling me I have 5 minutes to pay or get off the property. Pay? Did I forget to mention my girl friend paid for a weeks in advanced and that this was the third day we were here, I did. My girl friend is MIA and I was expecting here to be there with me when I woke up so I was extremely confused, honestly scared and on top of that I have PTSD.So back to the manager yelling at me on the phone telling me to leave the property the whole time I'm trying to figure out what I've done wrong and to be treated like this so I go down to the front office to speak with the manager and she tells me that I haven't paid for the room. I explain to here we paid for the week long package and that she must be making a mistake, well all be damned how could I accuse such an articulate and well groomed manager who is so obviously on top of her game to know every thing there is about that hotel off the top of her memory of not knowing what she's talking about.I tell her if she has a problem she can call my girl friend and that I am not going any where. Security is it at my door when my girl friend calls the room, after I tell her to call the office security leaves and that the end of it. No apology for any thing.Room service will enter your room when you are not there when you are there I obviously had nothing stolen here but that's probably because I wouldn't let them service my room with out watching. Don't stay here.What worked:wifi was okayPool is big.If you need drugs you don't have to go far.If you need prostitutes you don't have to go far.What didn't work:Hotel keys (replaced about 1 a day)Ice machines
1	I live in vegas and a local and I come here alot. I always come around 2pm amd get a room and they check me out the next day well today I came in and they do that and they coudent for some reason. They told me that I have to wait till 6am in the morning. To order to check in im really upset. I usually get a room here around 2am. Or 3am and they always check me 0ut the next day. I really upset for the guy to do this to me. And for being a local or regular I do like the fromt desk to treate like this. Other times I came here it wasent a problem now it is?
1	Terrible service. Reserved a non smoking room and was given this disgusting smoke room which suffocated me all night. There were no other rooms available so i had to stick it through.
1	My husband has been staying for work for 2 weeks now. He had to return on he's 3rd week, he made reservations over the phone without a problem. Once he got there to check in they told him that he could not be checked in because of a disturbance that was entered by a staff that would be there in the morning.  When he asked, what was the disturbance they could not tell him. He works night and would sleep most of the day. He left for work since they told him there was nothing they could do till 6am. When he came back at 6am they told him he was banned from the hotel and could not comeback. Wtf!! Couldn't the person who made the reservation tell him over the phone. So my husband didn't have to make the long drive and had to work all night and not able to stay the morning??? Who does that?? Only unprofessional staff that doesnt give a rats ass about their guest. Besides the motel being full of prostitutes and dirty. I would give this a 0 star rating with their bed bugs and all.. I personally would never stay there, my husband had no choice. He's work has an account with motel 6 and I think that's absurd.
1	Our company spends thousands staying in this hotel. Went home one weekend after staying here for 2 weeks and came back to find out that I was banned from this hotel. Talked to the manager Brenda and she told me that I was rude and could not stay in this hotel anymore. I couldnt figure out why but all I could recall is that I did complain about the bed bugs and roaches plus crickets being in the room. Plus there are prostitutes everywhere outside. But there was no yelling or arguments so cant figure out why I was banned. All I can say is when you check out of this hotel spray your luggage or you will be taking bed bugs plus other critters home with you. I would avoid this hotel. Bug spray the room before you goto sleep or you will wake up to something crawling on you...good luck if you stay here and remember dont complain to benda or her staff or you will be banned just like me..
