5	lazy pool, a million different pools, floats, and an excellent spa. the pools here are just fabulous!
3	Gets very crowded but there are more than enough pools and chairs for your tannin' booty.
4	I was at the MGM pool on Memorial weekend and attending the Wet Republic Pool party on Sunday. Highly Recommended. Everyone attends Rehab at Hard Rock but that is just too overpacked and over-rated. Perhaps it was the awesome DJ performing( Deepdish) but overall the pools were relaxing, cabanas were comfy and the bar was great. No waits whatsoever. A+
1	The first time we stayed there- had a great time near the lazy river. Just recently went there- and it was CROWDED with party goers. I think the people that couldn't get into Wet Republic or were too cheap to pay the cover, hung near the lazy river. We're not cheap but it seem as it would be more crowded in Wet Republic.  I'm not a prude but I'm not in a big party group so different outlook.  The lazy river was crowded and surrounded by beer bottles and drinks.  I also want to say the volume of people in the water meant that the pool could not support all the sunscreen and dare i say other fluids to keep it clean- so i found it murky.  Once we went through the water...and noticed the cloudiness, we stepped out. Low and behold the next morning- bumps on my arms and legs.  I call it a (cess)pool.  there is shade somewhere but it's crowded so if you want a day by the pool, maybe invest in a cabana or go early to reserve your spot. I do enjoy the slushy cocktails though. Maybe better offseason when you could actually intertube through the river without some girl trying to stick her toe up your butt as you float by. Not really good for kids in that environment, but usually yes
4	The pool at MGM was nice; especially since it was free (we were staying at the MGM Signature). I am not sure if I would spend the extra money to come to this pool if I was not staying at the MGM. They had about 4/5 pools and a ton of free lounge chairs. The DJ was good and the drinks were the best price that we found all weekend. If you bought the special size (32oz) it was $21 but then it was only $9 refills. I really wanted to do the lazy river, but it would have cost us $16 a person to rent the raft so we waited until the end of the day. After the majority of the people went home we took two abandoned rafts and went on our way. The lazy river was okay....I defiantly do not think that it is worth the $16. Just wait until after 2 pm so you can do it for free!
3	Average.We rented a cabana at the Director's Pool (18 and over only) for my birthday. I've had cabanas at other properties and this one seem to fall short. We were given only four sodas and two bottles of water and if we wanted extra, we'd have to pay. At other hotels, the cabanas include unlimited non-alcoholic drinks.  Although we didn't go to Wet Republic (we were hanging out with my senior citizen parents), it seemed like people were partying pretty hard. We'll check it out on our next trip but we'll probably skip the cabana.
3	It was super hot so Kamster and I headed for the pool. The first pool in MGM's complex of pools was way too crowded so we kept walking and found this little gem tucked away in the back. Barely any kids and loads of lounge chairs in the shade.It was funny that we could hear the music coming from Wet Republic.They closed up this pool around 4 which was wierd, I definitely could have hung out here for a few more hours.
5	Well we all know what a pool is meant to do and MGM's pool(s) certainly get the job done. Plenty of lounge chairs to lie about and tan in, cabanas for rent, plenty of towels, cocktail waitresses prowling the premises. Being that I went after summer season had long past [yes it stays warm in Vegas well into the beginning of November] I didn't get a chance to check out Wet Republic (adult fun) and a couple of the surrounding pools were closed as well. *Five stars* to the bar. Most delicous virgin strawberry daiquiri I have ever tasted.
4	We partied our ass off outside of Wet Republic.  We couldn't figure out why we'd have to wait in line to get into a smaller pool area.  We saw a bus load of girls get dropped off and when we asked staff what was going on they said that they worked here.  I can see why people would pay to get in but we were having way too much fun by the lazy river throwing back margaritas left and right.
5	I loved the Pool at the MGM! It was great and so much fun after a night/early morning of drinking my face off lol.. The lazy river is what made me fall in love with the pool area. I just floated around in my raft splitting a bucket of beers with my buddies, and than drinking margeritas. I love the pool cause it feels like a pool party; although you will run into kids and families outside of wet Republic, but the pool was so much fun we decided we didnt need to go to wet republic. They also have a fun pool where you can play volleyball, which was fun even though i dont ever play volleyball. the only downfall to the pool is its SO DAMN CROWDED, but I understand why the pool would be crowded in the middle of summer at vacation destination... I'm definitely going back this summer!
4	Buckets of Beer are $25. Set yourself up with a few of those, chill in the sun for a bit, then hop in the lazy river and float for a while. If you want to meet some ladies, hand out "best in river" to the hot ones.. as stupid as it sounds, it works in Vegas. True story.Oh, wear sunscreen.. learned the hard way.
5	I have two very important words for you:  LAZY RIVER.  Though, admittedly, with as much booze as our group had consumed before we even arrived, there was no lazy about it.  There was just too much fun to be had.  Also stoked since we all thought we were going to have to put down an arm (and/or leg) for an intertube, but there were plenty just floating around begging to be taken.The drinks are understandable expensive, but we went the swanky route and poured them strong up in the hotel room before donning our bathing suits.  And let me tell you, a red keg cub in the lazy river is the *definition* of class.  Also, go to the hot tub afterward - it's the *perfect* temperature and everyone in it is decidedly more fun than a normal hot tub.  On a warm day, this is fo shizzle the place to come.  FO SHIZZLE.
4	Nothing beats sitting by pool and drinking after a long night of drinking at the club. The MGM pools did not disappoint my group this past weekend. Even though we didn't get down to the pool until close to 1 pm, we were still able to snag two chairs together in one spot and three together a few feet away.Drink service was a bit slow and the cocktail waitresses were not overly friendly. However, $25 for a bucket of beer made up for it with my group. Despite how many people were out at the pool area, none of the pools or lazy river were ever that crowded which was nice. If you don't want to search for chairs, go early in the morning (Sunday morning around 10:45 am wasn't very crowded at all) or later in the afternoon because chairs started freeing up more and more the closer it got to 5 pm. My group spent both days at the Academy pool which is close to the entrance and near the Cabana Grill.My only frustrating experience with the MGM pool was trying to rent a cabana. When I called the week before (per instructions), I was told I could only be put on a list. When I checked again Saturday (I was trying to get a cabana for Sunday), I was told that again they couldn't rent me one then but that I would get a phone call to let me know if I would get it. It was very frustrating especially since I didn't get a cabana in the end. I wish they would make the policy and reservation process more clear.The number of pools (including a lazy river) and the layout of the pool area impressed me. MGM definitely has one of the better pool areas in Vegas.
3	nice pool areas but i think WAY too crowded. we found our way to a not so crowded pool with people of all ages and it seemed pretty chill at this pool. the other pools we walked by were filled to the brim with 20-something partiers looking to get drunk and have sex in the pool. can we say gross? all we wanted was to lie around and take a dip here and there to cool down. once the pool we were at closed, we had to find a new place to lounge. it was pretty hard given that there were so many people.
4	Since we couldn't get into Wet Republic (cuz they were charging $50 for guys and they didn't want to pay that much), we stuck to the regular pools at MGM.  The pools are pretty crowded and you might have to work to find a lounge chair, but they have plenty of pools to choose from.  I checked out the Academy pool, the Producer pool and the River pool, and the river pool was the coolest!  It's a long river where you can rent a floaty donut ($16 per day, which I think is too expensive, so we didn't end up getting one) and the current will move you down the river.  There's waterfalls and mists intermittently throughout the river.  The drinks at the pools cost more than the drinks in the hotel, so try to bring your own! I heard there were more pools in the back, the adult pool and some other pool, but we didn't get to check those out.
3	about 3.5 starshands down much better than tao beach. that place doesn't let you drink while you're in the water, lame! and tao beach is tiny. granted, i didn't go to wet republic here, just their regular pools outside, but i think it was nice.my friend and i bought our own drinks at fat tuesday, i got a 1/2 yard and she got a huge mug and met up with other friends at this pool. thanks goodness for knowing someone with a room key! i believe it's the only way to get in for free. it was great b.c they already had seats, which were in a shaded area.now for the pool: once you step in, it's pretty refreshing. it may be a little too crowded, but get that and that fact that you are stewing in everyone's mess out of your mind, and you can have a pretty good time. i guess it doesn't help to have a couple drinks in hand.beware: don't taste or swallow the water! i got some splashed on my face, and the shit tasted like nothing but salty nastiness. good thing i had my 1/2 yard to wash that down with the awesome taste of sin city juice.
4	My girlfriends and I had heard about this place from another friend we went with and it got a little sketchy when we tried to get in and they asked to see our room key.  We just played the "oops, silly me" card and he let us in anyway.  We wandered around and all the pools were packed, along with all the chairs.  But once we found a place to lay out near the Lazy River, we were GOLDEN!  The inner tubes cost $16 to rent or $20 to buy, and I'm cheap, so I just wandered through the water, swimming, walking, talking, floating...  Although I did purchase a $22 32oz yard drink, and it's only $9 to refill.  Just laying out and returning for a round down the river over and over, drinking all the while...  It was a beautiful thing.  I can't wait to return, the Lazy River seriously made my day!
3	Stayed here during the week for one night only, at the end of a long camping trip, basically just for the pool.The pools all close between 5 and 7 pm, so when we got there they were pretty much shutting everything down.Went back the next day to enjoy the endless river, which was pretty damn cool.Pool floats are a $16 rental, and the frozen drinks, while tasty, are a dollar per ounce and without much booze...None of the pools have deep ends, but the endless river makes up for it.All in all, a pretty sweet pool in vegas, but definitely not the best.
5	Let's be real. I cannot imagine a better Saturday afternoon activity than drinking a yard-cup of sugary alcoholic frozen splendor and floating/walking down a lazy river all afternoon. Combine them and ... pure. magic.Also, this place is a meat market. (Meet Market?) Regardless, listening to/receieving pick-up lines in Vegas are a sport in and of themselves.
2	If you want to go with your family the rating is a two, but if you're looking for somwhere to get your drink on it's a five . I am a father of five and don't drink. The pools get a two. We will do our staycationing at the Mandalay Bay from now on.
4	The first day I didn't really venture out beyond the lazy river, so there were quite a few kids which was annoying.  Next day I went over to the more adult pools and enjoyed myself much much more.
5	I love, love, love Backlot River. Its become my haven in this heat. Where else can you find a mile of pool, allowing you to bring drinks in with you, bikini clad barbies and ken doll men galore? I go here 3-4 times a week and I LOVE it. Stop at Fat Tuesdays first and grab a Yard Dog and you're all set!
5	They have like 5 pools or something and all were playing music. We stayed around the lazy river because more ppl were there and they were up in there jammin! We were going to go to Wet Republic but the line was in the sun and it was taking all damn day to let people in and since the sun was burning my damn back up, we all left and went to the other pools. We had went to Fat Tuesdays before going so we didn't go the bar to get drinks but they looked yummy and prices weren't that bad as you could get refills for a lower price. Overall, we had fun! Will definitely return if we stay the MGM next trip to Vegas.
4	FLETCHA!!!!!!It had everything I could want in a pool... 5 pools, 3 hot tubs, and 1 lazy river to be precise. The drinks were ridiculously expensive. I wanted to celebrate being in Vegas with a virgin strawberry daiquiri but it was $10. Whaaa???The optimal time to avoid icky drunk people and warm beer/pee in the water is the morning. Tschane and I rode the lazy river several times but since the shade there was limited we left by about 11am. The constant pop music they blast in the pool area is kind of annoying, but also quintessentially Vegas. Enjoy.
4	Lazy river!!!!But boo on you for charging for rafts. We went on mother's day so it wasn't crowded. I wouldn't want to be here during a pool party though.
4	Just as the very name of MGM Grand applies, the pool at MGM *is* grand in its own manner. Absolutely huge, there are many places to wander and find solace in if you want to be by the party crowd, by the family crowd, by the music, or by poolside. I usually tend to set up post by the winding river that encircles the majority of the pool deck, just because there's nice eye candy to be passing by, and is a great way to meet and chat with some interesting folks. I would want to say the crowd is a little more younger there, considering the Wet Republic is just beyond the pool toward the back.The only downfall is the price of the drinks, which IMO are *way* too expensive. I purchased a simple mojito that looked a little bit under 8 fl oz., and it nearly cost me $15 in total including tip! Otherwise, if I want to have a festive day among the young and interesting crowd, this is the pool where I'd want to be.
4	Floating around the river with my husband, partying with random people, and sipping a cold beer was exactly what I needed on the first hot Saturday of the year. We bought jello shots and a bucket of beer, and even though the beers were individually sold they wouldn't let my husband and I each pick our own beers! I wanted light beer of course, but didn't want to kill my husband's vibe so we went with Budweiser. I know, I'm an awesome wife. I hate when places are difficult about simple requests, especially when you're paying like 40 bucks for 5 cheap beers.Also, if you're not using a tube, don't drag it out of the pool and claim ownership of it for an entire day asshole, there are other people here DUH. Despite that, when my kids are whining and I'm on my 4th load of laundry I just promise myself a trip back by the end of summer and cheer right up!
5	5 stars for the lazy river......nothing better than going around in circles in your inner tube with a drink in hand. The Best!
5	If you haven't figured it out by now, what makes this pool memorable is the Lazy River section.If floating around and mingling with others is not your kinda thing or if you have the family with you, MGM definitely has many other pools to relax in.  During my last visit here, there were kids in our group. Most people would tell you to leave the kids by the other pool, but they weren't my kids so it went kinda like this ...Water Gun + Adorable 6 year old + Lazy River + "Shoot Her" = Ultimate WingmanGet there early, snag a spot in the shade or somewhere near Wet Republic, hop in the lazy river then drink and mingle the day away.  I can't think of a better way to spend a hot day in Vegas.  I'm lying. I can but this is definitely top 10.PS - don't be lazy. They have a ton of restrooms#dontpissinthelazyriver
5	The lazy river pool at the MGM Grand is A-W-E-S-O-M-E! There are other pools spread around, but the lazy river is where it's at. It is not often that you come across a pool like this, so I took full advantage of it and walked around it a few times. I also floated around on an innertube a few more times. I encountered a lot of interesting characters, but everyone was cool. There was a great vibe throughout, and I had a fun time. The pool area at the MGM is one of the many reasons that it is a great place to stay at when visiting Las Vegas.
4	I've been to both the Mandalay Bay lazy river and just recently the MGM lazy river.  I have to give the edge to the MGM.  It's a lot longer, plus you can chill in it with your drink.  This can be a plus and a minus depending on how many drunk fools are spilling their drinks in it.  The Mandalay Bay lifeguards will hunt you down if you try to bring a drink in there.The other benefit of the MGM lazy river is the music coming from next door at Wet Republic.  Big plus there.I got there at around 3:30pm and found out that the river closes at 6pm which kind of sucked but we ended up going over to one of their other pools which stayed open till 8pm.Also, want to give a shout out to MGM staff that found my ATM card in the river the next morning and turned it into security.Big negative, price of drinks :-(
4	Stay at the MGM just for this pool, it is worth it. It blows all others away. Well, Mandalay Bay and their wavepool gets a solid second but there's very little shade there.  This is the place. Frozen drink in hand floating around the river - hard to beat that. Liked it alittle more when they had music on but apparently they turned the volume down so not to compete with Wet Republic.
4	I loved this pool!  However, I do think there is a minimum level of intoxication that should be enforced here.  I was definitely not drunk enough for this place by noon.  It honestly looked like the spring break parties you see on MTV!  By noon, having an inner-tube is pointless because there isn't even enough room in the pool to get through walking let alone with a tube!  I feel like this was a much more entertaining pool party than Rehab at the hard-rock.  Keep in mind, it is like $15 to rent a tube but only like $10 to buy one.  The reason for that is because the tubes you buy are substantially smaller than the rented ones.  But definitely check this place out...just clear out if by noon if you don't like drunk-a$$ twenty-somethings everywhere.  BTW, this pool is all the way in the back of the grand pool complex at MGM Grand...don't end up at the other pools, they're not as much fun.
5	What can I say? I love this pool. It is definitely my most frequented pool even if I'm not staying at MGM. Shhh. Don't tell anyone that part.The lazy river, the music and the people all equate to a fun experience every time. The crowd around the lazy river is usually younger. Children do exist. No really, they exist and they are found around the lazy river but don't worry because there are more 20-somethings than children. You can create whatever kind of day you want here. You can mingle and meet new people as you walk or float around the lazy river. You can recover from the night before in one of the hundreds of available lounge chairs. You can also dance to some beats that overflow from the Wet Republic pool party going on next door. (To see a review of Wet Republic, check out my reviews page).The cocktail servers are good about coming around enough that you don't get thirsty and are nice enough to understand if you have to dig in your suit for the wet bills you jammed in there before jumping into the water.There isn't much shade at this pool if you want to lay out near the water. Granted, if you are laying out; you don't need much shade. However, sometimes you just need to get out of the sun. The restaurant that is located within the pool area is the best place to cool off midday if you don't feel like hiking back to your room. The food is really good but a bit on the pricey side. By the time the sun starts setting you can easily find shade but by that point you are probably already on the verge of sun-stroke.Verdict:It is a great place to mingle and relax. The hot tubs are nice once the sun starts to set. A great place for 20 & 30 -somethings looking to flaunt it and socialize.
3	The Grand Pool Complex at MGM is impressive. There is a great range of pools, including adult and 14+, hot tubs, and most important, the lazy river. This isn't the best lazy river in America, but it probably is the best in Vegas. It is a great way to release you stress and way cheaper than a massage. The pool is friendly and relaxed. You don't need to worry about your body with this crowd, there are guests of every body type. Unlike some status pools in Vegas with models and bouncers, this is just a lot of normal people relaxing in the sun. Drinks are allowed in the water (a positive for you and a negative when the drunk idiot next to you spills his). The drinks are very expensive. They charge for tubes, but you might find one abandoned. The staff are great. The biggest issue is that they close at 6pm. I suppose most guests are done for the day and want to go gambling, but it seems pretty early to me.
5	Amazing time great party atmosphere there is nothing like hanging out and meeting new people at the Lazy River, this past weekend was my first time there and I definitely plan on going back
4	Beautiful pool complex!  Really enjoy the lazy river.  Pools open at staggered hours and vary by season.  Lazy River opens @ 10am.  There are showers in the restrooms.  This pool is one of the main reasons we stay here when we're in Vegas.As another reviewer notes, not much pretentiousness. Staff is friendly.Drinks are spendy; but you can bring in your own water bottles and property drinks (like Starbux).A group of us did do the 'cabana thing' once, $400 for the day, and you get $400 worth of food/beverage (which, at these prices, isnt much), we had great service, but the volume/quality of food you will get is pitiful.  We all agreed it was an interesting experience but not to be duplicated.Oh, ya, the restrooms - they had video displays on the sink faucets - I thought *really* how much money did they spend to put a freekin video screen on the pool sink faucet.  Only in Vegas.
5	Seriously I had the best time at the lazy river.  Probably the best out of my whole Vegas trip.  All my friends were here, we grabbed some drinks from the bar.  Also note: you can sneak in drinks in your bag.  Towels are located in the front, as soon as you walk in.  Tons of lounge chairs all over the place.  You can hear the music blasting from Wet Republic, located over the wall.  Restrooms were overall clean.It was like walking around in a continuous party.  I was making friends left and right.  We happened to be there the weekend of 4th of July, also a UFC fight weekend.  It was super busy, but not in a bad way.  I wish that I had more time to go back to the pool, it was a magical moment.
5	You're allowed to bring in outside beers.It's free to enter with a MGM room key. You get free towels at the front.The lazy river is fun for a few laps. I think it's half a mile long.We actually tried to go to Wet Republic, but they upped the price to $60 for guys. OUCH! We rather spend that on poolside drinks.
4	Celebrating my friend Kristin's birthday! She reserved a cabana - this particular cabana was right by the volleyball swimming pool. Nice if you wanna play volleyball, NOT so nice if you don't. The upside to this particular spot though is that it was near Wet Republic and Tiesto was spinning so I could hear EVERYTHING and his set was SO good. HAHA. ANYWAY. There are like a million different pools here including a lazy river! The lazy river was nice but crowded and barely anybody was floating with a tube - this was actually an upside because I WAS floating with a tube and could barely get by anybody so imagine if EVERYONE was in a tube! It would be a big ol' traffic jam! Our cabana servers were David and Sarah and they were very cool and accommodating and took care of us. Another plus side to this hotel pool is you can bring in outside items such as WATER aka vodka in water bottles. HAHAHAHA. Anyway we all had a really great time and the pool was nice and chill and also good for families!
5	$400 for a cabana 10 AM to 5 PM. Food service stops at 3:45 PM. John and Brittany went WAY out of their way to make our day perfect. So much fun!
5	Amazing lazy river!! Great music!! Cabanas, daybeds & plenty of chairs!! They have 5 pools in all!! One with a volleyball court, one with lap lanes, one as an adult only pool & one just as a basic pool!! Plus 3 hot tubs. You can cruise the lazy river with a tube or just cruise it without one. Basically a good time all around.
5	This is the Party Pool of the Gods!!!!!!!!!!  I loved it here.  My buddies and I hit up pool parties at each hotel every Labor Day weekend (Rehab, Wet Republic, TI, Palms - Ditch Fridays, Flamingo), so this year we decided to hit up the regular pool at MGM.  This place was sooooooooooo much fun and really chill, plus IT WAS FREE (major score).  The lazy river makes a huge difference.  You meet tons of friendly people from all walks of life.  Most Important Things:Pro'sGood music (you hear everything from Wet Republic) = checkAttractive crowd (the crowd was generally good, lots of lean folks, although there were definitely a few that needed to keep a shirt on or not wear a two piece, seriously if you have rolls hide them) = checkGood ratios (girls to guys, starts off bad, but gets good) = checkMultiple pools = checkBooze (get the Energizer or 3 like me and your set) = double checkCon's Didn't have anyThings to remember:  The pool scene is kind of slow from 9-11am, but the best seats get taken quick, so get there early to lock it down, but by 1-3pm, the party is rocking and you get all the music from Wet Republic.  By 4-5, your partying and meeting tons of fun and cool random people along the lazy river.  YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED.  Just make sure to down a few energizers from the bars (there $20), after 3, the place was off the hook.
4	Nice pool, get a cabana and get there a little early cause it tends to get packed. the pool area is huge and is great for families. If ur here to party though I reccommend just going to wet republic
3	Very fun place a few bad things are the walk back through the mall to get to your room if you are staying in the hotel and to charge for tubes when you are charging me 300 a nigh for a room is insulting!
5	The MGM has a lot of pool choices. The ones by the Signature Towers are quiet and chill. The ones in the Grand Pool Complex have a much more energetic vibe. We chose to hang out by the Lazy River Pool next to Wet Republic. Fantastic Choice! There are lot's of lounge chairs, places to eat and bars surrounding the Lazy River. You can even rent tubes to float around in...about $16 a day to rent.  The main grotto has a cool water fall and lots of shallow water for the kids. The older kids circled the area in the lazy river. There are some really cool nooks and grotto's to lounge in. Great for the kids and those in need of shade on a hot Vegas day. Music from Wet Republic is played through speakers around all the pools. We were able to hear Calvin Harris and Steve Aoki during out time at the pool.We chose loungers at the back of the rows, under the misters and by the overhang so we had a shade option. We spent a lot of time in the pool cooling off. This is definitely a party pool, but kids and adults of all ages were having a great time. This is definitely the spot to be to fun in the sun.They have these blue double lounge chairs that look really inviting. If you agree to spend $300 one could be yours. With a group of a few people it's not a bad deal and you get an umbrella. The ground gets super hot when walking to the pool from the lounge chairs. I left my flip flops in a bush and that worked out great. We found a stray tube and shared with a group of folks which was a bonus.
5	We got a cabana for our wedding party. Food was AWSOME!!! MAKE SURE YOU GET KRISTIE AS YOUR HOST "THE DODGER GIRL"  She was the BEST!!!!!! Always made sure the bride n groom had a drink lol. I cant wait till we go again i will for sure ask for her!! MGM has the best pool love the lazy river .this is my  kids favorite  pool.
5	i'm a big fan of the Rio pool and the Flamingo pool. those awesome pools are now my number 2s. THIS pool... is the bizznizz. it really is a complex in both facility and traversing difficulty. there are a couple full size standalone pools that can accomodate an exorbitant amount of people, but, the masses are drawn to the lazy river. the lazy river is able to accmodate the throngs of people that flock to the MGM for the pool alone. lots of seating options up and around the lazy river. we got there around 130p one day and were able to find seats pretty quickly. the cocktailetresses were pretty johnny on the spot. got our drink options with the utmost of speed. only knock, there is no food delivery here, unless you're in a cabana so fyi. you gotta walk to the pool restaurant. oh, make sure you bring your flip flops cause that concrete during summers in Vegas is a killer. the food options were pretty good though, even though the menu was standard. don't bother getting one of those inner tube things. they were a pain in the ass. it looks fun, but, with so many people using them, it tends to jam up the lazy river. but, if you decide to get one, it's around $15. you could also wait till later in the morning/early afternoon and most people just get tired of them and leave them around. we got one that was just floating by on its' own. overall, AMAZING pool! lots of kids around as well. as much as i would like to bring my kids here, i might only do so during the off season. a little too adult for our taste. but, if you don't mind the drunks and bouche dags around, knock yourselves out. also, if you're here on the weekends, Wet Republic is right next door so you get to here the resident/guest DJs play their sets, without paying an arm and a leg. we'll most def be back.
5	Chased the sun here from Seattle. So worth it! CANNOT go wrong here! Grand Pool is fantastic, hotel is great too. Hallways are cooker than rooms, so leave air low when you are out. Staff us very friendly. Will def be back.
4	The Grand Pool Complex is free to all MGM guests.  It is located on the east side of the resort it should be easy to find by the wayfinder signs.  The hotel asks you to wear cover up items and not to walk to and from the pool in only your suit.  I am not sure that they are very strict on this but it is courteous to cooperate as it is a nice hotel and casino.  Entrance to the pool is granted by showing your room card.  There are several pools and a lazy river.  These sections are reserved for the experience you are looking for.  I'm not sure what each section represents but you can find that information out on the website.  Some areas are for families and others for adults only.  Free towels are provided and beach chairs are available on a first come first serve basis.  The lazy river can be walked or you can rent a floating device for a couple Hamiltons.  Kids inner tubes are smaller and slightly cheaper than adults.  The pool area is plenty and the water is clean.  It can get busy but if you come early enough and miss the peak hours you can still get a good amount of sun and pool time.  They have a cabana grill which I will address in another review but they also have staff that come around to order drinks and food if you so please.  The pool is very nice with palm trees and a great atmosphere with music loud enough to hear.  When you're in Vegas you will get used to the club style music 24/7 wherever you are.
4	Best pool in Vegas, ya'll!Grab a tube, cocktails, your friends and jump on in. There is always some fun in the sun to be had here! I love staying at the Signature because this pool is where you want to be. It may be called The Lazy River, but it's a blast and a half. Anyone who is anyone knows to have their Vegas day party here.The service is great, the pool is massive and you'll always meet some fun people.
4	Booked a cabana here for the second time.  I booked well in advance as I like to have things planned.  The cabana and service were great.  If you like frozen drinks get a refillable cup for under thirty bucks, and refills are much cheaper than ordering per drink.  The chicken fingers platter is great for sharing and the fingers and sauces are amazballs.  The pool itself left a little to be desired.  The water was WARM.  Not refreshing.  More hot tub style.  Don't try to use the lazy river with a tube on the weekend.  It's elbows to assholes in there.  A side note, code blue means someone either puked or thought it was a fart.  Listen to the lifeguards when they tell you to get out.  Still can't figure out why it's not called a code brown.  Cost is actually a food and beverage minimum making it a bargain at zero dollars.  Be aware that twenty percent will be tacked on at the end of the day as a service charge.
4	If you're in Vegas for the weekend and looking for a pool party, this is a WAYYYY better option than Wet Republic (or any other pool party, for that matter). Frankly, I really can't afford a cabana at the day clubs and the bottle of liquor you're usually forced to buy is always tiny and goes QUICK. And if you don't buy a cabana, there's never ANY space. Booked a cabana on a Saturday in July for the MGM Grand Pool and had a BLAST. Our cabana was right on the lazy river and it was a party. Tons of people of all ages, but our cabana had plenty of space for all 9 people in our party and we met lots of like-minded twenty and thirty somethings. We had to pay a minimum of $600 on food and drink, which is easy to do if you're going to be there all day eating lunch and drinking. You aren't forced to buy a bottle or anything like that - you can just order what you want (I recommend the drink pitchers). The lazy river is right on the other side of the Wet Republic wall, so you are getting the exact same experience with music, but the crowd is more fun (in my opinion) and it's way cheaper AND you don't have to wait in line to get in there. They let you bring your drinks in the lazy river, which is awesome and fun. But there are also likely to be some kids in there, so the chances of something gross getting in the water is doubled. I knocked one star off because we were instructed to get out of the lazy river at one point because there was "blood or vomit" in the water somewhere. Disgusting, but also to be expected when you're allowing drunk adults and children in a body of water together. Luckily a lifeguard flagged us out before we got anywhere near the problem area.That said, if you're looking for something more low key, there are tons of pools in this complex. On Friday, my boyfriend and I just laid out by another pool (Directors) and it was incredibly relaxing. There's something for everybody here.
5	I have a lot of inside knowledge being a local and working at a lot of these places :) so let me tell you working at the Grand pool was an awesome experience . Guests don't get to see what goes on behind the scenes but I can tell you the staff and managers here truly do care . When I used to work here staff would have a pre-shift every morning to get us going for the up and coming day! Whenever there was an issue upper management would gladly and quickly work to resolve the issue ! The guest is truly always right . The cabana servers far exceed their duties and bring you whatever you need the waitresses are friendly and the receptions and greeters will always work to get you what you want ! The pool is one of the main reasons people stay at the MGM and staff always gives an amazing experience . On top of that the pools are cleaned every night and every thing is well kept for the next day ! You won't regret spending your summer here !
5	I absolutely love this pool - probably one of the best in Vegas! I would stay at the MGM Grand solely for this pool.The lazy river is perfect for hot days on the strip. Just rent a tube ($16 each) and float down. Just watch out for people hanging out on the sides. There is also a awesome water fall you can hang out under. Also different water spouts and things to get you wet. There are also three (?) different pools you can hang out in if you don't want to get hit by intertubes. Since it is right outside of Wet Republic, the music is generally what is being played inside. No lines, no fees, just a relaxing day at the pool. A 20 oz bloody mary or margarita is $17, just grab a waitress and she'll bring it over to you while you're lounging on the chairs.
4	Was good, had more than one pool. Only downfall is that all of them only went up to 3 1/2 feet :/
5	By far the best, fun, relaxing, awesome pool. It's all in one. Variety of entertainment, good look, wonderful music and next to Wet Republic!!! So, if you miss a Dj... Go hangout at the Grand Pool!!!:).
4	Best place to be Friday and Saturday during frozen fury weekend. The lazy river is awesome. Get there early so you can find a nice shady spot to sit by the pool. The inner tubes they have are about 12 dollars. You can also bring in your own as many people do. Be ready to get bumped around if your in one and hit with one if you are just standing in the pool. You can get in to this pool with any mgm room key. you can hear the music from wet republic pool from most place int he pool. They have servers all around to take your drink orders and there are about 4 different places you can go get drinks from.  Beer buckets are about 32 dollars, comes with 5 beers depending which beer you get depends on the size of the bottle. Jello shots are 3 dollars and are pretty strong which is awesome.
3	I definitely like how you can hear the music from Wet Republic, since it gives the place a young and fun vibe. However, the pool area was a hot mess. There were bottles and cups scattered everywhere. It looked like a frat party gone wrong. Either the hotel needs more staff to clean up the walkways, or the guests need to be chastised and prompting to be more diligent and respectful.  The lazy river doesn't move. I went to the one at Mandalay Bay last month, and you get yelled at by the lifeguards if you stop the water's flow, because you're seen as an obstruction. At this river complex, people are just hanging around, clogging up the movement. Only a few select people are floating in a circle, and they're getting pushed and shoved by those around them. One girl in our group had a man take a picture of her crotch with a GoPro camera, so beware of sketchy people! Moreover, there's no way to navigate around the triple waterfall without getting wet. The only thing you can do is get out, so be prepared to get yourself, and your hair, fully soaked.
5	What can I say? I love lazy rivers. Even though  there is probably a huge percentage of alcohol and pee, it's still fun. It's like adults on a hamster wheel drunk. If you get sick of the hamster wheel try the nachos, they are huge and the yummiest pool side snack they offer.
5	I've been coming to Vegas over 15 years and I've been to almost every pool from Red Rock Casino to Hooters.  The pool at the MGM is one of the main reasons I keep coming back to this hotel.  I guess the best compliment I could give the pool at MGM is variety.  With most Vegas pools.....you have one pool and maybe a side small pool.  MGM offers multiple pools....a lazy river....Wet Republic.  The drink service is top notch.  You have a walk up food area which has good food options and decent Vegas pool side prices.  Towel service is also a plus as they hand you two huge white towels when you walk in.  The pool areas are also very clean and MGM does a great job of constant sweeping and trash maintenance.  Just a heads up to this pool area.....they check your bags for glass/outside alcohol.  My advice if you need to bring in outside alcohol is to fill a plastic bottle becuase they arent letting you in with anything else.  You can spring for a bucket of tall Budweiser products....6 beers for $36.  They have yards of alcohol slushies you can buy as well and refills are less expensive.  All in all....the MGM pool is fantastic and I will keep coming back
