3	When Stevey P asked me if I wanted to go to the first game at Camelback Ranch I jumped at the chance.  Its been a long winter and I need some baseball!The stadium itself is beautiful, the natural rock walls give it a very "Arizona" feel.  The sight lines from our lawn seats were pretty good and they have a decent amount of seating in several different lawn sections.  The complex is large, with multiple practice fields, manicured lawns, walkways and waterways.  The replica stadium fields are a nice touch.  There were some aspects of my experience here that really detracted from the day.  First of all, the parking situation is ridiculous.  One would imagine that having a large open space to build this complex would allow for a better design for the parking lot but its just a huge mess.  Also, the parking lot is really far from the stadium itself, you have to cross the entire complex to get there.The concessions also left much to be desired, it was pretty much your standard stadium fare.  The service at the concession stands really needs work.  It wasn't that they didn't have enough people, they were certainly well staffed, but they really need to figure out a system to speed up the process.  I'm sure it will come with time.  Also, my hot dog was pretty lackluster and my hot pretzel was as hard as a rock.  If you have ever been to a game with me you know that I love stadium food.  LOVE IT.  So this bummed me out.Two other notes.  First, the music they play is incredibly loud.  It needs to be lowered a few notches.  Second, while the prices of lawn seats are what you would expect to pay, they do have seats that approach the $100 range.  For spring training?!All in all it was a fun afternoon.  Given its location it wouldn't be a stadium I would go to often but I can see myself going once a season.
4	Camelback Ranch, the spring training home of the L.A. Dodgers and Chicago White Sox, is huge and stunningly gorgeous. It has a much different feel than a typical spring training stadium and the approach with meandering lakes, earthtone designs, elevated concourses and lush landscaping like afghan pines elicited more of an amusement park feel than anything else.The Jumbotron, which is a welcome sight in a spring training stadium, was kind of hard to see from the left field berm, but hey, at least they have one! Similarly, the team store is spacious with both Sox and Dodger gear and is something you would expect at Chase Field. The berm seating  is sloped with comfy thick grass and sightlines weren't bad at all. So that covers the positives.The parking situation and concession lines were terrible. The concessions are cash only, and lines that looked deceivingly small were painfully long. Granted, it was their first day and they need time to work kinks out. But they have NO DODGER DOGS! But they do have something called a Chicago Dog, ok....Regarding parking, there is only really one way in and out of their parking lots. It took nearly 30 minutes from the time we arrived at Camelback/107th Ave to when we actually parked the car, and then began a 15 minute walk to the entrance. I loved the actual stadium facility itself, I think if parking and concessions were improved this could easily be a five star stadium.
5	OH MY GAWD!!!! This has to be the most absolutely beautiful spring training facility that exists!!!! Though I have not been to all of them, I have been to plenty, both in Arizona as well as Florida. First off, the place is huge!! I had heard that it is 180 acres..tons of practice fields, It even has it's own lake-like thingy . Very modern design stadium, it doesn't look like what it is until you look inside...good view from what appears to be all seats. All in all My 2nd favorite team, the White Sox, (#1 is and will always be the Phillies) as well as the Dodgers, have a lot to be very proud of.The facility just opened, I was, I suppose, among the very first to get a good look. I can say that they are still ironing out kinks, so forget about perfection this year. There are hassles, as the previous reviewers opined. Give them a little time to streamline (parking, food services, etc.)Let's go,go, go White Sox!!Play Ball!!!
5	I have been to every ballpark in the Cactus League and know my way around them all.  This is, by far, the best facility in all of Spring Training (that includes the Florida parks).  Granted, I am a Dodger fan and we get it better than the 'Sox fans do, but it is still amazing.Camelback Ranch is the brand new, state of the art, spring training facility for the Dodgers and White Sox.  The Sox moved from Tucson because Tucson is the literally SO bad that even people from CHICAGO won't stay there.  The park is located just south of the Glendale Airport and pretty much only has one way in or out - 111th Ave.  You can avoid Camelback Rd by taking Indian School to 111th and then just drive into the stadium.The grounds feature 13 practice fields and a giant lake and river that also help irrigate the fields.  While the White Sox practice fields and clubhouse entry are blocked off from the public, the Dodgers' are wide open and inviting.  Players must walk through the crowds during practices which invited lots of interaction with the fans.  The field is beautiful and the layout of the stadium is quite impressive.  Not only do they have a full Jumbotron but they also feature fully enclosed suites and a full buffet for those willing to shell out $90 per game.  That price gets you seats behind home, access to unlimited food, wine, beer, soda, and sweets.  It also gets you exclusive merchandise as well as cold towels to help you cool off.  It sounds like a lot but it turns out to be worth the money.The grass seats have a great slope to them (much like Scottsdale) and the seat aisles are wide.  The food selection is lacking without Dodger Dogs, however.  The stadium is also missing the independent food vendors that Maryvale and Peoria feature.  A great stadium and surely one to visit every March.
4	From Los Angeles, and have visited Vero Beach for the last two years it was great that old style atmosphere as growing up a dodger fan it was nice to visit the old, but now this spring training facility is huge and all you dodger fans need to come and experience this even if you not a dodger fan because all the stadium are close by if you stay in between the stadiums. If you were in vero beach maybe two or three teams are close by, but here in phoniex 20 to 30 minutes all stadiums are close by just remember traffic is kind of hectic so stay and eat or hang out at the game unitl it ends and most stadiums have places close by.Though it was the first day, they still need to fix certain things like the parking because getting out is a hassle but I found a better way everybody wants to make a left on Camelback rd so i advise you to go straight on 111th all the way to Indian School rd make a left and about 2 miles you will see the 101 loop. It is also expensive so my suggestion is pay for the lawn seat and walk around and find a seat under the shade.Of all the stadium in the area easily has that look and feel this is a spring training facility GO Doger Blue!
5	This may be my new favorite Spring Training facility!  I've been to every one in the Cactus League except for the one in Goodyear, but that's coming soon.  This park is absolutely gorgeous.  Everything from the rolling hills to the carefully crafted winding paths that lead to the practice fields is stunning.  I've never seen a facility quite like this, well except for the old Dodger camp, Vero Beach, but that's Florida.  I love the Arizona feel of this stadium.  Usually I hate everything about Arizona from the ugly desert landscape to the mind blowing heat.  This stadium however seems to capture what it is about AZ that people find beautiful.  The angular design of this place creates beautiful lines throughout the park creating a backdrop for the sandy earthy colors you will find throughout the park.  The chairs are a sandy tan color, providing a sliver of relief from the heat that usually emanates from the typical dark green or dark blue seats of other stadiums.  The practice fields are as equally beautiful and well maintained as the actual playing field.  This is a stadium that takes pride in its aesthetics. The food selection here is pretty mediocre.  You have the typical hot dog and sausage varietals along with some BBQ and grilled items.  Nothing too inventive, unless you sit in the 90 dollar home plate club seats.  WOW.  They have this incredible set up on the concourse for this exclusive club where you have a buffet of food, sweets, and drinks to choose from, not the typical hot dogs beer and popcorn fare.  Maybe we can shell out for that sometime.I call myself a Diamondbacks fan but after all the betrayal from the team and my near constant visits to Camelback Ranch, I see myself becoming a Dodger fan.  It's scary, and my husband swears I will convert by the end of Spring Training.  I even now possess my very own Andre Ethier shirt.  At least I can pass that off as supporting a local boy.. plus he's cute.Go here.  Don't hesitate, just do it and you will be so glad you did.
3	Went here Sunday for the Rockies vs Dodgers game. We got some great free seats just to the left of home plate. Love the awning that provides lots of shade to people who just want to watch the game from the top of the seat section. I heard that the game was sold out, but it looked maybe 75% full. Parking wasn't too bad for us. We actually parked maybe 4 lanes away from the stadium. The food was ok. This place just didn't have the spring training feel l've come to love. This really is too far of a drive for me and I truly love the vibe and energy I get from the crowds at older stadiums like Phoenix Muni and Tempe Diablo and even Hohokam and Scottsdale. This just didn't seem to compare.
4	Beautiful new stadium in Glendale. This was the first time I had been to a Spring training game. The Dodgers were playing the White Sox. It was the day after Manny Ramirez resigned with LA and he made a brief appearance to wave at the fans. The parking was easy and the stadium was really nice. Lots of natural rock all over. The Dodgers clubhouse store was small but packed with a wide variety of items. The lines seemed long though. There were your usual food options...pizza, burgers, hot dogs, sausages, etc. The prices were pretty steep though.I was pretty impressed by the facilities. The highlight for me was seeing Joe Torre & Don Mattingly though.
5	Had a really great experience here for my first time at a spring training camp for any team. I think Frank McCourt did the right thing to move the facilities close to the fan base in LA. Don't get me wrong, Vero Beach was nice and the place is laced with tradition, but its far and kinda out of the way. Phoenix is about a five hour drive from LA and I will definitely be a spring training participant for years to come. I'm new to getting signatures from players and from what I hear, its almost impossible to interact with players at Dodger stadium. McCourt said he wanted to make sure players and fans interact and have more open spaces for player access and he definitely kept his word. I've gotten more dodger pictures and signatures with players then I ever had during my lifetime thus far.  (20+ signatures and 15+ pictures of current dodgers and dodger greats).The new training facilities is really beautiful and spacious. $5 for parking isn't too bad compared to the ridiculous $15 for parking at dodger stadium. The stadium is not too big which allows for some great seats to view the spring training games. Access to the other practice fields is easy and its great watching what players do during spring training. The team stores are small and don't offer too much. They do share it with the White Sox and that makes it even smaller. Not too big on buying dodger stuff at the stadium stores anyways due to the marked up prices, but I only have one suggestion...please sell team sets of dodger baseball cards. I've been to minor league games and its great to pick up a team set and have the players sign the cards.This place is definitely fan friendly and I had a great time. The definite days to go are during the week. Our departure day was Monday evening, so Monday morning is where I really got to interact with the players the best. I even shagged homerun balls when they took batting practice and got them signed  later when they were on their way to the locker room.
4	The new facility is very nice, with one main stadium and lots of practice fields. The stadium prices are a bit expensive for Spring Training though. There is some shade in the section around home plate, but the outer flanks and outfield are in the hot sun. The berm (lawn) areas offer great views of the field. If you go to a game, I'd go for those tickets, but any seat at the stadium is good. The concessions have several beer options from Pyramid to Fat Tire and of course the yellow-water domestics. There are a few misting fans to help cool off around the stadium but only one fan was actually spraying water mist. Thumbs down for not allowing in and out privileges at the main stadium. I would have liked to check out the practice fields during the middle of the game but this is not allowed.The Dodgers have a yellow rope to control the perimeter of where visitors can go while the Sox don't. You can still get pretty close to the fields though. Manny happened to be doing some BP while I was there so that was cool. You can walk around the facility for free (only the main stadium costs money to get in) so you may catch a free minor league game. The north side parking lot is $5.
4	Had a great time at Camelback watching the Dodgers play Colorado. Temps were a bit warm for spring at 91 degrees, but the whole experience was great.  Parking cost 5 bucks and it was a bit of a walk from our car to the ball park.  We bought tix in the cheap seats but it was pretty easy to switch sections as there were a fair amount of empty seats and the ushers didn't hassle us.Only complaint I have is a lack of shade from the sun for those fans that weren't sitting under the upper deck section behind home plate.  Best part of the day - I caught a foul ball for the first time ever!!
2	Beautiful stadium, great way to get up close to the players, they served Pyramid Hefeweizen and garlic fries, but there were a couple of BIG negatives to the park that seemed to overshadow everything else.The staff was horribly rude. It was a night game so they may have been up past their bedtimes. The parking attendants and seating attendants made sure to let you know that you were on their turf. In addition, when trying to leave the parking lot, I was barked at because I was out side of the car helping my friend back up (we were next to a huge truck) and was apparently standing in the driving lane. If you go, just back up and hope you don't hit any one.The other negative (not as bad) was that it was a mess getting in and out of the park. I would go again because it is a nice stadium, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
4	I'm dinging it one star because it IS the home of the Dodgers and that in itself makes it not perfect. I visited this park yesterday, Sunday, March 29th. A Dodgers vs. Padres game. BEAUTIFUL stadium. I did think it was odd that the main entrance was in center field and not home plate, where I entered. Love the natural, rusted look of everything. Seems very large for a spring stadium. Excited out the center field entrance before game time and explored the practice fields and water features. Awesome area. I think I need a whole day just to see everything out there. We sat on the grass, in left field on the foul side of the foul pole. Great area, beautiful view. Unlike a lot of the other grass area seating at other parks, we could actually see the scoreboard and all the fielders. A thumbs up in my book! All the workers were really nice. I got a hi from most of them just walking by! Can't comment on any of the food/drinks as I didn't spend any money there. I brought in all my own stuff. I was disappointed in the team store. I was looking for something commemorating the first year of the park, like I was able to pick up in Goodyear. Nothing. Would have been nice to have. Really, that's the main reason I wanted to get out there this year, to get an inaugural year souvenir. Great place. If it weren't so far away, I'm sure I'd go more often.
4	Nice, neat and new! We made our way out to Camelback Ranch last week to check out the newness and the sideshow act that is Manny Ramirez.  It's a beautiful facility devoid of advertising cluttering the outfield with Salty Senorita signs, for now anyway.  Really good beer selection, make sure you look for the indiscrete little cart behind the bleachers on the thrid base side: $6.25 for Pyramid, Fat Tire and another microbrew I can't remember, but worth the money when Miller Lite is like $6.  Parking tip: Yes it is $5-6 for parking but make sure you drive past the first entrance and take the Ballpark Blvd entrance.  The parking lot puts you right at the home plate entrance and right behind player parking.  Easy in, easy out.
4	What's better than a lovely afternoon of spectacular weather, baseball and a not-so-healthy dose of hot dogs and beer? I dare say nothing! Camelback Ranch is a great new spring training facility with all the bells and whistles you would hope for in a nice, brand-spanking-new ballpark.  Everything was clean, tidy and well laid out. There were plenty of concession stations, vendors and even a team shop. Parking was a little odd -- we thought we missed the first parking entrance, but luckily kept going and turned into the main parking area, which was much closer to the entrance.  Newness aside, I've been to a few other spring training facilities in the West Valley, and I'd say Camelback Ranch is at par with them. Basically the same layout -- although it seemed like Camelback Ranch didn't have as much covered seating as other facilities, which isn't a big deal when you are enjoying 80 degree weather.  All in all, a great new springing training venue that is a wonderful addition to the other ones in the Valley.  I'll definitely be back next season.
5	Absolutely beautiful stadium!  My first time at Spring Training, and won't be my last!  The building lies low and flat, mimicking the desert terrain, almost highlighting the mountains behind it.After we parked, no one harassed us for tailgating in the lot like in Dodger Stadium.We walked about 5 minutes to the entrance, which would seem far if we weren't so distracted by the pretty winding water and the dozens of fish splashing around.No cupholders was the biggest complaint we (and others) noticed.  An employee heard and told us they were planning on installing them.Saved them from losing a star!Seats were good, we were in the sun the whole time, where as behind home was shaded in the afternoon.  Bathrooms were clean.  Bartenders were fast and polite.  Several LOUD vendors were so distracting yelling about lemonade, the crowd seemed a bit annoyed.Fat Tire was my beer choice, and get the pulled pork and chicken sandwiches, both w/ onions.Boyfriend got Matt Kemp's autograph.  Russell and Manny didn't come over to sign anything, so we finally gave up and left... then we were leaving almost an hour after the game, sitting in traffic and who rolls up next to us... MANNY Fucking RAMIREZ !!!He drove up right next to us in his white Escalade with tinted windows, rolled his window down and said hi!  My boyfriend jumped out, got the autograph on his ball, and a picture!   An LA moment in Phoenix.
1	This place is flat out terrible and cannot hold a candle to the East Valley ballparks. I don't know where these 4-star reviews are coming from.1.) You are forced to park on premesis which means you have to pay for parking. Other stadiums let you park about town and walk without fear of getting a ticket, etc.2.) The walk from the parking lot to the stadium is very long. If you go to the game without a ticket you will need to park and then head back out into the street to find people selling tickets (they aren't allowed to sell on stadium property) and then walk back to the stadium where you just came from. At other stadiums you park and then walk by numerous people selling tickets by the time you reach the stadium entrance. 3.) It is not handicap accessible. After parking you walk down a long gravel winding path which would be hell in a wheelchair or arduous on crutches. It could be arduous for the elderly period. It winds around a lake that looks more fake than any of the man made lakes in Tempe.4.) It's a new stadium built to look old, but not vintage.Rust colored metal reminiscent of a ski resort or a Colorado lodge. A far cry from when Baltimore built the Ballpark at Camden Yards to look vintage.5.) Bad value.Ticket prices were the highest I experienced. Maybe the others raised theirs too and I didn't realize it, but I've gotten better seats at Giants, Cubs and Angels games for less money.This place looks like a college campus, which it pretty much is for two baseball teams. Angles, Cubs and Giants offer better value and a better game day atmosphere.Go back to Vero Beach and take the White Sox with you. If one's not a Dodgers or Pale Hose fan how could anyone honestly say this is a fan-friendly spring training facility?There's too much in the East Valley for me to venture out that far again.
4	First Friday of spring training and it's 70+ degrees. Free parking an f-16 flyover and a fun game between the dodgers and white sox. This is a great park lots of lawn seats and a good amount of infield box seats. I love this addition to our spring training parks in the valley.
5	Let me start by saying that the guy named Craig Z. must be a Cub fan because everything he said about the park is a total lie. You are not forced to park on any premise for any ball park anywhere in the world. If that was the case then just don't go butthead. Secondly if you get there early enough just like with any other stadium then you can park close and the walk is about 100 yds to the gate...if that. Scalping or Selling of tickets is not even allowed at the stadium...the only place you will find people selling tickets is 2 miles up the road near the expressway...and trust me no one is buying them.If your going to give a negative review Craig Z, then you should at least tell the truth you moron. Look this is the cream of the Crop of Arizona Cactus League Stadiums. The sight lines for the games are excellent...the Berm area is immaculate, and even the food is not badly priced considering it is a spring training ballpark. The players are very good about giving autographs (i got 4 myself when i went last night) and for those who have been to U.S. Cellular Field in Chicago they even use the same great introduction here. So if you want a great spring training experience for friends and family...your final destination should be at this stadium. Eat, Drink, and be Merry here at Camelback Ranch my friends!!!!!
4	Such a treat! (granted I have no other spring training experience for comparison) but tickets were decently priced, parking is free and close by, the venue is nice. Its a small intimate opportunity for fans to enjoy a game up close.
5	I don't know what it is about this place that brought out the FUN in all of us that went. We had such a good time with friends and family. I cant wait to go back next year. We came to see the DODGERS. Fans could be up close to the players. Its more family oriented than the stadium. The prices are almost the same as the stadium prices. Lots of energy, great vibe, fun environment!
4	We went to the game against the Milwaukee Brewers on 3/25/10 and had a great time (and not just because the Dodgers won).  We arrived early enough to walk around outside the whole stadium and see the practice fields.  We even saw Tommy Lasorda, himself, outside at a table giving autographs!Parking was free (sort of; it was included in the price of the tickets), and we were able to park close because we were early.  Traffic leaving was "typical Frank McCourt" style, meaning that it could have been better.  Exiting traffic was set up to force us out in the wrong direction, so it was good to have the car's GPS guide us back to the freeway.We were surprised to see that not all of the food/drink stands were open, but I think they had only sold about 60-70% tickets for that game (Thursday 1:00 game).  There was plenty of berm (grass) seating.  We had splurged for premium seats ($42 each) for the game, and were almost right behind home plate in the seats that had seat cushions and cup holders.  My BF was very pleased with the beer selections (Full Sail and Deschutes, not just the typical Miller and Bud offerings).  They finally brought in Dodger dogs this year - boiled with short buns, nothing special.  I still prefer them grilled.Stadium staff was all very friendly, esp the beer guy in our section who said my BF looked like some movie star.  On behalf of the concession staff... FRANK, GIVE THEM SOME SHADE!  The beer/food stands outside of the actual buildings only had slatted roofs, so no sun protection at all, and no misters.  The poor people were totally roasting, and that was annoying to see.One odd thing about the Stadium is that it faces SE, which puts every single seat in the sun during day games.  Wear a hat and bring your sunblock.  Lots of sunblock.All in all, it was a very nice experience, and we're glad we went to the game and to Camelback Ranch.  Only a 5.5 hour drive from home, we'll probably do it again.
3	Nothing special here when compared to the other spring training parks built in the last 10 years.The only difference is that tickets cost twice as much as any other park.A majority of the parking is very far away and requires walking through the practice fields.Because of the parking problem we were a few minutes late.  The national anthem began playing, but the security guards and ticket takers didn't pause for the anthem.  Very disrespectful.EDIT: the ticket prices are somewhat better now.  The first year they opened there were tickets for at about $46 (pre-fees) (if I recall correctly) that are now $41 (pre-fees).  A comparable seat at Peoria Sports Complex is $26 (pre-fees).
1	Very horrible experience just getting to and from the game.Despite leaving Peoria (18 miles away) an hour before gametime, we were stuck in the traffic just trying to get off the freeway for this exit, and with all the traffic, didn't make it into our seats until the end of the second inning.  (That's 80 minutes of travel in 18 minutes after 6 PM.)  The cones they used to try and get us to the overflow dirt parking lot (NOT the center field lot, this was down right field, behind the Sox training fields) were trying to force too much traffic into too thin a lane, and I ended up bouncing off a curb which showed many battle scars from cars in the past.After the game, traffic was bad again, but this time we were forced to take a right heading west on Camelback into the middle of nowhere, with no signage or help to get back to the freeway.  I may have an iPhone, but I'd rather not have to try and get new directions while driving, thank you.Oh, and this was on a night of 3/4's capacityThe stadium itself is nice enough.  There's not much shade in the day games, and the grass berms in the outfield don't go up as high as in other newer parks.  The grandstand seats are not sloped very highly, though, so if you sit behind a tall person you may have a lot of leaning to do to see the game.I would've given the stadium three-stars, but the horrendous experience getting to the park and out make it a one.  Save some time and money, and go see some of the many other nice parks in Arizona.
5	I'm not a Sox or Dodgers fan, but we like baseball and when taking an almost 2 year old to a baseball game, it helps when even the lawn isn't packed. We went to a Sox game today with friends and sat in the lawn and had a great time. No lines for restrooms, clean, great for kids. Just bring a blanket and sunscreen and enjoy. Parking is on premisis and free.
1	First, if your a Dodgers fan you will love this park.  I'm a STL fan and love the game of baseball in general especially spring training.We went to the Friday night game and watched the Dodgers and the Giants.  It was a good game and I enjoyed hanging out with the family in the lawn seats.  There was over 11,000 fans at the game.The game start time was 705PM and I don't recommend going to a night game here.  Getting to the ballpark is a hassle during this time because you are going to get caught up with rush hour traffic. The concession stands had long lines at least until the 4th inning.  The prices were typical of a major event.  Food was decent.  I enjoyed chicken tenders and fries for $6.75.  At the end of the game they had a post game fireworks show.  It was awesome and I think it takes place on Friday's if there is a night game.Overall, I won't be attending this ball park again for spring training.  It doesn't give you the spring training feel.  Its too big. However, It does offer an up close experience to the batting cages, practice fields and the Dodger players around the lake.In closing, the tickets to the games are too expensive for a spring training game and it doesn't even offer a spring training experience.
5	Nice job! These folks did themselves proud. I visited 3 parks during a two day trip to Spring Training and this was by far the best.  Great design and layout. Good food choices, not just hot dogs. And free parking? Bonus!
4	1st visit today and this MASSIVE Sports Complex is a WINNER!  Start with the free, yes free paved parking lots right next to the stadium, ( only spring stadium in Az. Or FLA. That offers that), and then the open air, multiple grass seating locations and you have a wonderful ballpark for games........IN ADDITION, there must be 10 additional fields, including exact replicas of Dodger Stadium in LA & White Sox park in Chicago so if these teams fail it will not be for lack of spring facilities!  Location is right off the 101 loop, (which if I could review highways, the 101 Loop around Scottsdale/ PHX is the BEST HIGHWAY SYSTEM I have ever used.....so easy to find anywhere!!).....all in all a nice place, nothing fancy, a great value, typical ballpark food/drink and a solid 4 out of 5!
5	This place was awesome!  Free parking and seats as cheap as $10.  Good food options and you can actually get DODGER DOGS here!!!  The souvenir stand prices are outrageous though!  Sixty dollars for a woman's t-shirt??? Are you fucking kidding me?!?  Nice facility though, with decent access to coaches and players down on the practice fields.  I highly recommend it!
5	I always have a good time and appreciate the fact that we can bring food and drinks to save money. All the employees are super helpful and don't fake the smile on their faces. They love to work there. Best cactus league stadium!
5	GORGEOUS STADIUM!  Parking was fast and FREE! Dodger fan and this stadium is top of the line!  AWESOME views and Great baseball!!
4	Camelback Ranch helped host an outing for my work - a Dodgers Spring Training Game.  This is a lovely venue! Beautifully maintained, great service, lots of food vendors, and the perfect size - there isn't a bad seat, even on the lawn!The sales staff were easy to work with and very accommodating for large groups to purchase a bulk amount of tickets.  The Center Field Courtyard had entertainment, fast pitch, and a team store, lots to see and do for the baseball fan.Only con was the parking issue - if the main lot fills up, parking is on the other side of the practice field - a hike to the stadium, but there are complimentary shuttles available.I would definitely recommend hosting a group outing here!
3	I'm reluctant to give this 3.  More of a 2.5.   Me and the lady friend had an awful time / experience here.  First, and this is a big warning to anyone driving in, there is only ONE WAY into the stadium, and that's on Camelback Road.  Between the freeway off ramps, waiting on Camelback road and confusing parking, we lost an hour + of our lives, and we missed the first inning.  I hate missing all the hoop-la (even in Spring Training) before the game starts...  I will say we went to a night game & rush hour didn't help!Anyway, once you park, it's a long walk through the practice grounds to get to the stadium.Once you are inside, things got a bit better.  I woofed down a dodger dog, a staple of Dodger food in L.A. - a footlong dog with yellow mustard, but the beer selection stunk!  The dodgers share this stadium with the Chicago White Sox, and between the two, there were no local micro beers or even any good ones from anywhere else.  There was even a "special beer area" on the program, but it was sponsored by Budweiser.  No thanks.The outfield doesn't feel like there is a lot of room for fans, but at least the fans that packed the stadium were into it.  Dodger fans are all about their team, and it was energizing to be around people watch the game because they love it.We did walk around, and the building itself is amazing.  But, architecture will never trump experience at a ball game.Final note - I was born a Cubs fan.  I might be a little bias about anything the White Sox play in...* This spring training, I took on an aggressive goal.  Go to all 10 Spring Training Parks & see all 15 teams in one spring training season, and do it all on the weekends (FRI-SUN).  This review is a part of 10 total reviews.
4	Sorry, had to deduct a star because it's freakin EXPENSIVE for lawn seats. Really Glendale? You're gonna charge $13 for lawn seats? It's a BEAUTIFUL facility! Plenty of grass, plenty of seats, plenty of shade, and a plethora of food choices... all which perfectly align with the baseball experience.
4	Love the facility, we grabbed some grass seats and even found a bit of shade.  The parking is free which is great, and we paid $13 for lawn seats but I think it's because the Diamondbacks were there (a lot of the parks charge a premium when the Dbacks play).  We grabbed some hot dogs that were delicious.  There are a ton of vendors all priced on par for the other parks for Spring Training.  Free parking is awesome but I wish it was set up a bit better.  The lot is really a mess so it's hard to get around.  Also I want to remind who ever books the national anthem singer, the national anthem is not a joke and should be treated with respect...ALWAYS.
5	The venue is beautiful, 10 times better than the SF Giants Venue in Scottsdale.
3	Really nice facility. Great family fun. Watch out for the pig in the bathroom!
5	Well you can say that I'm a little biased but this is one of the best spring training facilities around. The tickets were decent price for great seats. There were many concession stands, bathrooms and services in the stadium were amazing. the make up of the complex was well thought out and having fields that are exact replicas of Dodger Stadium and US Cellular Field will help out the Dodgers and White Sox in there development. Just a great place to spend a spring at! Go Blue!
4	Great place to see a game, especially if you're a Dodger fan!  But, it doesn't get 5 stars; no cup holders at the seats.
4	Went to the Ranch for the first time and it was'nt baseball lol, I attended the "Rumble at the Ranch" MMA fights that Trilogy MMA had out there on the 23rd. The park is awesome great venue food was good seating was great, and the field looks immaculate now that I know where this place is I'll definately go back and catch a game or two..
5	This seriously is the nicest most beautiful stadium I have been in. I went to spring training game with my girl & we were both so impressed with the layout & design of everything in this complex. First I can not describe how clean everything is here. From the restrooms to the seats to the food areas. Speaking of food, this place puts the dodger dog to shame! Here the dodger dog is huge!! & grilled not steam like dodger stadium plus wrapped with bacon. The parking is great if you know the trick, park in the back cuz it's the parking lot closest to the field & where the players parking lot is. I wanna come back next year how great it is
5	less then 10 bucks to see a dodger game, and it's comparable to 40 and above seats at dodger stadium. Now what can beat that!?! Also you don't have to worry about "Los Doyers" fans either!!! lol
4	I visited Camelback Ranch back in it's debut season...it sure is nice lookin'. It actually almost felt too nice for a baseball stadium. Went to a Cubs/Dodgers game back in the day when Zambrano wasn't such a head case...it was nice, we won :) I was pretty hungover so I didn't drink (maybe only a beer or 2), eat, or move much from my lawn seat. Camelback Ranch is pretty big, and you will be walking a lot so I don't recommend being hungover when coming here. The parking lots are a hike. The stadium is large and clean. The bathrooms weren't crappy. The prices on food/beer were perfect (even though I didn't eat, I remember all of the prices were very reasonable). The ticket prices are a little high for a spring training game, you can sit in the lawn for 1/2 the price of sitting in the seats. I'd recommend that, but show up early to get a good spot (bring a towel or blanket)All in all, a too clean stadium for a baseball game...but me likes! Remember to wear your walkin' shoes!
3	I saw the Cubs spank the White Sox 5-1 this past Friday afternoon so that adds a star to this review. The parking and the flaggers are organized so I'll add another star for this place. Note to Cubs, this is how you should handle parking. The parking is free, add another star. The stadium is walkable and beautiful with great sight lines so I'll add one more star. The food is a good value for what you get so I'll add another star. Take away two stars for the lack of food outlets and the unreasonably long lines waiting to order the food.
4	Sox and Dodger fans, your stadium might be the furthest West then all the rest, but at least they built you one that was state of the art! It might be a long hike to get to 10710 W Camelback, but once there I was pleasantly surprised. The stadium itself is brand new, clean as can be with comfortable seating, plenty of shade and an extensive grass area for those who want some rays. In addition, I noticed a second level with seating and what looked like skyboxes. A stadium is only as good as the experience, and for watching baseball this is a great spot. For amenities, they had plenty of beverage stations including options like the Vegas style yard glasses full of a cocktail. For food, they offer the Hawaiian noodles that seem to be at every stadium, kettle corn, Chicago-style hot dogs and Italian ice. I wish they offered a couple more varieties and possibly some ice cream, so for that I docked a star. However, it's a beautiful stadium and definitely worth visiting if you are a fan of either team or feel like a drive!
4	Free parking! The stadium is nice and cozy. Great views of the game from anywhere. The only thing that would make it better would be if they didn't share with the White Sox, that way they could give the complex a Dodgertown touch. They could also use more food options. Plus it would be nice if they had somewhere to show the lineup.
2	This was my first and tomorrow will be my last for a while....  The reasons:The list is long:- Parking (Cluster F on how this works and how FAR you end up parking.- Lack of signage/direction into the park and around the park until you're IN the park...- LACK OF SHADE - this park is turned with home being... get this NW so there is very little seat selection that gets or will get shade.- Pricing, they are the highest (I think)- Concession stands - don't get me started, I walked away after missing an entire inning and was still 6 people back!- Traffic OUT of there.... enough said.... after tomorrow's game (since we already have tickets and I love baseball) it will be a LONG time before I go back, maybe for a night game..
1	I base my rating on the first and last impression of this venue. Parking. Plan for an hour to get in and at least an hour to get out. We will never be back. This venue should be embarrased. Venues double the size can get patrons in and out faster.
1	Good Stadium, good complex, but if you show up at around gametime and have to park in the back...they will make you wait for the people in the front parking to leave. I left at the end of the 8th mostly because of the time to be able to see the UM game in the tourny, I sat still for more than 35 minutes with people getting out of their cars like it was an accident on the I-17. The workers said it was normal when they get that full. lol They let the first spots out and STOP the rest, leaving before the game and being stuck equals bad idea dumbass!! cars were driving up an embankment  to get to another road, that bad! get a clue parking attendants. closing off an area to leave is a very bad idea. 40 minutes till I moved!!!
3	Today (3/17/2012) at Camelback Ranch - Glendale was better, still not my favorite park, but getting there earlier with fewer seats sold does make a real difference.  The concessions seemed to have their act more together today as well.
4	One of the newer parks for spring training, this one has it all. You have good access to players via the bullpen areas and a great view of them warming up. You can feel the speed from those pitches. They'll throw you balls pretty often.There is plenty of grass seating not only in the outfield, but a little section in each corner down the 1st and 3rd baselines. The concessions are a plenty although the workers seem to be a bit slow. That is the only thing keeping this place form being a 5 star.The players leave to the corners of the field so camp yourself out there if you want autographs and such. You can't go wrong with Camelback Ranch!
4	If my memory serves me correct, this stadium has the same design as Scottsdale Stadium, it's just way WAY west. I was very pleased with this stadium and its surroundings. If I lived out there this would be my go-to Spring Training facility, but since I don't, I'll only go when one of the Dodgers gets me free tickets. Great place, one of the tops I've been to. Check it out!
4	Great facility, parking and traffic are nothing compared to the Peoria Sports Complex because there is not a thousand business's nearby (that alone makes it better).  We had lawn seats with the kids which is great but if you want shade in the afternoon sit lower level sections 9-14 in any row above 10 or the upper level is completely shaded on a warm day.  Plenty of decent ballpark food, and its the Dodgers stadium....what else is there?
4	This place is cool and modern and a great place to take in a game on the West side. It's pretty easily accessible from the 101 and their parking set up is pretty efficient. There's not a bad seat in the house really and concession stands are pretty easily accessed regardless of where you're seated, which is great when you finish your beer.Of the three venues I hit during Spring Training this year (Peoria, Surprise and Camelback Ranch), this was my favorite by far. The only downside to my outing here: Angels versus Dodgers rained out in the 5th inning. REALLY A DOWNER!!!!!
4	I found my way out to Camelback to check out a Dodgers/Brewers game.  On the map, this park appears to be in the middle of nowhere.  I was surprised the drive wasn't too terribly long and the park was easy to find.  And free parking!  Awesome.Camelback is clean and has a sleek vibe.  Plenty of seats as well as great lawn room.  Fantastic vendors throughout the park.  Two dry good stores.  Easy bathroom access.Although I'm not a Dodgers/White Sox fan, I would certainly return to Camelback just to visit the park.  Very lovely and enjoyable!
5	What's not to love about Camelback Ranch?? I'm a Dodgers fan so of course I'm going to love it here. Been coming here for the past 3 years for spring training. Love the way it's set up and you get to see the players practice in the outer fields before the game starts (get there early!). It's great because you get some great pics of the players. Love the food. Yummy lemonade!! Great seats anywhere and easy to get to. It does get hot in Phoenix so we got up a couple times to stand under the shade. Will be coming back for sure. They have Dodger dogs!!! :))) NOTE: Do not park in the dirt parking lot when you first come up on the ranch. It is pretty far from the entry and when you leave at the end of the game, you will be stuck in the parking lot for a LONG time. Keep going down the street and you will find closer parking to the ranch. Have fun!!
5	I absolutely loved visiting this stadium, even though it the Dodger's training facility, but really it's only half theirs.  Anyway, came to see my SF Giants play the Sox (White).  First of all, free parking!  Yay!  Anything free is great.  The grounds are beautiful with nice scenery as you walk to the stadium.  It's a bit of a walk if you are carrying stuff, just FYI.  We purchased lawn seats, which were only $10, a steal to what we paid at the Scottsdale Stadium!  We were advised by fans in the parking lot to buy lawn seats then find an empty seat later.  $10 entrance is well worth the money.  First of all, sitting on the lawn is not bad at all!  You can get really close to the outfield and you get an excellent view of the players and the bullpen.  I was lucky enough to catch Bruce Bochy signing autographs just before the game!  He was walking from the bullpen to the dugout and stopped for the fans along the way!  Ok back on track, what I like about this stadium is how open it is, so if you get up to go the bathroom or to get a soda, you can still see the game!  How brilliant!  And if it's too hot there's plenty of shade between first base and third where you can just hang out and watch under the fancy seats and what must be a clubhouse above you.  Best of all, the food options here are wonderful!!  Definitely visit the burrito and taco stand.  For $9 you get a monster burrito or tacos, made to order, your choice of carne asada, or chicken, or both!  It's such a deal and the best stadium food I had on this trip!  They have the hot dogs, sausages, Island noodles, and all the other crap, but I exhausted those options at the other games.  The stadium is clean, beautiful and modern.  There are plenty of stalls in the bathroom, so no waiting, and it's very clean!!  I was very impressed that they actually played walk-up music for each White Sox player!  That's as good as you get to the regular season!  I look forward to coming back!
4	While this place is simply gorgeous, it is almost too big to believe it is a Spring Training facility. True, it is shared by two teams and thousands of Dodger fans flock her every year since moving over from Florida, it has more of the AAA feel to it. The screen is better than some of the older Major League stadiums in fact. If you're not staying in Glendale, the trip out there can be a bit brutal. A cab ride from Phoenix will cost you a pretty penny and they sure don't stop the meters when you're stuck in traffic both getting into and out of the stadium. However, once inside, you will find a newer stadium that is truly able to service the needs of a much larger crowd than at any of the other Spring facilities.
4	Went  and saw the Dodgers Vs. Diamondbacks yesterday with a group of coworkers and friends yesterday, my job was one of the sponsors of the game, so it was fun just hanging out and having good time. I have to say, it was my very 1st spring training game! I was very impressed with Camelback Ranch, what a pretty looking facility, good seats, lawn seats looked comfortable too, and skyboxes too! Everywhere you walked you could find some sort of food item being sold.  I also liked that they allowed you to bring in a bottle of water too!   I wound up ordered a Chicago dog & cherry ice.Had a good time, enjoyed just checking out the facility. Don't know if I would be back, baseball just isn't my thing, but none the less still had fun!
3	Way too expensive for the worst food I've ever tasted. Luckily, I didn't pay for the tix. Unfortunately, I paid almost $100 for the opportunity to eat something akin to salted dog doo doo.
4	Camelback Ranch is home to the Dodgers and White Soxs. Easy drive from Scottsdale and free parking! The walk to the stadium is beautiful with curving paths around flowing water and practice fields all around. The stadium is very open and spacious. Did I mention clean? Everything in AZ felt so clean. Not sure if it was just me.  Food selection was great...you can get a Dodger dog and a Chicago style dog and there was AZ craft beer! Finally! The other stadiums need to step it up.  Great stadium to watch a game on a sunny day.
3	This stadium is in the middle of nowhere...I came to watch some Minor league game between the Dodgers and the Royals and seriously had a hard time finding their field. From where my GPS took me, it was all the way in the back of a sandy, dusty piece of land. I actually first parked..and then walked to where the Sox were having games. I got situated under a tree where the only shade was available...and then later on realized...shoot. it's not the Royals and the Dodgers. However. i got to score to check out on some really cute players... ha!So i drove and tried to find the Dodgers' area....and unlucky me.... NO SHADE at all. the bleacher seats for watchers isn't covered. It was hell....However....it's definitely more maintained than the Surprise Stadium i think. But please.... have mercy on guests and maybe have some vending machines...
4	I'm giving Camelback Ranch Four Stars for it's great venue!  It's magnificent. It's really hard not to love Camelback.  The sight lines for all the seats are great!   We've been here a number of times each year since they opened and have always had a fun time.  The only drawback to a Five Star rating is the rather full price you pay once you are in the stadium and the extra distance you drive to get there.  Yes, the parking lot is still free, but It's like you are paying Chicago, or Dodger Stadium prices when it's time to buy some food.  Or maybe, is it a tax that has been tacked onto the concessions to help the City of Glendale pay for the park?   You see, the Peoria Sports Complex is just a few miles further north and they are much more reasonable on the pocketbook and a lot easier to get to from the 101.  Yes, we'll be back next year.  However, since all the teams in the Cactus League play each other during Spring Training, we'll try and stay closer to home.  I also would encourage you to hit the ATM before you get here. LOLEnjoy the game!
5	Let's go Dodgers, Let's go!!!Happened to be in AZ for a wedding the same weekend the Dodgers had Spring Training.  We were fortunate to be able to catch a game.  After all you can't be in AZ during Spring Training, and not stop by.  The stadium is fairly small.  I'd say, maybe the size of a HS stadium.  It was nice to pay a dirt cheap rate and be sitting almost on the field.  But I'd caution to watch for fly balls.  A kid of pelted on the head near us, then during the same at bat, a woman took on the arm.  But I blame her husband.  He had a baseball glove and took cover in the other direction.  The food is the same price as Dodger's Stadium, but nothing to complain about.
5	After many...MANY MONTHS, its almost time for DODGER BASEBALL!! From October to mid-February, I had to fill my sports appetite with basketball. When I got an e-mail from the Dodgers to register for tickets for Spring Training.....I WAS ON my A-GAME. I have visited Dodgers Stadium and Isotopes Park. I can finally mark, Camelback Ranch off my list.I attended the first three games of the 2013 Spring Training Seasons with the Chicago White Sox and the Chicago Cubs. The first game was going to have the most crowd because of everyone showing up including the NEW owners from the Guggenheim Partners. Camelback Ranch is quite new and very scenic. It is home, not just for the Dodgers, but to the Chicago White Sox. Access to Camelback Ranch is very easy and FREE PARKING! You have multiple ways to access the park: Straight into the stadium or take a very beautiful walk to the training fields. Bags will be checked. The big item is the water bottle. Only 1 Liter, but they may let it slide if you have more. No Can Sodas! I had tons of baseballs and they were wondering if I was going to throw all of them in the field. Nah, just purely for autographs. It would be funny if I did, but I would be banned. The landscape is just marvelous with a canal running through and the multiple fields for other teams. You can watch the pitchers, major hitters, and/or watch players work on their techniques. You can try to grab players autographs behind the metal fence and some of them will slip by you. So, you better be READY!After you are done watching the players, you can enter the park. You can re-enter the park if you need to. They will exit your ticket and re-enter it in their system. There is a team store for both the Dodgers and White Sox. The park is so clean, you wouldn't realize you were there for a game...until you hear the announcer call the players. I've had front row seats on the Dodgers Side and got a couple of Dodgers Autograph. There is an All-You-Can-Eat Patio Section on the left field. It is much more classier than the All You Can Eat Pavilion at Dodger Stadium. I had great views of the Dodger Legend, Sandy Koufax and current Dodger Pitchers. You have the basic items: hot dogs, chips, popcorn, and peanuts with soda. I ate so much that I didn't even have room for ice cream....Until the next day that is....lol.I've met a couple people at Dodger Stadium such as Dean who is an user at Section 27, Stephanie, one of the security at the gate, Melissa, host at the All You Can Eat Patio, and Jose, another host at the All You Can Eat Patio. Without these wonderful people who represent, not just the Dodgers, but Camelback Ranch, the experience wouldn't be the same. It would feel like the old Dodger Days and I am sure a lot of you don't want those days to come back.Dodger Stadium, Isotopes Park, and Camelback Ranch are just simply amazing. I've had great moments at every baseball venue and I...SO...can't wait to go back. April 1st is the Dodger Home Opener and can't wait for those words: It's Time for Dodger Baseball!Yelp is my Review, My Story, and My Life. It's time to share it.
5	I'm gonna have to bite my tongue and just call it like it is despite being a big SF Giants fan and an big Dodger hater.  This is the best Spring Training facility in Arizona.  It embodies what one thinks of when spring training comes to mind: laid back, nice weather, fun, leisurely, and ball players close up near the fans.The park is very intimate and there's not a bad seat in the park.  If there was a negative, it would be the distance it is from Scottsdale.  It's about a 25-30 minute.For a spring training facility, the cost of the tickets are very reasonable.  For seats along the 3B line, you can pay is little at $11-$15/ticket.  Also, the volunuteers are very friendly.Was the best Spring training experience and look forward to seeing another Giants/Dodgers Spring training game here.
5	As a Dodgers' fan; Camelback Ranch is baseball heaven. CBR is one of the two newest Spring Training facilities in the Cactus league with only the DBacks' Salt Rivers Field at Talking Stick and the soon to be finished Cubs' facility in Mesa that will open in time for Spring Training 2014. With that said, you can easily tell the difference between CBR and the other, older facilities in the Cactus league. The score board looks brilliant, the grass/fields are well maintained, the concessions are plenty and the parking is free. Yes, the tickets are a little more expensive compared to the other teams in the Cactus league but  for obvious reasons. The park is one of the newer ones, the fan base is a mere 5-6 hours away, and the team is under some unwarranted hype. We sat 4 rows behind home plate and paid only $35 a ticket, compared to the other park we visited Peoria Sports Complex which is 20 years older and charged a modest $28 dollars for field level seats (they also charged $5 for parking). This was my first time making the trip to CBR and I had a blast. For a mere $35 dollars I saw Kemp/Gonzalez no more than 10 feet away from me, I saw Tommy Lasorda in the Dodgers' dugout and watched the GM New Colletti throw a foul ball back to the crowd from his press box. I won't be a complete homer and say the park is perfect because there is nothing perfect in the world. I wished that each of the concessions stands would have their entire selection of beer on tap because at CBR the beer selection is scattered across the entire park. Also, the gift shops leave a lot to be desired. The prices are the same at Dodgers' Stadium but the selection is terrible. Both gift shops had very little to offer in terms of fan gear as well as souvenirs of the park. I was ready to splurge at the team store but left with nothing. Yes, the park is a little further away than the other teams. But that is not necessarily a bad thing because it means you will not have to contend with traffic nor parking issues. We went 30 minutes before the game and basically parked in front of the gate. It's in the Glendale suburb of Phoenix a little past where the Arizona Cardinals play. I think even if you are a fan of another club, it is worth a trip to check out CBR. You will not regret it.
4	Just got back from CBR. This was our first outing here, and first time ever to spring training. We are huge Dodgers fans, and I gave a miniplan to my husband for Christmas, so we have been looking forward to the trip for three months! On the whole, CBR is darn nice, but there is definitely room for improvement, as there is with Dodgers Stadium. I know the new regime is working to make it better, so I hope they read these reviews and take it to heart. I also will be penning a letter to CBR directly. Seriously, if you don't tell someone what's wrong, how can they fix it?First, CBR is easy to get to off the freeway or even on surface streets. Glendale is a lovely area. My husband grew up in Phoenix, and it's a well-planned city, not like LA!The facility is easy to get into, although it would benefit from more than one entrance/exit, but that can come in time. We showed up Thursday afternoon for the game, and parked so close to the entrance. The stadium holds about 15,000 people, but on a Thursday, there were only 3800, so that would explain the easy parking. We had great seats at a great price, but got there in time to see the game and not walk around the park or see batting practice at the fields. The stadium is beautiful and easy to walk around and find seats. All the employees were extra nice, and gave us great information, save for some of the parking people, who (on subsequent days) had no idea about where the public could park. I chatted with a lot of the ushers and security people, and even the head of security was nice.The worst thing about the park is the food and food service. We wanted some Dodger Dogs about the third inning. There are only a handful of food stands in the park, and not all of them are open all the time. We ordered two dogs and nachos...and it seemingly took forever for them to go away and come back. Finally, when the guy came back he said the nacho cheese wasn't ready. Really? Um, you knew there was a game today, right? How about you start the cheese machine BEFORE people arrive so it's ready when we get there. Plus it was the third inning! So we passed on those, and said just get the dogs. That took another two minutes. It seems as if the servers have no idea where the food is, and they all seem to fight with each other and the kitchen. I admit Dodger stadium is not treat, but at the least the dogs are there and ready to sell. Plus when we got the dogs, they were HORRIBLE. They weren't cooked or even warm! For $5 for a dog, even a crappy dodger dog, at least pretend to cook them! Then Friday night, it was raining and freezing cold. They finally called the game in the 4th inning (we will get a refund because it didn't go 4.5), but everyone was cold. I inquired at the one open stand for coffee or hot chocolate, but they didn't sell it and weren't sure if any of the outlets did. Amazing that they don't sell coffee???!! I don't know who does the concessions, but they need to be fired and start all over with someone who cares about the fans and the good name of the Dodgers. Even on Saturday the food was just as bad. The only good food at the stadium was the Island Noodles. They weren't cheap ($8.50), but hot and tasty.Okay, enough about the bad food. The rest of the experience was pretty good. Saturday we got to the training fields about 8:45 and they opened the gates at 9 am. After standing around until 10:30, the players finally came out and did batting practice, so we got to see a lot of the regulars, get great photos, and even a handful of autographs. Saturday was crazy busy; we would only come again during the week when it's less nuts. Some people are incredibly rude to the players, so I don't blame them for not signing as much. Ted Lilly, Chris Capuano, and Tim Federowicz signed for me, all nice guys. There's not much general information about where to stand or what to look out for. Because we were waiting for some players, we didn't know that Tommy Lasorda was signing at a table by the pond, so missed that. Wish someone would have said something. We'll get him next time.So if you're going, plan to go early and see the players, don't be rude, and eat before the game outside the stadium.
2	Parking here is horrible. Everything is around a perimeter of practice fields. It's a long walk to the actual stadium, and that is no fun with a little kid. Ballpark is fan friendly and players can throw balls to kids from pretty much anywhere.  Good place to go if you are a baseball fan, but there is little shade to protect you in the 80+ degree weather.
4	Great venue and one of the better maintained facilities in the Phoenix area.  It is way far out there, though.   Very well lit for night games.  Food and beverage prices are not outrageous.  The boxes are small but provide a great view on the Dodgers side.  Service in the boxes was excellent.  There is an inner area with tables and TV if you don't want to sit directly outside.
4	Great place to see a spring training game. Easy access, free parking and plenty of amenities.  But, bring your money, they charge Chicago prices for food and beer.  $6.00 for a "Chicago Dog"?
4	First time ever o Spring Training.... This was a road trip adventure....Stadium is nice and clean Anderson everything is very laid back... Including the ushers and the concession stand workers...Talked to a few of them just for chit chat Facilities are good and plenty of restrooms.... It can get really hot but they have portable fans that are huge and you can stand in front to cool off......Parking is free... And if your lucky to park on the grass you can play catch after the game is over to let traffic thin out a little...Great view from the stadium .... We mostly stood up or squatted and empty seat as we got the GA grass seat tickets only 10 bucksAs for the food..... Dodger dogs do not taste the same.....it's the bun...But venture to the visito/white sox side and get the Sonora Dawg... It's Huge and comes wrapped in bacon, topped with beans, green salsa,pics de gallo and sour cream.... Also at this location on first base side the nachos are much better and they pour on a generous portion of cheese unlike the regular concessions....it's near the right field areaDef coming back again next year
5	Great experience, hands down.
4	After living here in the west valley for the last three years, I finally was able to attend a game at Camelback Ranch! Since I am from the Los Angeles area, of course I am a die heart Dodger fan. I was very happy to attend a game when my cousin came down to visit. Stadium is very nice, this in my third stadium to visit here in the cactus league and is one of the better one's. Since I live in Surprise, I am a little biased with Surprise Stadium. But I think Camelback Ranch is a letter better! Seats are very comfortable, very close to the game, and the most important thing is the beer is just up the steps. Only issue I had was during the game, and trying to watch it, the vendors are very loud trying to sell their products. Not the ones walking down the isles, I'm talking about the ones stationed on the walkways!! But overall this is a great experience, and it's never a bad day to watch the Dodgers!!
4	Really nice place.  Came for Dodgers Spring Training game and was impressed with how nice it is.  Even the walk from the car was a nice one.  It's well kept.  The grass lawn inside was comfortable to sit on and really relaxing despite all the people.  And the parking is free??!!  Talk about nice surprise!
3	Unsure.Came here for dog shows.It's okay...
5	So much fun!!  Great park and close proximity to all of the action--no matter where the seats.  And the food was awesome too.  Concessions were reasonable priced.  VERY FRIENDLY STAFF!!
1	Terrible spring training facility. Bad food, seats all the sun, no cup holders. Many better stadiums around greater Phoenix area. Employees are rude and make the experience uninviting.
4	Great community over all.  They have a lot of family events that are nice to attend.  The community really does seem to watch out for each other.
4	The stadium is fantastic. I took off a star for the terrible parking and single exit.
5	A beautiful place to catch a Dodgers game! It's pretty hot during spring training day games so be sure to dress accordingly! You can come before during practice and watch the team practice... If you are patient you can try to get a signature!
1	We've been to several stadiums and Camelback is a very nice one, but the organization of this facility is ridiculous. We had some bad traffic on the way there and arrived about 5 minutes after the first pitch, but it took the parking staff 45 minutes to park us. We didn't get in until the 4th inning!Their parking is always terrible. Be prepared to sit in a long line for about an hour after the game as well. Every other ballpark has figured out how to have multiple exits but this one. Poorly done Dodgers.
5	Been coming to Camelback Ranch since it's first year, always a great time, especially rooting for My Dodgers.Facility is just beautiful, lots of walking spaces to catch practice for both The Dodgers and Chicago White Sox.The stadium is simply amazing, any seat is just great to catch a game. Plenty of restrooms and concession stands with a variety of food & snack choices.Free Parking! Always a plus.
4	We went here to see the Sox lose. The seats are well-shaded and comfortable but the stadium was like a ghost town...they were probably at 30% of capacity. As a result, about half the vendors were closed. This stadium does do neat things like letting the kids run the bases before the games and allow senior citizens to "stroll" the bases afterwards. Parking was easy in, easy out, probably because there were so few people there. Views were GREAT and I was able to get some great shots from right behind home plate.
4	I really can't come up with anything more to say than Camelback Ranch is a beautiful place to see a baseball game. I've been to both MLB and MiLB stadiums, and this is by far one of the most spectacular places to watch a game. The only thing missing is the view of the San Gabriel Mountains that Dodger Stadium features.And that's kind of the thing -- the Dodgers have really outdone themselves here. They've done a lot to bring the Dodger Stadium experience to Glendale. From the food, to the music, to the fans -- it feels like you're in Echo Park rather than in the desert suburbs. Dodger Dogs; even the nacho trays made their way over to Arizona. The only thing missing is the distinct blue hue that Dodger Stadium wears, but given this is a shared complex with the White Sox, that's understandable.The team stores aren't as stocked as those at Dodger Stadium, and they obviously share shelf space with White Sox gear. Still, considering you're in Phoenix, you can't complain. Nothing like seeing droves of beautiful fans in Dodger Blue deep in Diamondback territory.The only real issue here is traffic. With only a two-lane road going into the main complex, traffic can easily back up. Get here early, and prepare to leave late. The one thing that would've made Camelback better -- free WiFi. Verizon is completely unusable in a crowd like this, so my phone was useless during the game.
2	Baseball is more boring in the west valley.  The seats are too far from be field for spring training and there are no real extra amenities for the price of a ticket.  Two stars because they don't have the audacity to charge for parking like some other parks.  Stick with the east valley or surprise for a good spring break experience.
1	We spent more time trying to get in and out of the parking lot than enjoying the game. I love the Sox but sitting here ruins the experience. Larger stadiums know how to move cars without merging so many lanes down to one. We moved 3 feet every 5 minutes. They should consider more exits at least. I'm not coming back.
3	Definitely not my favorite spring training facility. With a few simple upgrades, it could be substantially better.Pros:- Free parking- Tickets are pretty cheap (for White Sox games at least)- You can watch batting practice before entering the park- The architecture in the stadium is pretty cool and uniqueCons:- Whole place reeks of sewage- No cup holders- No lineup you can look at when you enter the park- Pretty much no shade- It's one of the farthest stadiums to go to and in the middle of nowhere- The Dodgers play here
4	Dodgers/white Sox spring training facility....The hubs is a big Doyer fan so we came here for our first spring training game.  Yay:Overall it's a nice field, with a spacious lawn in the outfield to lay out on a blanket and seats close to the infield.  Def. nicer than Doyer stadium but of course smaller.I didn't pay for the tix but hubs said the tickets were cheap, we sat in the third row from first base. Seats are pretty comfy for ballpark chairs.Free parking.You can watch batting practice and get pretty close to the players for pictures and autographs before the game.  We should've come here an hour earlier.Variety of food vendors and I think I even saw some dodger dogs and nachos.  Nay:No cup holders?  What's up with that?The weather wasn't blazing hot since it was March, but it was still 80 degrees and had to slap on tons of sun block with that sun beating against my back.  I can't imagine people sitting here in the summer since there isn't a lot of shade. We left the top of the 7th inning and there was a lot of traffic getting out of the parking lot.  Only 2 lanes in and out of this facility, this def. needs to be fixed.
5	Dodgers. No need to say more. My only issue is the traffic. I recommend arriving early to avoid the usual traffic. The place it's self is pretty and I love the fact that parking is free!
4	Camelback Ranch is a gorgeous stadium shared by the White Sox and the Dodgers (boo). It's not very big, and at high noon...it can be pretty rough sitting on the third base side where the sun will hit you right in the face. I sat on the first base side, but it got pretty intense even with the sun beating down on my back. The lady next to me had intense sunburn on her hand by the third inning. By the sixth, most of the seats were empty...but not cause people left but because most people had made their way to the shaded pavilion.The only gripe I have is that there was no control for when people could make their way to their seats. Many times, I was stuck bobbing my head between families looking for their seats trying to see the next pitch or the batter swing. Some, who were more familiar with game time etiquette made it a priority to squat down or stoop over to avoid blocking more avid fans.Food/refreshments at the ballpark were pretty standard (hotdogs, burgers, pretzels, beer) with standard pricing (6.75 / 9.50 / 4 / 7.50) respectively.
2	Probably my least favorite of all of the Spring Training facilities I've been to, and I come watch my Giants play ball every March.- Most parks have vendors that that unique to them. The ones at Camelback Ranch are the ones you'll find everywhere: Vienna Beef, Carly's Italian Ice, that nasty Lemonade, etc.- The advertised Dodgers Dogs don't taste anything like the dogs I've had at Dodgers Stadium. Lower-quality beef and the standard white bun. Nice try.- Street traffic getting in and out of the facility is one of the worst in the Cactus League.- No cup holders in the seats!- The parking lots are just dusty dirt fields.On the other hand, ticket prices are pretty darned cheap!
4	It's a scorcher to sit in the sun at this ballpark, and there are definitely plenty of sunny spots.  The overhangs here are smaller than other fields so there is less shade to go around.  This causes a lot of people to hang out behind the seats behind home plate.  It becomes very crowded in that area.  When we saw the Cubs/White Sox play the other day, they were directing traffic into the parking areas and making everyone enter from the back of the field, so once you parked, there was a long trek ahead of you to get to the entrance of the stadium.  Last year, the parking situation was faster and easier.  Please go back to your old ways.  We were stuck in more than an hour long line just to park once we exited the 101 on Camelback.  There has got to be a better way!I was worried about how expensive a beer would be there when I saw a vendor selling tiny little Bud Lights for $7.50.  I was relieved when I found a beer tent selling large craft beer for only $8.50!  That's at least $3 cheaper than all other Spring Training facilities.
4	First time here.  Great place and plan to spend a week here next year to check out all the other stadiums.  So different than the hustle and bustle of Dodgers Stadium.  Great to see the casual atmosphere and really enjoyed the whole place.  Yeah, the Dodger Dogs weren't the same, but you're in Arizona.  They hate the Dodgers here!  I got my seats in the shade. I know Arizona sunshine, and it gets hot.  I advise everyone to come here and check it out.  Check the weather forecast for temperatures and bring sunscreen.I had a great time!
3	Camelback Ranch is one of the newest spring training venues in Arizona and the facilities make that obvious. The landscaping, buildings and field look great, and everything has a southwest architectural style. I've been to nearly every spring training venue in the state of Arizona and this park is not my favorite. While there are lots of positives about this park, I would have to say that there are more negatives than positives.There is little to no shade for fans unless you buy tickets for seats directly under the press boxes and that is no good in the Arizona sun. Traffic congestion coming in and leaving is ridiculous, so I hope you have a half hour to an hour of free time both before and after the game. The walk from the south parking lots to the stadium, while scenic, is a monster so bring walking shoes. The food is about the same as any other spring training venue, so don't expect much.There are positives to note other than the facility being so new. There are activities around the park for little kids too include a pay ground, which is nice. I found that if you walk around this park you find decent  deals on beer. There is free parking, which is only offered here and Surprise's stadium. The tickets to the game are generally lower than tickets to other newer parks like the Cubs facility in Mesa.All in all this park is average hence the three stars. It's definitely worth at least one trip, but I would suggest Surprise's stadium for the Royals and Rangers. It's much more fan friendly.
3	The stadium looks nicer in person than it does in pictures online.  I came here during spring training this year to watch the A's play the Dodgers.Unlike other reviewers, I didn't have any issues with parking and traffic.  Getting into the parking lot before the game only took a couple of minutes (got there about 30 minutes prior to the start of the game) and leaving was easy as well (stayed for the entire game).  Parking was free.  Phoenix police officers were providing traffic control after the game.The walk from the parking lot to the stadium is much further compared to at other stadiums.  We walked past the practice fields and had a couple baseballs fly over our heads and land near the pathway while we walked to the stadium.The seats that we had were in Section 105, Row 3 on the first base side.  The view and the proximity to the field were great and the tickets were only $12 apiece.  I'm not sure what anyone else thinks, but I am just not a fan of the tan seats.  It was a hot day and the sea of bright tan seats just made it seem even hotter.Food options at the concession stands were decent.Overall, it's an okay spring training ballpark but not one of my favorites.
4	Overall, a nice visit!We were concerned about traffic, so we got there about hour and half before the game so getting in and parking were fairly smooth.The area behind the seats with the concessions is very wide and open...easy to walk around.  There are quite a few choices for food and drink as well as two nice team stores which stock Dodgers and White Sox items along with general Spring Training shirts and mementos.The view of the field is good from just about everywhere.  It can get pretty hot on a sunny day and most of the seating is not shaded, so you should be prepared.
