4	Ok so I came to this place a few years back and I would have given it a 2 or 1 star review. But things have changed. I like that in a place where it improves. Now Filipino food is not for everyone. But there are things that white people go nuts for like our Lumpia(kinda like egg rolls) and chicken adobo. Fried rice, etc.....Ok so had the veggie lumpias. They were actually really good. This place also makes traditional dishes like kare kare and they make it with seafood(The best way to describe traditional kare kare is oxtail and peanut butter stew. It's actually one of my favorite dishes. My fam ordered the fried bangus(milkfish) and I usually don't eat it. But it wasn't bad....for a fishy fish...Ok so yea I know you guys are skirred. But seriously it's not that bad. I think our staple is our barbeque skewers( Yes beef, chicken or pork) and crispy pata. That's like pork roasted and deep fried to a crisp. Yes. Filipino PRIDE. Pride pish, pride chicken, pride rice! Gotta love it ;)
3	My good pal Damon just moved in to a new place across the street from the strip mall that houses Salo-Salo and we went to try it a few nights ago.  Now, I don't pretend to know much of anything about Filipino food.  I think this was only the 2nd or 3rd time in my life that I had it.  And it was good.  Nothing spectacular, but not bad either.For an appetizer we got fishballs which our other dining companion, Alyson, and I let Damon eat by himself.  I wasn't feeling that brave.  For entrees, we got garlic rice, combo fried rice, pork and chicken skewers and Alyson got tortang hipon which can best be described as a shrimp omelet. I really enjoyed the sauce on the chicken skewer.  It was sweet but not overpowering.  The garlic rice was OK, but the combo rice was awesome.  Alyson's tortang hipon must have been good because it was all gone.The staff was pleasant, but service was slow, and we were sat in the back corner of our own room, which we jokingly named the White Folk Room.I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but if it's nearby it's worth a shot.  The price is right, too.
5	I feel like I'm back home :D
4	who knew there was a Salo-Salo in Vegas???  I luv this place.  the vegas one is pretty nice.  makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.  service was actually ok.  usually filipino restaurants don't have the best service, but this place was ok.  my phone was dying so i had to bust out my tagalog and ask where i can plug my phone in.  they were nice about it and let me charge my phone near the kitchen behind one of the rice cookers.  it was about lunch time but i was cravin some filipino breakfast so i ordered the combo breakfast - longanisa, beef tapa, and pork tocino with some garlic fried rice.  excuse me while i wipe off my drool...longanisa is this sausage thing... i hate eating it 'coz its super fatty and it makes you burp the longanisa taste all day long... even if u eat it for breakfast, you'll be burping it for dinner... but it's just so damn good!  the tapa and tocino are yummy too.  the garlic fried rice was ok.the best part is the dessert. :)  there's no way i can eat at salo salo and not have halo halo [(from Tagalog halo, "mix") is a popular Filipino dessert that is a mixture of shaved ice and milk to which are added various boiled sweet beans and fruits, and served cold in a tall glass or bowl.]it would just be wrong to not have halo halo there.  ok... i'm cravin it even more now....
5	5 stars easily... this place beats out any other Filipino restaurant I have ever been to! I got the recommendation from a friend that frequents Vegas and was he dead on that this place would be a hit.I forget what we ordered but it was off the hook! One of the best things is that it wasnt served all sloppy. The presentation of the seafood platter looked good.I have to make sure I come here whenever im in Las Vegas!
4	My first experience with Filipino food..this place was suggested by a Filipino coworker of mine.   So we decided to give this place a shot after having more than a few beverages at the Freakin Frog.I got the chicken adobo which was very tasty...hard to describe the taste..almost like a garlic kinda gravy but the chicken thigh almost had a turkey quality to it..maybe it was the beer talking but that's what it seemed like and it was damn good.  For $1 extra, I got a beef soup and a bunch of mini egg rolls so the total came to $9.95 for a huge meal.  My wife got an awesome combo platter which included bbq pork, beef, chicken and red snapper (skip the red snapper if you go) which also came w/ rice and egg rolls all for $8.95!!  A steal!!  The setup of the place is pretty nice too.  Almost has an islandy/vacation feel to it if the front blinds are down and you're not looking at the cars going by on Jones :P  Super friendly staff that helped/suggested a bunch of different things for us to try too.
5	Good friend of mine eats there regularly and took me there once while I was in Vegas. The food is good. It's a good place for someone new to Filipino food. The chicken adobo is what I usually get and is great for someone starting out with this cuisine.
5	Calamansi juice is the best refreshment on a hot Vegas morning.  Mmmm.  My fam and I ordered that variety platter of grilled meat - pork, beef, chicken.  Delicious!!  I especially love the fact that they have all the dipping sauces Filipino's need - namely, the soy sauce and vinegar.  Yum!  We also ordered some soup and the pork chops.  I was in heaven.  Why didn't anyone ever tell me about this place before??My dad ordered the halo-halo, which he was impressed with.  I loved that there was a scoop of ube ice cream - I never see that here!  Also, we tried their special dessert - Turon Delight.  It's basically turon (fried banana dumpling) topped with ice cream.  It was good and just enough for 3 of us to split!Service is fast and friendly...and it got pretty packed about half an hour after opening.  (They open at 11am on Saturday, btw.  My fam and I were sitting in the car, waiting for them to open.  How sad.)Oh!  And they serve breakfast all day!!  Chorizo, scrambled eggs and rice anytime you want it??  Nothing beats that!
4	Oh heck yeah I'm a fan.How can you go wrong with deep fried food?Rhetorical question.  Please don't answer that.There was an episode of the Simpson's where Moe decides to convert his bar to a restaurant and purchases a military grade deep fryer.In one scene, they show a complete meal (entree, salad, wine glass, flower in mini-vase all sitting on a tray) being lowered into this scalding hot vat of oil and coming out all crispy golden. That's what I had!And it was all good: fried chicken, fried pork, fried ribs, fried rice, fried fork, fried drinking glass, all served with a side of lechon sauce and/or banana ketchup.After my meal here, I had to eat salad for a week, but it was worth it.And once I've fully drained all this oil out of my system, I'm going back for more -- I'm talking at least a couple months.See you guys in December.
3	i like their torta....... half like their sinigang.......
2	Lunch is 4.0 stars. Banquet Room is 1.0 stars. Average is 2.5, rounding down to 2.0 because our catered event really sucked with a $3300 price tag.The lunch  4.0 starsWhen I want to eat at a sit down Filipino food in Vegas, not at a turo-turo style, Salo Salo is an obvious choice.They're known for good food and a clean restaurant.  They're definitely a much better lunch and dinner restaurant than a special events catering facility.  At Lunch:  For the price $9-12 dollars for most lunch specials, you get pretty good food. Their wait persons are very nice.  The food is authentic and fresh, and the presentation is good.  There are lots of families inside this open type of layout so it's kind of loud and lively. The five of us tried many different dishes including the sinigang, kare kare, lichon, pansit, fried seafood. and all were pretty good.   Of course my extroverted sister, like always, made friends with the table to our right.  Next thing we know, they're trying out some of our stuff and vice versa.  I was too full to try anything else, though. There's something about Filipinos around the table sharing food and conversation. Actually I was saving up for their delicious bibinka.  One thing I didn't like was their  pansit, the noodle dish. Theirs had way too much fish sauce.  I guess I'm used to my mom's home made version which has more flavor with only a tad fish sauce.. Salo Salo's desserts are overall good, esp. their excellent bibingka baked in banana leaf.  IMO this is the best thing they make.  I also like their halo halo.  The banquet room  1.0 starWe liked their lunch food enough that we decided to have my parents' anniversary party there. Turns out, that wasn't such a good idea. As a banquet venue, they were below expectations.  It cost about $33 a person and there were about 100 of us.  For that, we got their pre-cooked bland lumpia and pansit, white rice, and three entrees cooked in bulk and kept lukewarm, sort of  It was buffet style, I thought there would be more entrees. Nope  We got our own room, but it was not well appointed as the main restaurant. It was like being put in the spare storage room with sparse decorations. We did get "entertainment" however.  Well, sort of.  He was a DJ and singer, supposedly.  The most recent song he played as a DJ was Cher's "Believe'. We had our party in 2008, and that Cher song was around 2000? We did like some of the old disco tunes.  But with 1/3 of the attendees under  30, we wanted to hear Hip Hop and modern dance music.  He didn't have any hip hop or rap songs as a DJ in Vegas? What's up with that?. As far as his singing: he could sing okay over his too much echo karaoke machine.  IMO it was NOT worth the   $33 dollars a person.   Most places give you that rate with a sit down dinner in a really nice venue. It would have been better for all 100 of us of us to have gone to the regular restaurant and ordered dinner individually.
4	Finally something else besides the buffets! After many delays to try the Artesia location and having to move back to the Bay Area, I ended up here with my family. It's not that far off the strip, and yes its in the middle of Chinatown/Spring Mountain Road. Wasn't busy at all considering we showed up at 2:30 on a Wednesday afternoon. Prices were pretty reasonable too. Between my family, we shared miki bihon, sisig, fried calamari, crispy pata, kare kare, and steamed rice. The miki bihon was a little dry, but it had some flavor to it at least. The fried calamari was a little too crispy. Not the best I've had, but pretty decent. Their sisig was clutch though. It came out on the sizzling plate with two slices of lime on the side, and it was cooked perfectly. The crispy pata was amazing as well, yet at most other Filipino restaurants I've been to they never mess that one up. If you're not up for a la carte, they have rice plates that range from $6-$8, and they all have silog platters as well if you're craving breakfast food. Our bill came out to a little over $51, and that's actually decent since some places tend to overcharge. All you Filipino food lovers should look into this place when you're tired of the eating somewhere on the strip. Trust.
4	Thanks to Yelp and my fellow Yelpers, my reviews are rarely negative and in the case of Salo Salo Grill, this is no exception!On our weekend trip to Las Vegas, I woke my husband up one early Saturday to prep him for lunchtime.  The question of what to eat went on for all of 10 minutes before I made an executive decision and said we were having Filipino food.  So off to Salo Salo Grill!  It was very easy to find, located in a strip mall about 10 minutes away from our hotel.Scene: KID IN A CANDY STORE!!  That's what I felt like when I looked at the menu.  We had to pare down our list because there was no way we can eat that much food.  We still over-ordered but our server took the orders without flinching.Bulalo Soup - Beautifully stewed beef shank, tender and pure with fresh bok choy.  Fried garlic garnish finished the soup perfectly.Palabok - Standard but still one of my favorite Filipino dishes.  I was happy to see it was the version that came topped with sauce and long noodles rather than the short fat noodles with the sauce stirred in already.Crispy Pata - A little too over-fried but the pork hock was delicious nonetheless.  The vinegar sauce was a great complement.  My hubby couldn't resist picking up the bone to gnaw off as much crispy meat as he could.Kare-Kare - I'm always used to other places cheaping out on the oxtail but these guys spared no expense.  I counted 4 or 5 pieces of oxtail along with tripe and green beans, eggplant and bok choy.  The housemade bagoong was complex, briny and delicious.Sizzling Sisig - This was probably our biggest disappointment.  It didn't sizzle and that was probably due to the vast amount of liquid the pork was sitting in.  However, the pork still tasted delicious and was very tender.Garlic Fried Rice - It'd be tough to mess this up.  Super tasty although we couldn't eat much of it.We ended up packing the kare kare, garlic fried rice and sisig to go to snack on in our hotel room later tonight.  But in the meantime, we ordered some halo halo for dessert.  The first bite of ube ice cream and shaved ice flashed me back to high school on Guam when we would have halo halo parties (healthy, wholesome, lotsa of sugar but no booze).  My favorite part is drinking it after all the fruit and beans are eaten.  What a great way to stop off our meal!!Service was attentive with servers checking on us and offering us drink refills every few minutes.Hubby and I had to ROLL ourselves out of the restaurant, groaning merrily all the way back to our hotel.
4	This is a nice looking place that is right up the road serving Filipino food.  I was having a craving for dinuguan aka dinardaraan for the Ilocanos(I don't know how you spell that but its blood meat aka chocolate meat) so I looked up nearby Filipino places.  I choose this one because it was right up the road.  Unfortunately for me they didn't have what I wanted on their menu.  I guess its not a main stream dish and most younger generation Americanized Filipinos don't eat it anymore. Anyway, I settled for some Lichon.  It was good, and the garlic rice that came with if was just like mom used to make.  There was a fair amount of oil going on, but it's Lichon.  That's just the way it goes.  I wish that some of the other traditional foods made it onto the menu.  So as good as the food is I think I'll keep looking for other restaurants.  You know, even goldilocks serves dinuguan.  Service wise, this place was OK.  I don't know if it's because I don't look Filipino or what (I'm half white) but the waitress seemed a little nervous talking to us.  For a second she tried to speak Filipino to my Korean girl friend.  They were very nice there though.  I guess I've just become accustom to the louder in your face servers at most Vegas restaurants.
3	Food is ok.
3	Hubby and I revisited this place on our trip to Vegas last weekend.  After the sheen of newness wore off, we were able to judge the food with fewer stars in our eyes. This time we were a little more conservative with our amount of food.  We went with:Beef Mami - noodle soup with beef shank.  The beef shank was tender with the right amount of bite.  Delicious with the vinegar sauce.  The dish itself was rather bland and unremarkable.Garlic Rice - a delicoius staple, can't go wrong with this.Grilled Mussels - This was hubby's request.  I had one and stayed away.  The mussels didn't taste particularly fresh and, to me, very fishy.  Hubby who is a great fan of mussels did not compliment it either.Kare Kare - I love this dish because 1.) it comes with bagoong which has to be one of my favorite condiemnts in the world.  and 2.) they actually give you a good amount of oxtail.  The tripe is plentiful as well but not as enticing to eat because they use huge pieces instead of cutting them downGrilled Eggplant - This was a cheap side dish which I think was totally worth the $3 we paid.  I don't know if they really smoked it or just used liquid smoke but it the heady smokey flavor was delicious, especially when paired with the accompanying bagoong.  Did I mention the bagoong is house made and a pleasant pink color?  It's also not over salty like the commercial variety.Halo halo - can't mess this up.  Ok I guess you can but we haven't had a messed up halo halo yet.  This was delicious as always.  Wish they give you more ube ice cream though.If we weren't desperate for Filipino food (not much to be had in Orange County), we probably wouldn't come here when we're in Vegas.  We wanted a nice sit down place (as opposed to a fast food place) with decent service.  But we jones for Filipino food and so we come here.
5	I'm glad Salo-Salo doesn't judge me.  For what...you wonder?Busting up in there for lunch two days in a row!  Believe me, I thought the waitresses were going to give me a look of disappointment and surprise when we walked in.  I mean, who goes to the same restaurant two days in a row?Apparently, Olia H. and I do.   In Vegas.   Who can turn down awesome Filipino food?You see, I fell in love with this place last August.   Since then, I vowed that I would try the 'all-day breakfast' that the menu offered.  If you know me, you're aware of my obsession of eggs, rice and longaniza/tocino.  That honestly would be my last meal.  *drool*For $8, Salo-Salo serves up a heaping pile of garlic fried rice, eggs and yummy grilled meat (either longaniza, tocino or inihaw baboy).  I also decided to order some lumpia because...why not?  It was the best way to start Day #2 in Vegas.  So good, in fact, that Olia H. and I came to the quick agreement Sunday morning that we'd go back there.  This time, Olia H.ordered the lechon (crispy skin goodness) and was first introduced to the delicious 'all-purpose' lechon sauce.  Yes, you can put that sauce on anything and it will make it automatically taste better.  Added bonus: Realizing how homey Salo-Salo is.  Various families were in the restaurant, reading the Sunday paper, not saying a word to each other.  Sounds pretty much like the Sundays of my childhood.  Hehe.
4	This reveiw is for the catering food to go onlyI recently went to an anniversary party in town, and they chose to get their food catered from Salo Salo. We walked into the restaurant at 3:00 PM on a Saturday, and there were surprisingly four parties dining in. But we were here to pick up our phone order items: There were supposedly 15 people expected to attend, but somehow we ended up with 25-30 guests in staggered fashion.  And the food was still too much. Here is the stuff we got::- large order of meat only lumpia, with no veggies inside- an order of skewered chicken, beef, and pork- a fried seafood platter  with whole Milkfish (Bangus), fried calamari rings, fried shrimp, and fried mussel with two whole fried eggplant,garnish.  - meat lover's BBQ special platter (chicken pieces, BBQ bistec, BBQ pork ribs. - lechon kawali (cubed and seasoned fried pork with crispy texture and crispy skin with we Filipinos treasure), served with an all purpose sauce- large order of pansit (glass noodle pasta with chicken, shrimp, and pork. )Our order was ready right at the time it was promised, and it was  fairly well packed to travel on the road. They made sure the crisply lumpia had holes in cover, and it was only 3/4 covered so that it would be vented properly and not all spill out.The food was a hit.  Everyone, me included, thought the food tasted really good.  The two dishes I didn't like too much were the lumpia which reminds me of institutional style food and the pansit which had way too much patis (fish sauce) for my taste. Guests brought some other stuff, including lots of white rice, green salad, and steamed winter veggies.  My mom made some some homemade desserts (bibngka, a baked casava coconut milk cake, suman, a sweet rice and brown sugar coconut milk mixture which is baked and topped with brown sugar glaze, and creamy fruit salad with some tropical fruit and young coconut.). Most of the Filipinos in this party, including the older adults, are fairly skinny or average in weight (I'm getting a gut, however).  The food was only half eaten two hours after the 3:30 PM dinner start time.  How were we to finish this food?  Well, thankfully, the reinforcements came. They included my two half Samoan nephews and their father and another older nephew Mike who is 5'11 and 220 pounds.  They mowed down an additional third of the food between them.  My 14 year old nephew is 5'10" and big enough to be a high school linebacker (which I think he is).  Mike is a former HS linebacker also.  No wasted food here!The Food from Salo Salo, except for their subpar banquet, is delicious, and it's no wonder they have a lot of fans. In a sea of Filipino buffets, they stand out as a very good sit down restaurant and food to go operation.
4	I'm impressed with this location...a sit down place, not fast food, friendly staff, nice atmosphere, and of course really good food. We ordered a platter to share, for $38 you can pick 7 different meats and 2 sides from a list. We also ordered bagoong fried rice, adobo fried rice and halo halo.  For the platter we ordered crispy pata, lechon kawali, pork BBQ, lechon rib, pork tocino, grilled pork (double order), grilled talong and adobong kangkong. The hits: The tocino is ridiculous!! I am in love with that. Lechon kawali, soft meat with crunchy skin...just eat around the fat. The bagoong fried rice is tasty, try this for a new take on fried rice. Crispy pata, always a must in any Filipino restaurant. The misses:Some dishes are ok, not spectacular...but Im happy to report, no misses =)This location is great and we left there with full tummies and a great big smile on our faces. Tip: check out the mini Bahay kubo-ish structure out front for a great photo-op. It looks like u were just transported in a province in the Philippines. (just don't include the cars in the parking lot in your pic) =}
2	Food was good not great and the service was terrible. Came here on a Saturday night. The place wasn't packed but all the tables were taken. After waiting a few minutes we were seated.  We placed our order and it took a long time for us to get our food. Really long. We ordered some bbq and seafood platter. When we got our food, some of it was cold. For some reason, the bbq skewers were inedible. Disgusting! I also thought that we got meager portions for our kare kare. The oxtail was really small and the dish mostly had veggies and tripe in there.What made it worse was that our waitress was running around with her head cut off. She even gave us another table's entree. It was hard to track someone down for water refills too. This is the last time I'll eat here.
3	Thank you google maps and GPS nav as I would never venture outside the Vegas strip without it. I was able to find some decent pinoy restaurants (as well as a pinoy bakery and grocery store in Sin City). Gonna visit the strip this spring break and will be stopping by Salo-Salo Grill once again. The food here is great - granted pricey for filipino food. Try the sisig, it's awesome!
4	So it was our last night in Vegas and my two friends and i tell me about this place from one of theirparents. There's an actual traditional bamboo hut outside their store and it's really cool. Inside is really small and the portions of their food was really big. I got the breakfast platter with longanisa and it was only $6.95!!! it had 4 pieces of longanisa that looked grilled and were butterflyed out, 2 large scoopsof garlic fried rice, and scrambled eggs. By the time I was full, i look like i had not eaten anything. Sinigang was really tasty and their lechon kawali was on point!
4	I dont usually tip over $5, but this time $5 is all worth it. I'm really hooked with  this place. Foods are great, friendly staff. A very reasonable price. We ordered crispy pata, bbq pork, bbq shrimp, salab mango for the platter. A plate of garlic fried rice can share it with 3 people, a bowl of sinigang na bangus boneless (must try, super delish) sago at gulaman, buko juice for refreshment. I was so full till dinner time. Try it for a new vegas food experience outside the strip.
1	Food was actually good here, i USED to go here with my family all the timee, until they served my dad with bad/ "Bulok" crab, lols. It would have been fine if they handled it professionally and politely, but their waitress is just oh soooo RUDE! really bad service. If a customer is complaining about something you served and the customer is completely right with the bad food you served them in front of your face..DONT argue with the customer..We have not gone back to this place after that incident, plus it is ridiculously frustrating to have them give you dirty looks whenever you ask for a glass of water or something else. Such a waste... im pretty sure you'll find other great filipino restaurants in Vegas without having to deal with snobby servers.
3	I havent eaten much Filipino over the years but I have had enough to I think to give a decent review.  I came to Salo-Salo with high hopes.  It had been recommended by a few Filipino associates and as the proverbial "Gringo" among them, who was I to argue with their opinion?  Well maybe my white boy genetics prevented me from savoring it at the same level they seem to.  While everything at Salo-Salo was tasty, I found each dish did what it had to and nothing more. We arrived earlier in the evening and had most of the restaurant to ourselves.  Service was prompt and we sat on their front patio/atrium (its indoors).  I was all prepared to order a San Miguel Beer which is the Filipino national beers, when our waitress informed me of some tragic news: They dont serve alcohol.  I had to recover from this stomach blow and in my confusion I selected a coconut juice drink.  It was fine, but minimal in size and not really the appropriate compliment to what food was going to be forthcoming.  As for the food, we HAD to order the Chicken Adobo.  Not ordering that is like going to New Orleans and not having a biegnet or Hurricane drink.  We also ordered Palabok, which are noodles topped in a fish gravy and then covered with pork rinds.  Finally, we got some Vegetable Limpia which is a type of spring roll.   The presentation of all the dishes was pleasant but once I dug in, I noticed a common theme..........Salt!!!!!!  Salt is a critical component to all cooking but when I taste it in abundance I feel its the hallmark of a lazy kitchen.  Rather than expertly prepare their array of spices, many kitchens will just add salt to give a dish some flavor.  I kind of felt that was the case here and thats tragic because the chicken was tender and juicy and the noodles were expertly cooked.  The limpia had fresh vegetables but all the sauces that accompanied the dishes was just way to salty.  See why the beer would have come in handy now?Prices were all very reasonable and the portions were generous.  I feel that Salo-Salo has in it the makings of a fine restaurant, they just need to want to take it to another level.  Then again, the Filipino's I know seem to love it, so why should they change?  Perhaps its this discontinuity why Filipino food has yet to take off and really make it mainstream.  Until that happens, Salo Salo is a fine enough place for this type of ethnic food, but dont expect to see Anthony Bourdain in here anytime soon.PS- There are 2 locations in Southern California as well.
4	Salo-Salo Grill is an impressive Filipino restaurant. If you know Filipino cuisine, you know that most dishes take at least an hour to cook and it varies from province to province. In addition, it's not as aesthetically pleasing to eye as other foods. However, the Salo-Salo Grill turned that perception around for me. The first thing I noticed was that it was a sit-down restaurant and the ambiance consisted of warm toned walls jeweled with traditional art which stands out from a lot of Filipino restaurants I've been to. Second, the food was served in an appealing manner. I ordered the Laing which is a coconut based soup/stew and light pink/purple in color but it was served in a bowl lined with banana leaves which boosted the aesthetics. Best of all, the food was really good and as good as my mom's cooking if not better. Don't tell her I said that though!The only con, during our second visit it took about 30 minutes for us to get our food. However, the first time we went there were only two other tables occupied and the second time the whole restaurant was filled and there were a lot of people waiting to be seated.
4	Highly recommended! Never go wrong with the barbecue platter!
5	dude! it's like flying to the Philippines real quick and eating with the family minus the shared banana leaves for plates.  the family is here for the summer and feeding 15 can get incredibly expensive, so family style is definitely the way to go.the platters are hooked up.  we ordered 3 platters, sinigang, 3 orders of bagoong fried rice, and pancit, and still took enough food home to feed everyone the next day for under 200 bucks.everything tastes authentic and yummy.. totally brings it all back with  the decor and all. like it! will be frequenting it even when the fam goes home!
4	The food and service was good. I highly recommend the pork skewers and the adobo fried rice. The food price is reasonable. Salo Salo will not break your piggy bank.
3	It's really one of the only Filipino eateries that isn't "turo turo," meaning that you just point at the foods that you want. It's a small, cozy sit down restaurant. Although, the layout of the restaurant is kind of strange. It's separated into three dining areas - which just makes the place seem smaller than it is. Salo-Salo has pretty decent Filipino food - almost up to the level of what you would find in your mother's kitchen. They even offer foods that you can't get at most other turo turo Filipino restaurants, CRISPY PATA !!! They also serve breakfast all day, which is always a plus. Although, i says you get coffee or tea with the breakfast - and I have yet to receive any the few times I've ordered breakfast. The prices are good, especially compared to the amount of food received. Except maybe for their specialty drinks. $2.95 for a very small glass of calamansi juice? C'mon, at least give one refill, especially considering the size of the glass. If my review was based on the food alone, I probably would've rated the place higher. But, the service there needs to be worked on. Some nights are better than others, but for the most part - service is very slow. It takes them about the same amount of time to get you your bill, as it takes you to actually eat your meal. So, if you're craving Filipino food or even a first timer, this is a great place to go - of course, only if you can put up with the horribly slow service.
3	One of the few Filipino eateries that has put much thought to is interior atmosphere, showcasing traditional furniture and finish making it feel as if you were actually dining on a Philippine Island restaurant. Bulalo Soup: beef shank with bokchoy- Broth was sorta bland, I felt it was missing something.. the beef on the medium-firm side and bokchoy was decentSinigang Soup: tamarind and tomato based broth with vegetables- Had some sourness to the soup, how it should be. I chose to include Tadyang (pork spareribs) and Liempo (pork belly), both were the stars of the dish!Chicken Adobo: boneless chicken fillet in sauce- Terrific flavor, different from what I'm used to yet it was a positive change from my family's home cooking. Beefsteak Tagalog: beef slices with gravy and sauteed onions- Thicker gravy than the typical more watered down sauce, onions were as expected and it had a hint of salty/fishy flavor to it. Not bad, for me it was a new version of this dish Melon Juice: fresh cantaloupe strings and juice- I love chewing on the fruit and sipping on the juice at the same time! Calamansi Juice: Filipino lemonade- Its got tart from a lemon and sweetness from an orange/tangerine. they don't make it from scratch, its concentrated but still citrusly refreshing!I'm pretty picking when it comes to Filipino Food and Overall the food was Good, value was fair, service was decent and ambiance was warm and homey.
4	This is one of the few Filipino restaurants I like. This is because (1) my Grandma (my mother's mother was Kapangpangan) was such a great cook; it's hard to find something close, without getting so darn greasy (yuck! like, Goldilocks is on the greasy side) and (2) I am picky with Filipino food to begin with, because I don't eat all kinds of meat/fat/skin which eliminates lots of dishes (I've been cutting the fat off meat since I was a kid). We've gone here several times for lunch, with my family, but it's been a while. The ambiance is nice (seeing as the majority of Filipino restraurants are fast food type places or buffets)- did you notice the hut outside the restaurant? Is it still there? Well, the service was generally good, but slow, at times. The staff was pleasant, never rude.
3	I really like this place, but it is pricier than I would like to pay for Filipino food. My fiance and I usually order:Beef TapaPork TocinoGarlic Fried RiceBut I have also had their:Crispy PataBoneless BangusSisigPinakbetTilapiaThe food is quite good. Definitely good on the standard of  home-made filipino food. I may be bias though, since I am Filipino, and can make such food at home for cheaper. But for those who do not cook or have filipino food on a regular basis, this is a good place to go!
4	Love the all day breakfast.  The pancit has bits of ham/bacon, which you can't go wrong, but an unexpected flavor.  The kare kare is also good.  Try to save room for the halo halo, which is a meal in itself.
4	both of my parents are amazing cooks, so i usu. don't go out and eat at filipino restaurants but this place is one of the few that i like along w/ Fiesta Filipina...but yeah, salo salo grill is more of a sit down place. their entrees are delicious and they're good price. they just charge alot for speacialty drinks though w/ no refills, so that's a minus. the place look really cool w/ their filipino decor and they have that bahay kubo hut outside lol
4	Just like being in Metro Manila, great up-scale decor and over-the-top food takes Salo-Salo far beyond the average strip-mall filipino eatery. I enjoyed the Aroz Caldo.
4	My favorite Filipino restaurant in Vegas, that's all!
4	Wasn't certain of the different pancit choices and the server was honest that the one we going to order - the Palabok (shrimp sauce and pork rinds - as one of the other reviewers mentioned it) would be pretty dry and his recommendation was the miki-bihon which had two different noodles (egg and rice) with chinese sausage, shrimp and vegetables.  The menu said it would come with fish balls, but it came instead with pork and a half an egg.  We also ordered the chicken adobo - which the menu read it'd be in a sizzling sauce - but it just came in a bowl.  It was mostly dark meat which I actually prefer but my niece was hoping for more white.  The sauce was very yummy but that's what I expected as I laddled it over my rice :)The last dish - which ended up being way too much food for three people - was the Relyeno Bangus which is a pan fried whole milkfish which they completed gutted and deboned and mixed the fish with onions and some other ingredients which again was different than what their menu stated - however, incredibly yummy and flavorful.  I'd love to come back as the restaurant has an open seating area that they can open the windows which would give the feeling of outdoor dining when it's nice out.  We were there in the middle of the day on Saturday and there were tons of people carrying out cater orders which was nice to see.  I'd love to come back with a larger group so we can try more yummy things.Two things  - didn't expect is this place is a franchise as it seems very family oriented and the prices online are different - and ask the server to leave a pitcher of water (or whatever you're drinking) on the table as we had too many empty glasses too many times.
4	servings are huge... actually in platters and their menu is so reasonably priced!  great food... comfort food esp. family style =)
4	Salo Salo is a great Filipino place to eat dinner with friends and family while in Vegas. They have plenty of seating, the restaurant is clean and they have good service and food. They also have good hours. Weeknights they close at 9:30pm and Fridays and weekends at 10:00pm. On a recent visit here, I came with a party of four and we ordered: kare kare (meat and veggies in peanut butter broth), sinigang soup (a sour soup with tamarind and meat), bangus (fried boneless milk fish), crispy pata (fried pork) and turon delight (banana egg rolls with Filipino ice cream). At the beginning of the meal, they give free garlic peanuts. This is always good and a nice start to the meal. (There are garlic peanuts for sale if you like the sample that they give). The kare kare was one of the first dishes served and I liked the presentation of the kare kare because they put this in a traditional Filipino palayok or clay pot. It comes out nice and hot and the peanut butter broth is perfect for topping off the rice. There was plenty of veggies in this in terms of eggplant and greens. The veggies and the broth is always my favorite for kare kare. I did notice their didn't seem to be a lot of meat in this though. (The veggies for me are the best part anyways). The sinigang soup was nice and sour and had a fair share of veggies and tomato. I liked sipping on the warm soup and it was also nice to top this on the rice along with the meat that was inside the soup. The meat they put in this though could have been a little bit leaner. The bangus fish they served was huge! I think our party only got through a quarter of the fish! The crispy pata was good. It was fried just right and was not to hard. It's good to match this with kare kare or sinigang. I also liked dipping the crispy pata in the vinegar dipping sauce that they provide. The turon delight was our dessert. Their turon delight is mini banana egg rolls (maybe about 8?) and then in the middle is some ice cream. The ice cream is a Filipino ice cream flavor - the night when we had it I believe it was jack fruit. This is one nice, sweet Filipino treat. I love all the traditional Filipino meals at Salo Salo and I also love how the whole restaurant has a traditional Filipino feel to it. They have decor that is very Filipino - Filipino paintings, wooden seats and tables. It is all prominently Filipino and makes a wonderful ambiance for enjoying a good Filipino meal.
2	I like that there is a sit down Filipino restaurant that not "buffet style" like you find at most of the Filipino restaurants in the valley.  Among the things I've tried there include:         Sinigango   Not sour enough for my taste and tasted a bit "off" to me.  Still OK and the beef was tender, which I liked.          Kare Kareo   The kare kare here is really good.  Needs to be served with more meat though!          Palaboko   Disappointed that this was the kind with the thin noodles.  I prefer the thick kind.          Halo Haloo   Too watery for me.  Pales in comparison to my fav found at Red Ribbon. Service isn't that really top notch.  I came with my family (there were 5 of us) and I asked to sit and a larger table.  They said no and that it was reserved, but no one sat there the entire time.  My parents rave about the huge platter of meat, but I haven't had a chance to try it yet.  Next time!  They seem to like it there... but in my opinion, there is much better out there for the price.  I appreciate that this is a sit down Filipino place.  Food is just OK from my experience though (but I don't doubt that I'll be back, especially when there's family in town!)
4	Whatever you do, get the Adobo Fried Rice here.  It was the first time I tried adobo style fried rice and it was good!  Actually, most of the food here was good.  My only exception would probably be the Chicken Adobo which wasn't bad or anything, but it just wasn't as good as other chicken adobo's I've had before.  The portions here are generous and the environment...well, a lot better than most Filipino restaurants outside of a resort in the Philippines.  It's clean here, and a nice sit down and dine restaurant.We ordered the following:Chicken Adobo, $7.95, -OKMiki-Bihon, $7.95, -GoodAla Carte Lechon Kawali, $8.95, -ExcellentOx Kare Kare, $10.95, -GoodAdobo Fried Rice, $6.95, -Ridiculously GoodSalo-Salo Grill is a little pricier when you compare it with the Filipino buffets in Vegas, but the food and look of the restaurant make up for it.  Plus, they have a little hut outside, in the parking area, where you can smoke.  How Filipino is that?Customer service was OK despite the other reviews I read about it being not to good.  I didn't like the fact that the waitress stood next to our table though when she dropped off the check.  She stayed there till we put out the payment, a 'hunny'.  It was annoying!  Someone from my table said it's just the way some of us from certain islands are...I don't know which island she was referring about but it still irritated me nonetheless.
3	food was good, not great but the service probably could've been a little better, I understand service will not be great at a casual dining restaurant but the food took really long and I felt like they were trying to rush us to get out afterwards...one or the other, either be slow on service and expect us to stay a while or be a quick service restaurant where we are expected to go in and get the hell out.  *I will come back though when craving filipino food though!
4	Went to Vegas for a family vacation and my uncles were craving Filipino food. We went on a Thursday so It wasn't busy at all. Parking was easy and it was easy to find.Favorites:Bagoong fried rice is a must have!Tapa TocinoCalamariMelon JuiceHalo-Halo was good also!The portions are huge. Definitely a family style type of restaurant. Will come back here again someday:)
5	This place is really good! Definitely go here if you want:-Quality and DELICIOUS Filipino food (just like from home)-Friendly service-A great valueI ordered the Inihaw na Bangus (charbroiled, boneless Milkfish with vinegar and garlic) and it was spot on. Tender, flavorful, and crispy in all the right places, this bangus fulfilled my craving for the traditional dish! And only $7.95!! Try finding another place that sells great seafood dishes under $10!My boyfriend ordered the Breakfast Combo Platter which was composed of  tocino, tapa and longanisa served with garlic rice and 2 eggs cooked any style you want. For only $8.95!! Seriously, stop reading my review and head over there now! I promise you won't be disappointed!P.S. This was our first time at this restaurant but it certainly won't be our last. =)
5	If you live here, this is the place you want to take visitors too. Its authentic Filipino food. Its not like any of the other Filipino restaurants in town. Its a sit down restaurant so if you come hungry know you have to wait a little. The service is great. When we walk in, I feel like servers and waitresses are singing to us. Hello ma'am, thank you ma'am... I dont mind. I love it! Filipinos always make you feel welcome and are very humble.OK the good stuff, FOOD. I love their bangus. Only thing I can say is that this and everything else I will talk about in regards to their menu items make my mouth water.Here is a list of things that I ordered and highly recommend that you try:Breakfast meat platter- I think thats what it was called. The everything especially the egg plant was BOMB!garlic fried rice - YUMsiniganghalo halopansit bihonsigsigadobocalamansi juiceEvery single one of those items along with platter is something you should try. You cant go wrong.
4	Came here for lunch with the fams. Food was pretty good. Can't remember what exactly we ate but I know there was BBQ and rice :P
4	I had this place yesterday Nov 12, 2011 for my first time. I don't know if it was my roots or the Manny fight that got me in the mood for some good ole Filipino food but boy o boy did this place hit every spot that matters!!!  Every flavor and texture was exactly how I'd want it. My only gripe was they brought out the entrees before the steam rice... That's like the cardinal rule u must have the steam rice before the dishes!!! Live it breath it, own it!
4	I'm rating this place a 4 for now, i will come back and try the other dishes. This is the place where you can have breakfast (filipino style) all day, other place you ask for breakfast they'll get mad at you. Very clean, located in a quiet corner on Twain and Jones. I dont eat Filipino food every day; since i discovered this place, i think will workout well and swing by there when i feel like it. Rice is not healthy, but will reconsider since this place serves really great food!! Till my next return...
2	My previous experience was great. Breakfast here is so good, what more can you ask they serve it all day. Staff and service is fast and courteous, Ambiance nice place to have a conversation, Food???? Pancit is just ok, I think it needs more flavor, grilled squid very tasty but the chewing is such a battle, Lechon Ribs, this is the reason why we have high cholesterol, high blood pressure, and heart attack, does anybody know about ROASTING it beside frying in batter, it's tender, although you gave me ketsup instead of the Mang Tomas lechon sauce, and last is the Kare-Kare...it's disgusting!!! Did you forgot the peanut butter or whatever for the flavoring, too much cornstarch, very bland..the good thing is the bagoong complements it and lots of veges. Quality control people, you could either hire a new cook or get rid of them.
1	For a sit down Filipino restaurant I expect better. The food is blah I will only return to try breakfast but other than that I'll stick to my buffet style places or home for Filipino food.
5	I am so happy there is a Filipino restuarant in my neighborhood.  It is so bomb here!1 star = super friendly customer service!2 stars = their platters!  HUGE!  Can feed a table of like 6 people alone!  My friends and I either get the grilled meat platter, or the crispy meat platter.  I definitely prefer the deep fried crispy meat platter with crispy pata, deep fried pork ribs, deep fried chicken, and even their fried plantins.  Yum!3 stars = for their salty shrimp fried rice (bagoong fried rice).  Best fried rice ever!4 stars = for their eggplant, salty egg, and tomato salad.  Must have this w/ every bite; seriously.  I love everything in this dish!  Great side dish and pairing to anything on their menu.  A must order!5 stars= halo! halo! So good on a hot summer day.  You can never go wrong w/ this as a dessert after a good hearty Filipino meal.I love this place and will always take my friends and family here who visit.  I don't cook, so good thing I can get some good ol' Filipino food in Vegas.  Yum!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (45/365).
4	This place was pretty legit upon getting a recommendation from a Filipino friend of mine who lived in Vegas for 3 years. Just looking at the pictures while boarding our Plane, my mouth was salivating. I really wanted to get their huge platters of food for the 4 of us. It's not too far from the Car rental or Las Vegas trip, merely 4-5 miles. Service was prompt/friendly, prices are reasonable and food was delicious. We ordered the Seafood Platter which had grilled squid, bangus, tilapia, mussels and shrimp. For the Meat Platter it had Pork Liempo, Beef BBQ, Chicken BBQ and some Sisig chopped meat. YUM! Oh... we also had some appetizers: Kuya's Fish Balls and Fried Calamari Rings. Next time I go back to Vegas or So-Cal ( apparently they have 3 locations there).My mom even stated, if we had only ordered one of their huge platters, it still would've been plenty for us 4, as we had lots of meat to go. My uncle and cousin ended up eating those for dinner, so that's an extra savings.
1	We are locals and reside here in Las Vegas.We had patronized Salo Salo Grill Restaurant in 2 separate times, the first one when they first opened- and the second time an hour before the restaurant closes.The first visit impressed us with their generous portion of grilled fish, and squid as well as our deep fried meat selections, although they were understaffed at that particular time, it was okay- we were hungry! The second time we went was a complete disappointment because there were 2 servers and cook and we ordered several items from the menu and with only like an hour before they closed- the waitress was not smiling and was in a rush taking our orders. When our order came- it was not  a generous portion in a large platter but like half that came in. Cost cutting? We weren't finished from our late dinner, and they closed the check, not making it to our dessert yet. After this horrible experience, wherein the waitress wasn't in the best of mood to serve and get rid of us- we never got back anymore and will never recommend this place.Third visit which was today, April 29,2012- we came back because of a dear friend celebrate his birthday here.We hate to write a negative but it was worth to do so! So here it goes, even there was a reservation for about 30 people in a 24 hour basis there was no effort on their part to seclude us in a function room to which they are the exclusive caterers. They were slow and have no other events or other customers at 3 pm.Our group ended up in their usual area seating us in 2 long tables plus 2 regular tables- which was  fine. We are all hungry! But with this prior party  arrangement- only about 2-3 of their people were staffed to cook, cater and serve this exclusive event. The guests all had to ask for drinking water because it wasn't done along the course of our meal. It was given after several request and approaching their counter to get it  done! The  only one waitress busy was trying to push the sale of sago, gulaman and halo2 at the start the meal. The inihaw and the pinakbet was bland. What happened to the real cuisine from way back then?Where's the friendly and hospitable atmosphere here that we expect as treatment  from our very own kababayans? The service was slow ,no smiling and amiable employees fom amongst them at all! There was no interpersonal relation as greeting Happy Birthday to our celebrant friend and assisting them, in the flow of the party, to the lighting of our cake,The staff  seem so unhappy with their job- we work in the food, hotel and service industry that's how we know the tools of the trade. Give your customers pure, undivided and personalized attention and deliver the goods as expected and you have one happy customer!There was no welcome and thank you greeting from either of them from start of seating to the departing of the last guest.It was a complete nightmare in the 2 hour birthday celebration, as regards to our expectation and standards. You need to train your employees to offer more personalized customer service and interaction- to obtain more business and make your customers happy and come back! Because we will not recommend and come back to this place! After all, word of mouth is the strongest and most powerful advertisement ever!
5	love this place. i came here twice visiting from dallas and it has not disappointed me. a nice place to take your family for some great filipino food (at good costs) and some formal dining experience.
5	Breakfast heaven all day long!!!  Best food and everything... great service... they make the eggs exactly how it should be.... breakfast comes with hot tea or coffee included.  Great portions and price and quality and taste.  Best experience every time even when it starts to fill up in the restaraunt.  They are well organized... clean and more upscale without the upscale price.  I love it here... I wake up on a weekend morning and this is the first place I think of when I'm hungry for breakfast.  Thank you salo salo for the great cooks and servers... Love it!!!  And I will come again... again... and again!!!
1	Tip: DO NOT EVEN BOTHER TRYING THIS PLACE! I've heard good reviews about this place so my family and I tried it out. Boy, that was a mistake! My brother and I had a bad case of upset stomach!!! Really bad! Service was so disappointing. We had to wait 30 minutes before our orders were taken. This guy, I don't know if he was the owner, even said to us "at least you guys are sitting while you wait." Really? Then, we had to wait an hour to get our food and when we only ordered four dishes! They charged us extra for some stuff we didn't order, and when we told the waitress she only said sorry! And the food was so BAD! Found strand of hair on the bulalo soup!!! Yuck! Never coming back to this place again! I dont even think this place deserves a star at all.
4	I've been here plenty of times in the last couple of years and we've never been disappointed. It's probably one of the few Filipino restaurants I like in town. It's close to our house so it makes it more convenient. I've done take outs and dine in and both were good so far. My favorite to get is usually the pancit, shanghai fried rice, my husband loves the lechon, BBQ sticks and halo halo for dessert. I'll definitely go back when I'm in need of a Filipino food fix.
2	Definitely have had better. Their menu isn't that great, and our waitress was an older woman that was very grumpy and was very unaccomodating. It was offensive how quick she was to deny a request and give an attitude because I asked if I could get something else besides lumpia for my entree, since their appitizers are mostly all lumpia. The food was average, I just couldn't get over how rude our server was.
4	I consider Salo Salo Grill as one of my top 3 Filipino restaurants in the West Coast along with Barrio Fiesta (not sure if they're still around) and Fiesta sa Barrio both in Los Angeles.  Since moving to Vegas just this past August, I've been here 4 or 5 times and love, love their Pinakbet, Sinigang na Baka, Inihaw na Bangus, Calamari and I can't believe I would ever say this but their Lechon Kawali here is sooo friggin' good. I am usually not a big fan of the LK because it's all fat but their version here is perfect (if there's such a thing).Service needs some improvement but then again, service at most Asian restaurants leaves a lot to be desired IMO. You go to an asian restaurant for the food only.
3	its a typical Filipino Grill...
1	They were pretty good about "pre-bussing" the table but they did so with a chip on their shoulder as if they couldn't wait to get off work to go gamble their money away in the casino's. Because of this,  our table of 10 did not feel welcome at all. The food was "okay" at best.We came here because of a reference from a friend that the place was good. Boy, were they wrong.
3	Just went back here again last Saturday as I was craving Pinakbet, the service was awful. Our server took our order, served the food and never checked in on us until we were ready to pay :-(
5	Came here with a large party for my mom's birthday. We ordered the seafood and barbeque platters along with the garlic fried rice. We were able to try everything and it was all delicious. The servers were extremely friendly and accommodating to our party of 10. We'll definitely be back next next time we're in Vegas.
4	Mabuhay!Ever wanted to get adventurous and try other ethic foods, such as Filipino food. Well Salo Salo Grill is a great place to try these kinds of food. Not only will you enjoy a modern native ambiance of the restaurant you will be amazed on how delicious the food is. I would suggest ordering the 3 piece entree.The day i went we ordered that. For the meats we chose the fried chicken, beefsteak, and bbq pork. All delicious and grilled and fried to perfection.For the soup we decided to have the sinigang baboy a very common filipino dish, a bit sour but really good.We also had a side of lumpiang shanghai, i admit it was not the greatest, but all the other good foods made up for it.For dessert we had the Leche Flan, not the greatest as well you can tell it's been sitting in the fridge.Overall i give this place a 4 because their food is great overall and the service is great. They always followed up to see if you needed anything and they were on top of the waters like no tomorrow.
3	I like Salo Salo grill, but this branch is not as good as the location in Artesia, CA.  Everything we tried was fine, but paled in comparison to their restaurant in Artesia.  I do not know what was missing.Still, I recommend coming here if you want to enjoy good Filipino food in a regular restaurant environment.  Maybe we did not come on a good day and that is why it was not as delicious as what we are accustomed to.
4	pretty good stuff for Filipino food, I enjoyed it, and the price wasn't too bad either
3	theee madre lives next to this joint so i come here pretty often when i'm in town.beefsteak tagalog - this was just okay for me. it didn't taste like the homemade beefsteak and it was too fatty for mepalabok - tasted totally different then your normal palabok. they added squid to it and was not expecting that (doesn't say in their menu). didn't taste like homemade palabok. i wouldn't order this again. apparently they changed the recipe but i say CHANGE it back!!chicken adobo - also just okay, it's a lot sweeter than the ones you try at your average filipino partybeef sinigang - the BEST thing here!!! i always get this! especially good during those morning hangovers =] it will cure it i promise!i want to try the sizzling sisig next time i come out here!
4	Super late review but this place does get a 4. I loved the food and the service was great, especially since it was for my mom's birthday. Cool place to stop and get some filipino food inVegas.
2	I was really excited to try out Filipino food in Vegas, but I was left very underwhelmed by this restaurant. The Kare Kare was very bland - I typically only eat the veggies, while my fiance eats the meat. The meat wasn't tender and the portion given was very smaller, especially considering he was the only one eating the meat. The peanut sauce was bland and I had to add a lot of bagoong to get more flavor. The "sizzling" sisig was not sizzling by any definition, it was just kind of sitting there on the plate (the cast iron could easily be touched by hand). The one thing I did like was the chicharon bulaklak appetizer we had and the dipping sauce it came with. I decided to still order Halo-Halo to go since back in SSF I lived close to Max's Restaurant (which has amazing Halo-Halo), but was left disappointed too since I could have had better Halo-Halo at Jollibee. Maybe we just didn't order the right things, but since my staple Filipino favorites were not prepared well, I don't think we'll be coming back.
4	ANG SARAP!!!Adobo fried rice, crispy pata, sisig, bbq, halo-halo and even their fresh melon juice = droooooooool. Authentic Filipino food and my family's favorite Filipino restaurant.I would say the only downside is that it's so packed in the restaurant I feel suffocated. p.s.the little shack you have outside always forces my cousins and I to be subjects of awkward family photos. Stop.
3	Awww man this place was super underwhelming :( . The portions here were very small, ordered sisig and rice and it did not suppress my hunger at all. Left semi-hungry. The food was good, but for the price it was not worth it at all.Also their service was extremely slow, I came when it was slow and it still took forever for my water to be refilled.
4	2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE - Contender #4Salo-Salo was actually recommended by Roger T for us to go for our next Halo-Halo Challenge.  I admit, I pulled up Yelp, got on Salo-Salo's website, and did my homework on their Pinoy "Mix-Mix" dessert.  Based on their website, pinipig was in their Halo-Halo. Interesting...I gots to investigate.We arrived on Father's Day and this place was packed and there was a line.  Since we weren't having any food except Halo-Halo, they seated us right away.  Within 5 minutes, our Halo-Halo's arrived.  Each Halo-Halo cost $4.95 and what a beautiful sight.  First of all, real silverware. Always a bonus for me since it makes mixing this iced treat that much easier with real utensils.  Salo-Salo's Halo-Halo had what I've been looking for all along...real, legit ube.  Ube ice cream, green jelly, red jelly, some coconut, white beans, and flan were also at attendance.  But what was missing was the red beans, pinipig, and lanka. I was still stoked that I got legit ube. Taste wise...pretty damn good. Would be perfect if red beans made it to the party. PS:  We didn't have anything else, just their Halo-Halo. Service was fantastic, especially since they were so busy.Halo-Halo:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ#c0x5cS2wqTguAxEttK-iwg2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE:Contender #1 (Elena's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74QwContender #2 (Jollibee):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA/src:selfContender #3 (Cafe Cebu):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQContender #4 (Salo-Salo):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ/src:selfContender #5 (Thelma's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXwContender #6 (Andrea's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDgContender #7 (Chow King):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/chow-king-las-vegas-2#hrid:3FzhPzAaF7_OE6i0Nau5WAContender #8 (Fiesta Filipina):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/fiesta-filipina-cuisine-henderson#hrid:VLvYgY6ROsMh9q70tmkoHw
4	I've been going to Salo-Salo since we moved to Vegas years ago.  They have the same servers from years ago and a few new ones who treat you like they're your Ate (older sister).  They are attentive but they'd leave you alone so you have quality time with your food.We always get the crispy platter (fried calamari, lechon kawali, fried chicken, crispy pata, fried ribs) and garlic rice.  My personal favorite is their All-Day Breakfast beef tapa.  It comes with your choice of 2 eggs and garlic rice.  Tapa is usually dry and chewy - almost like jerky but they do it differently here.  It's more tender and juicy with a taste of vinegar so you don't have to dip it vinegar - it pairs well with siningag (garlic rice). I don't normally eat rice but I'm a fan of garlic rice.  I wash it all down with either melon juice or calamansi juice.  I end my meal with one of my favorite Filipino desserts - leche flan!  This is different from Mexican flan - the Filipino version is richer and creamier because we use more egg yolks and milk.  A slice of leche flan is swimming in syrup.  I just love this stuff!This is the type of place where you have to get somebody's attention in order to get seated, place an order, get your bill...that's just how it is.  It's not that they're deliberately trying to ignore you, they just want to leave you alone.  The place is decorated in native Filipino decor.  If you look Asian, they'll talk to you in Filipino!
4	What I love about Filipino food is that you can pay so little for food but still have so much to take home with you. We ordered adobo rice. It was good, but I think they need to cook the adobo just a tiny bit more. And also the platter. They have a variety of platters to choose from, and very inexpensive at that. The servers were really sweet and nice, but I think they could use a little bit more training. Either that, or maybe it's just because they're like my mom (typical Filipina) and would insist on pairing the right dip/sauce/side for your food... because I had asked for salty eggs & mangoes, but they gave me bagoong instead. Not a fan of bagoong. But it didn't really matter because everything else was really good. There were only two of us, so we ended having to take the rest home.
4	We come here when I don't feel like cooking Filipino food myself and have a hankering for Crispy Pata or Lechon Kawali.  They know us here.  They always speak to my husband in Tagalog and he answers right back in English. They always know our usual orders.  :)
1	With the new Update I can finally post this review that I wrote months ago and has been sitting in my Drafts, but as a Note we have been to Salo-Salo Grill a few times before and had lackluster experiences, this last experience in particular had forced me to share it with the rest of you. Mother's Day 2013: When we were sat down they said they Ran Out of Menus...I have Never been to a Restaurant where they Ran out of Menus, and it's not like this place sat Everybody all at the Same time. We waited a good 10 minutes before we even received one. My wife really wanted Filipino Breakfast, well their "All Day Breakfast" was Not Available, however we could still order the Longanisa separately, and then the Garlic Rice, but when we were ordering the Eggs they said they weren't cooking Eggs today, ugh! The Lack of communication is unbelievable in this place, especially one that advertises in their Menu with "All Day Breakfast". It's Freakin' Mother's Day for goodness sakes, Brunch is the Traditional Meal for Mother's Day, WTF?!?! Sadly we don't know any other Filipino Restaurants in Vegas that offer dishes like Log-Silog, Tap-Silog, etc. Things like this make me miss Daly City a lot! If ante does know any places in LV that do, Please let me know! Thanks for reading.
4	Clean place, good service, but the food quality varies!I had the Beef Calderetta, it had great potatoes beef was soft sauce delicious!  But during a different visit the quality was not as good and the sauce was a bit oily.  I guess the reviews depends on the chef of the day it seems :)  It's still a great place to sit, relax and eat!
1	Well it was my mom's birthday and I thought this would be a good place to eat at. First off, the waitress are rude. Typical bitchy filipinas. Second, their food is way too expensive for a poor quality. It was gross and tasteless. It was such a disappointment going there. I should have picked DT's instead.
4	One of the few filipino restaurants I will always visit in every las vegas trip. Would have been perfect today if the calamari was not too well done. Maybe 5 stars next time.
5	THIS PLACE BLEW MY MIND!!!Maybe its because it was my first time eating authentic Filipino food, but this place was delicious. Originally, my idea of Filipino food was greasy pork and horribly cut chicken wings cooked in adobo sauce served in a buffet line. I'm so glad I had dinner with my girlfriend's family here for a real authentic Filipino dinner. The prices are affordable as any other Asian restaurant which is $8 for an entree. Our family had prawn sinigang, fried milk fish, spicy coconut chicken, and some sort of BBQ sampler. Let me just begin by saying that nothing is more like comfort food to a filipino than fried fish + sinigang and boy did it hit the spot. Hot sour soup with fish and rice on a cold day really speaks comfort for itself. As a Thai man, I must say I was very pleased with my spicy coconut chicken. It was creamy, mildly spicy and delicious. My only complaint would be small pieces of tendon in my chicken that were not carefully removed during the deboning of the chicken (which is difficult!) Lastly, the BBQ sampler was nicely seasoned and tasted great. We then finished with torron (fried banana) with ice cream. I HIGHLY recommend this dessert because they add this crispy rice to the ice cream which adds a lot of texture to the dessert. You take a bite of fried banana with ice cream and each bite has a great crunch and smooth soft texture on the inside and it is just amazing.The owner (I assumed) then came out to greet us and made sure the food was okay. There is honestly nothing that shows you care more about the customers than coming and checking on them and I highly appreciate this.All in all, Salo Salo is not THAT different from good 4-star Asian restaurants, but I'm giving it 5 stars for the following reasons:1. Currently it has 3.5 stars, which is undeserving of this restaurant.2. It is currently the only Filipino restaurant I'd ever step foot in.
5	I think these Flips got it down when it comes to a more fine dining Filipino experience.  Soft music, dim lighting, artful decor, an intimate setting and salted garlic peanuts to wet your appetite.  The food itself was amazing!  I came in with a party of 8, so we ordered the BBQ platter which consisted of BBQ pork and beef piled high under banana leaves.  Salo-Salo is a great place for comfort food with family and friends.  What's missing as far as my concern?  Freshly baked pandisal and magnolia butter as their bread and butter course.The Must Tries: Langunesa w fried eggsBagoong Fried RiceBuko Halo HaloBBQ Platter
5	This was my first sit down Filipino restaurant experience, and it was a good one! This place has it all when it comes to Filipino cuisine. Breakfast served all day, really good BBQ and the traditional dishes as well.My family and I got the family platter, which consisted of the core menu items. Chicken bbq skewers, steak bbq skewers, lechon ribs and pork bbq. The ribs were amazing. Marinated just right, a little sweet and a little tangy, and very moist and tender. The pork was cooked perfectly but could use a little more flavor. The skewers were both amazing.We also got the sisig, adobo fried rice and pinak bet. The sisig was really good. Very good flavor. And our kids (and my wife and I) looooved the adobo fried rice. The service was 10/10. Very helpful and very accommodating. The restaurant is nicely decorated as well.Overall, we will definitely be coming back here with family and friends.
3	The food was delicious but the service was sub par. The waitress was in a rush all the time and when she brought the food out, essentially plopped the food down without care and kept walking on. We had to call them over numerous times to ask for things and they almost seemed like we were bothering them.I was excited to see a sit down Filipino restaurant for the first time  and foodwise it was good. Just a heads up to diners: The dining room closest to the kitchen is subjected to poor kitchen ventilation. When I was here, I left smelling like fried food since the smoke wafted from the kitchen through the service window. On a different note, the crispy pata and sisig are winners. Still worth a try as long as you care more about the food than getting a five star dining experience.
1	I found myself picking up food for my sister on they way over for dinner on Christmas eve. Since traffic was light, I ended up at the restaurant before my scheduled pick-up time. They informed me that it would not be ready early and to come at the scheduled pick-up time...This was fine with me.I ended up waiting the for over half an hour for my food to be ready. The women barely acknowledging my presence and running around like lost puppies wasting such valuable time did not make this unfortunate circumstance any easier to endure. Lack of training, or lack of brain?? I'll go with all of the above. The food also tasted like garbage.
1	On December 24th I CAME during my scheduled pick up. I had to wait for an HOUR. I don't care if other people were there but when you call and tell the food is ready during a certain time frame then have it ready for a certain time frame because I lost time to spend with my family because of you.    Cashier/Waittresses were slow. There were people there waiting but it wasn't like the line reached the door. So unorganized and let me tell you very rude. I can't speak tagalog but I can understand pretty well. I could hear "What do people expect when they place their order today, It's Christmas Eve this is what they get when they order last minute, etc". Hey let me remind you don't tell us to come over a SCHEDULED pick up time frame and not have our food ready. Perhaps this wouldn't have happened in the first place if you planned right.   This place has gone down hill. The food I ordered was horrible. Very tasteless and way too greasy. Whoever their buyer is for their food doesn't know what to order. By the way I was going to leave but they called my name and really for a Christmas Eve dinner this was part of the entrees. NEVER coming back.
1	This place is horrible, I tried it out for three times, the food is never fresh, the service is poor, they serve the food lukewarm, the rice was nearly warm, the BBQ was charred, I ordered the crispy seafood it was dripping in black greasy oils, my gf got the BBQ & the meat was charred, it also smelled like someone was smoking around the food with a cigaret, never going back to this place, Las Vegas needs better Pinoy restaurants, other small Asian restaurants offer a better experience than their counter part so called Filipino restaurant.
3	So found this on yelp because I wanted to try other Filipino places. The restaurant is nicely decorated even with the awkward floor plan. our waitress was nice and all but service is non existent. Our food took about 40 mins to come out and all at the same time. Even tho with the sucky service and long wait time. The food was really good and for that alone we will give it another try.
5	Delicious and truly authentic ala-carte filipino restaurant!! My entire family decided to have dinner there and enjoyed our experience. Staff was attentive, menu selection was plentiful, and food was amazing! Taking all my relatives from the east coast there for sure.
4	Exceptional Filipino cuisine.  Boneless Bangus was a highlight.  Have the coconut drink, and when you're finished with the liquid, ask the server to have chopped in half to enjoy the coconut flesh.
1	It should have no star at all. Omg! They are on dirty dining!!! Just recently!'nGrade C for cockroach in the kitchen ( partying) dirty sink with no sanitizer.. food on the floor and mishandling ready to eat food..the owner tried to justify her restaurant but pictures, videos and health district can't go wrong. I eat here a lot, ordered food every so often to feed my family and this is what we see.. Omg! This salo salo grill needs to be shut  down until they fix the problem and sanitize everything. Will never go back and eat here again coz I'll be thinking about the roaches!!not recommending it anymore - and  To think they're food is not the great!! Reputation is very important and cleanliness!!!
3	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Service can be inconsistent (sometimes friendly and prompt, sometimes not). Debit cards can't be used for any meals less than $20.LIKE  All-day breakfast. Close proximity to home. Dishes have a decent taste, price, and size. Pretty large menu selection for a Filipino restaurant.LOVE  Nothing.
3	it was alright. the portions got a lil bigger for some dishes.
1	This was my first time and I'm not coming back.  Pork inihaw was very cold.  If it was truly freshly grilled, it would have been sizzling hot.  Seemed like they grilled a bunch to make some grill marks and heated it in microwave before serving.  It did not even smell grilled and tasted rubbery (like when we microwave meat at home).  Adobo rice was the same, was only heated in microwave.  I don't recommend this place.  Not what I expected for it to be a pop and mom owed restaurant and for it to be a sit-down dining restaurant.  I was very disappointed.
3	Place pretty good. Wife loves the ambiance, the portion was good for the price... Food came out pretty good except that they burnt half the side of the tilapia... Also, there are two flies around when we were eating lolx
4	Some of the best Filipino food I've eaten so far. They served us a lot of food and it was expensive but the food and service was good.
1	I eat this place and the service was horrible. The waitress wasn't a very helpful. She just brings the food and left. Did even ask if you need anythig or not even looking at you she just turned around and left. And also the food wasn't really that good.
4	In Las Vegas this is the premiere place to be for Pilipino dishes; no turo- turo, no buffet, a la carte entirely. If there is anything regretable about this place it is because one missed out!
1	My sister in law swear to god this place kills all pilipino food around vegas. She has been here for alot of times now and this is first time coming in here. We already ordered when i found the news hee in yelp. :( it my fault i guess that i didnt check yelp before, I usually believe her when it comes to food. But this recent nrws really knock my appetite to the food. Yet Iam here to tell you that I didnt rate them because of the recent news (roach infestation.) Rather iam writing this rating with the same criteria I have been giving other food places.We ordered:ChopsueyPancit bihon And family set( includes ; bbq pork and chicken, squid, and arellanong bangus.RiceLets start with the chop suey. The vegetables were fresh and the flavor is there when it comes to the chop suey taste that filipino style shouls be but the chicken that came with the chop suey was dried up. So dry that we didnt touch it.Next the pancit, it was probably the one thing that i ate alot of on the bunch, it taste good, and has all the flavor i want frpm a pancit.Lastly the big family plate which contains different food, the beef bbq is probably the only thing that was near the taste that is near the standard of pinoy beef bbq. The chicken bbq was we only took 1 bite out of it, 4 sticks remained on the platter. The arellanong bangus was okay, but it tasted not fresh, as well as the squid, which i may add has only the bbq sauce on top of it, and smoked. I would have done better prepartion on it, no to mention , it tasted days old or refrigerated.Regardless of the ROACH infestation which we saw momenta before we eat, i find this place pricey with foods that are not as highly as other yelpers say.Maybe my standards of pinoy foods are high, but when a chicken bbq is so messed up that the bbq chicken that I make home made is way better than what you sell, then theres a problem. Lastly I would not reccomend anyone to eat here. I dont know if its true but they should have the GRADE C on their door, I may be wrong but its either they have never put it out, or they have been inspected again since January i cant find an update about the roach infestation.This will be the last time i will eat here, i took a chance to see if the flavor and taste are what the other yelpers said are true, even in the midst of knowing what might be back on that kitchen. Yelpers take this advice, and stay away, not unless you want be another brave sould to try out their kitchens delicacies.
4	The abience is good filipino finer dining...the food is well preped and served...very good service from Iana...the service was quicker than i expected since it was not busy when we visited...definitely recommend comming here to expect a non-homemade but restaurant quality meal...clean and professionally cooked...i understand that some Filipinos or foreigner that are used to homecooked and street food in Phillipines might comment otherwise, but please remember this is FINER dining restaurant, meaning no charcoal taste and used oil skilet taste...
2	They have a nice menu until they got broadcast via news with dirty kitchen yikes! I dont think I wanna go here anymore. Gives me goosebumps every time I remembered.
1	The last time I came here was 5 years ago and I found an ant in my sauce. No apology from anyone and still had to pay for my food. So I tried it again tonight and no joke there was hair in our food. Sent it back and they replaced it, but why would I want to eat the same thing that had hair in it? Again no apology, does this happen all the time there that it just rolls off their backs? So I have given it a second try and will never come back.
3	This has always been the formal dinner destination for my family because of the formal dining setup.Price: it's definitely one of the more expensive places to get Filipino cuisines. Their higher prices are justified with the fancier looking ambiance. Food: I'm Filipino so eating Filipino food is never new.-Portion is what you expect of a sit-down restaurant, and so it's not excessive. -Taste is good but not stellar.-Quality I would say nothing out of the ordinary.Service: there's normally a wait time, especially for dinner. The last time I was there with my family they took a good minute to deliver our extra requests. I can't blame 'em though. But definitely could do betterOVERALL: I Say this place is average
4	Alright, I suppose I should give this restaurant the review it deserves.I still stand by my word that this place has the best Filipino food I've ever had in my life. With that said, why 4 stars? The past couple days I've came in twice and the service was just not up to par with the food. We waited about half an hour for one thing to finally come out (granted the place was pretty busy for Mother's day), but if the place is ever gonna be that busy, they should hire more chefs. That wasn't the thing that irked me to re-review this restaurant though. Today, my girlfriend was having a huge halo halo craving. We tried Cafe de Cebu, but the halo halo just wasn't as good as Salo Salo's. So we drove the extra half mile to get some real halo halo.We called in as we were driving so it would be ready as soon as we got there. We only ordered one item too. When I walked in to pay, the waitress said there had to be a minimum $20 for card use ($20 is kind of a lot for a minimum! Especially if you're dining alone). I totally understand this rule and where it comes from, but I just completely did not have cash on me at all. I told them that they can just put an extra charge or whatever that most stores do when you don't reach the minimum. The lady was nice enough to say "it's all right, but next time just remember that we charge a minimum $20." So all was cool until they continued to twist my arm to buy more things after that statement. They were probably half joking, but that can definitely make a customer feel uncomfortable, which it made me feel.So all in all, this place still has amazing food that will blow your palate away if you've never had Filipino food or even if you have, it's still really good! Service is generally pretty good, but sometimes those waitresses can have their off days.
2	I was craving beef kaldereta. So I searched up; filipino restaurants. There wasn't much of an option because it was late at night. Salo Salo grill was the only choice I had. Anyways, I walked in, expecting it to be busy but it wasn't. Not too many people. Only three tables were occupied. I did take out and ordered beef kaldereta, buko pandan, honey BBQ and garlic rice. If you order a main course, it doesn't come with rice so you have to pay for rice too. The pictures that you see of buko pandan is no where near close to how much they gave me. It was in a much SMALLER container. The pictures of the menu and prices on here; are not up to date. The prices has gone up. Let's get to the food. Shall we? The beef kaldereta wasn't what I was expecting. It had a different taste to it. I don't know, I can't explain it. I can't really compare real filipino authentic food VS the Americanized philipino food because I was raised in the US my whole life. But I was born in the phillipines. Although my parents and my whole family always cook filipino food. Moving on to the garlic rice; it was a lot. I had better. It didn't have much of a strong flavor for me. I felt like it was a hint of garlic. You can barely even taste it. And as for the honey BBQ goes... It was eh. Will I ever come back? Not sure. After reading the reviews people posted of how this restaurant was given a C on the health dept and dirty dining... Kind of scared me away.
1	We took time to look for this place,  since we have tried the other location in West Covina.  I am Filipino, but I have to be honest,  this place is way too down the drainage,  no presentation,  the employees  are not well trained,  that by the way act and talk,  will even make feel that the food is not good.  It s not a place to eat and to tell people to try.  Please take  time to do a big change and give pilipino restaurants  a good name.  This stablishment is a big disappointment
1	This place is horrible. My bf and I went here to eat lunch, we ordered pork tocino and honey bbq chicken. The tocino tasted weird and the garlic fried rice was MUSHY, as if it were spoiled. I took a few bites and then stopped eating. It was the nastiest dish I have ever eaten. I could not believe they would serve people food looking/tasting like that. The honey bbq chicken was okay. The best tasting thing about this place was the ice water. P.S. There was a fly going around the restaurant which was quite bothersome.
1	I ordered several of my favorite Filipino foods and was sorely disappointed.The adobo fried rice: I get that some people do garlic fried rice and others don't. No points lost on the non-garlic fried rice. Points were lost in the uncooked, undercooked meat. The pork and chicken adobo pieces were raw.Shrimp Lumpia: uncooked shrimp.Chicken adobo: uncooked chicken.Pork adobo: under cooked pork.Everything I ordered was uncooked or undercooked.The service was great, the food was not.
2	We've eaten here a few times now but the most recent visit will probably be our last. The Bagoong Fried Rice was interesting and different when we first tried it but after a few visits it has lost it's appeal. Recently, we ordered Palabok and noticed that it was cooked differently compared to what we are used to. It was drenched in shrimp juice which quickly spoiled a few hours later when we tried to reheat it. Crispy Pata was slightly overcooked but still managed to finish it. The Sinigang wasn't anything special. We could've cooked a better version at home. Overall, not worth the $45 and the fact that we saw a roach move across the floor doesn't help either.
5	Great taste and the bulalo, inihaw na baboy and pinakbet.... hmm mm yummmmmy. ... ok got to go back to my food....
3	Okey Lang..Came here on a visit from Upstate Nevada (Reno). Knowing there is a large filipino population in Vegas I wanted to try out some home cooking. Came here based on the Yelp reviews and I have to admit I was a bit disappointed.Sisig was on the maasim side (sour) and the Kare Kare was not too good unfortunately (it had a strong garlic taste to it) :/ The Krispy Pata and the Lumpiang Shanghai was okay.I will say this however! They have a Jeepney and a Bahay Kubo outside which is dope as hell to take pictures with! The inside was quite nice and spacious, the staff was very friendly, and the service was extremely fast (though we were the only ones at the time. It was a Monday Evening)Overall I'd day they need to work on the menu a bit. If they were to step it up a notch I could see this place blow up! :)
5	The food is always on point. You can come here with a group and split a platter and have plenty of food for everyone, for about $30 (But of course you'll want to add pancit and rice to go with it). Great atmosphere, really feels authentic. I have only been here a few times, sometimes the staff is great, and other times not so much, but the food always makes up for it.
2	It seems like the place that Filipinos bring their white friends. I had the breakfast combo because I wanted to taste all the meats. I had come here with only about and hour so I was a little rushed but I thought we were going to have to leave before the food came out. The wait staff kept assuring us that the breakfast just took long but it seemed ridiculous. Nothing makes me more annoyed in restaurant than waiting almost an hour for your food and then it coming out cold. The sausage was the best part. They also successfully made a perfect medium egg and I give them props for that. It's rare to find a perfect medium. I give them 2 stars for the egg.
5	I travel with my Filipino friend born and raised in Manila. We constantly try filipino authentic restaurants to please his cravings. I have seen a lot of Filipinos in Las Vegas and we were recommended by the locals to go here. Now most of the filipino young ones aren't born or raised in the Philippines so I don't know why they judge the flavor so harshly. Honestly this restaurant had the best sisig I've ever ate in my entire life. The sagot gulaman was authentic and delicious. The Bulalo had many flavors in it, and the lechon kawali was spot on greasy and delicious. I enjoyed this restaurant the most out of many Filipino restaurants I've been to.
4	Very good! Been to a lot of filipino restaurants and this one is one of the best in my opinion. Home cooked and love the decor of the place. Staff was very nice and attentive! I would definitely go again and recommend!
1	Expensive ...it says 2 to 3 person per entree,, but what i ordered was not even close...spent $90 that was only good for 3 people...very disappointed...ill stick with Nanay G..
5	Food was great good ambiance price is great and most of all center of attraction the jeepney.
