4	We just had dinner at Lorenzo's because i found a Restaurant.com coupon. We thoroughly enjoyed our meal!  The Greek salad was crisp with a yummy dressing, and was served with fresh-baked, garlicky twist rolls.  Our Chicken Parmesan was cooked just right, and included pasta with a delicious marinara sauce.  Portions were very generous.We chatted with the owner Lorenzo and he is a very engaging fellow who obviously takes his recipes, and his customer satisfaction, seriously.  We'll be back soon with family!  We are happy that another great family-style pizza restaurant is convenient to denizens of the Pinnacle Peak area.  Coupon or not, try Lorenzo's and mention that Robert sent you - I'm hoping he'll reward me with one of his delish cannoli's!
4	What a happy accident...So work has me trapped in NoPhoSco (hah) most days. I'm in the land of strip mall chain eateries near Desert Ridge. My hopes for a good pizza joint were at low ebb. But then on a trip to Ace Hardware, I discovered Lorenzo's. This is real NY pizza. Perfect thin crust, with a great simple sauce and light cheese. Great balance on the flavor. Not beat to death with oregano or sugar. Had reheated slices of cheese and sausage that were really good.And they deliver to our store location, so gonna try a whole made-to-order pie soon. Yay :-)
5	By far this pizza joint is the best in the valley. The best New York style pizza I have ever had. You will not be disappointed. I live in the West side of town and I drive all the way to Scottsdale when out of towner come to visit and ask for the best pizza in town, and they never leave PHX disappointed. Hell yeah. Feel the love ppl and try it out for yourself. You will find yourself writing a review just like me. Good Job Lorenzos...
4	We went into Lorenzo's not knowing it was under new ownership. The food was fantastic...The service wasn't great however to be fair they were short staffed. We totally enjoyed our food. I had a Calzone, and my husband and the kids shared a 16" pizza. Enough for everyone. We had a BLAST. The owner was so cool and they DELIVER YEAH!!! I'm so excited to have a new option for N. Scottsdale that will deliver and be SUPER YUMMY :)
3	Went there last night, it prsented as a typical-mid class pizza joing, semi-selfserve.  Seemed out of place in N. Scottsdale.Anyway, ordered wings, garlic twists and fries.The garlic twists were really good (and prepared really fast), the fries (ok potatoe wedges) were awesome.The wings were OK, we ordered Med and Hot.  The hot were hot for hot's sake, not a good flavor behind it, and too much sauce.  the Mediums were pretty good but seemed a bit greasy.
2	We had Lorenzo's for the first time last night.  We're in from out of town and I figured Yelp would be a good resource for finding a local pizza place.  Overall the Pizza was OK.  The vegetarian pizza was not very good.  It had so many veggies that the pizza got soggy and  you had to eat it with a spoon.  (1 1/2 stars)The Lorenzo's special was better. A little more authentic. (3 1/2 stars)I do have to recommend that you not get it delivered.  I called in and was told it would be 1hr- 1:15 ... understandable for a Sunday evening.  After for an hour and a half I had to call and see what was up... I was told it was on it's way.  Finally, it showed up two hours after ordering.  The driver apologized, but I would have expected the manager to have at least taken a few bucks off the bill.  I also got the wrong change back from the driver when I told him to give himself a $7 tip... could have been an honest mistake So, 50 bucks later with my soggy veggie pizza I felt I had to post on Yelp.
3	Disclaimer.... I am not a traditional New York style pizza fan. With that said this pizza was "traditional style NY pizza" The joint was a little busy but not slammed, the service was decent but not great. The pizza was good but not the excellent. The price and portion size was right on. I had a pep and a sausage. The slices are about the size of 8x11 sheet of paper tapered in at the bottom. Dripping with grease. The crust is a thin crust, obviously, but seemed to lack any flavor. The pizza folded well and held the topping and grease as it should. The thicker end was decent, just a little too crispy for me. They do have a ton of options. Salads, pastas, cal zones, sandwiches, etc. I will be back but maybe for pasta instead.
5	Sometimes all you need is a little help to see what has been in front of you all along.  Lorenzo's is so very close to where I live, but I was just introduced to it this weekend.  Thank You!!  :)My friend suggested we order some fantastic take-out to enjoy while watching the playoff games.  A quick call and we were zooming down Pinnacle Peak towards some of the tastiest Italian food I have had in a while.  Two words... Garlic Knots.  Beautiful little twists of dough that have been marinated in an aromatic blend of chopped garlic and olive oil... heated and served with a tangy marinara sauce.  After getting them home they never even made it onto our plates - we attacked them right in the container!  It is too bad that my mom raised me to have good manners, since I grudgingly gave my guest the last one.  Seriously, the order could have been twice as big and we could have polished it off without a problem.Next... Antipasto salad.  A generous serving of all kinds of good things including fresh mozzarella, salami, provolone... delish!The Main Event... a killer ham & cheese calzone.  This thing could have doubled as the football on the TV.  Huge!  Beautiful!  Stuffed full of ham, mozzarella and ricotta.  Topped with the marinara sauce it was truly a sight to behold.  Yesssssss!My car still smells like garlic.  I really like that!
3	3 1/2 for the food... service, needs work.Yeah, it's greasy, yeah it's foldable and yeah it's yummy. New York pizza is New York pizza.So searched over and over for a menu on the web for Lorenzo's after I read some other Yelp reviews. Finally found one but just went with our favorites. A Cheese and a Hawaiian. Walked in at two on a Sunday, no one around (and I mean no one- no servers, no guests). Sorry to say I had to let them know pretty vocally I was there- after three minutes of hearing them joking in the back. The nice dishwasher came out to tell me he would let them know. Seriously??Alright, so that being said... the pizza was pretty damn good. I'm a picky girl for gelato and pizza after living in Italy... but I appreciate a hot juicy and cheesy pizza!Cheese, REAL basil and red sauce, a thin crust but a crunchy crust.And p.s. They definitely brush some 'love' on the crust!
3	Generally don't go for takeout, but we were all in a pizza mood.  Decided to get takeout from Lorenzo's and it was sinfully good.  Ordered the everything pizza and the garlic knots.  The pizza was pretty good; huge slices, lots of yummy toppings and a bit over-greasy.  The garlic knots were little gems of carb-y goodness.  Dipped in ranch, or marinara, or even plain, I couldn't get enough.  Split between 4 people, one order went too quick!
2	DH & I went over for dinner on Monday night...the service was terrible, and the food was not that great either. We had the garlic knots which was the best thing we ate that night. We also had baked pasta shells and eggplant parmigiana, both had way too much cheese on it.
5	This is hands down our favorite place to eat.  We are total regulars here, as my husband, who grew up in New Jersey, is a total snob for New York style pizza and Lorenzo's knows how to do it right!  Pasta here is also excellent - I have a special fondness for the carbonara!  And my husband also swears by the Chicken Parmesan sandwiches.  MMM MMM!  I think I'll go there right now!  :0)
2	Normally a good choice.  We have ordered a number of times and have really enjoyed the food and service.  The past few times, however, something must have changed.  It took over an 1 hour and 45 minutes for our delivery tonight and close to an 1 hour and 30 minutes the last two times.  Not even an apology when delivered.  I have to say the pizza is good, when warm, but if you have it delivered, order early and turn the oven on so that you can heat it up.
3	A strong 4 stars for the pizza (if you order a fresh new pie, as the slices for lunch specials looked like had been sitting 30-45 minutes).  Anyway, the pizza I ordered was excellent.  This place though loses a star for the customer service as well as the environment.  Nobody comes up front, they have 1 cheese shaker for like 30 tables, there is food and crumbs on a lot of the tables in a mostly empty restaurant (only 2 tables used for customers), the employees seemed to hang out in back most of the time rather than have anyone at all at the counter, and a few of the table clothes were ripped.  Kind of a sloppy environment.The pizza though, was excellent.  I would get take-out from them for sure, but eating in the actual restaurant left a lot to be desired.
5	Great NY pizza...the owner Lorenzo grew up in Sicily and the pasta dishes he came up with beat any upscale italian place in town. Priced very reasonably and everything is made fresh.
4	Myriad of slice options during the week here, with fewer on the weekends but still good.  Pizza is a general NY style, nothing spectacular or memorable, but still solidly good.  Crust at the end is deliciously chewy inside with crispness on the outside.  Sicilian crust isn't as good here, in my opinion.  Prices good for lunch specials, but ordering a few pizzas with various toppings can get quite expensive.
2	I just left there and spent over 1.5 hrs in a booth. Was it the blaring Disney channel, the loudmouth idiot behind on his cellphone, or the bribery of extra garlic knots and upsized (12 in to 14 in) that kept me there for eternity? No I believe it was the 8 minute wait after I seated myself, the comment by one of the employees visiting friend noticing that I hadn't been approached, the inquiry of the waitress "dining in", the 23 min wait to be told that the dough is rising and it will be 5 extra minutes only to wait 30 more, the fact there were no more than 15 people in the place and out during this fiasco, and just that I had 90 minutes of my life to waste that made my evening. It also could have been the fact that I still was charged full price for the experience.  At least I have 2 slices of pizza and 6 knots to show for it.
5	All the food here is great if you like Italian and the service was great too. I have noticed that since July the service has improved dramatically. Since everything is made fresh there is a short wait, but worth it. My high rating is due to the fact that I love New York style Pizza and their pasta dishes are great. In the area I have gone to very expensive and fancy Italian restaurants and did not get as good food or service. I'll always make it a point to go here for great Italian food in a very comfortable environment.
5	The bonus here is the friendly welcoming service.We found this Italian restaurant using a Groupon....and what a pleasant surprise!  We were first served "garlic knots"... a delicious baked bread dough rolled in olive oil, garlic, and spices.  We also had the shrimp scampi (14.95) which included a very generous salad, and a calzone (6.95) which was almost 12" wide.  Both items were well prepared and tasty.Judging from the regular patrons that visited the restaurant ton dine in and take out, it is very apparent that they all enjoy supporting this local family type restaurant....and it is apparent that the restaurant is in the business of taking care of their customers.  We are visiting the Phoenix area from the San Francisco Bay Area and will definitely add this as a place to eat (and support) whenever we are in town.  We suggest you give it a try!
4	We ate here recently, and the food was decent.  The pizza was good - pretty flavorful and the portions are ample.  The garlic knots are tasty and a good side order.  We also ordered the salad, which worked well for the family.  The service was attentive, although we were the only ones in the place.  Will definitely go here again.
5	Loved this place! Went there yesterday evening with my boyfriend (who is a bit of a food snob). The food was great and the service was outstanding. We will definately be visiting again.
3	When we picked this restaurant for lunch, I was expecting a more upscale European style restaurant. It's a cute little casual dining restaurant, but the pizza at lunch looked like it had been sitting for quite some time. The pizza was decent after they warmed it up in the oven, but I'd advise ordering a fresh baked one if you have the time. Probably a better for take out than dine in.
3	Pretty good food. Ordered for delivery. Took over an hour for delivery on a sat night. Got chicken Parmesan and a calzone. The garlic knots are really good.  Maybe we'll try the pizza next time.
1	Lorenzo's should be ASHAMED of themselves!!!  I am pregnant expecting baby any day now so I thought I would make lunch easy and have some pizza delivered.  I didn't want to go on the cheap with something like Domino's (though hindsight being 20/20 I probably should have) so I ordered from a local small business, Lorenzo's on Pinnacle Peak & Scottsdale in Scottsdale.  It should be noted that our Scottsdale home is on Pinnacle Peak and Pima (only 2 miles away).  I placed my order @ 1:58pm.  An hour passed and my pizza had not arrived.  I had not received a follow-up phone call or anything so I phoned Lorenzo's back at 3:00pm and quite politely informed them that the pizza had not yet arrived told them I was just calling to check on it.  There was no apology or explanation given.  I was just told it would be arriving with in 10 minutes.  By this point my husband, who had planned to share the pizza, had to leave the house for his afternoon business appointment so he didn't even get to have any of the pizza after all of this!!!Finally, it arrived at 3:23pm.  It took them over 20 minutes more and when the driver arrived, again there was no explanation offered, no apology, no offer of a discount or anything.  I did not ask for anything from the driver as I was starving, the pizza was there, and the pizza was hot.  I did however give him a lesser tip than I would normally give a driver though I realize it was likely not his fault.  The fact that the pizza was still extremely warm makes me believe they probably totally forgot my order and just put it in when I called to check on it an hour after ordering.  Needless to say, I will not be ordering from them again.  They could have easily somewhat redeemed themselves in my mind by even just an apology, but none was received.  They SucK!  The pizza was not bad though it was far from marvelous and spoiled by my extreme displeasure regarding the circumstances and timing of its delivery.P.S.  This was today!!  It's Tuesday afternoon!  It's not even peak lunch or dinner time and on a weekday when they are not even busy.  There is no excuse.   It's not like this happened on Friday or Saturday night during dinner time or something.
5	Lorenzo's is great Italian food at a great price and I think salad is included with every entree. Tony is always our waiter and he always remembers what myself and everyone from my family eats and drinks. I highly recommend the penne pesto with chicken.
2	Very disappointed. I only live a mile away and there aren't many restaurants close by. I was hoping that this would become somewhere I could go on a week night when we didn't feel like cooking. With so many 5 star reviews I was hoping it would be good to great. Unfortunately, it was just mediocre. The garlic knots were pretty good but everything went downhill after that. The salad was just basic, nothing special. It didn't help that we ordered it with Italian dressing and they served it with balsamic vinegar. Mistakes happen, we didn't complain. We had the ravioli and a Lorenzo's Special Calzone. The ravioli looked like a pile of sauce and cheese spreading all over a plate. You wouldn't know there were noodles there until you bit into it. There was no form to it at all. When we mentioned to the server that there was a pea in the sauce we were told that this is intentional. Peas in lasagna, who knew? The taste? Bland. The texture? Soggy, no substance at all. The calzone was huge but like the lasagna, lackluster. The texture and taste of the crust was very basic and, in general, not anything that stands out or would make you want more. The diet Coke was good though and you get free refills. Obviously I didn't try everything on the menu but I won't be back since my first impressions are that it's not worth a second shot.
4	Everybody who knows me, knows I love Pizza.  So when we had a Groupon to check check this out, I couldn't wait to sample their good.  We ordered:Garlic Knots (6), $1.85http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lorenzos-pizza-and-pasta-scottsdale-2?select=qRTDK0q-ByzNymXr6ki0Jw#qRTDK0q-ByzNymXr6ki0Jwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lorenzos-pizza-and-pasta-scottsdale-2?select=2hvpkMgkMokDwgXyIAWdag#2hvpkMgkMokDwgXyIAWdagLorenzo's Special Pizza (Pepperoni, Sausage, Meatball, Mushrooms, Peppers, Olives & Onions), $18.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lorenzos-pizza-and-pasta-scottsdale-2?select=RZSxtj90rMNYE2wVArZUVA#RZSxtj90rMNYE2wVArZUVAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lorenzos-pizza-and-pasta-scottsdale-2?select=HuCtlX_9lsiGd4i3S38Njw#HuCtlX_9lsiGd4i3S38NjwThe Garlic Knots are awesome and addicting....very Garlicky, so be careful to plan ahead and not eat these before anything *special*...LOLThe Pizza is very good.  We order it "well done", but with it being so loaded, it's not as crispy as I'd like....but that's ok, we knew it would be tough with all of those toppings.  The toppings are fresh and tasty and the Dough is yummy!Service here is good, we've had a couple of great servers.Return Factor - 88%
3	Solid quickie lunch spot. Cracker thin crust with fresh ingredients. More specialty pie selection than other similar opts. Can't beat the value!
4	Great crust and pizza. A little pricey $20 for a 14 inch pepperoni but its the only quality pizza place that delivers.
5	My son and I ate here last night for the first time.  Service was good.  But the Pizza....if there is pizza in heaven, it must taste like this!!! omg.
4	Pretty decent. The pizza was tasty and I really enjoyed their crust. The garlic knots are fantastic, and our server was very nice. The ambience is a bit odd though. Even though there were several other customers, it was eerily quiet, and felt kind of weird to have a conversation.
5	Great restaurant experience. I love everything they make, super friendly staff, family run. Everything tastes fantastic, the best is the homemade cheese cake and their meat lovers Calzone.
3	Good place to stop by to grab a quick bite to eat...and it's not a wallet breaker either..depending what you get.I love to sit outside on their patio. I usually always get the same thing - and that is a slice of pizza, a garden salad with balsamic vinaigrette and a soda...all that for $ 6.50.The pizza is hit and miss though..If Mondi is not there, forget it. If he is there, the crust is awesome and when coupled with cheese...double awesomeness..The owner is super friendly, but the interior is often super dirty which is why I don't visit all that often and generally sit outside. The guy from Albania who generally works the cashier is super nice while some others have a downright crappy attitude.
5	Lorenzo and the gang are AWESOME!  Great family atmosphere and the food is AMAZING especially the Pizza.  We frequent 2 -3 times a week for Lunch or dinner.Lunch specials can not be beat and the Dinner entrees are super huge.BEST NY Pizza in the state of Arizona.
4	Incredible food, Sicilian owned and ran. Everything from the Caesar dressing to the marinara and calamari delicious! Can't say enough about Lorenzos. My only complaints would be that it is far out there and one server on made service somewhat lag.
1	Okay, so it had been a while and I decided to give this place 1 more chance.  After all, they are one of VERY FEW places nearby that will deliver to my home and with a nearly 6 month old infant, going out to lunch is tough!I wanted it to be worth the delivering, tip, etc so I figured I'd go large and on the phone asked for a 2 foot long chicken hero.  The lady on the phone acted like she didn't know what I was talking about and so I read it to her from the menu they have posted online on their website. Then, she tells me I can't order that because it has to be ordered well in advance since it's on their "catering menu".  It does not mention any advance notice required on the menu btw.  I just went back and read it again to make sure.  Anyway, that wasn't too big of a deal.  I proceeded to modify my order. . . so next I tell her I'd like a regular chicken hero.  Before, I could move on to the next item she cuts me off and tells me I can't do delivery because that price was below the minimum for delivery.  She was no starting to tick me off.  "WELL I WASN'T FINISHED YETTTT!!!" I said.  "Oh, OKAY, " she replied.  Just then, I began to tell her the salad I wanted to add to my order and stopped mid-sentence.  Instead, I exclaimed, "You know what.  I think you're very rude, and I don't want to order from you."  As I hung up the phone, I heard her screaming, "I'M RUDE?!?!?!"  Yes HONEY, you are.  I'm finished with you.  I will not again give you my business.  I will order from a neighboring restaurant instead.
5	Lorenzo's is not your typical everyday arizona restaurant. For one its not a franchise and the Namesake for the place will more often then not be in the kitchen if you come in for dinner. He apparently had restaurants in Italy and New York but left them when moving his family each time. and we are lucky he did. It's small but I've never had a problem having a conversation when the place is busy. You don't go to Lorenzo's to be seen, you go to have a great meal. The food is amazing. Not being from a state where Italian food is done justice (I'm looking at you 40+ olive gardens) is food is made with recipes that have been passed down from generations. And with the open concepts of the kitchen from the dining area, he can be seen rolling out pizza dough, tasting sauces, or plating pastas. I've been there several times and each meal comes out looking better then the one I had before. I personally recommend the chicken franchese, I'm probably not spelling at right and I probably haven't been saying it right either when I order it but hey it's a great meal so trust me.The service is top notch as most of the time you'll get a member of Lorenzo's family, Lorenzo himself if its not busy, or a Tony Kukoc lookalike who's been serving there for a couple years. It matters as these people have a personal stake in the business so they truly care about their customers. It's different than other places where the waiters will treat you nice to get an extra dollar and forget your face e second you walk out the door.Take chance at this place and I bet you won't regret it
4	Found Lorenzo's by chance.  Absolutely the BEST delivery pizza EVER!!   Can't wait to try the dine in service.
5	This place has the best slices in the Northeast Valley. NY pizza without the NY attitude. They also have fabulous wings. I get them extra crispy and naked. Toss on a little salt and pepper.......... YUMMY.Zero atmosphere and would be a bad choice for a first date but if its you and the family or a bunch of friends you can't go wrong.
5	Great service and delicious food. The staff is very accommodating and you instantly feel like home. Almost everything I've had was good. I love their buffalo, and margarita pizza.
1	This is the worst place for delivery!  They put you on hold for close to 5 min when you call, then it takes well over an hour to deliver the food (we live less than 5 miles away). The food is decent but not worth the hassle of having it delivered.
1	Ordered food an hour and 45 minutes ago for delivery, and they don't show up. Call to see what the problem is and they so oh, there was a problem with your food, we are going to remake it. When I ask why they didn't call, they say they were going to. I say forget it, and they don't even care. They may claim that local, family owned makes a difference. I used to think it did, but service is equally important. Unfortunately, Lorenzo hasn't learned that lesson yet and now I have to go get McDonalds for a 2 year old that is two hours late on her dinner.
5	Stopped in for lunch on a Saturday. They have a great selection of slices  until 4pm. The white pizza with a side salad (tip, ask to add mozzarella) was amazing. They made us a fresh order of garlic knots despite having a plethora on display. The sandwiches come on amazing soft, yet flaky bread. I dipped everything in a big bowl of marinara and was in heaven. The staff was super friendly. Definitely not a first date place, but the best NY style pizza I've found in AZ. I'm a little bummed I've driven by so many times. We'll definitely be getting takeout and delivery regularly.  They'll also sell their dough to take home. I'm in love with this place.
1	Absolutely HORRIBLE customer service!! I've eaten here a few times and the food is decent, especially since there are no good pizza places in N. Scottsdale, N. of the 101,  (which is the only reason I've come back because the service has always been terrible if you actually sit and eat in the restaurant) but beware if you do use a Groupon. We ran into some neighbors a few weeks ago on the last day you could use an expiring Groupon  and after the kids started playing together, we ended up pushing our tables together (this was super early around 530pm so there was room to sit near us). We came in separately, ordered 20 minutes apart, got our food 30 minutes apart and then when it came time to pay our bill, they rang us up together (we didn't ask them to) and were going to refuse to use one of our Groupons. After I said I wouldn't pay full price, the young 20-something manager threatened to call the police on me. I told him to go ahead and I was serious. Meanwhile, they had a wait because apparently, they weren't letting anyone else with a Groupon who knew each other even sit near each other. They ended up accepting both Groupons and then I proceeded to tell them I would never come back. Just horrible customer service and no clue how to treat a returning customer. I actually notified Groupon about my experience because I had purchased an additional Groupon that expires at the end of the year and told them I would never step foot in there again and wanted a refund. Thankfully, they quickly obliged.
5	Just ate at lorenzos. Chicken picatta and garlic knots are off da hook. Closest ny Italian u can get in north phoenix.  Love this place
5	NAKED as in wings, holy crap they were amazing. I ordered naked wings, extra crispy with the sauce on the side. They had to have been the best wings I have ever had. Meaty, not greasy and tasted oh so good. I hit them with a little salt and pepper and just lightly dipped them in the mild sauce.
1	Do not ever order from this place. They ripped us off big time when we ordered for delivery and would not even provide a receipt. We were sooooo overcharged!! When I called to ask why we were so overcharged they were rude. Additionally when we called to order the person who took our order was clueless. To add insult to injury, the order was wrong and cold. Also took well over the time they quoted to get the order. Sad..If I can save anyone from disappointment do yourself a favor and find someplace else to get pizza delivered.
5	OMG - do we love this place!!!!We went in originally with a Groupon, and have continued to return.  My husband and I share a Mediterranean Salad, and a basket of bread knots.  Then we each get a calzone, that are out of this world!!!  I get an all-veggie one, he gets an all-meat one.  They usually are so large, that we can eat only half, and bring the rest home.  Occasionally, we just go for it, and eat the entire calzone, in one sitting!  I get a beer, which is always cold, and my husband gets an iced-tea.This place is so worth the drive - they use the best cheese in our calzones, nice and fresh, mozzarella, and my veggie one is loaded with lots of vegetables!This is probably the best calzone that I have ever had.  One of these days, we'll try a pizza, or pasta - but right now, we like our salad and our calzones!  :)
4	Good pizza close by at a reasonable price. Lorenzo himself delivered our order and was very customer focused.Recommend to anyone who likes good pizza!
5	Buffalo Chicken Pizza, Chicken Roll, Spinach Roll and Garlic knots is what our family likes to order.   The pizza used to be hit-or-miss.  Sometimes the ingredients just didn't seem fresh.  BUT, seems they are doing it right the past few times.  You will NOT go wrong with ordering the rolls.  They are huge and delicious.  I would recommend getting extra marinara for dipping!
5	Hands down, my favorite pizza ever!  I can no longer imagine anything better than Lorenzo's White pizza.  This super simple pie of ricotta, garlic, and mozzarella won me over at first bite, actually at first sight once I saw the size of it.  I owe a HUGE thank you to my husband that could not us.  Had he showed up, he would have insisted on your standard red sauce pepperoni pizza, although I have a sneaking suspicion Lorenzo can conjure up a pretty good pepperoni pie, too.  Even mister red sauce had to admit the leftovers were pretty darn tasty.  And the garlic knots?  Pure doughy deliciousness.  And Shannon M, you displayed the ultimate act of friendship prior to abandoning Arizona, by hooking me up with Lorenzo.  I might need to buy your house just so I can live closer to him!
5	I stumbled upon Lorenzo's on a recent trip to Scottsdale. I was pleasantly surprised at finding NY style pizza. I was raised in New Jersey so I know good pizza when I taste it.
5	I believe this is the best pizza place I have found in Arizona. We go as often as we can. Workers are VERY friendly and I feel very comfortable there. The garlic knots are amazing. I highly recommend this place.
4	Lorenzo's has much improved!  I have ordered delivery from them again multiple times simply because there is NOWHERE else in the area to get pizza delivery from that isn't a cheap pizza chain, and we wanted some better quality pizza for workers that were doing construction, handyman, stereo, television, etc work on our new home we moved into in November.They have delivered much faster, and in fact once I was told they actually put my order in front of someone who called sooner because it was a larger order and would have unnecessarily delayed mine.  Great job Lorenzos!Also, we tried dining in as a family 2 or 3 times.  One of the times there was a Gila monster right outside the door which was exiting.  Service was great.  They were very accommodating with our baby.We are taking out of town company there tonight.Didn't give 5 full stars because they are still rude when they answer the phone sometimes - especially one girl in particular that has an attitude, but that's the only think left that I think they really could work on to improve service.  :-)
3	We were pretty underwhelmed on our first visit here.When you arrive, you don't know if you should order at the front, sit down, or wait to be seated.Once we sat down and ordered, it was probably a 30 minute wait before we got our pizza.I had the Buffalo Chicken pizza, which was fine.  My fiance Anna got the Chicken and Broccoli pizza, which was also fine.  She's from NY, so she's biased, but it didn't live up to the hype, or the good reviews on Yelp.
2	Went to Lorenzo's on a Groupon.  We choose to sit in a booth.  The booth was filthy and later cleaned by the server.  Shouldn't they have done that before we sat down??  My husband is from NY so he is super picky about pizza.  Ordered a regular cheese pizza and Caesar salad.  The salad comes with garlic knots which I wanted to try.  The salad was not crisp, rather it was soggy.  The garlic knots were somewhat greasy.  The pizza was disappointing and lukewarm.  Hard crust and way too salty.  Usually, my hubby can eat several pieces of pizza and this time he only ate two.   Sorry Lorenzo's, we won't be back and thankfully the Groupon paid for everything except the tip.  We took home leftovers and I warmed up a piece.  On a good note, it tasted better when it was bubbling hot.
4	I went here with my family and some friends and we really liked it. I can't eat gluten so I just got the salad, but everyone else seemed to love their meals. For an appetizer they got garlic knots which were to die for. My 2 kids and my husband shared the gran-ma pizza which was with marinara, fresh mozzarella, and basil. I tried a little piece and it tasted just like the pizza in NY. I'm from NY so I know my NY pizza. Overall this was a solid restaurant.
5	We stopped here for lunch after our morning trail ride at Macdonalds Ranch.  We were super glad they were open at 10am since we were still on Ohio time.  They have a good variety on there lunch "ready to eat/by the slice" bar, but we ordered a whole pie made to order and a fettuchine alfredo for one of the kids.  We also got the garlic knots for an appetizer.  All of the food was great.  Crust is thin and sauce is perfectly sweet.  You need a fork and knife to eat it without making a mess.  Staff was super nice.  Prices are reasonable.  Highly recommend.  And, they have free wifi, you just have to ask for the password.
4	Good variety of pizza and pastas, friendly family like staff serving authentic Italian dishes. Put on your must visit list.
1	Ordered: Calimari, Antipasto, Spicey Buffalo Wings, and Garlic Knots.1. Calamari (actually low grade pig rectum slices mixed with a few tentacle bits...seriously, look it up). This is D grade frozen cheap supply, sold as seafood. The only way this can be considered seafood, is if the pig was a surfer, or ate crab legs and shrimp cakes every day of its sad life, waiting to have its turd-cutter transformed into sliced overpriced greasy lies.2. Spicey Buffalo Wings. Yes, it chicken...9 of 12 wings were freezer-burned LEGS, not wings. The chewiness, freezer burn, and overall "wet skin" texture of the heat lamp cooked wings was more like a zombie chew toy, than a delicious chicken wing. Yuck.3.Antipasto...Romain lettuce, sliced CANNED black olives, Sliced Red Tomato, worst provolone I've ever tasted, D-rate salami, and, well, that was it...other than the water-slide water called "Italian Dressing" that came with it. Pepperoncini? Nope. Green olives? Negative. Flavor? Nooooooope!4. Garlic Knots. These dough balls must cheap This crap-shack in operation. Delicious? Nope...but after eating a freezer burned bouquet of bad choices, I guess a near flavorless ball of dough, low grade olive oil (not even 100% olive oil), and flavorless garlic mush, formed into a blown out balloon knot, this became the highlight of our night. In conclusion, I'M ON VACATION, and after a long day of fun, on our last day, decided to waste $40 on straight-up garbage. I'm looking at a pile of wings, half a disabled salad, and a some pig anus rings. The Garlic Knots were superb though! If superb means lackluster bread nuggets.Ps, we drove to get pickup, because delivery was going to be AN HOUR AND A HALF! We're a mile away! How many tastebud-less drones could possibly want to ingest this garbage at once? Hopefully NOT YOU!Add me as a friend if you "Feel" my review! Peace and Prosperity!
3	I'm not a pizza girl, so when DH and I and another couple went to Lorenzos, I was like: hmmm.  DH and I started by splitting an antipasta salad.  Plenty for two, lots of meat and cheese, olives, onions, crisp, fresh lettuce but the house-made Italian dressing lacked oomph.  Needed more herbs, garlic, a touch more vinegar to give it some acidity.  DH ordered a large pepperoni and cheese pizza for himself.  He likes leftovers for breakfast.  (Pizza for breakfast---eeeew!)  I contemplated one of the entrees---they had the Italian basics, but our friend, who is Italian AND has taught Italian cooking classes said she didn't love the sauce, so instead I decided on a "sausage roll".  What is a sausage roll?  Just a delectable roll up of dough around sausage and peppers and ooey-gooey melted mozzarella----it was so tasty.  It was GOOD!  And it came with a little bowl of marinara to dip in.  I don't have an iota of Italian in me, so I probably am not a good judge---I grew up on Beef-Boy-R-Dee and Ragu, but I really liked this sauce.  It was very light, not sweet, almost simple.  The sausage roll wa big enough that I brought home half for lunch the next day.  DH and our friends both really enjoyed their pizzas (they also got a large pepperoni) and everyone had plenty to take home for leftovers.The garlic knots were so-so.  I don't know why they weren't as good as Troni's---they just weren't.Service was pretty good---I mean, it's a pizzeria.   Friendly---a little confused, but they kept our drinks and waters topped and checked in every few to see if we needed anything else.  I thought the place was pretty clean--we sat at a booth next to a window and after a glance at the window sill between the bench seat and the glass, I kept my purse firmly on the seat beside me---ick!---but the seats themselves and the tabletops and the laminated menus were all clean.  DH said it was a totally different vibe from lunch-time, which is his normal pizza-time.  So I enjoyed it and I told DH that next time he has a pizza crave, if he does to Lorenzos he can bring me back one of those sausage rolls for my dinner.
1	sadly the pizza is good but customer service sucks.ive lived in the area for only six months and have probably spent at least $500 dollars there already.the employees are rude. this may be acceptable were there from but not in Scottsdale .we pride ourselves on being courteous and respectful to others. I ordered a pizza and they messed it up.they did not get the ingredients right and were rude and treated us like a college kid trying to get a free pizza. What upset's me is that I ordered pizza from these people all the time. we live in a million dollar home and they know who I iam. But for a $3 mistake on there part they decided to teat us like deadbeats.no loyalty. I will never eat here again. I'd rather give my money to a mom and pop shop that appreciates it.
4	good New York style pizza lunch special.  just over 5 bucks for 2 slices and a drink.  Also a good place to watch world cup on a lunch break. ( even though I don't know what is going on)
2	The "full service" experience at dinner time is lacking.  It's as if they aren't real servers and just want customers tipping on top of the food prices.  No drink refills.  No follow ups to see if everything was OK. Everything slow.  The real kicker was when they accidentally boxed up my pizza to go when it was a dine-in order, and we waited... Waited... Waited and they couldn't understand why people after me were getting their pizzas first.
5	Our server was very friendly. The beer was cheap. The garlic knots were pretty good, and the fried zucchini was just OK. BUT, and I LOVE pizza, the Gran-Ma pizza is worth a trip here... from out of state! It's incredible, very flavorful, and definitely the single best pizza I've had in AZ (and I've lived here all my life - well almost - since I was 10 and was just starting to appreciate a good pizza). I've always been a big fan of Fatso's, and it's pretty close to home, but they have nothing like the Gran-Ma. We'll be back!
2	I would love to give this place a better review because I would much rather have a local pizza than one from a chain.  However, the pizza is just not good.  I got it a few years ago and wasn't impressed and just recently decided to give it another try.  The pizza had soooo much grease on it.  If you don't mind the grease then I guess it doesn't matter, but I am one of those people who dab my pizza with napkins, and there was a lot of napkins used.  The cheese had turned orange from the amount of grease even.  Grease aside I wasn't a fan of the sauce, too much oregano, enough to where it was noticeable.  Crust and other toppings weren't anything impressive.  Sorry to say but I'd take a Domino's or Papa John's over this.
1	Let me starting by saying that I wasn't expecting a mind blowing experience but I was expecting decent. We have limited delivery in our area and we wanted to try something different than your typical fast food chain delivery. Our experience was terrible. We live about ten minutes away and it took over an hour and 15 min get get our order. The caesar salad arrived with dressing on it that was like 3 times the amount of dressing anyone would want on their salad! Who delivers a salad with dressing on it? The pizza was vile. It tasted like soggy cardboard. There was no flavor what so ever and the basil on the too was charred and you couldn't even tell it was suppose to be green. Will not be visiting again.
4	I have stopped here a few times now for their two slice and a soda for 5.00 special. It is very satisfying, I stick with a simple cheese and a side of hot hot hot wing sauce to spice up my shavings. Let me say however that many people like their buffalo chicken pizza which I'm sure is fantastic judging by overall consensus. I would recommend Lorenzo's to anyone looking for an affordable slice of satisfaction.
1	Terrible almost inedible pizza.  So disappointed! Have had pizza and pasta delivery for years and always was great.  This delivery took almost 2 hours even though they said would take 45 minutes.  Pizza was burnt and soggy. Crust inedible.  At least we did not gain a lot of weight. So disappointed!
5	This place is addicting, I eat here all the time, fast affordable and delicious! The buffalo chicken pizza is the best!
