5	All I have to say is ayce sushi AND tapas. Both were excellent. It's only a matter of time before this place will always be packed. So check it out now while it's still new.
5	This place is excellent! The one thing that stands out besides the menu, which I will get to in a moment, is the service. Aaron, our server that evening, was very friendly and offered recommendations which you don't find a lot in the sushi restaurants. The menu has your standard Nigiri and classic rolls such as California and Philadelphia roll. They have a few signautures that I found to be very tasty. One is call the Nacho Daddy. It is served on a chip. I can't remember what type of fish was on it now, but super good. The other was called the Butter-fly. Again I can't remember the fish, sorry, but the roll has peanut butter in the center which sounds weird, but it is really tasty.Other rolls worth trying are the MGM, the Aria, popcorn lobster and the tuna lovers. There are so many items I have to go back to try the rest. This place is soon to catch on with word of mouth advertising. Go before it gets busy. Definitely better than another place just down the road. check it out.
5	Come hungry! Leave happy! Awesome place never seen like this fine sushi restaurant!!!
5	So great! The all you can eat sushi is wonderful my friends and I enjoyed everything! Thank you
5	Prob the best service I have ever had at an ayce sushi. Chana the server was very attentive and helpful. 25.95 for ayce not bad. And the quality of the food was good too. Had the steam pork belly (bossam), very good. If there is only one thing to complain about is only one order of sashimi per person, but I guess that's understandable.
5	GARRRLIC TUNA SUSHI!!! Food and service was great and so was the atmosphere. Been to many sushi joints in town and this one takes the cake. Try the nacho thing on the menu, it is legit.
5	Does Homer Simpson own this place? D'oh, he only likes doughnuts! The family wanted to go to that G-spot sushi but there was a ridiculous 1hour, 45minute wait at 8pm on a Friday night. It was up to me to find a different place. I haven't heard of the people who did the reviews for this place so I was a bit concerned how reliable they were. My sister called Doh to ask if there was a wait since she can sense my patience ran out.We were greeted by friendly hostesses and got seated right away. Our table was in front of the piano. There was live music while we were eating! But the pianist took a break/ went home by around 9pm.The more I think about my experience, the more I like Doh. Last night I was telling myself, this place was not 5-star worthy and all the other reviews were shenanigans! I think I was just hANGRY for thinking that. I couldn't think of a single thing to complain about, well...maybe, the pork belly but our server did warn me about it though. This place serves AYCE sushi and Korean/Japanese tapas for $26 and is ran by Korean chefs and there were maybe 4 of them when we went so our food came out pretty quick. There's a limit on the sashimi, uni and amaebi just like most AYCE places. They have beer, sake, soju and cocktails. Our server was great. He answered all our questions and kept our drink glasses full at all times. He was dealing with a tough crowd: me - the impatient and hungry one, my aunt - with her weird questions, my cousin who's on a strict Mr. Olympia diet, my uncle who was late and extremely hungry...my sis and my bro-in-law who were the semi-normal ones for the evening. We got okonomiyaki, galbi, bossam (steamed pork belly), Vegas toast, shrimp tempura, soft-shell crab tempura, Aria roll, Rock & Roll, Avocado Bomb, Popcorn Lobster, Something Wrong, Screaming O roll, Screaming O salmon sashimi, salmon nigiri, pepper tuna, uni and amaebi. The quality of the fish and seafood was amazing. For dessert, we got a Banana Dream (banana tempura served with green tea ice cream) and a plum wine ice cream. My favorites were uni, amaebi, Screaming O salmon sashimi, and salmon nigiri but here are some remarkable menu items I tried:Soft-Shell Crab Tempura:There's a newer AYCE sushi place on Maryland Parkway and Flamingo that starts with an S that served (all in the past for them now) great soft-shell crab but I was sooo disappointed the last time I went. Doh's soft-shell crab was breaded lightly and the dipping sauce was a bit spicier than most places. I definitely enjoyed this. 5/5Vegas Toast:Breaded and deep-fried ham and cheese roll (no rice). The cheese was oozingly melted. 5/5Okonomiyaki:I thought I already posted a pic before I deleted all the pics but I guess not. Fail! Squid and veggie pancake with katsu sauce, catsup and bonito flakes on top. I screwed up ordering this and I was the only one interested eating it - not because it wasn't good but because it was too heavy and filling. This is not for everybody though especially if you're not familiar with takoyaki and okonomiyaki. I liked it. 5/5Bossam:And now, for the "bad". Steamed pork belly. This is how it's supposed to be prepared though so, our bad for only reading the "pork belly" part expecting marinated and grilled pork belly. This comes with onions and an oyster with gochujang. So since this is indeed bossam and not grilled pork belly this is 4/5.
1	If you have ever read my reviews the one thing about them is that they are strictly honest. No sugar coating involved-Let's start with Atmosphere - open and very nice, friendly feel.. Actually excited for this experience-- Sat down... Waited maybe a few minutes for a waiter/ waitress to approach ask us what we would like to drink-- Tea is not Free you have to pay / wasn't told / that usually means it's not a true authentic Asian Resturant- but I know times are changing. Went to order the tapas but noticed they were very pricey- opted for the all-you-can-eat sushi instead--I critique a restaurant on very simple things, Time I get my food/ how it's presented, if it's hot or cold, and finally the taste.Bland is the word I would use, for all the tapas I tried. Went to order Hamachi Kama on a Saturday night now at 6pm and your Sold Out?? really- ok- but u should tell people who order all you can eat-- that some items are sold out ahead of time-- very rude to just find out-Now this is where it gets scary-- Order my sushi, the usual hamachi, bland, red snapper, bland- just no taste of the fish or maybe it's because they Slice the Fish so Thin that I just tasted the rice it was on? Order soft shell crab- it was great! Ordered Kalbi rock STARK cold-- sent it back.. Sad...Obviously precooked, but ur not busy? Just pure laziness in a kitchen. The Amebi shrimp, sweet shrimp.. Just no taste...Finally I ordered the most simple but yet tastiest things that I always order- Masago with Uzura- egg with Quail egg- I love this but this is what actually happened... I go to order and Waiter tells me, " oh we are sold out of Quail egg" I think ok, nothing new about this place, everything sold out... Done with dinner ordered dessert and out comes a waitress with 6 pieces of Masago with Quail Egg-- WTH!! I call her over and ask, is that Quail Egg, she says Yes... Wow.... So I don't wanna be racist but that was the most Racist thing I ever experienced in a Resturant. The table with Pure blood Asians who speak your language get what you told me, the white half blood and don't speak ur language, was Sold out... What is that?? I confront you by asking why they got Quail egg? And your answer is to smile - and ask if there is anything else we want. No. No- never again, will I be apart of that... Mortified is the word I wanted to use but posting it here feels like justice. Wow-- yah, service was Great! Not..
5	Went back less then a week later and they remembered me by name. Not a fluke this place has the best service in town!!! Along with great food this place is a must for ayce sushi.
2	Mediocre at best. Green tea was luke warm, rolls took longer than usual to be prepared (empty restaurant). Nothing was super amazing, I would rather go to just about any other Sushi place.
5	Finally found a new sushi place to eat for a late nigh grub! This place has a very nice atmosphere and I would say it reminded me of California feeling. The $25 ayce sushi ND tapas is very reasonable ND decent price for what you get! Very good quality and quantity. I usually don't give out reviews unless I fell in love with a place or had a bad experience, and this means is I ACTUALLY FELL IN LOVE WITH DOH! the sushi chef was very nice he made me the ala carte version of the squid nigiri and I loved it!! Thank you again! So if you guys are looking for something to eat after work at night there is DOH to serve you open til 3am everyday!! Maaaaaad props to them!
5	Phenomenal customer service. I don't usually leave reviews, it was that good. Don't beat around the bush, get the all you can eat. Galbi was hands down the best in town. Overall, high quality restaurant. DOh!
1	We had great expectations for this restaurant because it looks like a nice place with good atmosphere.  We did the all you can eat and that was a good thing because the portions were teeny tiny for the price they were asking for each item.  First of all, the sushi was incredibly bad.  The rice was very hard and chewy.  I don't know what kind of rice they use but it is definitely not sushi rice.  The amaebi nigiri sushi was ruined because they poured on some vinegary sauce on the shrimp.  This made the sushi sour and it made it fall apart.  The maguro was not cut in the right direction so it seems the sushi chefs do not know how to slice fish.  The cooked items were better than the sushi except for the very small portions.  We had the Kalbi, bulgogi and shrimp tempura.  The shrimp tempura was terrible.  It was soggy and oily.  Very sad.   Needless to say, we will not be returning to this restaurant.
5	So gf and I decided to eat out at midnight and ended up here because they close at 3am. We always passed this place to go to the sushi place down the street. I'm glad we tried it. Atmosphere and ambiance is nice. Service was polite n attentive. Drinks are priced well. I adore, love n praise sushi.. Seafood period. Quality here is best so far for AYCE setup restaurants. they let you order 1 sashimi item, uni, amaebi n grilled stick items as part of ayce. The fish to rice ratio is perfect in my opinion. I'm more of a nigiri kind but they have excellent n unique tasting special rolls. (WTH roll is my fave thus far) they also include tapas w the ayce which I find convenient. Especially w groups n a person doesn't necessarily is fond of raw fish. Tapas r mostly Korean dishes because the owners are n they also own the restaurant across the street "Tofu Hut". ( that place too). Anyways, I like this place so much I came back 2 days later by myself at 1am lol. Lets just say I won't be going down the street anymore and it's definitely my new go to sushi spot..
3	Service: a tad awkwardSushi: A-OK ;)Korean tapas: DELISH!2 cuisines that I love most: Japanese and Korean. Now there's all-you-can-eat for both?!?! That's great news for me! I can get my sushi and my Korean fix here at the same time and leave EXTRA content. The truth: our server and the sushi chefs were a tad uncomfortable and unnatural while serving us. It almost made us feel a tad awkward ourselves. Maybe some confident, outgoing service staff is in order?Also, the sushi wasn't amazing; however, for an AYCE joint, I really can't complain. I love that they offer sashimi (1 order per person) so we really enjoyed their salmon and pepper tuna, which was a first for me. Their popcorn lobster roll is fun. What really impressed me most were the Korean tapas! One word: KALBI. The kalbi reminded me of how my mom used to make it. It was so tender and marinated perfectly, not too salty but filled with flavor. The skewers are great! The beef tongue was a tad chewy, but still good nonetheless. Their shumai is different than other places but still yummy. I may come back and only order tapas!GREAT variety, lots to offer! 3.5 stars :)
5	We have been to this place twice and absolutely love it! The fish is super fresh and the service is great. We love the decor too. Food comes up super quick. The Screaming O, in our opinion, is one of the best in town (not too sour, not heavy on mayo). If you are like us and like Goyemon for nigiri and I love sushi - for rolls, you would love this place. Don't listen to bad reviews, they probably come from competitors :)
5	I have to give props to this place. This has to be one of the best places I have eaten at outside the strip. It's great! The food is spectacular, everything cooked perfectly with skill. Yes this is all you can eat, BUT not the average mayonnaise rice crap that everyone else does to fill their customers early. Doh's skewers have the perfect lightly grilled char on them that make it taste phenomenal. Their Golgi was the best I've tasted in LV. The staff was super friendly, helpful, courteous, kind. We were seated fast, served fast, and had a wonderful experience overall. I know this place will do well and will be a landmark in no time! Over the course of my stay, I will try to visit this place for all my dinners
5	Doh, I've been craving for you since right after I ate there last week.. I can't even begin to explain how bad these cravings are. I dream about your tuna sashimi with screaming O every night. I imagine myself eating soft shell crab and that Vegas toast every minute. Even though I was ridiculously full after eating there, I'll see you tonight, Doh!
5	Absolutely delicious tapas and fresh sushi that is well prepared. All you can eat is a must, you can order tapas and sushi. Very generous portions, make sure to get the volcano and popcorn rolls. Really attentive staff and diverse menu. Good price for great food and good times.
3	Doh offer some new sushi rolls without rice. The sushi is ok, but too much rice compared to other AYCE sushi places. For the appetizers, they have some great korean and Japanese tapas. The services are very slow. Overall, the food is not so bad!
5	Yummy new Las Vegas AYCE sushi addition, this one also serves Korean style tapas!  The sushi and sushi rolls quality is excellent, with excellent service to boot.  Come later, as the place gets really busy in prime time and you'll get better, faster quality service when there are fewer customers there.  They're open until 3am, so there's time to get hungry so you can indulge.  Highly recommend ordering half rolls so you can enjoy different varieties.  The place is very big and located in the original area of Chinatown before it expanded several city blocks; plenty of parking too as it shares a large parking area with the shopping center.  Besides sitting at the bar, there's plenty of tables.  The waitress came around quite often to make sure they get in all your orders, or you can sit at the bar and directly tell the sushi chef what rolls you want.  Interestingly, they do serve sashimi, but it's one of the ones that you're only limited to 3 pieces.  If sushi isn't your thing, they have quite a bit of non-sushi items such as galbi, okonomiyaki, noodles, fried rice, kalbi, dynamite, gyoza, calamari, and skewers to name a few though some you're limited to ordering one per customer.  As for sushi and roll choices, there's quite a lot of variety and they don't skimp on having originals.  Besides standard sushi rolls, there's a full page of specialty rolls and signature rolls, which I had thought was the same thing but I guess I'm wrong.  I ordered the Something Wrong (soft shell crab with shrimp with salmon, tuna, and dakon on outside), WTH Roll (soft shell crab and cucumber with tuna, spicy crab and jalapeno on outside), and Rock & Roll (tuna, salmon, yellowtail, avacado with cucumber wrap).  They were all covered in sauce but were really good, especially considering it was an AYCE place.  I also ordered a couple of gizzards, galbi, miso soup, sashimi, salmon sushi, and urchin.  I didn't have room for dessert but they have various ice cream including tempura ice cream and something called banana dream.  The price is $25.95 per person (for 60 min), drinks are extra.  Definitely worth going to especially if the other AYCE places have a long wait!
5	Tried the all you can eat, Although some items have a one person per item limit it is still a very good value. The sweet shrimp and sea urchin were really fresh. The sashimi and rolls were excellent. However the tempura ice cream was soggy, it wasn't very good. Still it was a nice dining experience.
3	Place was clean with nice decor. Food was okay...was not blown completely away. Pork bulgogi was too fatty and the gyoza were too crunchy for my taste. Sushi was good though and prices were fare.
4	This Korean sushi/tapas is phenomenal!!!  The sushi really is incredibly fresh which you don't see at AYCE places.  And the tapas are AMAZING!  My favorites are: Galbi (bbq short rib), soft shell crab, meat skewers, and crispy rice sushi.  I wanted to try more but I was soooo full.  The kimichi was a little bland for me (but I like it super hot) and the sushi bibimbap had way too much rice and not enough vegetables.  I also wasn't too fond of the buckwheat anchovy noodle soup as it had very little flavor and was very filling, which is not what I'm going for when I'm trying to eat a bunch of different things.  One thing I didn't like is that they use pickled jalapenos on their dishes- I prefer fresh jalapenos as a garnish. And some of the rolls that said was made with soft shell crab was actually made with fake crab meat.  I get it, they need to save money and can't put the real stuff in AYCE but don't say it's real if it isn't.  Overall a great experiences and we look forward to coming back.BTW- I just LOVE the interior design and decoration.  If I could have dreamed of my perfect restaurant it would have looked exactly like this: with the bookshelf entrance, green/red colors, baby grand piano, and antique style sketches/world map on the walls..... It's just beautiful!!  I kind of wanted to stay and hang out for the rest of the day but my hubby wanted to leave and get back home =)
5	Wow!!! Absolutely amazing!!! Heard about this place from a few friends. They were sure right about as well. Great sushi, great atmosphere, amazing service!! Love that I can get 1 order of sashimi with AYCE! Can't wait to come back!!!!
2	If an AYCE sushi buffet simply offered fresh fish and all the usual suspects for rolls, it would have automatically been 3-4 stars a few years ago.  But fortunately for people in LV, this isn't the case anymore since so many spots have stepped up their game post-Goyemon.  While the service and atmosphere are good, hot rice, some weird interpretations of what they think is "Japanese" and fusion missteps will be the biggest reasons I won't be a returning customer. Getting into details... - I know not to expect authentic cold, well seasoned sushi rice at AYCE but straight out of the cooker is bad.  - What they have on the menu as "okonomiyaki" is NOT that.  I've eaten hundreds of okonomiyaki and this was by far the whackest one of all.  Ketchup on top?  The consistency of a crepe?  Everyone sells a roll called "something wrong".  Maybe they should call this the "something wrong pancake".  - They put a deep fried shrimp head into the miso soup.  Try having that fly well with a native Japanese (my wife).- Amaebi was terrible.  They drenched the thing in sauce and then put tobiko on top.  I assume this was just their way of covering up something else.  - Steamed pork belly was weird.  Koreans eat it this way?  That's like steaming high end bacon.And finally, they had a sushi roll with peanut butter on it.  Not a typo.  My mind's telling me nooooo..but my BODY.  While I respect them for trying to push the fusion envelope, this was terrible.  Peanut butter, avocado, shrimp tempura with crab and fried coconut on top tastes like you would imagine it would.  I don't understand why they thought this would be good.  If they wanted to be extreme, make the whole roll that way.  Pork belly or beef would have been better choices to combine with PB than shrimp and then just put Cheetos all over the mofo.  Tetsuro P. saw that I had checked in here and stopped in to say hello which was cool.  He asked if what they were doing was authentic and I just said "no" without going into any detail since we were right in front of the sushi chef.  Not to say it was a complete loss, there were some good parts.  Their "bomb" which was wrapped in avocado was decent.  The waitress mainly recommended Korean dishes like bulgogi and their skewers which we skipped since we had plans to eat Korean the next day.  I also enjoyed their yellowtail jalapeno.  But it won't be enough for me to come here again.  I would go to Umiya (both Korean owned) over this any day of the week.
2	I had heard mixed reviews, was in the area and thought I'd stop in for a snack. My server was very kind, friendly and the food came fast! Ordered the combination tempura and Korean Ramen. The tempura was cooked well and the selection of veggie and shrimp was great!The Korean ramen was a disappointment sadly... It was instant Korean ramen. The veggies in it were still dehydrated and tough. They did garnish with fresh spring onion however. I would recommend either making real ramen or taking it off the menu. Had I wanted instant ramen I would have gone to the market next door and added water to a $2 bowl. Sorry, just have to be honest and real! I'm hoping their all you can eat sushi is  better. Not sure if I will be back to try it though if they use short cuts in their food..
5	I love this place! My fav roll is the "Butterfly" it has peanut butter in it! So tasty! & I love that their open til 3am!! Everyone needs to try this place!
4	I live in the Chinatown area and noticed this place was new. The atmosphere of the restaurant is great and the service is outstanding. Their galbi is some of the best I've ever had and the quality of their nigiri was also great. Some of the items on their menu were disappointing however, such as their seared salmon--- it was drenched in a lemon sauce that was very overpowering. I think it has earned another shot in the near future and I'm very hopeful that their menu will improve as they continue. If you're in the mood for some AYCE definitely give it a try!
2	Doh! Why did I come here?! On my way to Mr. Tofu when a lady told us we had to try Doh because the food is really good....I definitely regret my decision. This is not an AYCE review so perhaps that may be a better experience.  We tried their items from their tapas menu.  The portion sizes are a joke for the price, quality, and presentation.  They have a regular and tapas size for most of the appetizers.  We ordered the okonomiyaki, bulgogi, galbi, and, Korean ramen, kim chee fried rice.  The okonomiyaki was the only dish that was okay in terms of flavor, but no way amazing...seemed a lot like a Korean pancake disguised as a Japanese dish. We ordered the regular and I honestly cannot imagine how small the tapas portion would be.  The regular kim chee fried rice came in the size of a small rice bowl...and pretty much lacks any real flavor.  We also ordered the galbi regular size and a tapas bulgogi....but when they arrived they both were in the same size dish.  Very sketchy, when we brought it up to the server he seemed kind of confused and wasn't sure if it was regular or tapas size.  It really wasn't rocket science there were literally 3 small slices of beef in the dish....He went back to the kitchen and confirmed they made a mistake.  He then goes on to tell us that we received a regular size bulgogi and that he would allow us to keep it.  How very generous of you?!  This "regular" size bulgogi is in a dish the size of my hand....and I have small hands.  Our regular galbi finally came out and it was what a regular size portion should be...clearly the waiter didn't really do us a favor with the bulgogi.  Perhaps you should just own up to your mistake.  However this is definitely not galbi, it's just kalbi cut off the bone and it really wasn't that tender or flavorful. The Korean ramen looks like instant ramen in a fancy pot/bowl....pretty lame. Being a Korean run establishment....you would think they would do Korean food better.  I've had better Korean food from a food court.  Way better Korean options in Vegas...even in the same plaza.  The positive, I did like the decor of the restaurant.  But overall our server was just awkward and really not that friendly or knowledgeable. Hiring teenagers who don't really care about their jobs is a bad idea for business. I have no plans to return. I was so us satisfied with the meal I went to go grab a snack elsewhere afterwards...
5	New to this place and already a double thumbs up in my book. The restaurant alone is clean and well decorated, awesome interior design, great food, attentive staff and great array of age and ethnic customers. Definitely a family friendly restaurant, highly recommended. Only thing I would is for the staff to bring honey and a teaspoon for their tea. Other than that. I love this place!
3	the food here is really great, especially the all you can eat special but be extra patient for your food and refills!
4	This has got to be one of the best all you can eat sushi restaurants that I've been to I want to suggest getting the soft shell crab tempura as well as the bulgogi beef. These were so good. I'm definitely going to come here again!
1	Back story: I came here my first time about a month and half ago with a party of 7 adults and 2 kids... We were very disappointed with their service time, just getting chopsticks took awhile. But at least the server apologized, food was okay, rolls are really thick and was brought out a decent time... I wasn't going to write a review because I felt that it was forgiving because they are brand new restaurant... Here I am back for the 2nd try (giving Doh the benefit of the doubt).. First off, I came with a party of 3 total. We came around 8:30pm... Right from the door visually there was several tables/ booths available. I asked the hostess how long the wait was for 3 and she said 30 mins not because there isn't a table available but because not enough servers.... Really?! Our server's name was Dan. He started off really nice and honest, he even denied an item off the menu and honestly said he didn't like the way it taste.. This is my 2nd time here and it hasn't improved since my first visit.. Incident #2 the First Lady who dropped off our first dish didn't know what she was dropping off when we asked what it was.. We asked our server politely for refill of water and after the third time he finally got us a refill but he took our cups from our table and brought them to the kitchen and can back with our refills but before coming back to drop off our water he stopped at the computer to place another party's order. Really?? That's hella sketchy?! What made it more sketchy was that my boyfriends refilled hot green tea looked like there was bubbles of spit! SKETCHY!!!! Why is it okay to bring back our cups to the back for a damn refill! As many of other things I can criticize from service and food there's plenty... trust me when I say I will not recommend this place to eat or ever come back. This restaurant needs A LOT OF WORK!
3	Not impressed at all. Was fiending for sushi and one of my friends suggested Doh because it was a new restaurant she wanted to try out. The restaurant is nice, open, and clean. The AYCE sushi price is about the same as most others in town and their sushi is okay. Not horrible, but not great either. Service is pretty nice, but a bit awkward and  not very knowledgeable. My friend asked for a Dr. Pepper when one of the servers took our drink orders. She left and came back to tell us they didn't have any Dr. Pepper. So my friend asked for a Pibb (she had to go and check to see if they had that as well). When she came back she suggested a ginger ale...because it is the most obvious substitute? Also one of the girls bringing out our food didn't know what half the rolls were. Down to my biggest problem with Doh: CONSISTENCY. Although the presentation was very appetizing, their dishes had a huge problem with consistency. I can stand for the garnishes and the way they plate the same dishes to be different, but food should always stay the same. Some of the rolls we ordered and liked, did not taste as good when we ordered a secondary roll. We also ordered the buttered scallops and literally every single piece had varying textures. I wasn't going to eat anymore after my first piece (way too soft and fell apart) but my friend said that they were all different. I didn't actually believe her until I kept popping them into my mouth and discovered how right she was. All in all, Doh is an okay restaurant. There are much better AYCE sushi places in town that are the same price as Doh; unless I was dragged back, I wouldn't go here again.
5	Best AYCE sushi in Vegas! Must try the 911. I'm usually not a big fan of miso soup but I had 3 on top of all the rolls my boyfriend and I ordered. The interior is cozy and the service was fast and friendly. Definitely recommend sitting at the bar. I will be back!
4	I came into this restaurant for the first time on a whim as I was passing by to originally eat at "Mr. Tofu" but was not disappointed by my abrupt change of plan. The restaurant itself was very spacious so there is more than enough room to accommodate for a large number of people. At first impression, the place has a nice modern/hip atmosphere to it, which is nice for those looking for a casual outing with some friends or family. I have eaten at numerous sushi spots in town so I was excited to see how this would measure.I came with my 63 year old mother and we OWNED the AYCE menu. At $25.95 a head, we definitely ate our monies worth. To be honest, I would have rated the food at 3 stars had it not been for the fantastic service from the waiters/waitresses. My waiter was Pat, who was extremely helpful, patient, and friendly. The food itself was very mixed. Some things were good and some were bad. For me this is a list of some of the food I thought tasted good or bad:Good:-Soft Shell Crab Tempura-Dragon Roll-Rock n Roll -Salmon Sashimi-Tuna Sashimi-Yellowtail Nigiri-Salmon Nigiri (although the cuts were thin and small with a lot of rice)Bad:-Uni (Sea Urchin) Nigiri - TERRIBLE. I've head plenty of sea urchin before but this was NOT FRESH at all. It came to me slimy and it tasted like plastic, SHITTY PLASTIC. -Mackerel Nigiri - Dry-Beef Tongue Skewer - Disappointed in the taste.Again, it was very mixed, but try what you can as your palate may differ from mine. Overall, I would not mind visiting again. It may not be as highly ranked as my usual sushi spots (Oyshi or Goyemon), but it does a good job.
1	Came in on a Saturday. I must say their service is a bit slower so if you are really hungry for ayce, go somewhere else. They also seemed unorganized. For some reason all of our sushi orders were coming in but not any of our fried orders. Guess why?? They were sending it to the wrong table next to us!! Awesome. Also, it must be cool for sushi chefs to be drinking while making sushi. I bet if they weren't drinking maybe the food will come out quicker. Hmmmm idk?
4	**Summary**       - Ponzu & Screaming O sauce - They do those two sauces great here. It's worth a try.       - Eel sauce - I usually really like eel sauce, but the eel sauce here is just too rich.       - Nigiri - 1st order had thick & fresh slices. Ordered Halibut on a second and it was thin & dry. Not sure their base line.       - Choose wisely - What we ordered ranged from delightfully delicious to bland & dry.       - Decor - The inside has a very modern classic look with the giant map on the wall, bookshelves & Da Vinci like sketches on the wall.       - Rating - I'm giving it a 4 star since we can just avoid the terrible items next time we come.**AYCE**       - $21.95**Ordered**       - Skewers - Tender, but not salted. You'll have to salt yourself.       - Dynamite - Didn't expect the eel sauce on top. I would of preferred without it.       - Fish Cake Soup - Bland fish cake and I didn't care for the soup either. I'll stick with miso next time.       - Soft shell crab - Lacked flavor.       - Spicy Tuna Salad - The spicy tuna was very bland and there was no sauce or flavor to the salad in general.       - Gabli - Short Ribs - Not as tender as I was expecting. Probably wouldn't order it again.       - Bulgogi - Very dry.       - Bossam - Steamed pork belly - Was expecting the marinated pork belly from Goyemon. Got dry & tasteless instead.**Rolls**       - Something Wrong - Shrimp tempura, spicy soft shell crab with tuna, salmon & ponzu sauce on top. One of my favorite rolls. They do ponzu sauce great here. Everything in this roll went perfectly with each other.       - Screaming O - Spicy tuna with screaming o sauce on top. It's your standard Screaming O made into a roll. If you like the classic, you'll like the roll.       - Butter-Fly - Shrimp tempura, peanut butter (yes, the ones that go in sandwiches) with imitation crab meat, coconut shavings, yum yum sauce & eel sauce. I wouldn't order it again, but it's nice to say you've had it.       - Popcorn Lobster - Cali roll with some fried thing on top smothered in eel sauce. Wasn't a fan of the eel sauce an the "baby lobsters" weren't impressive either.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for sushi with a slight twist. Be careful what you order though since the tasty scale varies greatly at this place.
2	wth! first off, my family waited upfront for 10-15 mins without being greeted or acknowledge atleast. tables were filthy and no one was bussing tables. SLOW SLOW SERVICE. it was an average crowd. It wasn't that busy for them to be flustered. They were everywhere and unorganized. 3 different servers were helping us. we were getting our food before the people that got there before us too. Good for me sucks for those guys. I was really disappointed because I enjoyed my 2 visits here. the uni sucked, the sashimi wasn't the same as I had before but the other rolls n nigiri were good. We had the aria, butterfly, wth, baked salmon rolls. Tapas were good too. We had bulgogi, Galbi and chicken katsu. Their baked mussels are still bomb. the service ruined it for me but for the food that we did enjoy...we'll give em another shot. Just not right away.
4	Newly opened,  very nice atmosphere . Very clean, great service. The sushi was delightfully fresh.  The sushi doesn't have too much rice. .The banana with vanilla ice cream tasted oily and it seemed like the oil. They used was used before . I took a small bite and didn't like it.1
2	This place is a disaster.Food Review:3/5 Avocado Bomb - Ok this roll had no rice. WIN! I don't like rice much. It's literally a ball of stuff, shaped into a bomb. In order for you to eat it, you have to destroy it. Comes with spicy tuna, red onions and advocado.5/5 Tuna Sashimi - Size is alright, it came with three pieces. But hey, fish was amazingly fresh.0/5 Tuna Nigiri - Rice to fish ratio: 5-1. You're basically eating rice. Nope. NO. Not getting this again.0/5 Nacho Daddy - what the hell is this? I was hoping there were would be no cheese. Yup, no cheese. But it's just so weird. They use the chips that you get from a Mexican supermarket. Yup, the very thick ones. Gross.4/5 Chicken Katsu Tapa - Ok, this was one was good. But it would be nice if there was a small plate of rice that came with it. Chicken wasn't overly cooked or chewy.4/5 Beef Tongue, Chicken Gizzard & Bacon wrapped asparagus - You can get only 3 grilled items of off AYCE. I picked this 3. Good. Wasn't burnt on the grill and decent serving.5/5 Soft Shell Crab - A must! The crab is not overly soaked in tempura. Crab still had good meat in there.2/5 Baked Green Mussell - Not a lot of sauce, too mussell-y. Not sauce-y enough.0/5 Crispy rice -This is supposed to be a crispy rice with spicy tune on top. OMG, the crispy rice was seriously stale. Hard and chewy. Gross.3/5 Spam Musubi - Bite size! Spam to rice ratio: 1-1. Good, but the spam wasn't flavory enough. Usual spam musubi is marinated in some kind of sauce.Overall Food: 3 starsNow onto the service. Flat out ZERO. There was no hostess. We had to wait for one of the servers to sit us down. Server asked us what kind of drinks we wanted. He left for a good 10-15 minutes. The table next to us (table of 3, like us) who were seated after us got their drinks and their food order in. Us? Nope. **SUMMARY**Food is alright, service? I'd rather serve myself.
5	They GOOD!!!Went here with my sister and her boyfriend, we did all you can eat and, boy was it awesome, the food came quick and the service was very friendly!We ordered many rolls but the ones that stand out to us was:- Nacho Daddy : it was different in a good way also spicy- Aria Roll: this crunchy roll was my favorite and came with two sauceLooking forward to coming back here real soon!
5	21$ all you can eat anything off the menu! It doesnt get better than that.  Best sushi ive had in vegas! Fish is very fresh and over 40 rolls to chose from
4	If you scroll through 95% of my AYCE reviews, I'd rate them average at best. They are mostly just cookie cutter. Absolutely nothing special. Same rolls, same quality, same "flavors." Just all the same. Browing through the pictures for Doh, we decided to give it a chance. Luckily we walked away surprised.What makes this place immediately different than the rest? A few factors, really.1. They are actually pretty fast at getting orders out. Surprisingly fast.2. There is a little extra in terms of flavor via small details like yuzu, extra greens, or just presentation.3. Not everything is an overloaded roll of rice, though instead there is a lot of overloading of imitation crab. At least that's a better alternative.4. The interior is shockingly fresh for being in Chinatown.Anyway, here's what we had. And yes, you can get half rolls.- Seared salmon: Very slight searing with light yuzu. Just as you expect.- Yellowtail: It's yellowtail.- Sweet shrimp: It's sweet shrimp.- AYCE size galbi: Marinade is good, portion is small, and meat is decent. I like that the portion is small so you aren't overwhelmed.- Rock n Roll: Probably one of the best rolls in terms of value. No rice, three kinds of fish, wrapped up in cucumber.- Avocado bomb: You'll look forward to this unique looking creation because it's a huge ball of rice and crab with avocado on top. It does not taste like a lot, though, and that's unfortunate.- Garlic tuna: I thought it needed stronger garlic flavor. It had a nice touch of Korean spices sprinkled on top.- Yellowtail and jalapeno sashimi: wrapped up and pretty with greens and a light sauce. Worth it.- Albacore with jalapeno sashimi: not as good as the yellowtail, but the jalapeno also appeared pickled.- Spicy salmon handroll: it is what you expect. Also, very spicy.- Red Rock Roll: heavily sauced and kind of mediocre.- Green tea: I like. It's matcha powder.Yeah, we had a lot. Mixed in terms of full and half rolls so we could try a bit of everything. We enjoyed our time here and would certainly be back. And FYI, same people who run Tofu Hut.
4	All you can eat sushi in one hour for $25.99/person.  Kids under 12 are half price.Oh boy, did we stuff ourselves? yep, we sure did. We couldn't finish the rice that came w/ our sushi, so they charged us 5 bucks.  This was all you can eat sushi, and only one order of sashimi per personWe ordered at least 20 items on their menu for two adults, 4 kids under 8fried rice was blandOur sashimi - very fresh salmonPoke salad - very tasty and spicybaked salmon roll, avocado roll, spicy tuna roll, popcorn lobster roll, baked green mussels etc.. = from fair to goodIce cream with banana tempura, mochi ice cream - yummyNice and clean interior.  Quick service.  Our waitress was helpful.  Bathroom was ok, not so clean.  We were here during the holiday.  They probably were too busy.  Overall, we would come back.
3	I'm disappointed. The quality of food and service on my second visit diminished greatly. It seems to me that they strived to have delicious and high quality food for the first month, then became complacent and allowed the service and the food to go downhill from there. How unfortunate. I don't eat much but here are my complaints. Why is the rice so dry? It's so easy to cook rice and this is a sushi restaurant. That is completely unacceptable.Meanwhile, the order in which the food was brought out made no sense. We ordered miso soup, salads, nigiri, kalbi, pork belly among other items. Why brought out the main entrees first? Wouldn't it make more sense to bring out the soup and salads right away? And how is it that the bowl of rice was brought out last? All you have to do is scoop it out of the rice cooker into a bowl and serve it. Also, we were unimpressed at how dry and tasteless the pork belly was, as if it was made and sat out for a long time. Lastly, I wanted to order a la carte but the waiter assumed we all wanted the all you can eat option. We weren't even asked whether or not to go with the all you can eat. Terrible service.
5	I knew about this place only from the signs inside of tofu hut saying they were open. My friend wanted to meet for sushi in chinatown so I told him I had heard about this place but had never been. We walked in and were surprised, it's very spacious inside and the decor is not bad either. We sat down and our server Bo was attentive and super funny. We ordered mainly nigiri which was great and were really impressed to see that there was an option for sashimi on an all you can eat menu :) it is limited to one order per person but its a nice change from the usual. We also had some of the Koran tapas which were super yummy. The only negative thing for me were the skewers. The tenderloin had a lot of chewy muscle tissue meaning its not tenderloin at all and the bacon wrapped asparagus, the bacon was nice and crispy but the asparagus was burnt to sshh... But I would definitely go back. Thank you for the great experience Bo!!!
5	This place was excellent I liked everything I tried . If you like peanut butter you must try the butter fly roll it was delicious. The ayce is a great deal & the staff is friendly and professional.
3	When I saw a new AYCE sushi place had opened up, I knew I had got to try it at one point or another. Not only did they have AYCE SUSHI, they had AYCE tapas along with it! So when my friends came to visit me, we all went to Doh to try them out. Let me start out by saying that Doh gives off a very modern vibe, in fact, it doesn't even look like a Japanese restaurant to me if it weren't for the sushi bar in the back. And surprisingly, it took them a tad bit longer than necessary to give us a menu and take our drink preferences down. I don't know about everyone else but for me, when I look at the menu, it is more than obvious that their nigiris are not the star of the show. The nigiris and sashimi only take up a corner of the menu. While their variety of rolls took over the rest of the menu and on the other side of the menu is their variety of tapas. I was a little disappointed because I am a raw fish eater. However, I am quite glad that they had some out-of-the-traditional rolls because one of my friends is a roll eater and then the tapas was perfect for my non-sushi friend. Now let's get down to business:Salmon sashimi. I believe there is a one sashimi order per person rule and I LOVE salmon. However, the ones that Doh served me were not up to my standards. Fresh? Maybe. Quality? No bueno. I bit into it and ... it took work. It was stringy -- not sure if that's the right word for it since I only know the Chinese term. Not only that but it wasn't quite as flavorful as I expect salmon to be. Squid nigiri. I was actually expecting this to come out like the one in the picture, with the squid design and everything ... alas, that is not what came out. So I asked the server about it and he said that the squid nigiri only comes out like that if it was an a-la-carte order. Well, okay then. Though, he was really nice and offered to see if the chefs can make an order for me with the squid design, and they did. I was very grateful and happy! It looked good but they made it quite ... huge. It was a little awkward trying to eat it. Uni. It was a really odd experience for me when I was eating these at Doh. I'm VERY picky with uni because I can't stand uni that isn't FRESH (which is like all of the ones in Vegas amirite?) One of the uni pieces was not fresh -- tasted like salty ocean water with no sweetness to it. On the other hand, the other piece, was actually just fine. Aannnndddd with that concludes my raw sushi adventure at Doh. The salmon sashimi just completely turned me off to trying any other nigiris. Butterfly roll. I do believe this is the roll that has peanut butter in it. I applaud the creativity behind this but no, just no. For me, when I taste peanut butter, I'm expecting to taste some bread with jam along with it. This completely threw my senses into a spinning room. It just didn't mesh well with the ingredients either. I was either tasting the other ingredients in the roll or the peanut better. It doesn't combine well. It also filled me up quite fast.WTH roll. This is supposed to be a spicy type of roll. I had asked the server if this roll was better or the "Nuts on Fire" and he recommended this one. Unfortunatelyt, I don't really remember much about this roll other than the fact that it was huge and I can't put a whole piece in my mouth. I ate the top and the bottom separately so I can't really give a good description of whether or not it was good. Plum Ice Cream. STAY AWAY FROM THIS. THIS TASTE LIKE BUBBLE GUM WITH A HINT OF PLUM. I couldn't really stomach this down :(One of my friends ordered their Las Vegas roll and something else -- can't quite remember which one. Then the other friend ordered a bunch of katsu and meat from the tapas. There wasn't really a tapa dish that stood out to us aside from the Vegas toast. The Vegas toast is pretty much toast with ham and cheese then deep fried. It was done nicely and we ordered like 3 of these haha. Not really what you call Japanese cuisine but hey, whatever is good. To top it off, service is a little on the slow side. I normally don't really pay much attention to it when I'm with friends cause we're usually chatting up a storm. However, we were doing an AYCE option so there IS a TIME LIMIT. I was a bit worried but that's about it. Overall, this place is average. If you are a RAW SUSHI EATER, I don't believe that Doh is a very good option. But if you are eating with a bunch of people and you all have different preferences, this is a pretty good place. For those that don't like sushi can eat tapas and for those who do like sushi have a bunch to choose from.
1	I'm not going to lie... When I read that Tofu Hut, the grungy, I'm-broke-but-want-kbbq-right-now AYCE restaurant opened a Japanese tapas and sushi restaurant, I was a bit hesitant. Have you SEEN the bathroom there?I was running around town with my family in tow and since it was an off hour, we decided to try it out.The interior was frankly shocking. An antiquated library meets formal study. Lots of wood work and molding everywhere. Love the interior design. Spacious and open. Full sushi bar in the back.  Very nicely designed.When I asked the quiet but polite server some questions about the space, she politely responded that she didn't know.We ordered up! And how did it fare?As far as highlights and lows...-The seafood ramen was rich and generously portioned. -The breaded chicken was just awful. Seriously awful. Dry, chewy, and tasted like it was frozen an hour ago. -Bulgogi was spot on. -the okonomiyaki was such a bastardized version of real, honest-to-Japan messy goodness that is made me feel so sad. This was like a pizza version.-Everything else was pretty average aka forgettable. The general rule for doh seems that their Korean dishes are above average but the Japanese ones are just wacky and poor in execution.A lot of the dishes needed to come out when they done to ensure they were hot but since the timing of the kitchen was off or the server was waiting got a few to take, some of the dishes were cold!Now for the music. Yes, music. Clearly someone's iPod on shuffle. Now, before I get slammed for anything, I really like kpop and jpop. Super junior, GG, beast, etc. But the playlist would play one English song quietly, followed by three really loud Korean songs. Then, at 3pm on a weekday, my family and I had the pleasure of listening to some song by Nikki Minaj and Eminem featuring F bombs and lots of colorful language. Awkward.It took a long time to get all of our food and there were very few people in the restaurant.Not to mention, as customers arrived, they sandwiched us all in a row in this huge restaurant. Come on, spread us out a bit! If this restaurant works out some pretty big issues, it could be awesome. But it has a long way to go.
4	The atmosphere is nice and the staff was friendly. I came here during lunch and what also caught my eye was that their AYCE sushi & tapas was only $22. That's pretty cheap if you compare that to other places. I usually get nigiri instead of rolls. Started off with yellowtail and salmon and I must say, it's really good. The slices of fish are just right. Not too thick and not too skinny. It tasted fresh and flavorful. The rice kinda just tasted like regular rice instead of sushi rice. If you're a nigiri type of person, I say go for it. Now the tapas. I got the soft shell crab tempura, shrimp tempura, beef tongue skewer, butter scallops, and steamed pork belly. Everything was pretty damn good EXCEPT for the steamed pork belly. You would think that this place being owned by the people of tofu hut would make their pork belly taste well, sadly it doesn't. It tasted bland and didn't come with any type of sauce. Their beef tongue skewer is to die for!!!! It's so good but unfortunately you can only get one skewer per person ): Lastly, I got the green tea tempura ice cream and it was okay. The tempura to ice cream ratio was off. If their was more ice cream it would've been perfect!
4	After reading reviews on Doh I find myself perplexed/surprised by the negative comments on food, furniture to music.Furniture should be comfortable, regardless of looks ...my place was the sushi counter. Chairs are ok ...a tad low for a 6 footer, but I'm not gonna trash a restaurant for their furniture. Music should be background; a tad loud for my preference with varied selections. Better if Doh keeps the music mix to one genre.This is my second trip here in 4 days...I must admit I paid no attention to the above issues until I read the comments.On food ....all my orders AYCE came out yum yum yummy On beer...... Nice cold Hite On service .....A-1 from servers to sushi chefs.I can't understand why we have such complete opposite experiences.This is a big restaurant and may not be simple to fill all the seats, but, with 4 sushi chefs on a Monday night I can't tell you how fresh my sushi bites were. I suppose every story has 2 sides .....free yourself, free your mind...Finally I say, tip your servicers.
5	Great customer service, decor, atmosphere, chefs are courteous, and accommodating. Already referred several people and we haven't even left the restaurant. We are avid connoisseur of sushi and sushi restaurants. You can choose from all you can or entrees.
5	We are locals and eat out a lot. We love the food options around here. When it comes to sushi, we are pretty picky. Today we decided to try the new spot. All you can eat for $26. "Wow"!!! We were impressed with everything we tried. Especially the "Butter-fly" a unique roll with crab shrimp coconut and peanut butter. Sounds weird but it's a pleasant party in your mouth! Lol ;) coco shrimp and something wrong were great. Side dishes like short rib, different meat skewers and fried rice.. All Good! Great variety on the menu topped off with excellent service. They were attentive, friendly and very welcoming. We highly recommend DOH!
5	Came here with my parents and it was great! Service was awesome and the food was delicious. Rolls were made fresh to order and the AYCE made it all the more better. The servers were attentive and nice. The portions were also pretty good sizes, and the sashimi was fresh and spiced amazingly. Not sure why there are so many negative reviews, the decor was nice and comforting, and I'm not sure why anyone would comment badly on that either. Overall, food was amazing and it would recommend it to anyone who is near this restaurant!P.S.  Try the butterfly roll (unless you're allergic to peanuts), MGM roll, Vegas roll, and the soft shell crab tempura. All favorites of ours!
2	Came here for our date night.. we gave been wanting to check this place out for a while. We really the decor inside but the sushi bar didn't really blend in with the flow of the restaurant...the lighting was really bright and didn't set the mood. We did not do the ayce and I am really glad we didnt. We wanted a light snack before we had a night out in the town. We had the #1 and the pork belly, also the gyoza, California roll, spicy tuna roll, and the beef tongue skewer.The #1 item was totally gross. It was almost like a thick tortilla with bacon that wasn't cooked right and lots of ketchup and mayo. Please avoid this item. We didn't eat it but didn't send it back because we had already sent back 1 item and didn't want to be rude.The beef tongue skewer was bland. No flavor no salt no anything and was too chewy and fatty.My husband had the pork belly and said it tasted like it was microwaved and not cooked.  It looked gross and I am glad I didn't taste it.The gyoza was okay I really did not like the sauce it came with it was sticky too thick and sweet. I prefer Ponzu sauces with my gyoza.The California roll was consistent but the seaweed was too chewy and I almost couldn't swallow it.. The item we send back was the spicy tuna roll. I love spicy tuna rolls but this was just awful. It was overly fishy and was all chunky and pieces of the tuna were stuck together..yuck.I am not a negative Nancy but I work at a sushi bar restaurant on the strip and I know what good quality sushi and tastes are. And Doh simply didn't hold that standard. I was really disappointed because I had been looking forward to dining here. We left unsatisfied.. Our favorite part was the chardonnay we had and the green tea tempura ice cream. Sadly we won't be a part of your business unless menu changes are made.
4	It was my first time here n I have to say, I love this place!! Their AYCE dinner menu includes the Tapa menu. There was at least 10 of us at a table n our waitress was exceptional, our drinks always full, she always came by to take any more orders & the food came quickly.  Their Nigiri's was fresh, as for the rolls & Tapa's no complaints there, everything was on point.  I'LL DEFINITELY BE COMING BACK!!!
5	This place is seriously AMAZING! I've never had sushi with such flavor! I've always visited other sushi restaurants and they were just whatever.. But this one is great. I usually go to Yama sushi and always thought it was the best in town and I feel bad saying this but this place is way better. Definitely check this joint out!!!! Oh, and the presentation of the dishes are amazing!!!!!
4	There aren't many vegan options on the menu but the waitress we had was super friendly and accommodating! She knew the menu inside/out and helped me choose a few tapas that would work with my dietary needs. Everything I had was good, not amazing, but I'm just happy they worked with me on the menu. My carnivorous friends thought their items were phenomenal! We did chose to get our items a la carte because we weren't super hungry and for about 12 items, 2 beers and one of those girly drinks, our total was just under $60.
5	WOW!!  What a AWESOME resturant this was. From the wonderful hostess to getting the bill was all flawless, I don't know how they train their staffs, they were all up to par and professional. Foods I thought was better than what they offer in the casino and half the price!!  For a local AYCE Resturant, they carry some unique dishes that others don't have which means more selections. Location for us was little far but who cares!! Beautiful setup, large sushi bar, and most importantly CLEAN!!
2	Went here for lunch and wanted to try it because our friends told us how good it was. The restaurant itself is nice and clean. I didn't go use the restroom so cannot tell you about that.We ordered some tapas and rolls. They were all just okay. My favorite roll is the spicy salmon roll, but this place absolutely butchered it.  The salmon was in big chunks and sauce was meh and looked unappetizing. I like the salmon to be chopped up a lot more with a lot of spice.Bulgogi was cooked in some generic teriyaki sauce. It didn't even taste like real bulgogi, but, meat was okay.We also ordered the sashimi bibimbap (for Koreans hwe dup bap). The sauce was good but the white fish in it tasted terribly fishy. The other fish in it, tuna and salmon, were okay.  All the other rolls we ordered were california rolls with some sort of topping - caterpillar roll and lobster popcorn roll. Lunch came out to 60  + with tip and drinks and definitely not worth it. Should have went to Mr. Tofu where we originally were going to go because we thought this place was closed during the day.  Better than Naked Fish sushi? No way!
5	This place is awesome AYCE sushi. The rolls are really good and not drowned in sauces. So far I have been there like 10 times and everything was great from the rolls to the BBQ. The decor is pretty nice as well for being in Chinatown.
5	This is my new favorite sushi place. They have everything. The fish is fresh tasting and comes out quickly. Their tapas are delicious. They have a huge menu with a variety of different foods. They are clean, attentive, and nice.I really don't have any complaints about this place except I wish that their pork belly was grilled instead of steamed.The only problem I ever had here was on Valentines day when it was completely packed and the server took forever to get us food. Of course, it can't be helped and I'm positive he didn't mean to take so long. Every other visit before has been great.
5	We host our company event over here. everyone was very happy with the quality of food, the environment, and the service.All fish meat is fresh and well-prepared. We were ordering from all you can eat menu so we had the chance trying out all the roll they have. Their rolls are nicely done and decorate nicely.All other kitchen items are also prepared nicely. all favors is good. People working over there are very helpful. they are very decent restaurant.
4	I just ate here for lunch. 21.95 all you can eat sushi and off menue sushi costs about 11 per roll. the place was quite clean and since it is new everything looks nice and stylish. its a fairly large space for a sushi restaurant so thats a pluss if you want to have a lot of folks meet somewhere for sushi, this might be a good place. I sat at the sushi bar and it wasnt very crouded the hour i arived so chef Alan?  I think that was his name of the chef i sat near, was able to give a lot of individual attention to my order recomending items and talking about the design of the menu. I was very entertained by this and his sushi was all quite nice and pretty.
5	Still my favorite sushi place in Vegas! I order the same thing every time, all the things in the pictures! Yuuuum!!
4	Haven't had such good sushi in a long time. If you ever come to las vegas and wanted sushi, this place is it. The menu was huge and lot to chose from. I came here and did all you can eat and have to say that i was not disappointed.A friend of mine that lives in vegas informed me of  this place and i wanted to thank her at this time.  Everything was really good as well as the sushi. Their rolls are decorative and really flavorful. I definitely got my moneys worth here. A must eat in my judgement book.
4	I'm not sure what the reason is for all of these low ratings. Overall my experience was pretty great. Doh sushi and tapas serves an AYCE menu of Japanese/ Korean sushi and tapas.Doh gives off a very modern classic setting, very different from what is currently in Chinatown. In the front of restaurant you will find a study with wooden bookshelves. Feels like a scene out of the popular korean soap opera, Coffee Prince. There's a huge map on the walls of the restaurant. I like that they did not stick to the typical solid walls because it forces you to take minute and experience the restaurant and notice things like the molding throughout the restaurant,the color schemes they chose, and the sushi bar in the back.I tend to overeat whenever I go to AYCE restaurants but that's the point...The problem with stuffing your face until you are at the point of bursting is that most dishes start becoming forgettable unless they were amazing! Dishes that would normally be good also start tasting like they lack or overdid something. I did not like all of the dishes that I ordered but some of my favorite were;-The Bulgogi -Dragon Roll-Salmon Sashimi-Salmon skin salad-Avocado BombTheir servers did miss a few of the items that we tried ordering but we were so full towards that middle of the meal that we decided not to even mention it. Service can be a bit slow but there is a server that walks around to check up on you and see if you would like to order anything else. I suggest requesting half rolls because not every roll is great. My experience here was pleasant. I love the interior of the restaurant.
1	Tiniest sushi ever. Pass on doh. Didnt do all you can eat and did the ala carte nigiri. The size for 4$ a piece was insulting. Walked by a table who was doing AYCE and low and behold their pieces were normal size. The guy kept trying to talk us into AYCE but being it was our first time I wasnt trying to commit to 26 bucks a person when I wasnt sure of the quality. The pork belly was WAY over done and was dry. The sake on the menu under gingo lists a $20 bottle thats 720 ml but when we ordered it he delivered a 300 ml bottle and said it was a "mistake on the menu" WHAT?! THEY SHOULD AT LEAST CROSS THAT OUT. Horrible experience. No. Just no.
4	So after much acclaim from friends on Facebook and Instagram, I decided to give this place a try. First off, for a Friday night, I was presently surprised that we were able to get seated right away. We were prompted with friendly greetings and looked over the menu. Maybe it's just me, but I love the huge "Doh" on the back wall where the sushi chefs are stationed. The whole set up in the place is really nice and I give them an A+ on that. The good thing about this place is, for a $25.00 price you get all you can eat sushi AND tapas. I was not expecting that, but I had no problem with ordering off of both menus. The time limit is one hour, which isn't much time if the place is busy. I can honestly say though that we were there for well over an hour and it didn't feel as if we were rushed or forced out.As for the food, we ordered the BAKE GREEN MUSSELS and the GYOZA. Both of which were standard in their appearance and taste. Nothing jumped out at me. I did order the KIMCHI FRIED RICE which I really liked. They give you a pretty decent sized portion, so it is definitely good for sharing. The rolls were fairly standard as well, like the CRUNCH ROLL and LOBSTER POPCORN ROLL. They were good, don't get me wrong and I thoroughly enjoyed them. Maybe it's just me getting bored with rolls, but let me tell you their SALMON NIGIRI was perfection. A fresh cut of salmon with the right balance of rice. And the UNI was as fresh as I'v ever had it. Presentation is key, as we all know food tastes only as good as it looks and I was very happy with everything!Through this, it may not be the most surprising sushi place in the valley, but I do think that it is a pretty darn good place. I would definitely come back for the nigiri and to try some of the tapas, including the ramen!I recommend this place to all sushi fanatics, go out and explore the world of DOH!
3	Service was slow. Water glass goes empty. The sushi was fresh but doesnt taste good. The sauce over powers the sushi.
1	H-O-R-R-I-B-L-E!!!!!!! Omg I was soooo disappointed by this place. I've been meaning to try this place for quite some time now, but I was completely let down.  It took us about 10 minutes until someone approached us to get our drinks ordered, but that's only because I had to get their attention first. The food took FOREVER to come & when it did, I wasn't as impressed as I thought I would be. Their rolls were all "average" to me. Nothing in particular that stood out. They were out of the beef tongue & chicken gizzard skewers which was the reason my cousin & I wanted to go there in the first place. Their only good appetizer/tapas was the beef galbi. They forgot to bring us our baked green mussels & sashimi as well. Our waters were always running empty. Service is exceptionally slow and our waiter didn't bother writing some of our orders down which ticked me off because he kept forgetting to bring them to us. Their dessert is also just average. Nothing else to say about this place. You're better off going to Sushi Kayla down the street. Worst AYCE sushi place ever.
5	One of my favorite sushi places by far in vegas.  First of all walking into the restaurant was a nice sight for my eyes.  Seeing the pictures of the happy cooks and servers was nice to see, as well as the decor which was really awesome.  The environment was really nice, very quiet and super artistic.  Now the main thing is the food.  And boy do they not disappoint.   The nigiri is very well cut, and simple.  The size of fish portions well with the rice.  The quality is quite nice and it being ayce was pretty sweet.  The rolls were very special and different.  Most  of the flavor combinations were top notch.  Also the selections of hot food  was very large and great to choose from.  The only issue for me is that this place is way too far form my house, but that is a good thing as well because I would be here everyday.  So if you are looking for a great sushi place,  Doh is worth the drive.
1	I've came here a bunch & they're suppose to be open til 3. I drive 30mins across town, arrive at 1:45 & they won't serve me. I'm never coming back.
3	Food is Just Ok, Too much rice on their rolls. Some interesting items however the service has a lot to be desired. The place is very new so may need to return. But at this point it is worth trying but don't go out of your way,
3	1. Their food was AMAZING! BUTIt took 15 minutes to get our beer. 40 minutes for the first appetizer to come. We are patient people but we notice everything. The food was so delicious that it softened the blow, but it definitely was awful service. Our waiter asked us 4 times if we had gotten the SAME roll. We finally ended up cancelling.  But oh well. I think if they got better organized and changed the way they distribute tables (our waiter had 7 tables whole the other girl had 2) they would get 5  for sure. Maybe next time.Definitely go if you have all day to try some good food.
1	Nice looking place but it's servers are very consistent with FORGETTING our orders. I can understand if they forgot to put one order in, but multiple times? After ordering dessert, I felt uneasy and regurgitated what I have eaten.. It must have been the baked salmon. I'm never coming back here again. If I could give this place a negative star, I would.
4	Well, it's hard to say great place overall based on a price ($26.95), service (server seems he doesnt know much about menu yet), serving speed (it took hlf an hour to get the first order). But based on AYCE place, pretty good. I like the open cafe style interior And various choices of Korean/Japanese dishes. Since I don't eat raw fish, that's good advantage for me :)
4	I want to give them 4 stars because since they're still fairly new. All 3 times I've came our server tells us they're "still in training." Other than that their food is amazing!
2	not very good period. took them about 15 min to get hot tea and I had to tell about 3 servers. what sushi place takes 15 min to get hot tea??? they didn't even bring the garlic edamame I ordered. the nigiri is a shame. they cut the fish so small and thin. I ordered spicy tuna poke salad. it had ONE piece of fish in it. the only reason I didn't give it 1 star is that the place was clean. I would never go back here again and would tell everyone to avoid at all cost. there too many better ayce sushi places in town.
2	This place used to be really good when they first opened, with good quality fish and everything tasted fresh. Recently the last 3 times I went it seems everything changed and it is now like all the other AYCE places....low quality, inconsistent, and just not satisfying. The sauces don't even taste the same anymore, and many of the sushi items and rolls tasted fishy in a bad way. Some of the fired items tasted like they were fried in old grease. I gave up on this place and will not be back.
5	Last time I said the service was bad.Wow this time I take it back! Emma (I think) was our server. She was amazing. The food was on point. The beer was delicious. Amazing! My new favorite sushi place for sure!!!
5	Normal price for all you can eatbut man it was good and could not be beatOne of the best spots that i have foundSo when in Vegas eat in china townThe staff was nice and super fastThe inside was nice with lots of classThe best roll was the super spiderI straight zombied it and became a biter!
3	I will be back and hopefully update my stars. I was kind of shocked/put off tonight  to be told upon seating at 1:28 AM that the last call was at 2 AM. On the door they close at 3am and it was my first time so I did not know what was going on especially with checking the hours on yelp. I also thought that I might be wrong in that it was a Sunday night. However the kitchen really does close at 2 AM daily, but they stay open till 3 AM for hanging out or if you want to drink I guess? I think it's confusing, but the sushi was nice enough that I will be back at an appropriate hour. No wonder they were all cleaning up and the lights were brightly on. I'd be pissed too to see me walking in solo at that hour. I apologized and explained that it was my first time and that I did not know that they closed at 2am. It was then explained to me that I wasn't mistaken that they just do last call at 2am, but they're open until 3am. I replied with, "if people want to drink at a bar they'll go hang out at a bar." I also said I would come earlier next time. I'm just trying to find a better Sushi Kaya as I feel sushi Kaya has gone downhill in the past year. ;( Rough start for me at this place but I hope to return!
3	Had lunch with some co-workers at Doh recently. The food was pretty good and so was the service. I have been to many different restaurants in ChinaTown in Las Vegas and I cannot say this was the best one. But, it is definitely worth a visit. The $9.99 Lunch Bento Box is pretty good. I was not a huge fan of the giant noodles they served, but the broth they were served in was very good. I did enjoy the pork that I received in the box and it was very good, crispy and had a unique flavor that I would be willing to return to have. Definitely worth a try, but don't expect it to blow you away.
5	Very fresh and creative rolls, do the ayce, the variety of sashimi and specialty rolls is amazing, must try the super white tuna,........mouth watering
5	Atmosphere is very cozy.  Everything looks very modern and clean.  Quality of food is very good.  Everything is very fresh. Wait staff is very friendly and on top of things.  I would recommend to anyone
4	Absolutely love the sushi here! It is always on point. I have come in for lunch and dinner for all you can eat, which is reasonably priced. The only reason I didn't give them all 5 stars is because the service here can be a little better. The servers are nice no doubt but they confused my orders a couple times. I had to reorder my miso soup twice before they finally brought it out. My sister also ordered one and hers was never even brought out. She just gave up on reordering hers. The first time this happened I assumed it was because there was only one server (even though it was extremely slow) the next time it happened it was a bit busier but still not as busy as most sushi restaurants I've been to. Long story short they still mixed up my orders. I still recommend this place, it's delicious!
4	$25.95 for all you can eat for an hour which will surprisingly fill you up. It was my first time here and I immediately fell in love the interior design. Therefore, I knew their food would taste great. I suggest doing all you can eat since some of the rolls are a bit pricey especially if you plan on getting more than one roll. Other than that, y'all should try Screaming O W/Salmon sashimi !
1	Let me start off by saying the Health Department needs to visit this place. Doh sushi has a serious problem with temperature control, they must store their food at unsafe temperatures. Trust me I came here with an opened mind and its not hard to please me with sushi, I love it regardless but honestly STAY AWAY. I'm calling it now, the next salmonella food poisoning spot.Ambiance: Cute the decor, dark dimmed, with twinkle lighting. Rustic, felt warm and inviting. Looks like a nice place for a date but looks aren't everything....Seaweed Salad: When I sit I automatically order seaweed salad. I had high hopes for this place because their seaweed salad was delicious. Lightly sauced and it still had that crunch of freshness, but you can't really ruin seaweed salad.Baked green muscles: I should say NOT SO BAKED, so my first encounter with their issue of bad temperature. Please refer to my photo, notice that the mayo isn't baked at all. When the order first came out I thought it was a slice of cheese on muscle, and the muscles were cold. Told our server, she apologized and sent out another order, the worst part. It was exactly the same, cold and not baked. Nigiri Salmon Sushi: You know when you leave raw fish out for awhile and then store it at unsafe temperatures it develops this opaque slime layer. Yeah, totally what they served us. The salmon was slimy and not fresh at all. The rice to fish ratio was more rice than fish. Honestly when a sushi restaurant starts cutting corners to gain more profit, their food sucks.Nigiri Yellow Tail Sushi:Also slime layer, more rice to fish ratio. Wasn't happy.Not so hot Tea:Not sure how the hell you mess up hot tea. Okay I understand you don't want to burn customers but warm closer to cold tea isn't considered hot tea. Service:Not so great, our tea was never hot. Our server forgot orders, never brought orders out, brought orders that weren't ours out, and we had to send back an order. Last Note:Super fail sushi night. As you can see, I barely ordered anything. It was so awful I was afraid to continue to eat because I didn't want food poisoning.
2	At first I thought this place was awesome because of the AYCE option and their extensive menu for AYCE, but food portion and service are horrible here.The nigiri were really tiny, probably the smallest pieces of nigiri I've ever seen. I don't know if they did that on purpose or what. The kimchi fried rice, uni, and fried banana dessert were my favorites of the night. I usually love poke, but their poke had a couple of tuna cubes and lots of seaweed. After about an hour of service, our waitress didn't come by our table anymore. I'm sure some of us were still hungry, but the absence of our waiter and food was long. The longer we waited, the fuller we got. Maybe they did this on purpose?Our orders of soft shell crab and scallop roll never came out even after telling our waitress three times . Needless to say, I'm never coming back.
4	Went here as a second choice because Goyemon had a 2 hour wait for 8 people on a Friday night (duh it's 7 pm on a Friday!) We were still determined to fulfill our AYCE sushi cravings. One of my friends recommended Doh as an alternative, they serve AYCE sushi and Korean tapas. Best part is they take reservations! We got a table for 8 right away. Great right?! Maybe something's  wrong with this place if there is no wait on a Friday night. The nigiri sushi and sashimi were disappointing because the slices of raw fish were too small and thin. Also there was too much rice vinegar in the sushi rice and it was too warm, which made the nigiri hard to pick up without the rice falling apart all over the place. Fail! Although the fish was tiny, the quality was good. Except the Uni wasn't too fresh. Usually it is my favorite thing on the menu but I had to gulp it down with water. Ugh! Second sushi fail. Amaebi was pretty good. So I'm 50 percent undecided about the nigiri sushi here. I'm not much for fancy rolls with a bunch of crap in them that fill u up. Though I did love the lasagna roll, baked and crispy with cream cheese and sweet mayo smothered all over it, yummy!The Korean tapas were quite enjoyable. Loved the galbi, beef & pork bugolgi, japche and kimchi fried rice. The steamed pork belly was blah, but the raw mussel Kimchee that accompanied it was awesome! I'll order it again but hide the pork belly lol. Always room for dessert! The green tea ice cream was blah, too much matcha powder. Plum ice cream was delicious, I had to steal it from my friend since I didn't order it. Banana dream was just decent but not for me. Coffee mochi was very good. I will definitely come here again. The place was nice and had an open dining area. Staff was friendly and attentive making sure we were well fed with orders coming in at all times. The waitress did forget a few things like my smoked salmon nigiri, bummer. Oh well, I was too full anyways. I felt bad for one friend that tagged along and doesn't eat much sushi. She had to wait almost and hour for shrimp tempura cuz the waitress kept forgetting! My dining experience here was pretty good, though hopefully the nigiri sushi and sashimi quality improves.
5	The rice comes out really small so u can eat a lot for an all-u-can-eat price. I like how they mixed up with korean food in the menu. They have ramen, galbi, hweh do bap and they also have japanese pancake! Service was nice too.
5	The Kimchi fried rice and Galbi were amazing!!!! Also had the Red Rock Roll from the signature dishes and it was very yummy. Awesome food and great prices along with great ambiance, music and service. Next time we will try the AYCE. Seems like a good choice if you bring a group because sharing is allowed. Will be coming back, for sure!!!
2	This proves the old saying, "Don't judge a book by its cover", is true.What a disappointment; We watched this place being remodeled and we had such high hopes for it. I agree with my friend Phillip T. This is not the best this city has to offer.When my Korean wife found out it was Korean, she was very anxious to try it. The fact that she was able to converse with the staff in Korean would seem to give hope that we would be given good service. Think again.First; In most Sushi Bars, sitting at the Sushi Bar is usually a unique and better experience. This place is not the case. The Sushi Chefs are simply under pressure to get out the table orders, and have no time to converse, laugh, or amuse the guest.Sitting at the Sushi Bar at Doh, is like sitting in the Kitchen at In 'n Out. Sitting at the tables isn't much better. You'd  better order your whole meal at once, or face the fact that when you need to order more, getting you waiter will be like trying to hail a cab in New York at rush hour.Now the food. It's mediocre at best. Sushi portions are very small, Sashimi is even worse. Quality is so-so. These good folks wanted to compete in the AYCE Sushi business, but sad to say, they've put their money into a very nice remodel, and are paying top dollar rent for their location.Good place if you're in your 20s, on a date, and want to impress someone who thinks a California Roll is an X-treme adventure in eating. I suggest Umiya on Flamingo, Jjanga up on Spring Mountain and Decatur, or even Sushi Mon, such as it is, for a better experience in quality and taste.
2	Update I have taken off a star......I have been here a dozen times and I would say the food is OK. The reason I enjoy the place is mainly for the Cucumber rolls with no rice. No where else that I know of has this on their AYCE menu. The Tapas are ok but not great and the rolls are filled with filler to get you full fast on rice. the deserts are just plain no good. But like I said I do come back for the rice free rolls, Green tea, and skewers.The biggest problem is the overall inconstancy regarding quality and the lack of service. It is really hit or miss. Sometimes the quality and service are great and others times you want to just pick up and leave. That goes with the quality of food as well. Could be a great place if they did a little more upkeep and worked on tightening up the quality and service.
3	I don't understand the hype about this place. I'm not gonna say it was horrible, but I'm not gonna say it's a "must try" place either. My parents came home raving about how good their sushi is and how diverse their menu is since they also offer Korean tapas on the AYCE menu, and since then I felt excited to try it out.--Also because I started noticing people were making Doh their new regular sushi spot.So I went one night and right away thought the sushi part of the menu was just eh, but they're fairly new so I figured they were still in the process of coming up with new rolls. The sushi itself was pretty good but nothing to make me want to come back for more. I will say this though, their tapas part of the menu is a really good idea. It gives the place a unique factor. Not all their tapas were 10/10 though. But still good. I think people like it for the price ($26 AYCE dinner) but the price is the same at Jjanga but it's waaaaay better there.Idk, this place was alright. I've had better though.
1	This place sucks!!!!!! I went there on a friday night bc all other places were closed (including sakana). I was ready for the "all you can eat". A friend and I were ready for sashimi. We wanted to order some yellow tail, tuna, salmon, and a screaming O. The menu gives the impression that you can only order one of each per person, and we were ok with that...NOT!!!! Its one sashimi order out of the whole menu per person ...period!!!! Ok, we got over it. We placed the one and only order of sashimi along with other roles. The cuts of sashimi were super small,  the fish that sits on the rolls were paper thin and squarish.  The middle was filled with a disproportionately large amount of artificial crab meat in the roll. All we could do was laugh. Im very familiar with business and I can only imagine someone calculating how to maximize margins on each roll...they might of gone overboard. To the owners: maximize customer experience and pay attention to your competitors like yama sushi!!!!!
5	I loved the service her they are kind to children and attentive. We had the Korean BBQ bulgogi, the Aria Roll, supa spider roll, Vegas roll, and the pink lady...2 orders of gyoza steamed and fried. So delicious this is our second trip here. Everything was made to order.
1	Me and my wife sat down on a slow Tuesday night. Very cool place. Sad part when was I wanted to order I asked the server can you tell me about the menu? The culture? Your favorites?  She didn't have a clue of what was going on! We left! Doh management please give your staff the tools they need to exceed the guests expectations.
1	Terrible service and oily food. We had to write down what we wanted from the menu and give the order to the hostess. Never received our order in time. Servers never came to check on us, we had to ask busboy for our check and drinks. By the way we gave tip to the busboy. Most of their dishes were salty n over cooked. Will not recommend this place.
3	This place was really good when it first open end the fish quality has gone down. The service is ok. I hate when this happens!
5	What a cool find. Was driving by and saw it was packed...a goid sign. Greeted by friendly hostess and was promptly seated. My choice to sit at the SushiBar or a table. The food came fast and the flavors are mouth watering. Try the short ribs, they are delicious and tender. The sushi has an all you can for $25 per person and its a real deal. The decor is pleasant and cosmopolitan.  The staff is friendly and helpful. This is one of my favorite places.
3	The sushi and food was okay nothing memorable. The wait staff was friendly. It didn't look too busy that night. WE ordered 3 things at the beginning and didn't receive them till everyone in my party was done eating and ready to pay. When I told the server I had not received my okinomiyaki (Japanese pancake) and my cousins spam musubi and edamame she replied by saying "oh gosh those things take a really long time to make". REALLY!! I had high hopes for this place and maybe I'll give them another chance.
4	Great place! Very friendly staff and great vibe. Chefs Sunny and Alex were always there and had my order ready right away. The fish is always fresh and perfectly cut. I will continue to come here.
5	1.  Great food 2.  Great staff 3.  Great prices Highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the mood for lots of food, friendly service and all at a decent price.  It can be difficult to find all three of these qualities in one restaurant, especially at an 'All you can eat' sushi place in China Town.  However this place really came through for me. Definitely recommend the Butterfly Roll!
5	This place never disappoints!!  I don't like ayce but this place is awesome! Do the seared tuna, seared pepper tuna, ika and super white!
5	Just got home after eating at Doh and my tummy and soul are sooooo happy right now! I have my favorite sushi spots (Goyemon, Yama, Jjanga's), and each one has their highlights. Doh is legit among my sushi AYCE favorites now! I was surprised at how big and spacious it was inside and was so impressed with our extremely attentive servers who took such great care of us. It's hard to find that kind of service and I was happy that my expectations were unexpectedly exceeded in this department. The food was delicious. I'm not going to try to compare it to my other favorites because it is delicious in its own unique way.  I particularly enjoyed the Korean options on their AYCE menu. Sashimi bibimbap? Yes!  When I saw Creamy Seafood Ramen on the menu I just had to try it and it was AWESOME too. So many other things I want to try next time. The garlic tuna nigiri was just as good as I've ever had and my friend was intensely enjoying her hamachi nigiri too (and her spam musubi which I tried and wanted to order more....). The rolls we had were not just good- they were GREAT! I'm sorry I can't remember their specific names right now- someone else ordered most of them for me this time but they were BOMB. :(The only roll that wasn't our favorite was the peanut butter one but I imagine if you really like peanut butter you would like it...I don't.  Also, I usually love to order plenty of house salad, seaweed salad, poke salad, crab salad etc. with my AYCE, but I wouldn't consider salads Dohs' forte, just FYI.  Big time bonus points for having Mio Sparkling Sake on their menu too- my absolute favorite. Give this place a try- I think it's totally worth it and we will definitely be back!
4	We loved everything except for 1 thing..AMAZING kalbi ribs, rock & roll, aria, coco shrimp, avocado bomb. Order it all!Didn't like the red rock. Weird consistency and lacked something. Just doesn't work. Also our avocado bomb barely had avocado unlike the previous pics posted.  We were kinda bummed about that.
3	Very interesting rolls, pleasant decor. I like the rolls here and the kalbi isn't that bad. The only thing they need is to hire more servers because you constantly have to wave a server down in order to get your order after the first time. They don't have enough people on the floor and it gets kind of annoying when you're looking around the whole restaurant and there's nobody(and i mean nobody) there to serve you for a while.
5	It's my favorite place for AYCE, food is yummy I really love the sushi here.
5	Great service. Fresh sushi, great quality. Love this place. Favorite sushi place in Vegas!
3	Last few times we have been there, it was a disappointment (service and food). Could definitely notice the alteration in the dishes since the first time we've tried them. Even the salmon roll that was supposed to be crabmeat free came full of it. Service was a huge mess too. Oh, well...
2	I came here with my boyfriend's family for his birthday. We were originally going to eat at Goyemon but they were busy. We decided to come here since my bf's parent have been here. When I called, they said there was no wait. The food is different here compared to Goyemon so of course I didn't get my sushi fix. The food here is more tapas compared to sushi. They have rolls that don't have rice which is cool. Most of the dishes seemed more Korean. Some of the food was a bit over cooked as well. The workers didn't really pay attention to us even though the restaurant wasn't busy. Many of the workers are sitting on their phones and eating at the bar. The workers were also chatting with one another. They didn't take away our empty dishes or know where to place our new dishes. We had to track down the workers if we wanted to make an order.Honestly, I'm not surprised that the customer service is bad. I liked the food at first but after a while, it seems like there isn't much to eat and that everything is the same.
4	Oh the power of yelp! As enticing as this place was I never gave them a shot because of the bad reviews.I went to lunch yesterday and I had a really good time. Maybe they are really looking at these reviews and taking them to heart? First off the restaurant is beautiful, spacious, modern, and clean. We were seated quickly and there was no wait as it was slow. I only had one bad thing and it was the strictness of their AYCE time limit. I totally get it but the lady was kind of rude about it. We were waiting on one person and were super hungry! So we wanted to order edamame as a starter. She gave us the whole speech about not being able to switch from a la cart to AYCE and I totally understand-it makes sense as I've done AYCE plenty of times at other places. I understand as they have a 60 minute time on the AYCE. My issue is could we not have just ordered the edamame and paid al a carte for it AND THEN decide to get AYCE when the other person arrived? I think yes but apparently we couldn't. My issue was just her approach. It's essentially putting more money on our bill so why not? Anyways.After that everything went well. We had three people helping us, refilling drinks, and bringing our food. The servers were all nice and checked on us frequently.We did end up getting a la carte. The prices are affordable for that. Miso soup was like $1.50 and edamame was like $2.50 so aside from AYCE they have some affordable a la carte options.The thing that's unique about this establishment's menu is that they offer "tapas" or small plates. They have a few standard salads, the traditional AYCE sushi appetizers, and then more unique tapas dishes like agedashi tofu. I don't know if it's because we ordered a la carte but the presentation on these dishes were beautiful.We got two orders of edamame, agedashi tofu, a house salad, sea weed salad, miso soup, spicy salmon roll, a golden California roll, and a shrimp tempura roll. With a coke and water it was about $40 bucks. Totally should have just got AYCE but I thought it was a good price.None of the food was anything special except their rolls and the sea weed salad! Their rolls had the right amount of rice and they didn't over use the eel sauce. I love eel sauce but it really can overpower with it's sweetness or ruin the texture of the other components.The spicy salmon roll was really good as it had large cubes of salmon instead of being mushy paste like most places.The shrimp tempura roll was so good. Either I got the piece where the two shrimp usually meet up in the middle or they are really generous with the shrimp lol. They also wrapped it in soy paper which was a nice touch IMO.The golden California roll was also good. They didn't use a heavy tempura batter so it was surprisingly light and and since they didn't douse it in sauce it was really crunchy. The agedashi tofu was surprisingly good also. I had to try something off of the tapas side and this is my favorite thing to order whenever I see it on a menu. I wish they served it with a spoon though or else the broth is hard to taste. They fried it well and it was delicious although not the best I've had. Overall I'm glad I came and will definitely be back.
3	I have been going to DOH for the 18th time now. This would have gotten a 5 if it weren't for this NIGHT, 11PM. The servers were not able to keep the momentum going. Missed a  few orders and took longer than usual to return with the orders. Only 6 tables were occupied tonight. I am a regular customer, and will slowly become, a non-customer if this type of service continues. Nevertheless, my recommendations are: Soft Shell tempure, Something Wrong, Crunch Roll, Buttered Scallops, Banana Dream. I have been here 18 times.
5	JUNE was are sushi chef ...he was awesome .. He prepared us some amazing rolls u have to try the 007 and the Jhonny rolls..  We totally love this place ... Totally coming back ...
5	Wow!Loved interior of the restaurant. They have many different kinds of tapas and each of them were sooo tasty. I would recommend this restaurant to anybody who knows how to appreciate good food.
5	For starters, this is the cleanest all you can eat sushi place in town. I always sit at the sushi bar, so I can't attest to the service of the wait staff. The sushi is always delicious. Some of the roles are a little too fancy for me, but once you sort through what you like it's great. It took a couple trips for me. An order of sashimi is included in all you can eat, unique feature for all you can eat sushi. The last lunch I had here our chef, Alex, gave me Red Snapper sashimi with REAL FRESH WASABI from JAPAN! It was nothing like the Wasabi (horseradish) paste that we usually have in the States. If you get a chance, ask for it. You won't get much because it wholesales for $70 an ounce, but it was incredible. This is the only place I will go for sushi now.
4	We recently found our new found restaurant love for sushi!  We found this place on Yelp, thankfully to the great reviews we gave this place a try.  We have been to this place during their lunch hours the past 5 visits, and was impressed with the service and more importantly their food.  We of course ordered the AYCE for our entire table.  Their sushi's are fresh and delicious, and the best part of it, is that the amount of rice they give is not overpowering like the other sushi restaurants.  Because of this, you are able to fulfill the AYCE menu and truly get your money's worth!!!   I gave the restaurant just 4 stars because, we recently went their for dinner, mind you it was on my birthday 6/27/14, and the service was just slooooooooow!  It was pretty busy in there, however, that is no excuse.  The hostess sat us down, and did not leave out the menus, so we had to wait an extra 2-3 minutes for our server to greet us then finally ask for the menu.  Our water never got refilled, until we flagged someone down.  Just ordering and receiving the food was slow, we were tucked in the corner, so it was as if we were forgotten. Finally, we waited FOREVER for our check.  I finally got tired of waiting, I got out of my seat to look for the server and ask for my check.  I had much better service at lunch, thankfully I've experienced the great service at lunch otherwise I wouldn't be back.  I'll be back but rest assure it will be during lunch.
4	I wish they have this is in Los Angeles!! All you can eat Tapas, Sushi, Appetizer and Dessert for $25!! Amazing deal! Went here with a group of nine people and their service was great. Super FRIENDLY! The quality of food for being ayce is even better!! I loved their popcorn lobster and tiger roll. Their galbi dish, was AMAZING! As my husband said "it melts in your mouth". Although I probably could have made the ramen dish, it was really good. However my concern was the "60 min limit" to eat but with a group of nine people ordering 3-4 dishes each, didn't seem to be a problem. I would definitely stop by to eat here when I come back to Vegas. Happy Eating :)
1	I wouldn't recommend coming here bad service you have to wait a hour for your sushi that you order to come. I recommend Sushi Kaya down the road and its cheaper. New place isn't usually a good place.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! I used to go to another sushi house until I was taken here... now this is my go to place for sushi... I love it here.. just typing about it is making my mouth water.. I have to go again now.. I recommend the all you can eat buffet. for a party of 5 or less do half orders. you must try the yellow tail sashimi, crunch roll, shrimp lover.....OMG the salmon kamma is to die for and the galbi... and the soft shell crab tempura.. even my picky kids love eating here!! definitely a must do for sushi lovers.
5	Excellent service and amazing food!!!I had a staff dinner last night, group of 15. We asked chef to create his own menu and we were surprised to have so many unique delicious rolls. I strongly recommend the Doh not only for someone who loves sushi but also for someone who does not eat raw fish. They have other amazing tapas and rolls without raw fish that everybody will appreciate. Highly recommend for big group!
5	All you can eat is an excellent deal, with made to order rolls and everything else on the menu.  The alacarte prices are reasonable too.
1	I don't usually write reviews but I had to after tonight. It's our third time here and it's probably the last. The service is slow as usual but I understand because they had to cook all those items we ordered for ayce. Or maybe it is also their strategy to give out orders slowly because there is an hour time limit for customers to order. They also missed some orders. I forgave them for that for the first two visits since we love their Seafood Cream Ramen. That's what keeps us coming back. We were looking forward to get our ramen tonight but it took them more than 30 minutes to make it and server was not even sure what soup he was given us. We asked if that's the seafood cream ramen and he tried to smell and said it kinda smell like it. Either he's new or something's wrong with soup. Oddly enough, it was bland and has only a small piece of squid. Tasted like warm milk with water. II was hesistant to ask the server at first because I never complain and I don't want to be "that" customer. I was really disappointed so I told the server about it and we told her we had it twice before and today's soup looks different and bland.  I asked  her maybe they forgot to add something cuz it really bland. She told us it has always been like that and because we ordered it not spicy. We always ordered it "not spicy" before and now its more like "no spice." t used to be a little orange, creamy and flavorful, now its white thin and tasteless. She acted like it is what it is and just took the soup away since the next one would probably be the same unless I want it spicy. I said its okay nicely then she left. Then I suddenly hear her talking to the other servers/employees about my complaint which made me feel bad/embarassed. Now I'm afraid to order the soup again if this is how it going to be.Also, we almost got automatically charged a  18% tip for 5 people and a baby. Good tjong the other server was kind enough to fix it. Our night was kind of ruined because were really looking forward to the meal but had this bad experience.
4	So we were actually planning a night to go back to mastros but forgot to make a reservation and ended up telling us that it would be a 2 hour wait. So on our way back towards our house we figure " hey let's just go eat at Chinatown" our original plan was to go to kung fu for some Thai food but because there wasn't parking close to the restaurant we ended up parking right in front of Doh. (Locals familiar with this plaza understand)So we walk in and right away we get greeted by our hostess which was very nice and guided us to our table.our waitress was really cool and friendly as she was the type to recommend us things because she knew it was our first time. I sometimes dread when I walk into a AYCE establishment because nowadays most of the service is ok and most of the time you are rushed to order like they want you to eat fast and leave. But they were cool here.One thing I have to say about this place is one you order your food you receive it within 5 min. That's awesome! I kinda felt I was eating at the sushi bar instead of a table. The food was tasty and we enjoyed all the usual dishes that we ordered and will add Doh to our sushi list. Not the best but they got the operation organized and I respect that..solid option for ayce
5	My favorite ayce in town. Fresh sushi and great appetizers! Super white tuna and beef kalbi are my favorites. Every time visitors come, I take them here. Everyone has loved it so far and requests to eat here on their next visit.
4	Great food, but its really hard to flag down a waitress. Sitting at a table instead if the sushi bar seems to help.
5	Visiting many times again. It has become my favorite place to eat sushi. The quality of fish has gone up 1000%  staff is as friendly as ever.  I love the tapas as I can bring friends who doesn't eat sushi and still enjoy the company. I recommend to all my friends and out of town guest
5	Stuff that is awesome about Doh:quality sides, creative speciality rolls, half orders, open late, awesome service, (Ask for Bo, she's fantastic), 1 order sashimi on ayce, and fantastic quality fish ( fresh uni and ama ebi)Prices were averageOnly thing to complain about was that there wasn't much fish on the nigiri, but they more than make up for it by letting you order sashimi. If you're looking for something different I can't recommend them enough. Nice sake selection plus they have Korean beers and soju.
5	I've been to this place several times and aways get the AYCE.  The place is fairly new, the staff is always friendly.  The sushi is great.  I like ordering from the Tapas menu which is included in the AYCE.  Highly recommend this place.
1	We came in around 1am after work with my coworker since this place closes at 3am. She was still waiting for her boyfriend, but she said it was okay to go ahead of him and start eating. We did the AYCE. When we were served the first round of food, the server told us that last call is at 1:30am. We weren't notified of this before we were seated and especially we were still waiting on someone. We let our server know why they didn't let us know that the last call was at 1:30am before seating us. She snapped back at us saying that it is not her fault and that we could just order for my coworkers boyfriend while he's on his way. At this point, my coworker wanted to leave without paying since we haven't touched our food. The server then threatened us that she'll report us for "hit and run". We then asked for the manager. The manager says the same thing, to order for her boyfriend ahead of time. We demand that we not pay and leave, and after a few arguments back and forth, the manager finally let us leave. After leaving, we looked at the front door, and the posted last call time is at 2am. Horrible service, and we have never been treated this badly at a restaurant. The whole time there was no apology for not informing us of the last call time. I am sure the food here might be decent, but not worth it for the horrible service we were given.
5	Excellent place.  Food is very fresh, good deal.
1	I came here tonight with my family , food is good ,but when we finished and check ,the manager of the restaurant charged us 20% for tips , our brother said ,"even u come to hotel,the maximum of the tips is 18%!"she still want to charged 20%, then my brother said if u still charged 20%, I would call the cops .then she said alright I would not charged u guys tips ,but we would not welcome to serve u guys.I just said that server is bad
2	So normally I come here and its awesome. My last visit was a few weeks ago and tonight I returned only to be disappointed. The service was ok but the food quality was terrible. The fish tasted old, the tempura was not fully cooked, the katsu was over cooked and I can keep going... granted its labor day weekend I could understand but it was not busy at all. I dont understand what happened doh! You were so awesome before. . .
1	The food is good the service is really bad we had to ask for another server to serve us. We had all you can eat and you can tell our server was ignoring us. She passed us a few times trying to get her attention but she continue to pretend she didn't hear/see us. I mean it was terrible. I wouldn't go back to this place. I guess u can only order few items and when they feel you ordered enough they'll stop serving you. Really bad place!
5	My boy friend and I love ayce sushi and this is a awsome spot delicious !!!   Give it a try.  We're walking out the door to go right now. Everything taste fresh and good service all 4 times we've been.
5	This place is bomb. That's really the only word that comes to mind when I describe it.  The service is stellar. I never have to wait longer than a few minutes to be seated, though that could be due to the times during the day I go (late afternoon, early evening). The servers are always walking around and checking up on customers. Drink refills come often with no 10 minute wait to cleanse the palate. The ambiance and decor is really appealing and welcoming. It doesn't look like your typical sushi bar as it is really high-end looking. Of course that doesn't mean it's a certain attire to eat there. It's completely open to all. The food is amazing and really well priced. The sushi is freshly made to order and looks great in terms of presentation. The flavors are always spot on and spice levels are comparable to other sushi bars I've eaten at, though it tends to be a bit more spicy with certain rolls (namely rolls with spicy tuna). I see a lot of people post about the AYCE at this location. IMO, it's a bit pricey compared to other sushi bars but for the quality it's fair. I wouldn't recommend the AYCE though. It's not awful, just not worth it. If you love the specialty rolls that are a bit pricey, go for it. If you like the basic rolls (like me; I eat spicy tuna and shrimp tempura all the time with no complaints), don't bother.  The time limit is another thing that's a con but it's not unlike any other sushi bar so that's not something to hate too bad. Overall, love this place and I go here all the time. Great food, great service, and great surroundings.
1	Man I come to doh 2 time a weeek. I'm really disappointed to manager doh.. I have call her 3 time to get her attention. I love all the sushi man but bo is really disappointed.  Make sure ur waitress is other than bo.
4	Stopped in after work .. popcorn lobster .. sashimi and sushi.  Yellow tail and mackerel are excellent. Save room for the tempura ice cream . I didn't . But I had it anyway! Ouch. All you can eat sushi $26.. super fast super friendly.
2	First of all portions are so small their microscopic. Like seriously is this all your gonna feed me??? Like all you can eat is seriously microscopic. If you want real sushi go to sushi kata. I feel like this place should close down. I would never come back here again. Check out the scallops y'all that's how small they are.
5	Yes! Yes! Yes! I can honestly say I've been to over a dozen sushi places all over town, constantly comparing them to one another to find the one spot i wont get tired of, and this is hands down the best thus far. Not disappointed with one thing I ordered. The price is fair, same price as many other AYCE sushi places but other places I feel are a little over priced for the value you get. The food is light and refreshing yet VERY fulfilling. The staff was great! Explained anything I had questions about on the menu. I never waited to be served, never had to flag anyone down or even ask for my drink refill and I was not annoyingly hassled either. The atmosphere is so nice. Not cramped like MANY other sushi places. overall my favorites were the baked mussels, their cucumber wrapped rolls, the aria roll and the banana dream dessert is definitely a must try! I will happily return to enjoy and try even more.
3	Just ok the quality is lower than I expected. I found very little fresh fish. everything was fried or covered in sauce.  I would have expected more from the reviews.  Much better ayce offered in vegas. But service was good and they were nice. So I say the place is just ok. Nothing special however.
3	The staff, decor, ambiance of the entire restaurant is all on point. A PLUS PLUS all around. Our server was very friendly and courteous and offered  all we were looking for. Whoever designed Sushi Doh did an absolutely wonderful job with the interior design. However, when it comes to the food - it is really hit or miss. I went and got the AYCE sushi/tapas option and it was a bit confusing of a menu and I'm not sure what the point of all of these types of restaurants are when really it's just an additional ten other items and the other items that we ordered off the tapas menus were much too dry and overcooked which is really what you want to go to a restaurant to pay for at the end of the day in my opinion. What ends up in your stomach. So for the food, because it's a hit or miss - one star.Averaging out to 3 stars. Although I did not go to have a drink there, they do have an extensive choice of alcoholic beverages for those who would like to drink when they go out.
3	I had read a lot of the other reviews and was worried about the service.  It turned out that all of those worries were unfounded as the service was great.  I don't eat sushi, however I have been to several ayce sushi places because all of my friends love sushi and I can always find some things to eat at those type of places due to their other Japanese non-sushi offerings.I was looking forward to trying doh because of their extensive tapas menu.  It turns out they definitely have many more options for me then other ayce sushi places.  I enjoyed the usual appetizers, such as the shrimp tempura, gyoza, and skewers.  I also liked the Korean ramen bowl.  Unfortunately I was disappointed in the Kalbi, which wasn't hot and not cooked as much as I would like, and the pork belly, which was bland, and too fatty.My friend who I went with, and has eaten there several times, said the sushi wasn't as good as usual, but had raved previously about the food there.   Overall I would consider trying again, because of the big selection and good service, and the fact that my friend had said the kalbi is usually a lot better.
5	Had a great experience with their AYCE! Would definitely go again next time I'm in Vegas. Service was great and so was the food! :)
3	I've been here multiple times & I feel like it's a hit or miss with thier customer service. Which to me is very important. The server I had tonight wasn't very friendly. She didn't really check up on my friend and I regularly & would walk away from us in the middle of us ordering. She didn't have too many tables so I can't imagine that it would be because she was busy. The food overall tonight was decent. My favorite is the Screaming O Roll. DO NOT order thier ramen. It's literally from the packets from asian stores. I ordered that once ale carte & thought it was ridiculous I paid $7.00 for something that's really $0.50. It was still shaped in a rectangle when I got it.
4	First time eating there. Enjoyed the food and service. Service lacked as dinner time rolled around. Decor was nice, looks new. I like how opened the restaurant looks, seems bigger than it is. The sushi was delicious the certain salads were not good. For example the salmon skin salad had a lot of dressing and the type of greens they used threw me off.
5	This place is amazing. I'm not a local but was looking for a local place to watch the World Series & get some decent food. Fact: All you can eat sushi (one order per person) & Tapas for $25.95.  That's is a plus when you haven't eaten all day.Rolls vary in prices from $3.25 - $13.95 including a large variety of speciality rolls & Doh's signature rolls.Lots of Parking lot available outside the restaurant so no worries there, at least not on a Tuesday night. Customer service was great. The sushi chef was cool & since I was alone he acknowledged my presence & engaged in conversation with me which some places don't. They also make an effort to say hello to all their guests as they enter even from across the room. I must say I'm impressed. A genuine hello not just a hi.Food was really good. I tried items on the menu from a simple Philadelphia Roll to the specialty baked Volcano Roll. Oh i have to mention the  special request roll I asked for them to make was.absolutely no doubt melt in your mouth delicious. I simply asked a spicy scallop & omg!! Yumm!!Seriously don't judge a book by it's cover. Try it for yourself. I came in unexpectedly & Im glad I did I'll be back for Game 7 - KC vs Giants
5	I love coming here. Their all you can eat sushi and tapas is worth the price. They have amazing tapas like bulgogi, steam pork belly fish cake soup. Their sushi is fresh and you receive your food quick. They are sister restaurants with tofu hut.
5	This place was amazing. First time coming here and I was blown away. Everything on the menu was delicious. The pricing was great for the amount of food on the menu. I'm from California and I wish that our AYCE sushi places were as good and Doh is. I plan on returning here every time I come down now.  Even their desserts were unlimited! That had me sold. Their service was pretty good, kind of all over the place, but they were really nice. The ambience was nice. They played a lot of old school hip hop and R&B, and it felt like I was at home. I just wonder why more people don't come here, this is great! 5 stars (:
1	I've given this restaurant a try a couple of times now because my friends always want to eat here and the food is great but they are very consistent in bad services. It sucks because they do have some great sushi on there menu but service sucks. There are so many all you can eat sushi places that have the same rolls with great services.
4	I was pretty skeptical at first, but this place is pretty damn good! granted it's AYCE, I still believe that you get your money's worth ($25.99 dinner) I usually stick to the basics; i'm not at all crazy about rolls and sauces-for me it just messes up the true flavor of the seafood. I love the cafe-ish ambience with the cool murals. service is fast and efficient. It's worth the try and hey, they close at 3 am. Can't beat that!
5	This place is awesome! I'm a sushi connoisseur and have been since my wee kid years doh is a All you can eat sushi, it's super fresh & made to order they also have some  Korean dishes as well , staff is friendly and attentive . I'll definitely be back soon . Also just to add in 2 days ago I ate at Katsuya in hollywood, ca and the sushi here at doh was way way better!
3	As others have said the sushi isn't great but passable. The reason I would come back is the pork bulgogi. It was the closest to what I have had when I lived in Korea. It was absolutely great.
4	Very good sushi. Had the all you can eat and was pleasantly surprised.
3	I'm not a huge all you can eat sushi fan but this place is great. Rice to sushi ratio was not bad I've been to places that pack there rice like condensed astroids. The only gripe I have is there service is very lacking and takes a long time to get someone to service you. Because of that I give them the stars.
5	Amazing all you can eat Sushi!!!My husband and I go every week as locals. :)
3	Food was great! Service was slow. Waited 5 mins before we got noticed. Other tables after us were greeted immediately. Waitress was busy taking to another table, I had to flag a sever down to get drinks After that mess, food came out quickly. So I give 5 stars to the food and 2 stars to the service Enjoy!
5	This place is so good,  it makes you wanna slap yo momma.  I'll  be here over and over again.  Whoa!  The AYCE deal was worth it.
3	Stumbled on this place accident and really liked the decor so decided to check it out. We waited for a minute before we were acknowledged. The server was very nice but I did feel rushed. We order two beers, I also asked for a water THREE times before receiving a glass of water. We never got our miso soup but we did get the rest of our food. The food it's self was really good. I haven't decided if I would come back
4	Food was really good. Took 50 minutes to get our food, but all you can eat sushi for 25 bucks you can't beat it.
5	First time came here...the restaurant looks good and modern,the presentation of the food more than I expected ....so far one of the best AYCE sushi in vegas
4	Got here around 3pm, got $21.95 AYCE and here is the reviews:Ordered muscle for the appetizer. It is a little oily but it's good. Had the Bulgogi, galbi and bossam, the meat has very good quality, especially the Bulgogi. Fish cake soup taste like instant soup base to me.The Soft Shell crab tempura is actually a surprise! I don't usually order them but glad that we did! It's very crunchy outside and soft and juicy in there.Sushis are higher than expected AYCE quality, but I think the rice is way too thick! Salmon Roe is really good and fresh though. Don't order too much sushi coz the rice is too thick!!! Spicy scallop sushi is good.Had the Rock & Roll, wrapping with cucumber with no rice, it's very sweet.Ordered the ice cream tempura for dessert, check out the pictures! I'll say this place is a good quality AYCE, variety of Japanese and Korean mini dishes, I like it better than Sushi Kaya on spring mountain road.4.5 for overall experience.
1	This place claims to be all you can eat but be warned sashimi lovers you can only order one serving per person of sashimi I ordered the salmon and it came with three tiny very dissapointing... Its the first time I go to an all you can eat and have restrictions on food! I understand that you would have to pay if you dont eat everything you order but to restrict people to order stuff nah!Service was bad and slow one order takes about 30 min and it was not even busy at one point you get tired of waiting! Talk about water refills HA what a joke never seen a place where the waiters dont know how to pour you water when they see that you have none left I literally had to share water with my mom! Ill give them a point on originality of their sushis they are different from your typical california roll and etc but too bad that the service doesnt wanna make me come back!
5	Amazing service and amazing FOD so fresh and fast ! It was awesome I will be coming back !
5	I came here three days in a row because the ayce sushi and tapas was fantastic. Best thing on the menu was the garlic tuna.
2	As I sit here waiting another 20 minutes for my dessert I am wondering if the food is worth coming here for.  I say absolutely not! Yes the food is good but, we arrived at 7:30 and are just now leaving after 9. Funny how each waitress walked by time and time again just ignoring us but,  when it's time to pay she came right back.  Will never come here again!
