2	Wow... how did I forget to Yelp Bally's Steakhouse? Oh... right, cause it wasn't memorable at all. After a day of walking the strip, I was ready for a good meal. Earlier that morning we went to the Tix 4 Tonight office to buy Blue Man Group tickets and the option of buying dinner coupons were available. We asked the person which place he thought was best and he answered Bally's Steakhouse. So we decided to pay the extra 3 dollars a person for 50% off any entree. Cool right? Instead of $40 Fillet Mignon, you can get if for $20. So we go. As we walked in the restaurant, each of us a class of champagne. I love Vegas... plus one star. We get seated and order our food. I of course got the Fillet Mignon. It's literally a piece of meat on a plate. No sides, no nothing. Fail for plating. You have to order the sides separately and they're $6 each. Really??? Come on. That's so lame. I ordered the mushrooms for sides and there were rather good, although slightly on the salty side. I have to add that the staff were really friendly and helpful. I would NEVER go back to this place if we didn't get the entree coupon. Actually, I don't even know if I would ever get the coupon again. I don't think it's worth going to. Nothing to write home about, unless it's about the prices.
2	Ok, here's the deal! I know Bally's is one of the older resorts on the strip. I've heard that the brunch here is fantastic. I really never heard very too many things about the actual steakhouse, good or bad. Well, let me put it to you like this....I've had much better, in terms of service, food, and atmosphere!Ok, now to the good stuff, the food! Having been to many steakhouse's around Vegas and for that matter, many others around the country, I didn't hope for very much. It'd be like me comparing a BMW to a Chevy. Both are great for what they do, but the details is what matters! Now, knowing this, I looked at this place as a Chevy, a mid-level steakhouse catering to more of a family crowd. To start, there was a house special, bacon wrapped scallops over a bed of red pepper salad? Hum. I think it was more like bacon wrapped scallops over a few silvers of red peppers. Scallops were great, but it just needed a bit more substance. The second appetizer was the lobster bisque. Everything was ok, but seemed like more lobster meat was needed. Now to the steaks, the rib-eye's were solid. Nothing to really negative write about. Just the usual suspects. However a couple of things worth mentioning is that the lack flavoring of the various sauces they offer to the diner. Since there was 3 of us eating I thought we'd get a mix match of the sauces they offered. We ordered the red-wine, green peppercorn, and morel mushroom sauce. To be quite honest with you, it all tasted the same! Heavy on the cream, no honest flavoring of the various ingredients. Just like a classic steakhouse's side dishes were all al la carte. That being said, potatoes, ho hum, sauteed spinach, well at least the water should be drained a bit, and the fries? I think it was frozen. Oh well? What can you do?  Now to the service...Very polite, but I would say they need to take a page out of service 101. i.e. being polite goes only so much, while knowledge of the food goes all the way! This being said, servers did not know what sauces I was asking about... just referring me to the listing they have... Promptly correcting a error is key to a great experience, but there was none...wrong sauces were brought to us...no apology...a steak someone ordered was returned to the kitchen for being kinda of "off"...no apology...asking what the specials were...did not know...With a city filled with great steakhouses, I might think twice before coming here again.
3	For this place being so expensive I was hoping for better seating and less hectic with people walking by constantly. Luckily we got the 50% off entree coupons. All the steaks were excellent and cooked very well, Except for my filet mignon. I asked for medium done and it was slightly over that and was also quite dry. There were no sides on it either, just a plate and a piece of meat. This place is also not worth the price unless you have the coupons.
3	sorry to say but I do not agree with the other yelpsters on this restuarant, I did go to brunch and not order the steak that mite be the main reason, there was several choice of meats, lobster, shrimp, freshly made waffles on the spot as well as omelettes, so much to choose from so lil time haha.Yes I know when going to a steak house you should try there steak, sadly I didn't some of there steak dishes were offered on the buffet line but passed by them to try all the other dishes lobster bisque was good lil oily but good, lamb good not gamy, potatoes, lil over cooked but ok, freshly made waffles no big whoop but that fact it was offered great, omelette counter also great, i think when i went there was 6 soups offered tried a lil of all didnt like the vegetable soup concoction that was made but all the others had flavor and were good..in all i would eat there again for brunch seemingly that everyone would not eat there for dinner hahafood **** (again brunch buffet not dinner)price $$$ yep it's vegas break bank ambiance ***** old skool waiters helpful and very knowledgeable bout the strip haha
2	Something has changed, Bally's isn't what it was a year ago.  While traveling for business we always eat here, but no more.  This May trip, the food was no good.  Steaks way over cooked, and a coworker ordered the prime rib and it came out looking boiled.  Yuck.  The wine list isn't very good, and the wines by the class are down right bad.  Unfortunately this steak house has lost is shine.
4	Went here for the 100 dollar buffet. Would I do it again? Yea, probably. It's not something I'd do often though. There are 4 things that stand out for me:1. Lychee. I love lychee. The fact that it's been peeled and the seed removed and ready for consumption was not lost on me. I feasted on lychee that day.2. Chocolate Strawberries with crushed Oreos. As if the strawberries weren't plump and juicy, and the chocolate smooth and creamy, but they added oreas to the mix. It adds the right level of crunch and 3. Ravioli. Damn, those suckers were good. I coudn't get enough of the texture.4. Fresh OJ. Not the minute maid crap. the freshly squeezed OJ with pulp still in it (yes, I do love my pulp)The rest of the food was delicious as well. The only thing I can't recommend here is the sushi. The rice was too mushy and the fish was alright. There are plenty of better things to fill yourself up on here.
5	was here Super Bowl weekend a few years ago, I highly recommend.Food: cowboy cut ribeye, was cooked perfectly. sides of sliced beefsteak tomato and sauted' mushrooms were very fresh.Service: could not have been nicer, gave my heavy drinking friend a champagne bucket to keep his beerS in, so he didn't have to keep calling the waiter. they didn't have to do that. Very friendly, focused, and professional.
2	R and I had dinner here the other day and It was one of the worst steak house places that I've ever gone to, and I think I've tried enough to know what is good and what's average.  He bought tickets to the Jubilee show at Bally's and thought that it would be a good idea to have dinner there right before the show.  We got there about 5:30 and when we checked in, it didn't even sound like they had our reservation down. As we sat down, a few other couples came in, and the maitre d' greeted them like long lost cousins and proceeded to seat them before us.   How rude!  We then were seated at our table which was rather nice on the second level.  Rather dark, but that's quite expected.  I had the portobello salad, and R had the regular salad. My salad was absolutely amazing, and I'm just wondering how they went about flavoring the portobello mushrooms and spinach that way.  Definately would love to have the recipe for that one.   The steak came and that was the worse piece of meat I've ever eaten.  It didn't have any flavor and was rather tough.  I was about to ask for some sort of steak sauce to enhance the flavor somehow, but thought it would be rather rude.  The saving grace at this restaurant is their desserts.  However, on their prix fixe menu, it was a choice of creme bruiee and banana cream pie.  Both were really good, but not something that I would fly to Las Vegas for.  If it wasn't for the portobello salad and the dessert, then this would definately have been one of those reviews that would have rated a negative number or a zero.
3	My sister, cousin, and I found this place by accident on a Sunday morning, brunch time. The staff was friendly and we thought that the buffet would be cheap. WRONG! It was $65 per person but it was worth it considering what was offered at the brunch buffet. There was the following: lobster tails, crab cakes, Fillet Mignon, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, soup, salad, shrimp, k-bobs, chicken masala, pasta, rice, and a couple of other food items.  There was not a variety on dessert but after a big meal, I didn't have any room left. They even offered complimentary mimosas with free refills.Why the three stars? Even though there was variety, some of the food did not taste too great. I only ate the lobster, Mignon, salad, and roasted potato's.
2	Oy. Where to begin?? My colleague and I went here for a nice dinner and boy, what a let-down. We arrived at 4:50pm and the hostess told us that we'd have to wait until 5pm to be seated. I've worked in restaurants for 10+ years and let me tell you- at 10 minutes prior to "opening", a restaurant is ready to go. There is no reason to not seat someone. Period. So, we went to the bar for a glass of wine. Approached the bar and the bartender was writing something in a big book, and apparently we interrupted his concentration. We asked for the wine list and asked him if he had a Malbec he'd recommend. He frowned and said, "What's Malbec??". Seriously? You are in a "top" steakhouse and don't know what Malbec is?? We ordered a bottle of wine and sat there for probably 20 minutes, then finally we were told our table was ready. We asked the server at the bar to split the bill in 1/2 and he looked terrified and said, "Ohhh I don't know if I can do that. I have to call a manager..." Seriously?? I mean, I didn't ask him to cut off his arm, just split the bill in 1/2. We were seated and apparently no one in the restaurant had heard of Malbec. The food was solid, but when they say the side orders serve TWO- think again. This is not like a Morton's steakhouse. The servings were small. We ordered coffee and dessert and I will say it was delicious. It was just very awkward~ the service, awkward. And the atmosphere is rather old-school. The crowd was also an older crowd, you get the feeling they live there. Would I go here again? Not unless I had to. Sorry.
2	Bally's is an awesome hotel, but their steakhouse is not up to par with what you can find on the strip. If you're being comped here, then that is another story. However, do yourself a favor and hit the Smith & Wollenskys if you want an awesome piece of meat.
5	I was very reluctant to go here because of the past reviews, however I was pleasantly surprised! It was AMAZING! The food was great, service was great too! Yes, its on the high side for prices but it is a nicer steak house. We got the meal for two which was about $90. It has a huge piece of steak (sliced into 6 slices) and two sides. It was way more then enough for us, and we both can eat. ;-) if your looking for an upscale steak house, this is your place. The steak was probably the best I've had in a long time. This place is comparable to Ruth Chris , all sides are al la carte. Did I mention I could use my fork to slice through the steak??!! :-) yummy!!!
1	Worst service I ever got in a classy restaurant like this.When my glass of water was empty they didn't even offer to refill it.When I finished my meal they didn't ask if I wanted desert, but they did ask the guests at surrounding tables if they wanted it.Everything is priced separately.Food was good but because of the service ,I will never go back there again.
3	Really, like 3.25 stars.  I like this place for its retro, old Vegas feel.  It's not hip or sexy, and that is a good thing while in the midst of all the Vegas sparkle.  The waiters have all been there for 30 years, and there are no "foams" or "gellees" and your steak will be Midwestern corn fed, your tomatoes from a hothouse in Mexico.  The service is pretty good, and the booths are comfortable and afford a good view of the restaurant.  The food is usually pretty good (good, not French Laundry good, but good), although this last time they burned our steak, but we were having such a good time it didn't bother us much.  Perfect way to start your retro Vegas night before going to see Jubilee!
5	Excellent service! delicious food! Friendly staff!! Hugo is the best!!One of my favorite earrings fell into the booth and I was panicking! And Hugo came over and saved the day. He opened the booth and found it. :)
5	I like it. The decor is classy retro Vegas. The wait staff was great. We had Kim and Stephanie. They regaled us with stories of old Vegas, e.g., when Tom Jones would come in and smoke cigars and drink XO after his shows. The manager Pascual was courteous, greeted everyone personally, and made you feel like a VIP. We ordered the chateaubriand. The medallions were delicious. We then had the bananas foster flambe'. Stephanie prepared it. It was an entertaining presentation, and delicious to eat.
3	Alright, so me and 4 other friends came here for Sterling Brunch a few Sundays ago. None of us had ever been before; it was my suggestion after hearing about it from a friend of mine. We got here at 11. They ran out of the king crab legs just after I got my first plate - I would have stocked up if I knew that was going to happen! I also discovered they were out of sashimi...come on! So two of my favorite things at a very expensive buffet are gone - I wasn't a happy camper. I wound up going to the cold seafood bar and got a bunch of crab claws instead. Thankfully, I was able to drink my sorrow away with the bottomless mimosas. The lamb shanks were *incredible* and all of my friends agreed, so it wasn't just me (or the champagne). The filet mignon was good but a tad overcooked for my liking. I'm a medium rare guy myself but I get that they need to appeal to the people who don't know better and like theirs well done...ugh. The lobster tails were alright. I mean, I've had better but I guess they were good enough for my buddy who ate 6 or 7 of them! The desserts were just ok, nothing out of this world. They have a crepe bar and I had a banana one which I enjoyed. I might give this place another shot but getting up early enough so they don't run out of the good stuff is hard when this buffet is only open Sunday. I hope you're flying home because I felt bad for my friends who had to drive us back to LA after stuffing their faces at this place.
5	Nice quiet restaurant, definitely like the decor of the restaurant, it has the 1950's-60's Vegas feel.   I ordered the prime rib and it was delicious! FInished off the meal with dessert, bananas foster, which absolutely out of this world.  The server cooks the bananas foster in front you, which is kind of dated but at the same time it was nice to see.  Service was pretty good, just overall an enjoyable dinner.
5	Ever walk into a darkly lit restaurant and think to yourself, "This place is going to be either great or awful."Usually when the decor is retro I assume "awful". There must be a reason for the "retro" and I'm betting it has to do with the fact they don't make enough money. In this case the reason is, "they like retro and poorly lit spaces." I will admit its calming.Our night began with mojitos and a vigorous discussion as to whether Mojitos were a "girly man drink".  I'm immature, you'll just have to deal with it. Regardless of "girly many drink" status, the mojitos were "wonderful". Too often tenders use too much sugar, because Americans have an odd sugar fetish. The sugar drowns out the other flavors though. This bartender made a perfectly dry mojito. My regards sir.However, now my review becomes horribly biased, because, as we all know, if you get a good drink, everything tastes that much better. Too bad for you, you'll have to go and make a determination yourself.We will make do though. Drinks were followed by rolls, with dashes of salt on top. DASHES OF SALT!! BRILLIANT!! Guiness TV commercials brilliant!! (Only three people who read this review will get that joke ... pitty.) The roll is just dusted with salt (and then covered in enough butter to kill a person by yours truly), but that little bit of salt makes the yeast POP. Oh Lord we thank thee for salt!!Next course!! Scallops. Bacon wrapped scallops. Bacon wrapped scallops with little bits of onion and potato. Bacon wrapped scallops with little bits of onion and potato WITH MORE LITTLE BITS OF BACON!! JOY!! Stop drooling. Just kidding, I'm drooling too. The scallops were really moist and had a fantastic flavor.I haven't seen a note about any of this, but everything is A La Carte. Its typical of good restaurants, but I thought I should make a note. We ordered steak, lobster tails, asparagus, spinach, twice baked potatoes, and creamed corn.I must admit to being slightly disappointed in the steak. It was only the size of my head. I was hoping for a steak the size of my leg. Fortunately, the lobster tail were the size of my leg so I relented from complaining. The steak was seared and medium rare and tender. Very few inch and a half thick steaks can be cut with a fork. The lobster tails were so delicate and sweet ... HEAVEN. The asparagus was blonde asparagus and was clearly blanched. It was wonderfully crunchy, which was amazing considering was HUGE the spears were. The corn was beautifully creamed. I don't like runny creamed corn, this was thick and creamy.Finally, dessert. Creme Brulee with berries. The brulee was second to none I've ever had and is, by far, my favorite desert that does not rhyme with "ice cream".If you are in Vegas and close to Ballys and want a good steak and a fantastic dinner and don't want me to write a run-on sentence, then Ballys is an excellent choice. Go get yourself a ginormous steak.
4	What a shame! I can't believe people only gave this place a 3 star. It should get 4 stars. The service was impeccable. The bread was good.  Their beef terderlion for two @ medium rare with white sauce was superb! Banana cream pie was good. Lastly, a cup of cappuccino was a great way to Polish off dinner! Two items I could go without is their Kobe Beef Tartar & coffee. Don't forget to get 1/2 off your main dish by purchasing a voucher for $6 at a 1/2 Price Discount Tickets kiosk! :)
5	Best brunch on the strip (make a reservation for Sunday)! Endless Pierre y julieta champagne, exotic cheeses, smoked meat and fish, omelet bar, lobster, seafood, buffalo wellington, fruit... excellent service!
4	I enjoyed the retro Ratpack feel from the glory days of Vegas.  The staff was very experienced and well trained.  Polite, helpful and expedient.  The bread was flavorful and fresh.  We had chateaubriand for two and it was excellent.  You could cut it with a fork and it was cooked to medium-rare perfection.  They didn't have mashed potatoes ready so we had to settle for twice baked potatoes that were a bit on the salty side for me.  The green beans were al dente, fresh and tasty.  I wish I had room for desert but not this time.  I'll definitely eat here again.
2	Good food.  Horrible service. I guess we didn't dressed well enough, the server did not take good care of us at all.... we watched other tables get served before us, and our server basically ignored us the whole time, we finally had enough and asked for a manager who, to his credit, did cover the appetizers and drinks but still this place needs to get its act together. one more suggestion, they need to have restroom facilities located in the restaurant not across the casino.
2	This was by far the most disappointing dining experience we had while in Vegas.  The service was neglectful at best.  Our waiter even presented the check without asking if we wanted dessert.  Our meals went unfinished because the quality of the meat was so poor, the steaks were so tough. Yet, the waiter never asked us if everything was ok with our meals.  Overpriced mediocre food.  We would not dine here again as we left feeling ripped off and hungry.
1	Oh my gosh. A 3.5 stars overall rating for this place? HOW??I have just received the absolute worst service in my entire life here. I was expecting so much more from an upscale steak house especially with it being inside the casino. My boyfriend and I were in for a special occasion but our server ruined it with her service. She was not very friendly or helpful. Once we sat down, I was looking for a nice glass of wine and when she asked, "Can I start you off with anything?" I told her that it was our first visit and she was just like, "Oh, well I meant like a drink," like I was stupid. I was going to ask for a suggestion or even a drinks list since we didnt even get one, but fuck if you're going to be like that, then hell no.After about 15 more minutes of being neglected and treated badly we finally ordered but then we decided this server was putting me in a bad mood so we left. We stood up and approached who we assumed was the maitre d or manager and told him we were unhappy. He asked if the server didn't take our order yet and we told him that was not the case. Then he said that our appetizers were ready so there shouldn't be a problem. I said I understood that, but that I didn't like the service. He replied, "So, what? Do you want to leave?" And I said yes, and tried to begin to explain why I was unhappy but he just said "Ok then, go ahead." Throughout this entire conversation he didn't actually ASK me what the problem was and kept interrupting me and talking over me. What kind of restaurant doesn't even ask or try to remedy the problem and lets an unhappy customer just leave? FUCKING RIDICULOUS. I thought my server was bad, but the manager was even worse. He just lost a potential $200 out the door. I have never been treated so badly in my entire life.All of these reviews saying the service was excellent? I don't understand. I work in the restaurant industry, and I have never seen any establishment, fine dine or casual, with such TERRIBLE front of the house manners, menu knowledge, or presentation. And that is saying A LOT.Maybe it's because I look young and they think I don't have the money? Maybe it's because I'm Asian, and they think Asians are always cheap? Maybe they thought I wasn't dressed up, enough even though everyone else in the fucking ugly-ass, dimly lit restaurant wore jeans and old, faded Tommy Bahama shirts, and they figured they could treat me as less of a worthy customer as everyone else? Well guess what, Bally's Steakhouse? I make that money, I am a successful ASIAN business woman, and I looked fucking BEAUTIFUL that night that I came into your HORRIBLE establishment. Word of advice? Get your act together and FIRE YOUR MAITRE D.Never, EVER again.
4	Oh man that was one juicy cut of rib eye! 24 oz, 45 days aged and for 50% off! Yeah! $24 instead $48! Let's face it Asians are cheap and this is the reward for looking at coupons. For sides we shared creamed of corn, and garlic mashed. Nothing to write home about. We passed the sides around each person just took a spoon and the two sides were enough for 9 people. Hey we didn't come here for corn and potatoes! LOL I think each sides is meant to be shared just two people. One big no no though, chef didn't cook the meat to perfection. I did asked for Medium rare. Always medium rare that's a temperature range from  130 - 135F. It came medium which is a temperature range from 135 - 140F.If you ordered steak well done you're wasting the goodness from the meat. You see the marbling of the meat (the fat) is what gives that lush, silky, rich flavors. Once you get it well done, the heat melts off all the marbling/fat. Now you're steak is dried, tasteless, and rubbery. I dare say, "shame on you for ordering well done!" lolSo if you ordered your steak well done you're better off just not ordering. This isn't a dish for you. You're better off just order spaghetti with meat sauce. Did you see the picture I took? They made a nice trim around the rib eyes so there wasn't too much fat around the side, and the heat from from the grill flared up just enough to give a little crunchy crust on the side. Ohhhh, mmmmmm, there were 9 of us and when I got the steak  I wasn't talking to either one of them until I was half way into the steak.And another thing, Chef didn't over salt the meat. That happened a lot more than you think. I'm not a fan of salt. I like to taste the meat and when it's over salted I can't eat it. But if Chef under salted you can sprinkle some on yourself. The grilled tomatoes, and fried Onions were also delicious. This is my kind of food. Simple, high quality ingredients, delicious! You know there were only two ingredients that went on to the steak right? Yeah, just S&P, Salt & Pepper. What made this steak so amazing is the 45 days aging. That process is what made this steak off the chart. I won't bored you with the aging process details. But if one day you had to choose between two cuts of steaks get the one that's aged.Recaps:Get the 24 oz. Aged Rib Eyes. It's so good you'll kiss your mama.Service was excellent. He was professional, and patientValue is off the charge with 50% off coupon. I don't know where my buddy got it. What a great deal! This piece of meat easily goes for $80 at Mastro.Confession time:I couldn't sleep and splurged on Amazon.com again :( But I cant wait to get my order. I ordered a new cologne, and bunch of other stuff!!! Hahahhaa."No failure is ever final, nor any success"
5	My husband and I were in Vegas for our honeymoon and found a Groupon for this place, so we decided buy the Groupon and try it out. Decor is very old school, as other reviewers mentioned. We had a fairly early reservation and were seated promptly.Dinner was served with two breads, a baguette and a bread with fruit and nuts. For appetizers, we ordered escargot. They were drenched in an olive oil, garlic and herb sauce that was fantastic for sopping the bread in.  For the main course, I ordered the salmon and my husband ordered the duck . My salmon was delicious, with a nice crust from the sauce but not burned at all. The sauce it came in was advertised as a black bean sauce but was more citrusy and gingery, with a kick that was pleasant but not overwhelming. The veggies in the dish tasted fresh and crisp. My husband's duck was cooked medium rare and was a high quality cut of meat. He seemed to really enjoy his meal, though I didn't get a chance to taste. We didn't get dessert and left full, but not overstuffed. We didn't wine or cocktails due to dehydration from the oppressive heat of Vegas in July, so I can't really review those selections. But overall, we really enjoyed our dining experience here and the Groupon made it totally worth it. We would be willing to return and pay full price for a meal for a splurgey occasion.Note: They have a dress code but it's pretty casual, basically stuff like 'no tank tops'.
5	Wonderful food, service, and atmosphere. We went there because we had a gift card and we were pleasantly surprised by the good find. Todd, the server made wonderful recommendations and provided great service. We started with the crab cocktail and it was divine: great quality of crab, home made cocktail sauce and beautiful display. We shared the 20oz. Chateaubriand for two with Bernie's sauce, mashed potatoes and green beans. We thought the steak was perfectly prepared at our medium request and was one of the best steaks we had. The Bernaise sauce was a beautiful accompaniment. Definitely would go back!
4	So I bought a Groupon for Bally's Steakhouse cause I was staying at Bally's. I called to make the reservation and the guy was really nice and helpful. When I got there I gave them the groupon and the host seated us they gave the server our groupon and everything was good. It very nice and classy looking place each table had a rose on it and the arrangement is nice. It did feel a little bit old to me the look and such. There bread basket had many different kinds of bread and they were all good. The salad was normal. I order the 16oz prime rib and it was to die for. It was very good and yummy and just right. I would rate it the same level as Lawry's The Prime Rib place that also good. The meal was good we also had the lobster roll thing and it was good as well.Overall the meal and such was very good and I had no problem using my Groupon and the server was very nice.
5	Hands down the best dinner experience I've ever had. My friend and I wanted to splurge so we came to Bally's. We were promptly seated at which point our waiter and bus boy proceeded to pretty much treat us like royalty. They engaged us in conversation and went out of their way to make sure our dinner was perfect. They even ran next door to get my friend some olive oil for her bread because she's lactose intolerant and can't have butter. They also brought me a different steak sauce because I didn't like my first choice.For our dinner we both ordered filet mignons with a side of green beans and giant baked potato. The steaks were wonderful and were done just like we wanted them. The green beans were tender and our baked potato was huge. They had all kinds of toppings to put on it too. Chives, butter, sour cream, bacon..whatever you want!To wash it all down we each got a glass of Moscato Di Asti (my favorite wine!!). The whole experience was just perfect. Reminded me that I should really treat myself to expensive places once in a while because it's not just good food but A+ service.
4	Had a Groupon gifted to my husband and me for use on our trip to Vegas, so we made reservations and figured we'd give it a shot.  As parents of a third grader, it's not often we get to go out for meals that don't involve a kid's menu that comes with crayons or sing their own loud renditions of "Happy Birthday", so knowing we were going out for "a nice meal" was definitely a welcomed change of pace.First of all, the only real bummer in all of this and the reason for four stars instead of five, was that they lost my reservation.  Of all the things I forgot to pack, it was the piece of paper with the confirmation number on it.  They managed to seat us fairly quickly, but it was certainly after all of the other walk-ins had been seated.  I'll remember next time to bring my confirmation.The decor was definitely not current Vegas glitz, but that doesn't mean it's bad.  It was clean and classic - true "old" Vegas, but not in a tired and dated, "OMG I CAN SEE THROUGH THAT CARPET" kind of way.  Personally, I enjoyed it.  If you're not into anything except glitter and shiny lights, this might not be for you.The service was amazing.  Our waiter and the rest of the staff were on par with their suggestions and we never wanted for much.  For starters, my husband had the lobster bisque and I had a Caesar salad - although you can get a Caesar salad just about anywhere, this one was by far the best I've had in a long time.  My husband couldn't stop raving about the bisque and, had we been at one of those paper kid's menu places, he might've licked the bowl clean.For entrees, we skipped the steaks and had their pasta dishes.  I had the spaghetti carbonara - ironically, it was the cheapest item on the menu at $28, but I wasn't choosing it to be cheap.  I chose it because I really like carbonara and my low-carb diet was on hold for our trip to Vegas, so I was shoveling all the pasta into my gut that I could manage.  I wasn't let down, either - the noodles tasted like they'd been made in house, the sauce was perfectly creamy and OMG THE BACON.  Quite possibly, the best bacon I've ever had in all my 33 years.My husband had some linguine dish.  It had shrimp the size of his fist.  Beyond that, I don't remember.  I was too busy having a bacon-related orgasm.  He enjoyed his dish as well and again, I think I saw him really contemplating licking the plate clean.I could not finish my meal and my husband was equally stuffed, so we skipped dessert and chose instead to finish our drinks and enjoy each other's company.  The only thing that seemed out of place in the entire establishment was a loud wedding party seated behind us.  It kind of ruined the mojo a little bit, but that wasn't the establishment's fault.All in all, this place is ace in my book.  A perfect example of how a Groupon can help you drum up repeat business - we'll definitely be back the next time we're in town.
4	My daughter gave us a Groupon for our anniversary so we could try Bally's Steakhouse.  I've lived in Vegas for over 30 years and had never been there.  Their website states there is a "dress code", and when I called to make the reservation I was also told that there is a "dress code".  So.... hubby and I got all dressed up..... something we don't normally do..... and headed towards the hell known as the Las Vegas Strip.  We were warmly welcomed by the hostess.  Was seated in a comfy booth.  The restaurant was very nice.... and I enjoyed the old photographs of celebrities hanging on the walls.  It would have been a romantic place, but it was so crowded and noisy!  We were surprised at how busy it was for a Tuesday night!  And.... to our suprise..... we were probably the best dressed patrons in the restaurant!   People were coming in wearing shorts and t-shirts!   Wish I had known this in advance.  The menu wasn't anything impressive.   Basic steakhouse food.   Everything is "ala carte".   We ordered a house salad to share,  a baked potato to share, and a filet mignon for each of us.  A bread basket was brought to our table and it was all fresh and tastey.  I thought the salad was rather plain and bland..... although the 2 rose petals were an interesting touch.  The steak was probably one of the best I've ever eaten.  A very high quality piece of meat.  The bearnaise sauce was also very good.  Hubby and I even thought the potato was awesome..... for a potato.  Service was very good.   Prompt and attentive wait-staff.... although very busy.  All in all..... I'm glad we had the experience (thanks to my daughter and Groupon).   I would NEVER spend that much money for a meal.   That's just not "me".  However, if you are looking for a fabulous steak and are willing to pay for it then I would recommend Bally's Steakhouse.
4	We had two groupons to try here and they were about to expire so we ate back to back days here. Needless to say, my gf and I have a very good idea about what this place is like. First off, it has quite an old Vegas feel-- this place is definitely a lot older than I am. As far as strip resorts go, Bally's is one of the older ones that is still located right in the middle of the action and this steak house has been there from the beginning. As a result, it's got a classic steak house feel with classic service. The hostess is gracious and polite, the waiters will constantly check on you to see how you are doing and you won't be able to empty your water glass no matter how much you drink. The blue floral wall paper even seems a bit old timey, and the crowd is often a bit older as well.The bread here is a pleasant surprise. You'll like the mini french baguettes and enjoy the thyme rolls but you'll go crazy for the pretzel bread-- OMFG that shiz is the biz. The raisin bread I could honestly do without but this bread arrangement is definitely worth remarking on.The rosepetal salad is a very tasty mix of bitter leafy greens but I think it could have done with a bit more rose petal and a hint of more dressing.The diablo sauce shrimp linguine is hardly "diablo-ey" -- you'd have to be a real wuss to think that its as spicy as the waiters warn, but it is definitely tasty and comes with some gnarly lookin jumbo shrimp. I didn't particularly care for the escargot and I don't think its a good way to spend your money here-- you'd be better off having the stuff at Comme Ca where they emphasize quality over quantity. The seasoning wasn't particularly agreeable and it just wasn't buttery enough.I really liked the lobster mac and cheese. They don't skimp on the lobster and the blend of cheeses is just right. You'll get that subtle bite of bitterness in each mouthful and the sauce is not overly thick.I mostly enjoyed the dry aged angus porterhouse here and had no problem finishing it. I ordered it medium rare and most of the cut was cooked to order, just as I requested it. However, I don't know whether this is due to their grill or just due to the difficulty of cooking a porterhouse evenly, but part of it was a lot closer to medium well than rare. Over all though, it was a very enjoyable steak served with three different sauces (by request). The black peppercorn sauce was probably the best-- it was a hint of spicy. The mushroom sauce was thick and creamy and the Bearnaise was sharp and tangy. I think this is a solid steakhouse, especially if you have a groupon or living social to spend. I'm not sure I could really justify eating here at full price because the competition for steakhouses in vegas is tight. I think I slightly preferred my trip to the Golden Steer on Sahara. However, these guys will offer you an enjoyable meal and treat you right, and I suppose that is just as important as anything else.
5	While the Bally Steakhouse doesn't have the name of a TV chef tied to it, it is a great dining experience.  The staff takes pride in the service they provide.  They thank you for coming and make sure it is a 5 star experience.  The food does not disappoint.
1	When we checked in to the Paris hotel we were told we had a $100 credit for food at a number of the Harrah's restaurants.  Choose Bally's Steakhouse, as it was close to us and I know it's been there for a long time.It has the feel of places from back in the day, although they kind of celebrate their age with classic movie star pictures.  Some of the semi-circlular tables along the back really take you back, along with the formal dress of the staff.The highlight were the wines by the glass, and they were good.  Also the breads.. I would eat the bacon/chedder bread and some of the others.  The butter/oil/balsamic vinegar mold is a great idea.  Things went quicly downhll from there.  The crab cake appetizer is more of a mound.  It came cold and my wife returned it.. which is not common for her to do... it came back quickly and I'm really not sure how they cook the thing.  Had two sauces that were unremarkable.  The French Onion soup I tried... a classic at an old school restaurant right?  No flavor and an off taste like either the cheese was old or off or the soup had been made days before.  I returned it.The Caesar salads I thought were overly salted.  My wife thought the lettuce was not crispy enough.The real problems came with the entree's. My wifes simple pasta with plum tomotos was mediocre at best.  I ordered the veal chop, medium rare.  Came to me rare.  I felt bad about complaining about another dish after the soup, but it was not cooked right.  Sent it back. After about 20 minutes, a waiter holding a new chop began wandering around the restaurant looking for the right table for awhile until finally figured out where to go.  At least this guy stayed to see if things were good.  It was even more rare than the first. At that point we gave up.  Since my wife doesn't like to eat without me, her pasta dish was now cold an it seemed clear they couldn't manage cooking a simple chop....season it, sear it and finish in the ovn (these were thick, restaurant quality chops...I could tell the first was undercooked just by touching it.    The second had a small layer of cooked meat surrounding a sold black of under cooked meat.We won't be back...ever
1	Everything was OK except my $60.00(!) NY Steak was so gristly my jaw gave up the ghost trying to gnaw through it. My friend's Filet was just "OK".Forget about the "old skool" steakhouse feel and the fawning staff, how about turning out your key product at the highest, or at least, acceptable standard? Or, change the name to Bally's Tendonhouse.
2	New York strip was so hard to chew I just gave up at one point. Not worth $60. However the service was excellent once I  was seated, bread was delicious, and the crab appetizer was some of the best I have ever had. But it's a steakhouse, the steak should have been amazing and it was horrible, tough and lacking juices or flavor.
5	One of the best meal we have ever had. The prices are high but well worth it. We made our reservations through Tix4Tonight and got 50% off our entree can't beat that. The service was the best I have ever experienced and will be hard to beat. The atmosphere is old vegas and quite nice. I think if you go for dinner here you will be very pleased.
5	It was excellent! Great service, we had a very attentive waiter who brought us drink samples. I ordered the herbed chicken and mushroom caps.
3	mmmmmm meat!Bally's steakhouse is a fancy restaurant within a not as fancy casino. When you walk in, you feel like you're on the set of Goodfellas and expecting to see Pesci giving some dude a hard time for being funny. The drink selection is amazing, they have all sort of beers, cocktails, and wine. They would offer you to taste two of their cocktail specials to entice you to buy one. For vegas prices, it is decently priced. The food was decent as well. I got the Ribeye steak and man was it cooked well! Sooo delicious. My own gripe was that the steaks don't come with a side, so you have to spend an extra $3 on top of the $60+ that you are already spending on the steak. I hope that they would change this one day and just come with a steak. It does come with bread, which is only ok. Slightly on the hard side.As with any upscale dining, the service is amazing. The waiter gives you the high class treatment even when you're not dressed like an A-lister (ie. me wearing a sweater and jeans). They are really knowledgable about the menu and offered my friend that i was eating with a good suggestion and was very attentive on our needs. Well worth the high tip that we ended up giving him!Another interesting note, they offer a brunch special during the day for $80 that has prime rib, lobster, caviar, champagne, and assortment of desserts. I have to come back and try that some day! Overall, I think i'll be back to give it another shot, but would not be high on my priority list.
3	Had the Sunday brunch here with a group of 7 friends because we had a Groupon.Oysters here were large and worse than Caesar'sThe free mimosas, Beldevere shots, and Bloody Marys were good.The filet mignon and lobsters were also very good. I was trying to find the caviar but they didn't have any :( They had some lamb with mint sauce that was very tasty.Sushi was also pretty good. Fruit is good too. Selection is pretty small overall though.Not sure it this would be worth it normally though.
4	We came here for dinner after I purchased a Groupon. We were going to order just the prime rib and then a bunch of sides but our server said we had to each order an entree in order to use the Groupon. We ordered prime rib and seabass. The seabass was melt in your mouth and SO delicious!!!! The prime rib was fantastic as well. NOOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	Delicious foccacia bread w/ thier own concoction of butter, balsamic vinegar and sea salt.  Got damn that thing was delicious!Caeser salad was very good.  For my entree i had the Chicken Marsala, which was really good, except the flavor was a little too bold.  I like tons of flavor (salt) in my food, but this was slightly a bit much for me.  Otherwise the dish was executed beautifully, the mushrooms were tender, as was the artichoke hearts.  I've never eaten artichokes in Chicken Marsala before but it was surprisingly yummy.The bf's filet mignon was dry, and had way too many chunks of thick bacon all over his plate, it was like eating bite-sized beef jerky.  The roasted garlic bulb was a good save.Dad ate light and got the Chicken Parmigiana Soup and a steakhouse salad.  Salad was good, soup was HORRIBLE.  Tasted like a can of Hunts tomato sauce with some "i cant see no chicken" under some glob of white cheese i believe.  Hope they take it off the menu and put some real soups on there.The waiters were all very attentive and nice.
4	Granted, my expectations were a little low, but Bally's Steakhouse blew me away. This old-school steakhouse is like stepping back in time to the 1950s...where you could dine side by side with Frank Sinatra or Dean Martin. Everything is very professional from the moment that you check in with the hostess and enter the restaurant lobby. Though the restaurant is not huge, the tables are packed closely together. There is a mix of booths along the walls, as well as free-standing tables in the center of the room. Servers and busboys skillfully navigate trays of cocktails and trays of meat. The prices are so much more reasonable than some of the more "trendy"steak restaurants (Gordon Ramsey, I'm talking about you). But the food is just as outstanding as those newer, more expensive hotspots. Start with an appetizer...I highly recommend the Escargot Stuffed Mushrooms, and my friends loved their salads. For dinner, get the Filet Mignon...cooked to perfection! I literally ate every bite. The Truffle Mac & Cheese and Mashed Potato sides are also wonderful. Our night at the Bally's Steakhouse was classy and highly satisfying!
5	This place was fantastic!  My girlfriend and I went here on a date night and we both have never had such great steak or service.  We had initially wanted to go to Gordon Ramsay's steakhouse in Paris but were too late on reserving a table.  I'm very glad we decided to go to Bally's instead, I honestly don't think our experience anywhere else could have been better.Our waiter Zane brought out drink samples for us and even gave us a comically large champagne bottle to take a picture with while we waited for our food.  For the appetizer, we got the crab cake and it was delicious.  Very tender crab meat that without too much breading.  I've never been too much of a crab cake enthusiast but I enjoyed this one.  For the main meal, I got a rib-eye steak, medium, and my girlfriend got the salmon with asparagus.  The steak blew my mind.  I had never had such a tender and well flavored steak before, and it was a decent size so that we still had a few bites leftover after dinner.  The salmon was also fantastic.  It was crusted from the sauce it was in, but not burnt at all.  I eat salmon quite a bit, and because it has a distinct flavor I sometimes feel like it all starts to taste the same.  It was still very impressive.  Also, the asparagus spears they served it with were GIGANTIC.Overall, great service and fantastic steak.  I will definitely be coming here again next time I'm in Vegas.
4	I was at Bally's due to a convention and was already put off by the room and a gym that is only open from 6am to 6pm.  i am still scratching my head about that.  Anyway, I was in Vegas going on my second day and was not willing to eat at another buffet and I was really in the mood for a steak. Co-workers that were at the convention kept talking about Gordon Ramsey's restaurant in Paris. I wasn't willing to mortgage my house to eat dinner.  So I decided to venture into Bally's Steakhouse.  My son gave me a little toy solder (Capt. Chaos) to take pictures of while I was out so that he could see what i was up to when i am off travelling for work...  Good Times!  I was a little concerned because restaurants with the same name as a hotel usually are lame, but i was pleasantly surprised!  I was greeted by the hostess and she was able to sit me right away (even without reservations).  I noticed that the majority of tables were set up to sit two people comfortably.  If you had more than 3 in a party, the tables might be too crowded (assuming that your group orders appetizers,drinks, etc.).  There were two groups with about 10+ people, but they were placed more in the middle of the restaurant where there is a lot of foot traffic. As soon as I sat, the waiter let me know that he was helping another table and would be right with me. Another person swept through and supplied some water and some warm bread with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  Next, the waiter came by and recommended a nice Pinot Noir from the Russian River (excellent).  I ordered the Caesar Salad (average) for starters.  For the main course, I ordered the Bone In Ribeye (24oz) with the baked potato and grilled asparagus.  The steak was great! Way better than I expected: medium rare, very nice sear and tender. I didn't need to add any additional seasoning which was great.  It was probably one of the better steaks I have eaten in my short life here on this rock.  I took several pictures of Capt. Chaos posing on the steak!  He was impressed too. The asparagus was cooked just right and the potato was... a potato. All in all i was very happy with my meal and would most likely go back when/if i stay at Bally's in the future!Word
4	I went there twice. Once for my birthday and another time for my anniversary. The ambience is very old school Vegas with the dark wooden furniture and muted lighting. The prime rib was delicious and done as I requested. The waiter who has worked there for over twenty years was excellent! He even personally prepared a complimentary birthday sundae just for me, which I really appreciated!On our second occasion the food was equally as delicious and the waiter was delightful!
4	We ate here after walking around all day and not up to going any further up the Strip and unable to get Open Table to work for reservations. Admittedly, I was self conscious walking in, we were casually dressed but got seated right away. Servers were nothing but nice. They offered us both sample cocktails. I tasted my orange cosmo which I would have happily ordered another one but I'm not much of a drinker.I had the special Wagyu 6 oz as I not going to try to eat an 18 oz steak, and nothing else completely caught my eye in terms of entrees. Bread was amazing and I ate too much of it.The bacon wrapped stuff shrimp was very tasty and just the right portion as was the asparagus.My notoriously picky eater husband loved his French Onion Soup (even I liked what I tasted and I'm not a fan of it), killed his 18 oz ribeye. Enjoyed the Caesar even though the dressing was mixed in (he hates dressing).Dessert was a creme brulee cheesecake (2 spoons).It's VERY expensive but worth it. I even grabbed a business card in the hopes I can convince my coworkers this MIGHT be a good spot for his annual Vegas dinner.Also, if you're a Total Rewards Member, they knock a dollar off of most items.
4	Went to Bally's Steakhouse after receiving some free dining coupons and because it was to my hotel. Read the mixed revues on Yelp and was a lil hesitant. Wait staff was good and attentive. Kept the bread coming and water glasses full. Our server was friendly and on point. I ordered the escargot stuffed mushrooms and they were good and flavorful.  My 16oz Rib Eye was cooked to perfection. It was well crusted and perfectly cooked-medium rare. The grilled asparagus was also great and flavorful. My friends order the Rib Eye and Salmon and both said their dishes were great.  The decor is OK but the food was great. Not a cheap dining experience but a great foodie experience if you want a good steak
5	I'm only writing this review based off of my experience. My dad and I were treated like VIP and we even met the general manager of the restaurant. He wanted to make sure our stay and full course meal was to our satisfaction. I think if I walked in without a VIP comp, I would get treated like a normal customer.The food was delightful. I ordered a veal dish and it was amazing. Had a nice bottle of wine to go with it and light dessert. I'm sure there are better steakhouses in Vegas, but this was nice and convenient for what we were looking for.
4	Fun old school steakhouse...food was good, service was great
2	We were amazed and so disappointed with the presentation of our meals.  When a place is so damn expensive, there is no excuse for bad presentation. We had escargot to stArt, which was suppose to be mushroom stuffed in puff pastry. Instead, it was a snail, a mushroom on top and an oversized piece of stale coin-like puff pastry placed on top...all floating in a watered down herb butter.Yuck!The atrocity didn't end there. My ribeye was delicious, but it came with nothing! I paid nearly $55 for my steak and had to order sides EXTRA!  Hubby had the salmon, ridiculous also came with barely anything. 4 asparagus tips...over cooked and bland. Wine was reasonable. Baked potato was $9 and underdone. Will never go back. I'm not usually so hard on a place but when you pay big bucks for a meal, it should be of a certain standard, especially in a place like Vegas! Service was good, waiter was a hopeless romantic and kept giving us one-liners like "I know love when I see it, and I see it in you too" ... Oh please. Too much cheese lol!
4	Food was great.  Only issue was waiter had been working over 45 years which was great, however he could not hear our order it was difficult.  We were seeing a show after and it took him over 30 minutes to take our order.
4	I just happened to go here to treat myself (and rest my feet from walking the strip!). The service was outstanding! Ambiance was great (this would be a good romantic date spot!) and the food was delicious!
2	The two hostesses ( one named ceci) in the front are extremely inappropriate and rude. I made reservations but their system was not working properly and they could not accommodate my party despite the ample amount of free tables. The servers are pleasant and completely changed my mood once we were seated at the table. However hostesses are important first impressions of the restaurant. The food is delicious but will not override the bad front desk service.
4	amazing food for the price. everything with high quality and cooked perfectly as ordered. the wait staff was friendly and helpful, although a little slow at times.
3	I would never pay this much for a meal of this quality, but it was a great meal for me because it was free! I'm just not into being doted on and over-serviced and paying $50 for a steak. They brought samples of their signature drinks; a blood orange Cosmo for me and a gentleman jack/apple brandy for the guys. First of all, sexist much? Why not ask instead of assuming the girl is gonna want the fruity vodka drink? Both drinks were pretty tasty, though. Lobster bisque. No. Bland and too thick and too creamy. Gross. Scallops over a bed of what looked like arzo rice and mushrooms. Very flavorful and tender. I LOVE scallops and these were right up to par. I tried my friends' sides; asparagus and Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes, all alright, nothing special. Steak was good, but not as good as the one I had at the Cosmo the previous week. Unless you get a free meal here, I'd do my research and go somewhere better.
4	Went on a Thursday night as kind of a last resort and we were very impressed.  Got in right away with no reservation.  The decor is nothing fancy-a nice old school steakhouse.  Our server Todd was great.  Brought samples of the drinks for us to try.  Blood orange cosmo is great.  Wedge salad was good, but the lobster bisque was top notch, one of the best.  Our steaks were fantastic.  The meat is high quality not much gristle, and just the right amount of seasoning.  The rib eye was actually very lean for a rib eye and the filet was great.  For desert tiramisu which was never ending.Overall, one the best steakhouses I have been to ever.
3	The place is just okay. Nothing spectacular.  The decor is dated, the menu is dated, the manner in which they serve (carts? Really? Table side salad service?) is dated.I contemplated on whether or not this is okay since it is Vegas. Vegas has a history and the Bally's Steakhouse is part of it. However, I do not think that excuses this place.  It is fine to play up your history, but using that to excuse the lack of an updated menu or decor is unacceptable.The food was okay. I would have been very upset with my meal had I paid full price, but I had a Groupon so I did not have to. A $30  dinner is fine. Had I paid the $58 dollars on the bill, not so much.I understand this place is set to close its doors, and that is really too bad. Given the location and history, I believe it could have been a viable option for dinning on the north strip, especially considering the competition is high priced venues such as Picasso at the Bellagio. I think I would still recommend people give the place a try before they close the doors, if for nothing else to be able to say you dined at a resturant frequented by Liza Minelli and Frank Sinatra.
4	Was supposed to go to the sushi place in Bally's. When I got there, the sushi place looked horrible. Decided to go somewhere else without taking another cab. Ended up at Bally's Steakhouse.Got a BLT wedge salad to start and the scallops with risotto for main course. Todd took great care of us. Service was great. Food was good and good portion. I'll go back to try steak next time
2	Meh is right. I actually liked the dated decor. I did not like the dated staff. Our order was interrupted so that the server could check his tip from the next table. My mashed potatoes came out of a BOX. Was served cracked glassware. I didnt enjoy my stay at Bally's steakhouse, and unlikely I will be back.
5	We stayed at Paris, the resort/casino next door (and a "companion" to Bally's).  The ambiance at the Steakhouse is old school, and why do people complain about that?? What decor do you want at an upscale STEAKHOUSE? We like the waiters and staff in white shirt, tie, and black apron. Classy. (There were diners in t-shirts and jeans, but that's their problem).  A $49 special attracted us - salad or soup, filet, and dessert. We asked for medium rare and got it, the beef was very  high quality, soup/salad and dessert were delicious, the service excellent and friendly. Considering prices we could have paid elsewhere, we were very pleased.
