5	If i had to make a choice of only one place to eat for the entire year, this would be it. Kaba Curry manages to mix both the flavors of Hawaiian and Japanese curry. The great thing about Kaba is that you basically build your own plate of curry. It starts out with rice and curry base and you add on things like Chicken Karaage, Sausage, Spam, Beef, etc etc.  The portion size is quite generous and the staff is quite sociable and friendly. Kaba Curry can quickly change from a quick dine in to  regular stop. I can surely say, I'm glad i have become a regular here.   My one recommendation is Loco Moco!
5	Kaba Curry is a small, "hole in the wall" type restaurant close to the strip.  Their food is primarily a mix of Hawaiian and Japanese ingredients - their curry being out of this world amazing, which is obviously where the title of the establishment comes in and what they are best known for.They have just recently moved to their location as of current and unfortunately with where it is, you do sort of have to look for it, as it doesn't stick out.  They are in the process still of actually getting set up, so there are no markers or signs that stand out  upon entering the Plaza (the name which escapes me) in China Town.  I can be picky when it comes to food. I'm sure everyone can, especially certain Yelpers!  Let me tell you though, their place is exceptionally clean and the way Antony (the owner of Kaba) and Maki (the co-owner) create and prepare the food, it is divine.  They are both very sweet, friendly and down-to-earth.  They are more than willing to cater to your food-needs and make sure you are completely satisfied before you go.  This may be a "hole in the wall" dining experience, but they will definitely make you feel comfortable and at home - you'll become a regular, fast!Their menu, to be flat out, is a little small.  What I do appreciate though is the simplicity of it.  Essentially, you make your own meal in a 'build your own plate' sort of fashion.  You have the base, your curry spice level, side dishes meant to go on the curry as well as your base choice and amount of "fun" as they put it.  The fun, meaning things such as kimchee, corn, cooked eggs and even Fukujinzuke which is pickled ginger.  Their portions are nice, not too much, not too little - it's how I really wish most food was prepared.  I hate having so much on my plate all of the time because I'm sorry, I have a medium sized stomach, not the stomach of a Sumo Wrestler!  Maki prepares the dishes so delicately, I'd trust my food in her care any day.  Overall, this place needs more publicity and more praise.  Their restaurant is beautiful and it stands out over most other places in the area.  Way to go, Antony and Maki!  Thumbs up!
4	I'm no expert on Japanese curry and it would probably be one of the last things I would choose amongst the spectrum of Japanese food.  But we were in search of something quick before our movie date. Because Kaba Curry just opened their new location, we figured we give it a try. They are located in the same shopping center as the original SF Supermarket. Their exact location is the 2nd floor next to Bazic and hidden behind the staircase.  No official large signage anywhere yet. They have a temporary menu right now which consists of putting together your own curry plate. We went for the staple of Curry & Rice ($4.99) and added one side - Spam Katsu ($1), which is 1 slice.  You can choose your spice level as well. Our dish didn't take too long and we woofed it down. We were probably in and out within 15 minutes. There was one party of 2 there before us and a couple of singles that arrived after.Overall, we were pleasantly surprised with the curry. It had a deep flavor and had the Husband and I rethinking Japanese curry.Sides range from Ground Beef to Deep Fried Tofu to Tonkatsu from $1 to $3.Toppings range from Corn to Spinach to Cooked Egg from 50 cents to 75 cents.I guess most people choose a few sides and toppings to round out their dish.  Good to know for future reference.Free topping with Yelp check-in! (They just started this a day or two after we went!)Side note: When we paid with our credit card on the Ipad, we didn't see a spot to add a tip to our total. Did we miss that section?
5	I have always been fan of Kaba Curry back at there old location and feel like there japanese curry reminds me local style back in da islands. Recently they moved too this new location. I had no idea because went too the old location thinking too myself "Nooo" favorite curry house is gone. I asked guys at Wing King told me just moved too new location on spring mountain. I had my hesitation thinking ok big move on its own, bigger, and thinking the quality and service stays the same? Thankfully everything is STILL on point and have nothing but praise small business taking it too another level. Compare too the old location its refreshing that you truly feel in restaurant restaurant not food court. The decor keep it simple but elegant in its simplicity!  Still has Kaba Curry logo. some cool artwork with japanese writing, like bar stool area (hold around six), and still get free topping with your yelp checkin. I was happy that they still do the stamp cards. The food the base curry on all the food is awesome! This visit I had the Local Kaba Moco never had before. Talk about Winnah! It was exactly what you think local moco style with the hamburger, rice, and fried egg all topped with curry. The hamburger not only was it fresh made burgers but like the touch of diced onions in the hamburger. Everything was perfect compliment on top the other. The menu was small only because they did not have there grand opening till this weekend. The base of there menu will still be the same you choose your sides or toppings and base it on rice or udon noodles or something else not too sure. One thing I am sure is Kaba Curry really has best Curry in town. I love the depth of flavor every time and fact that can mix it up keeps it fresh. The service is wonderful. One of the owners came out asking me about "How did I find out about the place?" I like always been fan went too the old location heard they moved. I wanted too come check out the new location. Happy for them. Happy that my favorite Curry (Kaba Curry) is still here and closer too my house so will be making more visits!!
5	Before this place came to be, I knew nothing about curry or what it is. I heard very little from taking Japanese classes at CSN before I withdrew. I met them at a booth from Animegacon's 1st convention and after trying out their food, I became a regular there. They were original near the Charleston CSN and relocated close the Chinatown area. I've even brought a good friend to show him and he enjoys it. However, pricing varies depending on the plate and what sides are requested. There's a lot of sides to choose from and toppings to get, even extra rice.  I've tried the curry and rice w/whatever toppings and sides, the fried rice, udon noodles and the loco kaba moco and they turn out fantastic. The new location is more up-to-date with additional items on the menu, many more to choose from. I like the option of increasing the spice level, for I'm a fan of spicy dishes. One day I asked for level 3, the next day I maxed out on level 5 which is the spiciest and still managed to finish the plate. Spicy enough that I got tears and a bit of sweating, no big deal though. I've tried curry at other spots around Vegas, but it isn't the same as I have experienced after kaba came to be.
5	So Kaba Curry shit its door and closed it's shutters over at the Campus Commons for the last time as the crew moved over to a new location. Much personal anticipation for their return due to withdraws and lo and behold the NEW Kaba Curry is open on Spring Mountain right next to Basic Chicken n Beer. A few new things on the menu, most noticeably are the Shoyu Chicken (havent tried it yet) and the Corned Beef Patty.Now i know what you're thinking: 'dafaq is a corned beef patty??' It's exactly that...A burger patty of corned beef (canned i think) that's deep fried. How's it taste? Pretty damn good actually! The saltyness of it goes well to balance out the curry. Overall nothing's changed very much with Kaba Curry except for the new location as well as a few things on the menu. This is a big step for the small local business and it gives us a unite opportunity to watch them grow as a business. As the song goes "We started from the bottom now we here"Yelp 100 - 037 of 100
4	I've been wanting to try kaba curry ever since they were at their old location on charleston.. I'm glad they relocated to china town! I ordered the curry&rice... And I added on karoke and shrimp. I also used the yelp offer and added corn. It was really good! It took a little long for my food to be made... But it was worth the wait! I left w a happy tummy and happy wallet! :) I will be back
1	It was our first time coming here and what a HORRIBLE experience it was!We read positive yelp reviews so we thought we would give this place a try. BAD MISTAKE. Walked in with my girlfriend hoping to enjoy a nice meal here, but when we passed through the door, no one helped us. The workers were "busy" talking to their friends. There were (what appears to be) around 10 college students including one of the workers playing a "trading card game." Seriously? They looked too old to be playing Pokemon cards. We ended up going to "Japanese Curry Zen" right across the street instead.Terrible service!!
3	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Female server lacked personality, didn't check on me except to bring me my food or water, and gave me my bill without even suggesting dessert. Cook forgot to make an item I ordered, and she didn't even notice!LIKE  The curry. The loco moco. The different sides and toppings. The desserts.LOVE  Nothing.
4	I was informed that it's not similar to Coco ichibanya: Curry House back home in hawaii, but I still held on a little bit hoping it was close. after getting my food, it wasn't disappointing (it was REALLY good) but it reminded me of Daichi Ramen's curry.Portions were alright and the service was good, she checked up pretty often and took care of us well.Only thing was the wait time, we had a party of 14 and they had 3 or 4 people working in the kitchen. I know what it's like to work in the food industry and it can be somewhat frustrating to have such a sudden rush come in, so that's why I was pretty lenient with waiting.Main verdict, I would definitely come here again. First impressions were good and the food was good as well, looking forward to filling out my stamp card!
3	I would do 2.5 stars if I could make it that way. So lets start off with the good. Taste of the food? Pretty good. Very similar to most Japanese restaurant's curry. Whatever is fried stayed crispy. Nothing bad, but nothing extraordinary either. Service was good.I felt like their prices were a little high considering their portion sizes. Everyone knows that everything in Hawaii is more expensive than the mainland. However, I could get the same curry plate that's double the portion, still for cheaper than kaba curry. Simple things like just adding a little more rice or more curry sauce would just "make" the plate look fuller and make customers feel like they're getting a great deal. Rice and sauce are the most inexpensive things in a restaurant so I don't feel like people need to be stingy with those. Just a little comparison: at ichiza their beef curry is around $8 (loaded with beef, vegetables, and rice) and I can never finish it all and always have some lunch for tmrw as well. Here...I paid the same price for basically just curry sauce, rice, and katsu and I cleaned the plate off and still felt hungry. The atmosphere here can get super awkward as well! I don't wanna offend ppl into that "cosplay" world but....I felt like this restaurant was a mini convention for that! Everyone in there were in bright colored wigs, dressed up like anime, or playing magic cards! It wasn't even Halloween! We were the only "normal" customers there. It was just awkward! And it seems like they're the friends of the owners too cuz they even go behind the counter freely. I felt like I was in another world and I just wanted to finish my food and leave. I mean, if you're into those kinda things or you don't mind that the place is packed with cosplay ppl then sure maybe you'll like the atmosphere. But it wasn't for me. I'll stick to ichiza. More food for the buck and I don't feel like I'm in another world there.
5	Hands down the best Japanese style curry in Vegas! \^^/
5	Ive been coming here since they first opened up and ive been coming once a week since then,They have a great vibe to be in and a great mix of wonderful homemade food.I even get Kaba cravings all the time, all their desserts they make are great ,I glad to see them grow and watch their dream go along with the menu.
4	Kaba Curry is a curry house, Japanese? Hawaiian? I'm not really sure but all I know is it is good. Today I had the loco moco. As a fan of loco moco's I've had them growing up and it was a very fresh take on the Hawaiian Classic. I was brought here by my friends recommendation and was happy to come here. The interior decorations were simple but was very comfortable. The wait staff was kind and helpful suggesting popular foods and some tasty additions to any curry. Overall an enjoyable experience I hesitate on giving a five at the moment because I would like to come in again. They will have plenty of times to change my mind.
5	I love this place. Reminds me of curry house in Hawaii. Nice people. Will definitely be back if I'm in the area.
5	OMG soooo delicious!!!! Seriously yummy!!! If you LOVE Cocos check this place out!!! Prices are awesome, staff is friendly and the food is sooo delicious!!! We just moved here and this is on our Fav. List!!!
3	3-stars, curry pretty good, just missing food! Wow 7 bucks for loco moco! Was expecting big plate for that price, so built up my appetite only to find out was in manini bowl, with manini portions and no mac salad with dat. To top it off they ran out of mac, curry with no mac is KAPU in my book.If you're on a diet, need an expensive pupu, or jus like tickle your tummy this is an ok spot.
5	Kaba Curry is the best curry. Everything here is great! Recommend to everyone!
4	Haven't been to Kaba Curry for a long time. The last time was when they were at the food court on Charleston. It was finally getting cold here in Vegas, so it was the perfect time to eat curry and visit the new location. I'm glad that they have an actual restaurant now, because let's be honest here, that food court was deserted and kind of sad. I was a little disappointed not to see the friendly faces of Anthony and Maki when we walked in. They were always present at the old location. The menu had changed quite a bit, but in a good way. It was nice to see more options for sides and toppings, as well as some new desserts. Now you can also choose spice levels, which doesn't apply to me since I stay away from spicy foods, but I know that people like to have the option.The restaurant was clean and spacious. The employees were friendly and attentive. Our food came out quickly and the Chicken Katsu was still as awesome as before. My only complaint? Well, maybe two. First, the temperature of the curry was disappointing. No, I don't want my curry to be boiling hot, but I definitely don't want it to be at room temperature either. Yes, it was that bad. I guess it was partly my fault because I could have complained. But on the other hand, I didn't know these employees. What if they got mad about me complaining and spit in my food? LOL totally kidding. But seriously, lukewarm curry does not taste good! This second one is more of a suggestion than a complaint. It would really be nice if they had brown rice as an option, even if there was an extra charge for it. They have a "frequent grubbers card" so make sure you ask for one if they forget to offer it to you. 2 stamps = a free drink4 stamps = a free side7 stamps = a free meal!I'm hoping that we just went in on a off day. Winter is around the corner, so I will be back for sure!
4	I used to go to Kaba when they were still close to school on Charleston - I'm glad they moved.  The new location is more spacious and they're not sharing a common space with anyone. It's next door to Bazic. They have a DJ booth. They have more items on their menu now. What didn't change is their service. Friendly and they genuinely care about their product and their customers.I normally get rice and chicken katsu/ pork tonkatsu with whatever toppings I feel like having that day + a melon soda/ Ramune. Last time I went, I tried the curry cheese fries with chicken katsu, kurobuta sausage, korokke (croquettes) corn and mushrooms. I got one topping for free for checking in. I can't say I've tried anything on their menu I didn't like.We were asked if we want to be guinea pigs and try their seasonal pumpkin kaba cake (available Oct-Nov only). Since I love their kaba cake (green tea), we couldn't say no! Their kaba cakes are steamed so they're very moist and soft. The pumpkin kaba cake had only a hint of pumpkin which is good because I hate pumpkin. The frosting was great. Their desserts aren't super sweet.So you pick a curry base, spice level, side(s) and topping(s). They also have salads, curry chili bowl, roti, chicken plate, furikake and desserts.Curry Bases ($4.99-7.50):Curry & rice, curry & cheese fries, curry fried rice, curry udon, loco mocoSpice Levels (50 cents...for reals!):1 to 5Sides ($1.50-3):Beer-marinated ground beef, chicken karaage, chicken katsu, corned beef hash patty, deep-fried tofu, deep-fried shrimp, korokke, kurobuta sausage,  lumpia, shrimp gyoza, spam katsu, tonkatsu and steamed veggiesToppings (50-75 cents):Egg, corn, cheese, kimchee, fukujinzuke, mushrooms, rakkyo, spinach, extra curry, extra riceDesserts ($2-5.50):Chantilly kaba cakes, green tea kaba cakes, cheesecake, haupia chocolate mousse pie, melon soda & green tea ice cream float, midori mash up.
3	I'm not a fan of curry, so eating here for the first time was akin to living on the edge for me.  However, it was for a good cause as a group of Yelpers dined here after bringing donations for Typhoon Haiyan victims.  I liked the simple menu:  choose a base of curry with rice, udon, fried rice, or fries and then proceed to add to sides to the base, from chicken katsu, lumpia, fried shrimp, to gyoza, corned beef hash, and fried Spam.  Plus, you can add toppings, as well (corn, mushrooms, cheese, to name a few).  According to the menu, you're also supposed to choose your spice level, but we weren't asked what level we'd like.  I'm glad my food wasn't spicy because I'm wimpy that way.The b/f and I were hungry when we arrived and just got hungrier as we waited for our food to arrive.  It took a bit longer than normal, I assume, because there were a lot of us there.  I started with the roti and curry, which disappeared quickly--good stuff!  The b/f got the loco moco with chicken katsu and karaage.  My main meal of chicken katsu, Portuguese sausage, korroke (potato croquette) with curry and white rice didn't arrive until at least ten minutes after.  (I actually wanted fried rice, but they were sold out.)  It's never fun to watch someone else eat when you're hangry, but at least the b/f shared.  When my meal arrived, it was good, but I didn't really need the curry or eat much of it; that's just my personal preference.  I was content with the chicken, sausage, and rice--very much like eating dinner at my mom's house.  Service was good and it was nice to try something different--now I know what Japanese curry is like.
3	I am one to shy away from Japanese curry. For the longest time, I would be quick to say that I like almost every other cultures version of curry until I went to another local restaurant in Vegas. I liked Kaba Curry. Which has me teetering between a three and four star review. The staff is really friendly and have greeted me with a smile both times I have been there. They excuse themselves when busy and always make sure that the guest knows that they are not being ignored.The food is good. I had the Kaba Moco and thought it was solid in flavor. The complaint comes in the fact that I always feel the need for more pickled radish and scallions. I wish they would just put some on the table. Besides that small inconvenience, I didn't care for the wait time on certain items. My friends ordered curry udon and it took some time before they got their items. Other people had their meals already and were trying to wait. One of the udons was lukewarm at best. By that time, most of our meals were in an attempt to wait. I understand that the kitchen is small. I would go back. I like their flavor. they just need to figure out how to navigate their issues.
3	Kaba is one of those places I've been meaning to try and since they were one of the partnered businesses for We Are One supply drive for Philippines so I wanted to go support all that were helping gather up donations. I got the udon curry with just egg and rakkyo. Overall the current was decent, but there was a little too much cumin flavor for me. I do like it with the udon and while I went really plain it stood up well alone. The BF said his loco moco was okay. Mac salad was plentiful and was well made. I was STILL hungry though after eating. I ate a full bahn mi after and got shaved snow immediately after leaving. Not good. I could have ordered more here, but the wait did not lead me to want to get dessert or extra sides. I understand with there being large groups there would be some wait, but I just noticed how it was not really efficient. Things were coming out one by one, so I don't think they are doing line procedure in assembling and expediting. Like at our table there was 3 loco mocos and 2 curry udons. You would think all the locos come out together, the udons come out together, etc. The first moco was halfway done and the next two arrived a few minutes apart....then my udon came and the BF asked about their side of macaroni. The BF was at a few bites left of his moco before the mac salad came. After all the loco mocos were eaten, finally Christina got her udon which was cold but the gyoza was warmer so they probably had it sitting waiting on the fried gyoza. Most people were saying that one part of their meal was hot while the other was cold. My egg was hot, noodles warm. This feels like a timing issue. A few people at my table who have been here before have said food takes a long time here, even in their previous visits.Curry is made in large batches, the sides are made to order for it. 90minutes of a meal just seemed a bit long for our 2 tables plus a few people at the bar and one group of 3 in the restaurant. The waitress was nice enough. It's alright. I think I prefer curry elsewhere. I did like the udon curry noodles, but that is not a 1 hour 10 minute wait worthy food. Very few things for me is.
4	I'm a little late to the Kaba Curry game!They have a very casual vibe here.  Clean setup, nice atmosphere, and the friendly staff goes well with the good food served here.My fav so far has been the Curry Rice ($11): Tonkatsu, Kaarage, and Fried Egg. I asked for the "spicy" curry, and it packs a punch! It was only a little bit spicy in my book, but there was TONS of flavor! My favorite Japanese CURRY so far.I would say the Tonkatsu was passable though, as well as the Kaarage.  I think the best sides so far have been the Chicken Katsu and Kurobuta Sausage personally.Also tried the Curry Cheese Fries ($12-13): Chicken Katsu, Kurobuta Sausage, Corn and Mushrooms. This was much different but tasty! Recommended if you want to try something new in a less traditional sense.We have also tried the Curry Udon, which is essentially udon noodles with a curry broth.  It is thin enough to drink as a soup without being overpowering.  The flavor is good, but the combination was a little different.  Give it a try if you are looking for something different.And to finish, we got to try the Pumpkin Kaba Cakes. These were pretty awesome! They steam the cakes here, so they come out super moist, rich, and delicious!  This was the highlight of the meal, along with the flavorful curry :)Check it out if you are craving curry!Pics:
3	I see my Yelp buds checking into this place from time to time. But I gots to say...I wasn't too impressed.  So, here we go...The gf and I came here to meet a few Yelp peeps and to drop off some donations at Yosi.  When we arrived, our Yelp buds were already here and the place wasn't busy.  One thing I immediately noticed, no one had food on their tables. I assumed that they all ordered and were just waiting for their food. About 10 minutes later, one of the employees arrive at their table to finally take their order. Say What?  You know what that meant.  That meant that it's going to take about 15 minutes or so for just our orders to be taken.  Yes, I was right, but it was more like 20 minutes.  Ordering their food is simple, you start at the top with your base, then add to it with whatever they have to offer (i.e. beef, shrimp, egg rolls, shrimp, chicken, etc), and then add toppings of your choice.  I got their Loco Kaba Moco with Chicken Karaage and Chicken Katsu.  I also used my free check in to have mushrooms added.  I thought that food was just okay, nothing spectacular.  I have to admit, I'm not a curry fan.  But Kaba's curry is pretty good.  The karaage and katsu was average.  Remember I had mushrooms added?  Well, they didn't. They forgot the mushrooms, but at this point I didn't care since it was part of my free Yelp check in. But back to the service, when our food arrived, they forgot to give me utensils.  And you know me, I need a fork for everything.  I eventually got my fork so I can chow down.  My gurlpren's food took a little longer and when it finally arrived, they decided to be consistent with their service and fail to get her utensils too. So, overall my experience here was just okay. I didn't have too many issues with my food because I knew what to expect based on the price and what I was eating. I was just a little disappointed with the overall service. Will I be back? Perhaps, maybe, or maybe not.   PS:  I turn into the Hulk when I'm starving. I go from hangry to angry. And you wouldn't want to see me when I'm angry. YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (491/500)
3	The salad dressing was good, greens a little bitter but in was okay with that.  The curry is a good japanese style curry.  If you are looking for an exact replica of CoCo Ichibanya, you should keep looking.
5	I've always seen this place on my daily trips to Chinatown but I've never actually went in unil today. Craving curry, but seeing that my usual spot at Japanese Zen Curry was a 30 minute wait, I decided to try this place out with my boyfriend. It's a small, modern place that was pretty empty for a Friday night when I came in, minus about 4 people, not including the employees. The waitress let us sit wherever we want and we then proceeded to look at the menu. I was surprised with all the options that were given, where it included curry fries, curry udon, etc, not just the usual curry and rice, and there were many toppings to choose from. I decided on getting the curry and rice with corned beef hash, spice level 2, and my boyfriend got the curry udon with shrimp gyoza, spice level 5. The wait time wasn't too bad, about 15 minutes, but the food that came out as a result was well worth the wait. To put it plainly, it was absolutely positively amazing.
3	This place okay.....kind of disappointed. Got my food but it seemed like they warm the curry  in the microwave cause mine was maybe a little warmer than Luke warm. Curry is suppose to be HoT man!  The food is not bad but a couple of stars deducted for so so service and pretty much cold curry. I really wanted to like this place. .. try again some day.
4	I have been wanting to try this place out for a few weeks now.  I finally got to try it!  It was empty with the exception of a table of people having a meeting and another table.  The server was nice and patient.  My daughter and hubs can sometimes be indecisive and they were also out of some menu items.  Service was great and the food was yummy.  I had the rice and curry with chicken katsu and Japanese sausage.  I opted for a little bit spicier than the regular curry and added corn.  It was delicious.  My hubs and daughter opted for no curry with rice and had spam katsu, kimchi, pickled scallions, and egg rolls.  I can't remember what else hubs ordered.  All in all, we will probably be back!  =)
4	My boyfriend and I are here all the time when we crave curry. Best curry we've found in Vegas!! The texture is really soupy and not too thick. I always get a level 4 and it's just spicy enough where I can enjoy and savor it. The corn hash is about one of the best things in my life. Def recommend trying it. Service was great, but it feels like we're being a little rushed. We like to take our time but once the waitress sees you take your last bite she'll ask for the plate before you put the spoon down. Pretty funny.Atmosphere is so awesome. I love the decorations and consistency in colors and logo. If you're looking for curry similar to the CoCo Ichibanya in LA then you'll love this place.
2	Uh, I was expecting something like Curry House back home in Hawaii, especially considering the decor looked like a downgraded version, but I was awfully disappointed. I had the curry udon with chicken karage and the portions were pretty small, for the price you pay definitely not worth it. The chicken karage also tasted funny. All in all, I probably would not come back.
3	3 stars because there food is so good. Tired of going there and they are closed during business hours (twice this week). Took my lunch at work and wanted to get a to go order, drive there and they were closed. Wasted my lunch and had to settle for drive through. Unprofessional and frustrating.
5	The owners of Kaba Curry are really awesome and inventive.  I have had Coco's Curry in Hawaii and don't remember liking it.  My friends invited me here and the menu offerings are similar. To my surprise I really enjoyed the food here.  The curry grilled cheese is simple and tasty. Dip your fries in the curry... Yum. I love roti and usually have it with a yellow curry. The version they have here is pretty good, different not as sweet.  The Gyoza are made with shrimp we also dipped it in the curry of course!  Tried the loco moco.  I really like that the onions are cooked in the burger patty. They ordered the chicken katsu over rice and curry.  The chicken was very clean, just meat with the crunchy coating. And by far the best thing on the menu  is the chantilly kaba cakes.  They steam it and the chocolate cake is so soft. The sauce is like a smoother less sweet consistency compared to condensed milk.  For sure coming here again!
3	Came here for the first time with some friends. Their first time too. Had a fried who loved this place a lot so decided to try it. Interior was painted yellow with bench seats along the wall and pull out chairs on the other side. pretty spacious. probably could fit a few more tables if they needed to.Came here for dinner around 5:30. Pretty empty. We were the only table aside from one other guy, which i think was a DJ? Their menu is fairly simple. First row, you get your pick of either Rice + Curry, Cheese Fries + Curry, Fried Rice + Curry, and Curry Udon. Second row, you have a choice of spice level (if you want it spicy, regular is non-spicy) for a charge of 50 cents. Third section is the sides, which ranges from like chicken katsu, to sausages, etc for average 2-3 dollars per side (with no limit to how many sides you can get of course, as long as you are willing to pay XD). Fourth section is the toppings like corn, mushrooms, etc. Bottom section is the drinks. Simple and easy. Pick your selection as you go down the sections and you have your order. NOTE ! With Yelp check in - free side and topping ! Saves you like 3-4 bux if you get katsu and a side ! I had gotten the cheese fries + curry with chicken katsu and a fried egg (with the imagination of it being an over easy egg so if i broke it, the yummy gooey yolk will flow over the katsu and fries !!! ) When the order came, i was actually a little surprised on how small it was. I had no expectation on the size beforehand but i guess i was hoping it be larger because i was hungry XD ! Fries were nice and crispy. Curry itself, was nice. Not super seasoned like some other curries i have but it was ok (not too much of a fan of japanese curry). Was gonna add spicy to it but decided against it because i like to try the original flavor before any changes =P As i had said before, i had ordered an egg but the egg was a little too cooked compared to what i had hoped for. Was maybe "over medium" vs the over easy i wanted XD no ooey gooey goodness to go over my stuff =[ sad haha jk kinda =X lol the best thing, to my surprise was the chicken katsu. despite it being a $3 (if not free from yelp check in), you get 1 piece of chicken katsu. What had surprised me was how juicy and moist the chicken was. Props to the chef/owner on pulling that off !! Overall, not bad experience. Wished portions was bigger XD
4	Kaba curry was bomb! Had it a few weeks ago but forgot to write a review. Got the loco moco. Dig it.
4	We were going to another place in the shopping center but decided to stop and try Kaba Curry.The waitress was very helpful and told us what wasn't available on the menu that day.She also explained why there was an extra charge to have the curry spiced hot), in that their curry regularly comes without spice.I had the curry with white rice, I added level 3 hotness (hotness levels of 1-5)with Fried Spam and Kimchee on the side.It was very good, and the portion size was "just right".A very good experience and I will be back.
2	First impression of Kaba Curry was not good. Our little family walked in an hour and a half before closing and all we saw was a HUGE group of guys waiting for their meal. And when I say huge, I mean they took up like half the restaurant. I knew we were going to have somewhat of a wait because there were no plates in front of them. There wasn't a sign that said to seat yourself, so we waited by the counter. There was a man behind the counter talking to another man (one of the patrons) and I'd say it took a good FIVE minutes for him to even acknowledge us..... and we were standing right in front of him. My boyfriend gave me the "let's just walk out" look but this place has been blasting my IG newsfeed so I wanted to see the hype. When we were finally able to order, there was a list of stuff they had ran out of, so we had to rethink our decisions. (ugh) We waited a good 20-25 minutes for our food but it was nice and piping hot. The curry was OK. I think we prefer Indian curry so it may just be a preference thing. My BF ate the food, but I don't think he'll want to eat it again. The concept is great and they offer very creative toppings and sides to go along with the curry, but like I said, it may just be a preference thing. I would give the food a 3/4 but have to downgrade to a 2 because of the initial service. Perhaps I'll visit again and update after.....
4	This place is 3.5 stars for me, but as it doesn't get as much attention as Curry Zen, I decided to boost by rounding up to 4 stars for them.Honestly, Curry Zen offers superior quality, but Kaba Curry is also decent to my Japanese taste buds.My suggestion for them is to simplify the offerings - focus on the best menu items that you're proud of, then try to do it even better. Loco moco style curry is pretty good, but some toppings like tonkatsu was subpar. The inconsistency in the quality makes you look worse than you actually are.
5	This place is known to be as "Kaba Curry is the Cool Curry" Great Place & food is amazing! I would recommend this place to all my friends!
3	We came here on a Wednesday afternoon during a lunch break. I ordered1. #1 rice and curry - lvl 3, 4.99 2. with Tonkatsu, 3 3.  Fried egg, 75c4. Kim chi, 75c  (Yelp Check-In free topping)For $12 - In the SF supermarket plaza. On the 2ndfloor. - The food reminds me of something I stir up when I was in college. Get some Golden Curry by S&B, canned corn, fry myself an egg, steam some rice, and top it off with some Kim Chi I bought at HMart. What I can't make and would take some time is the Tonkatsu. - The tonkatsu was good. flaky, better than L&Ls, but nothing like Yu-Yu on Chinatown. - Portions are average. Didn't get full, but enough to be satisfied. - I personally think, although not curry but pretty similar, is Island Style's cutlet with gravy is better, especially for the price. - Friendly service. Pretty empty so we got in and out in about 30 minutes. - I'd probably come back to try other foods. Although, food is very simple. Not too impressed.
1	Ehh.. Nothing life changing. I've tried to eat here four times.. and three of them, they were closed. (While store hours claim to be open) Apparently ran by younger people and the place closes early on a Saturday?! Isn't that the number one day you should be open late?! Anyways, you walk in and its kind of awkward, its a very wide open room.. such a waste of space! Granted that they aren't busy you could use that space for tables and what not. We sat down, placed our order, and here it comes! Man, it's really not that bad but I would absolutely prefer to eat at Curry Zen. The curry is watery and with the added cheese I'm not sure if I could even find it! I got the corn beef which was bomb! Curry Zen needs to get on that haha. Also had the korroke.. soooooo sad. It tasted like boxed taters with garlic powder nothing spectacular. It's ok, I can't say that I would go back as long as Zen stays open.Sad, that owner comments on reviews will always sway your decision making..
5	Such a great move from the old location. They have up graded the menu and look. The staff has their unique styles in fashion and are very polite. I have never been a fan of Curry but after tasting this particular type of Japanese Curry I have been always coming back and a huge fan.Its funny to read the other comments on how Kaba is compared to other curry places, this is to review a place and not to compare, there are other apps to do comparisons like the IMAGOO App. buwahahaha...  I can tell you that Kaba Curry is the first Curry House to hit Las Vegas. With a spacious venue I am not rubbing elbows with people while trying to eat or bumping the chairs of other people trying to get to the restroom to wash my hands.Its priced reasonably for the average foodie. There are a lot of topping/ side selections to choose from so you can be creative with your own dish. If you think you can make curry better at home then stay at home and write a review on your own cooking. hahaha (hence Chris C's Review) haha. Who doesn't know how to cook their own rice and fry an egg? lol
2	Was ok ...not wowed!   4 drinks that I wanted they were out of.   They also ran out of straws.   A place that only does curry should be well stocked.   I mean you don't have to order much.   First impression not having most basic things is kinda bad.  The curry was good but tasted like the one from the box at the grocery store.  The fried rice was mushy and tasteless.  The croquet and corn beef hash was good.  Spam katsu tasted burnt and was brown....looked old...everything on the plate was brown....even though I ordered extra curry it was still kinda little bit.  Felt like they just gave you enough to cover the plate.  And you pay .50 for spice, which is kinda weird.
3	I was really excited to come here because I was craving curry, and read the reviews so I wanted to see if it lived up to the hype. Unfortunately, my first time here left something to be desired. I came here with a few friends. When we walked in there were a few people seated at the bar, and two other tables, but it didn't seem busy. We weren't sure if we seated ourselves or not, and w weren't greeted so we just sat at an open table. It took a little while before we were even acknowledged, but the server was apologetic and got us started with drinks. Unfortunately, when we ordered the server came back and told us they were sold out and that we had to reorder. After changing my order, I ended up getting the standard Katsu Curry and added a fried egg. When we ordered the server warned us there was only one cook, and that service would be a little slow. I didn't mind at first, but after over an hour of waiting, I started to wonder if we should go elsewhere. They did give us some jello straws to snack on while we waited, I appreciated the gesture, but didn't really care for the jello.Once we got our food, I was a little disappointed with the portion size. As far as taste, the curry was flavorful and the katsu was cooked well. It was tasty, but not worth waiting over an hour for.  They gave us a complimentary dessert for the excessive wait time, a chocolate cake with a Chantilly sauce. I checked in on yelp and got my topping free which was nice. It's a bit pricey considering how much you food you get. I did like how customizable their menu was, but the combinations add up quickly. Without any extras, and the free topping deal, my Katsu Curry was $9.The food was okay, but the slow service was disappointing. They did try to make up for it, and I appreciated that so for now this place gets 3 stars from me. I may have come here on an off day, so I'd like to give it a second chance and edit my review!
5	I've watched this small one window shop grow into an awesome restaurant. The service is always great, the owners and servers are friendly and will most def remember you when you come back! :) The food is innovative, has an island flair and so very tasty. I come back often. I never leave without having the chantilly kaba cakes. Mmmmmmmmm.
2	Curry spots have been sprouting throughout Las Vegas just like when ramen was beginning to blow up and Zen was my go to spot.  I heard of this place and would see it as I drove past it from time to time and one late night I thought i would give this place a chance.Walking to the place it was fairly clean and open.  They have a tv which plays the same series of random anime and tuesday blend clips over and over.  The music they were playing gave me the impression that I was walking into some underground fight club which didn't bother me, just gave me a weird vibe.They have japanese magazines with some business cards on a table in the middle of the restaurant which was cool.  I really enjoyed going through all the pictures in the magazine despite not being able to read it. Food: I ordered the loco moco curry dish.  The dish itself was good HOWEVER, the curry was cold.  What I don't understand is how you can advertise yourself as a curry restaurant and to not even keep the curry at a good temperature really disappointed me.  Besides the temperature of the food, the spice level (3-4) was spot on. Service: Was great, everyone was really nice and I didn't have an issue with anyone. Overall, curry needs to be hot bottom line... The cold curry really ruined the whole meal.  Would i come back? not sure since Zen is close by and their curry is always spot on.
4	Wanted to check this place out since I pass by it every time. Long visit short, I didn't like my experience here. The food was okay but overall I wasn't satisfied. I came in yesterday, Friday, around 6pm. The only customer there, I didn't know whether I should stop at the entrance and wait to be seated by an employee or walk straight through to find an area to sit at. Knowing one of them as a friend I walked up to him. I was a bit timid as I passed by two girls who were eyeing me. They got the nerves to do that when they wouldn't even greet their customer. Sat at the bar to be closer to my friend who works there since I wanted to feel less uncomfortable.Those two girls had me pissed off. I felt awkward as I was just at the bar, silence everywhere. Is it hard for them to lighten the mood in the place? How is it hard to talk to a customer when I'm the only one there? Watching the show that they had put on of a random anime, I asked them what kind of anime that was. All I got was a "Oh, I don't even know." They can at least spark up some small talk. It ended there.My friend who works at the back was the one who took my order. He made it less awkward and I'm relieved he would accompany me while I payed for a visit. Got the rice with katsu, fried egg and mushrooms in the curry, level 5 spice. It was pretty good, thought it was a bit watered down but I like the spice. Still could taste the kick of flavours with it. I still felt awkward eating when those girls were just there.Food was good. Service was a no. I wish those girls could at least make an effort to make small talk with their customers. I wanted to eat comfortably!3 stars because I couldn't give them a 2 just for really bad service.
5	You know those places where you can go to just kick it and hang with your goofy friends and chat with the staff? This is one if those places. You can come as you are, the nerdier the better! Let your inner otaku out while you eat some amazing dishes.The decor is simple and bright, very inviting and you're always welcomed with a smile. The food is cooked to order so it comes out piping hot. You can choose from different bases and then add as many toppings as you like. Get crazy with it! We won't judge you. Oh, and you can choose your spice level so you can sweat out all those toxins or stay calm and collected while you devour the deliciousness. And just a side note, this is Japanese curry, not the overwhelmingly fragrant Indian curry. So if you were worried about any type of strong smell don't worry. You can still kiss that hot crush of yours with no issues!
5	One of my favorite places in Vegas. The food is reliably awesome. The Kaba Moko is just happiness in your belly and I love the Roti Canai. So many options, and Anthony is always good enough to check up and ask how you feel about the food. Ruka is the hardest working server in show business. Show these people some love and come for some of the best food in town.
2	What a curry-letdown. :(My boyfriend & I are ultimate avid fans of Curry Zen with its rich, spicy, saucy, delicious curry dishes. However, we wanted to try something new and decided to eat at Kaba Curry. I've heard a lot of hype about it & all the cool cats seem to like it so why not betray Curry Zen for just one day..The concept is cool, the vibe is hip with loud music, buuuuut.. the food was not up to par. The meats were cooked well but I felt that the curry itself is a bit watery rather than a thick, all-day-simmered curry. Portions were not very adequate. The katsu seemed like it was such a small cutlet, like half of what were used to. The extra curry that my boyfriend ordered looked the same as mine that wasn't extra curry. We waited so long for our meals and we were the only ones there really.. Well, I suppose besides some other people randomly hanging out there. We were so hungry when we got our food that we ate it all because the portions were small. Got the bill & seriously did not think it was worth the amount I was paying for, even with the free topping.My boyfriend & I just looked at each other in silence & immediately knew we were not impressed. Thank you for the friendly service though but the food is not really worth going back for.
2	Not the best curry,  it's a bit pricey.  To little portions. But the people are very nice & have good customer service.
2	This place isn't that food but the people but tonight very disappointed. There closing hours are11pm. Called at 10pm to make an order. They said there closed because there slow. I asked what time you close they said 11 but closed early because no customers. Bad business.
5	just tried this place, hella bomb curry.  was satisfied with their service & staff & food! will be back again for sure and enjoyed meeting & talking to tnes, nice to meet other people from home/hawaii.
5	Best curry place by far in Vegas! AND they had spam katsu! Which I've been craving for for so long (been searching for a good curry place that has it too) Food was soooo good & loved that we could pick whatever we wanted to go along with the curry. Staff & service was good too! definitely coming back
5	Had the options to pick curry spice levels and sides! What stood out was the awesome service! Staff made us feel soo comfortable! Maki and Tnes were super friendly! We'll def come back to this place!!!!
4	Warning: Bay Area folks, better than Curry House in Cupertino.Their loco moco had a Japanese curry twist to eat. It was amazing! Love grilled cheese sandwich? Their's have Japanese curry in it! Double the amazing!We would've ordered more, but we arrived late, the fryer was being cleaned. And due to some menu changes, some items were blacked out.They were extra friendly either way, and the waitress was personable. Carried conversation like we were friends and managed to co-erce the manager for the Wi-fi password for us. LOLPlease bring Kaba Curry to California, preferably Bay Area! I would recommend to friends who don't mind leaving the strip to get real food that's not over priced and delicious!
2	This review is based on portion only.I was charged $10.27 for one piece of chicken katsu cutlet that was cut into 5 pieces and an order of curry udon, the size of a bowl that could fit in my hand.I recommend heading to Japanese Curry Zen that's half a block away since portion is bigger and for about the same price.Also, be careful with the closing times listed on Yelp (2:00am) that's listed. I called once to make a to go order and they already closed their kitchen at midnight.
2	Walked in on a thurs night and it was not busy whatsoever. A friend and I were the only ones seated in the actual restaurant area while there were about several others already eating/drinking at the bar. Food took literally 35 minutes, let me remind you, we were the only ones in the seating area of the restaurant. Expecting it to be AMAZING considering the wait time, instead left very disappointed. Tonkatsu: skimped portionsMarinated beef: tasted and looked like simple ground hamburger, nothing special Curry: prob the best thing on the plate; but was quite skimped as well Not to mention, food came out cold. Save your time and goto Zenn curry. Sry Kaba, I don't thjnk I will be back again!
4	I was having a craving for curry and had the need to fulfill it. I heard so much about this place that I decided to give it a try.Thursday night and this place was not busy whatsoever. We were able to take a seat wherever we liked and received very fast service. Unfortunately some of the things on the menu were being discontinued and the prices of fountain drinks were being raised, but our server kindly informed us all of this. He didn't rush us at all while taking our order and was very patient with us - something I greatly appreciate when receiving customer service. As we were waiting for our food, we were able to play tic-tac-toe on the tabletops. I thought this was pretty cool and an innovative way to keep people busy as they wait for their food. The environment of this place is very casual and modern, and the atmosphere is very laid back. As for the food, it was very delicious. I've only tried a few Japanese curry houses in Vegas, but this is honestly the best one I've been too. The curry tastes yummy, and there is a wide selection of toppings and sides you can get with your curry. You can even choose a spice level if you want. They even have a few already made dishes if you're feeling a bit indecisive for that day. Everything is pretty affordable too, so I would recommend this place for those who don't want to spend too much money for a decent meal. I do feel like the portions could be a bit bigger though since I ran out of curry before finishing all of my rice. It's not the best Japanese curry I ever had, for it's a bit of a thinner consistency. But for Vegas, it's a spot I would recommend. Overall, I would definitely come back again.
3	I heard this from a friend so I decided to stop by! The ambient of the place is really nice and the music in the background is good, so I'll give them props to that. Now for the curry....I ordered the Kurokke and it was creamy and very hot! I burnt my tongue but I still had a good time eating it. Another topping was an egg. It was my mistake not asking for not a fully cooked egg, so I couldn't enjoy it as much. I also ordered ginger and onion as sides but you had to pay for them....at zen curry they're free. The curry was also watery, instead of thick and rich The taste of it is good though. All in all, it was a good experience.
5	Don't believe the other reviews until you try it yourself! Kaba Curry is the first Japanese curry I've had. I thought it was amazing and I'm Thai. Other people have told me that Zen was way better so I went to try that place out with my friend expecting for the best. Wrong!!! Zen lacked the flavor in their curry that I loved from Kaba Curry.I brought my same friend over to Kaba to try the curry there and my friend agreed that Kaba's curry had much more flavor! Spice levels are also great. Love this place :)
4	I came here late one night after First Friday, I'd never had this style of curry before so this was a new experience for me. But I thought it was great! I had the rice and curry with chicken katsu topped with an egg. The prices are good and I loved the endless edamame!
3	For me, I didn't favor the curry here. The sauce tasted like chili from Wendy's, the chicken katsu was mediocre. The batter was poorly executed on the meat. I know the full potential this place can achieve. The decor and service was decent though. I will be more than happy to give a better rating once the food I'm on my next visit. I will come back and give this place another chance.   :)
5	I actually prefer this curry compared to curry zen. The curry is NOT WATERY, it is thinner in texture but it does not lack flavor, therefor again, NOT WATERY. I am actually able to eat rice, curry, and katsu without choking because of the thickness in the sauce. I ordered the chicken katsu with my curry and it was so tender and juicy. Most katsus at other places are dry and over cooked. Food was also made fast and the service is awesome! Absolute hidden gem. I would go back anytime.
5	I have loved this place since 2012 when they were doing a kick starter, Been there almost every week since they got this new location and with their new and improved menu along with the app I have to say they just keep getting better and better. The curry is the best I've had in town and now even their none curry items are worth going for like the garlic chicken and the tasty new fries.  I always suggest this place to all my friends.
3	I'm a fan of Japanese curry.  Kaba Curry is alright for the value, but it certainly isn't my favorite in town.  I had eaten at the old location a while ago and honestly remembered liking it a little more. The curry sauce itself has an enjoyable flavor to it and they offer a nice variety of options--several of which will do in a pinch, but none that entice me to come back to them. Fans of udon noodles can get Curry Udon...that's something you don't find everywhere, but not a big enough draw for me.Like the 3 Stars say, they're "A-OK." There are better options in walking distance though which make me think I will not be coming back anytime soon.Kaba Curry is open late--2am late...so if you are in the mood for Japanese Curry and it is after 11pm when all the other shops have closed down it would behoove you stop in for a late-night bite. The staff is nice, but the small kitchen can get backed up in a hurry. Expect a wait if there are even a few orders ahead of you...or if you are a part of a large party.Come here for late night Japanese Curry...Come here late while the DJ is playing for an atypical dining experience...Come here if you're a twenty-something on a budget...Expect to wait if you come here and find other patrons...
3	Concept is dope as fuck however the curry was not my type.It seems like if you are a fan of Thai Curry you will probably be a fan of this place. I ordered the Curry Rice + Chicken Katsu + Chicken Karaage. Growing up on Japanese Curry I like it thick and spicy (shout out to those ladies). Kaba's curry is a little bit watered down as if they use apple sauce to mild the curry (I hate when my mom did this). Shit I just realized I never let the girl know how hot I wanted it...maybe this was why the flavor was a little bit tangy which was different than what I am used to. The Chicken Katsu was on point, the Chicken Karaage was as well. Probably the best Chicken Karaage in town in my opinion. If you don't know what it is it's basically a lighter fried chicken with flavor to it. The staple dish that I grew up on...If this place sold Chicken Karaage and the varieties that you can make Karaage this place would have got damn near 5 stars but we talking bout curry.Like I mentioned the concept is cool, caters towards my generation and younger and has many items to add-on with. However in my PERSONAL OPINION the curry was a miss. I do want to try it on a spicier level so I would probably try it again. Has a lot of potential! If you haven't tried it just do it!
3	Lol I got like five pieces of meat blocks and a ton of rice and curry.  Could be better.
5	This Curry place is amazing...I am so in love with this place!I used to go to the other place but after I tasted Curry here.. I am going to say  this place curry is better than any other places!!! Just can't explain what is exactly different but I love it!I was not that big fan of curry person until I found out this place lolThinking about going back there again soon..Love the yellow color interior and energy! One of Co-Owner Anthony is so nice and friendly too.He mentioned they can have DJ for the big group, I am so excited to going back there again with my group.I'm so glad I found this place!!!
3	This place looks really cool. Too bad the curry was not that good 'Watery"....if you want to eat real Japanese curry just go across the street to Zen curry.
5	This is not your typical curry spot. People normally think India when they think of curry. This is Japanese. A different blend of spices and curry flavors make this place awesome. They even got a DJ booth: how cool is that? The owner (Anthony) is laid back and down to earth. Really cool peeps!! Check this spot out when you are in Chinatown (Las Vegas).
