5	This place isn't for everyone, so I won't call it the best buffet in Las Vegas (referring to the Sunday Mexican brunch buffet), but for me, it is the best. Chilaquiles, tacos, tortillas, chorizo, o my! Enough to get a gal hungry just typing about it! Vegas?! Plus, the unlimited margaritas never hurt anyone (except, of course, those who go to meetings and are trying to abstain...).
4	We ate here awhile ago and the food was 3 star good.  The reason I'm giving them 4 stars is because of this dessert.  I don't remember what's it called, but it's like a little pillow of dough that is kind of like a pita.  But, it's sweet.  And when you drizzle some honey on top of it, it's even sweeter!  And not just sugary sweet, but Eric Cartman "Sweet!"
4	What is better than Garduno's margarita brunch in the spring, poolside, followed up by a movie to sober you up by? If I were doing all of that with Johnny Depp, that's pretty much it.The food is just regular Garduno's food which, if you've been in Vegas long, you've probably had elsewhere.  I really like their guacamole.But really, the thing that seals the deal here is their Sunday margarita brunch.  A bounty of food for a small, small price (add more for the adult beverages) and you can sit by the water.  Also, since it's Sunday morning, all of the club kids are still in their rooms so you can almost forget that you're at the Palms!  Score!
4	Sundays are best for Mexican brunch with unlimited margarita drinks that poured even when your glass is 1/2 full. You can ask for blended versions as well. I was surprised as to how much tequila was in their margaritas since I thought they would be chintzy on the liquor, but boy was I wrong. Quite impressed with how quickly they refill your drinks though! Would definitely come back here again for Sunday brunch when I'm in the mood for decent Mexican food with endless margaritas.
3	The awesome clam/green chile chowder has now turned into a mess of a cheesy chowder with a few green chiles thrown in. Too bad, as it used to be the highlight of the menu. Chile Rellonos are still good, as is the Red Chile Colorado.  Nice vibe, nice time, but I sure wish they would bring the green chiles back to the green chile chowder. :-(
2	Food is blah, I prefer Chevy's over this place. Indoor decor is nice, service was so-so. Prices average (and we used a player's club coupon for $6 off for two). Oh, and the guacamole tasted like crap...something was just "off" about it.What I was most peeved about was that we weren't aware that they had poolside tables and they didn't tell us!! UGH. Hello, we're in Vegas, I want to see hot people in skimpy clothes! So yea, we sat at some random table looking into the kitchen. It wasn't until we were leaving that we noticed a whole other back room with a glorious view of tanned bodies! wtf...seriously, WTF.
2	I was on my way to the strip last friday night, and ran into some traffic.  As I was passing the Palm, I saw the sign for Gardunos, so I decided to check it out.  The wait was about 20 minutes, which wasn't too long, and the food came out quickly.  Our server was attentive until the food came, and then she disappeared for about an hour.  I wouldn't consider this the best Mexican restaurant, but it's ok.  The fajitas were of sirloin instead of the usual flat iron steak, so I was a little disappointed when it tasted more like stir-fry.  The machaca tacos and the handmade chicken tamales were good.It's about as good as a Chevy's, Don Pablos, or On the Border
4	Great food poolside at the Palms for not much money...really?  Absolutely.The Mexican food isn't the greatest ever, not by a damn sight, but it is good.  The chips are always warm and nice, the margaritas are excellent and there is always a lot of food.The main reason to go is for the pool scene.  You get to sit next to the pool, in the shade, and stare at half dressed hard bodies while eating good good.  If that doesn't sound good to you, it is NOT the place for you.Cheap. Casual. Solid food every time, and I have been there at least 20 times.  Good times.
4	the fish tacos were pretty goodnot quite what i expected from the palms, but it aint bad
5	We went here for the amazing Sunday brunch.  The all-you-can-drink margaritas were surprisingly strong and delicious.The food was also great.  Fajitas, omelets, fish, carnitas, etc.And they also have yummy desserts to really put you over the top.
4	People do not usually come to the Palms Hotel for Mexican food .There are the upscale lounges, the Playboy Club and the ever popular pool and pool parties. Soooo ... Gardunos - on most any night would be a three star Mexican restaurant.On Sunday ...... the Margarita Brunch for $16.95 transforms it into somplace magical.My sister and I came to the Sunday Brunch, and she was sure they would not put much alcohol in their margaritas ....after all it was Sunday and it is all you can drink( repeat .... all you can drink )so I did my best to test her theory wrong ,,, and I was extremely successful.They provide a nice "house" margarita with your meal. With an adequate amount of tequila.The food selection was very good as wellA fine variety of choices are available, but  I basically stayed with Fajitas and Carnitas.The Fajitas were super tasty and they served Carnitas in a spicy red sauce, and they were just supurb. The service was excellent ..... Waiters were very attentive and filled your glasses with your drink selection on a frequent basis.My thought is -  where in Las Vegas, can you get good food, get blasted and enjoy every bit of it for sixteen bucks ...I wonder what the  people in the Ghost bar paid for the same amount of tequila about 9 hours earlier.  Sunday Margarita Brunch is amazing .....
3	Okay Mexican food. The fajita bar order is recommended for someone with a big appetite. I liked that salsa bar too, with a nice selection of different sauces. Located in the Palms hotel, right next to the pool.
3	Good Mexican food, but it's expensive (at least I thought so). I went there for lunch and had the lunch special ($10) and a coconut margarita ($10) which equaled $22 for lunch! The drinks were also slow to come out. So if you're a tourist, I think it's okay. But for a local, it's pricey.
2	4 stars for the food.0 stars for the service.on a busy friday night, we called before going to see if we could get a reservation.  we get one for 8pm, arrive on time, are seated right away and given our menus.  (the restaurant inside the palms is huge and had a bunch of empty tables.)  it took seriously at least 15 minutes for anyone to come check on us.  the guy takes our drink order, but he's not our server.  15 minutes is a long time at a restaurant!then the chips and salsa finally came.  then another 10 minutes later, our waitress comes, with the most unpleasant attitude i've experienced at a restaurant in a long time.  she took our order and went on her merry way.  the food took longer than i'd expect for a mexican restaurant, but the way the meal was going so far, it didn't surprise me.  maybe our waitress just didn't like a table full of 7 girls, because she also had the two tables next to us and checked on them frequently.  she just avoided us.  came to us only once.  wouldn't even make eye contact over our way.  we all liked our food and our fruity margaritas.  i had the tamale and taco plate and it was quite delicious.  it even had the hole-in-the-wall home-made feeling....not the artificial el torito type.  now if only they could work on their service.
3	As our "cheap" dinner during our weekend in Vegas, the bill quickly skyrocketed when 8 out of 9 girls ordered the LARGE margaritas.  One each.  Each one equaled one large scorpion bowl.  AND each one cost $30!  Of course everyone got drunk fast, and we even had to request plastic cups to take the leftovers to go.The food was decent and like your typical Chevy's.  I did enjoy the large salsa bar and the guac was excellent.  I ordered the taco salad and no surprises there.  I did really appreciate that the server steered me away from the carnitas, as "it's not their signature item!'Come here for the margaritas, but don't forget to share!
4	I went for the Mariachi Brunch and what a deal.  For $15 you get all you can drink Margaritas and all the breakfast and mexican food you can think of.  The made to order french toast and omelettes were very good.  I also love that they had pozole, one of my favorites.  Oh and since I love mariachis it was just the perfect Sunday morning.  This place is a must do if you're staying in or around the Palms, by the way that casino is nice too.
2	Mexican is my favorite,  My husband and I cannot get enough!!   We had to try Garduno's before we went home.  What a waste of a trip!  This was definately one of the worst tasting Mexican meals I've had in a long time. We were STARVING when we sat down... Hubby ordered a sampler platter of dips... It had gauc, queso, bean dip and fire roasted salsa.  The gauc was actually really awesome, but the other three were not even close.  The bean dip and the queso were almost identical in flavor and color... did we get two bean dips??  I've never tasted queso dip like that... The fire roasted was too hot to eat... (which is weird cause we LOVE spicy food!) Hubby got a seafood chimichanga.  It was VERY fishy and inedible to me... He is my personal garbage disposal, he eats everything and anything... and he couldn't get past a few bites.  The flavor was overwhelming ... too much canned crab!  I can't remember the last time he didn't finish his meal at a restaurant - lol.I got a taco platter - they were okay... what can you expect from tacos?    We didn't take boxes, and threw away at least 75% of our food... On a good note, the service was wonderful, and the margaritas were pretty tastey.   We also sat outside beside the pool... So It was a good time (besides the horrible tasting food)Not a very good lunch for $75... we should have tried the margarita brunch instead... but I won't make the trip back for that...
2	To be quite honest and simple, Gardunos made me miss home.  Not because if reminded me of home in any way, but because at home I could get a real Mexican meal for half the cost and 3 times the service.  Bland is not a descriptive enough word to describe the food, and the server was nowhere to be found really until a bus woman would get her attention to get us more drinks.I gave this place 2 stars because the bartender had a heavy hand in pouring jack and cokes.
3	The service? Total crap.. the guy didn't refill our empty sodas once.The scene? Awesome.. LOVE the new patio overlooking the pool. It feels like vacation on my lunch break . yesssThe food: As yelp would say.. "A-OK". I got the fajita "buffet" if you will. Consisting of fajitas "cooked to order" (heated up for 20 seconds on a grill). Fajitas were decent, and you could get enchiladas as well. Only 9.99 for lunch.. not a terrible deal.
4	Love this place.Mexican food, with a New Mexican flair (red chile, and green chile all over the place on the menu). Service is always good, the salsa has a great kick to it, and there is a salsa bar if you don't like the one brought to your table. Not a bad sauce on it.This place has a fajita buffet for lunch, and it's good (not a big buffet guy myself, I like to eat off the menu). Never had a bad thing at this place.The vibe is great, being inside The Palms, right across from the entrance to the Playboy Club. Highly, highly recommend. Very good for a chain.
3	just get the coconut margarita! taco bell is better in respect to the food and service quality
2	I'd come here with a group of acquaintances from a convention across the street.  The majority of them had chosen Gardunos because they don't have many Mexican restaurants where they come from.  The restaurant is a typical Mexican establishment, although I question its authenticity as a Mexican establishment when they list two versions of Fettuccini Alfredo in their chef's specials.  My acquaintances ordered the tableside guacamole, which I've always found to be a rip-off in any restaurant, especially because it's not like a teppan show when they're mixing the ingredients up.  Sure enough, the guacamole mixer was rather uninspired, as were the ingredients she brought with her.I had the Stuffed Sopaipillas, mainly because I love sopaipillas.  You include sopaipillas in your menu, I will try them.  And they were... OK.  In the end, it might as well have been a burrito I'd had.My friends may have thought they were someplace serving pretty good Mexican food.  Considering they made some banal choices (cheese enchiladas, chicken burrito, etc.), there was nothing to complain about save for the service from an over-worked waitress.    In the end, I'd had comparable food at some of the fast-food Mexican places in my area.  Better than Taco Bell, but not worth the effort for a sit-down place.
4	I went to Garduno's as part of a large group for a birthday.  At first, I was skeptical because the Palm Casino is full of people to cool for school and I thought Garduno's may be an extension of that scene.  All style, no substance.I was wrong.I found the menu to be inspired, the service friendly and unobtrusive and the prices fairly reasonable.  Save for hole-in-the-wall Mexican food cooked by old mamacitas straight from the old country which are the best, this place held a candle to most Mexican restaurants I have ever been to.  I noticed some reviewers said it was "Chevy's-esque" but not so.  On the menu, I found a number of tasty and hard to find Mexican regional specials like Carne Adovado and Hatch Green Chile's.  In fact, I was so excited to see the Carne Adovado that I ordered it.  A fantastic choice it proved to be.  Simmered in a rich chile marinade and served with roasted potatoes and ranchero beans, I was in a little bit of heaven.  On second thought, I might have been in heaven because of the delicious giant fishbowl Margarita that had over 6 shots of Tequila in it.Also worthy of note, the chips and salsa provided are top notch with the salsa being a butt-kicker.  I think Im still sweating.  Prices were around 15 bucks an entree.  The giant Margarits clocked in at $26 bucks a pop, but when you consider you dont need another drink the rest of the night, it comes across as a decent deal.  Especially at the Palms.Garduno's is worth a visit.  An oasis in the mischegoss known as the Palms.
3	I agree that the service is definitely lacking. And not worth going out of your way to get to, but if you are staying at the Palms or plan to be over there than its a decent meal. Nothing is spectacular, but haven't had one bad meal yet. I do particularly enjoy their green chile clam chowder, and the salsa bar has some good options. Its also great for people watching once it gets late enough and the night clubs open.
3	Warning: their giant margaritas are giant.  And it's $28 a pop.  And no, they don't put the price on the menu.  So watch out.Also, we thought there was a typo on the menu when we looked at it.  A four-item combo cost more than the five.  So obviously we ordered the five-item, and paid less.  That's a nice bonus.The shredded beef quesadilla is yummy.  And the portion is huge.  So go wild.
3	Cavernous Mexican restaurant at the Palms.  Anytime I get west of the Mississippi and south of Oklahoma I start hoping for good Mexican food, but this was just alright.  Good salsa to go with the chips.  I was here as part of a large group and it was certainly good for that.
3	I have yet to find a stellar mexican place in Vegas but Gardunos (inside the Palms) is currently my favorite.
2	This is more about the price of liquor than the food, which is just average on a good day. My wife and I had dinner there this last weekend and ordered two margarita's. I asked about the sizes and made a cup with my hands and was told by the waiter that was a small. My wife asked for the large as did I. There were no prices on the menu for liquor and the waiter didn't offer up any and we didn't think to ask. When we got the bill, the prices were as follows....1 strawberry $26.95 and 1 regular margarita $24.95. My complaint is this, if you're not going to post prices then at least have the waiter or waitress inform you of the prices. What's to stop them at $26.95? Why not $30, $40 or even $50 a pop? After that "hand-in-my-wallet" experience, we won't be going back to Garduno's. Ridiculous prices for alcohol and average Mexican food. NOT RECOMMENDED.
2	Mediocre Mexican food. The only thing that I really enjoy here are the sopapias hot and fresh with a little bit of honey. Other than that the food is just your typical concoction of rice,beans,guacamole, tortilla (corn and flour) and some form of meat. This place is located inside the Palms Hotel and Casino which makes it trendy and jacks up the prices significantly.
3	Came here with a large party with proclivities towards shenanigans, and they were up to the challenge.  Great chips / guacamole.  You have the option for BIG margaritas, which inevitably led to some problems later on.  The server was cheerful but the entrees took forever.  We ended up taking everything to go and eating it up in the room, and they were incredibly accommodating.  The beef burrito tasted like the whole thing was thrown in a deep fryer (think egg roll).  The enchiladas were tasty.  Nothing was particularly outstanding.  I definitely wouldn't go out of the way for this place.
2	We chose Gardunos for dinner because it was in the Palms near our final destination for the evening, the prices seemed relatively reasonable, and it was one of the highest rated Mexican restaurants in Vegas.  The chips and salsa were good, usually an effective indicator of quality.  The margaritas were tasty, probably not worth $12 a pop but it's Vegas, baby.  My friends ordered the fajitas, steak and shrimp and they were excellent!  Great seasoning on the meat, we're going to try and replicate it at home!  I ordered the stuffed rellenos which sounded good but was pretty much a cheese slick with some chicken and machacas mixed in.  I few bites in I was stuffed and had a slight queasy feeling for about an hour afterward.  Not impressed at all!  My local taqueria kicks this places ass with it's hands tied behind it's back!
3	Garduno's started in Albuquerque and has had 3 locations in Las Vegas, the one at The Palms being the only decent one. They use the same basic recipes as the original ones in Nuevo Mexico and everything food wise is usuall pretty darned good. Their chips & salsa will always be my favorite and it's nice to get a green chili fix living here in Vegas. Ask for sopapillas at the end of your meal... free, puff pastry doughnut awesomeness covered with honey :)My reasoning for 3 stars instead of more is the service is really hard to predict and so hit & miss it's ridiculous. After eating here at least a dozen times I would highly recommend going there for lunch and avoiding the absolute BS worst service ever that the night staff provides. I've complained to several managers about food & service and they don't give a shit either so if service starts going down hill just get up & leave. If the service is good you know what to do.We will continue to go back cause my wife loves the huge chicken/mexican salad and I slurp down a ton of chips & salsa and tend to enjoy the outdoor patio by the pool with a cold beer. Give it a shot as occasionally the food & service both kick ass and that's what keeps us going back.
3	My BFF and I stopped by here for a quick bite. We had intended to go to the cafe next door but the chips and salsa sounded good so off to Garduno's we went.The chip and salsa were good, not excellent but good and a provided a good thermometer for the rest of dinner. I also liked the fact that they had a self serve salsa bar which included an avocado salsa! I love avocado salsa and this was a good one! Creamy with small avocado chunks and slightly spicy a great combo with the warm tortilla chips! Mm Mmm!Not being too hungry I just opted for the Rolled Tacos (or Taquitos as I normally call them). Pretty simple, you get 6 total tacos- 3 filled with chicken and cheese and 3 filled with shredded beef and cheese then the whole plate is topped with cheese and pico de gallo. Good stuff! The plate comes with sides of Chile con Queso (I didn't care for this one), Guacamole (ok, not great) and Sour Cream. I opted to dip my tacos in the avocado salsa instead :)Overall we had a good dining experience. The service was friendly and prompt and our food came out timely and hot. While I didn't love the place it was good and satisfied for a quick bite. I may return, but there are so many other GREAT restaurants in Vegas to check out instead!
5	CreamiestSweetestFrozenVelvetyMost DeliciousFROZEN COCONUT MARGARITAever!  Like, OMG.  I'm hooked!  I was licking the honey and toasted coconut off my glass.  Recipe anyone??  anyone?Disclaimer:  didn't try the food.  Thus, 5*****!
3	I had some yum mexican food here.  My bro is a local, and he really likes this place.  I don't really remember what I had ordered because it was a while ago.  But I remember that I was happy:)  A plus is that it's in the Palms Casino:)
1	After a few days in Vegas we had the urge to chow down on some Mexican food. We were pointed to Gardunos by some locals who claimed that this spot had excellent reviews.Bottom line the food was awful. We ordered the fajitas and some flautas. The beef in the fajitas tasted pre made and the tortillas were dry and hard. The flautas tasted like the kind you would be in the market and just shove in the microwave. Truth be told I would have rather had Taco Bell.I assumed that Vegas would have excellent Mexican because of its geography but I then again Las Vegas is a tourist town with a lot of hit or miss restaurants.If you decided to ignore this review just please keep some pepcid on hand if you eat here.
2	I've been here 5 times, because I always stay at The Pams....everytime it's just OK....they do have some rpetty hot salsa fresca, tho, which is a plus!THE ORDER:Chicken Chimichanga: 3 stars....all around deep-friend yumminess. You have the option of grilled or fried, but who the hell orders a grilled chimichanga? The Rice was a bit on the dry side...beans were good, tho.Carne Asada Burrito: 2 stars....tasted like overall junk...nothing amazing or  a standout....kinda sucked.Hard Chicken Tacos: 3 stars....crsipy sheel....flavorful meat...Chicken Salad: 2 stars...Overall bland....THE SERVICE: 2 starsjust slow and unattentive...the hostess really needs to communicate with the waitstaff is they move our table...we werent greeted by a server for a LONG time.....after we had our orders taken, things did get a little better...BASICALLY, if your SHITFACED drunk, this place is good....
4	Let's face it, there's a TON of places to eat in Vegas, and I'd be hard pressed to go somewhere twice unless it was good.  Ate here a few months ago, and haven't had the chance to go back yet, but damn, I would totally do so next time I'm in Vegas.For the type of Mexican restaurant[0] that they are, Gardunos does pretty well.  Fairly large selection of dishes, including both the usual favorites (enchiladas, tamales, tacos, etc.), some less common yet definitely Mexican dishes, and a handful of fusion/Southwestern stuff.  Everything we had was solid to actually pretty damn good, and this is coming from Arizona and California natives, respectively, who have since seen what bad Mexican tastes like after moving to the East Coast.  There's not much I can say about the food that hasn't already been said, save for the fact that the tortilla soup was one of the best ones I've ever had, and they do NOT screw around with the salsa.  Where they really stand out though, as you damn well should in Vegas, is the drinks.  The signature drinks, the margaritas, all of it, were amazing.  That especially includes the drink that, among other things, is served in a margarita glass rimmed with honey and roasted coconut.  I don't remember what was in it, and am a little embarrassed to admit that I loved a girl drink so much, but holy hell, I don't care. Give me a couple of those and a plate of the chile verde, and I do believe I'd be set for the night.Seriously, though, it's not quite worth the trip exclusively here from the Strip, but if you're already at the Palms or across the street at Rio, make your way here.  I didn't have a single bad thing, and would happily go back.~EEE~[0] I rank Mexican into: taqueria/roach coach, bare bones authentic with full menu, place you'd take your family to that may or may not be fully authentic, high end gourmet (yes, these exist).  There's also the not-really-Mexican category.  This place falls into the family sort of place.
3	The food is solid, but not great.  The atmosphere is good.  The traffic flow in the Palms is always fun to watch.  I walked away satisfied but that was it.  I wish there was more to say, but it was not a memorable experience.
3	I love Garduno's in New Mexico, but this location seems to have lost a little something in the process since it's not as good.The menu is very similar, but the execution of the dishes aren't as good.  I was recently at Garduno's and their carne adovada chimichanga should have been spectacular (as it usually is), but this time it was just good.  The beans and rice were a bit mediocre and the corn cake was pretty disgusting (grainy consistency and way too sweet).  The sopapillas were good as were the chips and salsa (there's a salsa bar too so you can have the chips with a salsa to your liking).If you are used to amazing New Mexican cuisine, this place may not be the best location to have it.  The food is pretty good, but not great.  I will say that their Sunday brunch is incredible - you get good food AND all-you-can-drink margaritas - pretty awesome!  The staff and service we received was friendly and very attentive.  I'd definitely go back, but more so for the Sunday brunch rather than the regular menu.
1	I'm noticing a lot of reviews that praise the drinks and frown on the food but still give the restaurant three stars. What is this, church? There is no forgiveness on Yelp!ServiceI have to start with the service which was abominable. My server spent most of my stay in the back polishing silverware, how do I know this? Well my table was facing a small window into the kitchen that allowed me see her location while she was not refilling my drink or attending to any of her tables. I was having trouble deciding between the monterey chicken and the chorizo chicken so I asked her to explain the differences and the her preference. Her answer, ::drum roll:: - Waitress: The chorizo chicken is spicier. Me: They are exactly the same except the chorizo chicken is spicierWaitress: Well they come with different thingsMe: Alright, how about this. Which one do you prefer?Waitress: The Monterey ChickenThe FoodThe Monterey Chicken sucked!! Unless you have a sodium deficiency do not touch this dish. The chicken itself  was good it was the sauce, the inedible beans, horrifically over salted enchilada and old corn cake that was the problem. Imagine having four different items on the plate and knowing that every bite you take with force you to cringe and put your fork down. This is Gardunos food!!!Dessert was next!! Taco anyone? Ever have a choco-taco at the grocery store? Phenomenal little desserts those are. When I saw a dessert taco covered in chocolate and filled with strawberry ice cream I said lets DO IT!!!!! Well I have to cut through the rock hard pastry taco shell with a teaspoon like some kind of inmate. It tasted like it had been in the freezer for weeks. The ice cream had an awful flavor, indescribable really. Poorly presented dollops of whipped cream all around completed the dish making this meal an utter failure.Whats funny about this is that my meal was free because I'm a gambler, I still won't come back even for a free meal. I rather pay a lot for a great meal or $15 at the cafe for a decent meal.
1	Yikes.  The one time I ate here, the food (chicken tacos) was absolutely flavorless except for the chips & salsa, which were passable.  Service was standard.  If you're stuck at the Palms and maybe too drunk to go anywhere else and have to have something vaguely Mexican-ish, sure, give it a shot.  It's not going to kill you, but don't come to this place expecting the same kind of miracles you were expecting when you were splitting 10s at the blackjack table across the floor.
1	Not worth a penny of your money.  The food is just awful.  It's equivalent to Chevy's.  So you think Chevy's is great food, you'll love this place.  If you are looking for decent Mexican food, however, steer clear.
1	me: remember we talked about where to go night one?  blue agave looked good gardunos looked like gross tex-mex chain Brette: yesme: so my boss wants blue agave tooand we meet downstairs to find itand we walk by gardunos Brette: okme: it looks grossand we end up going around the entire casino floorNO BLUE AGAVE!so we ask a Palms employeeBrette: ok... me: and he says, "See the neon tequila sign?""It's there"Oh...ok So this place is right next to Gardunos, and there's no signso we walk up and get seatedwe're excited for Blue AgaveBrette: okme: So we get our menus, and what does it say on the cover? Where are we?GARDUNOS!wtf Brette: oywhat'd you do? me: stayedapparently, blue agave is the special menu at Gardunosthe stuff you saw online (Palms website) Brette: that doesn't make sense?was it mediocre? me: terrible Brette: oy me: terribleI was wondering why there was only one yelp review of blue agavewhen I was researching in my room Brette: i hope there are 2 nowme: now I know.The Palms website deceives! Brette: dude, you gotta yelp that me: maybe I'll just copy and paste this chat in thereBrette: hahait's not worthy of an actual review me: But I'll get lots of "funny" and "cool"and maybe some "useful"Brette: haha
5	This is my fav place to eat at while in Vegas.  LOVE LOVE LOVE.  The salsa bar is awesome, and the fajitas are incredible (I get the shrimp).  The food is great here, the service is also perfect, and I love the atmosphere as well.  Rarely have waited for a table either.  Usually play poker at the hotel, then walk over for dinner.  Highly recommend.
1	This was a mistake if i have ever made one. We had tickets to the 10:00Pm  showing of Avatar in Imax 3D at the palms and we ended up getting there early. We both had not eaten and after walking the floor at palms we decided that Mexican food sounded much better than McDonald's or any of the joints in the food court. " Wrong Again" we walked up to the hostess who was very nice and greeted us quickly and was ready to seat us, now if you have been to the palms you know how the seating works in this place, right as you walk in to the casino from the parking garage this place is to your right so you may know that the seating is somewhat open and does not ever really seem all that full; this was the case Saturday night, there was plenty of open seats and she still walked us back into this dark dungeonesque area. No more high ceilings, no more light, no music... It was like being sat in the cougar cage..... No offence to any of you good looking cougars out there but we got seated right in the middle of this room and a matter of moments from us being seated they put together a table for a party of 24 right next to us... Now i know that sometimes we exaggerate what right next to us means but this was really really close, so close that the lady who put the table together for them and seated them then walked by me and said sorry... so now, not only are we sitting in a dungeon, the echo of all the purring coming from the table of jungle cats was ridiculous loud and it smelled like we just walked into a saphora after a shipment of fragrances had been broken. So to the point.. Our food was ordered,  I ordered a Taco salad with Jalapeno vinaigrette and the lady ordered the taco sampler. 25 minutes later our waitress came to the table with our food.. One word says it all. HORRID. My tortilla shell was glistening like a fighter after 12 rounds, covered in grease and the lettuce looked as if they pulled entire leaves of lettuce off and stacked them in this grease bowl. Then piled ground beef on then and melted a slice of Kraft cheese on top. I got down maybe a quarter of it and called it quits, I could not handle the smell, the sounds, the service, it was all bad..The wife enjoyed one of her tacos and the rest was not that great... Avatar saved the night for us. I honestly feel that the popcorn and cherry Pepsi beat out the Gardunos slop by far.. I do not recommend this place.
1	Quite possibly the worst Tex-Mex meal ever served.  I had dinner with my client and staff at this hotel in February 2010.  What a disaster.  It was so bad that everyone at the table commented on how bad the food was.  Save for the chips and salsa, complete disaster.
4	For drinks only: I had the coconut Margarita (pina colada on crack) with toasted coconut on the honeyed rim. The most delicious cocktail I've had in Vegas.
3	4 Stars for any day dining with coupon.The first time I ate here was on a Monday night and had the AMAZING House Roast and ordered the Grandisimo Margarita, as I already mentioned the HR is a MUST, trust me... and ironicaly the Margaritas SUCK ASS, have a Pacifico like my smart hubbie did. He also had the Carne Adobada which was also very very very good.Every year we buy the Las Vegas Advisor Coupon book, so we used the 50% here and only paid about $50 so LIKE THAT I thinki its a great deal, would not pay $100 for that.2 stars for Sunday Margarita BrunchAs mentiones I cannot believe the Margaritas are so bad here, its an insult... anyway, price has gone up to almost $20 pp and that is NOT a good deal for what you get, the "buffet" is oh so incredibly small and although the food is decent there are waaaaay better deals around town, and cheap champagne ranks way higher for me than cheap margaritas.
2	If I had to sum up Gardunos in a word it would be bland. Bland rice, bland guacamole, bland fish tacos, even bland Shrimp Diablo. How can Shrimp Diablo be bland? Not a hint of spice, that's how. Shrimp Diblando. Gardunos is designed for people from the mid-west and east coast who aren't used to eating Mexican food, let alone spicy Mexican food: basically, a sexed-up Taco Bell with a tiny tequila selection.
2	Gardunos seemed to be the casino coffee shop equivalent of a Mexican restaurant at the Palms.  This place was mediocre at best. The service was pretty slow, especially considering how unbusy the place was.  The waiter seemed completely disinterested in serving us.  To top it all off, my burrito was saltier than the dead sea!Yes, they have a salsa bar, so what?  So does Rubios and Baja Fresh.  The tortilla chips weren't good enough to get a second helping.  The only reason why I could tell they weren't from a bag was because they were too oily.If you go here, I'd stick to the bar for drinks and maybe a few appetizers.Tip: When you're eating the chips and salsa, you have to yell "gard-UNO!" when there is just one chip left.
3	My review may be a little biased because my girlfriend had some serious stomach issues the same night we ate there. I am not sure if it was the food or the enormous amounts of alcohol we had that made us feel sick the next morning. the food was actually fairly good. the Margaritas were definitely too sweet and the service was pretty good also.
2	We had lunch and drinks here when we first arrived in Vegas. The service was lack luster. The waitress obviously didn't want to be there and didn't want to serve anyone. The margs were terrible, pretty much it was mix with a splash of tequilla, if you drink more than one you WILL have a stomach ache. The salsa bar was pretty good, and we enjoyed getting to have all different types. I would skip eating here and save your money for something more delicious, maybe go to the food court instead.
1	A total disappointment, especially since we dined as a large group on our last night in Vegas and were hankering for Tex-Mex. Despite the fact that it was located in the Palms, Chili's would have offered better drinks and food.The restaurant itself is a bit dated, and dark. While the menu items descriptions sounded tantalizing, what was delivered to the plate was terrible. My low carb twist on chicken with chorizo sauce ended up being a dried-out chicken breast served with a blah diced zucchini and squash mix. My husband's carnitas were so unlike the traditional pulled pork presentation, he actually challenged the waitress that she had made a mistake - couldn't have been what he ordered! Alas, their take on carnitas was chunks of pork tenderloins smothered in onions and served with beans and cheese. The margaritas were hopelessly awful. A "small" house marg on the rocks arrived with way too much tequila and little lime juice/mix; after a return to the bar the second drink was a little better, but others in the group had much worse. One marg tasted like key lime pie; another was so watery and slushy it might has well have been a lime popsicle crushed in a glass.Go for a Corona and their chips and salsa. THAT was good, and that's about it.
2	The food here is decent and pretty reasonably priced given it's location inside the Palms, but the service is not great in my experience.  The hostess seemed more annoyed than welcoming.  Also, the past few time's I've been here, once plates hit the table, the waitress becomes scarce.  I had to walk into the dining room to get someone's attention so our water glasses could be refilled and so I could get another beer.  I like to sit outside on the patio, so that might explain it.  If so, that's no excuse.  If you don't want to service patio diners properly, don't seat people on the patio.
3	Not sure what everyone is whining about? Garduno's is a Mexican semi-chain restaurant in the Palms. Hello! It is pretty decent food for Mexican/American Las Vegas hotel cuisine. Nothing more. So I think to complain about it not being some fantastic cross-cultural culinary experience is kind of like complaining about the concession stands at Disneyland. What do you expect? All that to say the food, the service and the overall experience was pretty good for a casino Mexican restaurant. If you want the real deal, you need to go a bit further from the pretty lights around the Strip.
4	The food is reasonably priced. Ordered the chicken quesadilla is a hearty size, the chicken moist, oozing with cheese, and tasted great. the shrimp ceviche wasn't really ceviche, but was excellent none the less. it was a mix of shrimp, avocados, tossed in a salsa. For those of you who worked out everyday for your Vegas trip, Gardunos offers a lo-carb menu. Hit this place before the pool party (and NOT Ditch Fridays) and your appetites should be satisfied and not feel bloated.
2	The key here is there salsa bar, which like Baja Fresh, is all-you-can-serve-yourself. It's not bad overall, and the margaritas here are strong and tasty, according to my fellow drinkers. They don't have spots necessarily for food & watching the TVs over across at the 24/7, those are drinking only spots? Odd.The mixed appetizers dish is massive, and the four sauces (bean, spicy, guac, and salsa) dish is good, too, but it almost feels like a Chili's implanted into the Palms. Not necessarily the best of motivations to go here other than the drinks.A bit dark, but a place where you can grab chips, salsa, and drinks without too much trouble.
4	If you dont go for sunday brunch then its just so/so and pricey.  As far as a sunday brunch goes its a slam dunk.  Food is good, solid variety, fresh salsas, and the all you can drink margaritas actually have some alcohol and taste good.  Dollar for dollar one of the best values, and best mexican all you can eat/drink buffett by far.
1	Worst Tex-Mex ever!  Probably the worst meal I've had in Vegas! Horribly slow service.  At one point a guy at the table next to us went back to the kitchen to refill his drink himself.  The margaritas were disgusting. We ordered the premium with "fresh lime."  It came loaded with bad tequila and thick sour mix.  The food was terrible and overpriced.  Save your money and go somewhere else.  Pink Taco at Hard Rock is a much better choice if you want Mexican at a Casino.
4	I was so excited to find this place!  It's a Mexcian restaurant from New Mexico, so they have my favorite stacked green chile enchiladas!  This place was great but it loses a star for making me park in a parking garage and go to a casino (which means I smell like cigarette smoke) just to have a delicious dinner.  It does make for awesome people watching, though!
3	Salsa bar is great, and so aren't the chips. Food is better than average, and service is usually pretty good. People-watching there is fun.
2	I tried this place again Friday for lunch.  It's still meh.This time, we didn't sit on the patio.  The wait service was better, but it took much too long for our plates to hit the table.  Hello, it's lunch time on a Friday, and we didn't order any alcohol, that might be a clue that we've got things to do.  The food was just OK.  The closest comparison I can think of is to El Torrito.  That's not a compliment.    I've eaten here many times over the years, and my sense is it's gone down hill.  I'll probably skip this place the next time I'm in town.
3	Like the Yelp 3 star choice says: A-OK.The food was decent but nothing to write home about.  Tres leches wasn't that creamy and was " too Americanized" if you will.  The fresh-made-to-order fajitas weren't made to order.  They were prepared awaiting for pick up.The mariachi were nice and not pushy.  The waiters/bus boys were very friendly and courteous.
1	WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME!!! After saying I would never go back, my friend talked me into going back to use a comp I had. I ordered linguini with garlic and shrimp for $22 took two bites and let the waiter throw the rest away. It basically tasted like noodles with olive oil and had the most heinous looking shrimp all over it. Just for reference I could buy a great lunch entree at Spago for $22 or even eat at Del Taco for $5 both which would make me much happier than this. After recommending the dish the server had no qualms about tossing it without even asking why I was throwing away a full plate of food. For the time being, I will never go back!
3	Came here with a mommy friend for lunch while our kiddos had a playdate @ Kid Quest.We both had the fajita buffet. It was 10.50 each but I had my handy dandy 3 buck off coupon. Didnt order a drink since we each had one walking in. Next time I will have to try a margarita. They looked really good.Well you can have either chicken or steak  for your fajitas. I had steak and my friend had chicken. The steak was nice and tender and had plenty of peppers and onions.You can have beans/rice and all that jazz as well as a really nice salsa bar. Everything was fresh and tasty.Our server made sure to keep our waters filled.A nice lunch for 10 bucks for sure. I would come back again.
4	I love this place! My son and I go for the "Fajita express" buffet. Both the chicken and the steak are super tender and yummy! The rice is also good, as is the adobada. I always get some guac, cheese, and sour cream.The salsa bar is also great! I love how they have fresh limes : )The chips and salsa are soooooooo good! I always wanna ask if they sell them to take home : ) The wait staff are super nice and I love the inside! I paid 11$ for my son and I to eat : ) I'll def be back!
1	Service was terrible! Miguel had way to many tables. Our food wasn't hot! I had to bug the food runner for everything because I never saw my server! I informed the manager my service and food was terrible and my bill wasn't even discounted! Let's say my birthday dinner was terrible! The management was terrible!  My e- mail is whitj0426@aol.com if management would like to contact me as if now I will not be returning and will share how terrible my birthday dinner was!!!!
2	I thought for a long time about whether to give Gardunos a 3 star rating or a 2 star rating. I find their food tremendously and surprisingly good most of the time, but always find myself wondering if any of the employees actually know I'm there. Here is a brief summary of my experience last night that cemented my decision to give Gardunos a 2 star rating (dun dun dun):After arriving at 8:42 PM (I was a little rushed and looked at my phone) we found ourselves waiting for over 35 minutes for our existence to be acknowledged. If we were waiting to be sat on a Saturday night this wouldn't have been a dire offense, but we we ordering food to-go and were told that they do not take orders over the phone. The colleague with me pointed out about 3 minutes into our visit that not a single person walking by had even attempted to make eye contact with us, a big pet peeve of mine. While we waited for someone, anyone to notice that we were living people, we made a game of it. NOT A SINGLE PERSON FROM START TO FINISH CONNECTED EYES WITH US. Finally, at 9:17 pm (again, looking at my watch) someone noticed that we were loitering or something around the host stand and timidly breathed the question, "just two?"  exasperated, I said, "We just need to quickly order some food to go," even lowering myself a little in hopes that she would look up from her clipboard."The bar," she said, still looking at her clipboard and pointing toward the bar.At the bar we were instantly greeted by someones back as he just asked, "what'll it be?" and then walked away for ten minutes. All without eye contact.SKIPPING FORWARD.When we finally got our food back to the office we noticed that on top of our mound of poorly packaged, dripping food was a large bag of chips next to one 2 ounce container, half-full of guacamole. The complimentary container of salsa that we ate with out chips was larger and, more importantly, filled to the top. And that was free. We paid $4 for less than 2 ounces of mediocre guacamole. Not all was bad, though. The shrimp tacos were large and flavorful, the steak in the enchiladas was very tasty (but the sauce was unremarkable) and I really would eat the mango salsa from the salsa bar for dessert. It's remarkable. For things that any business in the service industry should have refined (eye contact, greeting people within 1 minute of them sitting even just to say hello, etc):1 starFor value, presentation and packaging:2 starsFor the food (flavor, portion size, etc)4 starsI hope this review is helpful
3	Nothing to write home about.  I always find the food to be too bland for my tastes, but enjoy the salsa bar.The staff is always friendly and service is good.
4	I was here again for their Margarita Brunch...I still have to say - how can this be legal?!?!?It's great - the buffet itself is actually pretty good...my favorite items were the Chimichangas and Green Chile Pork Stew.  The Huevos Rancheros were also very good.  There are plenty of other options as well as an Omelet Station.The margaritas here are very good and very strong...be careful!They have a very friendly staff as well.
3	If you want New Mexican food in Las Vegas, this is the only joint I know of.  Located in the palms, it's a pretty nice restaurant...service was a bit slow, but the portions were fair for the price and the food took care of my carne adobada craving.
4	Let me start by saying...I don't drink tequila.  I haven't in about 2 years.  However, my husband and I came to dinner and we each had a margarita.  I used to come here in college to have margaritas.  Remembering how awesome they are, I had to break my tequila sabbatical to have one!  And it was well worth it!  They are so delicious!  Love the salsa bar!  Love the food!  Everything I've ever tried has been wonderful.  Haven't had bad servers to date.  And the prices aren't outrageous either.  Best part...Sopapillas!  Ask your server for them with a bottle of honey....it's complimentary (and delicious)!  Will we be back?!  Heck yeah!
3	Is really 2 1/2 stars in my opinion...I went here for a late lunch approximately around 3pm. Not many people so it was pretty much quiet and we had the waiter all to ourselves. The food is ok, not good not bad. It will cure your fix for Mexican food but won't exactly wow you or secure a return visit. The enchiladas barely had any filling, I had one chicken and one cheese and they were very skimpy just mostly sauce. The rice and beans were moist but tasteless with zero flavor. I feel that I paid 15.99 for bland rice and beans seriously. The best thing that was fantastic but impossible to screw up was the table side guacamole.The liquor drinks are strong and good I have to say at least, however I think those are made and brought over from another bar on the property and not the actual restaurant? Not sure I can even give them the credit for the drinks.Food is just ok and for the higher prices for mediocre, I won't be back.
3	I wasn't able to skip this place as I intended based on my January visit.  I will say, however, things have improved.  The food was better, and the service was much better.  I still wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but it's not a bad way to go if find yourself at the Palms and want some decent Mexican food.
4	Yummy food and lots of. We had left overs for dayyyysss
3	I came here on a date one time with a girl I'd just met. I figured I would try this place because it seemed good, so if the date went south, at least the food would make my night better, right? End result: ok date, ok meal.It's not that the food is bad here, or that the portions are poor, or that the service was bad. Everything was just pretty good. It was good enough that I would come here again if I were hungry and already at the Palms, but it's not somewhere I would bring a special lady or someone else I might try to impress. It's just not impressive like that.I will say, however, that the service was pretty good. I never had an empty water glass, and I was offered another margarita/cerveza as soon as I'd had 80% of the current one. That's what makes this place three stars instead of two.
4	The first seat they gave us was far in the back and by the LOUDEST bunch of 20 year old something's. Just as we sat down, they placed chips and salsa on our table. I couldn't even hear my friend from across the table it was so loud near these people, so I requested a different spot. The waitress came back and transferred us in the front where it was a lot better. They brought us more chips and salsa lolThey have a lot to choice food on the menu, and the prices were reasonable. The food didn't take long, and it was a big size meal. It was very good, but I couldn't even finish half of the plate it was so much. DOGGIE BAG lol.
3	I was still in a San Diego state of mind when I came back from my trip so naturally I wanted some Fish Tacos and Guacamole with chips. The Guacamole was nice and chunky . I hate the watery stuff especially if it's just green with nothing in it. The serving size was big enough for three people . It also helps that there is free refills on the chips. My husband and I ended up taking the rest home. My fish taco packed a soft crunch. It tasted like it was breaded in corn meal. I prefer my fish tacos to have a crunch that is equivalent to eating Captain Crunch or a Cheeto. I want it to be so loud that I can't hear anyone talk. The fish taco was okay it didn't taste too fishy and the platter was filling it came with Spanish rice. The rice wasn't as salty as other places so I had a couple of spoons of that too!
2	Sunday evening and I decided to have dinner and found Gardunos.  The place was decent enough and had a pretty good atmosphere.  Didn't have to wait long to be seated at the time.  The waiters were tentative at a 4 on a scale from 1-5.  The drinks were pretty good as well, although one of them "Mexican Seguas" had about as much sugar as glass of Hawaiian punch.Now let's talk about the food.  On a scale of 1-5 the food overall gets a 1.5.  I had a chile relleno, a shredded beef burrito, and something they call green chili clam chowder.  The chile relleno was rubbery and tough, the shredded beef enchilada was pretty dry and the green chile clam chowder had too much going on... carrots, potato, celery.  I think there were maybe 2-3 small bits of clams something.Sad to say I don't see myself revisiting this place again.
1	This restaurant has horrible service, blah food, with high prices. I ordered the shredded beef tacos which was 13.95, they charged me .99 for flour tortillas and 1.50 for shredded beef which was already on menu? Was going to complain to mgmnt, but was in a super hurry to see a show so I just paid these extra charges.. They ruined my nite out .. Stay away!!
5	Seafood roast. Delicious!  Can't find this dish anywhere else!  Haven't eaten anything else here.
4	Surprised at the 3 star rating. Came with my family and we all enjoyed our lunch. Everyone opted for the Fajitas Bar Lunch Special for $10.99 11 am - 2 pm (I think). It was pretty much an all-you-can-eat buffet with fajitas made to order, hard ground beef tacos, enchiladas and soups like pasodo (sp?). All tasted good to me. I would definately come back.
5	Gardunos is AWESOME! Free chips and salsa to start. Played it safe and ordered a quesadilla, probably one of the best I have ever had. Large enough portions to fill up my boyfriend which I previously though was impossible. All for under $30 for 2 people. Great atmosphere, fast service, and awesome food!
5	I liked it.  Especially this location being inside Palms.  I enjoyed my favorite, the Chimichanga stuffed with beef.Good stuff, good value.  Service maybe 3 Stars but the good strong margaritas make up for it.Will return again!
4	Came here for some sangria and 99 cent (!!!) tacos! Great meal on the cheap in Vegas. The service was friendly and fast as well.
5	The grilled chimichanga here is my favorite mex dish ever. You don't have all the calories from the deep fried version and it taste better. Who would have thunk!? Love the sopapillas with honey for a sweet end to the meal.
2	The only reason we go back is they have my favorite chips & salsa. The service is horrible and the food is just mediocre now. If you want good salsa and good margaritas, although pricey, Garduno's is a good spot but do not expect to get decent service.
4	The Margarita Brunch on Sunday is definitely a great value.  $16.99 gets you delicious buffet offerings, omelet station, beautiful desserts and house margaritas free flowing.  This was my birthday choice and nothing, I mean nothing, says happy birthday like margaritas for breakfast!
2	My date and I were in the mood for Mexican and it just so happen that I got a $25 food comp for the place earlier that day. She had never been and I hadn't been for probably 6 years. We were seated after a short wait since we had walked up with no reservation. The hostess was fairly friendly when she seated us. We browsed the menu and after a short wait, Ferris, the middle aged balding server came over. We wanted to start off with  Margaritas, I got the El Presedente or whatever the top of the line one was and she got the Silver coin. We were brought out waters as well.  My margarita was pretty good, fair pours, well balanced. She enjoyed hers as well. For dinner she orders the soup and Taquitos and I order the veggie Fajitas. The chips and salsa were standard but good. I popped over to the salsa bar to test out different ones with the chips. All were fair to fairly good.  As we waited for our food, I noticed my dates water glass (mixing cup) was cracked. Something that happens from time to time in bars and restaurants from the dishwashers. Those pressure cracks that you cant really feel but can see internal to the glass. When the meals were brought out I mentioned it to Ferris and he took the water and went off.  The demeanor of Ferris the entire dinner was not at all rude but you could tell he just didn't want to be at work or had some things going on. He was missing for 90% of the dinner besides taking the orders but never checking back. He never did bring a new water glass out to her but it was par for course for Ferris.My date enjoyed the soup and Her Toquitos were just OK. My veggie Fajitas came out steaming hot as is expected. The flavors and veggie assortment were nice. I would give them a solid 3.5 stars. The salsa  was nothing special but played the part.  It filled up up. Ferris brought the check, never asked if we wanted dessert or even a another2  Margaritas. I was too full for dessert but I am always happy to drink.  We sat and talked for about 10 minutes and Ferris never came over to get the check or ask if we needed change. I am never one to just leave a check as I like to make sure the server gets it so no shady dirtbags swipe the money inside. Ferris was no where to be found so I put the cop and the rest in cash in the check and left it but told the hostess it was there. I still tipped 20% because I am in the industry and I over tip almost everywhere but Ferris didn't deserve it. I had the comp but because of the mostly average food, above average drinks and way below average service I can only give Gardunos 2 stars. I will not be returning even if I do get another comp.I find it ridiculous that especially in this economy that service wouldn't be top notch as restaurants are not very busy at all for the most part. This is when service should be at its best. The server can't control the food but he can control his attitude and I will not be back to any place that service isn't at least average. So many better options for Mexican food in the city and even in the area with much better service. Ricardos is right down the street and better in both areas as well as price.
4	big portions...solid americanized mexican food....basically a differ version of El Torito....convenient location as i stayed in the palms....the downfall is that the gaucamole wasnt very impressive...i liked their bean dip more...and thats odd... how do they not make great smashed up avacado dip????i had this dish that was like a burrito and nacho combined...the bottom was toritila chips and topped with carnitas and cheese with their house sauce...
1	I dined here with my family on a Saturday evening. We felt like having Mexican food and margaritas. Goes hand in hand if you ask me. The first thing I noticed was a confusing menu. I wanted fish tacos, so I searched the menu under tacos, and seafood. Neither section offered fish tacos. So I ask our server why they didn't offer fish tacos at a Mexican restaurant of this caliber. So she directs my attention to a separate menu called "chef's specials". So I order my fish tacos and house margarita on the rocks. My margarita makes it out 10 minutes later, and tastes like sugar water. So I asked my server if they put any alcohol in my margarita, because if I remember correctly, she had checked my I.D. She then explains to me that it is a premixed margarita, then offers me a $5 shot of tequila. So you're charging me 10 bucks for a premixed, practically virgin margarita, and then you're going to make me buy an extra shot just to have some kind of alcohol! Umm..you can have it back. Then my tacos come out. I explain to the others at my table that my tacos had no flavor. All I could taste was the sauce, bell peppers, and a tortilla (which was flour. Who serves fish tacos on flour tortillas??) Then I open one of my tacos to examine, and find 2 little chicken nuggets sized pieces of fish. Really? Awful food. Awful drinks. We will never be back.
4	It was tough to find a place serving decent vegetarian food at 9 pm near the Strip.  The Palms is not actually on the Strip, but it was close enough.  The "salsa de mesa" (the salsa served with the chips) was quite tasty. We also enjoyed the green salsa and mango pico de gallo from the salsa bar.We built a combo with a chile relleno, cheese enchilada, and bean and cheese burrito.  The plate was saturated with cheese, as is common at tex-mex restaurants. The green chile sauce served on the dish was pretty mild, but tasty enough.  The chile relleno was surprisingly tasty, and we liked the enchilada tortilla.  The remainder of the dish was unremarkable.We reminded the server about the sopapillas that were to come with our combo.  They were edible, but it would've been just as well if we'd forgotten about them.  They were essentially bready pillows served with a squeeze bottle of honey.We'd normally give a place like this 3 stars, but we were grateful to find anything veggie to eat on the Strip.
2	Poor Gardunos. This place used to be really yummy but (I think because they will be closing soon) the cooking staff must not care because the food has really slipped.One of my girlfriends used to spend a lot of time at the Palms, so Gardunos was a perennial favorite. Plus as an added bonus, all meals here, including the most recent one, were comped for us. Until recently the food was great so I never had any complaints. I came here a few days ago for a quick lunch with the girls. There were maybe a grand total of 5 patrons in the restaurant (not including us). We opted to sit outside on the patio which overlooks the pool. We ordered our usual to share:-guacamole-shrimp cocktail-salad-combo of enchilada and a tacoThe first offering of guacamole brought to our table was brown. BROWN. I have made home-made guacamole hundreds of times and I know that if you let it sit out for a day or so (even wrapped in the fridge with a pit and lime juice) it starts to turn color. This first offering of guacamole must have been at least two days old. Hardly "fresh, made to order."The waiter saw our faces and immediately took it back. The second offering was made fresh, so he said, and it in fact was the correct color at least (green). However, the taste of it was off and we didn't eat more than a bite each.That's how the meal started and everything went down hill from there. The beans were dried up, almost crunchy, the salad was wilted and the majority of the meal was over-salted.Our waiter was very apologetic and I'm giving Gardunos two stars simply because the staff/service was very good.
1	This place has the worst service i ever experianced. Food is good. They need a manager to run this place and train staff
4	Garduno's is home to one of the best Sunday brunch values in Las Vegas, and one of my favorite dishes in this city.First the brunch. Every Sunday they serve an all-you-can-eat margarita brunch buffet for about $18. The margaritas are about what you'd expect, given the "bottomless" part - cheap and sugary - which is not to say they skimp on the tequila. You can get brunch-crocked very easily here.The brunch includes made-to-order fajitas and a small assortment of dishes like enchiladas, ribs, chilaquiles, tamales, and more - it's not a full cross-section of the menu but it's more than enough to satisfy. The dessert selection is surprisingly robust too. Be sure to grab some flan.Now, on to the dish that's an obsession of mine: the chile rojo. Rich, spicy red Hatch chile and melted cheese smother a huge bowl of flank steak. Add in diced tomatoes, red onions, cilantro and tortilla strips, scoop it all up in soft, warm, fresh flour tortillas and go to town. This is usually good for two meals for me.The chips and dips served here are quality too. The bean dip is phenomenal (ProTip: you won't want to eat refried beans after this) and the avocado, jalapeno, arbol, mango and mesa salsas are all worth a taste. At the end of the meal, ask your server for a basket of sopapillas, tear off an end, squeeze some honey inside and drift into heaven.Some of the more traditional dishes that I've eaten here have been unremarkable - the tacos, chiles rellenos and fajitas are all just OK.Garduno's isn't a restaurant that gets everything right, but it is one that does a few things very, very well.
3	Eh. Not the best restaurant in the Palms, but they do have table side guacamole, which is definitely a plus.  And you can't go wrong with dollar margaritas... OR can you? I guess that is the point.  Stop by for a drink and some guac.  Then head to the craps tables!!!
1	This place has the worst service i ever experianced. Food is good. They need a manager to run this place and train staff,
3	Came here with friends from outta town since they wanted to try this gardunos and compare it with the others they've tried. Food was really good got the Los Colores lunch platter and I have to say the chicken is amazing. But the service was very slow. Had to ask for water refills a few times and other things that should have been routine. Other then that it was a pleasant outting.
1	What a disappointment this place is!   We experienced horribly apathetically lackluster service.  It took a long time for the waiter just to acknowledge us,  then, he took our drink order.   Took him about 15 minutes to come back with two drinks:  a weak, flat tasting rum and coke and an incorrectly poured, not very cold Sam Adams (it was half head.. of course by the time the waiter came back I'd drank almost all of it!).   Overall, from the time that we were seated until we received our food it was 50 minutes.  And, the dining room was at about 1/4 capacity.   The employees were milling about.. not serving the patrons.   Our food was average.  Honestly, not a giant leap above Roberto's.  I think the service is better at Roberto's.  Then, our check arrived.  It was incorrect.  They had added on an erroneous $2.50.  It took the bumbling staff members about 15 minutes to figure out that their cash register was (allegedly) malfunctioning.   Ugh.  Skip this place.  You are almost better off going to Del Taco!  Seriously.
2	My latest visit will be my last visitWent for lunch on a Friday with 3 coworkersAll of us felt sick after eating... I personally only managed to eat 2 of the 6 rolled tacos I got. The only things all four of us had were the complimentary salsa, and margaritas. No Bueno
5	I went to this place inside the Palms Casion!! I ate there allot!!The Spinach Salad with Grilled Chicken is Amazing!!Prices are great!!Service is excellent!!they give you the tastiest chips to snack on while waiting!!!hands down the best mexican restaurant in town that I have been too!!
2	Noticed a lot of people on Yelp praising the food but lamenting poor service at Gardunos. I find myself thinking the opposite.The wife and I came here today for a late lunch. She ordered the cheese enchiladas and I ordered the nachos with carne asada. Both of our meals arrived with that orange hue of low quality cheddar cheese. My food tasted OK, probably the sort of thing that would have made me very happy a few years ago, but somewhere along the line my standards for Mexican fare have been raised and this felt a little like the sort of "Mexican" you might find in a diner in the heart of Utah. No really distinct flavours, quick to congeal, and the sort of thing I'd be more likely to expect served up in a polystyrene, clamshell box in a food court rather than at a restaurant.Gardunos has a salsa bar with a decent bean dip and some OK salsas -- a good thing since the stuff you get on the table by default tastes like it's straight from an economy sized plastic Pace bottle -- but the salsa bar at Guadalajara at Sunset Station thrashes this one senseless. The other issue I have with the salsa bar is it's a little dirty and when we were there there were only four of the little salsa bowls for us to use and those were splattered with salsa drippings from the bar. On top of this, they are so small that you have to snap your chips in half if you want to dip.Throughout our meal our drinks were refilled promptly and everyone was friendly and helpful. The food here isn't inedible, it's just very, very average Mexican fare and there's absolutely no reason to ever go here unless the food is free or you're trapped at The Palms.
3	Ok the 2 best things about this place 1) whole wheat tortillas for you healthy eaters and 2) their salsa bar that also includes MANGO salsa. Makes me happy :)It was good enough, again I'm a Mexican food aficionado, so you really have to pull something amazing for me to be wow'ed.Chicken tacos was pretty good, meat was tender and juicy, as well as, all white.So you can eat healthy here!!!
5	located inside the Palms Hotel Casino, this is a gem of a mexican restaurant. Fun and festive without being rowdy. Everything is fresh, the staff is very nice. Plus they have a well stocked salsa bar and a wide array of cocktails. The prices were reasonable. If you find yourself off the strip and want a quick bite to eat or a great cocktail, I say stop in and check it out. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	New Mexico cusine is one of my favorites and I was excited to see Gardunos come out from Albuquerque.  Early on it was pretty good but lately it has fallen off a cliff.  It's nothing more than a pre-fab chain restaurant anymore.  One positive note:  The Gardunos in the Palms is a hellofa lot cleaner than the one in the old Fiesta.  I won't even walk in there anymore.
1	Stay Away!  Bad Service, Slow, poor attitude through out the staff!  If you are a team leader or manager here, PAY ATTENTION!  If you work for the Palms, Run don't walk to the GM of this place and shake them awake!  They Need HELP!Food, so, so bad.  All three of our entree's were barely half eaten.  The food is mediocre at best. And it took for......ev.....er. The Salsa bar, yuck....clean it more than once a day.I wish I had asked for my money back, but my thought is if I had asked to see a manager, I would still be sitting there, waiting for them to show up. My only guess as to why anyone would give a good rating...they were drunk from the pool and didn't know any better.
1	Being from Texas and being used to amazing Mexican food did not help this place. First their salsa was essentially canned rotell, chunky and flavorless. The queso was made from the giant cans of cheese you can find at Walmart. I had chicken tacos and the meat was so dry it took me awhile to chew each bite. Rice and beans were bland and tasted worst than canned. The waiter told us this place was closing. I feel bad cause he was very nice and a good waiter but based on the quality of food and skills of the kitchen staff, I understAnd why they are closingAvoid this place at all costs
1	permanently closed!!!
