2	My eggspectations were not high, but from the spaced-out waiter to the overcooked and tasteless scrambled eggs, everything about my lunch was below average. Even Cora is much better than that.
1	Man has this place gone downhill over the years. It use to be a sure fire breakfast hit. A bonanza of tastiness piled high on your plate. SOMETHING HAS CHANHGED. . . On a couple of recent visits the service has been poor, bordering on rude, the food terrible (the fruits that they use to decorate the plate with look like they were from last week) and over priced. There are tones of great breakfast places in Montreal and this is no longer one of them. Frankly I'd rather skip a meal than eat at Eggspectations again. Any hole in the wall diner will serve you a vastly superior breakfast for a small fraction of the price.
3	Food was good and there were a ton of options on the menu, but the service left something to be desired. However, they do service breakfast all day and I couldn't find anywhere else in the city that does that. Pancakes at 3pm=perfection.
3	This is a place I patronize on a somewhat regular basis. The portions are generous and their eggs benedict are good creations. Needless to say it is a brunch spot for me.As Gordon Ramsay put it, a good place will do one kind of dish brilliantly, while a bad one will do the opposite.Well, if I were to hold Eggspectation to standard for their eggs alone, I would be entirely satisfied with the place. And I heard positive sounds from people at my table when they tucked into their own breakfast goodnesses. I suppose they were trying to say "It's good".Yet the ubiquitous basket containing all one's eggs drops to the floor with a crack when it comes to service. Attitude hasn't been a problem I have encountered at Eggspectation. Other reviewers' experiences are probably a symptom of  Place-des-Arts-itis: just because you're in the cultural heart of Montreal and in the middle of Jazz-fest doesn't mean you can drop your standards. Neighboring Baton Rouge suffers on occasion from the same ailment. It is not uncommon for the main courses to arrive at different times, ergo some at the table are left waiting 5 or 10 minutes while everyone else is devouring their meals in earnest. At times non-coffee drink orders are forgotten altogether, such as juices or plain old water.This has happened too often for it to be just a blip. Ergo Eggspectation doesn't seem to hold itself to a high standard. The decor's cheerfulness and quirky (and quite unintelligible) menu warrant an extremely high benchmark for both food and service. Else, it's more facade than character, more smoke than roast.I like Eggspectation's benedicts and will be back. If service becomes consistently great, I'll gladly give one of my favorite brunch spots more stars.
2	We went to Eggspectation after a recommendation from the concierge at the W Montreal.  Our requirement was simple... breakfast within walking distance.  Over the food was fine and really not the main reason for my low rating.  While it wasn't spectacular, portions were good and it was tasty... just not great.Now let's talk about service... simply put... SLOW!  There seemed to be no sense of urgency despite a line of people waiting for seats.  Our waiter was pleasant but terrified and absentminded.  Honestly I'm not sure it was an issue with his ability or the fact that the place seemed severely understaffed for a Sunday morning.  The whole place seemed like a perfect candidate for one of those takeover shows that works to turn a bad business around with a few easy and logical steps.
2	I had eaten here last year and thought it was pretty good.  This time I was not so pleased.  The only reason why I gave it more than one star is because my companions were somewhat satisfied with their meals.I ordered a fresh fruit plate, grapefruit juice and a coffee.  They first brought the more complicated dishes my cohorts had ordered and about five minutes later they brought my fruit.  I think maybe the reason why they took their sweet time is because they were busy getting a really long hair wrapped around several pieces of fruit.  It was nasty.  The coffee cup also had something suspicious sticking to the inside.  Yuck.  Before noticing the hair I asked the waitress, again, if she could bring me a grapefruit juice as she seemed to have completely forgotten about it.  She said "of course" , as if it was the first time she had heard of it and left.  She came back a few minutes later, with no juice, to ask how our meals were.  I told her about the hair and she just said "oh sorry" and took the plate away.  I asked her to not bring anything back as I didn't want her just to pull the hair out and give me the same plate.  After everyone finished eating and she brought the check was when she decided was a good time to bring the the juice which I did not touch since I was grossed out.  Before she took our payment she said "sorry again" and that was that for apologies.  I'm definitely not going back.
5	Really good. Better than anything we have in the Boston area.  Nice folks run the place. Service was fast.  I must have been to a different place than many of these other negative reviews.  I am going back.
5	This is hands down the best breakfast chain of restaurants that I have ever been to in my entire life.  The food here is unbelievable and the wait staff was super accommodating.  First off, I love puns so I was intrigued by the name alone.  My friends and I were on vacation in Montreal and we needed to find a breakfast place.  We were walking around and we saw eggspectations and decided to go in there.  IT WAS THE BEST DECISION EVER.  I got eggs with toast and bacon / sausage plus fruit and home fries.  It wasn't a complicated meal, but oh my goodness the flavors were outstanding!  These sunnyside eggs were just so rich and thick and gooey and delicious.  The bacon was crispy but chewy, but not super greasy.  The sausage was juicy, but again, not greasy somehow.  No idea what was going on there.  The home fries were amazingly tasty with a little bit of salt and a savory taste BUT AGAIN THEY WEREN'T DRIPPING IN OIL.  I actually asked for more toast to wipe up all the eggs.  I'm someone who usually blinks and then my food is gone, but it actually took me an appreciable amount of time to eat this meal.When I went back to Montreal again, I found myself in Eggspectations and I suspect that wherever one crops up, I will be in there.  OH MAN IT WAS SO SO GOOD.  GO THERE!  GO NOW!  HOP A BUS OR A TRAIN OR DRIVE... IT'S WORTH IT!
3	Tasty, reasonable breakfast. Homemade hollandaise on the bennies (yum!). Mediocre service, but overall, a good breakfast option in an area of town where there aren't many.
2	No reason to waste a meal here if you're visiting Montreal for a few days. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't all that good. The place was filled with tourists (myself included) and the service was understandably indifferent. Felt like a wasted 2 hours.
4	Decent breakfast spot.Good pricesA good amount of selections for breakfast, sandwiches, and dinner items. They offer a good variety of breakfast and eggs.Fresh squeezed OJ was fresh.The bread ain't bad. They give you a good selection of jams.Not too oily on the food. Good service.Good easy to get to location in downtown. I would eat here for bunch any day.
4	A group of my friends wen there twice over this past weekend that's how much we enjoyed this place. I was a big fan of the decor and layout of the place. It had a very chill and modern feel to it. They have both french and english menus which was a bit confusing but we dealt with it. The first day I had a fruit smoothie which was great especially after a long night. I had the California scramble over a muffin and the presentation was great and flavor was decent. The next day I had fresh squeeze orange juice and the eggspectation omelet. It was a winner in my books very flavorful and refreshing. I would recommend this place to a couple or a group of friends. The only reason I didn't give the place 5 stars was because we waited a bit for food and the bathroom was not very clean.
3	A block from our hotel and it was always packed so we figure we should check it out.  It was good but then it's pretty hard to mess up eggs?  If you sit outside, service may be a bit slow as they get really busy.  The fresh fruit juices are delicious.  I liked the Oy Vegg (eggs came with potato latkes and sour cream) but the Eggspectation was decent too.
5	My girlfriends and I ate here from a recommendation from one of our co-workers and what a great one it was. We decided to sleep in during our first full day in Montreal and when we were finally out and about, we made our way over to Eggspectation. There wasn't much of a wait, but it was definitely packed. There are many hotels around here which probably makes it a popular spot to eat. They seated us upstairs by the window where we got lots of light and were able to people watch. Our waiter was super friendly.  I ordered their Eggstravaganza ($12) which came with two eggs (any style) and two slices of French toast, choice of Sausage, Ham or Bacon, served with grilled Potatoes and chef's Fruit garnish. I also ordered a glass of OJ which was fresh squeezed. Their Sausage was slightly sweet which I loved and it made a great complement to my scrambled eggs. Their French Toast was fluffy and delicious!. And their Fruit was fresh and sweet! Loved my meal. My girlfriends and my tummy were very much happy. We were ready to explore Montreal after that!
4	I am not huge on breakfast foods, I don't like bacon (gasp) nor sausage or other kinds of typical breakfast meats. I'm not huge on carbing it up so early on mounds of pancakes, and I despise eggs. I know what you are thinking "so Sara, if you despise eggs, why would you dine at a restaurant called EGGspectation?"The answer is simple, I don't live round these here parts and the nice girl at the desk of my hotel recommended the place. Coming in on a Saturday morning around 11, my friend and I were seated right away and a waitress greeted us promptly; the 2 story restaurant buzzing and the tables full of happy diners. Skipping past the huge list of available egg selections, I settled on [calorie packed] french toast.. hey I'm on vacation right? 3 slices served with maple syrup and fresh fruit, yumm yumm. My friend ordered the southwest omelet which was served with a basket of toast, potatoes and fresh fruit.   The service here was probably the best I received during my entire trip in Montreal. It was maybe 10 minutes from the time we ordered to the time food was set in front of us and our waitress came back a few times for coffee refills and to ask if we needed anything. One out of one Saras agree that Eggspectaions is eggcelent.
2	C'est grand.C'est un peu bruyant.C'est pas mal.Mais c'est surtout beaucoup moins bien que L'Avenue !
4	If you want diner food and lots of it, go here. Unlike other diners this place is easy on the salt and the cooks are fast. The espresso is very good and the selection is large. The price is very reasonable. If the weather is good, get on the patio.
4	Always packed on the weekend, but usually worth the wait.  Great pancakes for those like me who aren't egg fanatics.  The Construction Pancake comes with great bacon, bland sausage and really good sliced potatoes.  Servers are usually frazzled, but good.
5	Fantastic food, service and surroundings and lived up to eggspectations Eggcellent value for money.
4	My bachelor party crew of 11 stormed into this establishment on a hungover Saturday morning.  I'm pretty sure we horrified the mostly french-canadien staff with our group of 10 asians and 1 white guy. Anyways, I got a basic breakfast (sunny up eggs, toasts, sausage) that had a few twists to it.  For one, I've never eaten baked beans for breakfast, but i surprisingly enjoyed them.  The home fries came in a form of grilled potato disks, which were ok.  Fresh fruit was neatly sliced and on the side.  In other words, a breakfast that can't be screwed up was not screwed up.  As a side note, the waiter spilled baked beans on one of the guys.  It was more funny than annoying.
4	I came to Montreal for business and found myself at this place every morning.  The food is so fresh and such a variety of things to order. This place is great and I have to mention that the coffee is also a plus.  Definitely will be back....
4	Wandering Montreal and looking for a beer, we found Eggspectation. Pitchers of Rickards went down well and with a nice Caesar salad. Their menu is focused mostly on eggs (duh) but they offer salads and burgers too.Outside seating has a great view of the square where the Jazz Festival sets up, so if you want to enjoy that, go ahead. We sat inside with a view of the television so that we could watch the Euro Cup final and drink beer.Very pleasant waitress, a chicken Caesar salad and a delicious pitcher of Richard's White beer later, we were off. Good time, I would recommend.
4	On vacation with the family in Montreal and we've eaten at other Eggspectation locations and enjoyed it.  This one didn't disappoint - we woke up late after getting in late the night before and missed breakfast.  Strolling in around 11 am, we were happy to see the hearty, big portions of brunch-friendly foods, even on a weekday.The Crepes are very good - I had the ham, mushroom, and asparagus and my daughter had the grilled chicken, spinach, & mushroom - both were excellent and accompanied by a really nice roasted red pepper sauce (on the side).  All the other dishes at the table were great.Service was also very friendly and attentive, despite there being many large groups that arrived about the same time we did.  Unfortunately the coffee was absolutely HORRIBLE.  I ordered a double Americano (usually made with two shots of espresso, then some hot water.   It tasted like it was made from leftover grounds that had already been brewed three or four times.  There was no richness or deep coffee flavor one would expect from an espresso-based drink - only the faint hint of stale coffee grounds and cigarette butts diluted with hot water.  Blecch!  The only other downside was that the loud music playing was a mix of Justin Bieber and Kesha, which is incredibly annoying for those of us over the age of 10...We'll definitely be back for the hearty brunch fare, but I'll be stopping at a cafe for my coffee before coming in (even the Starbucks across the street would be better!).
5	So we were looking for somewhere to get an all-out, nothing too fancy breakfast whilst in Montreal, and Yelp led us here!It was pretty busy, but we were seated quickly (we were there about 11.30am). The restaurant was kind of small and actually part of a Hotel which we didn't know about. They had an upstairs mezzanine seating area as well which was nice. Our waiter was really polite and helpful. After we ordered some coffee and OJ (freshly squeezed and delicious), we noticed that their was a football game on we wanted to watch, so we asked him if we could eat at the bar - not a problem! Bartender was super nice and talkative. We had a good chat about the football and places to see in Montreal. Next came breakfast! My boyfriend had the Belgium waffles with strawberries for around $11 which were huge! They were covered in fresh strawberries with a generous helping of maple syrup. I went for the American breakfast with Scrambled eggs and Whole grain toast. The home-fries were good, with onions as well. Bacon crisp, sausage sweet, no complaints for $8! The only disappointing factor was the coffee, I had a few cups because I needed some fuel, but it really wasn't the nicest. But hey, the food ticked every box for what we wanted so we were very happy!
4	I got the Classic Eggs Benedict with an added a side of Avocado and I have to say, it was really good. No, it wasn't the best Bene I've had, but it was solid and for the price I would say it was better than I expected. The seating was fast-food joint style with a better surrounding ambiance. Everything was clean with an open kitchen. The waitress wasn't all that cheery, but that's fine with me. If I was walking by this place looking for breakfast I would definitely go again.
4	My husband and I were headed somewhere else for lunch when we passed by a sign that showed a pic if a BBQ burger. We quickly changed our plans and went in to the restaurant. This was our first time eating at Eggspectation and we were not disappointed. I had the BBQ burger without the onion rings which the waitress brought me on the side just in case I changed my mind. Hubby loves onion rings so that worked out well. He had the bad boy burger. We both had their fries he with gravy, me with their mayo sauce. The food was wonderful and hubby's gravy was very different tasting, had a strong hint if cinnamon. It turned me off but he loved it. I loved the mayo sauce. Our waitress was very nice. I would absolutely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a solid place to eat. My only regret is we didn't find it sooner in our trip so that we could try out some of their breakfast selections.
4	I have previously reviewed Eggspectation and found its kitchen creations excellent. They appear to have improved their service significantly since I last shared my opinions. As promised, therefore, four stars well-deserved. The menu has been revamped and the quirkiness and puns are mostly gone, but the eggs surely aren't. I think I will miss the great variety of dishes one could select from, however they seem to focus on a core set of competences these days and churn out a very pleasant palette of flavors.With the sad departure of a couple of my brunch haunts, my trekking over a kilometre to Eggspectation shows it's good, filling and pleasant.
4	A restaurant all about eggs led me to think that it would only be breakfast-y foods... but don't be fooled by the name, they have plenty of other things to offer! This location was a short walk from my hotel and my sister and I decided to have lunch here before our long drive to Quebec. It was a rather large restaurant but it was filled nearly to capacity when we got there around noon... luckily we were seated right away and I was immediately overwhelmed with the menu. Not because it was Bible thick, but rather, the variety of their offerings ranging from a huge breakfast menu to crepes and sandwiches really put me in a tailspin as to what I should have.I ended up with a California chicken sandwich w/ their house Lyonaise potatoes. My sister ordered a burger and sweet potato fries. Everything was DE-LISH!! Ingredients tasted fresh and of high quality. I really wish they had Eggspectations here in the U.S.!!! I would be there every weekend for brunch...
4	My boyfriend had the French toast, I had the 'crepes' which turned out to pancakes but they were so good I didn't even care. The toast and pancakes were both super fluffy with fresh flavorful fruit on top. And it wouldn't be complete without maple syrup. Coffee and syrup refills were promptly provided.Friendly service in English and French. Extensive menu with options to suit all palates. We are going back for breakfast tomorrow before we leave Montreal.Highly recommend as a breakfast/lunch spot!
4	Starting our last day in Montreal, we wanted something quick but delicious so we could start our adventuring early.  We've come across several Eggspectations during our trip and they were always bustling with crowds by the hostess so we figure we'll discover what all the excitement was about.We were only a party of two, and because of that we were seated within five minutes of waiting in line.  I felt bad for the larger parties because who knows how long they've been waiting.  Who cares when I'm seated and have such an enticing menu in front of me.  I chose to go with the chicken benedict and my girlfriend had the "Eggsuberant."  The chicken was tender and soft with a perfect hint of charred flavor and the poached eggs were done expertly.  It was heavenly when I pop them and the yolk mixed with the smooth, well seasoned hollandaise sauce.  And let me tell you, my go to for a breakfast side is usually home fries but more breakfast places should consider adopting Lyonnaise-style potatoes.The decor is trendy with a modern, relaxed feel perfect for a Sunday morning even with the brunch bustle.  The staff was friendly but sometimes couldn't be found for long stretches.  It's understandable with the rush of patrons and it wouldn't have been an issue if we weren't looking to start our day early.Having a name like Eggspectation, this place had better be able to deliver and deliver it does.  Possibly one of the reasons why I envy Canada over the United States, but this franchise truly raises the bar for breakfast.  IHOP, take notes because once there stood a Dunkin Donuts where now stands a Tim Horton is all I'm saying.
3	Creative menu, good food; fresh squeezed orange juice.  Would come here again if I'm ever in Montreal.
3	I got a cafe au latte and it tasted very good. I got sick afterward. I can't say it is the coffee but the timing is so suspicious. I got the special french toast and it was loaded with sugar. It was delicious but, as I have said, I got sick.
4	The best omelette ( or close) you had in your lifePlus $7 drinks, top destination for breakfast or brunch
4	This was a delicious little breakfast spot that opens early. I ate here around 6:30am before my big immigration interview at the consulate at 8am. It was an excellent meal and the relaxing atmosphere really calmed my nerves. I was so nervous I ate pretty quickly and don't remember too much. I had this thing with a bagel with melted swiss cheese and an egg in the middle on one side, and another cheese on the other half of the bagel. All I know is it was good.
3	Good value, though basic and not up to the hype.
4	Great food.  Good service but not that fast due to demand. Clean but not a charming atmosphere due to it being a chain.  It is like Montreal's version of the love child of America's Macaroni Grill and IHOP.  I would go again.
5	We went there with a couple of friends for Brunch. My experience was simply amazing, the food was fabulous and staff were friendly and fast (in English and French).
4	Amazing Benedict's, opt for the potatoes instead of fries.
1	Very loud, overpriced mediocre food, poor ventilation and not a place for kids. Surrounded by hung over college kids dropping F bombs every 9 words.  Including the girls. Disappointing.
1	Pretty terrible, even with a hangover. I wouldn't have eaten here unless I was desperate for eggs...and that's exactly what happened.  It's a tourist trap restaurant in a busy location with no reason to bring local patrons back.  Small eggs, overly onioned potatoes, mushy, cheap sausages, the service was rushed... All sorts of things to keep this place off my breakfast/brunch list.I'm quite certain I will never ever return.
3	This is a good place to go if you're a timid American and just need something that looks like home.  I don't mean that in a negative way, the food was delicious, and the servings were generous.  It's just more of an American style restaurant.  I had eggs, 'brown bread' (toast), and bacon.  Nuff said.
4	First breakfast in Montreal. The Eggs Benedict are a must. The red Sangria is amazing! I would definitely come back for seconds!
5	This place was recommended to me by someone who was there before and I was happy I followed this recommendation. I am surprised by one star review people gave this place, because my experience was excellent. The restaurant is clean and waiters are friendly and helpful. The restaurant was full of couples, families with kids, and tourists. We were there for breakfast and brunch two days in a row. They serve a freshly squeezed orange juice, which something I do not get to taste often in NYC restaurants. Greek yogurt with fruits and honey was exquisite: fresh thick yogurt topped with strawberries, bananas, blueberries, and raspberries. Yum! Also, French toast was absolutely delicious, so if it does not come with your dish, please order it from a la cart menu. I also had Eggsuberant (eggs, potatoes, pancakes with Maple syrup): delish! My friend had Montreal style omelette. Pretty much everything on the menu looked good and based on my experience, I am guessing it tastes good as well. Next time I am visiting Montreal, I am there!
4	Let me just say that I Eggspected this place to be amazing and it was, THANK GOODNESS! Great cure for a hangover, too (not that I had one, but my friends did). ;)So many options, I couldn't decide until I carefully read through all the details. The lucky dish that got to mechanically digest in between my teeth and tongue was the SMOKED SALMON BENNY with hollandaise sauce, which was-- dare I say--- Eggsceptionally delectable to top this dish off! I've got to say that I judged my choice based on the picture provided in the menu! That picture realllllly got me!The smoked Salmon*** was melt-in-your-mouth scrumdiddlyumptiousness (& now I am just using words that do not exist in the English dictionary but you get my drift!). It comes with a side of EXTREMELY fresh fruit salad, meaning nothing was mushy or sweating juices, and it included the fruits you would like! (Banana, blackberries, strawberries, blueberries, kiwi, honeydew and cantaloupe)...that's right! FORGET THE PINEAPPLE THAT MAKES EVERYTHING SOUR! You don't need sour fruit salad! I also ordered the PERFECTLY PINK shake from the Juice Bar section of the menu. That includes raspberry, strawberry & Greek yogurt , splash of cranberry juice and drizzle of honey. It was thick and perfect with my eggs.I'm coming back for more Montreal and more Eggs!!***There is indeed a difference between Canadian/Montreal Salmon and New York Salmon. It's crazy what happens when you cross a border!! Everything seems fresher.
5	My wife and I were in Montreal for the first time for a long weekend Sept 12.  This restaurant was next to our hotel (Hyatt) so we really didn't know what to expect.  She ordered eggs Benedict and I got All American breakfast with a yogurt and fruit smoothy.  We absolutely loved our food!  Service was fine as well.  We ended up going back a couple days later and the food was great again.
5	I recently visited Montreal last week (Oct7-11) Stayed at the Hyatt Regency Montreal which is next to Eggspectation. I ate there at least once a day! Great food and service! Even the manager waits tables and is very frendly. Best French toast ever!
3	I'm not gonna lie - he only reason my friend and I stopped in here was because we saw that they had free Wi-Fi! We were visiting the area on vacation, and we wanted to catch up on our correspondences. Luckily, it was a pretty decent place! I chowed down on a good burger (nothing special), but it was fairly priced. The service was the slight downfall for me. She wasn't the greatest, our waitress, but she was sweet. I will tell you that if you need to go to the bathroom, be ready for a bit of a hike! It's down a flight or two of stairs and in a sketchy hallway, but the bathroom is really nice!If you're looking cuisine that's a bit more exciting, I suggest going elsewhere. If it's a pretty basic meal that you want and you're open to options, this is the place for you!
4	Stopped here for breakfast with my dad whilst in Montreal for the weekend. There was a bit of a line forming, but as we were only two people, there was a spot for us immediately upon arrival. We were there on a Sunday at 9:30 am so it was obviously going to be busy.I have nothing bad to say about the service or the food. For the amount of guests in the restaurant, I thought the service was very speedy, and our server was welcoming. I ordered Belgian waffles with strawberries and was able to get Nutella instead of butter. My dad ordered the Montreal plate (or something to that extent) and said it was a lot to eat (and he eats a lot usually).
4	Besides witty egg puns, Eggspectations has a wide range of breakfast options; eggs benedict, omlettes, sugar shack and other non-egg based dishes like burgers and pasta. I wouldn't say this is a unique place for brunch but it is reasonably priced and has a nice atmosphere. The dish I ordered when I was last here was the Eggs Florentine, which was quite excellent. Menu can be seen here:http://www.eggspectation.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/Menu_MTL_EN.pdf
1	When the food came to the table and It was freezing cold, and we were served by someone who clearly didn't want to be there. The Louisiana style fries were cold and dry, and the whole meal was just awful.
4	Food was great! Friendly service . Reasonable price. So much to choose from I had to try hard not to look at the other choices.
5	Great breakfast place with plenty of options and friendly service. The decor is quite cute as well! I have the omlette with avocado and cheese ( perfect size ) and their coffee is amazing! What else is there to say, it is a great breakfast place in the city!
2	Very disappointed with the food, day old potatoes, old fruit....stay away.  Our server was nice (Maud).
4	Wonderful. Good smoothies and incredible breakfast. Had sunny side up with pancakes and fruit. Comes with herbed potatoes and it's a 9 out of a possible 10 if you're in the mood for really good eggs/breakfast. Service very adequate. Definitely worth going back for.
5	Great lively place to have an enormous brunch. As a New Yorker there's nothing I love more than a good brunch on a Saturday morning. I was seated quickly and the waitress came by immediately to say hi, though they were really busy. The coffee came quickly, as did the food. The California Benny was great. A huge mound of potatoes with spinach, smoked salmon and asparagus on top of whole wheat toast with a classic hollandaise sauce. Plus there was a little fresh fruit on the side.  I couldn't finish it all, but I prefer that to not getting enough from a brunch place! It's not a fancy place, but the amount of choice and friendly, fun atmosphere are excellent and very reasonably priced.
5	Amazing food, service and management. Best place downtown to grab a pint and a bite. Will come back for sure!
5	Amazing place to eat , has a variety of options , the service is awesome , i seriously love this place its one of my favorites !! Its nice and cozy and during summer you have the option to eat outside or inside
4	The restaurant had a nice quaint neighborhood feel. The fruit was extremely fresh, the eggs benedict were good. The pancakes were delicious. The only thing I would change was the service. Our waiter was not attentive at all, we had to keep asking others who work there for assistance. Still worth a visit though.
4	We (my sister and I) went on a Wednesday around noon and there was no wait as we got seated immediately. The restaurant wasn't necessarily packed, but they had a decent amount of people on a Wednesday, expected from such a busy location. Their menu has a very wide selection that will most certainly satisfy just about anyone who walks in. They refill your coffee, you pay for a cup (essentially) they fill you up for free (I'm making it a point to specify that because I ran into places that would charge you for each cup of coffee).My sister had the Belgian waffle and I had the Lobster Omelette which was absolutely delicious. My sister had her waffles with an extra side of Lyonnaise potatoes (tasted them and wasn't too impressed) so I decided to replace mine with a side of Fresh Fries which were much better. Our waitress (Tara) was fantastic, super attentive and very patient, she fully deserved that 20% tip.The only reason why I marked it a 4/5 is only because they pride themselves on their Lyonnaise potatoes, but I wasn't a big fan of them.
5	Drinks at this location are fantastic!  The Bleu Nuit is a very refreshing blueberry, lemonade and vodka drink.  The Sangrias are also fantastic.For breakfast try one of the many Eggs Benedict.  I don't think you can go wrong.  For a late lunch appetizer, the Brie and Walnut Crostini is a perfect choice!Great service and amazing food!
2	The best perk about this spot was that we could sit outside and listen to music at the Montreal Jazz Festival. The menu is vast, which is nice. However, the execution of the food is just average. I ordered a savory crepe with chicken. It took them THREE times to bring the right dish, and it wasn't even a special order. The waitress seemed unconcerned and just blamed the kitchen. When it did arrive, it was basically a premade  crepe without the filling really cooked. They sell cocktails, which weren't bad (my husband tried a Bellini), but honestly not much more than an IHOP in the US.
3	Came here for breakfast with an old friend and the girlfriend. I have had mixed experience at Eggspectations before but this one seemed really nice. I had the cabin de sucre , which was pancakes, eggs, baked beans and fruit. Everything was delicious and seemed quite fresh. My girlfriend was impressed with the whole variety of eggs Benedict, and said it was quite delicious.
4	Had a great time for brunch! Sat up at the bar to watch the golf tournament but still had excellent service! The fresh squeezed grapefruit and orange juice were perfect for some delicious mimosas. Had the southwest sunrise omelet which was delicious. Definitely a good go-to spot for breakfast/brunch.
4	Absolutely fabulous. Wonderful brunch food - waffles with fruit incredible, eggs benedict to die for, perfectly cooked eggs, delicious cafe au lait. You must visit one of their locations when in Montreal.
3	Mixed reviews from the table...we had 4 different preparation with eggs...an order of pancakes and smores french toast....the smores french toast was drenched in choc and marshmellows...it was as chocheavenly as it could get....it can be classified as my all time...unique breakfast....very well made plate as well...The pancakes were burnt at the bottom...one of the entrees with salmon with underdone sunny side up eggs and hollandaise was a little out of proportion...too much of hollandaise sauce and eggs were a little tooooooo runny.....makin it a very very messy plate...the other omlettes were fine...the plates were very well setup...and all the orders had a side of fresh fruits....(not canned or not drenched in sugar water)....just clean side of fresh fruits (melons, pineapple, berries)overall a good one...the smores french toast will be remembered...
4	Great place for brunch or those times when you are craving breakfast anytime of day. They have quite an expansive menu with a variety of breakfast items that is sure to provide you with something to meet your fancy. Had brunch their a week ago on a Sunday at noon. The place was pretty packed and their was a wait for seating, but we were able to grab a spot at the small bar area to watch the British Open and enjoy brunch on the lone TV. In addition to the small bar area, the restaurant has seating on both a lower level and upper level, with additional adequate seating outdoors seasonally. The bartender was very friendly and took the time to talk to us and let us know what some of her personal favorite dishes were, amongst the hustle and bustle of fulfilling endless orders of bloody caesars, mimosas, fresh squeezed OJ & grapefruit juice, and the variety of fresh smoothies they make. In the time we were there, we probably saw about 25 smoothies being made.The food was delicious when it finally came. I had an all American breakfast that had everything I could ask for to satisfy my breakfast crave. I also got a fruit cup as a side and it was probably the best fruit cup I have ever seen with a copious amount of strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, bananas, melons, etc. I will certainly be back to eat here on return work trips to Montreal. I would give this place 4.5 stars if I could as I don't really have any complaints, but the only reason I haven't given this 5 stars is I feel their are some more unique atmospheres in the Old Port that can add to the brunch experience, especially in the summer on their outdoor terraces.
4	Nice place for breakfast... 10 minute walk from our hotel.  Had the All American.  2 eggs, ham, bacon, sausage, potatoes and toast. $10 Canadian.  Double espresso was excellent.  My brother had the Montreal BLT and said it was good, brother in law had bagel with lox, he enjoyed it as well... would come back in a heartbeat.
3	We had breakfast outdoors on a nice breezy summer morning.  The breakfast was fine; we had their eggshilaration dish, which were eggs cooked together with grilled chicken.  The chicken was overcooked, but their sliced potatoes was quite good and refreshing.  This was the few places in the area in which we were also able to find fresh squeezed orange juice, which my wife was craving.
3	Came here for breakfast after a crazy night of partying. Beer to help my headache? Yes please.The omelettes here are dope and they all come with potatoes and fresh fruit. All the vegetables in my veggie omelette tasted fresh too.The service here is lacking though. A group of 6 had to wait about 20 minutes to be seated. If we weren't so tired and hungover we would've left right away. The service once seated was slow as well. Sure they were busy but you would think they would get it together for huge crowds on a weekend in such a busy strip.The definite plus is that this place serves poutine for breakfast. Not the best in Montreal as you can go to La Banquise but still good to see.
4	I stopped in twice for breakfast while vacationing in Montreal, Canada and I must say that the meal was awesome! clean establishment and right next to a starbucks- my all time favorite place for a good cup of coffee. They offer an outside terrace dining that allows you to people watch on a good day while the weather permits while i was there. A must check out for breakfast if you're in the area for business or pleasure.
5	Great breakfast place. Food tastes great, lots of variety. Friendly service and ambiance.Wish they had one back home.
3	Did a take out from here for my hubby to eat. I got Lobster Omelet. Pretty decent. But a bit pricy.....but people are so sweet.
5	Want to start your day right? Highly recommend trying this place out. Cute interior and friendly waiters, basically an all round good atmosphere for breakfast. Food was delicious; they're menu is basically endless. Eggs, Pancakes, French Toast, Fruit, Bagels, Smoothies... The list goes on and on. Definitely a must if you're in Montreal.
5	Great variety and food, prompt and friendly service. I had the Benedict Florentine and  can't stop thinking about how amazing it was.
4	Eggcellent!  If you're staying in the adjacent Hyatt, skip the hotel restaurant and come here.  Top-notch casual.
4	Had breakfast here on Saturday after being recommended by our hotel. We were nicely surprised by the atmosphere and food. We had a breakfast bagel and the American breakfast. The food and service was great. The server was pleasant and very friendly. Would happily recommend this place. Location is also great and plenty of staff.
