3	While I am ecstatic that we have another restaurant out here in the sticks of San Tan Valley, I wasn't wowed with Moreno's first impression. I've heard that the owners of Morenos are somehow related to the owners of Gecko Grill (Mesa & QC), and share each others' menus. This was confirmed on Moreno's menu, listing "cravings" recipes from Gecko.We placed a to-go order and was quoted a 15-20 min wait. I showed up about 30 minutes later, and to their credit, the place was hoppin', even for a Sunday night. I waited almost 20 minutes while the frantic cashier found everyone's orders and rang them up. One girl insisted on folding napkins around silverware right at the front counter, instead of in the back or at a table, and that made everything super crowded. Some of the people in my family loved their food, but mine for one was subpar. I ordered the chicken chimichanga, because I LOVE the spicy cream cheese sauce. The sauce I got was completely contrived, contained no cream cheese, and tasted like waxy sliced pepperjack. Bleck!The tortillas were tough, but the rice was TO DIE FOR (Light, fluffy, perfectly seasoned). When I showed my wife the receipt, she calculated that we were overcharged by about $10, which the manager on duty said would be credited to our next order. While we will definitely go back (due in part to lack of options), it'll be hard to forget the first time...
2	Given the lack of dining options in Queen Creek, I had to try this newly opened restaurant. Now I can cross that task off my list. The restaurant is a little small and customers can seat themselves. My friend ordered the #10 combo: a tamale (chicken) and enchilada (cheese). I ordered #2 taco (chicken) and burrito (chicken). One thing to note - the first basket of chips & salsa (and beans) is free, but subsequent baskets are charged. So don't eat up unless you want to pay extra. That wasn't a worry for us because while the salsa wasn't bad, neither of us liked the beans. Kind of a weird flavor. That was repeated when we received our meals, which came with rice and beans. I wasn't a fan of the beans then either.My plate was very good - the street taco was packed. Squeeze a bit of the lime on it and it was very good. The burrito also was packed and although I don't recall spraying it with lime, the chicken had a hint of lime there as well. As Kevin R. pointed out, the rice was excellent. My friend's first comments were that the enchilada was very cheese - which is a good characteristic of a cheese enchilada. That was where the highlight of her plate ended. The tamale? Not so much...in fact it was kind of eeck. We both thought it tasted of freezer burn, either way she ate a total of 1/3 of one of the two that came with the order. The staff was very friendly. One waitress took our drink order, then two others stopped by to see if someone had taken our drink order. I don't know if that speaks of the attentiveness of the staff, or the perceived slowness of our waitress. Later when our server asked if we wanted a refill, one of the other ladies stopped by to ask the same question. If I go back, I would probably just go with an order of the street tacos. Those were excellent and everything else was just sort of okay. Most likely I won't come back, but if I did that's what I'd get.
3	Moreno's wasn't the best, but like one of the other people said, it's nice to have another restaurant out here. I had the Moreno burrito and just like my rating for the place, it was just okay. I'd go back, but I'd just try something different.
2	The food here is so-so. We have tried the place a few times, and the Sonoran hot dog and fries are delish. My husband loves menudo and was looking forward to trying theirs, but the first time he ordered a (huge) bowl it was so salty he couldn't eat it. He has tried it since and it was not so salty but only fair compared to other places. We felt put off when we were charged recently for a second tiny dish of salsa and an extra 75 cents for onions in an enchilada. Their prices are not especially low, so why are they nickeling and diming their customers? Especially for salsa and onions! We'll stick to Jim's Burros.
3	Been here twice. One time a solid 4 stars, and today was 2 ... at best, so I'm gonna average that out to 3.  Stay away from the Carne Asada as it was pretty dry & bland. I had the Green chili burrito before & it was great.  Rice & Beans are always good. Service is ok.My word of advice is research the reviews and stick with what people here are saying is good .. because it really can be good, but the bad can be oh so bad......
4	Finally, great mexican food in Queen Creek. Small lil place that if you blink you could miss it, but I'm sure glad we didn't. I've only been there once but my daughter has twice and she loved it too. We even saw owners from another restaurant eating there on their day off, and their restaurant's food in awesome. Says alot when a chef from another restaurants eats at your place.
1	I've been here twice, the first time I thought the food was bad. Went back a 2nd time because I was out there again and there is really no where else to go. Figured, "food can't be as bad as I remember." It was, maybe worse the 2nd time. Service wasn't good either. I love Mexican food, but his just is not good.
1	Absolutely the worst Mexican cuisine I've ever tried to consume. If I could get away with taking stars away I would.As everyone here has stated, the place was packed. Very small for the volume of folks trying to get a seat. Which, as you read, I have no idea why.Chips and salsa- the red salsa was really a tomato sauce with a hint of garlic, the side of beans were very bland and the tomatillo salsa was extremely sweet. We asked for something with a bit more kick and the waitress brought out their 'taco salsa'. This was the same salsa with chili powder and crushed red peppers added.I ordered the carne asada- chimichanga- enchilada style with beans. Again the beans were bland, the carne asada was greasy, grizzly and had a funky taste to it. It came with a side of pico de gallo. I don't think I've ever had jalapeno free pico before. The guacamole was nothing more than pureed advacados.The ladies had their meal, chicken fundito. Another hideous, bland plate. While a very generous serving of chicken, there was no seasoning whatsoever.All in all, this place is great for anyone with ulcers, as there is no heat in their cooking at all. Kind of reminds me of New York City's idea of hot.Not a chance in hell that I will ever recommend this place to anyone wanting Mexican food. You're better off going to Taco Bell.
4	I was unsure about this place but decided to give it a try. Price was not bad, service was good, but holy crap were they busy. Took us thirty plus minutes to get seated, the place is tiny. I had the combo fajitas, no complaints. More than enough food, not stingy on the tortillas, and the taste was fantastic. I will give this a few more tries before I make a final review, as the majority of the reviewers have had inconsistent results here.
4	Great food, Good service and very reasonable prices! They also send out some great coupons in the mailers
4	I really like this place and have been there about 5 times now. I love the fact that you get free chips with 2 salsas & bean dip when you arrive. I typically order vegetarian dishes so I can't comment on the meat dishes. I have thoroughly enjoyed their cheese enchiladas and their rice & beans get 10 stars!
5	This place rocks my socks!! I love the shrimp mango quesadilla  and the special chimichanga with the cheese sauce!! Staff is friendly, place is clean, always busy but not a long wait. I have brought all my family and friends and everyone loves it! Great food!
4	We love their food! Service is ok but the food is amazing!!
4	The shrimp and mango quesadilla was delicious! Large enough for 2 if you aren't ravenous, especially considering the free chips with salsas and bean dip. The service was fast and friendly and the happy hour drink prices are great!
4	Hubby gave up on the menudo, but everything else is very good. The wait staff is friendly and service is prompt. The chili relleno is great, and I love the fish tacos. It's a pretty busy place and a couple of times there were no tables available.
5	I used to live in queen creek, and loved this place. Now I live in Chandler and drive out about 25 minutes and still think its totally worth the trip. I love their food and everyone is always so polite and nice. They have a ton of parking (unlike the smaller location in Chandler who's food is equally delicious.
4	I actually had lunch here today with my son and I thoroughly enjoyed my veggie burro with beans & rice. My son had the mini (chicken) chimi's and he cleared his plate too. This is my third visit here and I've always enjoyed my food (huge portions) and our bill was only $18.00 including the tip. You can't beat that! It's definitely working it's way up to being one of my favorite Mexican food haunts. Our servers were fast, friendly and so far I've never experienced a problem here. It won't get five stars from me because the restaurant is small and if you don't get there before the rush you may not get a table.
4	I was pleased with my visit yesterday evening for dinner. The waitress was very nice. Started with a strawberry margarita which was very delicious. Chips were yummy but could've used hotter salsa and had read we are charged for the 2nd order..could've used more but wasn't gonna pay. Bean dip needed salt.  Husband was sold on the street tacos but needed to ask for limes and hot sauce..or should I say sauce as it had no hot to it. I would have been fine with a bottle of store brand hot sauce. I had the chimi which was great..and my daughter had the fried tacos..which looked good, she said they were great.  I would love to see a pick my own combination menu but was very happy to see our bill. Very very reasonable for sit down dinner. Fried icecream was small but good.
2	There was nothing particularly great about this Mexican restaurant. Nothing particularly bad either. Meh all the way.
1	Food was very basic, The spinach sauce should have gone on the burro not in it. My Asada burro had more filler beans than meat (Filibertos has more meat and cheaper too). They wanted to charge for more salsa and chips .99 for a small basket of chips and .99 for 1/4 cup of salsa. I ask the manager to name one place around here in the east valley that charges for extra chips and salsa and she said she couldn't, We told her it was our 3rd time there and was never charged before and that's when she said they fired the people who have done that.  They have lost my business for good and manager really don't care and she showed it. One last item, my enchilada style burro flower shell soaked up the sauce on it and had very little around it, they wanted more money to put sauces on our burros.
4	My family has been going to Moreno's since we moved to San Tan Valley about 1 1/2 years ago.  I have to say that I have always been pleased with both the service and the food.  First, the service:  The staff there has always been very friendly and efficient.  The place is always busy, but the wait staff are always ready to refill drinks or get you something.  I have always been greeted by the manager, who can be seen frequently hugging her customers.   Next the food:  I highly recommend the cheese enchiladas  and the Baja fish tacos.  My husband loves their bean chimis with jalapeno cream cheese, and their green chili plate.  There is probably something for everyone here.  I tend to like my food a little spicy, and their food is pretty mild...but it can be spiced up.   There is nothing fancy about this place   it is small...but that gives is a cozy feeling...It is also always clean.  We have never been overcharged, or had to pay extra for salsa.  Maybe we're just lucky....Overall this place makes for a great neighbor restaurant.
4	I really enjoyed this little Mexican food joint! Even though it is quit small, they are really great at trying to accommodate all of their guest. We were seated right away and were given a very friendly welcome. The chips and salsa are complimentary as soon as you sit down, that alone filled me up for the salsa and cheese dip is amazing! The menu is a decent size, and the portions of food for the price are excellent. My friend and I both enjoyed our meal and had enough to each take home for left over's. I was very impressed by the taste, quality of the restaurant and the friendliness of the staff. I will hopefully make it back out there soon to enjoy another delicious meal. Kudos to the owner for being able to make a little hole in the wall Mexican food restaurant become so popular! Great job Morenos!
5	Stopped by to get a burro thinking that it was just another fili's. But I am so glad that I went in there! the food was great and the staff was very accommodating and friendly. Have been back 10 times since, even with a screaming baby all they wanted to do was help. Thanks!!!
3	Been there a few times... Each time we've gone, the food has been great!!!
3	I went to Moreno's with my family around 3:00, hoping to avoid the busy rush.  The food was great.  No complaints at all.  However, the wait staff were horrible.  Some of the staff must have gotten off.  The took up two of the four booths to sit and talk.  They were distracting the other staff that were working, they were loud, and were playing videos of a screaming infant on their phones that were so loud they were distracting to the customers.  Until the end when one of the new in coming staff waited on us, we were pretty much ignored.  Then the last waitress was very attentive getting us refills on our drinks before we even requested more and very friendly.  If the owners would not allow their staff to hang out in the dining area after the get off, would likely earn them two more stars from this customer and her family.
3	I would not say this is the very best mexican food I have had. I do like it. I really enjoy their fish tacos and the salsa is tasty.My only gripe is they do not refill chips and salsa without a charge. One bowl. That's it.We had 5 people and it was a very small bowl. The problem is this is not the norm. So, it usually sends me to the places I can enjoy refills without an issue.I have had good service here and other days bad.Service is sometimes key. Make people fell welcomed and they come back everytime.
3	Little bummed... ordered the special chimi because my friend got it last time. Was too rich. Had to go to the counter to get my own drink after they only brought my friends drink. Normally its good there
2	Went for breakfast, this place came highly recommended for good traditional mexican food. Well i was not impressed with this place. Wait staff was friendly but u can tell the hash browns are from frozen and the beans are authentic canned! Burritos were almost $7 and not the greatest quality tortillas. Salsa well u can tell it came from a bottle or can. This is american-mexican food at best but they do try. If you love this place then you've never had real mexican food to begin with.
4	We're new to the area...to the state actually...and were looking for a good Mexican restaurant.  After looking through the yelp reviews, we tried a few and this was by far the best...so far.  The service was great, staff was very attentive.  The food was good and the prices were as well.  We'll definitely go back.
4	Just stumbled in and am very happy with the food. Great flavor and huge portions
3	First time at Moreno's....Since I'm a guacamole addict that is the first thing I tried...it was alright but could have been more chunky (I added beans, salsa, pico on my chip) then it was great... I had the carne asada street tacos and they were worth every bite....my boyfriend has the Chicken Fajitas and said they were good, just a shortage on the chicken.  Beans and Rice were also good.  If you do want good guacamole (Chipotle is made fresh daily and is chunky!!!The service was good and more then one waitress came to ask if we wanted anything (that does not happen to often at other restaurants), I had heard that they do get pack and the place was busy, by luck we got a seat!   For now I'm rating Moreno's a 3, I will go back and try some other food items (Shredded Beef Tacos/Tamales/Cheese Enchiladas etc., then I hope to rate Moreno's a better rating.I do admit however, the chips/salsa except for the guacamole (again needs to be more chunky) are better then Serrano's). Charging for an additional chips and salsa is out of the norm, for two person's that should be enough chips, more then two that's not enough since the basket of chips are small.So I'm wishing myself luck on the next visit :)
1	Nope...    Staff was rude, chatting with each other and ignoring the customers.  Screwed up our order, once correct food was brought out, it was mediocre at best.  Not anything like the one on AZ Ave in Chandler.
4	Had 2 Sonoran Dogs. Great! Chips salsa and bean dip free was a nice surprise and my wife got the mango salsa chicken tacos which were really good. It would have been a 5* but her chicken could have been more moist.
5	Nacho supreme, Carne Asada burrito, and fiesta burrito  very good as always excellent food as always.
4	I had breakfast here with my wife and it was very good. The burritos are HUGE.
5	The Green Corn Tamale was the most amazing one I have ever had on the east side. The green salsa was fantastic, as well as the bean dip! The only thing that lacks at all is the environment. It is not dumpy at all just not nice but they definitely have AMAZING food
1	This food has no flavor!Salsas were bland, not hot, not spicy. Menudo, bland no flavor, not spicy. I asked for hotter salsa to spice up the machaca and what was "medium hot" didn't have any more heat than the other two salsas that came with the chips. I have never had "Mexican" food so bland, dull and flavorless. And slow service.You really want the food to be better but it's not.Not worth the wait for a table.
1	I've asked myself each time I've gone here, why did we come here?  The service has always been terrible each time.  It probably is the worst service I have ever experienced  The food is ok, not the best, but tonight it was really greasy.  we had to ask for napkins 3 times and never got any.  There are so many servers but none of them will bother looking in your direction.I really don't think we will go back again, and I mean it this time.
4	You wouldn't know by looking at their website that they have a full breakfast menu. With Everything From The all American Country Fried Steak To Mexican Favorites Like chilaquiles And Huevos rancheros The Have It All. Huge portions and great friendly service.
5	Wow it's been since July that I have updated. I love this place, we try and go at least once or twice a month, if I lived closer, I would be here more often, my favorite is still the street tacos, the guacamole has greatly improved. The waitresses seem to know us and us them. I now rate this place a 5, since so far it's the best Mexican food I have tried here in Queen Creek/San Tan Valley. If anyone thinks there is a better Mexican food place, please post. I have tried Serrano's"s and still think Moreno's is better!
5	After moving to San Tan Valley, we have been looking for a good Mexican food restaurant. Morenos was the place. It took us a year and a half to try it after reading reviews that it was bland with no flavor before we braved it and tried it anyway. It definitely had flavor even though it wasn't spicy. We aren't huge fans of spicy, but we like it to have flavor, and this did. The salsa with the bean dip was great, and I got the cheese enchilada and taco combo with green sauce. The taco was fresh and crisp, and the enchilada was very full. I wasn't able to finish all of it, and also got a tamale to go. We are thrilled that we finally took the chance and found a new favorite Mexican food place.
1	The food is great, which is why we keep coming back, but the customer service is disappointing every time we order take out. It's difficult to get anyone to acknowledge us when we walk in and when they realize we just want take out, we become low on their priority list of customers. With a few different options for Mexican food in the area, I don't think we will be back to Moreno's.
4	I have been here numerous times for dinner, and what can I say, I always come back, partly because it's about the only choice real close by and I really can't complain too much about the food. Love the chips, red and green salsa and the bean dip. The servers have always tried their best to make sure we were well taken care of. I typically get the stuffed relleno and it's not the best but satisfying at the same time. My wife will often get the quesadilla and she really likes it (the one with chicken and gauc). Now, the other morning we went here for breakfast and it was pretty good. They have a nice selection of both American breakfasts and Mexican. I would come back for the breakfast for sure.
1	The service here on 5/25/14 was bad. The guy seemed to only focus on me (another guy) and not my fiance. Instead of asking if we wanted more to drink he'd just come and grab our cups.The chips and salsa, in my opinion, are terrible. The beans are ok.We didn't like the food at all. Will not be coming back.
5	i come here often and have yet to be disappointed. The place is always busy, which is a good sign. My favorites are the shrimp mango quesadilla and the crab relleno. They are delicious. The staff is always friendly too. Its the best mexican food for miles around here.
4	This place is good for a decently priced meal. Nothing too spectacular but still nice. I personally like the fundido sauce. Just try not to down the chips and salsa in 5 seconds like I do, since you don't get a free refil on them.
4	I've been going for breakfast, lunch & dinner here for about 2 years on & off & have had nothing but the best experiences with the taste of food & prompt & kindly service from the wait staff. I see some negative responses but their a few & far between. My wife & finicky daughters absolutely love this restaurant. Gerardo is a great waiter too, if ya can, try to seat in his area. Be mindful it is a small restaurant so lines & waiting can be frustrating but if there is lines, they must be doing something right.
3	Just had lunch here for the first time. Because of that I can only give 3 stars until I try some other things. If your looking for lunch at noon be prepared to wait or have a plan B. The place was full and customers kept coming. I had the Green Chile Burrito Enchilada style with green sauce rice & beans. It was very big and very hot. I kinda over did it with the chips and salsa because they also give you a bean dip and some kind of green dressing like stuff which I couldn't figure out what was in it, kinda tasty though. The service was fair but they were rather busy. My tab was $11 plus tax & tip. I'm stuffed and didn't make a happy plate...lots of to go boxes at other tables to....I'll be back.
4	Had the southwestern shrimp burro and crab relleno.  It was very good!  Margarita was okay.
5	I haven't had a bad meal here yet! Been here for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  I've tried several different meals and they were all great!  The wait can be a little long, especially for breakfast, but it's worth it
2	Well, this place has had plenty of time to get they're act together.  The service is horrible!  Food is just ok, which is sad because when they opened they got 4 stars from me.  I'm surprised that they're still in business but there isn't a whole lot of options here. The chips n Salsa/Bean Dip is yummy but that's it. Keep searching!
4	Great service!  Had the torta and fried. Loved that they had Pepsi, nothing goes better with Mexican food.   The chips are thin how I like them.  The salsa could have been spicier but it was good. They also give you a green sauce which is a sweet spice. Will definitely be going again!!
3	I really appreciate the service but when does service become a little annoying? Please don't ask me every two minutes if we are ok especially when we are only eating the free chips. Now to the food which was 20 minutes late, was okay. Very bland and no flavor. The giant "Durango Ranchero Relleno was said to be loaded with shrimp. I found only 4. The ranchero sauce was sweet and made the dish boring . But again we are being asked every 90seconds if we are doing okay...Annoying. The price is ok. I may just try something new next time  but eh not too impressed.
4	Amazing food, 1 good server...nobody even noticed we came in and sat down, i had to go up there and ask if we could have a server, but, he was outstanding, work on your service Moreno's, because your food is excellent.
4	Full disclosure, I'm a Mexican food Breakfast type guy. I love huevos rancheros, chiliques, and anything else in that pantheon. This is basically the best breakfast spot in Queen Creek as far as I'm concerned. It's not a huge corporate conglomerate chain place either so that's a huge plus. At lunch the Sonoran Dogs are awesome too. Actually everything on the menu really kicks ass. The service is commensurate with how busy it is. It's a small place. The food is great.
5	The food here is amazing. I had an awesome menudo. We had salmon enchiladas and the flan was so homemade. What a great find, reasonable prices, and just good food.
1	Will not eat at their restaurants again!!
4	Food was delicious! Service was great just no smiles, but i will be returning again because none the less food was great!
4	Pretty good food. I only eat one dish there so I can't say much of other items. Staff are pretty friendly. I've been there only one time and had bad service. I did find a hair in my dish the last time I was in. I've been there's over 20 times in the last two years. There sent many choices in San tan so this is definitely a keeper.
1	Well, I can't believe this guy Sergio still works here,what a moron. It's like being served by a Mexican inmate gangster wanna be. Being served by him just stinks. Get rid of him already geee
1	Someone told me this place had good Mexican food so I decided to stop by and order the torta first of all the service was terrible I never did get any napkins or silverware after about 20 minutes my food came out cold and it wasn't that good I love Mexican food and have been to many Mexican restaurants and this by far is the worst I have been to save your money and go to Taco Bell
2	Was not impressed at all with the Red enchiladas. The food was cold, highly upset with this place. Never coming back to this restaurant
1	Quite possibly the worst service I've ever experienced. They got my order wrong 3 times and I had to ask constantly for silverware, napkins, and water. Food was really good. Eat at your own risk.
2	Lets start by saying that we LOVE this place (usually, with the right server).  But tonight was the 2nd time recently that our waitress (the one who thinks she's a sorority girl with absolutely zero personality) not only messed up both orders after specific requests when we ordered not to include some things in our dishes, then had the nerve to try to add a $4 "cheese sauce charge" on our bill that made no sense.  She obviously does this often, not thinking anyone reads the receipt.  She claimed that it was a new charge that wasn't on the menu yet (clearly B.S.), and because she didn't want this brought to anyone else's attention, she quickly asked us, "well do you want me to take those charges off?"  Ummm... yes?  She was caught, but we don't appreciate the snarkiness at all.  Perhaps if she didn't already prove herself to be the world's worst server, maybe I wouldn't have actually looked at that bill so closely.  I expect better from Moreno's.   Hopefully these kinds of servers don't last much longer there.
4	We've been going to this nice little restaurant for a little over a year now. The food has always been good/ great. The place is clean and the staff is friendly. The service is hit and miss. Sometimes great/ good and then other times not so great. But need less to say we will keep coming back. As far as these bad reviews the only thing I can say is there was two Mexican restaurants and that's including this place and now only one. Not including a fast food chain either. Basically one Mexican restaurant for close to 87,000 people in a town!! That's a lot of people.
4	We order take out from here about once a week. The green sauce is excellent and so is the burro grande.
4	Always good food and service. I had Muedo and taste like mother in laws my sister has Chili Verde a taste wonderful.
