2	More is definitely less. I can find a better buffer in like Bakersfield. The selection is small and the food taste a little better than what they prepare at a high school cafeteria. The cocktail shrimp are half the size of those of the other buffets and the prime rib overcooked to perfection. If it wasn't for the $5 off coupon and the reasonable price, this is definitely a one star.
3	It's not bad, you get what you pay for.
2	It's okay. Nuthin' that special. The watermelon was good. The desserts were pretty good.
2	More is not always better. I think my taste buds are much more refined nowadays where I don't care anymore to get my moneys worth. I'd rather enjoy good food. We went here after an early morning of gambling (2 AM to 7 AM). It was a Saturday so they had the champagne brunch. It was $17.99. It's a steep price to pay for breakfast, plus I can't eat much in the morning. I got a mimosa with my buffet. The highlight was the omelet bar and the shrimp. They had decently fresh shrimp, maybe about 6-8 size. The have your standard salad and breakfast food bar. The only "meat" they had was the roast beef and it was a bit dry. The Asian food wasn't very good, especially the pad thai had no taste. There was nothing special about this place. It was hearty and feeling, but not worth the $17.99 brunch!
1	Don't waste you time; this buffet is just bad. Low quality and nasty. Go to Bellagio or Paris and get a good buffet.
3	T. and I have eaten here a few times for dinner, brunch and breakfast.  I debated between 3 and 4 stars and decided to go with 3.  The food is good, but not great.  They have a good selection.  The wait staff is nice, they bring your drinks quickly and don't let them get empty.  They have a nice salad bar with lots of veggies and fruit.  The chocolate mousse is a must have.  I can't believe I forgot to get some Saturday night when we went there for dinner.  I think it's probably a good place for most kids.  Mine are real picky eaters, so they didn't find much that they liked.   Breakfast and brunch, there are several different preparations for eggs, scrambled(meh), scrambled with ham & cheese (good!), eggs benedict(T. said they were ok) and spanish omelets.  You can have champagne with brunch, it was pretty good.
1	I vividly remember the buffet when I was in Vegas years ago. I hyped it up and assumed all Vegas buffets were this amazing.Then there is MORE....I would have had a tastier meal at the foodcourt. Besides the utter chaos that seems to ensue at all you can eat buffets, our service was poor (though I guess you can't help but be miserable if you work at a buffet), the food reminded me of Old Country Buffet, but worse because I was paying more for it.  The best part was the iceburg salad I made.... though they were out of croutons.... wtf. I should have just spent the money drinking.
2	So NOT the buffet that I want when I got to Vegas (TAXI!!! quick! take me to the buffet at the RIo!)After waiting for what seemed like forever in line that morning for brunch, we finally got seated.  Then we went thru the buffet - it was so so.  There was nothing spectacular about the food, nothing interesting, or unusual that would make it stand out - nothing that would make me ever want to come back.  Vegas is about trying new foods, and experiencing things, this was not something that I would consider new - or an experience.  it was just blah.
1	One word.Risky.
1	I wasn't expecting a lot here, but was still disappointed.  My first tip-off was when I picked up a plate at the front of the buffet and it had little crumbs of wet food and water on it....got grossed out....picked up another....same thing.  EWW.  Now I'm used to getting wet plates at buffets...not sure why that is, but it is expected.  But water AND food?!  Definitely didn't get my appetite going.  : (  We went to fill our plates and as we were walking back to our table from "round 1", my husband decided that our table was a little too far from all the food (he was right, it was).  I agreed and he politely asked if we could be moved to another area where most of the other people were seated.  The host kind of sighed and acted like this was the most difficult request in history, but moved us anyway.  The new table had lots of crumbs, food scraps and grease on the booth seats, as well as on the table.  YUM.  But it WAS closer to the buffet!  lolGot settled in at the new table (after using all our napkins wiping it off) and started checking out the food we had chosen.  Nothing that I had really stood out, but most of it was edible.  They had pretty much the standard buffet fare...-Salads (I didn't have any, but tried the hubby's seafood salad...that was surprisingly tasty)-Sushi rolls (was scared to try at a buffet....hubby did and said they were "really good"...I took his word for it)-Cold shrimp (passed on that too....seemed like food poisoning waiting to happen)-A couple of hot pasta dishes (the penne pasta with cream sauce and mushrooms was good)-Grilled salmon (YUCK... only ate one bite.  Too fishy smelling/tasting...salmon isn't normally like that)-Mashed potatoes & various sides (decent, basic stuff)-Chinese food (eggrolls were good...fried rice and noodle dish, not so much)-Mexican food (HELL NO)-Fried shrimp (not bad)-Lots of dessert (I got all excited because they had a TON of mini desserts...and I am the dessert QUEEN.  ; )  Problem: none of them are really any good!  BOO....)So, we did our 2nd and 3rd rounds and tried to get as full as humanly possible to get our $19.99 worth.  As I kept walking back and forth, I noticed something else...my shoes kept sticking to the floor really badly, which was a precarious situation while carrying a full plate of food.  : (   It definitely gave me even more reason to think this place definitely hadn't been cleaned properly in a long time.  While the place was pretty gross and the food was mediocre at best, the kicker was sitting there watching the server dude chat it up with EVERY. SINGLE. TABLE. except for ours, refilling drinks when they were half empty, bringing more napkins, etc, etc....the works....all the while leaving us completely unattended and, towards the end, drink-less too.  I finally had to flag him down to ask for a refill after waiting 10+ minutes to see if he'd get a clue.  He did come grab our empty plates when we were gone at the buffet, but that was IT.  I don't know if we pissed someone off by asking (very nicely) to switch tables, or if we looked young and like we wouldn't leave a tip....I have no clue.  It was so odd and so blatant that it started to feel like one of those hidden camera situations or something!  Weird.  All I know is that we weren't treated very well here, the food wasn't worth it and the whole place needs a good scrub down.  Find another place to get your buffet on in Vegas because MORE doesn't live up to its name....
3	Its alright. Nothing substantial. If you love seafood, go somewhere else. This place doesn't have it unless you like fried shrimp or salmon. No crab or oysters. I ate here for dinner and champagne breakfast. Lots of your standard foods like mashed potatoes, rice, carving board meats. During breakfast I had less than a plate of food but I had 8 glasses of mimosas. They sucked, basically some unknown champagne and OJ with no real fruit but whatever. Me and a friend were there for like 2 hrs until the rest came down to eat.
3	The best thing about this buffet is it's cheap. We had Sunday brunch for $19. FYI that is cheap by Vegas standards. The croissants were super good, everything else was just Mehhh. I would only choose to go back if I were watching my cash-o-la, otherwise steer clear. Service was not so good. Salad section was lame. Roast beef tasted weird. Eggs were watery. I don't remember anything else, that is how NOT amazing the MORE buffet was.
1	My husband and I ate at the Luxor last night and it was horrible. It was $19.99 per person for dinner. There was no crab legs, nothing special. They had breaded calamari, but the calamari was no more than 1/10th of it. You could pull apart the calamari (it looks like onion rings) and its all breading. I don't understand how this luxorious hotel/casino buffet think that people are not going to notice.They did have prime rib, but half of it was covered with fat. Their sushi was absolutely amateur. I was impressed that they had creme brulee, but they didn't even bother to caramelize the sugar on top. All in all, I think it's only one step up from HomeTown Buffet because their food was actually hot when we showed up at 9 and they had a lot of freshly made condiments. That's all.Oh, and watch out for the staff!Their waitress was rude! This blond older lady came by and asked me what drink I wanted and what my husband wanted (who was still getting his food from the buffet).  I told her my drink and told her I didn't know what he wanted. Then she said to me, "Well, you guys keep disappearing so I'll just come back later." She said it in a rude irritated tone. There was no need for that. She could've said, "Oh, well I'll just come back in a little bit so I can get both your drinks." I think she realized my shock so she game back and asked what he usually gets and she came back with 2 drinks for each of us. When I thanks her she replied, "Yeah." Back in her irritated rude voice. I was so upset that we didn't tip her, which is sad for her because my husband and I at least tip 20%.Don't bother with More! Their logo is, "Less is not more. More is more. More" Yeah, more waste of money and more disappointment.
1	By home Town Buffet Standards: I love this place great variety and the food was up to par. By Vegas Standard: Com on guys! You're not fooling anyone! This is the worst buffet out there! The restaraunt in Hollywood (Smokehouse) has a better buffet then you guys! Why should I drive 300+ miles and waste a buffet on you?! Shame on you!  Place was advertised all over the place for 12.99 b-fast then they changed it on us and said it was 20. Okay fine! At least give me good food, I felt like I was at Home town!
2	It is ok buffet. We had champagne buffet on christmas day. Not worth it, but some items were edible. Nothing to write home about. Would not eat there again, unless it is a freebie.
3	If you want upscale food, do not go the Luxor's buffet.  They do not have Alaskan king crab legs, filet mignon medallions, or roasted endangered species in an orange-cranberry glaze.If you want abundant reasonably well-prepared comfort foods, then the Luxor's buffet is just the ticket.  If you're in Vegas for two days, skipping it is probably recommended.  Any longer than that though, it's not a bad option if you want a break from pretentious food.
2	I was really disappointed in their food selection :( But hey! At least I got to eat here using food vouchers!I don't know, the buffet was really mediocre. Hometown Buffet has a better selection than they do. However, we did catch the champagne brunch, so I was down for the unlimited mimosas. It sucks for those who really don't want alcohol, but are compelled to order it because you're paying for it already. I ended up eating so much cocktail shrimp since there wasn't any more seafood. I was in the mood for something like crab or lobster, but they had neither.I must say. Mimosa does not go well with everything ;(
1	This food was pretty terrible and overpriced.  I would not go back.
1	This is the worst buffet I've ever experienced in my life.   The frozen food section at Wal-Mart would have been better.  The selection was poor, the quality was terrible and there wasn't one good dessert offered.  Service was okay and fortunately we had a 2 for 1 coupon.   Anyway, I'll stick with Caesar's or Bellagio next time.
2	Worse buffet experience in Vegas.. Usually you can never go wrong with buffets in Vegas.. this was a bad choice. Food section.. quality was bad.. overpriced.. Never come here again.
4	For those giving low stars, it's a buffet come on...Now for my review. I went here for brunch and it was fabulous. HUGE selection, of course you have to take the first round to find the foods you actually like, and the second course to get the ones you really like. Bottomless mimosas or champagne. Only flaw with that is it took the table server forever to make a round to get back to us.The biscuits and gravy were awesome!
1	Blech!!! Unfortunately ate here twice while staying at Luxor for a conference. The worst buffet in Vegas!! Everything tastes like it was frozen then defrosted and plopped into serving dishes!! Yuck.....lunch offerings were dry and over cooked pork loin, fried chicken  and beef stroganoff. Both my husband an I hated everything that was sampled.....EVEN dessert!! How do you mess up dessert!!!! Well ask Luxor cause they seem to have it down! Sundays champagne brunch was better....only because with all the alcohol everything tastes better!
1	Something to write home about? Hell yeah!!!!I'd tell everyone how bad this food is!This place was absolutely horrible! Maybe it was because I had just come from the Wynn buffet and the Burger Bar the day before and was expecting something more. Whatever the reason, there was no excuse for food to taste this bad. The food was cold and looked liked it had been sitting there for days. Don't let me get started on the taste {yuck :P}.The only thing that was good here was the tiramasu. Other than that, this place sucked. The staff sucked, the food sucked. If I wanted food this bad, I would have stayed home.
1	So this is my first time in Vegas, and only got to eat one buffet,  I was psyched, I love buffets, except they are usually so shitty. It was in my top 5 reasons to come to Vegas, to rock out a good buffet, and boy were we fucked.  It just sucks, to reason to go into particulars, it tastes like any other buffet in the city that is known for making buffets sweet.  For shame Luxor, I actually now have to go back to this screwed up fake city just to walk down the hallway to Mandalay or Wynn and actually get good food.
1	ONE WORD=ew not worth it!
2	i dont think this is the worst buffet i've ever been to. but it's quite bad. However, i'll say that i have not been back since the bad experience.. i should go back at give it a 2nd try... maybe things have changed.
1	Uggg disgusting. Service was bad, food was bad and even the drinks were undrinkable. Go to the buffet at Paris. This place is dated and disgusting not to mention poor quality.
4	What you get vs. what you pay for is astounding.As one of the lower-cost buffets in Vegas, this does not disappoint!Everything is fresh, there's plenty of selection, it's not too loud, and you get plenty of space to enjoy your food!I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but if your staying at the Luxor, I wouldn't miss it!
4	We stayed at Luxor for a few days and happen to come across a terrific deal for this buffet. I'm not sure how long it will last but they have an all day pass (10AM-10PM) all-you-can-eat buffet deal for $35 per person, that means unlimited visits for 12 hours, includes unlimited house wine & beer! We ended up hitting the buffets 3 times in one day, by the last visit I couldn't even eat anymore... I was good with a soda, but my friends were drinking beer and hitting the nacho bar lol Now they didn't have any crab legs or anything but I thought it was a pretty good buffet for the price. I will list the foods that I like to eat: French toast, pancakes, waffles, bacon, sausages, biscuits & gravy, corned beef hash, chorizo & eggs, ribs, fried chicken, prime rib, grilled mahi mahi, tacos, nachos, baked potatoes, chili, and the most surpringly good thing was... wait for it... CHICKEN NOODLE SOUP, yes, I know! I'm thinking why would anyone waste their stomach space for chicken noodle soup at a buffet, I mean I wasn't sick with the swine flu or anything, we are in the middle of the desert, it's hotter than heck... but something drew me to the soup, and I'm glad it did, because it was the best chicken noodle soup I've ever had. If I can put it in my my pocket and take it home with me I would. The service is excellent, we had 3 different servers and all were wonderful. We will be back for MORE!
4	After dropping our bags off at the bell desk until it was time to check into our room, Ape and I headed to the buffet. We got the $35 all you can eat/all day wristbands. This was a very good deal! We came here twice that day and easily ate our $70 worth. I probably ate the weight of my head in shrimp cocktail. Highlights: -salad bar is fresh and very good -shrimp cocktail is delicious -the selection of food is impressive, some type of dish from every continent -the house wine is included and was surprisingly good -value -service was good Lowlights: -decor is a bit dated -the food is only slightly above average tasting -the sushi looks dangerousOverall, a very good deal. It's exactly what you'd expect from a buffet at the Luxor... Only cheaper.
2	What made this buffet great was our wonderful table attendant. We has to pay $20 for the mimosa brunch, and the food was sadly not worth it. But our lovely attendant kept refilling our mimosa flutes within a minute of being empty. She was funny and perky, and we left her a nice tip.We spent an hour or so just walking back and forth to try to force feed ourselves $20 worth of crappy food, which was very hard. But all the boys in my party seemed to be in heaven as they piled their plates high with fried everything. I tried a bunch of things but they were all very cafeteria quality. The only things I enjoyed were the shrimps and cocktail sauce, which I stuffed my face with, and the mashed potatoes. Oh well, lesson well learned. But thank you to our wonderful waitress!
3	The food selection was average, bu the price is very reasonable.19.99 got me a huge slab of prime rib, with bbq ribs, and chow mein.  An odd blend of flavors, but gooood none the less.. Deserts were ok but not specatular...Overall, not bad for the price but nothing special.
3	This was the most surreal experience I have ever had. I went to Luxor for old times sake (I had stayed 10 years ago as a minor) to eat a few hours before my flight. I was leaving at 1am Saturday and I got here at about 10pm. Its in the basement and kind of dreary. Theres 80s music playing, dark 80s music (Piano in the Dark by Brenda Russell). It is not crowded and felt fairly empty from where I was. It was like a dream...eating picked over food alone in a buffet in Vegas thats about to close down while listening to dark 80s music. It was like I was in a music video for In the Air Tonight by Phil Collins - thats the best way to describe the feeling I got here.It was in one word, awesome.
1	Ew, gross, save your calories.I tried a little bit of a lot of things, and only the make-your-own-tacos were edible.Even the churros were gross!! Hard & stale.Tried a few desserts; fruit tart shell was inedible, flan tased weird, and the "tirimisu" was nasty.Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww, so not worth it.Walk yourself to the Mandalay Bay Buffet, SO worth it, all you can eat hot crab legs, totallllllly better, worth the $8 more & walk!
4	Ok so I normally don't go to buffets because typically they're overpriced and I never eat enough to make up the money but this one is awesome because for $30 you can eat ALL day as much as you want. Only drawback is that even on a weekend night they close at 10pm. BOO! Can't do that guys, it's Vegas! WTH! Oh well good food though honestly like almost every single thing I ate was delicious ranging from soups to sushi to pasta and even deserts. I def recommend the strawberry cheesecake even if you don't like it because OMG soooooooooooo yummy it hits the spot even with just one bite. Since we were staying at the hotel as well we got free drink tickets too and in the morning we both got complimentary champagne! How cool is that right? So yeah I think we'll be back :)
2	Had I yelped this buffet before shelling out the cash, I might not have found myself sitting at the table wondering whether the executive chef graduated from the Culinary Institute of Hometown.
1	I weep for humanity.Words like "horrifying," "embarrassing," and "tragic" should be used when describing this culinary disaster.  Our group of four had to hunt to find anything edible just to get past the meal.  We could taste the cheapness in the food.  It was like the dishes were assembled  in another country, frozen, shipped, accidentally thawed, re-frozen and then reheated for the Luxor's unsuspecting dining victims.  The Luxor should be ashamed and management should be forced to eat here daily.
4	Okay so the fools on here who are rating the buffet 2 stars or lower need to get off their high horse.  HELLO.....you're eating at damn buffet, not at some unique Euro-chique restaurant.  You're at the buffet because it's cheap and there's different types of food to choose from, you're not there for exotic dishes or the ambience.   My wife and I went to the buffet for lunch and we were more than happy with the food and the service.  Only downside is that they close at 10pm which is kinda silly considering that it's Vegas.
3	Hmm this buffet was worth the 20.00 I paid for dinner. There was nothing spectacular, but it was doable. I don't think I really have any complaints. It was better than the Flamingo buffet and If I remember correctly slightly cheaper.  There is less variety than many of of the other nicer buffets, but I guess you get what you pay for.  Just a warning there were no Alaskan crab legs or that many choices for shellfish, only the cold shrimp they have at every buffet.Here is something new I tried for the first time tho, asking the cashiers to take a look at their buffet, before actually choosing where to eat.  They actually allow you to do that, so I thought that was awesome. If they're not looking you might be able to sneak some bread or cookies out in your purse haha, while previewing. JK!
2	I give this place 2 stars. It is an excellent buffet... For me to poop on.
5	My b/f and I ate here on our trip to Vegas. I must say that out of all the buffets I've been to in my life this is the one that I was definitely worth the money! At $20 a person I will admit I was scared, so my b/f and I asked to see if we could see the food before we decided. They actually let us! It was great! The variety is EXCELLENT! You had American, Italian, and Asian food all in one place. Talk about a delight. The choices were endless. The food was fresh and set at the perfect temperature. I must say after eating there we were stuffed. Definitely money well spent!
1	Very shitty buffet... the fried chicken was an insult to me it had no taste same goes for the mac n cheese,asian food. do yourself a favor and go to the MGM Grand buffet way better.
3	Well, after eating at two very good buffets during our most recent trip to Vegas, this one was really pretty mediocre.  I am only giving it a 3 star because it is a much better deal for the price than spending $10 on a crummy hot dog located two floors up.  Yeah, still peeved about that.  After desperately looking for something cheap to eat, and seeing that the buffet line (and everything else) at Excalibur would probably take 1 hour to get through, having a very hungry and tired 3 year old on our hands, we settled for the buffet at Luxor.  Fortunately, my husband couldn't have been happier.  The selection was not great, the food was only so so, but it was better quality than the $10 fish sandwich he had almost bought and a lot more food too.  The one saving grace of this buffet is that they must have a decent pastry chef because their desserts were a lot better than the ones we found at the Spice Market Buffet or Seasons.  We were very impressed by the desserts and had way too many of them! That and the coffee was excellent!
2	I won't write too much about this buffet. It got the job done as far as filling our tummies but it was nothing amazing. The only thing it had going for it was the mimosas and even those were meh...ok. Just expect your run of the mill cafeteria offerings and you won't be too disappointed.
2	I almost gave this place a 3 after comparing it to the buffet at TI, but then my boyfriend and I went home and were queasy all night. I like this buffet more than the TI buffet because their food is overall more flavored and well-presented, and they also have Chef's Specials. The salad bar is also large and impressive compared to the sad buffet at TI. I downed a couple mimosas and ate mostly breakfast food (and their eggs benedict was way better than TIs). I wouldn't go back here but it is WAY more bang for the buck than other buffets so if you have to choose a cheap one, go here. Also, another downside is the crazy maze of tables and the fact that you have to wait so long to get one. I liked our happy server though - she may have refilled my mimosa more than twice now that I think about it...
3	One of the thing I completely despise is getting me in the buffet line!  That's a huge NO-NO! I mean seriously some of these people would cut me in line then take FOREVER choosing what they want to eat! I witnessed a wedding reception at the restaurant which I thought was rather tacky given the fact the groomsmen attire was a standard black tuxedo with red sneaker(?), yeah ok whatever. Then our waitress was completely rude when we were trying to request a refill on our mimosa's because she seemed rather frustrated by and group around the corner from us. Food selection was ok, plenty of seating, service could've been better, and they have a saturday/sunday brunch champagne special!
3	The food was totally cool, but, like my boyfriend says, it was cafeteria food. We expected more from such a beautiful casino on the south strip. OK price ($14.99 / lunch) and pleasant atmosphere, but hot dogs floating in a pot of boiling water?.... dry chicken fried steak patties aching for some kind of country gravy?.... the smallest dessert bar I have ever seen at a Las Vegas casino buffet? My boyfriend doesn't ever want to go back, but I would. Together, he and I will go across the street to the MGM.
3	For breakfast it was bangin!who thought to put cream angliase on oatmeal...I did and it was good!  Gluttoness yes but a good quick not to expensive spot to eat breakfast on the strip...why only 3 stars...well I wont get into the rotten oranges or the wait on my way inn...and lets face it its the Luxor breakfast buffet.....
4	I really enjoyed breakfast here. Champagne brunch came with unlimited mimosas, and the food was really good. They've got a wide selection of things, so there's something for everyone. I'd definitely go here again.
3	Alright so I have read alot of people reviews and I have to laugh at some and agree with others. The food is not bad at this place. I have eaten here at least 5 times and you have no complains from me. Yes the hot dogs in a buffett are a little weird but come on lots of people have kids and you know most kids will eat hot dogs. For the price and when you are in a lazy mood and dont want to leavr the hotel the food is good. If you are wanting high end classy plates then  the have a McDonald a few floors up
3	I think the name MORE is so appropriate for a buffet.  $29.99 for all day access to the buffet.  Just flash your wristband and get seated.  The food ranges from Italian, Chinese, American, Mexican etc.  Their salads were tasty.  The bean salad and the sweet potato salad were good.  The dessert bar was decent.  I enjoyed their attempt at creme brulee.For breakfast they had all the standards.  The monkey bread was awesome and I nom nom nommed the doughnut holes.It was buffet food.  They are feeding the masses here.  Can't expect to much.  Three stars for a great all day deal.
2	Ate here on a Saturday for Brunch. We actually got the all day buffet which was $35 a head - that included champagne brunch and also dinner. The brunch alone woulda been $20 a head. But we figured we would maybe save more money if we jus do the all day instead of goin sumwhere else for dinner. DAMN WAS I WRONG!!!! If u aint a big eater, then this would not be a good deal for u. Lemme start with the food. For Brunch, there was a quite a variety. But out of everything i ate, there wasnt anything that was really good.... the only thing i liked was the yogurt with granola... BOY was i killn that!!!! For dinner, it seemed like they had some of the stuff from brunch and jus kept it for dinner. THAS SOO NAST!!!! so i really didnt eat much for dinner. Plus I was still full from that luvly yogurt and granola. Anywho, the selection for dinner wasnt even that great. I prolly woulda enjoyed McDo-Do's(McDonalds) more than that!!!!oh and another thing, wen u get the all day buffet, u gotta wear this yellow bracelet kuz thats how they keep track of u. SO WACK!!!! i asked the lady, "wat if i gotta shower" and she said its water resistant...now, aint that a be-otch!!! that damn yellow paper bracelet was killn my look! And i felt like a fat@ss kuz it aint like i was wearin one of them bracelets for a club, it was a damn bracelet for a damn buffet!!!! NOW TELL ME THAT DONT SOUND FAT TO U?!!!!!!I aint messn with this buffet no more!!!! this place should be called "MORE(leftovers) Buffet at Luxor"
4	we tried the breakfest buffet and wow it was stunning!!  It wasnt as good as TI''s buffet but it was still up  there.  great omelets and breakfest burritos here...the french toast i couldnt put down..it was so good.  gonna check it out for lunch next week.
3	Standard Vegas Buffet.....I mean you are mass producing food from 8am-11pm every day...I'm not going to write a snobby review about pig-slop; but for 39.99 (mine was actually cheaper cause we were the last seating)...you get ALL U CAN DRINK WINE AND BEER!!!!!!!!!And I did..for 2 hours....worst best idea ever.....and the sole reason I bothered to rate this buffet.Bon Appe-drink!
1	Went here last weekend for my honeymoon. What a disaster of a buffet! $30 dollars for food that tasted like it had been prepped a week in advance and over nuked in a microwave. This is the WORST buffet I have ever ate at. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY when you go to Vegas. Can't say it enough...bad...Bad..BAD!!!
4	For $35 for the day, all you can drink mimosas with breakfast, and all you can drink wine or beer at dinner, I think this buffet was excellent.  Some of the food sucked, but what I didn't like was left on the plate and I moved on to something better.  Some of the food was really good.  Stuffed crepes and omelettes at breakfast were good, good sausage too.  I will skip the sushi and shrimp next time.  The pot roast was nice, and the tacos too.It's not always easy to get good food at a low price in this town, so when I stay at the Luxor it's the buffet all day.  And if you take advantage of the drinks it's an amazing deal.  Do it.
4	I'm actually glad that I didn't read other people's reviews before going here. I really enjoyed the champagne brunch. I thought that their food was very good. The sausage and bacon being above the bar from a lot of places that I have been. They have a lot to choose from and I tried to try it all, I thought it was pretty succesful. They have a decent sized dessert bar too. I will go again, when in town.
2	I don't want to spend a lot of time talking down about this buffet. I willingly admit to being a general buffet hater, but seriously. There is a such thing as a good buffet in Las Vegas, this is not it.
4	I am still dreaming about the bacon from this buffet. It was so crispy and delicious. We did the $19.99 Champagne Brunch on a sunday morning around 11am. The place wasn't crowded at all which means we didnt have to navigate around too many people. You are seated with a waitress who brings you drinks so you don't have to worry about having someone guard your stuff. The mimosas were pretty nasty, but then again I hate champagne. It didnt help that they were using watered down OJ from concentrate. They had a great breakfast selection including the basics like bacon (omg), potatotoes, eggs benedict, sasage, scrambled eggs, smoked salmon, shrimp, waffles, crepes, etc. They also had a omelette bar where your own personalized omelette was cooked up right in front of you. I got ham and cheese, and it was goooood. The ham had really good flavor.  There was also a selection of cereal and granola which was nice. In addition to brunch, there was also a selection of asian, tex mex, and american foods for lunch. All of which were mediocre. The desserts were TERRIBLE. They were all  single serving small and cute, but none of them had very much flavor. I shared a few with the boyfriend including chocolate mousse (the only relatively good one), tiramisu (ew), carrot cake (wtf), doughnut holes, and a pineapple tarte.Overall I'd say it was just your average buffet food. I would reccomend the brunch after a night of drinking. It really hits the spot, but would probably avoid it for lunch and dinner.
1	MORE? How about a little LESS!!!This place is disgusting. After one bite I already wanted to leave. The food taste old and had no flavor. I had to put hot sauce in my soup to get a taste. The place didn't even look nice. It looked like a hospital cafeteria. Waste of money. The buffet at Treasure Island tasted much better than this restaurant, if that's what you can even call it.
2	While the Luxor works well as a hotel and a casino, it fails miserably as a place to eat.  Their buffet should be avoided all together unless unlimited champagne really means that much to you.  The food selection was extensively American and extensively bland.  Reflecting back, there were no memorable dishes at all.  It was clear that inferior ingredients were used where possible to keep the overall cost to a minimum.  Even the omelet station offered up wounded omelets.  Any Embassy Suites in America has this place beat for breakfast.  Alas, there is the champagne.  Bottomless, but the quality of the champagne is hardly worth the effort.  I would have been much happier buying a bottle or two of Veuve and staying in the hotel room with my girlfriend.  Probably the worst buffet in Vegas -- avoid.
3	We went here the week of 3/24/10. We got the $29.99 all the day pass but went there only for lunch and dinner. The lunch was very decent food. They had all different sorts of choice..american, chinese, mexican, along with a fruit and dessert bar. My favorite dessert is the bread pudding! All the other food was decent, not fantastic. However, for the price, you just can't beat it. The dinner was not impressive but I didn't think it was a waste of money because I was still full. I would recommend eating here at least once during your visit to Vegas. It's affordable and decent tasting food.
2	We got a Voucher to the buffet, decided to use it for breakfast thinking that people can't really screw up breakfast...and I was wrong! The donut holes were dry, orange juice luke warm, are the scrambled eggs real? The only good part of the breakfast was the bacon. Thank goodness it was all paid for by a voucher.
2	epic disappointment.... although my standards were not high on this one... similar opinion to Gold Nugget buffet heading in....  somehow they managed to really let me down.... food was bad quality, service was subpar and just an overall forgettable experience...   definitely go somewhere else.... you can do a ton better within a 10 minute walk on the strip.....
2	Ate here during Thanksgiving a couple years back and paid the most money for the least value of any buffet I've been to in Las Vegas.  Food was poorly heated and the sliced roast definitely looked better at the buffet, then when it was sitting on my plate, turning my stomach with it's uneven cooking.  I don't know what happened to these guys since years ago they actuallyed seemed to know what they were doing, but we vowed it would be our last time to eat here.    Expensive too as buffets go (even during a Thanksgiving night).
1	Bottom of the barrel. I would not even eat here if the KGB escorted me here by gunpoint.
3	Saw Believe here and needed a place to eat. The BF wanted a buffet so we just went here since we were already at the hotel. We had the dinner buffet and it was okay. The shrimp was awesome. The roasted chicken was really good. The carnitas were surprisingly good for a buffet. Overall the food was good enough, nothing fabulous but it satisfied the appetite. The dessert although was awesome. The chocolate mousse, flan some type of white/raspberry thing was amazing. The oreo cheesecake was real thick and I didnt like it.
3	Very similiar to a Fresh Choice but a little bit better. Not too much variety for a buffet. They let one of my friends in for free cause their credit card machine was down which was nice of the lady.
1	Sub par! 2nd time there and second time someone in my party gets sick from their food. One of the worse buffets ever.
2	Sunday brunch.  Food average especially for price. Mimosas were good.
2	Meh... nothing to write home about. Perfect to curb the hangover a bit, but the quality of food wasn't stellar.However, the Cinnamon Monkey Bread I could've rubbed all over my body it was that good.I'd go back here if I didn't have any other option, but ah well.
2	Short review: Dorm Food.
2	For $19.99, I might have as well swinged over to the Rio or Wynn for a bit more money to better quality food. Don't get me wrong. The food was pretty decent but nothing on top grade when comparing the different buffets you can choose on the LV Strip. The Cinnamon Monkey Bread was something of a different nature that gave this place some uniqueness. The unlimited mimosas is one you can't go wrong. The waitress who served the drinks was funny as hell but could taken the wrong way when joking about the champagne costing only $3 a bottle. Anyways, not a bad place overall but you have better choices if you go to other places raved about. The buffet at the M hotel is what I hear is the place to go lately!
4	$37 and some change for Champaign Bruch and dinner! Not bad! The selection was great- but expected more! They have an Italian, Asian, Soul food section. Desert- and salad bar! The food was very good and fresh tasting!
4	Went for the champagne brunch.Smoked salmon but no wasabi.Waffles weren't crisp but the bacon was awesome. Can rarely go wrong with Applewood Smoked Bacon.The variety of food was excellent.Staff was very friendly and made the dining experience a memorable one.
1	As cheap as $29.99 or an entire day of eating is, do NOT go to this buffet.  I do not think anything there was good, except for the watermelon.  Grilled tilapia is somehow breaded.  Dessert looks like it was pulled out of a box and placed on a stand.  Sushi was still frozen.  Put it this way, I did not get any item from the buffet line more than once.  They messed up steamed rice.  wtf?  In case you are wondering how, there were so many hard uncooked rice morsels on my plate.  Save your money and eat elsewhere.  If you're wondering why I would even eat at a buffet like this after experiencing places like the bellagio or wynn buffet, it is because I was forced to purchase the all-inclusive package for the group I was with.  Which is worth it if you actually want to participate in all the stuff they offer, but who really does that while they are in vegas?
2	I had asked local people in Vegas on where they would go for buffet, they said Luxor's More Buffet, from that we opted for the lunch and dinner buffet and what a surprise that both sessions had the same entrees with an addition of cocktail shrimp for the dinner session. The food itself was mediocre and tasteless. The service was great and  they removed the dirty plates and filled our drinks fast. Luxor needs to do a cosmetic upgrade, the dining area looks dingy and dated. I guess I should have known that local people have less standards in food than tourists. Next time I will ask the tourists what buffets they like. Lesson learned.
1	Gross! Was worse than a Golden Corral. Thought I could at least eat salad, but they messed that up too.
2	At least the sweets were good...
2	Went to their weekday dinner, very disappointed. Food quality was poor, totally not worth $20. The shrimp tastes like buy one get one free on sale frozen shrimp in supermarket, some cold dishes were acceptable, fry stuff were not tasty at all, and sushi was average nothing special, no smoked salmon, crab, or any more special dishes. There are much more better choices in Vegas. Also, they led us to a very small table when most of tables were still empty (we were two), which made me feel not well treated.  Bad experience, I won't go again.
2	The night before my dining experience at the Luxor buffet, my friends and I had attended a dinner in the hotel for a buddy's birthday.  The catering was done by the Hotel, set up buffet style, and was absolutely delicious.  Under the impression that the Luxor made delicious food, we decided to try the More buffet.Waking up the next morning was difficult, once we finally got up and got decent, we were starving.  The rest of our party was still asleep, so in a frenzy we landed here.  Boy oh boy.As you can probably tell, I am one broke ass fool, so the $34 dollars to eat all day allured me.  I knew that I would probably be eating three times a day, at a rate of at least 20 dollars a meal, so I'd be saving like twenty bucks.  Win.  Wrong.They had free "mimosas" which tasted like beer and ass, in my expert opinion.  There was a chef making custom omelets, and I will admit that those were pretty good.  They also had tons of bacon, which I aint complaining about.The rest of the food could be described as crispy, at best.  I'm not talking about the good kind of crispy either.  The french toast was hard around the edges.  Since I had, like a genius, purchased the all day pass, I had the pleasure of returning around 3 for dinner.  The enchiladas edges were all stiff and gross, like they'd been there for too long.  I tried some "chow mein" and the noodles just fell apart and were overall nasty.Overall, the food was just not good.  I didn't puke or anything, but it wasn't delicious.  I mean, would you want to eat at a place where someone's review was "I didn't puke or anything"?  It will get the job done (as in remove your hunger pains) but that's about it.  Eat somewhere else, please.
2	I come to Vegas at least once every two months. I love the buffets and the convenience that you get in this city.  However quality os important at the buffet. Of course you get what you pay for. The buffet at Luxur "MORE" is on the lower end of the scale. The food consists mainly of pasta and salads. Very few meet items. One being a hotdog! Waffles and eggs were soggy. No waitresses so if you are out of cream for your coffee you better snatch it from your neighbors. The price of $15.99 for lunch is low enough that you can get full with without complaining but don't look for a dining experience. So far my top two buffets are Mirage and Planet hollywood. They are semi pricy but worth every penny.  Viva Las Vegas ;)
1	In 5 years of coming to LV, this has to be the saddest buffet in LV.  We had enjoyed the Spice World Buffet at Planet Hollywood the morning before but opted to "eat local" Sunday morning.  What a mistake!  I don't know where Ryan T.  ate as there was NO wait service at all. The food and drinks were totally self service.   No half and half for coffee (non dairy creamer only).  An extremely limited selection with powdered scrambled eggs, frozen pastries, no egg white omelets, watered down juices, Eggo waffles, soupy oatmeal and a fruit bar consisting of  tired looking melon evoked a Days Inn free breakfast buffet rather than a $20+ Vegas Sunday brunch.The shrimp looked so old no one in my party dared take anything from the fish area (lox and two kinds of boiled shirmp)  The carvery had a Hormel type ham and a turkey breast evoking Louis Rich, but no one to cut it. It was truly pitiful.  The take away is ask to view the buffet before committing to purchasing and avoid the Luxor MORE as a breakfast option,
2	I had a tough time rating this one.  We purchased the "eat all day" deal for the buffet, which included Sunday brunch and dinner.  This deal included mimosas at brunch and one glass of beer or wine with dinner, which I thought wasn't bad.  The package price for both meals together was very reasonable, especially for Vegas -- the package cost less than dinner at several other places we ate.  I would give brunch 3 stars, and dinner 2 stars.  Lots of good choices for things to eat for breakfast.  Dinner was another story...  They served many of the same dishes at dinner as at brunch!  That's a reason right there not to purchase an "eat all day" package, regardless of the included booze.  Also, the buffet looks like it can handle a much bigger spread (ie more food choices) for dinner, but the choices seemed limited.  Other notes:  Many dessert choices, with a few sugar-free/no sugar added options.  No wait service -- not even for drinks.If you have picky children, More is an okay choice.  Foodie adults should definitely eat elsewhere.
3	As far as Vegas buffets go, this is better than some.  No complaints other than the variety of food really wasn't that deep.  The price was reasonable at $20/dinner.  I drank more chocolate milk than I thought humanly possible.  :-)  The bar closes at 10pm so keep this in mind if you want alcohol with your prime rib.
3	This review is for the weekday all-day ayce deal.  The value (low, low price for unlimited trips) def earned the 3rd star.  Otherwise, the food quality, taste, and selection would have only garnered 2 stars.Breakfast:  I thought it was really cool that they had oatmeal, grits, and malt-o-meal out :) Oldest son enjoyed the sausage patties. Eggs benedict sucked (my husbands exact words) The poached egg was cooked hard (I like mine runny) and the sauce was cold and coagulated. Fruit was really cold, and not as ripe as I would have liked.  Lunch: I enjoyed the wonton soup and the fact that they had red pepper flakes available.  Oldest and youngest loved the dessert bar - especially the chocolate mousse.  Husband found the garlic bread to be light and tasty.  Buffalo macaroni salad seemed to be nothing but pink macaroni salad.  Kids report that the pizza was hard :( And unfortunately someone at all the wontons out of the soup, so after the 1 I got in my first serving, I ate just plain broth for the rest of lunch and most of dinner.  Also, we happened to be eating lunch right when they started changing everything out for dinner, so for a big chunk of time there was even less selection as they pulled items and then took a while to replace them.Dinner:  Selection really did not change very much from lunch.  Cole slaw was tasty :) Husband liked the pork chop quite a bit.Service was pretty good, but we did wish that when we came back wearing our all-day wristbands that we could just walk right in.  Instead, we had to wait in line while everyone else paid for their meal.All in all, good value if you are just looking to fill bellies without having to put much effort into deciding what to eat.  Foodies with $$ to spend should head elsewhere for sure!
3	We did the More buffet at the Luxor on Saturday (brunch).It was a much nicer buffet.  They had a nice selection of both breakfast and lunch items.  The waiters/waitress should check to see how you are doing during the meal though.
3	This buffet is a good deal. It is the cheapest buffet on the strip that still tastes good.  There is a good selection and the buffet is reasonably priced. The lines are long at this buffet so you will want to go early. They have a champagne Sunday brunch that is worth mentioning. It is not exceptional but  you won't be disappointed if you go.
1	Expensive and not very good. Ground beef at taco station looked like cat food and tasted like cardboard. Prime rib was OK and the carrot cake was good. You can do better.
3	Went to this place and got the all day pass for $30. Breakfast was pretty good. They had basic things that you would expect, eggs, bacon, waffles, french toast. We were too late for the omelet bar. Dinner was a little disappointing. Not as many choices as some of the other buffets in the area. For the price though, you could not go wrong. $30 all you can eat for the day is great.
1	For $20 a person I was expecting a large buffet with tons of variety and tasty food, but it was not the case. The food bars were positioned all around the dining area. There were Asian, Mexican, American, desert, etc., but only a handful of bins for each. Most of the food didn't seem appealing or appetizing. The only good thing was the prime rib. It was seasoned well and cooked properly.Considering all the talk about Vegas buffets being over the top, this was not one of them. You can get more variety and tastier food from a hole in the wall buffet place and pay less than half the cost.
3	I love that this place gives you a pass to eat all day. It was a decent good food buffet but it definitely is not your fancy 5 star dining experience.
1	You couldn't pay me to come back here.  The food was below average at best.  I tried everything from Italian, Mexican, Asian, American food.  Everything was sub par and the desert was bad.  I would think if you like home town buffet then this place is for you.  If not, head over to Wynn or Bellagio for their buffet.
1	I wish I had checked yelp before going to this crappy buffet. I understand buffet food in general is not the best but man this place is total crap. They hardly had any variety (even though it was international) and the food was cold. They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no! it was cold WTF??? like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again." So if you're in Vegas save your money and go somewhere else!
5	Buffet is definitely worth the price!  Lunch $16+tax, dinner $20+tax.There are a ton of different options to choose from.  Mexican, Chinese, Japanese rolls, Italian, Greek, salad bar, carving station and not to mention variety of drinks like juices and soft drinks.  The list goes on.  There was a long line last time I was there with one register opened, but they opened 2 more and the line moved a little faster.  It was clean and the dirty plates were taken away quite fast, it was a good experience.
2	Great variety. Quality on food is terrible.
4	I'm also surprised at the 3 star average. While staying at the Luxor a few years ago, this buffet was our go-to meal option, and it did not disappoint!The seafood was the most memorable for me, as I practically gorged myself on the shrimp. it was fresh and delicious! I must have hit up the shrimp offerings every day of the weekend. We loved the champagne brunch!!Decor is old-school Luxor (which I love.) Definitely a fan of this buffet compared to others!
1	This was the worst buffet I've eaten at.  The food was gross and old.  There was nothing special about it.  Skip this place!
3	I ate at this buffet place twice. Dinner and lunch. Although it doesnt  have enough variety, I thought its not bad atj all. Their prime rib at dinner time are pretty juicy and cook really good. Great on selection of food and desserts, great coffee when they make it fresh. Service are pretty ok tloo, never had too many empty plates lying on my table for too long.People actually line up for this buffet and although I would give this place a four star, I just cant because the grumpy hostess that doesnt smile.
2	As buffets go, this one was weak. Hometown Buffet is better than More. Granted, More looks classier than a Hometown Buffet-type restaurant, but the selection is the same, if not lesser, and the food isn't even as good. The nice thing about this buffet is that you can get an all-day pass for More and the buffet at the Excalibur for only $35. The reason that it is so inexpensive is because the selection and food is poor. Of the two, however, this is the better buffet, but that is a reflection on the buffet at the Excalibur, not of the grand quality at More.
3	I like this buffet. It doesn't have a wide, wide selection but it still has great food. The first time I got up to get food I came back with a full plate and two full bowls of salads. Since the price is reasonable I would recommend this place, especially since the place itself is really nice.
1	I wasn't expecting much with a buffet, but food that makes me puke can't be good.I had orange chicken (soggy), spanish rice, fried rice, and some alfredo noodles. The noodles were delicous but I still ended up having to run to the restroom and puke, which is a definite warning sign. I didn't eat here again after that and probably won't. If you insist on a buffet try the one at the Excalibur maybe?
1	My second review of a buffet on the Strip.  I am now able to define the bottom rung of the buffet experience.  Luckily I got the all day pass that was also good at Excalibur, otherwise it all would have been a waste.Literally nothing was good here, and while it LOOKS big on the outside, the selection is awful.  There is a large salad bar though, but salads aren't really my thing...  The meat selection sucks.Pass.
2	Had to try this place for breakfast since casino's in Vegas are supposed to have awesome buffets, right?! Wrong. We went a couple years ago and thought it was adequate enough, but upon this voyage to breakfast my mind definitely changed. Nothing really tasted like anything.Honestly, the selection was redundant. If you like semi-gross bacon (how can bacon be gross!?) sausage and powdered eggs with "chorizo" this place could be Eden. I say "chorizo" because I've had chorizo and that was not chorizo! Biscuits were somewhat stale, gravy was... gravy.... haha. Pretty much says it all!Would be one star, but we got filled up so it can't be that bad right (wrong!)? And the chocolate milk tasted sooooo good! Not that it's great or anything special, but I hadn't had it in so long! Definitely the highlight for this meal though. Just keep in mind the ceiling for this "high"light is pretty low...watch your head... Spend the $15 apiece up in the Luxor cafe instead and you'll get food that's at least marginally tastier!
1	Wish this site had a minus star.  This buffet was terrible.  The food was mediocre, food stations were dirty and not well stocked. The salad bar was the biggest disappointment.   Certainly NOT worth the $20 dinner price.  I would not recommed this to anyone.
2	We got a free meal from the hotel so why not?While I haven't had a number of buffets in Vegas, those that I have had scored higher on the score cards. More The Buffet is the bottom of the wash barrel, worse than bath water. We came in during dinner and upon walking up to the register, was pretty surprised to see the $20 price tag. However, the yellow tinted lighting should have given me a the red flag. None of the food there is memorable, it's a self serve beverage station- I should've ordered alcohol, and we sat across two table that have not been bussed from the moment we arrived to the time we left. Imagine, stacks and stacks of plates with half eaten portions. Bleh.Next time, if there ever is one, I will have to exchange that offer for something more palatable like play credits or show tickets.Note: pay the extra $10 and go to another buffet.
3	We came just as breakfast was ending and lunch was starting. We ended up eating both though since they hadn't cleared away the breakfast completely yet. Everything tasted pretty good and it's not as expensive as some of the other buffets. I thought the eggs benedict tasted a little strange, but I quite liked the waffles.
1	Blech! This is the worst breakfast buffet I have ever had! Golden Corral was a much better buffet at half the price!The biscuits were cold and hard, pancakes had no flavor, bacon was dripping in grease and the eggs were overcooked.It is also self service on the drinks, so the only good part is you don't have to tip! I will never cheat on the Paris breakfast again.
1	HORRIBLE!  do not eat here.  there is no selection, food is below average.  severe dissapointment. the star is for our bus man.  he was so friendly & helpful.
3	I thought it was a nice enough buffet. We got a deal through Southwest that included a free buffet everyday we were staying at any MGM property, and since we were here, we tried it out for breakfast and lunch. It is sort of in the basement, but it's cool.They have a pretty good spread. Breakfast had eggs, burritos, sausage etc, but they also have crepes, biscuits and gravy etc. I was happy with the spread. They keep the salad bar open as well and have a few Greek dishes too.Lunch brings out chicken, noodles, Asian food, pasta and the same Greek food. Overall, it was filling and had enough choices. Definitely glad I tried it, but there are more buffets out there to try.If you're staying at the Luxor, worth trying.
4	I will start out by saying that I have never been to a a dinner buffet at the nicest hotels on the strip. Saying this, I think the Luxor buffet was really good. I am a picky eater and they have options. My family will eat most anything and they love it as well. I have a nut allergy and did not have a problem here, which was rare for a buffet in Vegas. I love this place and find time to eat here every time I go to Vegas. I hope to try another meal besides dinner next time I am there.
2	The Luxor Buffet. Old Country Buffet at twice the price.I was down here for my Dirty 30 with a couple of friends from high school. Part of our Vegas itinerary included a stop at a buffet. My inclination was to go to the Mandalay Bay buffet. I figured that with the Asian influence and theme, there ought to be some pretty palatable food there.However, that wasn't the case. My cheap friends vetoed it and voted for the Luxor.The buffet was very clean and the ambience was nice. Those are the high points. Unfortunately for the Luxor, buffets are all about food and this is where it fell flat. For $20, I expected a pretty decent buffet. Heck, Benihana in Seattle has all you can eat sushi for $15 at lunch. No. Not decent.The Asian food all seemed like a generic "Super Lucky Grand Panda Buffet" that you see in a bad strip mall. Orange chicken? Egg rolls? Check and check. The pizza made Domino's look gourmet. The only food that was reasonably palatable was the Mexican food. If you get dragged to the Luxor, go to that station and fill up.Two stars? Yeah. I didn't get food poisoning and got full. But that's it.
2	So if you would of asked me last year about this place i would have probably given it 4 stars ONLY on the fact you use to get UNLIMITED MIMOSAS during brunch. the food as normal is gross. i hate buffets. i think they are pig troughs. but with a large group i guess they are great.we missed breakfast and so they were in the middle of switching everything out so nothing was really ready or it was left over and cold.i must say i will probably never visit here again.
3	The line at this buffet was non-existent and that was just great.  But upon entering I can understand why.  The buffet was just alright.  But for the price it was a good value.  The buffet was split into different sections that had different types of cuisine, they had Italian, Mexican, Asian, American and I think one or two more.  While this buffet was on the cheaper side there were a couple of things that really stood out.  The prime rib here that I had was quite excellent.  And the cheesecake was one of the best cheesecakes that I have ever had.  When in Las Vegas and looking for a buffet for a cheap price this will be high up on the list.  Good food for the price, no line, and that cheesecake have made me a fan.
2	So here I go, once again, back to remember my horrible anniversary trip (to make it worse, my 1st wedding anniversary). My husband planned this trip, and he was so incredibly thoughtful. I hate the Luxor with a passion. I can't say that their buffet left me feeling any different....We had VIP passes for the buffet for both Friday and Saturday, which were included in our package. My husband was in an electric wheelchair, so naturally we needed to be in the VIP/handicap entrance. The lady that was running this line gave us a look and then exclaimed, "Get in the other line please!" Well, hey there! I shortly exclaimed back, "We have VIP passes and my husbands in a wheelchair!" Didn't expect this to happen, but the lady pretty much was incredibly sorry that she had said that to us, I mean, she didn't even get a good look at us so she really had no idea. And besides, we do know how to read signs, and the sign clearly explained that that line was for VIP guests and handicap only. Word.I feel bad for anyone that has to wait in the long line for regular people. This place has always been jam packed and I've dined at this buffet more than once prior to my most recent visit. I have stood in that line as well, it sucks. Especially when you're anticiapting all the yumminess (in my case, anticipating the tacos) that is to come. I give credit to the hostess there, she really wanted to accomodate my husband since he was in a wheelchair. He pulled his sciatic nerve and so she was sure to sit us right by the buffet so that we could a) have a place to park the wheelchair and b) the walk wasn't excrutiating for him. I give plus points for that and for being kind and talkative while on the way to showing us our seats.Not happy with the food here. ::hangs my head:: Maybe I've been spoiled when it comes to buffets, I don't know. The buffet that I experienced while on the Mariner of the Seas, Royal Caribbean cruise might have spoiled me rotten. For the amount you have to pay just to dine here ONCE, I'd hope that the food would have been much, much better. Everything here was pretty generic, nothing special or spectacular. Sadly, my tacos that I had been craving really were just meh, I actually started craving the salad bar at Sizzler because they have fantastic tacos there. What can I say, I love tacos :)This buffet is not vegetarian friendly unless you want to spend all that money to eat a salad and maybe a slice of cheese pizza, FYI pizza tastes uncooked and meh also. My husband said that had this not been included in our package, he would have wanted our money back considering this was less than enjoyable for him considering he had little to no option.They have pretty much all kinds of cuisine here though, all meh. Greek, Mexican, Italian...you name it, they have it....wait....just kidding...no vegetarian option (sorry, had to mention that again) I gave in and tried the sushi eventhough it looked nowhere near fresh. It really wasn't all that bad actually, I just thought they should have maybe refreshed the sushi after 30 minutes of sitting out on an ice platter. All soups are chicken or beef broth based too, even their vegetable soup...sigh. Oh yeah, buffet closes at 10 pm too. We arrived at the hotel at 9, took us an hour to get checked in and situated. Friday buffet pass lost. You'd think given this is Vegas that it would be 24 hours or opened late!All in all, not too thrilled with this place for dining. You're better off hitting one of those restaurants off the strip or another restaurant inside one of the better casinos.
1	Recently, received $25 certificate to go to the Luxor MORE buffet....Ok...well...all I can say is this was terrible. Beyond terrible. Not just to Vegas standards,  but to any standard. I would have been disappointed if I had spent $4.95 for his buffet in the middle of North Dakota (no offense North Dakota). I would like to give this minus stars.My wife and I both felt the same way and went to IN-n-Out Burger after the failed attempt to find food at the buffet.I will say the Prime Rib was okay...but nothing to return for. TERRIBLE TERRIBLE AND TERRIBLE. Take a smell at the top of the stairs before you enter, that weird smell is the best part of the buffet.
2	Omlet bar lacks ALWAYS CONSTRUCTION going on in this joint. A new addition is the get your own drink station, I like that but that hurts the people working there since there is nobody to tip now. DID I MENTION THERE IS ALWAYS CONSTRUCTION THERE?
3	Despite not-so-great reviews, my husband and I decided to get lunch ($16/person) here the first day of our honeymoon. Now, we are definitely not food snobs, but we do love eating and appreciate good food. We couldn't understand why this place got such bad reviews. I mean, it wasn't the best food I've ever eaten, but we've been to many, many much worse buffets.The salad bar section was definitely the best part. They had a wonderful greek selection, with tabbouleh and couscous salads (both were delicious and well-made) and hummus and babaganoush. The other assorted salads were also great; the husband loved the potato-artichoke thing. The other foods were also good, though not up to the same standards as the salads. The orange chicken and Mongolian beef were great, but the pizza and pot stickers were on the stale side. The dessert bar had a nice selection, with tons of little dessert shots. So cute! The tiramisu was amazing, the Oreo cheesecake and pistachio creme brulee were also favorites. Here's a tip: forget the dinky dessert plates and grab a dinner-sized one to load up with desserts. Yeah, we probably looked like piggies, but we were able to sample just about every one of the little shots, which was fun!Anyway, I'm sure there are better buffets in Vegas. However, if you want to stuff yourself with some pretty good food for a good price, this is your place.
1	You know a buffet is bad when you don't leave full.  The food here wasn't as bad as prison food (though my wife makes that comparison) I do think it was comparable to low grade cafeteria food.  Very low quality and made it extremely difficult to gorge yourself :)  The line for the buffet made me think we would be getting something awesome, but it wasn't.  Instead it turned out just to be a long wait for crappy food.On top of that we went right at the cusp of breakfast and lunch.  Now most buffets would keep some of the breakfast stuff out at least until noon.  I had the luck of waiting in line for the breakfast stuff and then just as I got the front of the buffet, they decided to consolidate all the breakfast stuff to the OTHER side of the room, so I had to wait in line again.  And of course by the time I got to the front, everything was almost gone anyway.  Annoying!  And the lunch buffet itself was just as disappointing.  I highly don't recommend this place.  Go to the Paris Buffet instead
4	The food was decent & all.But this review is about the CHEESECAKE!Best cheesecake I have ever tasted. I have dreams and how I long to eat this deliciousness fluffiness once more! Came here 'cause I was touring my friends in LA back in Sep 2011, so why not go to Vegas.After we checked in at Luxor we were so hungry, so our original plan was to go to one of the Buffet of Buffets and purchase the 24 hr pass.Unfortunately we were too tired to go anywhere and settled with what was closest to us. Unlike the 24 hr buffet from Buffet of Buffets, if you buy a day pass at Luxor (& Excalibur) the time does not go to the following day. Which was pretty lame. But being tired as we were we went ahead and purchased dinner.So the four of us ate to our hearts content. With little to no space left, we headed over to the desserts section.Picked some fancy looking cakes, sat down, and this is where the magic begins.I do not know how to begin to describe the wonders of the cheesecake.Even though we were so stuffed, the cheesecake was just amazing. So fluffy, so creamy, full of awesomeness of taste. I've had italian, french, mexican, chinese, japanese, american etc style of cheesecakes this one is on top of them all! Cheesecake factory has nothing on these.They were so simple yet so wonderful.You can get them with strawberries and jelly on top or just plain.But wow, not something I was expecting. A truly life-changing surprise!I can only hope that when I go again, they did not make any changes.
4	This review is for the breakfast buffet. We ate here twice because we liked it so much. Both times were very good. The lines can start getting long around 9 am but if you arrive early enough, before 8:30 am, you can beat the rush. GOOD: The scrambled eggs and Spanish omelets were both good. The breakfast meats were also good, consisting of bacon, sausage links and sausage patties. They have real sliced home fried potatoes. Cheese blintzes were a bonus. Apple crepes were ok. I also like the self serve juice bar and coffee. It beats waiting on a server to bring you your beverage and hope they got it right. Biscuits and gravy were good one day, bad the next.BAD: One day the biscuits were fresh, the next day they were hard as a rock. Even gravy could not save them. They placed breakfast meats in line just before the omelet station. People waiting in line for omelets to be made end up blocking the breakfast meats in. They really need to redesign the buffet line food placement to avoid this.For the price, breakfast here can't be beat. This will be our regular breakfast stop.
2	This breakfeast here sucks, don't waste your $16 here to eat
2	This is a pretty lackluster buffet.  I remember it being good but that was probably over 10 years ago.  A lot can change in 10 years.The only positive is that it is cheaper than the other buffets, I think $15.99 per person and there isn't too much of a line.There was a basic selection of breakfast items, bacon, sausage, omelettes, eggs, etc.  There aren't any signature items and there isn't anything "MORE" about it.  The food tasted old like it had  been sitting for a while.With all the buffet options in town, this one can definitely be skipped.
1	Had the regular lunch buffet. Nothing really stuck out to me at this buffet. Maybe I'm a little biased for giving this place one star because I'm really not a fan of buffets, but it also really wasn't a very good one too. My friend and I pretty much settled for this place, so we both wouldn't recommend it.I think my favorite part was the drink buffet, nothing special but its nice having the choices literally right in front of you.
2	We purchased the full day buffet special for $32 because we though it would be amazing food at a great price. While it was a good deal, the food was disappointingly average. The lunch and dinner menu were the exact same two days in a row, which got boring really fast.  Lastly, there was a Mexican section [enchiladas, beans, rice...], a Chinese, section [orange chicken, rice, egg rolls...], and an Italian section [spaghetti, meatballs...] with food that looked and tasted like something from Denny's. I recommend you only eat at the buffet once, probably breakfast.Also, the dessert buffet was alright; apple pie, frozen yogurt, cheesecake, brownie bites, mousse pie, stuff bought from the store. This buffet is one step above the buffet at the  "Exacalibur," ...and that isn't saying much.
1	OMG what is this crap?!! Excuse my ruthlessness when it comes to reviewing this buffet...........but I think it's the worse food I've ever had.....come on Luxor...you gotta do better than that! So I got 2 complimentary lunch buffet at the hotel we stayed at and the choices were Aria, Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Monte Carlo, Excalibur, Mirage and MGM Grand...We were getting lunch pretty late around 3pm...we wanted to try Aria or Mandalay Bay but we walked to both and they were closed for lunch already and I didn't feel like walking back to Mirage, MGM or Monte Carlo and I was starving by the time we reached Luxor/Excalibur/Mandalay Bay so we decided maybe Luxor was the better choice than Excalibur. Well I don't know how the buffet is at Excalibur but omg barely anything was edible at this buffet....they served some crappy Mexican dishes...the tamale was super dry, there weren't many selections either....the pasta was undercooked....and they had Chinese food that was like from the $1 chinese express restaurants. Horrible!Okay so the only thing I actually liked was their Creme Brulee.....but that was the only decent dessert they had...the rest of the desserts looked pretty unappetizing  =/  I should have filled up with the creme brulee...instead I gulped down the food that was on my plate just so I didn't have to waste it....-_-"I'm so glad it was complimentary because if I had to pay $16 for this crap...I would be demanding for a refund! haha and yes I know it was only $16 dollars....you pay for what you get...cause most good buffets are at least $25 and up...but gah....it shouldn't be this horrid under $20 either. -_-"So needless to say I would not come back here ever.!!!!!
3	I don't know about you but I thought it was A-ok! We went for dinner which is $20.00 (we received a military discount that made it $18.00) There are lots of selections that include American, Asian, Italian, Mexican, salad's, breads, and my favorite Sushi!  The sushi goes quick so be prepared to possibly have to go back up to grab some if none is available right away.  The dessert selection is also preety awesome.  Not bad at all for the price and quality of food.
2	Having gone to the Studio B, Bellagio, and Rio's buffets, I would say: Spend the extra money. The ambiance is good, but the food is so-so. Not many choices in terms of meat, especially during lunch. The fruits weren't that fresh. Not one of the better buffets on the strip (the only one I can think of that's worse is Excalibur)
2	The lunch buffet made everyone in my party sick, and the food was only okay. However, they did had amazing steam pork buns (that's all that matters, right?). You also have to get your own drinks from the buffet, which is an alright idea because of the usual slow service at buffets. There are draw backs to that though, because it's more work than you really think it is until you try it.
3	Wow! Lots of one and two star reviews. I agree this is not the best buffet in terms of variety and perhaps quality to a certain extent but for its price I would consider that the food here was A-OK.Well, I can't speak for breakfast or dinner but we ate here for lunch. My partners-in-crime and I were able to have a military discount which knocked off about three dollars off of our meal. Make sure you ask and let the hostess know that you're military or else she won't honor it.Not much of a variety compared to other hotel buffets that I have been to. Average food here, but not as bad as many of the other reviewers are making it out to be. To me, you get what you pay for and you should have known what you were getting yourself into for its lower end price (by Vegas standards at least). The price for lunch was about $16.00.My favorite was the BBQ pulled pork and the alfredo pasta. The oreo cheesecake was delicious as well. The food was not terrible and I would consider eating here again. The good outweight the bad overall.
3	This place has fallen off drastically.  Don't do the all day pass since it isn't worth it.  They serve the same food for all meals. The only plus is that it isn't as popular as before so lines are short.
3	I ate here on a late morning/early afternoon before heading out.  The food was good for the most part and it had an "ok" selection of food.  It had the usual Vegas buffet staples of salad, fruit, aisian, desserts, ice cream, etc.  I didn't have anything that I fell in love with, yet I didn't have anything that I brought to the table that I didn't eat either.  My buffet was complimentary with my room so I didn't pay and it was satisfying for the 'price,' yet if you want a great buffet, I would suggest going elsewhere (Rio and Ceaser's are at the top of my list).
2	MORE = LESS!  With a name like MORE, isn't it supposed to be MORE?  The downstairs/lower-level area at the hotel makes a HUGE area of buffet dining.  But with the center area of salads, and fruits, and breads, then about 4 stations of various drink machines, and then the hot food area/service line...you'll quickly realize the items have been duplicated two to four times throughout....making it one of the slimmest selections at a buffet I've ever been to.  Quality is just 'okay', with sub-par bakery goods.Unless you have a free buffet coupon, I would look elsewhere.
2	2.5 starsThe only reason to eat at the Luxor buffet is the convenience and that's why I was there for 3 meals in one day in early December.  A ballroom competition that I was in was at the Luxor, so eating at the buffet was an easy way to get food at all hours without worrying about a wait.  Everything self serve (it felt like a big cafeteria) including the drinks and there's a limited variety of food.  The desserts were uninspiring and they didn't have cookies.  But the plus is that you can get an all day wristband for $32.
3	The food here was okay. They had a great variety and the deserts were yummy!
1	Disapointment! Honestly can't say anything good about the place. The food was bad, even for a buffet. Most of the juice machines where down. Fruit wasn't ripe. How do mess up fried chicken and mashed potatoes. On top of all that, most of the ladels had food on them so my hands were left sticky and gross. On top of that, it was over priced.
4	Budget buffet.  Use coupon or discount to make it even cheaper.  (Lunch) Lots of cold dish choices such as salads.  Not as many hot dish choices.  No crab legs, lobster, and orange pork instead of orange chicken.  If you have a choice of a complimentary buffet, Don't pick Luxor over Aria... come on.
2	I patronized this buffet the last time I stayed at Luxor about three years ago and I remember it being at least adequate for brunch.  However, I believe that I must have still been intoxicated from the previous night and that influenced my opinion at that time.  I was back in Vegas about a month ago and tried it again for breakfast.  This place is awful.  I made the mistake of traveling to the Wynn and eating at their brunch buffet the previous day.  There is absolutely no comparison. All that being said this is a cheaper alternative to other buffets on the Strip.  You sort of get what you pay for here.  If you enjoy waffles with a rubber like consistency,  wet runny scrambled eggs, and a pitiful fruit/salad bar then "More" is yours! If you want quality take the trip up to the Wynn, Bellagio, or Caesars
1	I recently stayed at the Luxor on a trip to Vegas.  I was pleasantly surprised by how nice the hotel was that I expected a lot better from the buffet.I did not see much I liked at the buffet.  Out of the stuff I did pick out, it was cold and tasteless.I love desserts, so despite my disappointing dinner experience, I was looking forward to dessert, hoping it would be better.The desserts weren't really any better.  I had a brownie that was okay, but other than that, it was just as disappointing as my dinner.The Luxor needs to step up its game with the buffet.
1	Horrible!!! Everything dried and hot food is cold too. I never had a  this kind a buffet in my life.. I'm still eating now. Cause I'm hungry...... whoops
1	Ha!, someone beat me to "'More' should be called 'Less'", and it's no better a name than the previous "Pharoah's Pheces".  Starving farm cats would walk away from the fish-labeled material that could be used to keep cotton sweaters safe from moths.  The prime rib could be used for knock-off Hong Kong Coach purses or for a lower-quality line of leather products it was so tough and dry.  Luxor at least could start a line of Egyptian-themed dog rawhide chews with the "prime rib" from "More-bid".  The morbid, morose "More" chicken legs were not quite as moist as the turkey Chevy Chase cut into for Christmas Vacation.  If you didn't know drosophila melanogaster was the scientific name for fruit flies you will become an expert entomologist on the little suckers at the morbid, morose "More".  Those aren't black sesame seeds on your dessert.  Opt-in and consume the comparably yummy & authentic African dung beetles and opt-out for eating "More".Yes, I did notify the Filipina waitress my wife was chatting with in Tagalog of the issues and they were not new.
1	Awful.It goes to show, don't ignore Yelp reviews! I went in having read the reviews, but thinking "How bad could it be really?"...well...pretty bad to be honest.We went for the breakfast sitting of the buffet, it's hard to do breakfast wrong, but well this was pretty gross.The food quality was poor. We'd waited in a fairly long line and it was clear people had come in for the breakfast sitting but at 11am they stopped breakfast, closed the omelette station despite the long line and apparent demand for breakfast.The staff were very friendly and attentive, but the lack of variety and poor food quality garners the low rating - especially in a city known for its buffets.I felt bad for going on about how amazing Vegas buffets were to my boyfriend and then this to be his first experience of one. Luckily this was made up for with a later visit to Wicked Spoon in the Cosmopolitan.Save your money and avoid More at the Luxor. If it's the convenience factor (we were staying at the Luxor) you're better off buying an overpriced muffin and Starbucks coffee, it'll be a lot more enjoyable!
2	Thank goodness that they have no limits on the amount of Ranch dressing you can use at this buffet. Mama always said that Ranch dressing makes anything taste good. Unfortunately, it only serves to bring the food at MORE up to palatable status. I have certain expectations of all buffet food... low expectations. So it's usually not difficult to exceed them. MORE was LESS than my lowest expectations.I expected at least crab legs and prime rib. They had prime rib at a carving station, but no crab legs. Isn't there some Nevada law against buffets failing to have crab legs? The food seemed like it had been sitting out longer than usual, although it was busy. I tried a small salad with Ranch dressing. The lettuce acted like it had been frozen at some point. The shrimp was a touch soggy, and the cocktail sauce tasted like it had been stretched with ketchup. The turkey was ok, along with boiled potatoes, but the cranberry sauce was crunchy in places. The Ranch dressing helped with the turkey, but not the cranberry sauce.I wanted to try the desserts and report on those, but we'd wasted 20 minutes in line waiting for a table. That pushed us almost late for the Criss Angel show, so I didn't have time for dessert. Plus, I didn't think Ranch dressing would be too good on a cheesecake.
2	We went for breakfast and it was okay, edible I suppose. Especially considering we were up all night partying. Everything we got was cold, especially the eggs. I did like they had different breakfast sauasages. We got the $32 pass to eat here and at excalibur buffet all day. Great deal even if you only going to eat there 2 times that day.
3	Great salad bar..I have never seen so many salad options! It was wonderful!
1	I went during breakfast hours to this travesty of a buffet.  The food at Shoney's or Ponderosa is way, way better than this crop.  I only liked the beverages.  Cold food, nasty eggs, strange-tasting sausages, stale breads, and overripe fruit are the norm at this waste of time and money.At least the staff are attentive and kind.
3	We ate here for breakfast twice and dinner once.  It was pretty cheap for strip buffets. The food was decent, the atmosphere was good it was a decent time. The food was good, and you can get your own drinks which can be a pro.  It wasn't super fancy, but sometimes that's a good thing.
1	Awful for lunch.... essentially a half-step away from cafeteria food.  Selections were sparse, and what was out was lukewarm at best.  No carving station, and no fresh fruit except for some apples and unripe bananas.  The only thing that saved it at all was the dessert station...  and that was just because it was in comparison to the sub-par food around it.  Yes, you can eat all you want for around $17... but if the food is so bad you don't want to eat it, it's not much of a bargain!
1	Variety is lacking. Many items are quite bland. And not the cleanest buffet either. Highlights include the SLIDERS w/CHS SAUCE yummy! The CHOCOLATE MOUSSE is a petite serving of chocolatey goodness. There is also a S'MORES dessert that is warm and delicious. Other than that, Mexican sta is sub par and Asian station is a travesty. Seems like the place skimps on pricier meat options. This place is not worth a dime unfortunately.
2	Hmm I guess most people are rating Luxor Buffet on a scale against all the other amazing buffets on the Vegas Strip... and I can see where they're coming from. But in all honesty, the food selection is not bad, the service is really courteous, not too much I can complain about. However, our choice to eat here was of mere convenience and no more than that. If we weren't staying at the Luxor, I highly doubt we would have chosen this buffet to eat at. They would seriously need to up their game to compete against the other buffets along the strip, but considering it still survives means that they must offer something people still come for.
1	Buffet dinner selection is limited. The Chinese section is not edible. BBQ pork tastes like jerky. Only thing descent is the dessert selections. Not worth the money.
3	not too bad actually. i thought it was a little pricey for a breakfast at 16.99. but, they had some good stuff. they had all kinds of american breakfast faire including the ubiqutous omelet station. they also had some special salads section that had caprese and asian slaw. nice change of pace after eating bacon and cornbeef hash the first round. some old dude passed out twice here while trying to make it to the bathroom. he ended up throwing up all his food. poor old guy. i was fine, i stopped eating after that obviously. just saying.
1	We were staying at the hotel so went to check out the buffet around 11 am. I've been going to Vegas for decades, so I've hit some buffets, but Luxor's ties with Circus Circus for the worst in the city. It's awful.To start with, many of the stations were empty, so they're charging people when it looks like 1/4 of the selections are missing. And what is there is just boring, like a school lunch.  But then the food that is suppose to be hot, like pasta, is barely warm. And tasteless. There were three of us and each of us was taking a bite of something and saying, "Don't bother with this." The one thing I found that was tasty and the proper temperature was the couscous.If you respect your palate at all,  don't even consider this buffet. Go to M, Bellagio, Spice Market or the Main St downtown.
3	On a positive note, this buffet did have A LOT of choices! More than other buffet places.On a negative note, it wasn't the best buffet I've ever had. I might even have to say that the Golden Corral might just have been a little bit better.I mean, it's a buffet, what do you expect? Fine dining? No! I'd say, check it out but don't expect it to be AMAZING. I went at around 8:30 pm? It was crowded, but not too crowded. Seating was nice, the area is nice. Kids might like it! Just wanted the food to be better. So, it was just overall OK. :)
3	No, it's not MGM or Mandalay Bay. It is a good buffet for the money. The lunch buffet had a lot of good options. They have Middle Eastern, Asian, Mexican, Italian and American standards. For $35 you can get three buffets in a day. I wouldn't suggest it, but you could!
2	Just a fair buffet ... Nothing special.
4	I'm the worst person to bring to a buffet. I eat one tiny plate and that's it. I like More, bc they had a sammich station and alot of options. Oh and a chocolate milk machine. I may have only gotten a baked potato but it was bomb and I defiantly drank $17 worth of chocolate milk.  They don't have any seafood or carving station at lunch but they do have fried chicken and tamales so I think that makes up for it. Pop in if you're in the mood for a quick yummy bite.
2	The food is pretty bland, although there is a decent variety.  I'm not sure how they could make food that is worse than Golden Corral or even Ponderosa.  Please do yourself a favor, travel a littler further, and spend a little more money to go to a better buffet.
1	Terrible! Worse buffet I have ever been too. would not go back. Very disappointing. Most of the food choices were empty trays, no one spoke english, just an awful place.
3	A buffet is a buffet:With that being said, people should not arrive at any buffet with high expectations and delusions of fancy dining. What I enjoyed the most about this particular buffet was the vast array of options available. From American classics, to Indian dishes, there was something for every palate.The Italian food was not too great, however. The  tomato sauce used in the spaghetti and meatballs and lasagna dish was bland and watery. What I did enjoy was the dessert section! The cookies were moist and fresh-tasting, as were the little brownie bites.
2	The $22 all you can eat dinner at More Buffet was not the worth the $22. You will get better buffet at IHOP!
5	It was perfect for brunch! (and we did the champagne brunch which was an awesome way to start the day off) There were a TON of selections. While buffet food is not always my thing because it is never really the most fresh--It was good and since there was so many different things to try, all of the picky eaters I was with were able to satisfy themselves! As with the rest of our Lux experience the service was really excellent. Very attentive and polite! right now they have deals that you can eat all day at both lux and excalibur for pretty cheap--worth checking out if you are hanging out at those hotels!
3	I had fun here while I was in search of an inexpensive brunch before the long drive home. Great variety of dishes. One step up from the hometown buffet/golden corral type buffets.
3	It was an ok experience.  Each time I have came here, the staff takes a long time for drinks which makes it kind of a drag to eat there.  The price is decent.  Food quality is ok.  Some of the stuff seemed like its been sitting out.Don't eat their sushi.  I had a bad stomache ache after eating the sushi there twice. I probably would go there again.
4	This is a vegetarian's lunch review.They have Asian, Italian, American, Greek, and Mexican foods, a number of fruits, salad bar, sandwich bar, and a number of drinks.  They have SO MANY options that I think anyone could find something tasty.I liked the salads, and the Mexican/Greek sections were good.  The Asian section had veggie eggrolls, but they seemed to be mostly cabbage inside.  The fried rice was comparable to Panda Express etc.  I didn't eat American or Italian.  They had 3 kinds of soup (one unlabeled, two chicken noodle, one egg drop).The dessert is great (10-15 types including flan, cheesecakes, creme brulee, danishes, soft serve, mousse, bread pudding...).My biggest complaint is that half of the foods are mislabeled or unlabeled.  Most of the time this just meant that the beef said "chicken" and the chicken said "beef", and they were right next to each other.  I remember one of the soups wasn't labeled (and unidentifiable), and crepes were called "monkey bread".  Also, they had little blintzes labeled "eggs benedict".If you have allergies, I would be worried about eating here, because of the lack of naming-finesse.Oh also, every single line is different (i.e., they DON'T have two identical salad lines), so make sure you look everywhere for food.
3	we were in vegas and had another day and half the night before we caught a red eye flight back home. we stayed at the mgm and had an issue with the air conditioner in the room. when the maintenance man came up i asked him for a reasonable priced buffet that had good food  he said to check out the luxor and Excalibur you get a whole day of buffet for one price. we went on our last day and hit up Excalibur for breakfast which was very good eggs pancakes so much to choose from.  we had the all day thing and filled up on a huge breakfast and skipped lunch. for dinner we went to the luxor to try them out the food was ok choices were limited. the only veggie option was corn on the cob. i am big on veggies with my meal and the lack of them was disappointing. they had way to many beef choices and limited chicken choices. the bread basket was empty both times i went up and there were hardly anyone in  there eating. the plus side was the deserts they had so much to choose from the cream puffs were out of this world the mouse cups so yummy and the cakes you just have to have the desert there.if i had known that the luxors dinner choices were limited i would have gone back to Excalibur on the way to luxor we saw the buffet at Excalibur and it look like more food options
1	Convenience brought us to this buffet, two weeks ago on vacation.   Let's just say from this point on I'm going to call it "THE BUFFET THAT TIME FORGOT."  Sure, it looked like nice food ... but it was completely tasteless.  Seriously!  Devoid of any flavor whatsoever!  It's a sad thing when you pay $17 and the most flavorful thing you experience is the bowl full of watermelon chunks.  I remember a time, many years ago, when the Luxor was a pretty decent buffet for the price.  Those days are gone.  Spend a few extra dollars are go somewhere else.
4	Alrighty then. As a general rule I always eat at a buffet in Vegas. I was stayed at the Excalibur and they were just a drag so instead of eating at their buffet I came to this one at the Luxor instead. I was really impressed by the decor. That is a big think for me when coming to a themed place in Vegas. They went all out here. We came for lunch and they had a decent selection of food. They had American, Mexican, Italian, Asian, etc. Very typical of a Vegas buffet. They had a large salad and fruit section and an area to make sandwiches should you want to. Some of the food was great while some of it sucked but I don't expect to like everything I try at a buffet so it was no biggie. They had a big enough selection of food and plenty of things I wanted to try to make up for the things I did not like. Their dessert selection was nothing short of awesome. Very overwhelmingly filled with tasty treats to try. The only thing I did not like was their flan. It was flavorless but their creme brulee was to die for. The prices were very typical for a Vegas buffet. You get your own drinks which I like alot because you do not have to wait around for anyone. They have sodas from the fountain, juices, and milk. The busboys collecting the plates were very nice and I liked the customer service there. Overall I would say I had a very enjoyable experience here and I will return to this buffet when I stay at the Luxor. If I stay elsewhere I will eat at their buffet because that is how I try to play it.
4	Loved it! More please indeed. One cannot go to Vegas without hitting up at least one buffet while there. My wife and I had heard bad things about our hotel's buffet (Excalibur), but wanted to try Luxor's buffet. It was great!!!! The prices were fair considering the quantity and quality of food at your fingertips. They had everything you could want: American, Italian, Asian, Mexican, Salads, Comfort, etc and an extensive drink and dessert area complete with FULL bar. Now I can just hear people complaining about the price... yes, if you get just one plate of food, it's not worth the $17 for lunch you would pay. That's why you go to a buffet when you are HUNGRY and can eat a couple plates over a decent length of time, dumbass! My favorites were the fried chicken, pizza, carnitas tacos, and the desserts were... to... die... for! I will for sure be returning to More, The Buffet at Luxor on my next trip to Vegas.
1	I guess my original one-word review ("Disgusting.") wasn't quite elaborate enough, so let me be more specific about my experience here this past Sunday (10/7/12): We made our decision to go here based off of their website which of course made their buffet look AMAZING and the price was right for our group ($17) but after paying the fare I couldn't even find $17 worth of food that was edible. My husband got a slice of pizza, took a bite and the dough was completely RAW. Disgusting. I ended up having fruit and juice and a random dessert. When we were ready to leave I approached the hostess just to give her some feedback about how horrible the food was and she already knew! She nodded her head and without saying a word, she waved down the manager who offered my money back. If a place knows their food is THAT bad, and willingly gives you your money back, shouldn't that place just CLOSE? Why is it even open? Also, one of my friends ended up throwing up his food in the middle of eating. Yeah. It was that bad. Never ever ever again!
2	It's OK if you are staying there but I wouldn't go out of my way. Bellagio is much better. Heck, a Golden Coral is better and cheaper!
2	Overpriced food that was only a step above something like a Golden Corral. Actually, I would prefer to eat at Golden Corral considering, quality and price. We went to the dinner buffet prior to seeing Chris Angel's show Believe. It was something like $20 per person and the food was just ok. The show was just ok on that note! :) Not worth $20 at all. They have the expected and much anticipated by most snow crab legs but they were salty and about as good as your local Chinese buffet. The steamed shrimp was the highlight of my meal anyway. That was good. There was a good selection of food but the quality wasn't that good. The recipes were average, nothing special. I won't be back the next time I am in Vegas.Definitely worth an extra $5 per person to eat at a buffet like the Bellagio. Very worth the extra cash.
1	We paid I believe $15 per person for breakfast. I barely found anything to put on my plate and whatever I did find, i didn't enjoy it. Breakfast is supposed to plentiful and amazing food! Didn't find either of those here. I would suggest paying a little more and going somewhere nicer with a lot more food, I mean it IS a BUFFET! Kids pay $12.
1	My fiance and I went to the Bodies exhibit at the Luxor. We planned to then go over to The Wicked Spoon in the Cosmopolitan for dinner, as it was highly recommended. However, we felt we might be pressed for time, so we decided to stay at the Luxor and go to More instead. HUGE mistake! The buffet is way overpriced and the food is not even Golden Corral level. The Teryaki salmon was dry as chalk and I stopped at one bite. My fiance found her breadsticks stale and her wine cheap tasting. We were kicking ourselves the rest of our vacation for not taking our frends' advice. Avoid More at all costs!!
1	I experienced the Luxor Buffet back in September with my boyfriend and his parents visiting from England. We went for an early lunch and really it was just to get his parents in the same hotel as the Titanic Exhibit.The Luxor buffet reminded me of the scene in National Lampoon's Vegas Vacation when the Cousin Eddie takes Walt to the buffet = "I'll have the blue stuff." Nothing was blue, but there was definitely a lot of mystery meat in sauce. I really struggled to find food that looked appetizing and mostly stuck with bruised fruit and pizza. This buffet was terrible. The whole situation was made worse, since we had eaten at the Aria Buffet the day before. Naturally, we had not expected the Luxor to be on par with the Aria, but the difference was staggering.I would not eat here again.
3	I did breakfast a couple of times on my last Vegas trip since I was staying at the Luxor, pretty descent buffet by Vegas standards. They have a lot to choose from, and most of everything I tried was good. All of the servers were really nice and they keep this place really clean.
1	We purchased the all day pass that allows you to eat at the Luxor and Excalibur buffets all day. I've always heard about how amazing the buffets in Vegas were, and this was our first trip. Good god. We only ate breakfast and lunch. We skipped dinner. Breakfast we ate at the Luxor. They had all of your standard fare, including terrible coffee and soggy eggs. The bacon was ok, but you could have soaked a blanket with the grease. It was probably 2 stars. Lunch we started at Luxor; we filled our plates and started eating. Everything was so overwhelmingly terrible that we decided to just leave our plates full and walk over to Excalibur, hoping theirs would be better. It wasn't.First, the Luxor. The best thing I tasted was the pasta salad, though I could tell that some of the ingredients were on the verge of spoilage.  The lasagna still haunts me, as it was a soggy, noodley, sickly sweet mess. It tasted like someone layered chef boyardee ravioli, then boiled the hell out of it. Ugh. The Excalibur was somehow worse. I tried their pizza, their pork loin, the fried chicken, and their 'asain' chicken wings. The pizza was somewhat akin to Little Caesars, but think 3 day old Little Caesars heated up in a hot car. I haven't yet decided if the pork loin was tougher or drier, but I was unaware that science had advanced to the point where all taste and enjoyment could be removed from a pork product. Think pork loin cooked by a Rabbi. The fried chicken was a thigh, with literally 3/4" of breading on the top. The bottom of the chicken was wet; not greasy, wet. And miraculously, the chicken itself was dry and overcooked. I have never had chicken this bad. ...until I tried the wings. I love wings. But these... the skin was soft and soggy, like they had cooked them in a warm bathtub. The sauce was terrible. It had a flavor somewhat akin to soy sauce, but whatever they were mixing it was remarkably off putting. After this experience, we decided to simply accept our loss on the buffet 'deal', and go to a restaurant for dinner.  I would recommend this deal to anyone who kind of likes Golden Corral, but is off put by their fancy standards.
1	Simply put, the food at this buffet is disgusting. Trust me, if I could give a 0 star score, I would.
1	Awful buffet. Was here for lunch today and the food was all fried and disgusting! They even messed up mac and cheese. (They don't even use decent fake cheese)!!!!!Booths are annoying and uncomfortable. Overall, it may be cheap but spend a little more for a higher quality buffet.
1	The worst buffet ever! I paid $17 for lunch for nothing! Mongolian beef was just salty, fish was under cooked. They only have three kinds of fruits. Their menus are so limited. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone!
1	This place is a HUGE waste of space in the basement of the Luxor. All the warm food was cold and the cold food warm. Save your appetite and your money for something better.
1	I normally don't write reviews,  but this buffet is a waste of money. The only decent thing was that the server was efficient at removing the half full plates of disgusting food from our table. For $22 + tax I suggest avoiding this buffet as if your life depended on it. Big disappointment indeed.
1	You know the buffet is bad when the best option is to make a ham sandwich and you still can't eat it.
1	I can't even begin to write about how disgusting this buffet was! It's really too bad because I do like the Luxor, but this buffet fails on every level.I was there for the breakfast buffet and though the counter of offerings looks plentiful, most were just repeats. There are no fresh prepared stations, no omelets, no eggs, nothing, everything precooked and none of it looked appetizing. I looked for bagels and cream cheese, maybe a coffee? Well the one bagel I found nearly cracked my tooth and the coffee was sewer water. In fact I could argue hat the coffee at dunkin donuts is better. We walked out without eating anything at all.
1	Zero stars for this one please... We wasted our money for a salty place. I mean the sushi is not fresh and everything else taste like it's not newly cooked. I'm sorry Luxor. Your hotel is nice, service is good but you need to work on your food. Nasty!
2	Dinner Buffet was very limited.  What they did have was good, but who ever heard of a dinner Buffer without fried chicken or baked potatoes?  Salad bar was weak.  Breakfast Buffet was much better with French toast, 3 types of scrambled eggs, 3 types of sausage, pancakes, waffles.  Breakfast - Yes.  Dinner - No.
3	This was a no frills cheap buffet, with surprisingly decent food and quality.  You wont find anything special here but it was better than eating in the food court. Prices are pretty low as well.
3	It's not terrible, but its certainly not good. It's a bit pricey but its Vegas, and most people who come to the Luxor have money to burn. When I went, I bought an all day pass (just a wristband) for $35. This just meant I could come any time that day and eat as much as I want.Honestly? After the first time of stuffing myself for breakfast, I ate little to nothing when I went for dinner. It's not worth it to get it if you don't think you can eat multiple times throughout the day, in my opinion. The food isn't amazing, but it is convenient if you're staying at the Luxor.There's different foods that they classify as Mexican, American, Asian, etc. They also have a lot of desserts and soft serve ice cream. A salad bar (which I never visited). What can you expect from a buffet? That's really all there is to it! It's a typical buffet that I could've done without. I didn't hate it, but I didn't love it. If I had a choice, I wouldn't choose to go here again and I definitely would not get an all day wrist band again. I recommend it for anyone who just wants convenience, and knows that this is just typical buffet food.
1	Most limited buffet I have ever seen for breakfast.  no strawberry, blueberry, etc.Orange juice horrible,go to dennys or ihop instead.
1	This is a TOTAL waste of money. Thank god ours was comped and even then the food was horrible. If I had paid 16 bucks a person for breakfast I would have definitely requested a refund!
1	We went for brunch on a Saturday (@10a). It was so bad!! It was cheap so we didn't expect too much. But, the food was cold by the time we got back to our seats, and were close to the Buffett.Cold eggs, cold waffles, cold syrup and cold over cooked bacon. The hummus was good. I ended up eating salad and hummus for brunch. Too bad!
2	@ Lunch Buffet on a weekdayDesserts and salads were the only thing that was worth rating and they can get  2.5 starsAmerican+Asian+Mexican+Italian food.Not the place to try the "Buffet in Vegas"... not worth it...I know its a less pricey one, but they can be different than look like a Hometown buffet or something of that sort
2	This review is only for the BREAKFAST.For $16, in a competitive environment like Las Vegas and especially within the Hotel Casinos, this place "More: The Buffet @ The Luxor" is sub-par to their peers in many aspects.The price seems high for what you get, at least that's my opinion for the Breakfast selection.  That's what I'd imagine paying for a lunch, and/or for something with greater quantity of more diverse selection and better quality too.The variety seems limited, very limited for a buffet.  They had for breakfast, from what I remember, only a few food stations including:  Fresh Omelet / Scramble Grill with a Chef, but otherwise just steam trays of:  Corned Beef Hash, Waffles, Pancakes, Apple Crepes, Cheese Crepes, PORK Based Meats (Bacon and Sausages), Eggs, Toast and some pastries, breads and fruit.  So, if you're Jewish or Muslim and can't eat the swine, know that there's not much selections other than their pork based breakfast meats.If gambling income in a hotel subsidizes meals, this set-up should either be complimentary to those who gamble or are hotel guests, or cost no more than $5.99 to bring people in.The food quality wasn't bad, it was edible, and as I like to say in a cliched way, "I wouldn't throw her outta bed" - - so, can't complain that it didn't do the trick to fulfill the ultimate goal of feeding an appetite.  The rating I'm giving this is more based on "in comparison to both what's available in the area and what you can get or that same price elsewhere nearby" so, if I were to make a suggestion, I'd say they need to improve to keep up with the competition in other hotel casinos.It's located in a lower level, and had a line to wait in (not sure how many patrons were 1st time visitors as opposed to repeat visiting fans, i'd guess all were newbies) that went by fast to get seated.The drinks are self service, as of course the buffet food is, so it does the job as far as being a fast way to get fed and get in and out quickly.For those who are coming to the Luxor, the self-parking is not connected to the Hotel / Casino, so it's a tad off-site, where you have to walk outside a little bit and a short distance, but for those who that's an issue for, be warned or go to the Valet.
1	Even if I was one of those Ethiopian kids on infomercials, you know, those little dudes with fat tummies and flies circling about, I wouldn't eat here. I firmly believe the executive chef at More is devoid of taste buds. There can be no other explanation for why everything is flavorless. Why hell, even I know you can make anything tasty with an assload of salt and butter. Not this chef.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        How exactly does one fuck-up prime rib, or for that matter, white cake?I didn't think that was possible until now. Anyway, I had the good fortune of gracing their trough recently, the result of an invitation to a wedding / reception.MORE does have a bar located at the west end of the building which helps make the food tolerable. If you go, notwithstanding this review, I strongly urge you to smoke or drink something so potent, you're 'seeing things' prior to your binge. I now know why the Roman Empire had vomitoriums located adjacent to the feasting halls.History came into focus after eating here.
2	This place is reminiscent of Home Town Buffet with slightly wider variety at twice the price. As full disclosure, we were there on a Monday evening about an hour before closing. There were not any standout dishes that I just had to have more of. A surprising number of dishes were not that hot and slightly coagulated. We had free passes from a time share presentation otherwise we definitely would not have eaten there. Also, the name...More...really? Should have stuck with Pharaoh's Feast.
1	Bland, underseasoned, overcooked food. Bad selection. Not even close to worth the price of admission.
5	Excellent! I had both breakfast and dinner here. For breakfast , I suggest heading immediately for the fresh omelette station. Cooked fresh and made to order. For dinner, there was a fresh pasta station , again cooked fresh and made to order. Coffee is strong and service is friendly
2	This place gets 2 stars, because it is a step up from the Excalibur buffet.  The Excalibur buffet sadly only gets 1 star.  At the Luxor buffet, everything is self served.  From the drinks, to the food, to everything in between.  The staff just takes away your plates.  Do not expect anything fancy here.  You will not see food items that you see at the Wicked Spoon Buffet or the Bellagio Buffet.  You get what you pay for.  I got an all day pass to be used at the Luxor buffet or the Excalibur buffet for free courtesy of MyVegas rewards.  My favorite thing that they had here would probably be the mini chimichangas or the cheesecake.  Yes, it was actually pretty good.  As for the other food, don't expect much.  :DUpdate:  My friends and I came here for dinner.  They actually had shrimp and sliced crab legs.  I was not brave enough to try and though.  One of my friends ended up with a stomach ache.  But, I think Excalibur is to blame from that stomach ache, not the Luxor.  Some people say to always try things at least once.  I agree, and eating at the Luxor buffet has been checked off my bucket list.  I will not be returning here again though.
2	Tried lunch and dinner, June 2013The salad bar is good, but everything else....well you gotta be one of those people that pretty much likes all food.  It was very cold inside to where by the time we got back to our table our food was cold. I doubt I would go back.
3	The juices and coffee were decent, the food was OK but nothing too great. I did enjoy my egg white omelette and the muffins near the desert looked excellent but I was already full at that point =) I found the grits to be watery and overall it's just a standard buffet. I prefer the Pyramid Cafe upstairs.
2	More is not exactly it but when your hungry eat like a beast.  I was so hungry that i came here but it was okay.  You pay what you eat for it. My favorites were the shrimps and crab legs.  :)
2	Let me preface this by saying I got the all day buffet for free, and normally it runs $38. And free food always tastes anywhere from 2-2.5x better than food you pay for. Our first day in Vegas we hit up the Studio B Buffet at the M Resort, so needless to say More at Luxor was a step down...literally because the place is located in the basement of the Luxor. That said, it is easily the best food I've ever eaten inside of a basement. If you stick to the normal food here, it's hard to find much to complain about. First we had the breakfast buffet and the sausage, eggs, bacon, and omelette bar were solid and great for filling up to start the day. There were only two things on the breakfast buffet that were so bad I couldn't swallow a bite: the biscuits and gravy, and the sausage and egg "burrito." I don't know what was inside of that so-called burrito, but it damn sure wasn't anything I would ever use at home. The biscuits and gravy was more bland than disgusting, and after a night of downing straight shots of tequila with no problem, it should say a lot that I didn't have the courage to take more than one bite of their hard biscuit or nasty gravy. For dinner, it's pretty much standard Hometown Buffet or Golden Corrall food. Nothing here is going to blow you away like you would find at Wicked Spoon or Studio B, but  there are a few tasty items to be tried. First, the Buffalo Shrimp are pretty amazing. I've never had Buffalo Shrimp but I had to have eaten 2 plates of the shrimp alone. Second, the carved turkey was very good and paired with the mashed potatoes and gravy, I have to say was surprisingly Thanksgiving-like. So definitely some decent food for dinner to be had but there were more than a few duds. The pizza - Imagine if Digiorno came out with a new pizza called "Flavorless." That's More's pizza in a nutshell. The crust and texture were Digiorno, but the sauce and everything else tasted like moist paper towels. The Chicken - I don't know how you fuck up chicken because it has to be up there with scrambled eggs on the list of "The Most Impossible Foods to Ruin" but More manages to do a great job at doing a poor job preparing chicken. Tons of fat, no flavor, gooey texture, etc. It tasted the way I would imagine chewing on a human kidney would be. So all in all, More is great if you can get it at a discount and stick to basic foods offered in order to recharge your batteries and get something in your stomach. However, if you're spending the full $26 to get int he buffet, I would suggest the extra $14 at Wicked Spoon or heading down the road to Flamingo's Paradise Buffet for the same price.
2	Honesty, I would want to give this place 1 star...but the Excalibur buffet is worse...which automatically bumps this place up to two stars....but let me tell you....it a VERY low 2 stars. NOTHING was exciting about this buffet. I do feel like I need to provide at least one positive thing, however the only positive thing I can think of is the seating arrangement. The seating is arranged so that it is not so "Cafeteria style". IDK if thats so much of a positive but that is the best I could do. The food is bland, not seasoned well. Plain boring "Comforter food". Waaaaaaaay over priced for the food they provide. I paid $38 for the all you can eat day pass, but will NEVER do that again. It is NOT a deal if you don't like the food and don't eat it. I tried a little bit of everything (My buffet ritual) But I literally took one bite and put it down and moved to the next. I honestly don't remember taking more than one bite of anything. It was gross.  I went to McDonald's an hour later and had the best meal I had that day. And I don't even eat McDonald's. Ok so perhaps I'm being a little harsh....but to be honest, you can pay that same exact price to eat at the Wicked Spoon (BEST BUFFET ON THE STRIP, Don't believe yelp it)  anyways like I was saying, you can pay the same price, and eat like a Queen or King until you are stuffed!! And you still will want to eat because EVERYTHING is so tasty, you'll be so stuffed you won't need to eat for the rest of the day. ( At least that is what happened to me on several occasions) There fore, you are pretty much paying the same price for the days worth of food, but with a better experience. \But bottom line, even if I were to get a free pass for this buffet, I would probably try to sell it to a foolish person for $5, take that and go put it in a slot machine. I wouldn't eat this food again if it were free, now, if I were starving...maybe...but then again,  it's Vegas...no such thing as starving....so nope...won't be eating here again EVER. BLAH
2	Heard good things about this 7 continent variety buffet at Luxor. For the price I'm sure there are better places to eat. The food was just ok. No real service to speak of since it is a buffet and we had minimal contact other than being taken to our table. No welcome, no explanation of their different areas of food represented. I get it is Vegas, but not everyone is a return visitor. You have people visiting from all over the world and asking if you've been here before and if they say no, then give a quick run down. I truly feel if they had greeters engage more with quests and give a brief run down of the food variety that is available.Again food isn't bad but they are a little pricey for the bland food with no customer service.It was clean and there is lots of seating.
2	Awful. Simply awful.   Food is cold, table and floor are dirty at all times, sad part I heard the floor  supervisor/manager comment to the food warmer (because food is bought premade, not cooked fresh) everything looks good.  Line pans were half empty and rice's was so dried out from sitting there on the line for what must have been hours and food was cold. $35 for two meals and all I could manage to choke down was one meal, save your money and go to Outback across the street or any other established restaurant. But on the positive note, the prim rib was excellent
1	One star for the soda and clean bathroom...but are you kidding me...this place brought back memories of school and their "hot lunches". Very disappointing for 22 bucks each. Stomachs were upset all night. Time to revamp Luxor!
2	It's not bad, but it's not great. It's like a step or two higher than Excalibur's buffet.The good:There was edible food. Somewhere.The food that was out was okay, nothing stood out as yum, but nothing stood out as blegh. I guess that's what we're all aiming for these days.The bad:They ran out of nearly everything. Keep in mind, I was there at the beginning of dinner and that really shouldn't be a problem. I felt like the ceiling was going to just fall down. And why the hell is it so gloomy and dark in there? I get it, we're in a pyramid, but I'm trying to eat, not feel uncomfortable.They sat us right next to the kitchen door, even though there were plenty of tables and we asked to be seated elsewhere.Still, you're better than Excalibur. Give yourself a high five!
3	We went there for breakfast. The reviews weren't making me too excited, but actually, not bad at all. Very good variety, but the food quality was about average for a Vegas buffet. A bit expensive but you're on the strip, so you pay for that. Typically cheezy luxor decor.
1	This place gets more and more disappointing. My husband, myself, and two of our friends decided to eat here our first night in Vegas. $22 a person. All you can eat. $22 a person and the food is complete shit. For $22 I could have eaten somewhere else and had better food and it wouldn't have been all you can eat. I had a feeling I'd be adorning the porcelain throne later that night and I was completely right. One of our friends spent the next morning throwing it all up. My husband, who is a vegetarian, didn't have many options but when he saw the mac and cheese he got excited. There's nothing exciting about eating tasteless, chewy mac and cheese. The corn was soggy and tasted like it had been sitting out for 6 hours. Another friend had some steak which she said was so bad she never wants to eat there again. It's 4:00 the next day and I'm still paying for it. Ugh. Yuck yuck yuck!
1	We had a couple of meals in the More Buffet while we stayed at the Lux. My hubby has a stomach of steel so the food did not bother him as much as it did me. What can I say it was just yucky low grade buffet food. The best thing I had there was an apple off the buffet.
1	Ugh. So gross! They hardly had a selection and advertised "champagne brunch" but when you get there it's $7 a mimosa and $21 for a bottle- which would have been nice to know, but the bartender let me buy a single glass and didn't even suggest the alternative!?! Crab legs are AWFUL!!! I hope I don't get food poisoning later.
5	We are here right now. We just ate so much food. Shrimp, crab legs, oysters, flank steak, fried chicken, barbecue pork ribs, really good pound cake, a large variety of desserts. We didn't know where to begin. Food was great and the place wasn't overcrowded, which I expected on the holiday weekend. Best dinner of the weekend.
5	I really enjoyed the Buffet. There was plenty of food and not a big line. Cheap as well. They had a deal, eat two meals for 30 some dollars. Not bad.
3	I was excited to find a moderatley priced buffet and this one, along with the Excalibur one, had a deal where you could eat at both all day for only $35. We tried this one for breakfast. I thought the food was good and there was a good variety. Since we got there close to the switch between breakfast and lunch I saw there was also a good lunch variety. We were so full from the morning that we decided to do a late lunch/early dinner during their dinner hours but I was disappointed with the variety of food. The little that was available was good though. And they had crab legs, shrimp and sushi. This buffet was miles better than Exaclibur though.
1	This place sucks!!!!! Food is horrible and wayyyyy over priced. Fast food taste better.
1	Don't go unless it's free or a comp.  Unless you like frozen convenience food baked fresh for you, this isn't a real restaurant.  I went because of the 30 foot salad bar that they supposedly had.  Yes, it could have been 30 foot station, but that doesn't mean they have 30 feet of salad bar offerings.  The day I went, there was fresh spinach and fresh lettuce, dressings and toppings, and a make your own sandwich offering.  This occupied about 5 feet. Why brag about a 30 foot build out with only 5 feet worth of fresh food?  FYI-I went for lunch.
1	We arrived in Vegas on 9/22/13 with a group of friends, long story short our room was not what we needed (we needed handicapp room) they changed our room 3 times til they got it right and our consulation prize was a $50 comp to More Buffet, me being excited not having to pay alot for dinner I jumped on it and called my siblings to join us.  Well it's $22/pp, when I was told that I had to get my own drinks that was my first thought of THIS SUCKS!!!  As I started going through the food area I was sooooooo disappointed - I AM IN VEGAS ARE YOU KIDDING ME!  The food was so so, not very happy with the types of food and/or the taste of the food.  No wonder they gave me a free comp to this place.  Do yourself a favor - do not, I repeat - DO NOT waste your money.
2	2-stars. Honestly for $18 (lunch) buffet on the strip it pretty much met my expectations.None of the food was spectacular, some was better than others. Orange Chicken was pretty good, the taco bar was decent as well. The pizza was pretty meh, but they did have some great desserts. Woudn't be my top choice for lunch, though I'd consider it for breakfast (since I paid more for breakfast at the pyramid cafe for a plate of eggs, hasbrowns and bacon).
3	Had two comps from MyVegas for lunch, and the food was pretty good.  Not gourmet by any standard, but filling, and didn't have to go to the bathroom afterwards, unlike previous years.  If you're really into buffets, and just want something no frills and just enough to tide you over until dinner, it'll do.  I just couldn't imagine paying $17 for lunch here.  The plus was the beverage selection and the desserts.
1	This is NOT food.I'm vegan, so this place had scant options.  I ate hummus the three times we went; breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Even it was lumpy.What little else I could eat consisted primarily of various low-quality salads, including some spinach I had seen at breakfast and finally lacked an alternative and had to eat at dinner.  My friend and I literally farted our way around the Luxor for that day and the next.If your strategy at slots is to move between machines with great regularity, you'll find the fuel at More Buffet to amply supply you with enough Methane to force your hand.  I'm pretty sure that I smelled the emanations of a few fellow gamblers who had gone, the results are rather unmistakeable.So go to More Buffet.  Then have a tee-shirt made: I was poisoned at More Buffet and all I got was this lousy tee-shirt.Or join the team and chant a new mantra with me: "No way More Buffet!  You're not gunna make me fart today!"Oye Ve!
1	I read Yelp about this, but still I went.  I was a prisoner to Luxor.  How bad can it be?!DISGUSTING DISGUSTING DISGUSTING DISGUSTING DISGUSTINGYou have been warned.  There is a reason why you can't see the food until after you pay!  The manager refunded me and you could tell he's done this countless times.  He seemed defeated.Run!  Run far away!
4	I honestly don't know what these 1&2 star people are complaining about. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. This isn't a $27.00 per plate buffet, so don't come here expecting steak and lobster. If you want a good quality meal then this is a great quick buffet option. The Food: Fresh, hot and tasty. Vegetarian Options: WAY more than your usual Vegas buffet. Try the lasagna :) The Desserts: Typical M-Life items. I loved the s'mores bread pudding and the heath bar cheesecake. Salad Bar: Impressive. They had a full build your own salad and about 10 pre-mixed salads to choice from. Bar: Great prices and options. I had a mimosa. Service: The server collected our plates probably three different times and waved goodbye to us. He seemed very friendly and nice. There were TWO wedding parties here. I personally wouldn't want to remember my wedding reception at a buffet, but to each their own. I have been to all of the M-life buffets, the Rio buffet, the Wynn, the Cosmo, the Station casinos, the Palms and the Treasure Island buffet. I would rate this buffet as a step up from the Palms buffet and middle of the road for the M-life buffets. We have a platinum M-Life card so there was no wait for us. I would definitely go back.
2	Reasonably priced breakfast buffet however, the buffet out of all hotel buffets on the strip is considered in my opinion as I'd say lower quality compared to for example the Mandalay bay. Food kinda blows and if you want breakfast here, you better come early to snag a table otherwise you'll be waiting forever.
4	This isn't an expensive buffet you will find at other casinos, but it is good with good food. Plenty of seating and enough room to get around without tripping over other diners.
1	If you've been following my recent review rampage, you'll see that I've been extremely generous in doling out 5 or 4 star reviews. But let this be the combo breaker I've been waiting for in months.It all started with a random meet up with my friends, we've been planning to go to Vegas for tomorrow morning. Our schedules left us doing nothing that night, so we all unanimously agreed with a simple "F*ck it" and took the trip that night. I still think back on that weekend, it was one of the best vegas trips of my life.My lowest point was the morning of, we woke up and decided to get a breakfast brunch. We stayed at the Luxor, and considering the temperature outside was between "Melting your face" and "Heat Stroke time", we didn't want to travel far. We got to the buffet and it was surprisingly empty. We got our table, overpaid our buffet meals because it was a hallmark holiday *Mother's Day* and tried out the food. The food was pretty bad. Yeah there you go, I give great detail into the background about how we got there more than the food. I mean what do you expect from me? The food sucked, pasta was bland, the international foods were crap, the desserts were ok, and the ham was awful. Why do I have to mention the ham? Because there was no meat left, and I kept telling my friends that the ham sucks so bad they loved it and turned it into a little inside joke. They keep wanting me to "Try the ham" at every restaurant we go because of it. Go here if you lost money from gambling so you can feel like twice the sucker.
1	HORRIBLE!! The chicken tastes like its from a banquet TV dinner!! Do not waste your money like we wasted ours!
4	I'm not sure why a lot of people are hating but this buffet was pretty good in my opinion. There was a great selection of different food to choose from. You had everything from pasta, to pizza to seafood. I enjoyed the crab legs so much that I went back for seconds and thirds. If I stay at the Luxor again I would definitely eat there.
5	Loved this buffet.  They have sooo many things to eat: Italian, American, Asian, Mexican, International...  Excellent price for being on the Strip.  Dessert was also yummy.  I would reccomend this buffet.
2	Its not bad if you aren't expecting much. You will leave with a full belly, but its not the best buffet for the money. The buffet at the Excalibur is much better for the money.
1	This is absolutely abysmal. I'm sitting at the table trying to figure out how to get my money back...
2	Had the breakfast buffet twice while here.  Stayed at Mandaly.  First time was to try it out.  Then I wound up w a Luxor dining comp I didn't use and it was time to leave so needed something easy and went back.  hoping it would be better the second time around.  it wasn't.  Not bad buffet for the price, just not great.  Granted, I only did breakfast.  But Manadaly Bay and Main St Station were the  other two breakfast buffets i did while in town and they were way better.  Even the Stratosphere breakfast buffet last time I came to Vegas beat this.
3	Not bad.One star: Impressive lay out. Two stars: The clams were awesome. Three stars: Quick to pick up dirty dishes at the table. Hubby had the prime rib and he thought it was decent. One star deducted because they were stingy with the cut of prime rib (I could almost see through his slice. Just saying)One star deducted: THEIR "CREME BRULEE" IS LIKE CREME BRULEE ON DOWNERS! Gross and disappointing! Do NOT be fooled. Ugh.
1	This place is great if your goal is diabetes and weight gain but if you are looking for healthy or tasty food this buffet is not for you.Breakfast was $14 for powdered eggs, greasy bacon, pancakes with syrup... TV diner food.McDonald's is better. That's how bad this place was.
1	It's OK for the price but quality isn't great.
1	If you looked up the word "crap" in the dictionary then the Luxor Buffet would be listed as one of the synonyms....along with rotten onions, half smoked cigars from a 90 year old, and belly button lint.  Seriously...this was the worst meal I have ever eaten in Vegas.  It is my own fault.  I planned a trip to Vegas and did not even care about food.  For some reason I didn't think they served horrible food in Vegas.  Wrong.  If you want great food then try restaurants (IE: Eiffel Tower, Bartolotta, Mon Ami Gabi, Bouchon, Spago, Nobu).  If you are not in the mood for restaurants and want a buffet then go for Buchannel at Caesar's or the Buffet at Bellagio.  Also, the seafood buffet is not bad at the Rio.Whatever you do...please do not visit the Luxor Buffet.  I think they take all of the stuff that is thrown down Criss Angel's garbage disposal and recook it with grease and fake sugar.  Somehow there are tons of people there too!  I think it is a big practical joke and the punchline is 5 years away. Luxor reps will get on TV and say "ha!  We tried to make the worst buffet imaginable and people still ate..we didn't expect that, but it was all a joke.  The real buffet is in another room."Seriously...stay away.
4	There's something for everyone here. I find that most of the 1 and 2 star reviews are filled with nothing but negativity... If you're looking for exotic cuisine, stuff Gordon Ramsay would actually compliment, this isn't the place for you, and I don think they are trying to be. The food is fresh and the people are friendly. I'm not an exotic foodie so this place is A-OK by me. It's pricey for just coming in for one meal; but they have a $35 all day pass that would get you into here and the Excalibur buffet as many times as you want all day - if you are staying in the vicinity all day it's a good bargain to prepay for all of your meals. I take all of the bad reviews with a grain of salt. I've worked in the service industry for 10+ years... Everyone can't please everyone - there is nothing egregiously bad about this buffet.
1	Terrible food! After a long day's drive we stopped here for the buffet. Huge mistake. The food was tasteless and some had been sitting for what looked like hours. It looked like it was going to be a wonderful variety however it was all pretty much inedible. The best part of dinner was the cheesecake (which was a frozen one I'm sure.)
1	This is the worst restaurant ive ever ate at. Nothing is edible. Well done ny strip roast. Cold food. No flavor. No smiles, except from the lady who sat us, but we were sat at an occupied table apparantley when we came back with food people were sitting there. The creme brulee didnt have torched sugar on top. I took a few bites, left hungry, and ended up sick to my stomach! If I could give it zero stars I would have....
2	Only giving it two stars because we got a comp for it. Otherwise I might have given it one. We went for lunch and there were not very many offerings set out. We could hardly find anything we wanted to eat. What we did try was very non-remarkable. Had a couple of decent desserts but as far as the food, BLAH.
2	Let me start off by saying that the food itself is not terrible. It's not great either..like another reviewer mentioned Hometown Buffet is better than this place. What's IS terrible is the fact that these people are charging $22 a person for food that is not worth that price. They have crab legs so you'd figure you make up the money by stuffing your face with them but honestly the crab legs there are a JOKE. They're skinny little twiggy looking things and they're served cold. The chow mein was really weird because it was made with fettuccine noodles and didn't taste authentic at all. The fried rice was terribly overcooked. I've cooked better prime rib than the one offered here.There's just really no way that you're gonna eat anywhere near $22 worth of food. They didn't really have a variety of foods when I went either. They had many types of salads which were okay. The deserts are also okay but nothing spectacular. I liked that they had real fruit juices available by the fountain drink area. Next time I'll spend more money and head over to the Bacchanal.
3	The food here is like any other buffet. Most of it was okay, some was good, and some was awful. But what I really appreciated was that they had several options for vegetarians, including bruschetta, greek salad, tabbouleh, couscous, etc. My trip to the salad bar was easily my favorite plate, although they were sadly lacking in options for my actual salad (no mushrooms, olives, etc.).This may not be the best buffet in Vegas, but it's one of the better ones for vegetarians and the most affordable.
1	We came to this place on our first night in Vegas. Originally we were supposed to hit up the seafood buffet at the Rio, but we ended up going to this buffet that night. In all honesty, I was craving McDonald's that night lol, but the hubby said I was crazy and talked me into trying the buffet. I'm not much of a fan of buffets just because I don't know how long the food has been sitting out for, if its at the right temperature, especially because I've seen people stick their bare hand in the food versus using the tongs or serving spoons. We paid $50 for the both of us and I was like ok... lets see what this place has to offer. I browsed around just to see if anything looked appetizing. My first round, I got a slice of pizza, a piece of white lasagna and a slice of some sort of roast beef. It was all GROSS!!! The pizza was so dry and cold that I didn't even swallow it, the actual pasta in the lasagna wasn't cooked all the way and was still hard and the roast beef was dry and disgusting!! Then I decided to try the crab legs (since they're my fav!!). I was sad to see they were cut in half and looked pretty crappy. I tried them anyway and was totally disappointed. I ended up saying screw it, time for dessert. I got a slice of cheese cake and some frozen yogurt with fruit. GROSS GROSS GROSS!!!!! It was a shame we had to pay so much for such crappy food. Hometown Buffet is better (and I hate HTB) I mean we did go kind of late so I don't know if the food was the last batch of the day and we just happened to get the left overs or if its just bad food period. You would think the hostess would at least say its close to closing time and they're not going to be bringing out fresh food before going in. But I guess when you're desperate for business, you forget about being courteous to your customers. As we left, I tell my Hubs, "I told you we should've gone to McDonalds...."Always read reviews before trying a new place and wasting your money folks!!!
1	The food, while bland, wasn't bad. The end result, however, was the 1-star-o-matic for this. I'll grant that the buffet here is cheap (especially compared to LVH's), but there honestly didn't feel like that many decent food selections. The ice tea sucked but whatever. I WAS just going to write it off as another 2-star, but then came the gas. So. Much. Gas. And it all hit me when I was on the casino floor, so thank God I was able to get to a bathroom, lest they need to drop air freshening bombs as a result. I had more gas than a Chevron station! Part of me thought it could have been something else, but after reading another review complaining about gas, I know that More is the guilty party. To think the Luxor (Which in itself is a nice place) was on my bucket list. Still, I shall not venture anywhere with a buffet that causes nuclear digestive explosions, and neither should you.
4	Have gone here every time I have come to Vegas. Italian was great and I liked the albondigas soup.  Orange juice was not that good and no Dr. Pepper lol.  Will come back again.
3	Pretty typical Vegas buffet. Lots of options and variety. A bit on the pricey side. They offer a day pass that allows you to go multiple times throughout the day which actually saves money if you eat all your meals there.
1	I went here for lunch.  I was hungry and ready to eat.  I noticed that there was no line to this place.  That should have been my first sign.  I never leave a tip when I pay.  I want to see how the service is first.  Well, I never saw a waiter.  Glad I didn't leave a tip.  I served my own drink, got my own napkins and refilled my own drink.  The food sucked.  This is the worst food I have ever had in Vegas.  There was no selection, it was cold and it was horrible.  NEVER EAT HERE!!!
1	Don't go for Breakfast! It's like a cheap Continental breakfast from a motel that has been sitting out and getting hard. You will get a better quality breakfast from the Pyramid cafe, which is on the casino floor.  The manager was nice enough to give us a refund and admitted that the variety for breakfast was very limited. Basically eggs, bacon and sausage & old pancakes.
1	Food bland and cold.  Pastries and breads were tough....as if they were stale.  Limited items, not much to pick from.  Buffet design stations are apart from each other, confusing.VEry disappointing for the price.  I didn't enjoy my breakfast buffet....left hungry and irritated.  The ambience is also a bit trashy, not what I expected from the Luxor.This place is so underwhelming, boring, and just about useless....NEVER EVER going back to More Buffet at Luxor.  If I could give it ZERO STARS I WOULD!!!Please be warned, not worth your visit while in VEGAS, so many other better locations!
4	Had read so many of the poor reviews.  So I didn't really expect to like the buffet at all.  I came and used a 2 free buffet from My Vegas.  We got there right at the end of breakfast and from what I read in these reviews I may not have liked their breakfast.  What I saw as they were changing things out didn't do anything for me. (the breakfast food, not the lunch) But I didn't eat breakfast, I had the lunch menu and it was pretty good.  Nothing tasted odd of off.  Everything was tasty and yes I would even go back again.
1	Hometown Buffet is horrible, but this buffet is even worse. Food was gross, cold and way over priced. The absolute worst part was as we finished our meal we saw a lady clearing and wiping dirty tables. She then took the dirty rag she used to wipe the table, and use that same dirty rag to wipe silverware for the table for the next guests to use. Complained to Luxor and they seem to care less, not even willing to comp us for the money we spent on a meal we ate with forks wiped from a dirty rag. Go to McDonalds, go anywhere else other than here.
1	OMG, was this buffet horrible!
1	This place is over rated too, got here for dinner, not a lot of variety, not worth it! The only thing good there was the Pepsi and juices. Wouldn't come here again.
2	2.5 stars actually. We went to Luxor lunch buffet on our 1st anniversary trip to Vegas. There was almost an hour long line. The ambiance inside was pretty good. But not many food choices comparatively. But price was low, when you compare with other big casino buffets
2	Would you like some coffee with your meal? Orange juice? Hot chocolate? Soft drinks? You need to go get it yourself wayyyyyy overrrrrrrr thereeee. Keep going, you'll see the sign. Drinks are self-serve city here. No problem. I'll tip myself and use it in the slots. At least they still clear your plates.I went here for breakfast. They have all the generic breakfast choices and I mean generic. I have all this stuff inside my freezer at home. I didn't expect Bellagio but I did expect more than Dennys. They ran out of bacon. Even the bar was closed. It was 10.30AM. It's Vegas. I want my beer. Don't hate.
2	Ate here because we had buy one get one free, so it cost $23 for two including soft drinks. Barely worth that much. Food was all bland and the hot food was generally cold. There was a pretty good selection of food, drinks and desserts along with a friendly staff. That along with the desserts being pretty good raised my one star to two. If you get a deal on the cost and are looking for quantity over quality, this might be an option for you. However, with as many places to eat in Vegas, I recommend finding a better spot.
1	For being on the Strip, and holding up a reputation, the price was comparable but the quality was just not.... there. There wasn't much to choose from.... no salad toppings for salads, incomplete good stations, lots of empty slots and not even chicken in the chicken fajitas pan. I checked. Twice. If you want GOOD quality, try Bayside Buffet in Mandalay Bay.  This food was bland, sad and not very tasty. The best two items I found were the grapefruit juice from the drinking stations and the Heath Bar cheesecake. But.... it just isn't worth the money.
3	Ouch - 2 stars seems a bit harsh.We had the buffet at the Luxor on the last day of our trip for convenience as we would be leaving right after lunch.Breakfast was probably the weakest showing, with limited options and underwhelming execution.  All the standards were available: Eggs, meats, breads, potatoes, pancakes, etc.  But nothing was awesome.  I'm a big biscuits and gravy guy, so when the biscuits were small and dry and the gravy didn't have much flavor, I was bummed.  Coffee was good though :)Lunch was a bit of redemption.  Much wider variety:  Mexican, Asian, Pasta, Greek, American, etc.  Nearly everything I tried from the lunch buffet was tasty.  I specifically recall the vegetable spring rolls being really good.  The star may have been the dessert - Chocolate Molten Lava "cake", which was basically a pan of chocolate cake, fudge filling, graham crackers, and marshmallow.  You can't beat the value and if you're looking to stick close to the Luxor, you could probably do much worse.
1	The food was mediocre. Not much customer service. But after eating lunch there on 5/18, my whole family got food poisoning. I wouldn't recommend eating here. Go somewhere else. The Bellagio had amazing food!
1	I just had breakfast at More and paid $18 (with tax) and I feel that the Luxor should be ashamed of this place. The selection is incredibly sparse and bland. There are multiple stations with food, but they all have the same items: bacon, biscuits & gravy, breakfast potatoes, etc.. The only edible food available was the fresh fruit, and that's all I could eat after sampling the hot options. $18 for a banana and some melon. This experience has written me off of Las Vegas buffets; thank you More buffet.
1	Not worth it, eat somewhere else. We bought a day pass thinking maybe breakfast was a fluke. It wasn't, and there is one thing I have to say abou this place : GROSS !
4	I feel like I could copy and paste in the Excalibur Buffet I did.. because quite simply.. other than the small middle Eastern food sampling they had, it's exactly the same.I still don't get the two stars.Don't go to a buffet expecting a 5 star restaurant.. and you won't be disappointed. Buffets are buffets. A smorgasbord of different types of foods and drinks to meet any desires and requests..The girlfriend and I came to the Luxor with yet another of the MLife coupon's we had earned on their facebook game MyVegas. 2 for 1 this time.The Luxor and the Excalibur buffets are essentially the same thing. Different set up but we did take the chance to try it all. Sweets, waffles, omelets (which had just too much stuff to choose from), and even the middle Eastern sampling of baba ghnoush and tabbouleh with naan and pita bread.It wasn't anything to write home about.. but it certainly wasn't two stars bad either.
3	This buffet is a good buffet but I just witnessed the waitress drop the silverware on the floor and pick it up and hand it to a customer. On the food side, the Saturday brunch was good. The omelette station had a long line and so I did not wait. The selection of salads abd breakfast items would please most tastes, however, the best part is that they have gluten free cakes, including carrot cake, lemon poppy seed, etc. And they have no sugar added pies, and sugar free desserts. Non fat yogurt too.The coffee is tasty and the tea is decent. I like that you serve yourself with drinks and they have multiple stations for self serving drinks so there is never a line.
2	This isn't one of the best buffets I've had in Vegas, but I play the My Vegas Slots game on my phone and earned enough gold coins to get a buy one get one free pass at the More buffet inside Luxor. My husband and I went during lunch and it was a disappointment. There wasn't that many options so I don't even know why it's even called "More Buffet". I guess I can't really complain because my husband and I only paid $10 each, thanks to my Vegas slots!
4	Wow!  This place only received two stars?  Perhaps everyone was hung over to enjoy it.I didn't think it was all that bad.  The location is nice considering all other buffets in Las Vegas.  Located on the lower level of Luxor, the dining area is SPACIOUS.  The food selection is pretty much like your basic buffet, considering the price.We went on a Monday afternoon for lunch.  There was no waiting and were sat immediately.  The wait staff were very friendly and helpful.  Empty plates were picked up instantaneously.
2	The cashiers and wait staff are very friendly. We were wondering why this was down in the basement.   It's appearance is like a dungeon.I know that many times people make fun of hospital food but this was worse.  The only thing I can tell you that was any good was the salad and mashed potatoes.A lot of food looks like it has been sitting there for a long time. The gravy had a film over the top of it. Staff were standing around most of the food stands and you would think they would at least stir the food.I had the AM and it tasted like paper can like you have been sitting there since yesterday.Sorry but I would not go there again.
2	Formerly Pharoah's Pheast.  Definately spacious dining area.  But the food was just OK.
3	I had really wanted to go to the buffet at Caesar's Palace but had to settle for this one as my boyfriend and I were going to see Criss Angel and didn't have enough time to do both. We were pleasantly surprised at how cheap the dinner was, $22.95 including drinks, compared with other buffets on the strip which get up to $60 and $70. The room itself is a bit tired and looks a little gross but other than that the areas where the food is kept is the same as everywhere else. Pretty standard selection of food- Asian, Mexican, Italian, Seafood etc but nothing stand out and nothing overly impressive. I'm glad it was only $22.95 otherwise I would have been pretty upset at quality of food. Then again, it is a buffet AND we didn't have to stand in line for an hour- win win really.
1	Food is crap as well as the mimosa's they offer in the Brunch. They should have more variety. By the way, where is the milk, coffee, croissants, etc? At least I was hoping to find some of this since I went to the Brunch.I had an omelet and a few sips of the mimosa before run away from this place. It says a lot about how I liked this buffet.For the price you pay you should not have high expectations anyway. The next time I hope to remind to check the reviews beforehand.
3	We ended up here after Titanic and Bodies. It was pretty good for lunch.  Lots of selection but nothing to write home about.  Much better than the circus circus but not as good as Treasure Island.  I did enjoy the privacy and overall quite nature when we went around 2:00pm
1	Food here was pretty awful. Bad texture and it tasted pretty bad.I didn't try the omelet bar so the food there might have been better. Even trying to get in we had to wait in line while the cashier argued with some customers on whether meal was going to be comped.
3	I didn't think it was all that bad really.  The buffet for dinner wasn't anything fancy but everything I ate tasted good and the staff, tho not the most hospitable,  made sure we were seated promptly away from children since it was obvious we didn't have any in our party and made sure there was never a buildup of dirty plates on our table like most buffets seem to like to do. I have them a 3 rating mainly because there wasn't a very large selection of food choices.  I'd come back again tho.
1	This was the worst Buffett I have ever been  to. The sour cream was runny and spoiled..so much so that  it reminded me of seminal fluid expelled from a hobo. The taco shells were broken like my dreams of a good dinner. Nothing was edible and I was given a refund. What's worse is that it was expensive!!! Who would pay for this unless you enjoy punishment ... If that's the case save your money and invest in a domamatrix..it is Vegas after all.
5	MORE? Yeah they need to put MORE food out. Get here at 11:15 and get a little bit if breakfast before the lunch.  You'll be releasing demons between plates. Bye gotta go to the coke factory now.
1	This is the worst buffet that I have ever been to in my entire life. It's worst than Souplantation (way worst, actually), worst than Hometown, and of course ALL the other buffets in Vegas to date.The food is bland, and everything doesn't taste like food. (For example, the eggs taste like they came from a box - made with water, the hot dogs were soggy and gross, even the pizza was old and nasty.) The drinks were watered down. Orange juice tasted like orange-colored water.Desserts existed and looked OK, but when you ate it - they were bland and didn't have any taste. (empty calories).We paid $40 for the two of us -$20 per person. NOT WORTH IT!DON'T GO! There were just so many things wrong with this buffet.
2	The decor is kind of the most interesting part of the whole thing. We came at the tail end of breakfast it's all self served. The food was meh not the best. The reason they got two stars and not one is, I really wanted waffles. They where out but were able to scrounge up a few in the back. To bad they where soggy but they got a star for effort.
3	Had a pilgrimage to Vegas a couple weeks back and my stay at the Luxor yielded a free meal with More Buffet. I showed up during the weekend brunch and I have to say that it was a pretty good spread.  They had a large breakfast selection, decent non-breakfast items, and (most importantly) endless mimosas. How can you go wrong there? The balance of champagne and orange juice was just right, it was great conversation with friends, and it was followed by a wonderful gambling experience. Can't complain when it's free. Really, I can't complain at $19.99. Kudos.
3	We came here on our vegas trip last weekend and were pleasantly surprised! I'm a huge yelper and check the reviews on everything so I was a little nervous at this one, but I have to say the food was way better than expected.  The crab legs were small but juicy and cooked perfect, carnitas were good, nachos were great especially when you put carnitas on them.  The flan and creme brulee were awesome as were the cream puffs with fresh raspberries. We came right as brunch was ending and dinner was starting so everything was fresh.  Avoid the lasagna and prime rib though both were no good.
5	I seriously have no clue why there's some many one stars around here. I went with my husband during lunch time and we LOVED it. They have a great variety, their drinks are yummy and fresh and their desserts are just mouth watering. The price compared to other buffets I'd say is extremely worth it!
4	Delicious food .  Weekend brunch, is fantastic  and unlimited mimosas .YUMmmm ! A wide selection of food :)
3	wouldn't come back unless I have another discount or coupon. only plus- mimosas are included with the price.
1	Okay, first of all. If you are going to charge that much money, you better try a little bit harder to make the food taste good. Almost $20 per person!!! They take advantage of the fact that they are on the strip and just charge extra for it. Maybe if they made better food it wouldn't be much a big deal for $20. The food was so bad that we were still hungry after we left because we couldn't finish it. Save yourselves the trouble (and money) and go somewhere else.
1	Buffet sucks. Its like a bunch of cafeteria food served in warming dishes. Definitely not going to repeat.
2	I basically didn't have anything in the buffet that I liked and that includes The deserts. The place looks nice but the food lacks everything just everything. It's bland it's bad even the mimosas that were unlimited on Sunday brunch was bad, did I tell you that the Sunday brunch had nothing brunch related. Ha
5	So people here are giving bad reviews but if they get free food or discounts they dont mind coming back??? ....love the place,great food specially during brunch,love their unlimited mimosas..coming back next year!!
1	This buffet is by far the worst buffet I have been in my life.If you go to other decent buffets in Vegas, then you'll see the differences and no wonder people are complaining about the food and quality.Food quality is way lower than Vegas (and other buffet) standards. (even the desserts are not tasting good.Nobody in our group (party of 6) even finished their first round let alone bother for the next rounds.Please save your bucks and do not ever go there. I'd rather have something better even in the hotel food court or go to a better buffet.
1	I would take an Old Country Buffet over the lunch at More buffet at Luxor.Some of the items fell into the "not too bad" category but more than half I was not putting on my plate and some only took one bite to know I didn't want a second bite. The only things that were pretty good....mashed potatoes/gravy, meatballs, and the taquitos because anyone can deep fry something. PS- the buffet at the Bellagio was fantastic. We should have just gone to the Bellagio again.
4	Had dinner here a few weeks ago and if I had based the idea of eating here upon the reviews I probably would not have done so. Luckily, I was not paying for the meal so we decided to give it a go! And we were very pleasantly surprised I am happy to report.There are a bunch of different stations based on cuisine- so there was an Asian food area, a Mexican food area, etc. Tried: Ginger Soy Chicken - Decent. Good taste, okay chicken.Fried Rice - Also not bad. Not outstanding, but decent enough to get a couple servings. :)Pizza - Surprisingly delicious! Reminded me of our favourite pizza joint here in Southern California. A good crust (crunchy outside, soft inside- good bread-to-topping ratio), good tomato sauce and cheese. I tried the cheese pizza, FYI.Meat Balls - Probably a tie for my affection between the pizza and meat balls. So good! Tender, juicy, and flavourful.I also tried ham from the carvery station which was not bad.Biggest surprise was the tamales. Who knew the Luxor buffet would have such a beautiful and rare Mexican gem such as tamales? These were also surprisingly good and tasted pretty authentic.Drinks I saw were sodas, coffee, and juices (orange, apple, etc.).There is also a decent dessert selection with all sorts including cheesecake and small chocolate dishes. Knocked a star off for the price. Definitely enjoyed the buffet, but would not pay $23 for it. Depends on how much one can eat, I guess.4 stars based upon my surprise at how good the buffet turned out to be. I felt compelled to write a review to give this poor buffet some positive publicity. I think enjoyment of the buffet might have a lot to do with expectations; if you're looking for a Bellagio calibre buffet you will probably be disappointed.  Come with realistic expectations and try different items and you should find some gems. :)
1	Selection was poor, crab was cold and disgusting. Indian casino buffets are far superior. A true disappointment.
1	The food was awful, the mashed potatoes were cold, the roast beef was cold even though it was carved on the spot, very few choices and for a dinner buffet i expected way more than the bland tasteless food served here.I will never recommend this buffet to anyone! Good thing I got it for free!
3	With buffets like Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan and Bucchanal at Ceaser's, buffets like this one can't compare...My family and I used to eat here often... when it used to be upstairs. Ate here a few more times when they moved it downstairs... unfortunately, it seemed like the quality had gone down a bit. For the price, it's not all that bad, but then, you get what you pay for. Most recently, I came here for Sunday brunch with my boyfriend. We had a buy one get one free deal so at $20 for both of it, it was a much better deal than going to other places. Even without the deal, $20 for Sunday champange brunch is much cheaper than most other hotels. At the high-end buffets, you are looking at $30-40 a head. Anyways, there was much more people here than I thought seeing the bad reviews and not having eaten here for many years. I do think that the buffet is much better than the likes of Old Country Buffet, Home Town Buffets, Golden Corral and other buffets of those sorts. I think the reason this buffet is reviewed so low is because it is being compared to the high-end buffets. I only had brunch, so I can't comment on the current dinner selections. Brunch had all the basics... breakfast food and some lunch items. The had an omelet station and prime rib at the craving station. There was a Chinese food section, American food, salad, soup, and breakfast foods and dessert section. True, the food is not of the high end caliber, but you are also paying half the costs... I ate various items such as fried chicken, potatoes, has browns, sausage, prime rib, omelet, waffles, egg rolls, fried rice, and some desserts. Nothing stood out as particularly great to me... but nothing stood out as terrible either. Yes, the drinks are self serve as others have stated. Personally, I do not mind that as sometimes it's a pain to ask! I was glad I was able to get 2 glasses of orange juice at a time instead of repeatedly having to ask someone for drinks. Would I come here again... if I had a discount... but for full price, it is a bit pricey for what you get. I'm spoiled when in Vegas, so unless I had a discount or it was comped... I probably wouldn't come here again. If you are on a budget... maybe...
1	Large buffer, but not many food items.The items they had were not that great ... The food quality is comparable to any regular cheap buffet.Definitely not worth the price !
5	The chef ( c. wedge man?)came out and walked me through the Buffett to show me the gluten free options I was surprised to find out about possible  hidden gluten in the yogurt etc I was happy to not feel ill after eating  They have three or four gluten free cakes the lemon one was awesome!! Way to go Luxor!!
1	Not impressed. We paid 50 for two people so it wasn't bad but the food wasn't very good and the selection wasn't very big. Most of the food was or had shellfish which I couldn't eat so I only got to enjoy ham and mashed potatoes. The dessert bar is the best part, there is a large variety and lots of cheesecake! The service was very poor. When we walked in the woman who seated us decided to tell me I don't need a high chair instead of ask, and I did in fact need a high chair. And when I went to get dessert for my husband and I one of the workers was hovering over me and rudely asked if he should just go get me a bigger plate. I had two pieces of cheesecake and a cookie...
1	We tried this place with the pick 2 pass we purchased at Excalibur. All it took was one try to know we will never go back.
3	I went here because I got a 2 for 1 deal and this earned them a star from me. My review can be described best by the following lyrical reference, "Have you ever went over a friends house to eat and the food just ain't that good? The macaroni's soggy, the peas are mushed, and the chicken tastes like wood!" (Rappers Delight, The Sugarhill Gang)
4	Id definitely give this place 5 stars for value but it solidly deserves 4 stars. $19 for weekend brunch unlimited mimosas and friendly attentive service??? Are you kidding? It doesn't exist in vegas. But it does at Luxor. My buddy and I came here for breakfast after a late night out. The line took 5 minutes. (I wait longer than that for breakfast at the local diner by my house in San Diego.) We were given a booth for 2 ppl. (Always a plus) Food for breakfast was eggs Benny waffles, pancakes, the basics. But tons of crispy bacon. Beverage service is more like a cafeteria from college. Grab your own, which can get hard with coffee orange juice and breakfast. In one trip. Here's a tip, take more than one trip. Oh and take as many as you want, bc I said all you can drink mimosas right? No, it's not ceasars. But even at the Bacchanal I waited an hour to sit at a bad table and 10 minutes before I was asked my drink order.
1	this place sucked!  dont eat here.  although ill say the name "more buffet" is appropriate as when u go to thier breakfast/brunch buffet.....u want that--exactly more.  more food, more variety, more warmer foods.  what a waste of $20 bucks.  if u enjoy eating cat food and dog food, hell even lama food this is the place to be....not to mention if ur in the market for a lady (er...65+)...this is the hot spot.
1	Not the same any more. Use to be called the Pharohs Feast, and its called the More Buffet...Should be call the Less Buffet...I use to like the fresh fruits, now they offer canned fruits. Waste of my $20 bucks. The waffle was so hard, I could hv used it for a sponge to wash my dishes. Yuck!
1	Had dinner here about 9:30 pm.  Place was not very busy.  Good selection of salads and entree items.  Most food was not hot, but barely lukewarm.  When I first went to carving station, no one was there to carve.  Waited 2 or 3 minutes,  then left to eat at table.  Went back later and tried roast beef and ham.  Beef had good flavor but not hot.  Ham not even lukewarm.  Chicken and tilapia had good flavor but not hot enough.  May try Mandalay Bay buffet next time.
4	Had the best breakfast here the other day. The meals I had was great, the sausage and the bacon was perfectly cook. I heard they serve fine tasting desserts so I ordered some. The cheesecake seems good, but I guess I'm used to great tasting cheesecakes so that one became ordinary to my taste.The flan was also good, never had good flan before. And the good thing about this place is they have good people.
2	Coffee sucked ass! Bagels I took home because they were so hard I could beat the kids with them.....lol
2	Avoid. It reminds me of a Hometown Buffet chain. The food is plentiful as is the selection, and some of the items are good. But the it comes off as a cheap cafeteria. It looks old and run down, and some of the food looks like its been sitting there forever.
4	I don't know why this place averages only two stars, when clearly it is a noble effort of a great Vegas buffet. Why do I say this? The roast beef is rare and done perfectly. So is the spaghetti, and the paella with seafood. You can tell the place is designed for some privacy, some mystique of an Egyptian dig site, so ambiance rates a lot with me. Yes, they could have maximized the seating areas for more $$$ but chose to give their patrons a nicer environment. That effort is a lot in my book.The staff have an organized system for the line, and that impresses me. There is nothing I hate more than a line with no order, no system, which allows others to come in at a haphazard and undefined point in time. A little wait, yes, but again they have a system in place.As for the desserts, their wide selection is just more than you can tackle.The only thing I did not like were the tiny, tiny sow crab legs They were so skinny. I was at the Rio seafood buffet the evening before so I have had my fill of crab legs so I did not try the ones here. I am glad I did not have to, as they were so thin and watery.CANNOT compare this to buffets $35 and up. This belongs to the $14-$24 range. I really did enjoy my dinner there.
1	Went for breakfest and as soon as we walked in the place had a foul odor.. The food was cold and disgusting.. The food I had at the hospital was better than this buffet... will never go back even if they offered me to go in for free!
4	Lol overall this buffet only gets 2 stars out of 300+ reviews! I will give it more credit than that. I will say it's not better than Hometown Buffet but it's better than most buffets in areas like Vegas. Other than the juices were watered down, prices are high and eggs are soft cooked everything else was good. Like of different of things to choose from and desserts. With a few cooks on deck, you can have them make an omelette for you. California rolls as well. Bar too. Huge restaurant that is kept pretty clean. Nice employees.
1	Literally the worst buffet I have ever been to. Went there for dinner the other night and everything was just terrible. Half the food was cold and the whole place smelled like old fish. Couldn't even finish one plate of food, ended up going to get pizza elsewhere. Avoid at all costs.
3	Had dinner here on 12/20/2014.... It was decent. Wide variety of every kind of food that you would want. Pricey of course at around $56 for 2 people for dinner. I would have to say that the food is served luke warm.... we were there for a late dinner I will give it that but the food looked hot when we put it on our plate but by the time we got back to the table it was on the verge of cold. They have enough food to feed your inner fat kid and a wide enough variety to have exactly what you are in the mood for.
4	Let me start off with this;YES we did eat at many of the other "top" buffets, and of course they are better.. but you get what you pay for! But for $22.99 you can't go wrong with this place either....We ate here the 1st night we got to Vegas, we were staying at the Luxor so it was just convenient for us. For the price we both thought it was pretty decent. They also serve Crab legs! I will also note they were way LESS Saltier then the crab legs at the Cravings Buffet @ The Mirage (which I hated) The food was all warm, and we even arrived there with only 1 hour left to be open and they were still constantly changing out the food ( Tuesday night) It also wasn't very busy. I was impressed with the selection of food, it wasn't obviously as large as other buffets, but it was satisfying. Even the deserts were good. (as you can see by my face in one of the photos lol) We actually ate there again on our last day before going to the air port. & It didn't leave us feeling shitty or tired afterwords. If I was trying to have a non-super expensive meal and I was pretty hungry or to lazy to leave the hotel, I would defiantly eat here again.
1	Reasonably priced (for the strip, I guess) cafeteria food.  Even the salad bar was lame.  Don't bother, the Mirage and cravings isn't that far off and is way better.
1	The worst buffet ever, don't do it! I usually read Yelp reviews prior however a friend decided to treat me and it was their last minute decision. Just say no! If you re staying at Luxor I recommend you eat somewhere else because the selection and quality of food is HORRIBLE! I sampled quite a few items and everything was bad. A lot of the food was cold, not cooked well and tasteless. There is no selection and it must be the world's smallest and most sorry excuse for a buffet!The name says it all, MORE BUFFET because you will be left feeling that there must be MORE than this buffet has to offer!The best thing to eat at this buffet was their ranch dressing.The best part of my night was when I grabbed 3 sugar cookies and stuck them in my tits and walked out.
4	Just didn't get why this place is so lauded. Lacked atmosphere, service was smug and most importantly food was bland. I had somewhat unpleasant soup followed by well cooked but very dull chicken (recommended by waiter). Not terrible by a long way - but really not great at all
5	The buffet is located at the Luxor hotel. It is very convenient if you are staying at the Mandalay, Luxor, Excalibur or any of the surrounding hotels. It is easily accessible. I went with my grandfather and we had been to a few other more expensive buffets in Vegas, but on our last day in the city we decided to go to the MORE Buffet because it was the closest to our hotel. It is more affordable than the other buffets but it has a lot of variety, it keeps the Luxor style and the service is good.
