4	A favorite of the capitol square crowd.  It's been packed every time I've been there for lunch.  Order at the counter and fight for a seat.  The salads are huge, but everything is just a little pricey...something common around the square.  Nice cushions and pillows on the benches around the restaurant.  Nothing too stand out, but a great lunch staple for a salad or sandwich with a few baked goods as well. 4 stars.
5	Wonderful restaurant - great food and fun lively atmosphere.  It is alwasy busy unless you can wait til after 1pm for lunch.  The space was designed by the same architect who designed the rest of the block.  I especially love the salads and burgers.  The flavor can't be beat.
4	A while back the two Marigold owners started a seemingly Madison revolution in cuisine and I've loved going ever since.  I love the care they take with the food and the fun and friendly atmosphere.  If only it weren't so chaotic and crowded, but why should I think such a great place wouldn't get noticed?
5	Outstanding little gourmet cafe, just off the Capitol Square, that serves both breakfast and lunch. They make the most amazing French toast out of challah bread; topped with pastry cream, fresh berries, and real maple syrup, it's to die for! For lunch, you can't go wrong with any of their sandwiches, unless you're looking for a salad, in which case the grilled chicken and mixed greens will knock your socks off.
4	OK, so you are in town for a conference (Epic UGM?), you did all the activities, and you got a morning to kill before you leave town. THIS IS YOUR SPOT. Really tasty breakfast food made with fresh ingredients. Don't think Denny's or some other diner spot. This is not your mom and dad's fried eggs and pancakes. I think they stop serving breakfast by 11 or so, so get there early. Great food, great people, nice, lively location.
4	I love this hidden jem. Their salad is so far the best in the town. It's got the visual appealing, right volume, right amount of dressing, and healthy good. I have yet to try their breakfast menu, but I'll definitely have it soon. The cafe interior decor is minimal, yet clean and stylish - type of a place hard to find in Madison. One negative was their Bloody Marry that accompanied my salad. I get the "home-made" recipe, but it just didn't taste as good as I hoped. The fresh-squeezed lemonade, on the other hand, is always excellent and refreshing.Update - I just had another fab lunch here with my friend today. While I stuck with my regular order of Marigold salad, my friend opted for the beefy 1/2 lbs burger. I had a little portion of the gigantic burger. It was super delicious. I once again fell in love with this place. You can tell that they care about the ingredients, and it shows on everything they create in the kitchen.
4	Marigold was my favorite spot for lunch in Madison for more than a year, and I miss it, especially the salads.   This is definitely not a secret spot - it's packed because it's so good!  Sometimes there's not even a chair to sit in while you wait for your take-out order.  On a cold day, order soup. On a nice day, eat outside!
5	PLEASE ORDER BLUBERRY PANCAKES. Fluffy and light, chock-full of fresh blueberries, and then, sprinkled with some granola and even more fresh blueberries. Topped with delightful orange-zest butter, and served with real maple syrup. All this for 6.95. BEST THING ON MENU.
4	Marigold is a great place to meet for lunch.  Cafeteria style with a very creative menu.  Lovely salads and interesting sandwiches.  When it is crowded it can be noisy so head for a table at the windows or along the back wall.  And sit back and enjoy the excellent food.  Also great for breakfast and brunch.
5	This place is excellent. The food is delicious and very reasonably priced, considering the ingredients. I had the breakfast sandwich, which was very tasty and enough to satisfy a healthy appetite! I also had the orange juice, which was fresh squeezed and super good. The raves about the blueberry pancakes are spot-on! My boyfriend ordered these, and they're so good. The citrus butter is a great touch. It does have alcohol because you can get drinks like greyhounds and mimosas. I'd highly recommend this place!
4	I was surprised to find out that this was a super casual place to eat. One of those places where you order at the front, grab a number, find a spare table, and wait as the servers find you and bring your food. Bottomless coffee is self serve. The blueberry pancakes are really fluffy and eggy. The batter itself isn't sweet and the stack of three is topped with powdered sugar and rolled oats. Yum. The oats really do it for me. Is this is Midwest thing or have all the gazillion breakfast places I've been to on the West Coast just happen to not to that? We also got an egg white omelet with artichokes, topped with a smidge of asiago. The marigold potatoes on the side were good but like most other patrons, we barely finished. I also appreciated how lightly they added vinaigrette dressing to the side salad. I wish this place was cleaner. And the bussers faster. We had to flag down a busy busser/server to wipe our table. Atmosphere was your standard organic-feeling breakfast place but nothing stood out. I liked Cafe Soleil's setup better.
5	I am more a fan of this place for their lunch than their breakfast.  The soups are the best I've had in Madison and are always in rotation so you're sure to try a wide variety.  I also love the sandwiches, and the sandwich of the day is also as delicious as any of the regulars.  The side red cabbage salad is decent, but I'd like more tang-usually I skip eating most of it in lieu of a cup of their soup ;)  Breakfast is ok but not out of this world.
4	Met a friend for brunch there this morning; we were a little on the early side for a Saturday morning, arriving about 9:30.  By the time we left, the place was full and there was a wait at the counter.  I had coffee and the biscuits/gravy with eggs and field greens for $10.95, my friend ordered the breakfast sandwich for $5.95.  Frankly, my meal was overpriced, and wasn't of sufficiently higher quality to justify the additional charge over, say, Denny's.  I'm not opposed to paying for atmosphere or creative and fresh cooking; this just wasn't special enough, IMO.  My friend's sandwich, on the other hand, was tremendous- on ciabatta with eggs, tomato, applewood bacon, etc.  I'd definitely order that again.It's great that they serve Ancora coffee- a definite plus in my book.  It's family-friendly, but the kids there were generally well-behaved- also another plus.  Didn't feel rushed and the decor is comfortable.
5	Best breakfast in town with something for everyone, made with fresh, healthy, delicious ingredients that you can't get anywhere else- from salmon and cream cheese omelets to french toast covered with berries to a great breakfast sandwich.  Lunch is the same variety and quality and it's definitely worth it to substitute the homemade potato salad for the coleslaw...the portions are filling and worth the price and every recipe from the salads to the burger to the pesto grilled cheese has been created with the most attention to detail.
4	Probably one of the top two breakfasts to be had in Madison. Fresh, delicious and with lots of choices, as well as healthy options. It's nice to get locally grown food when you eat out so this is a plus for Marigold. Not too expensive either. We paid the same price for breakfast for three that we do at Denny's (a guilty pleasure!).
5	Marigold's breakfast is a treat for anyone who lives or works downtown.  The food is just so fresh!  Their pancakes, French toast, and eggs are great, but my favorite is their breakfast sandwich, which I order without meat.  The breakfast sandwich also works well for carryout; it gets so darn crowded that I'd rather take my food with me when possible.  If you want to eat in with some friends or family, go early!  The later it gets, the more crowded it will be.The one thing that bugs me about Marigold is that they stop serving breakfast at 10:30 on the dot, which isn't very clear on their website, and they can be pretty merciless to anyone standing in line at that time.  I've had my dreams of brioche French toast dashed more than once.I do wish they had more vegetarian sandwiches, and that they served some of their veggie sandwiches and salads  on Saturday.  They have the best greens of any restaurant in the area.
5	This place is one of the best little secrets tucked away along the capital square. It's definitely geared for those working near the capital that want to get a good lunch...scratch that great lunch. Their burger, various sandwiches, salads, Moroccan soup are all amazing. For a lunch cafe this place has definitely stepped it's game up, it's fairly traditional lunch food but prepared and presented so much better. From the same guys that operate Sardine just a few blocks away this place elevates work day lunch to the highlight of the day. I love how fresh the food tastes. All the dishes taste so refreshing. The inside too is great with a huge window, a few outdoor tables, the place just makes you want to smile. It's just so naturally bright inside, a total reprieve from the state buildings and parking lots just outside. All the staff always seems to be in such a good mood too. I honestly can't say enough about how much I like this place. A lunch can cost you a bit more than standard fare so I always liked to make it a special occasion, but the truest of true treats it is every time.
4	This place always reminded me of New York for some reason. Now that I'm in NYC, I can't quite find anywhere quite like it!I come here on the weekends strictly for the duck confit hash. It is so fresh and delicious and fills you up in a very healthy way. There's even enough to take home for a late lunch later in the day.Come early in order to score a seat!
5	This place is great for breakfast, brunch, or lunch. The menu is creative and all the ingredients are very fresh.  It can be very crowded for brunch, but it is definitely worth it.  Not to mention the bloody mary's and unlimited coffee are great bonuses.  I always get the omelette with goat cheese and zucchini, but there are about 7 other omelette options alone. The potatoes that are served with the entree are crazy good.  Very friendly, quick service.
5	I'm in Madison for a conference and staying at the Best Western Inn on the Park (also recommended--see my review).  I needed to grab some lunch, but I wanted a place that sold a good salad (not always the easiest thing to find) and I needed something fast.  So, I looked up what was nearby on Yelp and Marigold Kitchen got so many good ratings, I had to try it.  I ordered for pick up over the phone and the woman who answered was unbelievably nice and accommodating.  I wanted a salad, but also wanted a piece of fish on top and their salmon just didn't sound appealing at that moment.  So I asked if they could put the tilapia filet (from their sandwiches) on top of the Marigold salad.  It cost $5 more, but they did it and it was fantastic!  The tilapia was nice and peppery and the salad was a perfect mix of sweet/tangy/salty (tomato/corn/balsamic/black olives).And it only took them 15 quick minutes to make it.  Perfect!
5	"Whatever Lola wants, Lola gets..."This song was playing softly over the speakers on a gray, Monday afternoon as I waited for my lunch at the Marigold Kitchen. On a previous visit to Madison, I remember a tasty al fresco brunch that I enjoyed at a sidewalk table. But my fiance reminded me that it's a great lunch spot as well. Understatement!I'm a huge fan of goat cheese--okay, who am I kidding? I love all cheeses, which is why I'm oh so happy to be moving to Madison next month! I also have somewhat of an addiction to roasted beets. It goes to reason that I had to order the Baked Goat Cheese Salad with Roasted Beets. Oh my. It was divine! The herb-crusted goat cheese had a delightful light crunch on the outside, and silky gooey-ness on the inside. Other stars were of course the ruby red roasted beets, accented by candied orange peel, shallots, and toasted walnuts. Hands-down, the best salad in the "goat-cheese-beets-nuts" category I have ever had."Whatever Stina wants, Stina gets..." was now running through my head. I also enjoyed a small soup of the day--ham with wheat berries and bok choy. It sounded so strange that I just couldn't pass it up. And it was incredible: perfectly seasoned and balanced with tender wheaty pearls and graceful bites of bok choy greens. Eating at Marigold, I felt like I hadn't enjoyed real food in weeks...months maybe! I could have eaten there all day. I had plate envy of every other diner sitting around me, because I wanted to try it all. Gluttonous? Perhaps. Delicious? Decidedly so.One note, dear Marigold: please add a coat hook to the bathroom, as it's nice to not have to put our coats/bags on the floor or try to balance them precariously on the baby-changing station. Merci!
5	Nice little place just off of the capital square.  High quality ingredients.  Had the '"Cured salami, ham, and provolone  with spicy olive relish, romaine and aioli on ciabatta  8.99  "  Good value for the money.  Service was quick and the staff friendly.
2	Maybe I had too high expectations after all the 5-stars this place has gotten, but I just wasn't blown away. We went for breakfast on a Thursday. Easy to find and parking wasn't a problem. We were a little confused when we first entered - didn't realize you order at the counter and take a number and find a table and the food is brought out. I tried the blueberry pancakes. I wanted to get a side of sausage - but was told something like they were cooking and it would be a long wait. First big negative - who runs out of sausage? Looking at others eating, it looks like I missed out too (they had sausage and it looked yummy). My wife got the Breakfast sandwich. Next two problems - my pancakes came with a "orange-almond butter" which sounds very cool. . . only problem is that is all I tasted. The orange taste was so overpowering that nothing else came through. My wife thought her sandwich had cream cheese on it - I think it was the boursin cheese. Both of us probably won't be ordering those items if we choose to return.Now I will say that everything seemed very fresh and all natural. . . it was great atmosphere and service was fine. Pretty expensive though - for a breakfast - and portions were not large. Overall I wasn't impressed, but my friends say to try it again. I might - but I'm not in a hurry to return.
5	If you like sandwiches with crispy toasted bread, savory meats balanced well with slaw and a yummy dessert to finish it off, you'll love Marigold.
3	It was good, but didn't impress me as much as the other breakfast place I've tried in Madison (Cafe Continental) considering the prices.  I got the smoked salmon eggs benedict, and it wasn't half bad, but at the price I would have expected better.  The eggs were too hard to be called poached.  The OJ was fresh-squeezed and great, but for $3.50 I would have expected more than the tiny cup it came in (I'm a spoiled Californian where oranges fall out of the sky).I'd come back, but I'd get what my friends got; the omelets and scrambles were much more reasonably priced and looked delicious.
4	I had the best chile braised chicken sandwich that I have ever had here at Marigold Kitchen! You walk up to the counter, order, pay, and get your number. Then find a seat and wait for someone to bring the food. Very relaxed and very comfy. The grilled cheese was good too!Great food!!
5	I had their Veggie Sandwich (spinach, asparagus, mushrooms, tomatoes - I think that was it) and upgraded to the pasta side. It was really good! The sauce on the sandwich was very tasty too! I really liked the cheese that was sprinkled on the pasta/veggie side as well. The service was quick (we did take out so that we could watch a live band at the Capitol). The place is a normal sized restaurant for downtown Madison - so good for smaller groups. I had my stroller which was hard to maneuver around the space, but people were nice & friendly and ok with my bulkiness.
4	Generally really good food, although not everyone likes their particular style of breakfast potato (pan-fried with rosemary).  love their coffee.  Only complaints are that it's rather cramped and gets INSANELY crowded on Saturdays, and it's closed on Sundays!  I don't get that.  On weekdays, though, it's generally a nice spot for brunch/lunch, not too crowded.
5	One of my favorite brunch places. First time I went, the line was out the door. Most times though, it's just a little crowded. I guess that's what happens when they're not open on Sundays. Usually by the time you order, you can get a seat. And if not, they're pretty organized about getting everyone seated before their food is ready. I only get the scrambler because the Marigold potatoes are my absolute favorite, but my friends love the pancakes and the breakfast sandwich.
4	I was looking for something healthy and tasty. I heard Marigold was pretty good at providing such food. So I decided to give it a go. Luckily I work within about a 2 minute walk so it would also make for a decently quick lunch.I went at about 10:45, between their breakfast and lunch. I ordered the Chile-Braised Chicken Sandwich off of their lunch menu. They couldn't actually start making the sandwich until 11, as that's when their lunch starts (breakfast ends at 10:30). Not a problem though. I sat down and read a few articles in the Isthmus and my food was there at about 11:15. As far as the food goes, it was pretty good. Definitely not outrageously spectacular as I feel some reviews make it out to be, but pretty tasty and definitely filling. Also, very fresh. The rustic roll that made up the bread component of my Chile-Braised Chicken sandwich had a nice and chewy crust and a soft inside. The chicken had a flavorful marinade that was complimented by the chipotle lime dressing and chihuahua cheese. I wouldn't describe the sandwich as spicy, but it had a nice flavor with a kick. As for the staff, I've definitely met friendlier people, but it wasn't a bad experience. I can only imagine what goes down in a restaurant on some days and I'm sure these people put up with a lot. If a staff person/waiter isn't always smiling, I'm not going to say the service was bad. Obviously the service is pretty decent as the reviews are generally great and the place is pretty busy. If your in the downtown area and are looking for a quick sit-down lunch, I'd definitely recommend giving the Marigold Kitchen a try.
4	I consider myself to be a connoisseur of grilled cheese and the smoked turkey grilled cheese at Marigold Kitchen knocked my proverbial socks off (even though I was wearing flip flops)!  A delicious, yet unexpected combo of smoked turkey, Havarti cheese, and fig jam (WOW) combined to make a super tasty sandwich (I removed the Dijon mustard).  I think that the fig jam made it!  Despite my best efforts, I grabbed a chocolate chip cookie to-go...also delicious!As far as atmosphere, they have a nice seating area outside (when weather permits) and the inside was nice and boisterous.  Really liked the employees - nice...and quick!  If I lived in Madison, Marigold Kitchen would be on my regular lunch rotation.
5	Marigold is by far the best place for breakfast/brunch in Madison.  Every dish I've tried, from the house-made granola to the steel-cut oats, from the varying egg scrambler (changes daily) or duck hash (duck! HASH!) to the pancakes and waffles, this restaurant will give you that food coma you so deserve.  More pluses:-Fresh squeezed orange juice-A large selection of baked tarts, scones, and muffins-Easy ordering (line up and order at the counter; then grab a number and find a table.  This can be a bit daunting during crowded times, but I have never had a problem getting a seat by the time my food was ready, and the servers help you out with this if needed).-COFFEE.  VERY GOOD COFFEE.  They hand you the mugs right away so you can fill 'er up yourself while you wait for your table.-Counter seating.-"Too much" (meaning just enough) food on the plate...enough for a doggie bag.-They have some brunchy cocktails, including one called a greyhound (grapefruit juice & vodka) along with the usual standards (mimosa, screwdriver, bloody mary).-The sourdough toast: NOM NOM.Minuses:-Can be a bit cramped; it's a small space and everyone and their mother (and their many kids) loves to eat here.-Closed on Sundays!  Boooo!
5	On my mom's recommendation, we set out for Marigold in the middle of various downtown errands. After a brisk walk across the Square, we ducked down Pinckney Street (right behind the Walgreen's -- you can't miss it!) to find a cozy nook teeming with lunch-ers and savory smells. This HAD to be the place. We split a grilled cheese (OMFG, guys), chicken soup and took a seven-layer bar for later. -The sandwich was perfect perfect perfect: cheddar, a little goat cheese, tomato on rosemary bread. The sandwich wasn't too greasy or heavy. It was grilled cheese nirvana. -My soup was filled with chicken, green stuff (kale, maybe?) and quinoa. It gave me a savory remedy to some early-fall sniffles and encourages me to try to make it myself. -Seven layer bar requires no explanation.Sometimes I don't take my mom's advice, but that day I was so happy I did. Marigold is a fantastic little gem hidden among state government buildings and tourist-y cheese shops, and I'm so glad I found it!
5	My favorite place.  Fresh, real and scrumptious. You've gotta try the duck confit hash salad (WOAH!!), freshly squeezed juices, and pastries.  You really can't go wrong here.  It's the BEST!
4	Unique, cool place to enjoy a meal.I'm so happy they are now open for bunch on Sunday Mornings (before it was only Saturday).Why I go here:*Fresh orange juice -mmm*Good coffee*Duck hash (any many other interesting menu items)*Potato side is killer*Yummy pastries*Fun casual atmosphere, usually busyNote: I would not bring a group of more than 4 or 6 people here- it gets busy.
2	Based on the food alone, this place would be 4 stars based on what we had today.We were in town over the weekend, and breakfast is my favorite meal of the day.  My boyfriend googled and this place popped up on the Madison Better Breakfast Bureau (what a fantastic idea, by the way) -  so based on the ratings on that site and yelp, I was SUPER excited to eat there.So why such a low rating?  I really hated the set up.  It was this morning (Sunday) so I knew it was going to be crowded.  I thought it would be like a normal restaurant where you go, wait an excruciating amount of time for a table, and then sit down and have some time to look over the menu, decide what to get, and order.  No. That is not how it works... I felt very rushed the entire time I was there.  I felt as though I had 25 seconds to look at the menu.  Order, get a number and sit at a table and wait for the food.The coffee is self serve (which is not the part that is the problem) but is  in such an inconveniently located place directly next the to the cash register that it is super crowded, you can't get refills because the crazy line is ALWAYS in front of it.  And I'm sorry, but if I'm paying $2.25 for a "bottomless" cup of coffee, that means I want a refill.  And I was under the impression the term "bottomless" stems from a waitress coming over and refilling your cup before you see the bottom... Anyway - no way to get refills of your coffee... Moving on - I was also sitting at a table directly near the coffee station, and where the food comes up from the kitchen (and also located directly next to the seats where people who have already ordered and are waiting for tables are sitting).  My chair was bumped no less than 30 times by people walking back and forth (staff and customers alike).  Now - about the people waiting for tables - I am eating my breakfast.  I do NOT want you staring down at me because you have already ordered and are waiting for your food.  It makes me feel uncomfortable, and made me eat faster, and not really enjoy my meal.   That is not their fault, but rather the fault of the set up of the restaurant.  Perhaps you should not have people order food before they definitely have a table.  Overall, it was just very odd.  I would definitely not return based on the set up..  The food was great (Ham and Gruyere Omelet for me, Chorizo scrambler for boyfriend).
4	Best, freshest soups and salads in Madison.  A great place to dine for lunch if you have the patience to wait for a table.  The food is ALWAYS outstanding, however the restaurant can be busy and noisy (cement everywhere).  You will leave feeling you have eaten one of the healthiest meals ever, but don't go if you're in a rush.  Take time to enjoy the food here with some good friends!
5	One of my favorite spots in Madison. Great breakfast!I've been here a couple times for breakfast and a couple times for lunch. I prefer their breakfast to their lunch, mainly because there was too much corn in the salad and I'm not that into corn. Both times I've had eggs any style with their potatoes, toast and bacon. Their potatoes are DELICIOUS!!! Love their potatoes! My dad had their biscuits and gravy which he said were very good. They also have great mimosas. I love the atmosphere of the restaurant with the bright colors. It's very cozy and fun. I will continue to eat at Marigold's as long as I live in Madison.
4	Cheerful colors are splashed across the walls and sunshine spills in through the floor-length front windows.  Brightly colored fresh flowers are in delicate vases on every table, offering even more charm to the Marigold Kitchen.  There was no wait at 1pm on this chilly Sunday.  Orders were placed and paid for at the counter and servers promptly delivered the food, tracking you down via a number set on your table.  The brunch menu offered lots of good breakfast options, plenty of which were veg-friendly.  I opted for the inexpensive (at $4.75) and generously portioned eggs/potatoes/toast combo.  The potatoes were a little oily, but nicely seasoned and seemed to have a slight sprinkling of cheese which was a nice touch.   There were only a few lunch options on the brunch menu (none of which were vegetarian), I wished that more of the weekday lunch menu selections were available at weekend brunch-time.BOTTOM LINE:  Loved the bright and cheerful atmosphere; brunch was great.  A few more lunch choices on the brunch menu (especially a vegetarian choice or two) would make it fantastico!
2	Kind of like a deli, but it's not super cheap.  Good if you're a on the square and in a hurry I suppose. For a leisurely breakfast, I'd suggest you look elsewhere. The business model is that of a diner, minus the service and normal amount of space  (sounds like a winner, huh?). You come in, grab a piece of heavyweight, printed paper that claims to be a menu, and then you order. (Don't blink, the line moves fast.) Unlike a diner, the Marigold Kitchen isn't content to serve you french toast. No, they have to add nuts, 3 types of berries, some organic cheese and whatever. All the food  is like this. You may not get any service, but your plate looks good before you eat it. Food snob?--you'll love this.Ambiance:  well it has the typical too trendy look to it. Every wall is painted some color that clashes with another. The seats and stools are uncomfortable, but look nice. And oh, don't miss the men's bathroom, it's the girliest thing I've ever seen.  ...Well, except for the double caged light fixture that looks like it belongs on a ship. The staff:  clearly a look to them.  Seems like stereotypical co-op college lesbians.  Short hair, attitude, matching t-shirts, probably pit hair. If you have a problem with sexuality, that's your issue, not mine. I make note of it  because I don't care for stores where everyone looks the same. Y'know like TGIF's with its flair buttons? Hate that. Well, this is the same deal, but just another costumeWill you like the food?  Let's get serious. You don't go to this place for the food. Nonetheless, it gets a passing grade. I didn't throw up or anything.
3	The food is pretty good. The atmosphere leaves something to be desired.  I liked the potatoes quite a bit, and the sausage.I didn't like the overcrowded nature of the place.
4	Marigold just started Sunday brunch a few months ago which is great since they used to only be open for Saturday brunch.   My favorite brunch dish there is the salmon, chive, and cream cheese omelet.  The breakfast egg sandwich is really good too (it has boursin cheese on it).  I've been there for lunch a few times, and have enjoyed their salads as well.  The only thing I've had there that I didn't like was their bloody Mary, it tasted too much like celery for my taste.It tends to get really busy and crowded on Farmer's Market Saturdays, but I've usually been able to get a table while a friend waited in line to order.  Even when I've had to wait in line to order, the atmosphere and service has always been cheerful.
2	Oh god.  Ok, first of all I LIVE for a good brunch.  I don't mind lines, not one bit (and I've seen some fucking brunch lines in my day), but when I have to order at the counter and THEN table-wait with my silverware, coffee and order number in hand, we have a problem.  I need the whole experience to occur while seated.  Call me crazy.  I like to sit with my menu and my coffee while I decide, not be shanghied into ordering the second I walk in the door.  It's not like you're getting your food any sooner after being seated either.  It still takes a while.  My brioche french toast was cold and not even slightly flavorful.  There was a weird taste to it, like they tried to infuse it with orange but ended up stirring rancid oj into the egg batter.  Just gross.  Had I not been starving it would've been sent back.The duck confit hash was delicious, but, seriously, how can you screw up anything fried in duck fat?  Oh, AND they ran out of coffee.  For like at least a half hour there was no coffee in the joint.  Come ON, dudes, you're lucky to get even the second star here.
4	They used to not be open on Sundays and only brunch for Saturdays which made it difficult to dine there if I don't happen to be downtown.  Their breakfast items are good, and my favorite breakfast dish may be the prosciutto with poached eggs.  I've also really enjoyed their chicken salad sandwiches with their red cabbage slaw.  The cumin seeds in the cabbage slaw was genius.
4	This place is a headache.  I went on a Saturday morning for brunch and there was so much noise and hustle.  Definitely did not like that aspect.The food is good.  I ordered French toast and a scrambler to share.  The French toast came with fresh fruit and tasted super yummy.  The scrambler portion was small, but very tasty!  Perhaps the potatoes were too drenched in oil because they were orange in color.  The service is decent.  The girls at the register are nicer.  I would like to return, but on a quieter day.
4	Fantastic breakfast but can get so busy it is almost a challenge. Thank god for Super Marigold Woman...she has special powers and busts people for taking up seating before ordering. It is definitely necessary as it gets very busy. French toast on the weekend is deluxe. Espresso is good. The kitchen is a well oiled machine and interesting to watch from the bar. Not a place to pull out the Sunday paper or laptop and chill, Marigold is all about eating and the eating is good.
2	My bf and I went here for Sunday brunch after a hockey and concert-filled weekend in Madison. Apparently the entire city decided to go here for brunch as well, as it appears to have that "trendy place for brunch" feel to it .  I appreciate that you wait in line, order your food, and then are seated by the wait staff.  My boyfriend was a little taken aback by his view from our table, as he unfortunately was seated facing the bathrooms, which was an incessant flow of Marigold patrons.  To add fuel to the fire, seating is tight and we may have just been seated right on top of the couple of savant schmucks seated right next to us who were either trying to 1.) vehemently impress us (or each other) with their vast knowledge or 2.) were never educated in respecting and acknowledging one's surroundings.Nonetheless, moving on to the food, we each ordered our individual adult brunch platters, mine a delicious egg white marigold omelet, although the omelet was well-prepared, the potatoes leave something to be desired.  Since I also had my sinister sweet tooth nagging at me all morning I ordered a child's order of French toast as a side.  I was really disappointed when one of the wait staff stopped by our table to let us know that they don't allow adults to order from the children's menu.  We however thought it would be okay since we had each ordered our own dish--needless to say, this was the icing on the cake, the bow on present, and the kick to the stomach when you're already down.So aside from the potty-view, idiot-savants, and child's French toast tidbit, I'd say that this place is okay for my ONE and ONLY time there.  Better luck for the next guy!
5	I've never been here for breakfast, so I can't speak to the many negative comments about that. However, their lunch is fantastic! I've eaten there several times, and I've never been disappointed. My last meal there was basically a salade nicoise but with salmon rather than tuna. The haricots verts were snappy, the dressing was excellent, and the fish was perfectly cooked. Yes, the space is a little cramped, but this doesn't matter since the service is fast. If it's too crowded for you you can get in and get out quickly.
5	Amazing eggs.  One of the best breakfast places I've ever been to.
4	I have been coming to Marigold for years and this was going to be a five-star review, but they made a recent, disturbing change--they switched from Anchora coffee to Alterra. Before you get up in arms, yelling, "I love Alterra," let me explain that Alterra is not a bad coffee, it's just that I loved the Anchora Marigold Special Blend. We would buy this blend and give it away to friends and family as presents.I can understand making the change, and I will still LOVE Marigold, but now that I don't get my Marigold rocket fuel anymore, I will be a little less excited about going there.As usual the food was excellent. I had the chorizo omlette with greens potatoes and toast.This Saturday morning it was the usual buzzing/active/perfect-for-people-watching/too-loud-for-some atmosphere that I have grown to love.I will miss you Anchora Marigold Special Blend. May you rest in peace.
4	Loved it! We stopped here for a quick omelet breakfast after realizing there was no breakfast offered at our hotel. Good for us though, 'cause we really enjoyed our meal at Marigold Kitchen. The staff were super friendly, our food came out fast for a busy morning and was delicious, and the atmosphere was beautiful. We don't make it to Madison very often, but I do hope to return.
3	duck confit hash = so amazing that i choked on it from greedy inhaling
3	My son lived in Madison for the last 2 years and took me here, saying it was his favorite breakfast spot. I dunno. Food is creative. I found it crowded and too hip. Duck confit hash was not as good as I expected. Fresh squeezed orange juice was nice, as was the green tea. Maybe 4 stars on a good day.
5	Marigold is the bomb diggity.  It's so good, in fact, that it might cause you to say stupid things like "the bomb diggity."  Now for all you haters out there (including my dad, who reviewed below) complaining of the crowds and having to wait to sit down......there is a reason that this restaurant is crowded.  If you want a diner and immediate seating, go to denny's.  They have lots of seating, and 3.49 big slams.  They also have bad food, cigarette odors, and powdered coffee.This place, however, has amazing food every time.  I've honestly never gone wrong in my 3 years of going here.  Standouts include the breakfast sandwich and the blueberry pancakes.  A number of lunch items score high as well, including the frequently rotated soup specials.  I also really like the chile chicken sandwich served with a radiccio side salad.Prices are on the higher end, but the quality and taste of the ingredients makes me not care.  Food is always fresh.  If you eat in, coffee is bottomless.  Tea is provided by a local tea house (all loose leaf) and is quite tasty.I challenge anyone to eat a breakfast sandwich here (with cheddar-spiked boursin, that's right, this place spikes their cheese with more cheese- how can a wisconite not be down with that?!).  You will dream about it, salivate over it, and come back again to eat it.
4	ate here twice in one weekend...once for a catered dinner and once for sunday brunch.  unlike the masses, i preferred the former.  i could've eaten a whole plateful of the passed fig/cheese crostini apps.  the salad was perfectly dressed - slightly tart, completely delicious dressing.  i had one of the best catered vegi meals - mushrooms on top of polenta.  every bite was the perfect herbey blend without being over the top in salt or butter (as a lot of polenta dishes tend to be).  take 2...brunch.  absolutely loved the atmosphere and mini pots of tea (green tea was excellent), however i think the overall selection was mediocre.  i guess i was hoping for some more savory dishes outside of the egg family since i normally avoid them.  i settled for the scrambler which again was mediocre.  the rosemary bread that came with it was quite delicious though.  all in all, i would totally recommend this adorable spot - great location by the capitol and quick service.
5	I loved this place.  Our son, Andrew, and girlfriend, Sara, took us here to enjoy a wonderful breakfast on our recent trip to Wisconsin.... Everything they had here was delicious and I hope to get a chance to go back some day.  It was definitely worth the wait to get in.  I had the strawberry pancakes with marscapone cheese and I will dream about it now.
4	I had the grilled turkey and cheese with figs for lunch and a side of red cabbage.  Good stuff!  During lunchtime, it gets crowded.
3	I don't see what the big deal is about this place. I've had brunch there a few times and it was good but not 5 Stars good. The location is great for people that live downtown because there are not a lot of brunch options. The staff is friendly, but it's Madison so the staff is friendly at most places. The prices are good and reasonable. The food is good too, but it's not amazingly good. My girlfriend is crazy about the hash browns. I find them way too greasy. They leave this orangish colored grease streak on your plate that I was never a fan of. Overall, it's a good spot for brunch, but if you are expecting to be blown away, don't.  I would take Mickey's Dairy Bar over Marigold any day of the week...accept Monday because that day Mickey's is closed!
4	Had lunch here and it was excellent. I got a grilled vegetable sandwich which was huge and tasty on grilled wheat bread, and my wife had a tuna sandwich on grilled sourdough. I also started with the gazpacho which was quite tasty. The interior "ambiance" is nonexistent. It's loud and you order at the counter and someone brings you your food after spotting your number. But no matter, the food more than made the experience and I'll definitely go back there next time I'm in Madison.
4	I wasn't too satisfied when I first came to Marigold Kitchen for a Sunday brunch. Even though we were told over the phone that the crowds "weren't that bad," it was a complete shitshow in there. Busboys fighting through the crowds to get to tables, a line going from the counter to the door, background noise so loud that you have to scream what you want to order, and a restaurant that was way too small to contain it all. They haven't done a very good job at all managing these crowds and maximizing their available space.Not helping Marigold is the fact that you have to order your food from the counter and take a number, and that they can't even be bothered to bring your drinks out to you. I had to get water from a jug on a table placed in the worst spot imaginable (right next to the counter), where I couldn't even move my elbows. And despite the massive line, the girl taking orders at the counter didn't seem to have any issue with having a long conversation with anyone who was placing an order. While ordering from a counter would ultimately save you money on tip, the savings are balanced out by the price of the food itself. You'll pay just as much as you would for sit-down service at another breakfast joint.So, given the abhorrent service, you're probably wondering how my rating is so high. The fact is, when you serve food this good, you can abuse your customers like this and they'll enjoy it. Seriously, this is some of the best breakfast food I have ever had.I ordered a special called "The Scrambler," which was scrambled eggs mixed up with cheese and vegetables. The eggs were cooked perfectly, with a fluffy consistency that is practically nonexistent at any other restaurant. I also got French rosemary toast and their signature "Marigold Potatoes" on the side. While the toast was unique, it wasn't anything special. The potatoes were incredible. I don't know what they do to them to make them so soft and so crispy at the same time, or what spices made them taste so perfect. You have to try it, and fortunately, it comes with almost every dish they serve.I also ordered some thick and fluffy buttermilk pancakes which were topped with a sweet mango butter. However, they served it with a pathetic amount of syrup. I had to substitute the lack of sweetness with the jam on the table, which was incredibly fresh. It was definitely made in the restaurant, without the addition of massive amounts of sugar.The jam is like every other ingredient Marigold uses. Everything tastes fresh and organic, like they were growing the food right there in their kitchen. The prices and crowds here are easily justified by the fact that when you order food from Marigold Kitchen, you know that they're going to serve you nothing but food made from the very highest quality of ingredients.
5	My experience at Marigold Kitchen was one of the highlights of my weekend away from Chicago.  I visited Madison a week ago, and I am still salivating over the deliciousness of my meal at Marigold!  I had the grilled Angus hamburger with gruyere - incredible!  I usually add ketchup to burgers, but with one bite in, I knew I wouldn't need any.  My burger was juicy and perfectly medium-rare, with the right ratio of meat to veggies to bun.  It wasn't too greasy (like many burgers can get) and it was well put together. And the sauce!  My mouth had a most pleasant after taste (strange, but true), and I have to say that this was truly one of the best burgers I have ever eaten.  My friend ordered a grilled cheese and gazpacho soup.  I had a bite of each, and both were delicious.The decor is super cute and hip, with bold yellow to brighten the mood.  The wait wasn't too bad and the service was solid.  Moreover, all the dishes looked incredibly fresh and delicious - I'd love to try more!  I will definitely come back here on my next trip to Madison.
3	Lived here for 5 years, ate out 700 times (ok I don't really know how many times), but only went here 3 times or so due to desire of variety for lunch.This place is kind of ehhh for me due to it's high prices and smarmy quality.  Dammit! Why do you have to be so warm and cozy and yummy and perfect, yadda yadda.Maybe I just want that certain level of imperfection when I dine out, but something about this place is kind of like nails on a chalkboard to my soul.  They DO have tasty food.  They DO have a decent atmosphere.  Cons: wait time during weekday lunch can be unbearable, high prices, can be very warm inside and hard to find a seat
5	This place is our absolute favorite breakfast place in Madison.  Good, healthy, yummy breakfasts!  Kids menu is very reasonable and has great stuff for them.  Because of the Farmer's Market on the capitol square (mid-April through November), this place is VERY busy on Saturday mornings, so arrive before 8:00 AM or expect to wait in line to order.
5	Better Cinnamon Sugar Donut Muffins!?  AMAZING!!!  I want some right now, that would be good. Believe It!
5	Great downtown breakfast spot. Delicious and cheap eats!
3	A good, solid place for breakfast. People were raving about it and I stopped in. The food is good. I wouldn't say it will change your life, but I don't think they are TRYING to change your life. I think that they are trying to provide a nice, warm, cozy atmosphere and good quality food. They do just that.
3	I wanted to love this place because it has a sunny sounding name and the interior is filled with light.  On the weekday morning that I visited it was bustling but there were empty seats at the bar and front window to sit with a cup of coffee and breakfast.  Except at 10:30 they had stopped serving breakfast so I had a scone instead - not a painful sacrifice but not the hot breakfast I'd anticipated.  The coffee choices had cutesie names.  I got the Americano, which turned out to be black coffee served in a huge wide mug that was impossible to carry without sloshing.  I sloshed my way to the sugar and cream stand and back to my spot at the counter, leaving a trail of Americano behind. The scone was good.
3	Stopped in for brunch on our one day Madison tour.  Placed our counter order and found a cozy corner to enjoy our brunch items.  Self serve coffee and water station worked for me.  I actually prefer it.  The tables were fashioned with hot sauce, ketchup, preserves, and salt/pepper.  Yes please.  Overall, a bit pricey for the taste level.  I ordered a brie and cremini mushroom omelet.  Too briney and earthy for my taste, but that was my fault for ordering a brie and mushroom combo.  The side salad was a refreshing addition but the house vinaigrette was a tad lackluster.  The house potatoes were a-ok after some salt sprinklin'.  My partner had the special of the day--an egg scramble with crab, spinach, red bell pepper, and brie.  Too much crab and nothing he would order again.  Our rosemary toast was also just ok.  I prefer my toast to be a bit more substantial and rustic.  I heard rave things about Marigold but didn't experience anything extra special.  I can create more magic in the kitchen than this place my friends.  I would give it another go though.  I want to believe.
5	If you want the perfect breakfast, well this is it.  It's so busy because it's delicious.
5	The best grilled cheese I have ever had! (Goat cheese & WI cheddar w/tomato & grilled to perfection!)
5	Marigold Kitchen is a solid lunch location.  The staff are nice, the restaurant ambiance is pleasant, and the food is really quite good for the price.The only thing I wish for the lunch menu is that there were a few more vegetarian options.  Though the vegetarian options they do have are delicious and keep me coming back.
4	A cozy spot just off the capital square with  a not to be missed breakfast selections all worth splurging over on your next visit
4	Ahh, yes, brunch on a Sunday after a long evening out ...This establishment has been on my list of places to go for a while, but the logistics of it just never worked out (I lived on the far west side and this is downtown), so when I had the chance to make it down here I lept on it! The food was quite good. I got the breakfast sandwich and my companions got the scramber. I would have to say that the sandwich was pretty amazing and I enjoyed every delicious bite! The scrambler, however, left something to be desired in my opinion ... I don't know what it was, but I just didn't really like it that much. We rounded out brunch with their French Toast which was covered in berries and cream! YUMMY! I would have to say that it was the highlight of the stop. :)The service was acceptable. You get in line and order at the counter and then just take a seat with your number, so all the server did was bring your food and keep you watered.I would definitely come again to brunch and recommend it as a stop if you are ever in Madison!
4	Great place, great location, friendly staff, fantastic food. One big complaint: too noisy. WAY too noisy. Favorite dish: the quiche, but if you want it for lunch,  get there early as it sells out quick if there is any left from breakfast.
5	In my three days visiting Madison, I came here twice.  As a person that likes to try as many different places as possible, this doesn't happen too much.  However, this place really is awesome.  Ok, yes, it's crowded for weekend brunch.  They are kinda slow in making the food.  But it makes sense.  The food is REALLY good.  I tried the scrambler, which came with the marigold potatoes and toast (I got the rosemary bread).  This morning, I got the french toast (came with maple syrup, sweet cream and fresh berries).  Both were awesome, and next time I'm in Madison, I'll be sure to go back!
5	The food was excellent. We walked in here randomly but was not disappointed.  Ordered the scrambler and a ham and parsley omelette.  Both were very good but were too close in taste.  Wish I would have tried something different.
3	Not busy on a Thursday.  Coffee okay, not great.  Friendly staff.  Had the "Scrambler", which had bacon,cheese, tomatoes, spinach in it.  Very nice.  Served with a side of roasted potatoes that were almost burnt.  A little too crispy and salty for me.
5	Great breakfast...friendly service, and the coffee was smooth and delish.  Very nice place.
4	A lovely breakfast place!  Kind of pricey but I can tell the food is fresh and high quality unlike Mickie s dairy bar,and it's definitely a healthier choice.
5	My husband and I were on a leisure visit to the city. We were especially interested in finding a cafe with really great healthy food. This restaurant was ranked high and the menu looked interesting. We loved this place! We had the daily scrambler with potatoes, which was so delicious paired with rosemary toast. I loved the decor and colors that I could relax and enjoy my surroundings. However, my husband and I would agree that the best part of our meal was the espresso! They knew how to pull the perfect shot and we enjoyed a couple of awesome Americanos. Unforgettable! Highly, highly recommend this place for breakfast...and espresso!
4	Better than average food. Cute little place for Bunch, and the quality is outstanding. Very wholesome, and fresh. Coffee is decent, not fantastic. Staff is very friendly. Try the french toast, the berries are really fresh and delicious.
4	I like to eat here for lunch. Their brunch is hugely popular but I don't have the patience for that. The staff is friendly, the food is excellent and there are good choices for vegetarians. I had them cater a lunch for a small group and that was excellent as well.
1	While the food at Marigolds is delicious, the service completely ruins the experience. They have a poor system of ordering at the counter and having food brought out, and when they do make a mistake, they don't admit it. They let you sit there for an hour waiting for food that won't ever come, and make you ask three times for your money back. Don't go here, the manager is an absolute idiot. What matters more, an accounting error that THEY made or maintaining halfway decent customer service?
4	Good selection overall.  We had a great breakfast sandwich, excellent if not messy fish tacos and good brunch drinks.  Friendly and professional staff.  Sit outside if you want peace and quiet with your eggs but the vibe and buzz inside is excellent.
4	We were starving when we had arrived at Marigold Kitchen, which came at a recommendation from our friend who lives in Madison for breakfast. Our timing was good as after we ordered the line was out the door even with the 100+ degree weather.I dig the concept of ordering your food then grabbing a table. When I got to the cash register I ordered a staple - eggs, potatoes and bacon with a side pancake. Eggs and bacon were good though the potatoes were amazing. They were scalloped, salted and crispy on the edges. The pancake was fluffy and big with some strawberries and butter and syrup -not bad for an extra $2.I would go back if I were to visit Madison again though my only gripe was that my food was warm and the others were cold, which was surprising given that the food is made and served to order.
5	My husband would give this restaurant 6 stars if he could :)  We enjoyed the breakfast and lunch we had here very much and highly recommend it!  Cool vibe too.
4	Great location, just off Capitol Square. Food is fresh and interesting and it's a lively scene. I go there whenever I'm in Madison. Breakfast, lunch and brunch are all great.
4	I had the French toast and it was delicious, possibly the best I've ever had. My boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed his scrambled eggs special. Took off a star simply because the coffee wasnt very good but this is a lovely place with great food. Would def recommend!
5	I was in town for a business meeting for a week and discovered Marigold's on the last two days July 16-17, 2011.  The breakfast was phenomenal.  I had a duck hash with dropped eggs and the second meal was their scrambler.  Both meals were cooked very well, and the service was surprisingly quick, considering how packed the restaurant was.  The staff were also very nice, and they have a nice side street location.....
4	I came up for the farmer's market but saw the many recommendations for here.  Definitely worth it to come here!  There is a parking garage nearby if you can't find parking at a meter.  Although there may seem to be a considerable line, there are 2 order takers who do a pretty good job.Then you have to find a table if you're not taking it to go.  When it gets full, there is a side waiting area where servers then help find you a table.  They always have a few specials mentioned on the big board, but I stick with some of the regulars.  The duck confit hash is great.  They use chunks of duck and their potatoes to create a solid breakfast meal along with your choice of eggs and a side salad.  The breakfast sandwich is pretty good as well since they toast their ciabatta bread.  It's a hearty start to the day.  The only drawback is that it can be pretty busy so it does take some time for orders to be filled and it's a little crowded inside.  Otherwise, a great option for brunch!
5	casual atmosphere, good prices, and fresh ingredients in the hands of able cooks. Its enjoyable every time i've been there.
5	One of the best breakfast joints I've ever eaten at. Had blueberry pancakes with almond orange butter. Breakfast ciabatta sandwich nicely rounded out the salty portion of the meal.Must go when you're in Madison.
4	I am in town with a big group and we were starving, so I yelped and we headed to Marigold for brunch/lunch/whatever. I didn't know it would be the order at the counter type of joint but that was fine with me, I love places like that. The atmosphere was cozy and cute albeit LOUD. It was hard to hear people at the other end of our table. I loved the menu - full of fresh dairy and produce from the land of cheese! I had an omelet with veggies and cheese, with salad, wheat toast and fruit. It was delicious. And a nice sized portion - enough for me (I am a big eater), but not so much that I was stuffed when I finished. The salad was awesome, the dressing was so light and it was the perfect amount. And the fruit was light on gross melon. Bueno. I would say the only thing I didn't like was that in our group the food took a widely varying time to come out - I would estimate that the first person got her food maybe 15 minutes before the last person. That is somewhat rude. Otherwise I would definitely come back all the time if I lived here, and next time I'm in town I will come back!
5	So delicious. I had the chile poached eggs with procuitto and manchago and toast with a side of yogurt. The yogurt tasted so fresh and flavorful even though it was plain. My husband had blueberry pancakes. They were good but nothing mind blowing. Coffee was good as well.
4	The duck confit hash is just pure indulgence.  I wouldn't come in expecting a duck breast that rivals that from le bec fin or sardine but the meat is decent and it was the first time that I had duck with potatoes and eggs for breakfast.  A novel combination but a very delicious one!  It was very crowded and busy but the food is good and cheap ($10 for the ash and a side salad).
3	Stopped here on the way up to Devils Lake for a quick bite to eat.  Had a really difficult time trying to find the place.  Had to circle the capital a few times to find the one-block-cut-off Pinckney St.  Beware out-of-towners.Have to say that my veggie sandwich was flavorful and yummy.  Zucchini, mushrooms and asparagus hit the spot.  The cabbage slaw was quite tasty as well.Will I be back?  Maybe not.  But stopping at random places with good yelp reviews is how I like to eat!  Even if it does make my husbamd cranky.
4	I've eaten breakfast and lunch here for years.  Consistently good food.  Fresh ingredients and a nice atmosphere.  Say hi to Mayor Dave or any other local politician while eating.
4	Stopped in for breakfast while visiting Madison. Very good food and a great atmosphere. I had a scrambler and hot chocolate. The food was very nice arriving with a side of potatoes and toast. The scrambler was a little bit runny but very good with ham, tomatoes, spinach, poblano peppers and cheddar cheese. The hot chocolate was unexpectedly excellent. I'd definitely eat here again.
5	On this warm sunny day in Madison we stopped by and enjoyed outdoor seating with a large delicious piece of quiche and a wonderful pot of tea. Highly recommended.
4	One of my favorite spots for breakfast and/or brunch in Madison.  It is worth the trip even if some say it's difficult to find.  I have never been disappointed with my food here and this place doesn't put a hole in your wallet.  I always go on the weekends so there's usually quite a bit of people there but it's worth the wait.  Besides, it's the weekend, and a great atmosphere to spend a lazy morning on a Saturday/Sunday.
5	Fantastic cherry-peach turnover.  Freshly made and Oh. My. God. so good.  Great little place, some tables outside which was lovely in August, when I was last there.  Busy, so we got there early and were lucky enough to get a nice spot outside.  Fantastic breakfast and will definitely be back next time I'm in Madison.
4	I absolutely loved their buttermilk pancakes, especially topped with almond orange butter. The combination of almond orange butter, powdered sugar, and maple syrup is just fantastic. I'd definitely order them again.The staff serves your breakfast directly to the table and even sets out your silverware for you--no unwrapping a napkin to get at your knife and fork. Friendly service, delicious food. It recommends itself.
1	Not kid friendly food.  Potatoes are not good.  Pastries looked tasty.
4	Couldn't think of a better breakfast place. 3 excellent options on the specials chalkboard, great coffee...you won't be disappointed!
5	I like this place most for its high-quality food, variety of options, and cozy atmosphere. They serve great vegetarian options, but I hear their angus burger is really good. It's a warm, unpretentious, and civilized place to meet with friends, and eat good food. If you're a student the price range may not fall within your list of daily go-to places, but it would definitely be top on my list if I am looking for a nice place to go with friends or family. P.S. The coffee is delicious and unlimited!
4	For a quick meal it can't be beat. We shared a caesar salad, which was done just right. I tried the veggie sandwhich, but think it would have been better if it wasn't served cold. I really like their sister restaurant, Sardines. Both have nice outdoor patios.
1	This is my first time in Madison and my first restaurant we visited.  Well if my experience at marigold kitchen is what Madison is about....this will be my last visit here.  When we approached the counter we were immediately treated as though we were NOT welcome.  I felt more like an inconvenience then a customer.  When we sat my food arrived 15 minutes before the rest of my table did so I ate cold food.  Marigold kitchen...you should be ashamed.  I would recommend McDonald's before marigold kitchen. Don't know the name of the pregnant woman who initially helped us but sounds like she makes a habit of treating customers poorly.
4	This place is easy to miss, but once you're in, you're hooked.  Cafe style ordering, with ordering at the counter, taking a number.  Nice part - wait staff checks on you once seated.  Now onto the gold part of marigold...Beet sandwich was so fresh and delicious tasting.  The portobello mushroom sandwich was the perfectly cheesy, yet light.  All the salads are pretty damn good.  Bloody Mary's are spicy and not too salty.  Coffee tastes fresh and is local.  All in all, a great place to grab a bite to eat, have brunch, or just chow down/sip while enjoying your paper.  There was a huge lunch rush around 1pm and it got packed fast, so either come before or after.
4	I have been to Marigold's several times. This is partly because it was close to my old place. I only go there for brunch. The place is really cute and cozy. Sometimes it's CRAZY busy so be prepared to wait. They have super good pancakes. This is mostly because the syrup is so good! Also their roasted potatoes are so yum! The breakfast sandwich is VERY good too.  Also I love that they always have great pastries. Say yes to the muffins!If you're in Madison, WI this is a nice place to have brunch.
4	This was my first visit to Marigold and I will definitely be going back!  It is situated right off of the Capitol and easy to find, not being from Madison myself I found it with some simple directions from a friend.I walked in and was very excited to try what was on the menu since where I live most of these options would not be available.  Browsing the menu I saw a disclaimer stating the use of fresh and locally grown items.  I love this!  You order and pay at the counter, fill your own coffee cup, and seat yourself.  The place was about half full so I picked one of the stools facing out the window to people watch while I ate.  Shortly after my food arrived, three perfectly cooked pancakes with butter and sliced strawberries (which I was not expecting), and two huge sausage links.  Everything tasted great and the coffee was hot.  This is definitely a popular place!  People were in and out for take out orders, and the line was 7 or 8 people long a couple of times while I was there, which made getting another coffee a slight challenge but not impossible.  Overall, the experience was a great one!  Staff is very nice and helpful, the atmosphere is relaxed with other patrons enjoying their breakfast and conversation, and the food is tasty.  I will for sure being going here again when I am back in town.
5	I headed to Marigold on a nice weekend morning and was pleasantly surprised. This restaurant is small, but comfy, and they have delicious food. I also like how you order and find a seat versus having a server, much more convenient. My friends and I sat at a window table and absolutely loved sun-soaking while enjoying breakfast. Would recommend!
4	We were in town for a Conference....and this place it top notch.
5	We were just in Madison for a few days, and looked up restaurants on yelp to make sure we're eat nothing but great food. The breakfast here sounded fantastic, and we were disappointed when we realized, as we arrived, that they had just stopped serving breakfast and our choices now were mostly all-American sandwiches.Lacking other breakfast options, we took our sad faces to the counter to order some sandwiches and coffee and were soon pleasantly surprised: That burger I ordered with no particular expectations might have just been the best burger of my entire life. So, so good. My partner said the same about the tilapia sandwich. I can't wait to come back here and try everything else (maybe even make it in time for breakfast).
4	Easily one of the best places in Madison to get breakfast, Marigold's never disappoints with its gourmet omelettes and daily scrambles, blueberry pancakes topped with orange-almond butter, and fresh sandwiches and salads. Your first big decision will be to determine if your taste buds lean salty or sweet. The baked goods in the glass display next the the register will make you drool as you pay your bill, and go great with the coffee and fresh-squeezed juices on offer. In the summertime, its outdoor seating is an additional perk, but be prepared to wait regardless because this place has a good reputation in the city and is almost always packed on weekend mornings.
5	This place is darling and seriously delicious. My boyfriend and I came on a weekend around 12ish. It was busy but there were a few tables open. I personally like the whole pay-at-the-counter thing. It's just easy. Coffee is self serve and AWESOME. Really strong, just the way I like it. I'm giving this place 5 stars because the food was really top-notch. Such fresh, quality ingredients...you can truly taste the difference. I got the french toast and it blew my mind. My boyfriend got one of the omelettes and was in love as well. I stole one of his potatoes and it alone was pretty amazing. Plus it's really cute inside. :)Will be coming back when I'm back in Madison!
3	I visited twice in a two day span for breakfast while in town for business. Food was consistently good if not spectacular. Breakfast options include mostly standard fare,.with fresh and local ingredients emphasized. Second morning they were out of the special, a duck confit hash, by midmorning. I went for the scrambler with chorizo and roasted peppers and it was ok, with eggs on the watery side. The orange marmalade was good...nice difference from standard jams.
4	The only reason Marigold's doesn't have a higher rating is because you will most likely need to wait in a really long line before you order and are seated.Other than that, the food here is exceptional.  This is another organic local restaurant in Madison, but they specialize in Breakfast/Lunch.  The food really is exceptional. Most places I go to, I usually think what here can I make on my own for significantly less.  There are very few places that can have as simple menus as Marigold's but have a result of me saying, 'I really can't replicate this'.  The breakfast sandwich is astoundingly simple, delicious, and impossible to reproduce.  The cream sauce they put on it is just ridiculous.  They're really well known for their french toast, which is really good, but isn't as unique.  They're specialty duck confit hash is something you will never be able to have elsewhere and is absolutely delicious.One big thing is don't be tricked into the orange juice.  It's expensive and the amount is so miniscule as to be laughable.
5	I was searching Madison for a delicious bacon egg and cheese, and I found it. Their breakfast sandwich was probably the best I've ever never made. Each ingredient was a little unique in its own way (though I dont quite remember its exact makeup at this moment).The staff is extremely friendly, and nice. A glass jar containing tea leaves broke behind the counter, and they still had smiles, no signs of negativity towards one another in the public eye  -which make the customer smile.If I had one complaint, they serve cold brewed iced coffee without any sweetener. Adding sugar to the cold coffee just doesn't sweeten it up as it should, leaving lots of sugar at the bottom. I still enjoyed the coffee though, very rich flavor.I'm glad they gave me a paper menu to take back home so I can oogle at what I may get next time I'm in Madison.
5	One of the better cafes I've been to! As soon as you step in the door, you notice the bright, sunny, modern interior, which gives the place a great vibe. I noticed that they also had fresh flowers throughout the cafe, making for a homely and inviting feel. I had the breakfast sandwich, it was so yummy! I think I'll have it again next time I'm back in Madison. Coffee was pretty good: a bit too frothy and not quite as hot as I'd like but this was not a biggie as the food was excellent :)
4	I brunched al fresco on a gorgeous Saturday morning. I drove from Lombard, IL to get here. I had the quiche special, a blackberry and orange muffin, and fresh squeezed OJ. All of it was DIVINE! The quiche was the largest I've ever seen. Everyone that walked by commented in some form at the size of the quiche. It was as delicious as it was large. The place was packed when I got there and waited in line to place my order. The line moved quite quickly, so that was nice.I'd definitely come back here to experience more of their menu. The wait staff were all very friendly too! :)
4	They have excellent brunch on weekends, the pancakes are not to be missed.
5	i looooooove this place, especially for breakfast/brunch. the breakfast sandwich is delicious, the lunch menu always has a good mix of filling sandwiches & salads... order + pay at the counter, pick a seat, eat, leave a tip for servers delivering food and checking on ya, walk out happy.
4	Came here for breakfast on a recent visit to Madison.  Split the french toast and artichoke omelet with a friend.  Both were amazing.  They even let me bring my new puppy (we had to sit outside).  Only issue was that the sun was blazing and they didn't have any umbrellas for outdoor seating.  We waited until there was a bit of shade behind a tiny, skinny tree and sat down.  Would have been much better with an umbrella, but the food was great.
4	Duck hash, oatmeal and coffee were all good. Not a bad place for some nice brunch.
3	Went for brunch.  I should have trusted my instincts and walked out upon seeing the price for biscuits and gravy = $12.  Instead,  we stayed and had a good--though seriously overpriced and undersized--meal.My french toast was $10.  Tasty, to be sure, great fluffy texture, cooked perfectly, with several nice sauces poured over the little pile.  And I might've been ok with the price if only there were more on the plate.  But only three triangles of french toast?  Where was the fourth?  (On someone else's plate, I had to assume.)  What sense does it make to deprive me of that half-slice of French toast?  Surely not pricing sense, as it couldn't cost much of anything.  The berries on the plate were ripe and plump.  But there were a total of two black berries and two raspberries.  For color, I guess.Can't praise the quality of the link sausages.  A side of three sausages were an extra $3.  They weren't bad.  They were just small, with the most pedestrian flavor, no smoke, no spice, no herbs.  Cooked.  That's all one could really say about them.So at $13 my plate left me pretty hungry and very sad.  I perfectly expect to pay prices like that for farm to table restaurant food.  But don't let me walk away sad.
4	The best brunch in Madison? Definitely in the running. This place was incredible - lots of options to accommodate everyone in your party and they make great scrambles. In fact, the only thing keeping them from getting 5 stars from me was their limited selection of vegetarian options - but they easily accommodated me and my scramble without the ham was still phenomenal. Also pleasantly surprising was their French rosemary toast - delicious!! The staff are warm and welcoming, and repeatedly apologized for the 15-minute wait (they shouldn't blame themselves for being so popular!!) -- I left feeling very full and very happy. I'll be a regular here!
5	AMAZING!!!  The scrambler is unmatched and those marigold potatoes... Wow. You must go here.
4	Been there many times since it opened 13+ years ago.  Don't recall any disappointments.  Their fried breakfast potatoes are so so good.  Today I have a fried egg and ham sandwich with frisee and the combination of flavors and textures was superb.  My wife had chile poached eggs (which I have had in the past and loved) and she loved them (and the potatoes of mine that she poached from my plate).  I don't think you can go wrong here.  It can get crowded but I've never had to wait for a table.  Parking on the square is free on Sundays, so that's a reason to go on Sunday vs. Saturday when the Farmer's Market makes it extra crowded.
4	Went here for Sunday brunch and all I can say is, YUM! My little nephew likes it so well that he went back two days in a row and got the same thing- French toast. You order at the counter and they have a lot to choose from! I got a zucchini omelette that came with greens and potatoes and toast. I will say that I would have wished for more toast and fewer potatoes, but I also supplemented that with a fruit plate so it was all good. The carrot cake looked amazing but I didn't want to get back in line. There is a little pressure to finish quickly to turn over the table, but the ingredients are natural and delicious and it's such a cute place that that kind of negates any small drawbacks.
3	Great central location-helpful staff.Breakfast sandwich and zucchini, red pepper goat cheese omelette were delicious.Coffee is excellent. I would return in a heartbeat although very loud music under speakers in several spots would lead me to sit outside.Very very busy at 10am on a Friday: how noisy would it be on a weekend?Ditch the music- the sound of happy customers is the best music of all.
3	i felt very blah about my food.  i feel bad because i wasn't in the best of mood for brunch food, but am trying to rate without that in mind.now, mind my snobiness, but we have some damn good brunch in chicago, and unfortunately this place just couldn't live up to my windy city standards.  the pancakes were good but a bit flat for my taste - as in, not poofy.  i know this is the new pancake fashion, flat cakes with compote of some sort, but it wasn't wow-ing.  the potatoes were okay, extremely greasy and IMO not seasoned well, instead depending on its spicy greasy sauce instead.  whatever.  anyway, the boyfriend seemed to enjoy my pancakes much more than i did, but wasn't thrilled with his special scrambler.  unfortunately it was made with lots of green onion and the potatoes have them, as well, so it was a little too much green onion overall.  the jam sitting out on the table was delicious and coffee was good, too.overall good, but not wowing.
5	Marigold's takes the cake for the most delicious poached eggs I've ever had.  Talk about a food memory, I was here for a conference weeks ago and I can still remember the chili poached eggs with prosciutto and manchego cheese.  And with coffee and a tip, it was still less than $12.  Fan-tas-tic.  The place is sunny and clean, the staff is friendly, and everyone at my table was blown away by the quality of their food.  I was particularly jealous of my friend's French toast, which was piled high with berries and looked truly excellent.  Definitely worth a stop-in for brunch!
4	I've come here a handful of times, and never had anything bad. I did get one uninspiring scramble once, so I will avoid that item...but all together a solid menu.Recently, after getting a haul at the DCFM on Saturday morning, we popped in(and yes, it was BUSY). I decided to finally try the breakfast sandwich that my boyfriend has always raved about(and usually ordered). Oh. My. Gloriousness. Pretty much the perfect sandwich, if a bit messy. Sadly, after sitting at the counter in view of the cooking action(*deliciousness spoiler alert*), I don't think my conscience will ever let me get the breakfast potatoes again. No person needs to ingest that much butter in one sitting--or one week. We're talking big whopping dollops going into the skillet.
4	I have been a few times now and always leave happy. The duck confit hash was great. The steel cut oats were great. The tuna melt is the best I've ever had. And one time I had a burger that was delicious. However, they get a few things wrong. I haven't had everything on the menu so I can't speak to everything but I have had a few things I didn't like. Their soups, for instance, don't always come out tasting as great as they sound. I have had one that was incredibly salty, and another that was just bland. Also, all of their sandwiches come with a red cabbage salad which should be delicious. But, instead it comes out tasting like a sour mess filled with what I think are fennel seeds, maybe anise. And to upgrade to a classy green salad smothered with balsamic costs another 1.50...who the hell upcharges for greens?All in all their food is great and I feel safe ordering anything on the menu, except for soups. Also, next time I will just ask for nothing on the side as the mound of red cabbage always tempts...but also always disappoints.
4	I came here to have my last lunch in Madison. Needless to say, everything I had was fresh and a great combination of flavors. I'm so sad that I discovered it so late. Makes my tummy sad, but probably good for my waistline.
4	Thanks to Yelp, we found this place for brunch on a beautiful Sunday in Madison. We arrived half an hour after they opened, and they were already packed.  Something to get used to was ordering from the counter before you can grab a seat---I can see this being chaotic in spite of an "brunch etiquette" sign posted inside.  The artichoke omelette I ordered was served generously with toast, house potatoes and mixed greens.  Next time, I will order the breakfast sandwich that looked scrumptious from across the table. It took all of me not to order from their pastry selection but my husband did grab a few of their cinnamon doughnuts.  Friendly service and decent coffee drinks made this an excellent choice.
5	Marigold Kitchen is definitely a great brunch option in downtown Madison! I went here with a friend on a Saturday morning after the Dane County Farmers Market. If I had any doubt of whether Marigold would be good, the full tables and line almost to the door answered that question for me. Despite being so busy, by the time we had placed our order, a table opened up and we could sit down right away.We treated ourselves to mimosas, which were great (!) and the perfect thing to sip on while we waited for our food. The scrambler of the day was delicious (although I can't remember exactly what was in it). I will gladly return to Marigold Kitchen!
5	I go to bed looking forward to breakfast. If someone informs me that they do not eat breakfast-- I take that as an open invitation to force my belief of the importance of breakfast upon them. That being said, I'm a creature of habit. I have the same things each morning and RARELY will give them up for eggs, omelettes, scramblers, etc., which often leave me feeling full, lethargic, and disappointed.Enter Marigold Kitchen:Your breakfast sandwich is amazing (fried egg, cheddar-spiked boursin, applewood smoked bacon, tomato and green onion on toasted ciabatta). It's the perfect combination of all the right flavors. Greasy? Heavy? Absolutely not. Incredibly rich? Yes.It will be crowded on Saturday and Sunday mornings, but the staff does a surprisingly good job at moving people through and clearing tables.
4	Amazing brunch!
4	I love Marigold. It is our go to spot for breakfast when we are in Madison.  Everything we have ordered has been wonderful. Great coffee and cappuccino as well. The only drawback is that it is very small and almost always crowded, but the staff does a great job keeping the food coming and tables moving.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.
4	The hardest part is deciding what to eat and, so far, I've discovered that you can't go wrong.I've been several times for lunch and brunch. Ordering off the printed menu is always solid and so are the daily specials. Chili braised chicken sandwich is my lunch pick and the chorizo corn omelet is my breakfast go-to. The salads are also great and super satisfying. One word of warning: there's bound to be a loooong wait at peak times, so try to beat the crowd.
4	Excellent. A great breakfast (The Scramble) and an even better latte.
5	OMG I love this place, best breakfast place I've been to in Madison so far. The duck confit was amazing. They are super busy but the wait was totally worth it.  Service was fast and friendly. I went when it was still a little warm outside when they had outdoor seating and the waitress still checked on us regularly. I will definitely go back.  =)
3	This was a yummy place suitable for breakfast or brunch. You can tell they use fresh ingredients and their menu selection is pretty healthy. The format is an order at the counter and pick a table deal. It was pretty crowded on a Sunday and my family and I had to watch to snag a table. I'm not going to lie, I wasn't completely full after this meal. Who know, maybe I was just starving? But if I was still hungry, I can only imagine how my dad was feeling and he ate the same dish as me.
5	This is my favorite breakfast place in town. Great atmosphere, outdoor seating when the weather's right. Their food and specials are all fantastic, and the bloody marys are great. Try the scrambler special.
4	This is probably my favorite brunch place in Madison. Marigold Kitchen has different specials from season to season and changes pretty often. Most of these specials are pretty good. As for their regular brunch menu, I think my favorite items from here are their omelettes, and I do believe I've tried them all. They offer healthy and appetizing ingredients, and somehow they just make them better than other places. My favorite is the one with zucchini and goat cheese. Other than the omelettes, the french toast and the quiches here are also scrumptious. I've never been here on a weekday, but I can assure you that brunch on Saturdays and Sundays requires you to wait quite a bit. Try to go before 10 AM or after 2 PM.
4	Two words: Breakfast Sandwich.  Super cute place with yummy food.  We also got a single pancake to try which was delish.  The orange almond butter on top was to die for.
5	When I get a text that says "meet for brunch at noon" from my best friend, I don't even have to ask where. You only have to specify a location if you aren't going to Marigold. Of course, there is one serious problem with Marigold. I end up having a heart-wrenching, philosophical dilemma every time I go there: savory or sweet? It would be an easy decision to make if one menu item from either camp stood out above the rest, but everything is so good! I don't even notice the wait because I spend the whole time I'm in line making a pros and cons list between two of the items in my head. It's all very emotional for me.By the time I get to the front of the line, the turmoil I am experiencing is plain to see. The girl at the register asks me what I'll have and I just stammer, "ummm ummm ummm...." and begin to panic. But just when I start to hyperventilate, my friend jumps in. "We'll split the duck confit hash and the french toast."  That's why he's my best friend.
4	So I'm obviously very much a latecomer to the Marigold scene, but I do have to comment on a couple of this cute restaurant's offerings.  The red cabbage slaw is maybe the best substitute for a side of chips to go with your sandwich like, really, forever.  It's a tangy vinegar slaw, rather than mayonaissey sweet.  A perfect sprinkling of caraway, and hmm... is that cumin?  Crisp, crunchy, savory & sour.The open-faced tuna melt was also brilliant.  Bread-&-butter pickles instead of relish -- so simple, yet so good.  But God, I love that slaw!
3	Brunch was delicious. The baked goods are especially noteworthy. And my pancake craving was definitely satisfied.But be warned if you are planning on grabbing a meal here on a weekend, plan on waiting in line in a bizarre Soup Nazi style seating system. You see, since you order at the counter, you'd think finding a table would be first come first serve like most any other restaurant on the planet where you order at the counter. Instead, finding a table or even a seat at the bar and then ordering is verboten. Instead you will be instructed to order your food first and then look around sheepishly for somewhere to sit and eat it. I imagine on normal days this isn't a problem, but for weekend brunch, it means you might find yourself with a plate of delicious brunch items and nowhere to consume it. The effect of course is to give the dining experience a conveyer belt quality in which you feel rushed to eat and go. At the very least, you find yourself averting your eyes from the poor souls standing around eying your plates and checking their watches. Basically the opposite of what brunch is supposed to be like: leisurely. But again, the food itself was delicious.
5	This is perplexing! How have I yet to write a review for Marigold?Doesn't matter if it's breakfast, brunch or lunch I always enjoy my time at MK. To be honest (look out) it's my favorite in the Sardine/Gates&Brovi/Marigold food empire. Staff is so darn pleasant, they have an efficient way of keeping people moving, and their specials are always mouthwatering interesting. During Chanukah this past year they were frying up latkes that were bomb! On their normal menu I love the scrambler with sausage and you can't go wrong with the french toast. Holy cow it's good. I want to continue to work my way through the menu because I have some stand-bys that I continue to go back for time and time again. They're just so good!
5	Great food. Can get very crowded. One of the best breakfast places in Madison, but skip if you do not want to wait in line.
5	Excellence dwells within Marigold Kitchen.Yes, this place sets itself apart from other breakfast places for sure. The food shines.Marigolds keeps up with Madison's lovely tendency towards fresh, quality ingredients; this, coupled with the way that they put these ingredients together makes for an always wondrous breakfast experience. The flavor profiles of all of their dishes are a notch or two above your traditional breakfast fare.Oh my goodness, the potatoes. That is, the side of breakfast potatoes that come with most meals are to-die-for. Such flavorful goodness.I so appreciated the perfectly-cooked, delicious, not greasy egg whites and the healthy size portion of bacon.Not to mention, they had such a broad array of equally delicious breads: rye, wheat, sourdough, french rosemary. Making that decision wasn't easy, let me tell ya.BUT you haven't heard anything yet until you hear about their pancakes. Don't even get me started on the pancakes. The orange butter/syrup that they serve alongside these cakes makes these the pancakes to beat. Absolute heaven on a plate. If this orange syrup doesn't sound like your cup of tea you should really still try it. It is so good. And that's coming from someone who's not too fond of adding fruity things to other aspects of a meal. Normally, I like my fruit and I like my pancakes, separate that is. But no, you simply must try this pairing.Overall, the food is great and the location is ideal. Quaint spot that I highly recommend to all.
4	I love Marigold Kitchen. I just. love. it.. The service is pleasant. The food is inventive and tasty. The atmosphere is a-buzz with downtown energy.It's often hard to find a table and one out of 5 times I've been there, the food was only great (rather than fantastic) so that's the reason for the 1 star deduction.Still, one of my favorite lunch spots near the square.Their daily specials and soups are not to be missed. Also, amazing macaroons.
4	One of my favorite stops for a sandwich and soup. It is usually very busy but I've always been able to get a seat and enjoy a variety of sandwiches and soups. It is a delight.
5	The Marigold has the best breakfast anywhere--period.  The food here puts Milwaukee's "Blue's Egg" to shame so badly that I would drive to Madison and back just because Marigold is that much better.  The pancakes with the lemon ricotta?  Um, yes, please!  They are goodness in flapjack form!  The scrambles are always fresh, inventive, and perfectly cooked.  Marigold does not overcook their eggs.  This is cause for great joy!The omelets are fantastic, too.  My favorite is the Chorizo sausage, roasted sweet corn relish, and sharp cheddar (I skip the cilantro)...which simply sings.I generally avoid places where you have to walk up, order, then fight for a table--but the food here is *SO* good that I make an exception.Have breakfast or brunch at the Marigold.  If you go on a weekend, be prepared to wait.  If you can't deal with the wait, go on a weekday or during a tsunami or something.  There are people standing around waiting because the food is incredibly delectable.
4	Nice brunch atmosphere, friendly service. Welcoming to kids. Very good quiche. Potatoes a little spicier than expected.
5	Love coming here for brunch! The omelettes and pancakes here are of such high quality.. we lived in SF and Boston prior to moving to Madison and this is on par with brunches we've had there. Our toddler gets up early which suits us well so we can get to Marigold Kitchen before the crowds arrive!
4	Love the food - not a fan of the atmosphere though.  The blueberry pancakes with the orange butter are fabulous and have completely changed the way I make pancakes at home.  I also love the breakfast sandwich - so good!  The one thing I don't like about the place is how loud it is - the acoustics of the place just seem to amplify everything and it gets too loud for me to really enjoy if it's super busy.
5	Love it! Such Amazing Food!!!Breakfast sandwich is wonderful and service is delightful. Came here while in town for just a few days and sort of fell in love with the atmosphere. Lovely food and people. Coffee and tea is top notch and everything on the menu is fresh/creative/organic/local. The prices are also very reasonable considering the portions.
3	Breakfast take out from here is a great back up plan now that Graze stopped doing hot breakfast during the week.  The toast isn't as tasty, but the service is spot on and comes with a smile -- which is important early in the morning. Hits: Call ahead ordering Misses: Nothing to report. (Can be a wait for seating, but that's a good thing as the years of quality has built up a loyal client base.) Hints: Ask for no butter on toast, unless you really like butter.
4	Fantastic food and a great Bloody Mary. Spicy like you know you want it.
5	I am a fan of breakfast. Especially unique, high quality options in an eclectic environment. Marigold's delivers. In fact, I am hesitant to try other breakfast options. We went to a local crepe place in Madison this weekend. They did a decent job but it was not a breakfast I would return for. If you want a menu that varies but holds on to local favorites, and has excellent coffee/latte/etc options, even mimosa's on Sundays (maybe everyday, we always go on Sunday morning) give this place a try. They have a to go option but I love getting a spot at the counter and feeling the breakfast vibe! Your plate arrives with the kind of breakfast you want to make at home-and it only gets better when someone makes it for you!!
4	Went there for my bi-annual brunch with a couple friends. Wow. Totally delicious!I got the omelet with chorizo, roasted red peppers, sweet corn relish, cheddar cheese and cilantro.The veggies were ultra-fresh, the cheese nice and sharp, and that oh-so-delicious cilantro tied the whole omelet together. Their potatoes are pretty awesome, too.Oh yeah, and the servers are INSANELY friendly, unpretentious...it's a wonderful place to grab brunch, sit back and relax. I loved it!NOW, to be fair--I can't give it five stars because, well, Sophia's...but keep this in mind--it's pretty damn excellent food.
2	I have visited twice this month.  Poor food both times:  first visit a hair in food (dish was sent back to kitchen), today cold over easy eggs (yuck) and a quiche that never arrived.  I will not be returning.
4	Despite the wait on weekends, the food is totally worth it.  I love their omelets and their rosemary sourdough toast.
5	Love everything. Egg white scrambler, amazing potatoes, rosemary toast, blueberry pancakes all delicious!! They have loose leaf tea, the pu-erh tea with ginger was amazing... Service is good, but it gets a little cramped and you're sitting back to back with someone at the peak times.Interesting, though. You have to get in line and pay first, and then you get seated and you get your food. The line can be out the door, but it goes by quick and it's totally worth it!!
4	Have become a weekly regular for breakfast.  Amazing fresh food and the coffee is fantastic.
4	You either "get it" or you don't at marigolds. My mother, a visitor to our fair city, deemed marigolds to be too crowded at 1130 on a Sunday morning. She has never seen it at 930 on a Saturday morning. Once my parents initial shell shock of the hustle and bustle around us wore off, we were able to score some seats and wait for our breakfast.If you know me, I am a Bloody Mary snob. That bing said, the bloody I had at marigolds was delicious. The mix and seasonings used in the mix were balanced well, and I could sense just the right amount of vodka without it being overpowering. Between all of us that went out for my bday brunch, I must have tried just about everything. From the scones, to the daily scrambler, to the pancakes, to the French toast, to the quiche, to the breakfast Sammie that was on special that day, everything was great.My qualm? The coffee. It was exceptionally bitter. And I am a lover of bitter and sour tasting things. Something was just...off. These things happen.We got in, we got seated, we got served. Great bday brunch in an adorable, brightly lit restaurant.
4	Tried Marigolds at the recommendation of our waitress at Graze (up the street) and was pretty impressed by the food. The sidewalk seating is nice in the morning and they did a great job of getting our food out quickly. I had the breakfast sandwich (fried egg, cheddar-spiked boursin, applewood smoked bacon, tomato and green onion on toasted ciabatta for $6.50) which was delicious and definitely big enough for a good breakfast. Pros: fresh food, fast serviceCons: busy on weekends, OJ a bit overpriced
5	Delicious!  You order at the counter and then find seating.  Even though the place was very busy, the waiters were very helpful in finding us seating and getting us through the ordering/seating process quickly.  The food was fantastic and every person in our 6 party group loved their meals.  They also gave the 1 child in our group a free cupcake for eating all of his breakfast.  All around, a great experience.
3	One of my close friends took a trip out to Madison, and raved about Marigold Kitchen upon her return. I made a mental note to check it out if I was ever in the area, and the day happened a lot sooner than I expected. Unfortunately, my experience wasn't nearly as exciting as I had hoped it would.This may have something to do with my vegetarianism. There is a limited number of savory vegetarian breakfast items on the menu, but it's never too hard for me to find something I want to eat. I opted to get an omlette, which tasted fine. But, that was the problem for me-- it was fine, but it was also surprisingly boring. The omlette was good, but I've had countless omlettes that tasted better.  The potatoes were delicious, until my oversalted second bite. The most exciting part of my meal was the rosemary toast not necessarily because it was the most delicious part, but because it was the most unique.For all the hype, I had expected some pretty spectacular food; instead, I found pretty good food.  Marigold Kitchen does have a great environment though-- fast and service, cozy decor, friendly atmosphere, all lending to a good, if not memorable, experience.
4	My family and I tried this place out this morning and it was really good. I think my wife loved the cinnamon doughnut muffins the most. The breakfast was pretty standard and my son ate all of his food. Any place where my son can clean the plate is a good place to me. I like the atmosphere of the place and that you order your food, tip and pay before your food is served. That is cool. With kids, I hate waiting for checks. I wish more places did this. The Capitol is right outside the restaurant. Just a good food place and I picked this place based on reviews from Yelp, so I will add on to the fan crowd.
5	I came here based on my friend Sarah Z's review as well as another friend.  This place was crazy busy packed with a line out the door when we arrived, but somehow there was a table cleared and ready for us by the time we placed out order.  You place your order at the counter and then find a seat.  I couldn't believe how quick the turnover was.  It's like people know it's busy and don't sit around and linger.The menu isn't crazy extensive, but there's a lot of deliciousness.  They also have daily (or maybe it's weekly) specials. We split an orange poppy seed muffin which was a little bit dry out the outside, but the middle was still nice and moist - downside of being beautifully displayed in the bakery case.  The flavor was great.  The orange juice my boyfriend ordered was super fresh and delicious.  I ordered the chili poached eggs with came with rosemary toast, proscuitto, and manchego cheese.  It wasn't as spicy as I was expecting which was okay with me because I was mildly worried about it being too spicy for my tastes.  The boyfriend got the chorizo omlette.  The marigold potatoes that came with his breakfast were awesome, and I totally wished I had ordered a side of them for myself.
5	I really liked this place will definitely visit again..
4	Just stopping in yesterday morning.  I haven't been in a couple of years, so it was exciting to return.  We ordered the chile poached eggs on toast with coffee.  Presentation was beautiful, 2 perfect white eggs with chile flakes.  It looked amazing but size wise I was a little disappointed.  Food tasted perfect.  Coffee was perfect.  Overall glad for the visit but a little bummed that it was not a WOW experience.
5	Love this place! Next time we're back in Madison, Marigold Kitchen will be on our must-stop list for brunch. We had two of the specials. The eggs were fluffy and creamy and cooked perfectly with pancetta, ricotta, herbs and Parmesan.  The granola pancakes were amazing with honey butter and berries. The menu is full of unique, delicious options - hard to decide!
3	Living just two blocks away from this weekend brunch mecca, and having bought a $125 gift card for $100 on my first visit, I really wanted to like this place.  I really, really wanted to.Food:Pancakes (Buckwheat, Peach, Buttermilk, etc.): $7-$10-While they tout using only the freshest and finest ingredients, they don't seem to use enough of them.  The pancakes overall are somewhat bland, and everything tastes similar.  In the end, you're really just eating a maple syrup conveyor.Duck Confit Hash: $9.95Judge an ice-cream shop by its vanilla, sure.  But if you put the poultry Inception that is duck confit on the menu, I'm going to try it.-The duck confit was remarkably dry for something that had supposedly been rendered in its own fat, and definitely was not worth even the ten bucks they were asking.-While I was hoping it was made into a hash in order to stretch a small quantity of great duck into a larger serving, it seems that the hash was more a method to hide the fact that you were just being served bits of salty duck.Ambiance:  The real reason I rated this place so low is because of the overall dining environment.  It would be two stars, were it not for the fact that I know I'm going during their busiest times.If you come here during the weekend, it will be packed.Chances are, nobody will greet you or explain anything to you, but that's fine as you will have stood in a line by the time you entered the first door.  This line leads directly to the cash register, but does wrap around a pillar that holds the menus, so you can figure out what you want while you watch other people eat.If you decide to grab a seat before ordering (seems reasonable, right?), you will be informed (loudly enough for everyone else in line to get the memo) that guests should please refrain from trying to get seats prior to ordering.  Alright, message received, the cluster' will begin after you pay.You'll order, sit down at the waiting area that is pleasantly placed right next to the restrooms, holding your number tag like a branded cow, and desperately look for the next group to leave (It's best to have any females in the party have a scarf or purse handy to drop on the seat to claim territory, as -from experience- other parties will be doing the exact same thing).The aforementioned just-okay food will arrive, and you can finally eat.  They bring you your coffee as well, and you can finish your meal in relative peace.--That is--, unless you arrived at a time that they were so busy, that there was still a line as you were finishing your meal.  In that case, their staff is apparently trained to actually ask you to either finish up your conversation and leave, or migrate to a smaller table so that they can seat another party.Keep in mind, this is about two minutes after you pay your check, and are just trying to drink down the last bit of coffee.  By no means do you need to make any effort to delay your own exit for this wonderful display of hospitality to occur.What in the absolute hell kind of place, one block away from the Capitol, doesn't have any consistent or fair seating logistic when the line goes out the door, and asks their own patrons to either leave or change tables when they are literally 95% of the way through their meal?In summary, this location has honestly been a terrible way to start my weekends 3 times out of 4, may be better during weekdays but I do not have the schedule for that, and is really only worth going to if you want to see or be seen by rich housewives taking their preppy children out to brunch.
4	On any given day, the breakfast dishes at Marigold range from phenomenal to un-freaking-believably-good. On any given day, the service system at Marigold ranges from mildly inconvenient to mind-blowingly frustrating. There are enough reviews here that sing the praises of Marigold's food. I wholeheartedly agree with them all - so instead I'm going to try and offer some suggestions that can help you navigate the conundrum that is Marigold's seating situation. As noted per other reviews, you stand in line to order at the counter - then wait in the little waiting area - then an employee leads you to a table. At least, that's how it's supposed to work. On my most recent visit, however, people were grabbing tables while they were still in line. These folks probably didn't see the teeny tiny sign outside the restaurant that lays out the table etiquette - most likely due to the fact that the sign is indeed, teeny tiny. When this happens, Marigold employees have to decide whether to 1) ask these people to get up, which is awkward or 2) let them sit there, which screws over people waiting patiently after ordering at the counter. I think Marigold could do a better job of communicating the seating policy  -either by having a full-time host at the front of the restaurant or posting more signage. Probably both. Until they change the policy though - I would not suggest dining at Marigold with a large group unless you arrive very early or late in the dining cycle. I would not suggest eating at Marigold if you want to sit and chat for an hour or two over food (you will feel awkward with people staring at you while waiting for your table). What I will suggest is going to Marigold with a small group, 2-4 people, and following the seating etiquette. The employees will find you a spot - and if others are snagging tables before they're supposed to - give them the stink eye or say "screw it" and grab a table yourself. The experience is less frustrating if you know what to expect - and the food at Marigold really is worth it.
4	Very good breakfast. You can tell a lot of care is taken with the food. Very friendly staff and nice casual atmosphere.
5	Stands out as one of the best parts of my year in Madison. They have a great set up where you wait through a line to order, and by the time you've placed your order there is always a table open (and don't be one of those people who takes a table before ordering. You mess it up for everyone else and I promise, they work their marigold magic and something will open up before you get your food, even at noon on a Sunday). So great atmosphere, friendly staff, fun restaurant. Where they really stand out, is the food. I am going to try to recreate the chile poached eggs at home, but I know it won't be as good. I don't know what they do to the potatoes, but YUM. The ever-changing pancakes? Always creative and amazing. And make sure you try the rosemary sourdough. If I ever make it back to Madison, this will be my first stop. Thanks for a delicious year, Marigold!
2	Watery coffee. Tea water lukewarm. Food unexceptional. Noisy. Why all the stars again?
5	Superb breakfast. French toast was excellent.  Rest of the table had the daily specials.  They were also impressive.
5	Banana toasted coconut pancake are pretty much the only reason to get out of bed on Sunday. Add to this the fact that Merchant doesn't have a Sunday brunch, this really is the only reason to be on that block.
5	The potatoes. THE POTATOES. I am guilty of going to Marigold and ordering just a double side of potatoes because the perfectly seasoned fried awesomeness is craveworthy and it's NOTHING to be ashamed of.That being said, if I'm craving the sides just think about the main dishes. Fresh seasonal fruits and veggies, classic breakfast dishes turned on their heads. Every time I visit I'm inspired to go home and attempt to create peach blackberry or chocolate zucchini muffins that will look half as delicious as just ONE of the things in their baked goods case.I tried the granola pancakes this morning (a special which came with fresh berries). Somehow they made crunchy and fluffy work together in harmony to create a masterpiece of texture. Add real maple syrup and you've lost me.
4	GET OUT OF THE HOTELThere is one thing I can't stand and it is eating in a hotel run restaurant. Many business travelers eat at a hotel out of convenience. It's close to your room and toothbrush. I like to go outside the box. I can't stand the powdered eggs, lumpy oatmeal, tasteless pancakes, greasy bacon and burnt toast. I need something fresh to start my day. A few years ago I came across this place and they open at 7am. I love getting out of my hotel room and grabbing a table outside here. Luckily the weather has been pleasant on the times I have visited here.  I imagine dinning outside in February would be brutal plus the coffee would freeze. This place is also located down the street from the Wisconsin Capital. There website claims you can hit it with one of there muffins because its so close. Is that a challenge? Plus will you bail me out of jail? I'll wait for a message from you before ever trying that. Ha! (On a side note...Dear Gov Walker I would never do that...I was just adding humor to my Yelp Review)I've tried a few things on the menu, over the years. I do love grabbing a fresh brewed coffee and/or a fresh squeezed OJ. I've also tried the breakfast egg sandwich and the omelette with ham & gruyere cheese on several different occasions. Both breakfast items were delicious. Also the eggs they use are farm fresh and organic. You can really taste the freshness plus its good for you.  I have never tried the lunch menu because I'm usually stuck working but the breakfast is good here. It is places like this that make my travels fun. It is always exciting to find a delicious new fresh place to eat on the road. The sad part is leaving Madison, after my work is done and then heading home. I never know if I will ever come back and visit, until work sends me this way...the good thing is that Madison is not too far from Chicago, so I can always take a road trip. If you're in your Madison hotel room reading this at breakfast or lunch (they close at 3pm on weekdays and 2pm on weekends), then it's time to sneak by the crappy breakfast lobby bar and get some real fresh food. The walk over will be pleasant and the capital building is a beautiful building to look at too. Once you arrive, then grab a nice table and start your morning out right.
5	All around positive Saturday morning Brunch experience here. Yes, there was a line-but the wait was not bad-friendly gal distributed menus and managed crowd well. Once inside, the folks taking the order were super-efficient and Madison friendly. My son ordered the breakfast sandwich, my wife had an omelette and I did the standard 2 eggs over easy. The potatoes were amazing, eggs great, fresh-squeezed OJ delicious, sandwich and omelette got rave reviews. The experience eating here was perfect. Everything a breakfast should be. Can't wait to go back again next UW visit.
4	We stayed in Madison for a week on a business/wedding planning trip, and ate here three separate weekday mornings.  The FH had visited and insisted this was the only/best place to go for breakfast on the square, if not in Madison.  Having lived in Madison as a student and eating many delish Madison breakfasts (Lazy Jane's, Sunroom, etc.), I was a bit skeptical.  However, Marigold truly lived up to his claims and trumped nearly all of my prior breakfast experiences in the city (except maybe the waffles at Indie Coffee).Yes, you are not supposed grab a seat until you order.  This is a good policy; I like it.  We never had a problem finding a table, nor did we see anyone struggle with it.  Granted, these were weekdays and the weather made using the outdoor seating both possible and appealing.  Still, there was plenty of signage and little confusion, and I appreciate the fair spirit of the policy.The food was outstanding all three days.  Standouts were the chilli poached eggs, with their excellent execution and beautiful presentation, the massive slices of fluffy quiche, and the iced chai lattes, which were beautifully spicy and never tasted exactly the same twice, which I hopehopehope means they make their own blend.  And, coming in from Seattle, we really appreciate that breakfast cost only about $20 each day for two satisfying plates and two nicely sized coffee/tea drinks.I knocked them down one star because one day their service was pretty off.  They were busier than any of the other days there and did appear to be training to new people, but we ended up getting our drinks (in messy cups) quite a bit after we received our plates.  This meant that the FH's Americano was still undrinkably hot even though we had nearly finished out meals.  Our drink and meal delivery had been perfectly paced the first two days, so this was kind of a downer.  Still, this is only a minor blemish in three days of excellent, reasonably priced food and prompt service in a cute little restaurant that is a short walk from the accommodations on the square.
5	I really have to get something off my chest. I love breakfast. But I also love sleeping in. So you can see I have a problem. But that's why there is brunch. Brunch solves the problems of hungry pillow huggers everywhere. So thank you, Brunch creator. Wherever you are. Whew, ok. Now, here's the review...Marigold Kitchen was recommended by my sister who is a Madison-ite. We were perusing the Dane County Farmers Market during the summer and she suggested we meet up with some of her coworkers and have a quick bite. Marigold's was paaaaacked. The line was out the door. There's no wait-to-be-seated area, it's a order at the front (well, the side) and find a table if you can. The waiters are definitely helpful in scouting out a spot, but it can be chaotic if you're unprepared. Luckily, we found a nice spot outside on their tiny little sidewalk patio. I'm a slave to good French Toast, so it wasn't even a question of what I would order. We also ordered a giant carafe of orange juice which was tasty, but nothing I've have better. For the French Toast bread they use awesome brioche. They had lightly drizzled sweet cream on top with a mixture of fresh summer berries that included strawberries, blueberries, and blackberries. Slivered almonds and a side of maple syrup completed the French Toast. It was...delectable. Perfectly crisp on the outside, but thoroughly cooked yet moist on the inside. The sweet cream and berries were perfect without the syrup. But I prefer not-so-sweet breakfast, errr...brunch items. My sister had the Duck Confit Hash which she raved about. I'm not a duck fan, so I opted out of trying. But I'll take her word for it. The French Toast was more than enough for me to 5* review this place.
4	Everything is great!   Maple latte, yumm!  Steel cut oats with strawberries, breakfast scramble, ceasar salad!   And so close to the hilton!
5	Every single time I come to Madison, WI I cannot wait to get here on Saturday morning! The have literally some of the yummiest breakfast I've ever had, EVER!! TRY a Scone!! You cannot go wrong with their scones. wonderful combos such as blackberry peach...mmmmm....Their breakfast sandwich is the BEST breakfast sandwich I've ever had. I have the hardest time NOT ordering it when I'm there, thank you to my brother-in-law for getting me addicted to it. ;)My in-laws are regulars here as they always find the staff super friendly, inviting, helpful & really what you'd expect for a small restaurant near the square...can we say quality?!As long as this place stands I will be there every trip I take to Madison.
5	I got a French toast here and it is by far the best french toast I have gotten. It is delicious and with fresh fruit such as strawberries, blueberries and blackberries. The syrup was also hot and went well with the toast.
4	So delicious!!! Try the lemon chicken tortilla soup!!
3	A very unique menu with a lot of out of the box breakfast options. I had the chorizo omelette and it was delicious, but the potatoes stole the show. Crispy and very flavorful. A friend had the duck hash and that was great, but the scrambler and the bacon omelette were a bit disappointing to the others dining with us. They serve bloody Marys during brunch and those also weren't great...especially at $7 eachThis is a restaurant where customers order at the counter and serve themselves for drinks/coffee then are given a # and a member of the staff brings your food out. So, not full service and it can get busy making finding a table tricky.  Overall, it was decent but pretty expensive. For two of us, our meal was $45 (including one cocktail). Pretty pricey for "just OK" food.
5	Madison Magazine got me again!  After a spread on the 13 best pancakes in Madison I had no choice but to accept the mission before me.  Our first stop?  Marigold Kitchen!  I have had this place bookmarked for a while and was happy to finally get the chance to visit it.  There was tons of parking and the location was easy to find, well after the GPS got involved. Upon entering the restaurant I noticed that there was what they called 'seating etiquette' which basically said, order with the cashier  then you'll be guided to your seat.  Though this place was jam packed we were able to order right away and did not have to wait to find a seat.  I ordered the blueberry and apricot pancake with bacon as that was the item featured.  Well let me tell you, this place sure did not disappoint.The pancakes do not look like much just 3 smallish/medium pancakes with a few blueberries on top and a slice of almond butter. Man!  Those pancakes were pretty incredible!  They were really light and just freaking good.  I also ordered the bacon which was good as well, not as standout as the pancake but still good.I am really looking forward to coming back to this place.  The layout is a bit crammed but in a really cute way.  They also have an awesome menu, I already know what I'm going to try when I go back.  If you haven't been to this place, do yourself a favor and go!  You won't be disappointed.
4	There is a lot to like about Marigold Kitchen. Delicious food, eye opening coffee, and pretty good prices.Would go here for coffee over the coffeeshops in the area that serve WAY too much milk with far too little coffee and call it a cappuccino.You definitely need to be in the mood for the flavors of their signature dishes but there is something for everyone here.Do wish there was more to pick from in between their gut buster and their 2 egg meals.
5	Sunday brunch at Marigold has become a tradition for us. While I hate crowds and it is usually very crowded, somehow the unique flow of waiting in line to order and then hoping there's a table available had always worked out for us. Just be patient! I always get either the breakfast sandwich with some kind of delicious cheese spread or the weekly pancake special that always includes a delicious flavored butter. Another favorite is the maple latte. The potatoes are obviously a must have.
5	217 reviews as of this writing... 4 stars... we could stop there, but we won't, because this place is too excellent to stay quiet about.Visited for brunch on Sunday, 12/15 at around 10:30am+ Minimal line at register+ Browse the menu while you wait to place your order+ Plenty of tables available, despite the busy time of the morning/weekend+ Accepts debit/credit+ Self-serve water with nice, big glasses+ Self-serve coffee with free refills+ SUPER FAST food delivery; order time unit flood arrived was at most 10-minutes+ Scrambler, with mushrooms, spinach, roasted red peppers, scallion, and gouda... divine. Eggs were perfectly cooked; dish was bursting with fresh-tasting goodness.+ The potatoes. Izzy is right - so craveworthy. Crispy/crunchy outsides, chewy insides, nice pleasant heat/kick/spice. I'm in love with these things. - Just a *tad* greasy, but it was worth it.+ Rosemary rye bread? Yes please.+ Blueberry pancakes with the infamous almond orange butter and real maple syrup were orgasmic. The blueberries were incredibly fresh and flavorful. The butter introduces an awesome, unique little change that'll make your tastebuds dance with delight. It got pretty crowded by the time I left (around 11:00-11:15am), but the staff is so efficient here that I don't think it would be too difficult to find a spot, even when slammed. I'm smitten with this place.
5	Not from the Madison area but was recently in town for the Marquette/Madison basketball game (Go Marquette!!!). After a disappointing loss and one too many standard drinks at the bar the night before, I wanted to get back to Milwaukee as quickly as possible the next morning. Much to my chagrin, one of the friends that I stayed with demanded that we get brunch at this fine establishment. I wasn't particularly hungry but ordered the two poached eggs with prosciutto, toast and a Bloody Mary (still trying to drown out the pain of defeat). Absolutely perfect. Food was delicious, portion was just what I was looking for and the plating was adorable!! The Bloody Mary tasted incredibly fresh as well! Needless to say, the meal had awoken my spirits and seemed to say, "hey there, that marquette loss isn't the end of the world, THINGS ARE GOING TO BE OK." Wonderful establishment, pay them a visit as soon as you possibly can.
5	Amazing eggs and potatoes. Perfect pastries. The apple french toast woke us up in such a sweet and refined way. Great service. Not posh, and very busy - but nevertheless perfect.
1	We waited to get a table prior to ordering to ensure we would be able to sit to eat, as we had never been here before. After waiting 15 minutes for a table to open up, one did and we sat. We were approached by a waitress that told us we needed to get up from our table and continue to wait because we had not yet ordered. She was unpleasant and would not let us put in our order and keep our table. Our experience was not a good one and we will not be returning.
5	Great food, coffee & a pretty spot to enjoy it in. Not a huge fan of breakfast potatoes but theirs are excellent. The rosemary toast is an out of the ordinary treat. Solid pancakes & egg dishes too!  Coffee is self serve & 5 star yummy.
4	Mozart in the kitchen, Salieri in the front of houseA visit to Marigold Kitchen is both a transcendent and vexing proposition.  REGARDING THE KITCHEN:For me, Marigold slings the best breakfast food in Madison, bar none.  After 200+ reviews of this establishment, I know I'm not going to break any new ground, but every time I visit, they nail both the composition and the execution of the dish.  The ingredients are right from the farm fresh, the flavors balanced and the plating divine.  With every bite I take, I hear the voice of God.  Displace one item from the plate and there would be diminishment - add one item to the plate and the structure would fail.   It's rainbows, unicorns and a heaping dose of fairy dust.  I love the elegant duck confit hash, the rustic scramblers, the hearty French toast, the exquisite potatoes...I LOVE ALL THEIR FOOD!!! REGARDING THE FRONT OF HOUSE:ARRRRRRRRRGGGGH [shaking fist at the heavens, Mozart's Requiem roaring the background...]Marigold Kitchen, WHY must you vex me so???  You ply me with food prepared by angels, then mock me by serving it in your miniscule dining room where I unable to partake in a casual conversation over the dull roar of the other patrons.  Why do you force my to squeeze through a maze of densely packed tables every time I need to refill my coffee or grab a napkin when another diner has bumped into my table in their haste to grab an open table, knocking over said beverage.  Why is it that other prospective diners, perching like vultures in the waiting area, eye me like a wounded wildebeest, wondering when I am going give up my table.  I'm seriously considering starting a Kickstarter campaign so these guys can get a bigger dining room - who's with me?
5	Gotta love this place. Excellent sandwiches and soups and nice staff. I would recommend the daily specials- every time I tried I was very glad I did.
5	As far as brunch goes, I think this is the best restaurant I've been to for it. Nearly everything we have had has been not just good, but excellent. The pancakes are fluffy and have a slightly sweet flavor to them without syrup, the sausage links are great, the frittatas and omelets are very light yet packed with different flavors within. The best aspect, in my opinion, is the blending of flavors in the dishes. Often there is a combination of sweet and savory, or salty and sweet, or spicy and rich. The place is unpretentious (order at the counter, get your own coffee) and friendly. They have a dish for everyone: For the traditional "eggs, bacon, and toast" folks, they have excellent selections, and for the more adventurous eaters they provide unique twists on brunch classics.Overall, if you moderately enjoy breakfast food and are pondering where to eat in Madison, I'd highly recommend Marigold!
5	Great food! Loved the ordering style because it made for a super fast table turnaround. The bacon is out of this world!
4	Marigolds has one of my favorite burgers in Madison. The combination of the aioli, cheese and good ground beef makes for an excellent burger. It's stereotypically, but I wish you could get fries. The slaw is interesting and has grown on me over the years, but fries just complete a burger for me. I'm not a huge fan of their breakfast menu. The food is fine, but I feel like there's plenty of other dinners that do breakfast better at a lower cost.
5	Probably is one of my top five favorite places to eat brunch in Madison. The french  toast and breakfast sandwiches are phenomenal. The atmosphere is so relaxing and all the employees are more than helpful and pleasant.
4	Generally the food here is really good. I typically get an omelet, which comes with home fries. That is more than enough food! The ingredients are fresh and your meal is made quickly. When I'm trying to tap into my inner chubby child, I order a pancake on the side. The blueberry pancakes were very tasty. I recommend going during the week. Weekends are crowded, making seating difficult and your home fries more likely to come out "extra crisp". The wait staff is friendly and the room is open and inviting.
4	Madison no doubt has some of the best egg sandwiches out there. I'd only ever had McDonald's egg mcmuffin (a zillion years ago, mind you), so perhaps my expectations weren't all that high. But my oh my, Marigold Kitchen's egg sandwich is one of the best I've had since moving to Madison a year ago. Would of gotten five stars had the bacon been cooked a little longer.For a side I purchased potatoes, which I generally would douse in ketchup - but there was enough flavor where, dare I say it, my favorite condiment was not necessary. Tried the Peppermint Mocha with Soy. Not a fan. Boyfriend enjoyed the coffee, but wished there was more of a selection rather than just one Regular or Decaf carafe. The unlimited refills made up for his griping, though.
4	Duck confit hash, meet my stomach. Stomach, meet duck confit hash.Every weekend, a new place pops up to contend for the prestigious "best brunch Peter has ever had in Madison" award, and Marigold has put everyone on notice.From their freshly roasted endless coffee, to their rich, fatty duck confit, to the crispy, thin potato skins, to the warm, buttery milk pancakes, each and every dish was executed to perfection. While I loved my dish, the French Toast some of my friends got definitely caught my eyes (brunch next weekend, anyone?). This place doesn't have too much seating, so try getting here early and grabbing a spot. All in all, another fantastic location to add to my ever growing list of must try brunch places in Madison.
4	I think the thing that stands out for me from Marigold is the service. Yes, the have absolutely delicious food and the coffee is great. The atmosphere is cozy-casual, but man, the service made the experience for me.I have an aversion to onions. I don't have an allergy, but I do not like them in any form, not raw, not caramelized, not pickled, no way, no how do I eat onions. And at Marigold I want to order the breakfast sandwich which comes with a fried egg, cheddar-spiked boursin, applewood smoked bacon, tomato and green onion on toasted ciabatta. I asked for no green onions. While they aren't on my strict no-onions list I still choose not to have them when possible. However, they were mixed in with the cheddar-spiked boursin and therefore not removable. I hemmed and hawed but the man at the counter said it would be good and if it wasn't he would give me something else so I took it.I ended up eating about half of it, not because I didn't like it, but just because I was full. However, the man from the counter came over toward the end of our breakfast and expressed concern about the amount of the sandwich I hadn't eaten. He tried to get me to order something else and apologized if I didn't enjoy my breakfast. I did, in fact, enjoy my breakfast. But, man. The fact that he remembered me and checked in based on how much I ate was really nice. And so, I'd go back for the service if nothing else. But, in reality I'd also go back to try the pancakes because those looked fantastic.
5	I pretty much love this place.  I've been here probably 4-5 times within the last 6 months, and everything I've had has been tasty.  I like the atmosphere, on the cozy side, but it seems bright and energetic (probably because it's always crowded when I'm there during weekend brunch hours.)  The coffee is solid and I really like all the pasties I've tried.  The ones that stand out are the chocolate tart and the apricot tart.  The entrees are really good too - the ones I tried most recently was the duck confit hash (so yummy) - the highlight of this dish for me is the root vegetables, and the lemon ricotta pancakes (so flavorful!).  I'm also a huge fan of jams and jellies made in house.
4	Great affordable brunch food. Love is definitely cooked into every bite here. Their coffee drinks are also great, nothing like an iced almond milk latte. I had a burger and it was one of the best decisions I've made in a while. I'm not giving them five stars because my group of seven had to sit with six chairs at a four person table. I know it's busy, and we are all pretty relaxed people, but come on!
5	My favorite breakfast/brunch place in the Midwest. The ambience is perfect with plenty of light and a comfortable variety of seating options. The french toast is perfect and the breakfast sandwich is incredible.
1	Marigold's Potatoes and Pancakes are out of this world. But Sadly I refuse to take part and enjoy the food of a company that discriminates against those with disability. Owners John and Phillip are wonderful people and owners of other amazing restaurants such as Sardine and Gates and Brovi. I don't think they realize the unethical and illegal principles that are being practices at the Marigold Kitchen. I am sadly disappointed and outright appalled what has taken place and the first hand discrimination with the Marigold team that I have received. I will not speak for all Marigold staff as some are a joy but I will just say that those staff that I speak of know who they are. Lastly I use to enjoy the atmosphere and feel very content there, because of the local comfort food and the comfort ability that Marigold brought to my life but after being slandered and discriminated against my disability I will be finding another place to call my breakfast/brunch home.
3	I've gotta say, when I walked in I was a little leery.  The line went to the door and the place was packed.  I anticipated either having to wait a long time for a table or have our food, which is ordered at the counter, arrive before we had a table.  I must say I was quite impressed with how fast they turned tables.  It took very little time at all to work our way through the line and have a table ready for us.  Because of the efficiency and speed at which they turn tables, brunch felt very rushed and that is the only thing that detracted from the food, which by the way was fantastic.  This is the best brunch I've had by far in Madison thus far and a place I really need to go back to now that I know what to expect.
3	Met some colleagues for a business breakfast here. I had a breakfast skillet and coffee. It was OK, not earth shattering my any means. Maybe I'll try some different for the next time.
4	One the better places to get breakfast in town. They're potatoes are very flavorful. Their pancakes are also very good but I like their savory items. Their breakfast sandwich is also very good! Great sauce with tomatoes and all kinds of fixings. I will note that the last couple times I've gone, the flavor of the food is not as bold....hope they're not getting complacent...
5	I have come here twice while visiting Madison and I must say my girlfriend and I love it. The line can seem intimidating at times but tables flip fast and the line out the door can turn out to be only 15 minutes worth of a wait. The scrambler is excellent, any pancake or French toast dish is to die for and the omelets are always delicious. Do yourself a favor and get your butt down to marigold kitchen for breakfast brunch or even lunch. You will not be disappointed.
4	I attended a really lovely rehearsal dinner catered by marigold kitchen.  Staff were great and food was delish.
5	As for brunch in Madison, I go to Mickie's when I am on a budget and near UW campus; travel to Original Pancake House on the west side if I am hungry and look for a family friendly relaxed setting. But when craving for good brunch food, Marigold Kitchen is my only choice. I always have mixed feeling about the humongous brunch in other places. On the one hand, it is good bang of my buck; on the other hand, it makes me over-eat and sleep in food coma afterwards. I found Marigold serve just enough food that really energizes me after my weekend brunch. I have had French toast, scrambler, and omelette in Marigold, and they are just much more delicate than other brunch places in town. The French toast is definitely among the top 3 I had in my life. So much is said about this place in previous reviews, and I do not have too much to add. If you have not been to this place, get in line and give it a try!
5	My favorite place in Madison to get lunch. Period.
4	Food was delicious!!! Loved the omelets and the pancakes! Only negative was the wait due to the small space.
5	Best brunch in Madison.When you walk in, you get in line and order your food at the counter. If you go after 10am on a weekend, it can be pretty busy, especially on Saturday's when the farmers market is going on. I assure you, it's worth the wait.  The staff is very helpful and will make sure to find you a table. The wait doesn't end up being very along.  The staff is very efficient and keeps things moving.All the food here is amazing. No matter what you order, you will not be disappointed. However, if you don't order breakfast potatoes, you will likely experience food envy, so if your meal doesn't include the breakfast potatoes you should order a side or be prepared to steal a bite from a friend.  :)I would highly recommend the breakfast scrambler. It's always different, always amazing, and it comes with breakfast potatoes.  The scrambler is the perfect amount of food.  (The omelets are delicious, but huge and very filling.)
5	We had our rehearsal dinner at Marigold Kitchen on Memorial Day weekend. Wow! We can't say enough about it. The fact that you get a downtown Madison restaurant to yourself is rare enough, but add the amazing staff and incredible food, and we couldn't have dreamt up a better venue. The location alone is perfect being that it's a block off the capital square, conveneiently close to hotels and other night life for the after party. If you've been to Marigold for breakfast, brunch, or lunch you know it's a unique, cozy, yet bustling atmosphere. We had 50 people at our event, yet with all the amenities provided the setting felt incredibly comfortable and intimate. The privacy allowed us to act as if we were in the comfort of our own home. Included in the event rental were white linens, candles, and flower arrangements on all the tables, outdoor seating, and the staff customized the chalkboard menus over the service area (really cool perk, see pictures). Speaking of the staff, they were excellent. Clark, the event manager, and Kristy the chef, made introductions right away and carried on their warm and hospitable dispositions throughout the evening. They met and exceeded our every need. And save the best for last...the food was incredible. We posted a picture of what our menu included. Everything on that menu was delicious and presented with such elegance. We would love to have posted pictures of the food arrangement but we were too busy enjoying it ourselves. We ardently recommend Marigold to anyone who is hosting a dinner event.A few random notes: you get control over the music via hooking your phone/ipad up the restaurant speakers, the rhubarb mojito and apple brandy old fashioned are awesome,
5	The chilaquiles, add avocado, add chorizo is where it's at! (Ignore everything I said before.)I do wish there was more avocado, but picture this; two eggs cooked your way, black beans, and warm chips with a spicy chorizo and cool avocado you balance everything out. I used to sing their praises for all things sweet, but I'm changing my tune!
4	I love the food at this restaurant so much I would've given it five stars if I could rate the food apart from other aspects of the restaurant. I knocked it down one because one gripe is that the line to even order can extend out the door. And once you've ordered, it may take a short wait to get a table if it is significantly busy, which is usually the case. I guess that is an artifact of having food that people want. I also prefer a restaurant that is a bit more spacious, quiet and has more private feeling seating. (E.g, booth seating). For many people I understand that these things will not be an issue. It also doesn't necessarily deter me from coming to this restaurant but once I'm done eating I usually leave immediately. You can't go wrong with the French toast. Nor can you go wrong with the egg sandwich spiked with Boursin.
1	Food - I will give 4 stars. Wait time is horrible for both online ordering and at the restaurant, thus they get 1 star from me. This has happened to me twice. The last time I just left and went to Muramoto.
5	This place is totally Madison rich people food. It's expensive but delicious. There are only a few meat options, but that means it's vegetarian friendly. It's not full service, so not full tipping makes it cheaper (though most people will tip the same here anyways. Way to work the market). The place is always full for brunch so that means you're at a place that other people want to eat. If you get tired of the long lines to wait through you can always people watch. It's all eccentric people and pretty girls.TLDR; If you like five star reviews you'll like this place.
5	The food is the best brunch in town, the coffee is wonderful, and the mimosas/greyhounds are delicious.I love to come here for the ambiance. The music is fun and cheerful, and the interior is sunny. The servers are positive and helpful.I think the model of ordering before you're seated is genius. Don't be scared off if it looks busy-- the line moves very quickly. You won't have to wait more than 10 minutes.Protip: You MUST have the Marigold potatoes. They are God's gift to breakfast.
4	Fabulous place for breakfast.   My husband had the Mahi Mahi tacos and I had the french toast.  Both were delicious.   We split a blackberry cherry scone.  It was good but the entrees were the best.  Great coffee too.
5	We love having brunch here. My advice is to get here early as you can to avoid a long wait in line and missing out on a seat. The french toast and omelettes are a couple favorites.
4	This place had the perfect size short stack. It was also came with an orange infused syrup. Yummy!Not only that, but their dark mocha was awesome. It wasn't too rich...perfectly blended over ice! Great way to start off a nice humid summer madison morning!
3	Had the spinach quiche and field greens. Good tasting, but the quiche was a bit overdone. I would definitely return, however, as the other menu items looked intriguing as well.
4	Great place! Fab food! Their brunch drinks are great! A must visit for anyone visiting Madison!!! Go early
1	Chaotic and poor service.... Better yet no service. Cashier was rude and unhelpful. Great food or not won't be returning.
4	Too loud for my tastes, I don't like loud bars at night, let alone at breakfast.My scramble was tasty, and everything else I tried also very good.  And I like the light airy feeling of it, even though there were so many people crammed in there with lots of tables, pillows, chairs, and toast everywhere.But even with our large group, we got a big table pretty quick, and our food not too long after that.
5	Loved everything here! I got there black iced coffee which was so refreshingly good. I also got the chilaquiles and my friends got the salmon frittata and the duck hash which were all very delicious! The chilaquiles were a bit spicy though but I love spicy so it was perfect for me! I came here on a Mon morning and it was not packed at all. There were only about 4 people ahead of us in line.
4	The Duck Confit Hash was excellent, even though I've found that duck is not my prime choice of meat for breakfast! It is a little pricier than other breakfast spots and very tough for a group to find seating but they know how to do breakfast right!
3	We wandered in early on a Saturday with no idea how this place worked, so I waited in line to ask and understood that  you order, tell someone (no idea who) how many are in your party , and then you wait.     Meanwhile my husband sat himself at the counter.  This was the wrong way to be seated,  but he wasn't moving.  I went to get his order, told a random person there were two of us, then went back to place the order, completely misunderstood my total bill, apologized, paid, and got a number.  Then I got coffee, which I REALLY needed that morning.   The food was delivered to us more quickly than I expected, and my omelette was excellent.   We ate and got out in record time because you just don't want to linger here.  It feels cramped.     Also note that it is not a cheap breakfast.  A side of bacon was $9.  It was very good bacon....but it was $9.
5	This restaurant is very cute and is very popular for brunch on Sundays.  Someone recommended this restaurant to me, and I am very glad that she did! I went around 1130 on a Sunday and it was pretty crowded.  The hostess doesn't seat you at this restaurant,  you actually look over the menu and the specials boards, order at the register and then they bring your food out to you, wherever you find seating .  This is actually a pretty great setup, but my group only consisted of three people, with more people you may have a harder time getting enough seats, as the restaurant is not very big. They do also have outside seating, but it was mostly 4 person tables outside.They have great brunch choices, complete with any brunch worthy alcoholic beverage. I had a mimosa (yum!) and we also got a glass of the fresh strawberry lemonade (super yum! And you can actually add alcohol to it if you'd like). I ordered one of their epic sounding omelettes and it was actually one of the best omelettes that I have ever had. Service was great, everyone was totally friendly. Overall a really great place to grab brunch.  I would recommend it to anyone hanging around in Madison. This is also very close to the Capitol, so the view and location are terrific!
5	Awesome Breakfast it's like you have your own personal chef. Give them a try you won't be sorry.
4	I often have breakfast at Marigold Kitchen on my trips to Madison. The place still does not disappoint. The food is fresh and the breakfast dishes innovative. For a cholesterol break, I have their tofu scramble. And yes, they make tofu tasty. It's a great place to sit and sip a latte and read the morning paper before the hectic day begins.
4	Great vibes! It's fun to watch the line cooks busy behind the counter. My man and I split the duck confit, which was delicious but pretty pricey for the portion size. The ingredients were all cooked perfectly and the flavors were well-balanced. The dressing for the greens had a nice acidity to offset the richness of the eggs. A good choice for those who like a savory breakfast. I would recommend getting toast on the side.I would also highly recommend trying a signature coffee drink. The Cafe Miel was warm, comforting, and just sweet enough. The mint espresso drink (the name is escaping me) is also delicious. And if you're a sucker for pastries like I am, they have really good scones!
4	We had a nice brunch here. Food and service was good. I ate the barley saute with a fried egg on top. The marigold potatoes were the best part of the meal, but very greasy. The heirloom bloody mary was one of the best I've had.
4	Fabulous spot that we try to visit every time we are Madison for a football game. They have a great variety of fresh made treats.  We like the big breakfast sandwiches and their brioche French toast is an amazing indulgence that you've got to try at least once in your life.The place can be pretty hectic on a football Saturday so there may be a bit of a wait. Grab a menu when you are in line so you are ready to order to keep things moving.  Pay, take your number THEN be seated. This keeps things moving for everyone.  There is not a ton of seating in this small spot.
2	CHOAS!!!! Complete and total CHOAS.  People crashing into each other, food falling on the floor, drinks spilled constantly. The food was good but the place was HORRIBLY managed or better yet completely UNMANAGED. No thanks not again. Tried the zucchini pancakes and they were good experience was awful.
3	We went here based off of Yelp reviews and were excited when we got there and saw a line out the door. The experience was average and we probably would not go back next time we come to Madison. After ordering at the register, the food came to the table before the drinks. I had to send my food back because, even though the place was super busy, my beans and omelette were cold. The omelette was average, the breakfast sandwich that my husband got was very fresh and tasted good and the chocolate zucchini pancakes were tasty as well.
4	Outstanding food!  A little hectic for my taste with people everywhere but I really enjoyed the food.  Wow!
5	This place was packed! Line out the door makes it a longer and more crowded experience, so expect to wait a bit for weekend brunch. Food quality was good and matched the price. They have coffee and drinks (I had a bloody) and good breakfast like pancakes, omelets and scrambles. Not much competition nearby as it's location is right near the Capitol.
4	What a gem. We had breakfast here Sunday afternoon - the daily scramble came with leeks and veggies and whipped herbed ricotta. Potatoes were fantastic and definitely try the jams. Relaxed place to have brunch.
4	Food was amazing as usual. I had my favorite French toast in town, kids had pancakes hubby an egg sand which. Only complaint was a little lax in service. We had ordered a coffee drink, and it was never brought out though they said they were grabbing it, and the cashier was slurping her nalgine water bottle as we were ordering. It was just odd. Other than that, great place amazing fresh food!
4	I can't believe I still haven't written a review on this delicious cute brunch place in Madison. Perhaps it is the long wait that has delayed my writing as well. Marigold is a gem in Madison, almost every item on the menu I've tried I enjoyed. I also really like the pastries they have - the scones are my favorite.I wouldn't suggest this as a place for groups, 4 would be the maximum I would go with. Do be prepared to wait, they are small, and they are very VERY popular. However, the new system makes the waiting much more civilized. 1) Order at the counter2) The waiter/waitress host will let you know when your seat is available. I love the potatoes. very very very good.Breakfast sandwich - get it with the sunny side up and your world is complete.Duck confit salad - very good price and very nice and soft meat. oh so flavorfulI tried the chilquiles but I was disappointed that my chips were soggy.... The flavor was good but soggy chips are NOT MY THING :( I would definitely ask for chips on the side in the future....So, come by with a small group, get the potatoes. wonderful breakfast! yes, it is available weekdays too!!
5	My favorite breakfast/brunch spot in Madison. Very tasty options and good brunch (read: alcoholic) drinks, too. I like the French toast, or breakfast sandwich if I'm in the mood for savory. Always a bustling place but it doesn't take long to get seated after you order. It can feel a little chaotic when you first walk in but the staff manages it well. It's a little pricey but worth it in my opinion. Sitting outside on a farmers market day is awesome! If it's a nice day, definitely try to get a spot outside.
1	At first I was upset at their seating system even though I was doing a carrying out. They allowed one person to take a table for ten(which had to be made from 4 smaller tables) when none of the remainder of the party was present or even in line. This caused a huge back up for people waiting for a table in a tiny place and waiting for food. Then I received our order and it was a the most salted food I have ever have been served. The eggs and the potatoes tasted more like a salt shaker than food. Very disappointing place.
2	Marigold disappointed us today- we got there before the lunch rush on a Monday and there wasn't even a line.... But we had to wait 45 minutes for our food- which would have been fine if the food was excellent. But the potatoes were cold and horribly burnt, some parts were so charred they were not edible. Previous visits have been worth more like 4 stars, but not today. I don't think we will be back for awhile as it isn't worth paying for parking.
3	Alright, so I have mixed reviews.  I find it easier to list them:1. Great eggs/scrambler/omelette. Fresh, hot, delicious.2. TERRIBLE potatoes. Borderline inedible. My potatoes were burnt the first time I went. The second time? Too cold and flavorless to eat.3. Great options for having such a small menu. I tried the French Rosemary bread and fell in love. I was really impressed that they offered something so out of the box. It was a great change of pace. However, the bread is served cold. It is like they toast it earlier in the day and them slightly warm it when they serve you.4. The lavender infused espresso drinks. Fabulous. I had the White Chocolate Lavender Mocha and it was simply heaven. Divine. Amazing. Should I continue?  I can not decide what I love more, the aroma or the flavor. I have also had the Honey Lavender Latte. That one trumps its mocha friend. Here is my issue. These are all specials that only last a week. This depresses me because I love them all and never get them again. Now, I know they are small and need to change things up, but love is love. And I miss the drinks.5. Timing. I get it, you are busy. However, I really get annoyed that my food beats my coffee out by several minutes.
5	Busy place but definitely worth the wait. We were there on homecoming Saturday but were seated promptly. Blueberry pancakes with orange/almond butter are top 5 for sure. Wife said the hash browns were the best. Would surely go back.
5	Very very good! The potatoes are so amazing! They are perfectly cooked with some crunchy and some not! I have most definetly been here more than once. I made sure to bring my mom here while she was visiting for the weekend! And she loved it as well! Great atmosphere for a breakfast place!
4	Probably my favorite brunch spot in Madison. You can always expect to wait at least 15 minutes at Marigold, because they serve food in style similar to Panera (wait in line to order & pay, wait at table for food), and the line always reaches to the door. It's worth the wait.I usually opt for the breakfast sandwich option, which is different depending on when you go, since Marigold has a rotating menu. The sandwiches are always amazing, though the accompanying potatoes are just okay. It's usually enough food for me to take something home. I've also tried the scramblers a few times and have never been disappointed.They have delicious iced teas and other gourmet drinks to sip on while you wait for a table. Tables are available on a first come, first serve basis, so it's probably not a great spot if you're with a large group, since you could end up waiting quite a while.
5	I really enjoyed this breakfast spot.  It has a small town feel in the heart of Madison.We grabbed a menu, ordered at the counter, and patiently waited for breakfast nirvana to be delivered.I had the scrambler with chorizo, green chilies, and cheddar cheese.  It tasted very fresh with great flavors.  They really did a nice job.  The interior is very inviting, but it is pretty small so I could see it filling up quickly.  When we came there was no wait.The staff was courteous and attentive.  I believe the majority of their food is sourced locally as much as possible.This was definitely the right choice for breakfast.
5	Everything about this place made us feel welcome and delighted.Great atmosphere, clean, good service and excellent food.Salmon Fritata is a must order as it is fresh, fluffy and flavorful. The espresso drink i orders contained local honey and spices and was presented in such a lovely way that i almost didn't want to drink it. So pretty. We could tell the barista takes pride in his creations.Pancakes where dense, in a good way. Thanks Marigold! We'll be back.
5	Went there last weekend on a busy Sunday morning. They have a different setup, where you wait in line, order, pay and then are assigned a seat. But they run it so well you really are only waiting for a short time after ordering. The food is really delicious. I had a great omelette as top-notch cafe au lait.If in Madison, this is a great breakfast spot.
5	THIS JUST IN: You can get a short stack! WHAAAAAAAA? I'm constantly overwhelmed by the sweet their pancakes punch, but get this, you can get a wee stack of two for a few buck when typically the larger portion runs $10. SOLD! Does it say this on the menu somewhere? It's possible. But you're reading Yelp, and now you know, so you don't need to eye over the menu closely. Simply peep the chalkboard, decide that the special pancakes are the best being offered, then grab a short stack!
4	Downgrading slightly based on past few visits, where flavors have been "off." Most recently, had the artichoke omelet and was really confused/put-off by a heavy metallic taste... not sure if it was the artichoke or the tomato, but it was very odd. Prior to that visit, omelet came with sour cream, when description said "goat cheese." Not sure what's happening there.Service remains excellent - staff is friendly and helpful. Love the interior space, even if it's a bit cramped. Colectivo coffee is always outstanding.And, minor gripe, but... say you're not a big fan of the potatoes that come as a side, nor of the toast. You're not allowed to substitute anything without paying a premium... $2 for a handful of some greens instead of potatoes and toast seems a bit excessive to me.
5	Marigold Kitchen is one of my favorite places for brunch in Madison. They have great food and a fun atmosphere. You order the counter and then sit down. Usually there is a line to the door on the weekends but it is a pretty quick turnaround. They have amazing chai lattes and bloody Mary's. I've never had a bad meal here and they have a good selections of pastries and cookies for desert.
5	Oh Marigold how I love your pancakes and your breakfast sandwich and your coffee... And well, everything you create.I've been to Marigold Kitchen a couple of times and I have never been disappointed. It really is one of my favorite places to eat breakfast/ brunch at. If you go on the weekend it may be busy with lots of people and don't worry if there is a line it is so worth it and it usually goes pretty fast. You will have to order at the register before sitting down which is different at first but some how the timing is always perfect on the open table to ordering ratio. The food is amazing! They have the best pancakes and usually have some sort of pancake concoction on special. (It's always delicious get it!!) I also recommend the best breakfast sandwich in town ( egg, tomato, bacon, cream cheese, and so much more) I personally go with someone and split the sandwich and the pancakes so my tastebuds get the best of both worlds.Also you can't forget the homemade American fries. They are also delicious! If you order any coffee or drink they are made with great detail and the presentation are always fun to see. I highly recommend Marigold Kitchen. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu!
3	Good food and great ambiance.  Quaint little place.  Great spot to stop at when you are done walking around the capitol for the Farmers Market.  Madison excels at breakfast so I can't say this is the best place but its worth a try.
5	Probably my favorite brunch place in Madison. Converted a couple people to liking brunch simply from their great experiences here. What else is a better compliment to their food and atmosphere?My standard staples: the breakfast sandwich (literally the perfect combo. Don't even like tomatoes and I like how they taste in this sandwich!), side of breakfast potatoes (just a little kick that even my spice-wary friends appreciate), and their iced tea. Classic, delicious, and keeps me full and happy... until the next meal. Their service is wonderful, and I have yet to wait more than 20-25 minutes for a table (and that's on a bad day. Though admittedly I rarely go with more than 3-4 people). During the summer, the outside tables are coveted spaces and well worth it, especially when the farmers market is happening on Saturdays!Pro-tip if you love their iced tea. 1) You can get free refills, and 2) they are AMAZING and will fill you a separate cup to take to go. What could be better?!
2	If you are seeking quantity and not quality Marigold should be consideration. Potatoes were burned to a crisp and eggs were not cooked fully. Better choices in Madison
4	I had the duck confit hash with poached eggs which was delicious $12. Mom had the pancakes, she said they had an orange taste to them, she loved them. The guys running the grill are super efficient, we waited for 15min for food tops...super fast for being there on a Sunday afternoon. The ambiance is hipster. I saw a few kids in there, not too many older people
4	Being from Chicago it was refreshing to be in a breakfast place that cared about the flavor of the food instead of the quantity. The French toast was complete with strawberries, blueberries, raspberries and blackberries, along with creaming glaze and topped with toasted almost slices. My boyfriend had the Duck Confit Hash, the upper portion of duck to potato was in the ducks favor, which was highly enjoyable for him. The small spring salad that comes with it was a nice palate cleanser and the eggs were buttery and fluffy. Was a wonderful experience and will be back but it received a 4 only because it was cramped.
