5	Went here for lunch yesterday and had beef Pho and eggrolls. Everything was delicious and we really enjoyed our lunch. I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea. I didn't want the sweet thai tea so I asked for regular iced tea and it comes with tea leaves in the glass and was outstanding.We'll be back to this place for sure.
4	yummy food (i had the pho)! staff are very friendly and attentive. the restaurant is clean too. i don't live in the area so it's difficult to compare it to other venues but it's definitely a place I would visit again.
4	I love the pho here A + food.  :)   But like every pho restraunt it takes awhile to refill your  drinks....   This is gonna be my new pho place to go!!
4	We tried PT Noodles tonight for dinner and it was amazing.  Everything as fresh and perfectly cooked.  The staff was friendly and helpful and made the experience really nice.  I would highly recommend eating here to anyone.  You won't regret it.
5	Went again for lunch today and discovered there are new owners already. This made me nervous as I really liked the place before.I was pleasantly surprised the the Pho actually had better flavor then before. I was surprised before that the Pho didn't have cilantro in it as I've always had it with cilantro. Today I noticed the Pho tasted a bit better and had cilantro and I asked the gal what had changed and she told me there were new owners.They have expanded their menu also and there are a lot of new things I want to try. Glad the food didn't take a hit with the new owners as so many places do when ownership changes.Highly recommend this place.
4	I'm glad I was able to try this place today! It is really small inside...only a few tables. I went at an off time so there were only a couple other tables taken. The service is definitely awkward, mainly because the workers don't speak English very well. The workers weren't rude or anything, and they jump to their feet when you ask for something.The food is good though! I tried the pho with steak, tendon, and tripe, and the first com tam dish with the fried egg. Both dishes were flavored and seasoned really well! I was actually surprised at how tasty it was. The thai tea is delicious too...it looks a little than the thai teas I have tried- it is kind of a redish color- but it tastes the same. The pricing isn't ridiculously cheap, and the portion sizes are not excessive. However, I think it is reasonably priced for the amount of food you get: around $7 for a bowl of pho and a few more bucks for the rish entrees. The only thing that would be nice is if they had lunch specials like most asian restaurants do. Maybe they do, not entirely sure because I went around three o'clock. Overall, the food definitely gives this place a four star rating. I would like to come back and try the bah mi sandwhich!
5	New Favorite Spot! Pho Was AMAZING! Food is made upon ordering which is a bonus. Definitely recommend to everyone.
5	Great Pho & great service! I had lunch here on break one day, found it accidentally & figured why not? Place was clean, server asked if I've had Vietnamese food before, I confirmed yes but not often & asked her recommendation, she guided me to steak pho, and it was delicious! She also recommended I tear the basil in small pieces to create more fragrance & flavor. Loved the food & service!! I returned for takeout the next night so my husband could try it & my server remembered me, PT Noodles is a welcome addition our West Valley favorites!
4	This place is my new go to place if I want some pho or bun Bo hue. The broth with the pho is almost perfect and that's the most important thing when it comes to pho. The only other pho place around Goodyear uses too much cinnamon in their broth. When ordering your pho, ask them for some nuoc beo hanh tran. It's the fatty oil that rises to the top when making the beef stock. Put a spoon full into your bowl and enjoy the green onion.The restaurant isn't that big and there is nothing special about the decor, but as I have learned from my 30 years of eating pho, that the best places are the best.  If you want some foo foo chez whitey place then go to p.f. Changs, if you want to go where Vietnamese and other Asians eat then give pt noodles a try.
4	I wish I could give 4.5 stars.... Overall, it was a pretty good experience. Here's how I rate everything:food (#19 Pho)-8/10. Great flavor, good portion size for price. My only real complaint here is that the beef was a little fatty and wasn't sliced really thin. I've always liked when places serve the beef in pho paper thin-even if that means I get less beef. The menu lists one size foe $6.95, it's pretty big. You can apparently also order an XL serving, but I did not ask the price.drink (Thai iced tea)- 5/10. Ok. I've had much better. $2.50. Probably won't get this again.Service- 10/10- I walked up to the door carrying my son in a car seat, the man working there opened the door and welcomed me with a smile, lead me to a table and grabbed me a high chair. He even put the car seat into the high chair and made sure it was secure before signaling my waitress. She was also great! She must have noticed me struggling with the chop sticks, because she brought me out a fork, then a glass of water when my tea was half gone. I asked for neither but appreciated both. Top notch.Atmosphere/location: 7/10: I lump these two together because I tend to care more about the later, but I know some people put a lot of value in atmosphere. It is a pretty small place, I think only 7 tables or so. Atmosphere is nothing special, but you are brought you drinks, unlike my usual pho place, which is a small nicety.I will definitely be going here again.
3	The shrimp spring rolls were good as was the sauce. I got the spicy beef and pork soup. It was good, not great. HUGE portion I only ate about 1/3 of it. It had some weird square things in there that I think were blood tofu or something, I tasted one, not much flavor, I just didn't care to eat it.The man got the crispy fried noodles with veggies and beef. The noodles were very small noodles and deep fried all the way through, not what we imagined. It was good, but needed more sauce as some of it was a little dry.I'm unsure if I would go back.
5	I was surprised to see, that although the last reviewer said this place was under new management back in July, they're STILL giving a 10% discount for having "just opened"  (or are there, once again, new owners?).  The 10% discount is nevertheless just an additional pleasant bonus to the meal.Up til today, our usual haunt for Vietnamese food has been Da Vang in Phoenix.  Truly, as far as prices go, no one can beat them.  But what about quality of food and taste?  How does this restaurant stack up to them?Let's start with the appetizers:  my partner got the fried egg rolls (cha gio) and I got the shrimp rolls in rice paper (goi cuon).  The egg rolls were definitely larger than at Da Vang, thicker, and had more meat.  The shrimp rolls were significantly smaller than at Da Vang, but had much more meat.  Both were very tasty and, unlike Da Vang, the egg rolls were not greasy from frying.For dinner, my partner had a steak with onions and fried egg dish, served with rice and a side plate of veggies.  I had a cooked pork sandwich.  The steak dish was very tasty and the meat very tender.  The side dish of veggies could have been perhaps a bit more substantial than it was.  The sandwich was very good.  The ones at Da Vang are bigger, but not by much:  and this bread was fresher, toasted and the balance of contents perfect.  Perhaps the only thing I would have asked for was more veggies, as they do at Da Vang.Unfortunately, we were still hungry after dinner, partly because we had gone there after the gym; partly, because we're gluttons.  So, we both ordered another two sandwiches:  I had the special, which was what I really wanted to start with -- cold pate with veggies; he ordered the hot pork sandwich I had.  We were both very satisfied with the taste.I ended my meal with a combo drink of green gelatin, beans and milk(?) ... I don't know.  Very tasty.  With my meal, I had iced tea, which, at first, was very strange:  it appears as a very yellowish, diluted color.  At first taste, it seems both watered down and bitter.  However, don't despair:  it actually grows on you.  I didn't realize HOW bitter it really was till I took a sip of it after finishing the sweet combo drink.  Quite a difference.All the above, with the 10% discount, cost us roughly $30 before the tip.  This is not as cheap as Da Vang, which is almost impossible to compete with wallet-wise, but the price is reasonable nonetheless and the food is better. What advice might I offer you, the reader?  Well, we saw a number of "stir fry" type dishes come out, which had much more food than my partner's plate.  We surmise, however, that this was due to his plate being almost all meat, not veggies.  We also noticed that the pho looked very good and they came out in huge bowls.  If you are a person who prizes quantity as well as quality, those dishes probably are the ones to go for.The speed of meal preparation and service is quite fast, especially when compared to Da Vang.  That's no small feat on a Saturday night, when there are basically two people working the very small, trapezoid-shaped restaurant and the outside patio tables.  It can get claustrophobic in there; but if you can ignore that, the food is very much worth it.  They are a bit slow in clearing used dishes; a friend of ours would admonish us, that in "real" restaurants, that's how it's supposed to be:  AFTER you leave, they clean the tables.  Maybe.  But personally, I'd prefer dishes be cleaned immediately after we're done; especially if we're not planning to leave immediately or are waiting on another course.Given the lack of reasonably priced restaurants in Goodyear/Avondale and given that the cheap ones usually aren't worth the effort to dine at, this place is a winner.  The location is excellent and, for people out in the West Valley interested in good Vietnamese food, this is much better than driving all the way into Phoenix.  The only other Viet restaurant I'm aware of in Goodyear  (Central King Egg Roll) doesn't come close in terms of quality and cost ... and as basic as the decoration in this place is, it seems much quieter and cleaner than King Egg Roll and beats out Da Vang by miles when it comes to cleanliness and tranquility.Unless you're prepared to drive a minimum of 20 miles one way to get better than this, PT Noodles is THE place to go to.  That may not be a reason to give it 5 stars; but combined with the prices, service and tastiness of food, 5 stars is very much warranted for this kind of restaurant all the way out here in the West Valley.  It can easily hold its head up high among its neighbors.Don't think twice about coming here!  10% discount or not, it's very much worth your time and effort.
1	I'm from California and finding a pho place is hard to find around here.  under the old management, this place was really good. Great food, service and cleanliness. when I found out about this place going under a new management I was surprised but because I liked it there I figured same name hopefully same service.  I was wrong.  When we got in we were seated at the table and it was dirty, So the lady cleanses it up but made it even worse.  The table was sticky and it had that old water smell. So I had to clean it off with the napkins.  While we sat there waiting for our food, I watched a man clean some tables off with a cloth that he toss into the container of dirty dishes.  I then saw a lady take that cloth and not even wash it in water from the container of dirty dishes and proceed to clean another table. No wonder the table we sat at smelled so bad. Our food came but that just threw me off watching how they cleaned the place. my husband said the pho didnt taste the same as the old management had it and their rice plates lacked meat
4	Great new place, close to home.  Good selection of fresh offerings at reasonable prices.  While this may not have been a place i would have gone on my own (not a huge Vietnamese food fan, but the wife is) I was able to find great options for my enjoyment and enjoy going back for sure.
5	Ok, this place is awesome. This time I got the #18, which I thought basically sounded the same as #19, and the price was the same, so I gave it a try. The meat was more what I was looking for, the service was once again amazing, and the portions were just right. The place was packed this time, every table was full.
3	This place is nice, clean, and super small.  The staff was ok, a little slow.  I ordered the fried egg rolls (yum) and then the pork chop plate.  1 thin pork chop for like $7 or $8.  Could have gave me a second one for that price.  The flavor was ok too.
5	I went for lunch there yesterday after a co-worker told me about this place (the same day- I just had to go and try it).  I had the eggroll's and the steak pho.  The eggroll's were delicious and the plate of two was just enough for one person.  I was really impressed with the pho though.  I have tried almost ever pho place in the valley from Avondale, surprise, Glendale, downtown phoenix, and Scottsdale and I have to say that this place had some great flavors.  The broth had a very rich taste that was not overpowering like other places. It came with all the necessary add-ons but what really impressed me was the steak they used. It seemed to have a mix of slice beef and brisket which was smooth and tender.  I have to go again to see if this place is consistent but if it anything like yesterday then I will become a regular
4	PT Noodle is P-pretty and T-terrific! Great Pho and polite service make this our new "go to" noodle place, flavorful Pho, in an unassuming little place!
1	Place was ok for pho fried rice very plain and over filled with onions and vegetable over all won't go again
4	Really good authentic Vietnamese. Only downside was that the wait was quite long for everything. Went on a Wednesday night and they were packed. Great food, good value. Didn't have the pho as I usually do but had a pork rice dish with pork skins and pork cake. Delicious and filling!
5	This is our favorite pho place - and we are so glad it is close to our house. The cha gio are excellent and the bun Bo hue is to die for. I always order it with no meat and extra noodles and they are happy to oblige. Service is quick and friendly.
4	Excellent option for some quick, good pho or bunWife wanted to try the new PT Noodles place and we stopped in.  It's a small shop, but you sit quickly and orders are literally in within five minutes.  Food arrived about ten minutes after that. Their pho broth is very tasty and had a rich quality.  Meats are okay quality.  Service staff was very nice.  My wife liked the bun and they did a simple chicken and noodles combo for my daughter that she said was yummers.  Very limited dessert options, though.All in all, PT noodles has a great thing going.  Glad they are around for a fast, tasty, and cheap Vietnamese option.
4	I would give this place 5 stars if it wasn't for their inconsistent service quality. Sometimes the service is excellent and then other times the service can be very frustrating. Whenever I decide to eat here I always make sure I have extra time on my hands to make sure I am not late for anything. The up side is, their food is always fantastic. I guess the wait makes you enjoy it more? I usually order spring rolls(with pork and shrimp: they have two options), Pho or grilled pork over rice vermicelli and Thai tea. It never disappoints. I always want to try something new when I eat here, but I can't get enough of my regular orders. This place is far better than the other Vietnamese restaurants around this area. This place is also quite small, so it can get loud.
2	I have been to this place twice. The first time the service was fairly quick and the food was great. I came two weeks later and ordered two bowls of Pho and it took over 35 minutes to get out food out when people who got here before us got their food which is really annoying. Horrible service, great food.
4	Scene: A cold, rainy night in the west valley.  Darkness has set in.  Two girls searching for something to warm them up.  Setting: A busy strip mall with a very tiny Vietnamese restaurant.  Few tables.  Friendly service.  Pho.So pho-king ready for it too!  Delicious!!!!  HUGE servings.  Plenty of veggies and meat.  Conclusion:  Thankful to have tasty pho and banh mi so close by!
5	Good service! The food has a very earthy flavor to it. Its Vietnamese food with a kick if you want spice or not either way its delish!!. Again another hole in the wall that doesn't disappoint.
4	Great place! Tried the bun and the fresh spring rolls and they were great. They also have the Vietnamese baguette sandwiches, something you don't normally see in Vietnamese joints!
4	Never having had Pho I stopped in not really knowing what to expect but expecting to order Pho.  Well, I didn't order Pho.  What I got was, Hu Tieu Nam Vang.  When I ordered the server asked me if I wanted it served American style or Vietnamese style, I bravely stated Vietnamese!  He proceeded to ask me at least three more times to make sure I was absolutely positive with my decision.  I was a little uneasy during the wait, because it seemed to me that he was trying to convince me to change my mind.  What had I gotten myself into?!?  A bowl of fantastic is what I got myself into, that's what!!!
4	First time here was good and the food was great. the pho was done well and the broth was great as well the only reason for the 4 stars is the Customer service. they had a great attitude but i had to get up to ask for a check and a to go cup. It would have been better to order and pay up front and seat ourselves so we know that we have to get up to get to go cups and Drinks etc... because there was 1 person working the register and tending to everything so it takes away from the customer service of a sit down restaurant . but thats my opinion i will go back for sure and will tell others to go there.
5	My friends and I go here pretty much every week. The customer service and food is great! I highly recommend PT noodle!
5	Food is just delicious :) Totally recommend it!!!
5	I had the rice, pork chop, and shredded pork dish.  Compared to other Vietnamese restaurants in the area, it's above par.  Compared to other bigger cities like Houston, L.A., NY probably 3, 3.5 stars.  The flavor was good, but the menu lacked variety.  Simplicity can be a good thing, too, though.Next time, I want to try their Pho.  I just felt like rice and meat today but the true test of a good Vietnamese restaurant is the Pho broth!
4	Went here for lunch - the interior is a little grimy but they have some nice outdoor tables. The place seems pretty authentic with a loyal customer base. HUGE portions of pho with all the sauces and toppings you could ever need. I had the veggie pho and the tofu was excellent. The other bowls looked fresh and delicious too. Definitely a solid and satisfying option if you're looking for something fast and very casual.The place is a little small so not great for a group
4	My family goes here 3 times a month and food is great there noodles are great the only problem is i will say staff they eat ryt front of you sometimes and everyone can tell the service is not the best but! Food is great
5	What can I say, took the family here tonight and  it did not disappoint!! Prices were real reasonable and the food was delicious!!! Inside interior is nothing spectacular but the service and food far made up for it. The wifey, 2 of the kiddos and myself all had the Pho and my oldest daughter had some kind of steak with rice and a over easy egg. The egg rolls were real good and we normally drive to Da Vang in Phoenix and noticed they weren't as greasy. It's nice to find a good Vietnamese restaurant on the West Side and we'll definitely be coming back!!!!
4	I've run in for lunch take-out here several times and I'm always very happy with my food. Prices are good. I've tried the big thick noodles (stir fry) with egg, shrimp, and vegetables once ( I wish I could remember what they are called but I can't.) And I've had pho (noodle/soup) a couple of times too. Very tasty. Very friendly, fast service.
5	HOLY PHO!!!  In my 5 years on Yelp, I have handed out only a few 5 stars but I can give no reason why this place doesn't deserve it.  The irony is I am in this parking lot at least 2 times a week to shop at Target.  I have seen the "PT noodles" sign many times and made the fatal mistake of assuming.  DO NOT ASSUME!!!  Just because this is in-between a Starbucks and a nail salon doesn't mean it isn't EPIC!  I will recount why it is amazing in 10 quick reasons.  1-The menu is in Vietnamese first, English second.2-The hostess and the waiter/chef both made small talk with me and my 3 children even though they speak very little English.3-They asked a lot of questions to make sure we knew how odd the food we were ordering was.4-The food literally came out in 10 minutes.  Maybe even less!5-The restaurant, though a hole-in-the-wall was clean and inviting.6-LOW prices and HUGE portions!7-Prompt and friendly service.  When I asked for something, I had it in seconds.8-Awesome sauces (hoisin, chili, etc.)9-Did I mention really good service?10-I guess I have to spell it out.  The food was INCREDIBLE.I am proud of myself for making it through this whole review without cursing.  The place was just so (*&%$#$%^&) good.  Bottom line, do it!  You will not regret!
4	This was my introduction to pho, and I ordered to-go. I HAD NO IDEA WHAT I WAS DOING. Fortunately, I made it through with the help of a friend, and had a delicious, affordable lunch.So there's bean sprouts, rice noodles, thinly sliced steak, but of course you've got over a dozen configurations. All ingredients were fresh. I thoroughly enjoyed stirring them into the broth, which I assume was scalding enough to do serious damage if mishandled. They paired well with a refreshing cabbage spring roll, made complete with thin slivers of pork sausage. I have never heard of sausage in Vietnamese food, but still, I'd definitely eat again. I loved the chili sauce it came with, and my only complaint was my broth not having enough of a kick. Still, though, I'd totally come back and try all the things...but I'll dine in so that I can have my meal assembled by the pros.
5	I was craving some really good pho and I heard this place was good.  Wow, the other reviewers were right.  I had a spicy noodle bowl and it was fantastic - and possibly the best pho that I've had in Phoenix.  My hubby had a bbq pork sandwich.  He said it was a little too "bready" but it was good.  We also shared some spring rolls.  I had a thai iced tea and he had a Vietnamese coffee.  Our total bill?  $20!  I should also mention that it is really easy to eat gluten free here.  All of the soups have rice noodles, and the only thing that I had to avoid was the spicy peanut sauce with the spring rolls.  Everything was outstanding.
3	We had dinner there tonight.  The food was ok, we got our food pretty fast, but follow up wasn't too good.  There was a loud whining noise from the back that went on for 15 minutes or so.  When that was over, there was a burning smell.  Not terribly appetizing.I may try it again to see if the soup is ok.  My wife won't.
5	I love this place. I only get the Pho to go and they separate everything for you so that can create your bowl. The restaurant is small and plain but that's not an issue. If you are trying PHo for the first time eat it there as like I said above everything is separated in the to go order. Their spring rolls are great. I'd like a larger variety of them.
4	Loved this place! The service was great; our server was so sweet and attentive- you could really tell he wanted us to enjoy ourselves. I haven't had Vietnamese food very often, so I'm pretty unfamiliar. That being said, I pretty much just picked a random meal off of the menu (#50) and hoped that I'd like it. Luckily, it was quite delicious! Pork, rice noodles, an egg roll, cilantro, lettuce, and more- all in a bowl, with a sauce to mix into it. It was so good and tasted very fresh and healthy! I also ordered the pork spring rolls which were really tasty as well. Dipped in that peanut sauce...mmm mmm. And you can never go wrong with Thai Iced Tea! Not to mention the prices were really reasonable and they give you huge portions! I got to eat my meal for lunch AND dinner. Always a plus.
3	Three of us went there for lunch today.  We really enjoyed the food.  We had shrimp and pork spring rolls, shrimp pho', beef pho', seafood stirfry.  The hot food actually came out hot!  Prices are reasonable and there are large portions.Service is very, very, very  slow.  The place could really use a good scrubbing.
5	I give it 5 because anyone bringing $7 pho to the west valley is great in my book.  I like to start with the crispy fried rolls and sometimes a banh mi with my pho and I'm all set.
5	5 stars for taste, quality, service and affordability.  I had no idea a place like this existed in the West Valley, having had to travel to Mesa and Central Phoenix for decent Pho.  I only discovered this place one morning when I was getting coffee at the Starbucks next door and decided to check out what this "PT Noodles" place was.  From the outside, it looks like some cookie cutter noodle shop.  How wrong I was as soon as we stepped inside the doors...Being from LA, and having lived/traveled to Philly, ATL, Houston, San Jose and Westminster, Pho is naturally one of my favorite foods.  I have searched long and wide throughout the Valley in search of a place that can somewhat come close (no place has been up the same level as the aforementioned places), and PT Noodles has been, in my opinion, the closest you can get to great Pho as anywhere in AZ.  As a Pho lover, the biggest and most important part that makes any bowl of Pho from average to great is the broth.  Of all the Pho joints I have tried in the Valley (15 and counting), this place had the most flavorful and rich broths of them all.  You can ask for nuac beo (fatty broth) on the side to enhance the flavor, however the broth by itself is rich and clear enough that it blows everyone else out of the water.The cooks/serves of this place is a very small group who also know regulars (like myself) by name and are very courteous, attentive and friendly.  This is opposed to most authentic Pho places where service amounts to taking your order, and then never seeing the server again until it's time to pay the check.  They also accommodate special requests with no issues: I could not give up Pho during my summer diet, so I asked if the servers could substitute noodles with vegetables and provide extra broth without fat, to which they were able to do with no problems.For those who like Vietnamese food outside of Pho, this place also serves a mean bowl of Bun Bo Hue and some of the tastiest broken rice dishes I've had outside of Southern California.  HIGHLY recommend for both the experienced and novice Pho lovers.
5	I am beside myself that this gem cane to our area!!! Great service and delicious clean food!!! I don't have to write alot, this spot speaks for itself.
5	Ordered a pho to-go, and they had everything packaged to perfection!The steak was still a little rare, but luckily the broth was scorching hot so I was able to cook all my side ingredients to emulate the perfect dine-in experience. The extra mile comes from their pre-packaged sauce: it was a yin-yang combo of hoisin and sriracha. I only wish I lived a little closer to support this small business more frequently!
2	I had been to this place about a year ago, and the food was great. Today, was a different story. The pho was okay, nothing special. When I received my spring rolls, it appeared that they had been in the refrigerator pre made for a couple of days. The reason I say this is because part of the rice paper wrap was hard as plastic and the meat tasted pretty old and gamy. When I brought this to the waiters attention, the way he responded was like questioning why I had eaten one already and just now complaining. Do you want to know the real reason why I ate the whole one mr. Waiter? I guess the peanut sauce was very distracting and I had ignored the fact of the hidden flavors behind it. Plus, the bean sprouts were brown and they tasted fermented. They blamed the fact on serving rotten bean sprouts on the store that they buy them from?! I don't think I'll be going back.
4	We're a regular whenever we're craving for some good food. Especially try there pho & bun no hue. Not expensive at all, reasonable price compare to other Vietnamese shop. Owners are nice, they Dont talk much. But there always asking if we're doing okay or if we need anything. So thumbs up ! Kinda weird location because its around the corner next to Starbucks and a nail salon. Very small shop though. So if your planning on bringing over 10 people & you guys wanna sit together. Might be a problem. They probably have only mmmm 8 tables. So plan ahead I guess. Other than that, go for there soup dishes
5	Very good food.  prices are great for all the food you get. Best place in West Valley
4	I was so glad to see that there is great pho on the west side. This place is further from me than another option and it is superior! The server was so nice and went out of his way to make sure our infant was comfortable. He even brought her a chilled treat to chew on since she's teething. It's also incredibly inexpensive. Great value!
5	Been here since they first opened... give them a try and you will want to come back for more
1	This place is fast but give you little food! I ordered a pho soup with chicken and extra shrimp and got 2oz of chicken and 2 shrimp. I will not be going back. They also don't understand English at all! So it was very difficult to communicate with them.
5	Having backpacked a few weeks in Vietnam and eaten the local street food north to south, I can honestly say this is the next best thing to being back there. Food is authentic, tasty, and the service is always great.
5	Yum yum! First time here today and I was quite pleased. This is the third place I've gone to eat Vietnamese good and so far this is the best to me. It's small but it's nice and clean. Ordered an appetizer of the pork and veggies egg roll. Delicious. Played it save and just got some Pho with beef. A friend got a store fry platter and it was good to her too! Definitely coming back and trying some other dishes.
2	I got a negative reaction after eating their food because the menu hadn't stated all the ingredients in their food. on top of that, my meal tasted sour. They get an extra star because the spring rolls were tasty. I probably won't return.
4	Great little place.  Excellent Pho and egg rolls.  Service was prompt and helpful.  Will return next time I'm in Goodyear.
2	Unfortunately, it is with sadness, that I need to downgrade my evaluation of this restaurant.I don't know whether they've gotten greedy or are being pinched by the competition and/or the economy, but there's a very noticeable difference these days.  The restaurant is still quite crowded; the food hasn't gotten worse.  But in lieu of raising prices, the portions have gotten noticeably smaller (thus, in effect, raising the prices).  Meanwhile, there's less meat in the soups; in the stir frys, and the size of the goi cuon (shrimp rolls) have gotten ridiculously small; to the point they're not much bigger than the typically small fried egg rolls (cha gio).  Add to that the occasional mistake in orders, slower service and nickel and diming on even the most minor of extras and this place no longer is the "special place" it once was.  Even the sandwiches, never big to start with, have gotten smaller (and stuffed with more veggies than meat ... guess why!).  In addition, in ye olde days, they used to toast the buns.  Not only do they NOT do that now, but the sandwiches we recently bought were as dry my dog's milk bone (which, ironically, also had more meat than in my sandwich).Personally, I'd be less offended if they'd simply raise the prices and bring back the bigger portions --- though, if you'd like to get the sized portion you should have gotten, you can order the XL of your dish for another $2.00 ... $2.00, which really shouldn't be charged in the first place.  But, I guess, were they to serve portions comparable to other places at more expensive prices, they'd no longer seem competitive at all.  Either way, I'm out.
4	The fresh limeade is excellent.  Love the summer rolls and Bun, served with just the right amount of noodles (most places give you way too much). The flavor of the meat is delicious. I'm not a fan of fish sauce for dipping, and their peanut sauce is short on peanut butter/pean. It basically looks like a bowl of soy/hoisin with some crushed peanuts on top. Not a fan.Still, a solid 4 star experience.
5	First time here, really quite and hidden location since it is on the side of the shopping complex. The inside is small with only 35 seats for full capacity! The menus are simple and easy to navigate with the prices next to each option! The inside is quite and relaxed with little to no noise! When i sat down i browsed thru the menu and ordered a chicken , shrimp and beef Pho soup with 2 egg rolls and some thai tea. The eggs rolls and tea came out within 5 min of ordering and that gave me enough time to settle in and wait for the main entree. The main entree the pho was great really large portion for a good price! The soup was hot and steaming with many aromas coming out of it! I have to saw i was eager to taste it! The soup is not for everybody but you have to get the taste for these types of foods. Once i tasted it i was surprised the soup was really good and the meats were well cooked! I am happy to say i will highly recommend this restaurant to my friends and co workers since there are no other restaurants like this in the west valley! Really good and fresh! 5 stars!
4	Great little hole in the wall..my wife and I have been looking for a noodle please ever since moving here from Hawaii. We stumbled upon PT Noodles and gave it a shot. It's a different kind of place from what we were looking for, but we were pleasantly surprised. Great service and the broth was amazing. Prices are so so, but you get a lot of food. The place is a bit on the dingy side, but it is in a strip mall after all. With that being said, we have been back almost weekly for the past few months and have taken several people with us and they all have loved it.
5	Awsome, awsome, awsome...the food is delicious. ..very well service. .nice peoples...nice n clean place...I love it.. I should go more often....::))
4	I'm SO HAPPY to have a place to get pho in Goodyear. When you're feeling a bit ill or down in the dumps, a big bowl of piping hot broth, noodles, meat, veggies and aromatics can soothe your soul. I am a fan of the pho ga, which is their chicken pho, except I also add veggies to the bowl (cabbage, broccoli, and carrots). While I wish the place was bigger and offered more seating, I haven't yet not been able to be seated.
1	Service is non-existent and the noise is deafening. But hey, it's probably the same in Vietnam. Authentic third world charm! Questionable cleanliness, gross restroom, and shady looking men with gang tattoos serving the food...and then forgetting about you. No drink refills and no checking back on us. There is a terrible whining noise coming out of the kitchen that sounds like a high pitched air raid horn. The employees are walking around like everything is normal. All the customers are looking at each other like "what the...?!"  It's so loud in here that my ears hurt. I'm going to get my food as takeout and get out of here! What a miserable environment.
4	quaint and nice.for price, worth.would give 3.5 if ablewanna write this down quickly but doesn't need a full review.pho: broth a bit too tangy and meat mediocrespring roll: got shrimp and pork, got more veggies but still decentbahn mi: good. refreshing like a good bahn mi should be. first bite warms up and then the second gets you in the groove it. however if you take a second you realize there is a slight bit too much mayo. otherwise probably my favorite thing there.
4	In the culinary desert that is Goodyear, PT Noodles is a refreshing breeze. Admittingly, I have only tried two things here; however, I would submit that you can tell the care for the food of a place through just one dish. I usually get the 32 it's stir-fried rice noodles with tofu and mixed veggies. I challenge any staunch meat eater to taste this dish and not go "mmmm". I have also tasted veggie pho, which was as pho-y as pho gets. My old lady has had the chicken and meatball pho, both good. The meatballs are weird and expectations should be tailored away from the american idea of a meatball; having said that, they are similar at all Vietnamese restaurants.I would also be remiss to not let vegans/vegetarians know this place is indeed veg friendly. There aren't many options, but the ones they have are excellent. We eat here often and it's always a treat!
3	Um...I'm so so about this place. I'll probably come back because their bun Bo hue is delicious. But their pho is awful. You can't screw up pho if you own a Vietnamese place. So if I come back it'd be for other items on the menu.
3	Come to PT noodles if you are looking for an exotic experience. The menu is difficult to decipher. And the pronunciations of the Vietnamese words... forget about it. The food, well let's just say it's an exotic experience.
4	The pho is pho real. Really good food for a minimal price. They also give a military discount. Their Vietnamese sandwiches are pretty decent. Place is cramped so don't bring a huge party.
5	I rarely write any reviews but was compelled after the extraordinarily tasty experience at PT Noodles. Having just finished a hike at a nearby park, we were hungry but unwilling to go to a chain restaurant - so we yelped local Asian places. PT Noodles popped up - Vietnamese strip mall places are typically pretty good bets so we decided to give it a go. Service was quick without being rushed, attentive without being cloying. Our fresh shrimp spring rolls were served almost immediately - they came alongside a dark, syrupy peanut sauce. All ingredients were fresh. But the main event? Beef pho - pieces of tripe, beef, meatball swimming in a rich, beefy broth that was quite simply one of the most delicious soups I've had west of the Mississippi. The meal ended with the tri-color desert , which I took to go, a coconut milk-red bean-Green jelly-shaved ice concoction that also satisfied and would be especially refreshing on a hot Arizona day. Unexpected! Tasty! Go!
4	It's a cold night in the west Phoenix Valley and A hot bowl of soup sounded perfect. Quaint little spot on the south side of a Target. Yummy for my tummy
4	On recommendation from my Vietnamese nail tech, I tried this place out.  I ordered the Pho Ga (chicken).  Yummy... it had great taste and hit the spot on a cold Saturday morning... nice size portion for the price... the restaurant is small so be sure to get there early for the best seating.
