5	What if i was to tell you that there was this jewish deli that had pastrami so good that it turned whoever ate it jewish. K it doesnt turn anyone jewish but the pastrami was the best pastrami i have ever eaten. The "Woody Allen" is what we got and what they are most famous for. It is a giant pastrami sandwich probably a good 10inches tall or more. 2 people have to eat because each side is a meal in itself. The pastrami was wet but not too wet, and had just the right amount of saltiness. We put tobasco and honey mustard on it and knocked the tower down and just went thru it with a fork. It's so good i crave it now actually. We also ordered potato salad, which paired well with the pastrami'ness. This place is now the basis of comparison of my pastrami travels and will probably hold number 1. IF YOU ARE IN VEGAS YOU MUST GET THIS. Read the other review on this place....  it is an explosion of awesomeness in your mouth.
4	1 pound of meat for $13!4 of us ordered 1 pastrami sandwich and 1 corn beef sandwich + 2 basic salad. Free pickles when we sat down. One sandwich is enough meat for 4 people(we have some small eater in our group). Total cost for about $40. Pretty good considering  this is on the strip.The pastrami sandwich is filled with meat, sliced thin and then stacked high between rye bread (very traditional). The meat has a hint of smoke, has good flavor with  a generous spice rub around the edge, but not too salty. A little bit of fat on the sandwich makes it juicy without being too heavy. I cannot help but compared it with Schwartz in Montreal. Schwartz's meat has more smokiness, while this is milder. Carnegie Deli's pastrami however a little more salty. I find mustard give a good kick to Schwartz's, but not needed for Carnegie's version. Both version are highly enjoyable.The corned beef sandwich is also filled with meat, stacked high between rye bread. The meat is fatty but not greasy and not heavy. I am a little puzzled by how they achieved this...The pickles are salty but not too tart. This is different from other pickles that I have. I cannot say I prefer it to ordinary pickle, but it is quite good in its own right.The salad is big, but simple. We ordered that because we feel guilty downing 2 pounds of meat:)
3	We were in line for Jet nightclub when our party (who was partying inside already) came spilling out early to say they were hungry.  Just as well, it saved us a $50 cover charge and now we were going to eat.  Not wanting to go far, we stumbled over to the Carnegie Delicatessen with our large party.As we waited in line, everyone went through the dramatics of the night.  It was our turn when the host started to close off the line.  I was confused for a moment, thinking he wasn't going to let us in.  He proceeded to motion for us to follow and he had a table waiting for us already!  Sweet...except that he had only counted ten as two other people had joined us in the line late.  It's okay, we were able to have our additional party of two nearby.Yummy pickles were placed in front of us and I wish I had more.  The menu was huge and I didn't even know where to look.  The BF wanted "The Woody Allen", a gigantic sandwich with loads of pastrami and corned beef ($15.95).  The waitress warned us that it was a big sandwich, as high as our water glass.  We were fine with it as we were sharing.  Indeed, it was a big one, as you can see for yourself from the photo above.  Everyone asked if I was going to get that all in my mouth...uh, hello...I'm a lady...in a dress!  Yeah, I'm busting out with a fork and knife thank you!  You definitely need to smear that mustard all up on your meat to give it a zing.  I didn't really care for the bread though.  The BF finished his half and my leftovers went home.  (They were a bit dry the next day, but if you add some olive oil and stick it in the toaster oven, it's damn good again!)  Our waitress was a doll and so was one of the busgirls.  When a table cleared up closer to our table of ten, I asked if we could move the table over so our other party of two could join us.  The waitress said of course, but then as she walked away, the mean old busboy started taking the chairs away!  I told him we were actually going to use that table and he said, "No! We're closed!"  Uh, we hadn't even received our food yet, so I KNOW it wasn't a problem for them, he was just a complete asshole!  The busgirl ended up overriding him and gave us the table (yay for her!) and so our party of 12 was together again.Things are a la carte here, so no fries with your burger or sandwiches.  But with them being so big, I guess you don't really need them.  They also have breakfast served all day and specialties like "hot tongue" and "chopped liver" to entice your palette.  My friend got an "Order of Bacon" ($5.50), and I do mean an order, it's definitely not a side! Five stars for the host trying to be efficient by counting heads for our party without asking us how many we were and one star for the jerk of an ass old man busboy who hates his job.  3.5 stars overall.
4	So the enticing smells of Carnegie Deli and the size of their food has beckoned until the bait was taken. Carnegie is fairly new to the Mirage. A little pricey for a sandwich until you see why. Cows.....Turkeys.....Chickens....literally most farm animals quiver when they hear that the Carnegie Man is coming. Carnegie man doesn't come for a thigh or breast. it strips the animal from all it's glory to pile unto these Kraken sized sandwiches. Yes...I said it...KRAKEN. It's freakin huge. Like the sandwiches Scooby and Shaggy makes when they have the munchies. Ok so I had the Turkey, Tongue and Corned Beef.  Oy Vey....Sorry but do you want bread with that meat. Ok For those who remember those where's the beef commercials....steer them here. The pickes were definitely kosher and GRreeat.  They also have this egg and pastrami sandwich! Mmmmmm Oh yea...Fanciful. It's a great hot sandwich. Cheesecakes here are colossal....GINORMOUS....Definitely worth it if you're into sweets. Over all I had to ding it 1 star - because I want to eat a sandwich...NOT just the meat...where's the Carbs?
5	This may be the best place for a hot pastrami in the west.  Yes, Vegas has lots of great eats for sure, but as far a relative taste goes, this place kicks arse when it comes to hot pastrami.   Only a few places like Katz Delicatessen in NY might compare.  Our hot pastrami, served on rye, of course, was piled high with tender, tender hot pastrami, deli sliced in the kitchen, about 5 inches high.  Not only was the meat crazy tasty, there was a mountain of it.  I normally wouldn't give anyone 5 stars but for hot pastrami, this place gets 5 stars.  Use deli mustard and pickles to your advantage.
4	ReallyBigSammies!The Carnegie Deli puts NYC to shame. After a short wait we were seated, shoulder-to-shoulder with the people at the next table. Monster-sized sandwiches were brought out in many varieties. Turkey, pastrami, ham... you name it they probably have it!Despite this I opted for breakfast at 11 (PM of course, this is Vegas after all). It was a great choice - rich eggs and crispy bacon were the perfect cushion before an evening of fun!Don't forget to try a pickle... you won't regret it!
5	Great food, great atmosphere! Huge portions and the prices wont leave you broke! We tried the potato latkas and the pastrami sandwich, both of which left us fat, dumb, and happy- I would call that a very successful meal!
2	Carnegie's Famous Burger - decent burger. Nothing special, but not bad. Chicken soup with noodles - overpriced and tasted like Campbell's Chicken Noodle Soup, noodles just aren't as soggy. Maybe I should've ordered their pastrami or corned beef...
2	This place can be summed up in a sentence: Quantity over Quality.Actually, I don't think that's technically a sentence. Don't you need an object and a proposition or a predicamacation and a subjugation or some shit like that in order for it to technically be a sentence? I don't know, English is my second language. Anyway, this place, huge ass servings, key word, ass. Because that's what everything tasted like. Too dry, too salty, too much. My mom ordered the club sandwich. The thing was several inches tall. Don't believe me? Check out the picture I uploaded. You know how they normally use toothpicks to hold sandwiches together? Well, this place used like chopsticks or something. And it's not like they charge the price of a regular club, they definitely charge you more. But who can eat that much? Especially a little old Asian lady like my mom? Poor woman could barely lift the damn thing up off the plate!Anyway, if you want to be mesmerized by sheer portion size, eat here. Otherwise, pay less for higher quality food and save your money for one of those topless dance shows in town. Oh yeah.
3	Reason:Mom's first trip to Vegas in 30 years (whoa).Bueno:The portions and the prices (depending on what you order). I really dig the breakfasts here!No Bueno:Just about everything else. Oversized meals and sandwiches that aren't possible to eat without a fork and knife...which kind of defeats the purpose of sandwiches  =P  Flavor is ok, but it's nothing spectacular and the service is average at best.
1	Las Vegas has attracted several famous delicatessens.  There are now branches of Stage Deli, Carnegie Deli and Canter's Deli.  Canter's is a branch of a famous Los Angeles deli; the other two are based in New York.Carnegie Deli should have stayed in New York.  Their sandwiches consist of two regular size pieces of rye bread, with what must be a pound of deli inside.  Large bamboo skewers hold everything together.  If that's not big enough, you can order the Woody Allen, which combines corned beef and roast beef for an even bigger sandwich.  You don't pick up the sandwich, you lift off the bread and use a fork.  Sounds good so far, but the corned beef was dry and not all that flavorful; same for the pastrami.  At breakfast, I tried the matzobrei, pancake style.  It was just an omelet with a little matzo thrown in - very disappointing.  Their menu doesn't even mention sour cream as an option - you have to ask for it.I really wanted Carnegie Deli to be good, especially because I've stayed at The Mirage a couple of times.  I kept trying, and continued to be disappointed.  Potato latkes were large, greasy, and crispy on the outside, but the potato was the consistency of mashed potatoes.  Cheese blintzes were OK, but not good enough to order again.  The only bright spots: a hot dog that was huge and pretty good; a chocolate chip cookie that also was huge, and also was pretty good.
3	I forgot the name of the sandwich I got, but it was bigger than my thigh.  It was basically a brick of pastrami and a brick of turkey between two pieces of wheat bread.  I barely ate half and I kind of felt sick after from eating so much goddamn meat.
1	Simply the worst food I have ever had.  I was certain we were on some television show and and any moment someone would appear to tell us this was a joke.  Alas....A complementary snack: pickles (!!!???!!!)I ordered a roast beef sandwich, what arrived was a 3-inch-diameter ball of cold cut roast beef with some bread and lettuce all on a wooden skewer.  Others ordered a chicken with potatoes and a sea-food salad.Chicken was yellow-green-blue and cold.  sea-food salad resembled coleslaw with worms!I took a bite and then asked for my money back.  Only got 50% off the bill.How do they stay in business?!
2	Okay, why was there such a long wait?  We got so bored, we counted the empty seats in the place, and there were more empty seats than people waiting in line.  A former waitress, I thought maybe they were understaffed, but by time we were sat, they sat to capacity, so that confused me even more as to why we had to wait 20 minutes to be sat.Our waitress took our order, but accidentally forgot to get my husband's.  It took us a few minutes to track her back down to get her to take his order, too, so his food came out later than the rest of us, which was kind of weird.  How do you forget the 4th person's order at a table.  Again, former waitress, and I don't get it.That said, the grilled cheese and fries were fine.  I mean, it's grilled cheese.  I'm vegetarian so this wasn't the kind of place that caters to me, which is cool.  If you're into the meat, this is the place for you.  Their sandwiches were approximately nine inches tall, no joke.  It was unlike anything I've ever seen before.  I think I'd still like to try the real Carnegie Deli, though, because I somehow got the feeling this wasn't a good representation of the Carnegie name.  Service was lacking, wait time was illogical, and cleanliness wasn't the restaurant's forte.  I'll get back to you on all this after I check out another Carnegie Deli.
4	While I definitely agree with the reviews that say the matzo ball sucks, I still enjoy the large portions and generally good sandwiches here.  I usually go here after work (11pm or so) when there's no line or anything so its fine.
4	We came in for a quick bite before LOVE and I liked the food.  We saw that the portions were huge, so we split a sandwich and I ordered the chicken noodle soup.  The turkey sandwich was your normal turkey sandwich, but with a ton of turkey. I really liked the chicken noodle soup.  I really wanted the pastrami sandwich because it looked really, really good -next time.We didnt' wait at all and the service was fast and she was on top of it.
4	Most days I eat plain chicken breasts grilled on my Foreman, drink water and chow on raw fruits and vegetables.  Every so often, my inner fat man takes control of the impulse control portion of my brain and I shove food into my pie hole so fast it would sicken Takeru Kobayashi himself.  I had one such moment at Carnegie Deli in Vegas.  I ordered the Woody Allen, the famous coronary inducing two pound sandwich and devoured it on one sitting.  It was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had, but all that gluttony put me in a bad way, gastrically speaking.Larger portions than the NYC location and more expensive, but otherwise pretty much the same.Minus one star for the slow and gruff service.
4	Foo is just as good as the one in Manhattan.. you can eat for 4 days.. at least thats what I did.. Corned beef sandwich with russian dressing on the side.. order extra dressing, extra bread.. you are good to go.. I do in in manhattan too.. the atmosphere in vegas is fun.. but its vegas.. go to NY for a treat.
4	Stays true to its NYC roots.  Lean, tasty pastrami and corned beef in fucktasticly big sandwiches.The $16.95 Woody Allen sandwich is a pastrami/corned beef mix that might be bigger than Woody Allen's head (the sandwich is maybe 3 inches tall).  Highly recommend splitting the sandwich with someone else - even if they charge a couple bucks extra to do it.  Great horseradish tinged mustard.  Very good sour pickles.They have a take-out spot that serves as a good fallback on busy sports weekends - you can just eat it in the sports book while watching the game.So while this is NOT the place you want to be spending dinner in Vegas, it's a solid choice for lunch.  Especially if you don't live in a city with good Jewish deli.
2	We had just arrived and checked into the Mirage and were quite hungry, however as we had reservations for a fancy restaurant in about 3 hours and did not want to go far, we settled for Carnegie.  Wow...was this a bad choice considering our scenario.  We expected a lite snack like meal (with snack like prices) to last us until dinner, but instead we found a pricey deli that served so called sandwiches the size of your head for $15 plus $3 "sharing" fee.  The sandwixhes are basically a pile of deli meat (we had the pastrami) between two tiny pieces of bread (jsut picture a slice of wonder bread sliced diagonally) and that is it.  They serve a side of pickles.  The fries were a la carte.   Now don't get me wrong, the pastrami was quite delicious.  However, it is just really silly to pay alomt $20 for a whole, heaping plate of jsut pastrami.  (Sure you could save $3 by not sharing, but not sharing one those sandwiches is like wishing a heart attack upon yourself.)
3	We love the California Pizza Kitchen across the aisle, but decided not to wait for the queue to clear.  We sat down to review the menu, and checked out what the other patrons were having.  The first thing that hits you is that the portions are so large that a majority of what is ordered is going to the trash bin.  Sad statement in these days when we should be conserving.My bride and I ordered a reuben and an extra plate for $3.  A mountainous sandwich soon arrived, and we split it three ways, one of which we did not touch.  The texture and taste was very appealing.  We thoroughly enjoyed it.  A couple of guys sat down next to us, and did not perform the same diligence that we had.  They both ordered the same thing, and finished about half.  I'd probably rate this place higher based on the food quality, but I am put off by the lack of common sense on portion size.
3	Good stuff - trust me, go with the Woody Allen.  It's huge and filled with tasty pastrami and corned beef.  Relatively lean pastrami, and the horseradish mustard on the table is a great match.  (I made a kickass corned beef & pastrami hash with the leftovers today.)Yesterday I tried the cheese blintzes and a potato pancake.  Blintzes... fried?  Deep-fryer action?  Very odd, but the filling was fantastic.  The potato pancake was good, not too greasy, some noticeable onion action in there.  But here is where they lose a star from me - $13 for three small blintzes.  $5 for a decent-sized potato pancake.  I think I was offended by the receipt which listed the potato pancake as "latkes" - as in multiple items.  Uh, no, you really did charge me $5 for one latke. Service was also really slow.  But this was the best deli dining I've experienced east of the Mississippi (not including Canter's in LA).
4	I had a liverwurst sandwich on white breadand the amount of livewurst they put on the sandwich was RIDICULOUS!However, it was delicious.Their deep dish apple pie was very tart without being too sweet.Love it.If you're feeling adventurous, there are many options, like tongue *shudder*
4	Got into Vegas around 10 or 11 at night, and came here for the midnight munchies.  There was a wait even at this time, but it was reasonable.The pastrami sandwiches here are HUGE, as mentioned by other Yelpers.  My boyfriend claims it was the best pastrami sandwich he's ever had, and he's clamoring to come back.  Very very good and one of the good value places in Vegas to eat at.  Their cheesecake is also delectable.  Definitely stop by here when your stomach and your wallet needs a break from fine dining.*** update 3/27/08I had to take off 1 star for service this time.  The bf had a craving for pastrami so we came a little around 1 am.  The servers were unfriendly, a bit understandable for 1 am, but I was disappointed.  I also ordered a potato knish, which is huge.  Yummy, but perhaps you'd want to share.  Picture above.
2	The portions of meat in the sandwiches are seriously ridiculous. And to top it off... I thought the salami was disgusting. It did not taste right. And the portions were just off-putting.The only highlight was an interesting tidbit from our server: The booth we sat in had a telephone. We were told that the owner of this place will sometimes call in and talk to the people seated at that booth to see how their experience is going... he lives on the East Coast or something. He did not call during our meal... but I thought it was intriguing to put a telephone in the booth to check on his customers himself....
4	Carnegie Deli beats The HatThey fly in all the meat from NYC.
4	the pastrami is pretty delicious and huge.   i can't really remember anything else.
3	The food is good. Maybe a notch lower than the actual Carnegie Deli in New York. It's also a huuuuugggeee portion. If you don't eat that much like me, go ahead and split it with someone. You will thank yourself when the waiter plops it down on the table. Now, I am usually not one to complain about service because I used to be a waiter, but man the service stunk here. It took about twenty minutes for someone to come over and say hi to us and then another ten minutes for that same person to take our order. I don't know what was up. Maybe they were short staffed or something.
3	OMG - Biggest Club Sandwich I have ever seen.  And not "good" big.  It was way too big.  There is no way to eat this sandwich by taking a bite out of it.  If you try, you have to eat 1 bite out of the lettuce section, then the turkey section, and so on.  What a waste of food.The turkey burger was pretty good.  So were the fries. We had a party of 10 and the service was pretty good.  I'll give them that.I also loved the hologramed pickle jars on the walls. Pretty freakin cool.
4	The service sucked.  Seriously, we almost got up and walked out it took so long to get someone to talk to us.  However...The food was DELICIOUS.I had the Cheese Blintzes with sour cream and applesauce.  Need some comfort food for my hangover, and it definitely delivered.  The man had a sandwich bigger than my head which worked out well since he can't eat the bread anyway. And they give you pickles while you're waiting for your food.  Funny pickles...
4	After drinking for an entire day, the family decided that to head to the Mirage to gamble. While there, I broke my high heel, watched hubby win $80 playing penny slots, and witnessed the eighth wonder of the world being placed in front of my dad at Carnegie Deli.We initially decided to not eat dinner and then realized that you cannot party appropriately without something other than frozen drinks in your belly.  We went to Carnegie and the waitress convinced dad to order the Woody Allen- corned beef and pastrami.  Dad went with it. Mom ordered a BLT, hubby ordered a chicken breast sandwich and I ordered a grilled cheese with bacon.I was the smartest in the group as my food was of average size.  Mom had at least a pound of bacon on her BLT and Dad...well, Dad was presented with a ten inch tall mountain of meat. My drunk bootie thought it was the funniest thing I'd ever seen and proceeded to take a video of it. It's on youtube.Overall, this place is a kick, although they do waste an extraordinary amount of food.
2	Warning: Undisclosed Relish Situation (URS)The food here is nothing compared to the Carnegie Deli in New York, and the service was far too slow. It took an hour to do a simple lunch on a Saturday, and most of that involved sitting at the table waiting for our server.I dislike their pickles, which were too salty yet flavorless.  The latkes were the opposite - bland with no salt.   Also, my tuna salad's bread wasn't toasty and it had a URS.  Relish!!!! Why wouldn't they forewarn me???????? WHY?? I HATE relish! I have never had a tuna salad with relish in my life, and I aim to never have one again.  Maybe it would have been better if I ordered something else, but then again, how would I have known? Sign the petition.  Ban all URSs in this country!
4	About time I write about the monstrously monstrous monster sandwich. My first picture on yelp is me eating this monstrosity.I usually make a stop here pretty much every single time I come to Vegas. Or ask people to come here to pick up food for me to go when they leave. Why? PASTRAMI.I'm not sure what's in their pastrami, but it's like crack to me. I'll eat maybe their large sandwich worth, and then take another side of pastrami to go, for myself to make some regular sized yummy sandwiches after. The pastrami is well seasoned, with a nice peppercorny crust, and just enough marbling and fattiness to give you that juicy and chewy but tender texture. I don't even eat the bread or bother to put mustard on the sandwich. I just go about taking a fork to pastrami to mouth. OM NOM NOM NOM.The sandwich is really a decent value for 13.95, if you take it home. If you end up just tossing the sandwich cause you don't feel like carrying it, don't come here. Splitting the sandwich (3$) is a good idea if you're not taking it home. Their other food is just OK. Nothing really to be highlighted, honestly, corned beef is pretty dry in comparison. I keep tempting myself to get the reuben, but something about the mound of cheese on top of meat and bread looking like a big sand dune scares me a little bit.Yeah, service is off, sometimes. Yeah, the sandwich is grossly oversized for a lot of people. For me, it's just eat what I can, take out, and eat later.4 stars - Pastrami is the ultimate, everything else here falls short however. Come here on your last day of Vegas, as you will have leftovers to take home.
3	3.5 stars. We came here b/c someone said this place has better pastrami than The Hat in L.A. but this was not true. The Hat is better! This place gives you a really thick amount of pastrami in your sandwich. You can see in the pictures here. The thinly sliced bread isn't enough to support all that meat. They should serve all that yummy pastrami in a roll instead.Fries are a steep price ($5.95) but they are huge and we were able to share one order amongst 5 people with leftovers. They also will charge a sharing fee which sucks since the sandwiches are so big and we all can't take the leftovers home since we're on vacation. :(Oh but our waiter was nice enough to not charge the share fee if you just order something else to eat such as fries.
2	It is beyond me why someone would want that much meat on a sandwich. These things are honestly a pain to eat. A pile of meat a foot high is not a sandwich.. it's a mess my friends. Service was bad, prices suck, and if memory serves they charge you to split sandwiches that obviously cannot be consumed by 1 person. This one is as crappy as the one in NYC, but without the history and charm.
3	The sandwiches are comical.  They're freakin' huge.  If you're not that hungry, get one to split with a friend.  I wouldn't even call it a sandwich as much as I would call it a plate of meat with bread used for meat holders.Came here for a late breakfast/early lunch, and I needed some protein.  If I wasn't craving something meaty, I would've ordered something more breakfasty.  Luckily my friend did, and he ordered the French toast, which was money.  Go for the French toast.
1	I suppose this is a biased rating, as I'm not big on eating a mountain of meat, but geez!There were maybe two things on the menu that didn't have meat and when the food came out, I was very glad I ordered the grilled vegetables (not that they tasted that great, but they didn't make my stomach explode.) The meat dishes were ridiculous, four to five servings on one sandwich. The food was not very tasty, insanely expensive and extremely wasteful, as only two out of eight of our party could finish their food (and one of them wound up with a tummy ache.)Now, if you enjoy eating until you sweat and lose the ability to move, this is the place for you, but it would be cheaper and yummier to just go to the In-and-Out.
3	This place has the biggest sandwiches I've seen. I'm talking HUGE. Sandwiches here should just be called a ton of meal with a side of bread. One meal is good for two, maaaybe 3 people. The food itself is alright, nothing special. I suggest just ordering an omelette or some kind of breakfast, or the beefamania is pretty good too, can't go wrong with gravy!
5	All I had from here was a piece of chocolate cake. I did take out and wanted to eat it in my room. It was the best piece of chocolate cake I've ever had. Yummy! It  made me wish I had dinner there instead of it's neighbor the BLT which was disguisting. George Carlin loved this place, trust him.
2	This place is scary. Their portions are huge and the food looks scary. Look at my pictures, we ordered alien babies or something. I think its  ruben sandwich and an omelet. Yucky..and it tasted gross.
4	Women, don't lie to the men and tell them any different. Bigger is better, and I'm not even going to front about it now. Bigger sandwiches, bigger latkes, huge plates of french fries. When I go to Carnegie I can consume my weekly caloric intake in thirty minutes with no problem. They need to make longer toothpicks for the massive amount of meat stuffed into their mile high sandwiches. A classic New York establishment, right around the corner from Carnegie Hall is where I first found this restaurant, and I was delighted to know that I could escape (especially if I had already drank a lot and squinted my eyes) back to New York where I feel so at home. The service is good, and they bring me all sorts of things not on the menu that I sneak from the nearby California Pizza Kitchen nestled inbetween Carnegie and the Sports Bar at the Mirage. A little BBQ sauce and ranch on my huge plate of fries. Three deeply fried and crispy latkes soaking in apple sauce and sour cream. They're super busy after LOVE gets out, so hit it later and feed the machine before you hit Tryst where you work it all off on the floor (and in my case also on the pole). It's perfect when I need to see huge mason jars full of pickles to bring me right back home to the East when I've been in Cali for too long and feel like all I've been eating are sprouts and drinking organic wheat grasses. The only thing is that even the pickle jars aren't real, they're an image on a lighted box. How appropriate considering not only are we in Vegas, but also at the Mirage, and that's exactly what this place is, a NYC classic mirage, but it does it's job nicely and fixes your cravings up well. PS. Take the 5th Avenue cake to go. It's killer at 5am after you're about to get alcohol poisoning while smoking in the jacuzzi tub with your new friends at the Palazzo.
3	Ok, this place has the biggest portions in the world, but they should have at least warned us when we ordered. We got 4 things for 4 people, coming to more than $60, and we basically threw half our food away.You are better off ordering 1 thing and splitting it with someone, however, they will charge you $3 split charge if you do this - still more worth it than making 2 orders though, trust me.The hot pastrami is pretty good but kind of odd that it doesn't come with a side of anything. The tuna melt is HUGE!!! It looked like a combo platter at a mexican joint covered in that mountain of cheese... Expect to pay $10-20/person at this casual lil restaurant.
2	This place makes me sick. Eat here if you're obese. When your food arrives you suddenly turn full! You're staring at at least 5 lbs of meat. Seriously that's gross. Why would you want to eat so much meat. That one sandwich could feed a family of 10. The cold cuts weren't even that great. I had way better pastrami at Safeway. Maybe i ordered the wrong sandwich... but seriously did not enjoy my meal at all. One good thing about Carnegie is that they probably have the best fries I have ever eaten. Better than any fast food restaurant, better than the animal style fries from In n Out.
2	We went to Carnegie Deli on a Monday morning (around 10:30am) for breakfast. The service was extremely slow considering the place wasn't even full. Although, once our orders were taken the food was brought out quickly (although I had to sit and wait for her to bring syrup for the french toast). My boyfriend got an omlete sandwich, which he loved. Just about everything on the breakfast menu included eggs, which isn't so good for a girl whose #1 biggest dislike is eggs. The french toast, which was delcious by the way, was the ONLY breakfast entree without eggs involved. So, good thing I like french toast. I probably would have given this a better review under one of the two following conditions:a) the service wasn't terrible (she even cut me off mid-sentance when I was ordering)b) I liked eggs and/or they had more than eggs on the breakfast menuI've had the cheesecake from the Carnegie in New York and if they use the same receipe in Vegas, it has to be amazing. Wish I had left room in my belly to get a piece.
3	The sandwiches are HUGEMONGOUS first off... The pastrami is crazy big and the omelet sandwich I had was pretty big and not that easy to eat.Service was less that desirable but not the worst I've had.Location is right in/on the casino floor.Everything seemed really expensive too... but everything, including the guy's pile of bacon next to usIt's an okay place to eat but if you have time/patience go elsewhere
5	Carnegie has the yummiest deli sandwiches. There is something about the meats that is simply amazing. I usually get the corned beef, but I have had the pastrami, too. My mouth is salivating as I type. It is that good. I have a couple tips/warnings: -The servings are huge. So either share or expect to bring food home. -There is only one size for french fries. So if you're eating alone, you might want to skip it because you'll be wasting a lot. -The place is cramp. -The prices are expensive. Weird side note - I always order iced coffee when I'm there. I usually like my coffee with cream and sugar, but the coffee plain here is super good. I can taste it right now. YUM!!! If you do make it to dessert, I would suggest the strawberry cheesecake. The texture is different from any other cheesecake I have tasted. It is rich in flavor. The strawberries compliment the cheesecake as opposed to being overbearing. If you don't mind being cramp and spending a little extra cash, then you got to try Carnegie. Try to stick to the meatier sandwiches, desserts, and iced coffee. Oh yeah, and maybe the Matzo Soup. I personally haven't had it, but I heard it was good.
1	NOT quite like the one in NY.My borscht was okay but my friends' chocolate milk was powdery. Food was half cooked and our waiter was in a coma or something. I felt so bad convincing my friends to try this place instead of BLT (2 minutes around the corner).The New York one gives you a VARIETY of pickles, not just the stubbed ones we got at this Mirage joint. I think NEW YORK-NEW YORK has their own Carnegie and it may be better. Why would Carnegie Deli be at the Mirage and not at NY NY? Oh, be warned if you go for the aged steaks at NY NY (Gallagher's). I had to suffer through a plane ride back to NY. Yes, I stayed at NYNY. So what, it was cheap but not Circus Circus.
4	if you like pastrami, you have to make a stop here.riiiiiiidiculous sandwiches!!!!!!!!!!! sooooo much meat. these sandwiches are STACKED! you can easily split one of their specialties with someone (just a note they charge $3 if you share) we originally came because my friend said they have really good cheesecake here so all 4 of us shared a slice after consuming pounds of pastrami....the cheesecake was REALLY REALLY good. i'm not a huge huge fan of cheesecake but highly recommend the strawberry cheesecake here!!! didn't feel too heavy (even though it prob was) but the filling was really fluffy which made it seem lighter than your avg cheesecake.
3	So I stayed in the Mirage and every time I passed this place I wanted to stop. The sandwiches are humongous! Almost ridciulous...i felt bad, even splitting with a friend. I still wasted some of the meat. I mean who can actually take a bite out of that! Anyways the food was good but pricey. One of my friends ordered the chicken noodle soup and it was terrible. So I would stick with a sandwich if I were you. Plus they have a lot of good desserts!!
2	We only went there for the cheesecake. I don't know if the recipe didn't travel well from Manhattan or what but I was really disappointed.It just wasn't very good. The crust wasn't up to standard...doughy but tough...how did they do that?The  cheesecake itself was OK. But the worst part...$25 for a couple of slices of cheesecake and beverages. I know I am in Las Vegas, but seriously...whiskey tango foxtrot!It's unfortunate when I can get better cheesecake at the Cheesecake Factory than Carnegie Deli. I still stop by when I'm in NYC, but I doubt I'll try this location again, anytime soon.
5	5 stars for the woody allen!!! that thing is huge and delicious! its 2lbs(1lb corn beef, 1lb pastrami) of carnivore heaven! this place is a must stop for me everytime i go to vegas.
2	Not feeling it at all....My gf and I were looking for a quick bite before our Cirque show that night at the Mirage. We decided to stop by Carnegie's since it looked cheap and quick. First of all, this restaurant is dirty. The floors were sticky and the table had dried mayo/mustard stuck on it. To be honest, that kind of set the tone for the rest of the meal. Anyway, I ordered the egg salad sandwich ($7.95)and my gf ordered the turkey sandwich ($14.99). The server asked my gf if she would like cheese, lettuce, tomatoes or anything else on the sandwich. Without thinking too much about it, she simply replied with "sure". We also had an order of Matzo balls in chicken broth ($6.95).The soup came out first and it was pretty tasty. For those of you who don't know, Matzo balls are these giant meatballs made of dough but without the meat. It was tasty and hit the spot after a long 4 hour drive  from LA to Vegas. My egg salad sandwich tasted funky. I couldn't exactly put my finger on what it was, but it tasted as if it might have been spoiled or rotten. My gf's turkey sandwich was monstrous. I took a bite and it tasted pretty normal for a turkey sandwich.When the bill came, they apparently charged extra for cheese, lettuce and tomatoes. $2 for the cheese, $1 for the lettuce and $1 for the tomatoes. What kind of a restaurant charges extra for lettuce, tomatoes, and cheese on a sandwich? Aren't sandwiches supposed to come with these things? We ended up paying almost $20 for a freakin' turkey sandwich. The same kind you get at Subway for $6. All in all, we paid about $40 for two sandwiches and a bowl of soup. I would give it a lower rating if it weren't for the tasty Matzo ball soup. If you are staying in the Mirage, you can probably find better alternatives to Carnegie's.
4	Great matzo ball soup!  The pastrami sandwich was HUGE and it was soooo yummy with their brown mustard.  I'm still dreaming about it.  My husband had a humungous liver sandwich.  I had a couple of bites of that and it was pretty good but not as good as my pastrami sandwich.  The only disappointment was the tasteless coffee.  I'd pick this over Cravings anyday.
3	So a certain holiday just passed around the corner and what better way to celebrate than to roadtrip with a couple of the homies to Vegas! We originally intended to hit up the Grand Canyon, but logic came to our senses and we decided otherwise. For once, I don't have a sweet description of the place. It's quite typical really as it's located inside The Mirage. I mean, I guess they feel the need to offer several types of cuisines for those that have different moods and appetites. And that's understandable. But when using such a name like Carnegie, one should at least match the quality and ingredients that go into a meal. Not saying that I didn't enjoy of course. When ordering, they were missing several key ingredients like Rye Bread and such. How can you run an establishment without a staple in some sandwiches?! I'm normally not very critical and quite understanding, but no Rye? Makes me wanna go Homer status. All good though as I ordered myself an open-bread Turkey and Gravy along with Mashed Potatoes or the Nosh, Nosh Nanette (apparently, named after a musical). The portions are HUUUUUUUUUUUGE!!!!! How do I put a mental image on you fellow yelpers and yelpettes?! If the Hulk, the Juggernaut, and the Blob all went through what Goku and Vegeta do when they fusion and form one being..........alright, I exaggerated just a tiny bit. But you guys get what I'm trying to put across. So other than them missing ingredients and such, I was actually pretty satisfied withe the whole experience. Adding of course that we drove the  Valley and enjoying our meal at 4AM and missing class the same morning, it was still quite delicious. I didn't get to have their cheesecake this time as I was ready to explode, put back into pieces, and blow up again! Of course, this doesn't compare to their Manhattan location (except for the service, cause them east coast peeps can be vicious for this poor little valley boy...NOT) but it did the job. So whenever you're around The Mirage, stop by and give it a try.
5	I am an honest to goodness Yankee, and yes I know this ain't even close to the real thing.  HOWEVER, this is one of my main go-to-spots in LV.  Here's why...First, as anyone knows who has been there, walked past, or read these reviews, the portions are ginormously, astronomically, ridonculously huge.  This is a great thing to me, as I am inherently greedy.  Of course, it would be better if my hotel room had a fridge to store the leftovers, but I blame the hotels for that, not Carnegie. (Jury rig a 'fridge' in your bathroom sink or buy a cooler at CVS).  First time I went there, me and mom both ordered separate sandwiches, her the turkey club and me the prime rib.  Wrong move!  You should have seen our faces slide to the floor when they showed up and set them on the table.  We both literally had to peer AROUND our sandwiches to make eye contact.  Now, as far as prime ribs go, it was decent, but I honestly don't know what I was thinking in ordering it for myself, since I'm not really a fan.  Actually, I brainfarted and was thinking roast beef but that's my fault.  Anyway, needless to say we both had like 4 full sandwiches of leftovers to take home and for her to throw away, since she left the next morning.  So that's my first tip - split a sandwich, its so worth the extra 3 bucks or whatever to do so.  oh yeah, and go early in the day so you have time to eat those leftovers that night before they spoil.  Second time I went, I followed her move and ordered the turkey club, was smart and split it.  The thing is to ask for extra bread so when you break all that meat and bacon and stuff down you can make actual sandwiches, instead of open-faced halves.  With a little salt and pepper and some pickle juice it was golden.  I asked for bread when I left too, don't remember if/what they charged me but it wasn't much.  So to me, the place is great for the sheer quantity of food, even at 20 bucks a sandwich.  The 'rents went back again and my dad had the huge pastrami and said it was really good, and mom had chicken salad and also liked it (but again, get extra bread and prepare for how much you're gonna get).  One of the best things about this joint is the pickles on the table.  I'm usually having to hold myself back from eating them all (and really spoiling the appetite for the ensuing sandwich).Also, another think I really like about Carnegie is you can get an old-fashioned egg cream here, which is basically like a carbonated thin milkshake.  So freakin good.....  The malt is good tooI'm glad to see that Carnegie is now open 24hrs, because the first couple of times I went they closed at 2am and I remember wanting a sandwich so bad after leaving Jet.  So I'll definitely be kicking off my heels in there next time I go the club, I'm sure it'll all be SO much better at 4am after the a-a-a-a-a-alcohol....
2	all i can say is that this place holds a special place in the hearts of me and my girls!!! nothing like stumbling into Jewish deli at 5am on our way home from the clubs.. where else are you served a plate of pickles upon being sat and has gefilte fish on the menu?? we were way to entertained to care about the greasy food we were eating. 3 recommendations: go when your wasted, order the grilled cheese and fries, and ask for Maria!!!! We loved you Maria ;)
4	Pretty basic deli operation, but done correctly. HUGE portions. Oh my goodness. We ordered a simple ruben, planning to share it for two people. It was easily twice what we needed. I also (mistakenly) ordered eggs. They came out cooked exactly as requested. It's a little crowded in here, to say the least. You're pretty much sitting on top of your neighbors. But the food is great. A lot of 'delis' do just a mediocre job of slopping some cold cuts on store bought bread. This is not one of those places. It's "pricey" if you aren't smart enough to take my advice and share items. Otherwise, it's on you. Anyway, I'd definitely hit this up for breakfast or lunch, anytime.
4	Dude this place is awesome...I didn't even know this place existed and I come to the Mirage all the time.  Carnegie's, brought over from the origional NY location to LV, copies the same style and menu and makes legit pastrami sandwiches.  $15 will get you a hot pastrami on rye and pickle....so good!  and It could last you for 2 meals.  I've been to Katz, and compared to that place, Carnegie's is up there...not exactly the same, but comparably as good.  Love the dijon mustard
2	He said, " World Famous??? for what...plain bland food?...We went there for breakfast I think...although it was lunch I think...you lose track of time in Vegas by the way. So I had some eggs and sausage and once again..they looked like they were slapped on there like Chris Brown slapped Rhiana...so we ate there because we didn't want to get full..but next time we will look for some place else..."She said,"Yeah i only got a bagel with butter and a fruit cup, thats because i didnt find anything on the menu that great. There really wasnt much for breakfeast expect for eggs and omlets. Next time i want good breakfast ill do a buffet at caesars or harrahs."
4	This Deli/Diner, is good.  It tastes authentic.  The proportions are huge and filling.  It's the best hang over cure around outside of NYC.
3	This was the only place we found to eat at 4am inside the Mirage hotel. Since we were staying at this hotel, we decided to find a quick bite here. For the wee hours, there was a good amount of people eating here. Lots of intoxicated characters too.Lots of sandwiches on the menu here. I went with the chicken noodle soup. I was tempted to add the matzo ball too but it would've turned into an $8+ soup so I left that out. I was craving soup and it hit the spot. My friend who got the same thing agreed. I ordered the French toast which was very good. I only had a slice before my drunken-tired friend devoured the rest of it. It was probably a good call anyhow, it was late and I was ready to pass out.All in all, this wasn't a bad place. It's not as cheap as it may seem. So if you're broke from the tables or have spent all your money in the clubs, make sure you have enough to pay for the meal here.
3	Where am I? I don't remember walking here?I was barely functioning. Wait, what time is it? I look around. There was a good amount of people on the same boat as me. Drunk, lost and hungry. Are we inside the Mirage? I guess we are. Good, that's where our hotel is. My friends did the ordering. I put my head down for a bit. I woke up, had some fries and the best left over French toast of my life. Okay, someone carry me to the room please.
4	So many Carnegie haters!  Really?I'm an East Coaster living in Northern California.  You want marginal deli food?  We've got it for you, in abundance!  But ah, when I get to Vegas, I know I'm going to have kosher dill pickles and  Carnegie Deli cheesecake.I could care less about the gargantuan sanwiches or the lobby coffee shop atmosphere.  It doesn't even bother me that the nearest restroom is 10 billion miles away.  What matters is the cheesecake.The touch decision?  Strawberry or rugalech?  Through my amazing power of persuasion (bullying, perhaps) I manage to convince my travel companion to order the other.SO SO SO SO SO SO GOOD.  Cheesecake heaven.  Seriously.This is the only time I *EVER* order milk, anywhere.It's a simple equation, really.  Water and pickles, milk and cheesecake.
3	All I remember is waiting in line with my gf, drunk off Fat Tuesdays with our big ASS mugs. Probably the only ones drunk sitting down trying to get some food in our stomach hahaha! Anyways we split a sandwich, it was okay I guess. Only bonus was that we pretty much took a bunch of the meat and extra bread to our hotel so we had some good eats afterwards when we got back from a drunken night!
4	This place is crazy!!!  The sandwiches are freaking MONSTERS!  You can probably split one between four people!  We went here twice.  My freinds got the liver and roast beef.  Came with a mountain of roast beef and a baseball size scoop of liver.  Holy moly!  We had the ruben, open face, piled high with meat and topped with a layer of melted cheese.  Oh so good!!!!
4	Me and my buddies came here to eat before we went clubbing at Club Jet at the Mirage. We needed to eat quickly so we could get in line and actually get in. Being a guy it's harder to get into clubs, if you did not know that. It was pretty crowded in there so we got one of the last booth seats so it was nice. We sat down at a waiter came to get us our waters. Then he also brought us some salted pickles. The pickles were REALLY salty. Well they were too salty for me anyways, but my friends liked them. Then i got the pastrami sandwich on white bread. It was like $14 bucks....cough cough. I thought it was going to be a small sandwich that was good. And because i was in Vegas i expected it to be expensive. We did not expect the sandwiches to be so big. I tried to pick up the whole sandwich and i was stuffing my face. After a good 5 mins i finished the first half. I had to use a fork to eat some of it because many of it came out of the sandwich and onto my plate. I could only eat about 3/4 of the sandwich by the time i was full. The service was okay. It was really busy so it was kind of hard to get service and some more pickles. We were in and out of there pretty quick and we planned to come back, but we never did. Overall, a pretty good place if you are craving a pastrami or corn beef sandwich in Vegas.
3	Tucked away in the Mirage across from the Sports Book, is the Vegas location of the Carnegie Deli. While not as good as the original in New York by any means, it's still pretty good. But I've noticed that it's been heading south a little bit lately. Just in the last few years it's moved from a 4 star to a 3 in my book. I've eaten here quite a few times. My first visits were outstanding for sure. I had one of the best nova, onion, tomato, & cream cheese bagels for breakfast here. The Corned Beef and Pastrami sandwiches were perfect. The Woody Allen is featured on my photo, it's 2 lbs of corned beef stacked on 2 lbs of pastrami. I've eaten several Woody Allens (and lived to tell about it) in New York. I can say this one in Vegas is bigger. I don't think it's supposed to be, but it is. Considering the prices of some of the other sandwiches on the menu, it's almost a bargain at $17. But as much as I loved this place at first, it's let me down on my last 2 or 3 trips. Las Vegas Carnegie must be being run by non-deli people. How do I know this? Because mistakes are made that would cause a riot in the original. While the quality of pastrami and corned beef is excellent, it's a shot in the dark that you get it prepared correctly. My last few visits, I've had it both overcooked, and undercooked. It's important how long it sits in that steamer and that it gets put back in the steamer between sandwiches to keep it nice and moist. 4lbs of dry pastrami and corned beef isn't fun. Next problem, bad chopped liver. Huh, a deli with bad chopped liver (unheard of). The last time I had the chopped liver it was as bland as can be. No amount of salt seemed to save it either. I think someone had forgotten to add schmaltz (chicken fat) to it. The schmaltz is where all the flavor is, without it you have a dry tasteless chopped liver. And the final proof, bagels with breakfast don't come with cream cheese. They come with butter. If you want cream cheese it's $3 extra. $3 for a side of cream cheese. Now this side was huge, but you can only put so much cream cheese on a bagel, and I put a lot. You end up throwing lots of cream cheese away. In a real deli, bagels and cream cheese are more like one word. All bagels come with cream cheese. I've never heard of such a thing. The Carnegie also loses a star for their Mustard. Where is your deli mustard? How can it be that you are asking for brown deli mustard and they bring you grey poupon dijon. It's been a while, since I ate at the one in NY, but I've never been in any real deli, where they don't have a good brown "gulden's" style mustard. I mean that's all they have here, either yellow mustard or dijon. Are you kidding me? All these things are fixable, and they could be a 5 star deli if they want to be. They just need to go to deli school and brush up on the do's and don'ts. But since there are always a new batch of customers coming through the Mirage, they don't seem to care as much about the details.
5	You would have to go across the country to find a better New York Deli!  We were in search of the best hot dog and we were not dissappointed!  It was delicious and very reasonably priced.  Their sandwiches are meant to be shared - they are HUGE and delicious!  Cole slaw like my aunt used to make too.  The service was fairly quick and we got a seat right away - but it does get busy.  Where can you get a pastrami and egg sandwich if you don't have a Jewish mother?  Only here!  It was a great meal!
4	The sandwiches are GIGANTIC. Unfortunately I had just finished a burrito from Chipotle (yes the whole thing, I'm a growing woman) so I only had their soup special... but was still slobbering over everyone else's gigantic sandwiches. Next time....
5	Dude, we're in Vegas, right?? So what other time will I ever eat a full pound of cow tongue?Usually, decisions like this are almost immediately regrettable, but in this case, the amazing flavour - and the pickles - were well worth the money and the incapacitating fullness. This place is an absolute must.
4	These sandwiches are huge and gigantic and can fill a king.  I love the pastrami sandwich. It is nice and juicy and I love the pickles.The service is pretty good fast.  One thing I also like is the New York Cheesecake, it is $10 however, but it is a brick. There is a ton of stuff there.  Anyways if you can not get it in New York, you can get it right in Las Vegas.
4	Came in on a Friday afternoon for lunch,  around 3 PM.  Talk about a late lunch!  We just flew in and was starving!  I've been to the Carnegie in NY so I had high expectations.  It was only one of my buddies that had arrived, so we ordered 2 pastrami sandwiches and a side of fries.   But, out came only ONE pastrami sandwich!!!  Since it was huge, and the plate of fries was huge as well,  we decided to share it.  It filled us up for the time being,  but I can't believe they messed up our order.  I guess that's okay because we had a big steak dinner reservation planned for Cut later that night.   The sandwich was good, filled with massive amounts of pastrami.  I would rate Carnegie 2nd to Katz deli in NY.Overall good stuff.
4	Haters Galore.This place is pretty good.First of all - it gets bonus points for being a 24 hour deli.We had the matzoh ball soup, pastrami and potato latkes (pancakes).Ive ordered potato pancakes at many different places, on many occasions - this is the first place I've tasted that are good like the ones we make at home.The pastrami was good - and generous.  I've been to the Carnegie Deli in NYC and I don't think theres any real difference in quality between the two.To the people complaining about this place being "overpriced" - find a friend and split a sandwich.    Of course subway is cheaper - it should be - its jail food.  If you want an actual meal thats not trashy fast food - this place is probably the best value mid-strip.  I can't think of anywhere else midstrip that two people can have a lunch that tastes good sober for under $50 ?
4	Real Dill Pickles. REAL. They are amazing. Like, truly.The sandwiches are like a foot tall. I guess that is why they are $25.The food is average, in general. Although ... I feel like their french fries could single-handedly solve world peace. The service is not so good. I felt like an imposition the entire time I was there. Maybe it was because I looked like hell from the night before. But it's not like they shouldn't be used to that. It is Vegas, after all.
4	The only thing I had at Carnegie was the cheesecake. And WOW! It was damn good. The truffle torte cheesecake. Yes, it's pricey, but it's meant for sharing. I guess friendly service isn't their specialty. The old guy behind the counter wouldn't crack a smile or even look up to acknowledge us... until he took our money.
2	First let me say that I was raised on good Jewish deli, homemade matzoh balls, homemade gefilte fish etc. I think I'm a pretty good judge of good deli. I'd eaten here for breakfast before and was quite happy. I'd say my only complaint is the portion size. They are absolutely ridiculous! The guy at the table next to us ordered a side of bacon(jewish deli,bacon?) I guess when he ordered a side he didn't realize it meant the entire side of the pig. It had to have been a pound when uncooked. It's one thing to give huge portions in a neighborhood deli where you might be able to take home your leftovers, but in a hotel with no in room fridge it means throwing away a lot of food. I guess it is Vegas, everything in excess. We came for lunch and were seated by the hostess then waited. . . and waited. . . and waited. When the waitress came over it was only to tell us she'd be right with us, we waited some more. Finally she came and took our order. I ordered the Pastrami Reuben. It's my favorite deli sandwich. I was expecting a sandwich similar to the other 150 or so I've eaten over the years. I was expecting pastrami, Swiss and sauerkraut on grilled rye. That's not how they make a Reuben here. They layed three small pieces of untoasted, ungrilled rye on the plate. This was then covered by a mountain(at least 3/4 of a pound) of the driest pastrami I've ever eaten in my life. on top of this was placed a nearly undetectable layer of kraut. This was all topped by 4-5 slices of Swiss. The entire plate was then placed under a broiler for about 15 seconds. The cheese wasn't even half way melted. $25 for a Reuben and you charge another $4.50 for the smallest side of slaw I've ever been served. My daughters matzoh ball soup wasn't much better. It was a decent matzo ball floating with some strange noodles in tasteless yellow salt water. I'm guessing the yellow was food coloring as I doubt a chicken ever touched that broth. On to what I will generously call service. Once we saw our waitress, everything came out fairly quickly, except our slaw. This we had to ask for. People have commented on how great the pickles were. I can't comment since I never saw any. We never saw our waitress again until she came to ask if we wanted dessert. Since the sandwich that I split($3.00 up charge) was hardly touched on both our plates it may have been a clue that we didn't want anything else. She left the check. It was incorrect. When we finally were able to flag her down to correct we didn't even have to tell her what was wrong. She said "it's the two orders of slaw right?" So she knew it was wrong when she set it down. Was she hoping we wouldn't notice? Was she thinking extra money for the restaurant will mean a bigger tip for her? Would I ever eat here for lunch or dinner ever again, not a chance! Would I come back for breakfast? Maybe. By the way, it was only because of my past breakfast experience that this place got two stars. I sure hope the Carnegie Deli in New York is better because the Las Vegas location takes the prize as the worst Jewish deli I've ever eaten in. Shame on you.
3	Hoped to have a light bite to eat before the LOVE show, big mistake to eat at Carnegie's. The sandwich we decided to share was so big we had to put it on it's side. It stood 1 1/2 feet high. Filled with turkey,corned beef, swiss cheese and cole slaw. It was a triple decker on pumpernickel. Of course we ordered a side of fries and extra slaw. Left there stuffed, and ready to sit through a Cirque show. All the food in Vegas is giant sized it seems, or we just have a tendency to eat big in Vegas. We found the service to be good.
3	I would give the food one star, but I have to up it to 3 stars purely for comedic reasons.  So, we came here at like 2am one night this last weekend and proceeded to order some odd items.  Little did we know that they would take our odd orders and come right back and make it a millions times odder!  I don't think I've laughed this much during a meal in a LONG time. I LIKE!So, I had just eaten "dinner" a couple hours earlier, so I went for something light.  Cereal seemed like a safe choice.  They had some terrible choices (Cheerios, Cornflakes, Frosted Flakes, Raisin Bran, not good options!), and I figured cornflakes was probably the least offending out of all of those choices.  My other friends ordered toast and blintzes.  So, already it's like, yeah, that's some terrible and odd food choices we made right there.Anyway.  We order, and then begins the oddness.First up, the pickles.  We're sitting there, being silly animals as usual, and then the waitress comes by with 6 large pickles and just plops them on our table.  . . .I like pickles too, but something about seeing nothing on the table but pickles made the situation really funny.  We started laughing.And then it never stopped because here comes more:Our food comes.  They give me my cereal on a PLATE with the milk in some sort of large half-and-half pitcher.  Um. . .I flag down the waitress and ask her for a deeper bowl.  She says they don't have any bowls.  (WTF?!?!)  Er....so I'm supposed to eat my cereal off a plate??  She says she can give me another plate, and I'm like, um okay I'll take it because they gave me way too much cereal on that first plate.  I figured I could scoop some onto another plate for easier eating.  So, yes.  A giant plate with overflowing cereal, and milk sitting in the middle of all that cereal in a half-and-half pitcher.  With a side of pickles.WEIRD!Oh, and then we turn around and see that the guy behind us had this HUGE pastrami-looking sandwich that looked about a foot-tall.  We had to go and take pictures of that thing because it was truly monstrous.  He was a grown man, and he looked scared of it too.  My friend noted that "even when he was finished with the sandwich, it was still 3896 feet tall!"  AWESOME.We went through our meal, laughing and shaking our heads.  By the end, the pickles were untouched, so I decided to give it a try.  I learned that pickles, dipped in apple sauce and sour cream (from the blintzes), are quite delicious!  Odd combination, but better than straightup sour!All in all, one of the strangest meals I've never had, yet also one of the most fun and satisfying of my life too!  Thank you, Mirage, for your odd eateries.  I approve!
3	MASSIVE sandwich. good enough for two ppl or 3 ppl if you are really light eaters. Got the $18 Woody Allen's sandwich - loaded w/ tons of pastrami and corned beef. Though it was huge, the taste was just okay. Both the pastrami and corned beef were thinly sliced and was a bit on the dry end. The pastrami tasted like hot dog. Service was fast but that's because we requested for it since we had a show to catch in 30min.i, personally, still prefer Langer's juicy thick cut pastrami at Los Angeles, CA.
2	Ridiculously overpriced. $9 for a slice of cheesecake. It was good, but I've had better. Too bad the Stage isn't around anymore.
3	Huge, huge, HUGE sandwiches that beg to be split. That is why they charge a $3 sharing fee. No problem. The service was a bit slow, so we never got refills on our beverages, but from what I could tell, our waiter had at least 12 tables in the cramped and bustling recreation of a NY institution. The pastrami was a little dry- I should have gone with my gut and gotten the open-faced melt with cheese, because the crusty mustard pot on the table scared me. By the time I ate here, I was done with casino atmosphere, noise, and prices. But this was worth the trek from Mandalay Bay to the Mirage, and splitting a sammy and plate of fries plus 2 iced teas was easy on the budget; a good lunch option on the Strip.
4	I had alway's heard about this place on the Food Network but for some reason I never knew there was one in Las Vegas.  I only found it because my fiancee and I were going to watch Beatles Love at the Mirage and that's when I saw it.  We were seated right away and after a lengthy look at the menu my fiancee decided on the chicken soup with noodles and I finally decided on getting the Woody Allen.  The waiter warned me that it was a very big sandwich and just wanted to make sure I knew what I was getting myself into. The soup was brought out and in the bowl was some noodles and the chicken soup in a little pitcher.  They pour the soup onto the noodles in front of you.  She loved the soup but I thought it was kind of bland.The sandwich finally arrived and OMG this thing is freaking huge.  If you love corned beef and pastrami you will love this sandwich.  One thing's for sure, they give you plenty of meat.  Spread on some of their homemade mustard and take an occasional bite of their homemade pickles and everything just seems to meld with each other.  I only ate half the sandwich and I took the rest home.  The waiter was nice enough to give me a little container to take some of the homemade mustard home so I packed the meat, mustard and a few pickles and used my own bread at home to make another sandwich and it was just as good.Definitely have to go back there the next time I'm in Vegas again.  Their desserts looked really good too.
3	Best pastrami sandwich i have ever had. Also the most expensive! Great atmosphere if you wanna take a break from gambling or need to fill the ol' gut before a night of drinking. A friend of mine who is a lover of jewish food also said their matzo ball soup was the best he has ever had at a restaurant.
3	I can't really give an in-depth review of this place because I only ordered a turkey sandwich to-go from here.  But man, that was a huge turkey sandwich!  Followed by mass sleepiness.  Carnegie is very well known for its huge sandwiches, which is why I bothered to order a sandwich from here.  The place is open late so if you have that late night craving for some meat and you're at or near  the Mirage, this is the spot.  Though I am a loyalist to Canter's next door at TI.  Maybe next time I go to Vegas I'll try one of their specialty sandwiches and see it I can add another star.
3	Excellent late night sandwich joint-- the basics are all respected here, and while they don't blow away the deli's of New York, this is an excellent place to get your nosh on.  Massive meals... The deserts are very good, and this is such a steal if you take your food to go and cram it in your hotel fridge.   Very polite service. I haven't tried them all, but I've been to over 10 vegas deli's...this by far kicks it the best. The Reuben is delicious, you'll really have to look to find it on the menu, what's delivered I won't crush with spoilers, but you're in for something. Recommended.In the Mirage, and open 24 hours during weekends.  Excellent, if pricey, breakfast option (bagels, lox and some eggs anyone?) NOT for light eaters.
2	Stopped by here on our way to Cirque Du Soleil and ordered some latkes. They were OK, not exactly what I was expecting. Since when are latkes deep fried? I guess maybe I don't know what one is (since I always pan fry my latkes/potato pancakes, that's just how I roll). They weren't super greasy or anything, just not that great. Good with applesauce and decent with sour cream. This place is also a bit expensive. $12 for a plate of 3 latkes? Granted they were huge, but STILL, it's potatoes, a few onion bits & oil... How expensive can it really be? Ugh. Also, others at my table had food items that were way more costly than they should have been. Anyway, I don't really recommend this place. With all the other food options in Vegas, you can do WAY better for a cheaper price possibly.
2	I actually did not enjoy anything about the food that we got from here.The fact that regardless of the place, regardless of the 14 oz of meant, $14.95 for a roast beef sandwich is BEYOND ridiculous.And what does it come with? Meat and bread.BUT WAIT! Thats not all!For only $1.50 extra, you can get a slice of cheese.And for $1 extra, you can have lettuce and tomato....wtf?I LOVE roast beef sandwiches. Absolutely love them. I was not aware it was possible to make a bad roast beef sandwich.This was definitely the WORST sandwich I have ever had, in any variety.First of all, the roast beef did not taste like anything. It was bizarre. It tasted like water.And the issue with Vegas is the concept of less is more is OUT THE WINDOW.We had to completely de-construct the sandwich before we could even take a bite. There was nearly a pound of roast beef ROLLED into a huge roll and slapped on these squirrely pieces of bread. Not to mention there was a half a pound of iceberg lettuce and white onion. What DELI doesnt offer red onion??It was such a disappointment. Especially since the bf had really wanted a pastrami sandwich, which is also never bad, which I vetoed because I had a queasy belly and wanted something with a little less flavor. NOT SOMETHING WITH NO FLAVOR.It was just an absolute failure. Depression and a failure. ):
4	The food is generous. Most people ordered omlettes here. The bacon is excellent. The service staff were excellent.
2	Located inside the Mirage, Carnegie Delicatessen is a "New York" style deli serving casual food. I came here twice during my stay in Vegas, once for Breakfast and another time for lunch and both times, I did leave full, but disappointed. It has the Carnegie Delicatessen has the "NY" feel to it and located almost in the middle of the casino. Open 24hours they offer a good selection of breakfast, lunch, and dinner options. Prices here at Carnegie Delicatessen are on the high side. Basic breakfast items such as omelets, pancakes, and such, starting around $8 and goes as high as $20. Sides here will run you around $4 - $5. For lunch they offer a good selection of hot and cold sandwiches and things like chicken livers, hash, meatloaf, etc starting around $12 - $24. Pretty spendy for the type of food you get that usually runs about at half the price. For breakfast, just needed something to fill the stomach and got a basic bagel and cream cheese. The bagel, well for a "NY" deli, tasted something I could get at Costco. Honestly, nothing special. Everyone else got eggs and one guy got a burger and fries at 6AM and they ate it because after a night of drinking, what else are you going to do. The waitress at this time was a bit bitchy, but not sure if it was us or she was just in a foul mood. Also the service was slow and she forgot my friend's fries. When I came here for lunch with my brother, service here was nonexistent. They had plenty of servers, at one point I think I counted about 4 or 5 of them gathered just chatting away in a corner while several of us were waiting to get served and several tables had dirty dishes on them. Brother was suffering from a hangover and decided to get the mozaball soup and I got the hot dog and some fries. When we got our food, I have to give them credit for their portion size. My brother got a big bowl of soup and I got literally a foot long hot dog and a plate of fries piled up high. My brother didn't like his soup at all and this even suffering from a massive hangover when anything tastes good. My hot dog was decent though the homemade sauerkraut was excellent. It was probably a notch better than a hotdog you would be able to get at Costco as it was a bit spicy which I liked. The fries were ok. Nothing special to report about. The waitress on the other hand, was more interested in talking to her fellow servers than say, bring us a bill. My brother and I waited about 15 minutes before we flagged down someone else to bring us our bill and that took an additional 10 minutes as 2 other tables in our same area requested the same thing. As to rating, honestly the food is just average but its WAY overpriced. The service here is just plain lousy both times I came here. There are SO MANY other options here, that Carnegie Delicatessen is a waste of time and unless you're coming here at 3AM and no other place is open, I would highly advise people to skip out. They got good portions, but that's about it, 2 stars for Carnegie Delicatessen.
3	I ate 4 pickles. I'm not going to get into another trip down memory lane regarding Frank's Deli (RIP) but I did have some moments while I was here. We decided to split a Reuben which came open faced, so we requested additional slices of rye.  The bread was so fresh, soft and delicious.  In the end, we formed 2 enormous sandwiches. I'm pretty surprised I didn't have a heart attack at the table. The amount of meat was insane and there were probably 4 slices of Swiss cheese melted on top. No one person could eat that whole thing, right? Overall, the sandwich was good but the meat was fattier than I like. That didn't stop me from eating almost all of my half though. With 4 pickles.
2	Meh.  Very expensive, no options whatsoever for something small and less than $15, and the grilled cheese my friend ordered was beyond greasy.  I know by nature a grilled cheese will be somewhat greasy because you butter the bread to get it nice and crispy, but this was literally puddling grease on the plate.  Nothing here is light.  I did enjoy the plate of pickles.  The service was a bit surly, maybe because it was around midnight and not very crowded.This place draws a huge breakfast crowd so maybe the breakfast is better.  But, the wait always looks so long that I just don't see myself returning here.
3	I returned and tried the liverwurst on white bread again.TOO MUCH LIVERWURST.Sigh.I feel bad wasting so much.  I wish they had half portions available.
4	I'll come to your rescue Carnegie Deli!! I just at there this weekend for lunch, and i must say my "Woody Allen" half corned Beef half Pastrami was amazing! I added swiss cheese to the mix and yea, it was bigger then my head! Throw on some spicy brown mustard and im in heaven! Im good off the ridiculously salty Pickles even though my friends seemed to enjoy them, but that sandwich rocked! I had never not been able to finish a sammy and i tapped out after half. I will be coming back soon, well...maybe...i live in san jose. hahaha.
2	2.5 starsI was not impressed with breakfast here as it was quite average.. We weren't happy with the service either.. they were less professional than other restaurants/people we came acrossWe ordered french toast, one corned beef omelette, and two pastrami omelettes.I didn't even finish my omelette because there wasn't really anything special to it! No vegetables whatsoever.. I would have thought they woulda made it fancy somehow
4	Based on others review, I guess I must have been here on a good day.  While in Vegas, I was fortunate to eat here a few times.   Of course I had to experience their Corned Beef on Rye.  Yes, the sandwich was extremely expensive, but it was HUGE and I thought it was delicious.  I also really enjoyed their mustard and pickles.Even though Carnegie is a deli typically specializing in deli meats, they actually had one of the best hamburgers I had in years.   The burger was not only moist and juicy but it had exceptionally good flavor.  Believe me, I was surprised such a burger can come out of a deli.  Their french fries were delicious as well.  Yes, everything pretty much comes ala carte but their french fries were tasty.Lastly we ordered some dessert, yes their NY cheesecake is something you don't want to miss (especially if you love cheesecake).  But the surprise was their silk chocolate cake.  It was better than I had expected and was a fine conclusion to a meal.Carnegie may be a NY deli cliche but they really do have some delicious selections and an exceptional burger.  If you come to LV and have a craving for deli meats, this is the place I would go.Decor: 3 Stars (decorated like a deli)Service: 3 Stars (okay service)Atmosphere: 3 Stars (not bad)Food Quality: 5 Stars (really great)Quantity of Food: 5 Stars (how can anyone finish their portions?)Price: 4 Stars (almost worth the high price)For a Grand Total of 4 Stars.
3	Updating and upgrading to a three-star, A-OK rating because I did have to eat here again as I had no other breakfast options.  I got a bacon and egg sandwich on wheat with cheddar from the takeout area and it was very tasty.  It came out in about five minutes, was super hot, had lots of bacon scrambled in with the eggs (and cheese) and was really big.  And, the man working the takeout counter was downright pleasant.  So, I would now return here but I would stick to takeout and maybe stick to an egg sandwich.
3	Everything is HUGE. My friend got a slice of the Strawberry Cheesecake and I swear it was the size of my FACE. It was pretty good, very rich. It has a good texture but an odd aftertaste. I can't see myself getting anything from here myself though. It's too big.
3	Had my first ever Pierogi at the Carnegie Deli tonight.Basically it is a boiled dumpling filled with mashed potatoes and cheese, wrapped in a slightly chewy dough.  They served with sour cream on the side.  My favorite part was the skin (chewy dough).Since I was a Pierogi virgin, I couldn't tell if this was authentic or not.  In general, it is hard to go wrong with cheese and potatoes...
5	The Pierogi's and Knish along with the hot Pastrami on Rye where unbelievably awesome.  Egg creme and cheesecake all made me feel like back east.  It's a little on the pricy side as most places on the strip but well worth the extra $.
1	Utter crap.Now I don't mind shelling out the bucks when the food's good and the service is rockin', but Carnegie Deli had neither going on that night.  The waitress declined to state that adding cheese to a sandwich was an extra $1.50 and lettuce & tomato was an extra $1.00.  She also somehow heard "turkey sandwich" when I unmistakeably said corned beef.  The restaurant was *not busy* and there were tons of waiters working, but we never got our pickles even though other tables around us did, so I finally had to ask for them.  I don't know what was going on that night, but a bunch of the waiters appeared to be getting into an argument right by our table.And then I got to watch my corned beef sandwich go cold on the service counter for 10 whole minutes until the waitress finally brought it over.  Because I'd added cheese and lettuce and was splitting with a friend, my tepid sandwich ended up costing over $20.  BEFORE TIP.  I hope this restaurant burns down!!!!Also, I had a bite of my friend's cheesecake.  It was thick and heavy as a brick and the crust tasted like chalk.How much more clear can I be than to say DON'T EAT HERE!
5	As I mentioned in a previous review, Carnegie Deli is my all-time favorite for hot pastrami.  I've had the others and in New York City, Carnegie reigns supreme...in my book, it is the holy grail of hot pastrami, almost a religious experience every time I dine there.  I love the hot pastrami on rye there (the only thing to order other than cheesecake) so much that I have been known to cab it there to have some while en route to a really fancy and expensive business dinner.  Yes, I love it that much.  Can you say revered?I have been wanting to try the Vegas outlet of Carnegie Deli in the Mirage ever since it opened, but for the last three trips, I somehow just never made it there.  This time I was determined and was there for lunch within an hour of my arrival.  I ordered the hot pastrami (with pickles and mustard on the side) and it was everything I had hoped for.  The sandwich was crazy tall and huge...you could barely get your mouth around it as it was so big.  The pastrami was so incredibly flavorful and juicy, just like at the Carnegie in New York City.  The sandwich was $15.95, but I was in total heaven.  It is exactly like that at the original location, the only difference being that it seemed just a touch spicier at the Vegas location which was just fine with me.  The service was great too.  Struck up a conversation with an elderly couple next to me who did not know what to order and they ended up having the same thing and loved it.  The people at the other table noticed that they ordered it and started telling us how much they loved the hot pastrami here.  It was a recurring theme throughout the meal and it was as though we were all on a pilgrimage for hot pastrami sandwiches.  Believe it or not, I ate the whole thing and was full for hours.  I actually had to postpone dinner and even then made it a super light one because of my sandwich at Carnegie.  When I finished eating, I remember saying to myself that I could die happy right now. That is one heckuva sandwich!
3	After eating at the Canter's Deli in Hollywood, CA. I decided to eat at Carnegie Deli thinking it would be the same.  Since it was Vegas, the prices were very high.  I paid $25 for my Corned Beef Reuben.  Plus, this wasn't even a sandwich.  It was 2 peices of Rye laying on the plate with literally 5 pounds of Corned Beef, and 1/2 ound of swiss.  I had to eat it with a fork.  I had a about 6 bites of it and I was done.  It took us about 30 minutes to get a table, then about 15 minutes to get the drinks, then another 10 to order our meal, and another 30 minutes to receive the food.  I was so pissed.  I'm not going to even get into how long it took to get the bill, ask questions about it, then finally get change.  BTW, i didnt even get the check from the original waitress.So, I decided to get a box to bring the food with me because i could not through it out.  I put it in a bag, and I ended up carrying it around with me all over Las Vegas because i still had to get a hotel room for the night.  Pretty bad experience.  Overall, service SUCKS.  Portions are WAY to big.  The Potato Knish was the best thing i ever had and is the only reason i gave this place 3 stars.
1	Total Shit Hole.  I dined here alone on my way to the airport.  I received the worst service ever!  Im not too sure what this bitches problem was.  i was seated by the hostess.  I sat there for at least 15 minutes before I went back up to her to let it be known I hadnt received service yet.  She was very apologetic.  So, here comes the Wicked Bitch of the West.  Comes over to my table and just stands there with her pen poised  (but doesnt say a word) - I order.  I tell her in addition to my scrambled eggs and toast I would also like an iced tea.  Her response "I dont get the drinks"  ok this is just WrOnG!  She sends some dude over to take my drink order - like she couldnt have just said hey get her an iced tea. So, here comes the food.  She brings my food out at the same time as the table next to me.  She starts handing out the food to both tables at the same time.  this bothered me.  she passes my eggs to me in front of the mans face next to me. gross.Then she argues with me that I ordered Wheat Toast when I in fact ordered White.  Ya know what I'm not even gonna tell you the rest.This place sucks and thats that!Goose Egg Bitch!!!!!
5	Five stars for a the outrageously yummy, and fairly priced, latkes. They were like, the best latkes I have ever had. The boyfriend had the hot pastrami sandwich. He somehow managed to eat the whole thing. Our service was great, and honestly, where do all you price complainers eat? McDonalds? Because you are paying for a giant pile of real meat. The prices aren't that bad.  Also, our service was really great. But what really made our experience fun was just the people around us. It was a hilarious atmosphere after everyone got those gargantuan sandwiches and just looked at them, boggled.
3	Not as good as the New York Original, but OK for a foodie in need while in Las Vegas. I was sicker than a dog with a chest cold this past Spring Break, and my husband and I braved the line at the Carnegie so I could get some Matzo Ball Soup. My husband had his usual of the mile high Pastrami Sandwich, and I ingested two bowls of Matzo Ball Soup. Yes, two bowls... When you are that sick, the thought of eating on previous days was not appealing. All it took was that golden bowl of broth and Matzo to make me feel a little bit better for the day. The food was great as per usual at Carnegie. However, being in a smokey casino kind of sucked. The servers are also really rude but they had lines wrapped around the place. So I guess they were just worn out and short with people as per usual.
4	Very tasty sandwiches. We had the chicken salad and that very tall corned beef/pastrami. Also had very tasty fries and we all liked the knish, Ask for pickles, they were free.
4	I like Deli's....I really like Deli's when they're connected to where you're staying while in Vegas.  This, was one of those places.  It was open 24 hours so we could feast whenever our little hearts desired...and we desired A LOT, trust me.  Nothing like a good ol' Deli to make the good times roll through the night and day.  Try one of their famous OBESE sandwiches...you'll know it when you see the picture of it.  It's the size of my stomach, nobody could possibly fit that whole things into their mouths....oh wait....that just happened.
4	I have not been to any other locations of the Carnegie Deli but I have to say that I enjoyed myself at the location inside the Mirage Hotel.  I had an awesome turkey burger here with my family after watching LOVE.  There was NO waiting time involved as far as a seating was concerned. The only thing that sort of bugged me was that there was no restroom closer to the restaurant than the one nearest the LOVE box office. The menu is huge and the portions are a bit more than "substantial".  I had thought about ordering fries but I thought that would just be too much. What a glutton I was already! HA! My Uncle had the pastrami omelette, my aunt had soup and my mother had a pastrami sandwich. It was amazing. The service was just OK.  It was a bit over priced but it was a fun time. It was vegas so I guess that's why it didn't seem to bother us. I'd return for a 2nd visit. That would be fun...let's hope I get a more attentive server next time. Other than that, good stuff!!
1	We ended up here when BLT Burger was closed (which is not a bad burger). I ordered a Woody Allen.  It was disgusting.  Just a huge pile of meat on some stale Rye bread which probably came off the day old rack at the local supermarket (not good bread at all)  The meat was OK, good flavor but dry and the sandwich concept must have escaped them.  Much better deli in Montreal.Others ordered a BLT to share.  Again, you can't eat it like a sandwich.  They left most of it on the plate.  Who wants to individually chew on some iceberg lettuce, turkey, bacon, and dry bread for 20 bucks.  The reason a BLT works is those go good together.  A giant stack of a sandwich where you have to eat the mediocre ingredients individually? Jen had soup which could have come from a can.  Why did we come here again?  Oh yeah, plan B.
2	about 10 of us rolled in and placed our orders to go. i ordered the carnegie burger which came out pretty fast. my friend, who ordered after me asked for sauteed onions had to wait much longer. we had all received our orders and his was still unseen. when we asked the manager behind the counter, he gave us a snicker with a side of attitude about how he was working it out.customer service. ZERO.the burger itself was nothing notable. two stars.
5	I'll rate a 5***** just because this place deserves a much higher rating overall ,the food Is so good here, pastrami is as good as you can get! Deserts out of this world! You should try it for your self Huge portions be prepared to share with somebody $3 extra plate charge a fair price I can eat and I couldn't finish my 1/2 Ruben they are that big! We also got fries to share and we couldn't even put a dent into those they too were good but I'd pass on them next time no need for sides with Sandwiches this big don't let the lower rating scare you away ,I'm hard on places that don't stand up to the hype and hate to just give out 5 star but this place earned it !
4	Nobody does Corned Beef and Pastrami like the Carnegie does Corned Beef and Pastrami.This is a pretty darned close close to the Original on 7th Avenue.There's Kosher Salamis hanging over the deli counter, drying to savory goodness.  The dessert case is drool-inducing.  It's even got the same black and white checkered tile floor as the original.The old standby, the Woody Allen, ($17.95) stands higher than 6 inches, absolutely STUFFED with Corned Beef and Pastrami.  It's easily a sharer.  (There is a sharing charge, but if that bothers you, get it to go and eat it back in your hotel room.)The Corned Beef is delectably packed with flavor and just fatty enough, and the spice of the Pastrami cuts through the richness.The service here is not as rushed as in NYC, nor are the tables quite as closely packed (But they are tight.)The cheesecake is as imposingly large as it is delicious.  I stick with the Fresh Strawberry.I gotta say:  The pickles are better in NYC.  But being that this is 2000 miles away, and in the middle of a desert, I'd say the Carnegie @ Mirage does a fine job of living up to its' reputation.
5	This place is not cheap. That being said, it is not expensive either. How you ask? Because of the ludicrously ridiculously, absurdly, monstrous "portion" of food you receive when ordering. Luckily for me, I brought my appetite. And to the amazement of the entire staff, and my neighbors, I finished my entire HUGE portion of french toast (see three slices of at least one inch thick bread Texas toast style), two eggs over easy, the equivalent to a half POUND of bacon and a large OJ. The sandwiches here are piled sooooooooo high, that instead of toothpicks, they use METAL BARBECUE PIT SKEWERS!!!! Redonkulous! Obviously many of the diners here did not know what to expect. When the food comes out, the looks on their faces are priceless!!!! Go, bring your appetite.
2	Sandwiches are CRAZY huge, which would be great if you have a fridge handy for leftovers.I ordered the Woody Allen, a 2 lb. pastrami and corned beef monster. I ended up eating about a 1/4 of the entire sandwich: made it through the corned beef on one HALF of  the sandwich, and couldn't eat any more. I didn't mind paying $20 for a sandwich-- you can't be too frugal on the strip -- but wasting all that food was just a shame. You can split sandwiches for a $3.50 plate fee, but the fact that they don't have anything smaller than 1lb. of meat on a sandwich just doesn't make sense. What I did have was delicious, and service for us was decent, but out of control portion sizes mean I won't be coming back.
4	YIKES!!! Watch out for the bigger than your head sandwiches they serve here. We're talking massive mounds of meat between rye bread. Hot tip: Save your money and split everything from the sandwiches to the dessert to the fries. You'll still leave here full and your wallet will as well.
3	Not as good as NYC- but pretty close. This is the best that I found in Las Vegas for Deli food. The variety at Carnegie makes Canters at T.I. look totally pathetic. The Service is also good, despite a line around the restaurant extending into the Casino for Brunch. If you haven't been to a Carnegie Before, get the Woody Allen. You can't go wrong.
2	For the price, it wasn't worth it.Yes the servings are massive, but the sandwich doesn't include anything but the meat on bread.I ordered the corned beef, and had to pay $3 for a small serving of coleslaw and $1.50 for Russian dressing, so that there was something on the sandwich.There were a lot of fatty pieces in the sandwich also, not very appetizing.PLUS, my husband ended up getting sick from his lunch, since his brisket was very greasy.
2	Maes, Norms, Denny's, Alertos... these are true 24 hour joints.This deli was a huge rip off. While it was the closest place open to us at that hour of night (3am at the Mirage) it was still not a deal. Everything on the menu was double digits! I guess this place is ideal for rich or loaded people.For the three of us, we ordered a pastrami/corned beef sandwich which was definitely good (I think a lot of it had to do w/ the fact that I've never tried a sandwich like that). They charged us 3 bucks for sharing the food, talk about a rip. I didn't have anyone to share with, so I ended up sharing with my other two friends... sigh. I think I'll save the money and get like five 5-dollar footlongs next time.P.S. The spicy yellow sauce in the squeeze bottle was good at least.
4	Just wanted to write an update since I had the chance to eat here last night.  Let me start by saying that the food at this Deli is unmatched in Vegas.  The portions are gigantic and the flavor and freshness is unsurpassable.  I would love to give this place five stars, because the food is five star food. Alas, the two major complaints about the restaurant cannot go unnoticed.  The service is very uptight and rude to not allow substitutions and to charge for every little extra ($3 to share a plate).  I'm a huge portion eater but for those that don't eat a lot a one sitting you basically have to share one sandwich and it just seems like an easy way to make a $25 sandwich a $30 sandwich quickly. If you can stand the extra money I urge you to give them a shot, and this review is coming from someone who luckily is best friends with a former employee and has always been treated above and beyond at Carnegie... so, I try to be as unbiased as possible.
3	Meh....I could have lived without having to experiencing this place. Food was alright and the service wasn't the greatest.  (And not in the New York kind of way...just not available)  I could have spent $20 on breakfast somewhere else.
4	Huge portions, you always get really good pickles, which as far as I can taste must be home made or at least made the real live bacteria way. Prepare to bring 2/3 with you home. Service is satisfactory, but not over the top and I've had to stand in line every time I visit (three times until now).
2	Not what I was expecting.  When I get drunk I can eat....and I mean eat.  Now when you mix my high metabolism with a day of vegas walking and drinking I could probably start my own Man Vs. Food show....the drunk version.I stumbled into this place on my poor wife's shoulder the night we got there.  I say poor wife because I have a good 90 pounds on her.  The whole experience was fuzzy....but my wife did mention I was speaking Spanish with the guy taking orders...When I start ordering food in Spanish and talking conversations, I know i'm hammered.Apart from the long wait, we ordered the woody. A very large, bland, dry sandwich consisting of roast beer and pastrami.  Between the both of us we ate HALF.  Not because it was so big or anything, but because we couldn't bare to eat the other half.  In fact! Housekeeping didn't even pick it up for 2 days.  Apparently they knew something about that sandwich we didn't. Seriously over priced sandwich that's weak sauce...
5	I hate delis.... but Carnegie deli had the MOST amazing pastrami sandwich in the world. Like WHAT THE HECK? How do you even make a pastrami sandwich like that? It's a little pricey, but if you're in Vegas you HAVE to order this sandwich. I wouldn't get ANYTHING else on the menu! Especially that pastrami sandwich with egg or whatever that crap is. The original pastrami sandwich is again the ONLY thing you should be ordering from this place. That and extra pickles! This place was just SOOOO delicious because of that one sandwich. Again! Don't order ANYTHING else! I recommend eating half the sandwich and then taking the other half to go so that you can eat it after your drunk!And to all you dumbies who didn't give this place 4-5 stars... YOU ARE RETARDED! You didn't order what this place is famous for! That's why I can't emphasize enough just get the original pastrami sandwich. DON'T BE A CHEAPO and think you can order a sandwich with pastrami and something else just because it's a couple bucks cheaper. You're already in Vegas! Splurge a little and get the real deal!
4	We got into Vegas late and we wanted something quick. We saw Carnegie's and decided to bite. I got the pastrami sandwich my wife got the chicken soup. We got back to the room, unwrapped everything and wow.. We ended up splitting it because the sandwich had, i swear, 4lbs of meat on it!In short, Carnegie in the Mirage is the bomb.. Headed there for breakfast now!
1	No. No. No. This place is about as far away from the real thing as Las Vegas is from NYC.
1	Don't even bother. You will be paying $20 for an absurd amount of deli meat and bread. Tastes average. I have been to the original Carnegie deli in NYC and the only difference is you don't have an entire wall full of autographed celebrity pictures. Both places suck, I'm sorry I ever went to either.
4	Great big sandwiches just like the original in New York. The waitresses also exude that abrasive type attitude that you'd expect from a deli in New York. I thought it was great anyway. This place is also open 24 hours also which makes it nice for a late night snack. Oh and the cheesecake is pretty darn good too.
5	As good as the one in new York.  $20 for a snadwich that you can eat for three meals at least!  Best deli around.Inside the mirage hotel
3	The "woody Allen" is A monster of a sandwich with 2 thin slices of bread and 5 inches of meat. There us no way you can eat this with your bare hands without meat falling. I wouldn't say the meat was extremely amazing. The waiter said the sandwich is the one most people order. I assume it's because people have an inner desire to consume the monstrous sandwich. I wasn't able to finish half without feeling overwhelmed with the mountain of meat I had before me.Even though the sandwich was ok, the mustard sauce that came with it was amazing. It really added the kick I wanted. It made the sandwich that much better. I had to chow down on some of the meat first to make the meal enjoyable. Make sure to use the wrapper to eat it. Don't bother trying to pick up the sandwich as is. It will fall apart on you, guarantee.
1	These sandwiches scare me.....
4	PICKLES!!!!!!!!!!!what? I got excited when I saw the GINORMOUS pickle placed in front of me. I would expect that kind of thing at a country fair, but shoot I'm not complaining, bring it on :)Busy as any other diner would be, plus any place in Vegas, so put those things together and you get Carnegie. HUGE portions, tons of meat to make any man weaker in the knees than Kim Kardashian could.I couldn't take all that carnivorous goodness so I opted for french toast that was bigger than my head. Coffee was good too, not watery but not blessed by the coffee bean gods either.Another sight to see in Vegas
5	I never thought i could spend 20 dollars for a sandwhich and be ok with it. I was. It was worth every penny. The club is to die for; the pastrami is D-licious. The serivce wasn't bad, but it did leave a little to be desired. The food was so good i didn't care. I've never been to the main one in New York, but if this little chain in the Mirage is this good, I might just make a trip.
5	This deli located in the Mirage is a great place for lunch.  The portions are huge for practically everything on the menu, so be prepared to share (or take the leftovers with you) unless you have a huge appetite.  The sandwiches are amazing with my favorite being the Reuben or corn beef.  The Nova Salmon platter with bagels and creme cheese are also one of my favorites.  I'm not a huge dessert person, but their desserts look spectacular (also huge).  They also make great breakfast food.  This is one of those places where everything on the menu is delicious.  The service is also excellent.  Don't miss the half and full sour dill pickles they bring before the meal (you may have to ask, but they are free).  This place deserves every one of the 5 stars I am giving it.  Oh yeah, and they do accept American Express now.
4	Matzo ball soup and pastrami on rye combo.  Simply awesome.  I was at a convention in town by myself so I had a lot of time on my iPhone and looking at the environs.  Weird architecture and design (like purple jacks on the ceiling), but the food was classic Jewish Deli and I enjoyed it.  Reminiscent of Fairfax District in LA, Farmer's Market, good times....
3	The portion of food here were huge. You need 2 people to eat one dish and we got a lot of food. I would not of tried this place if the other restaurant would let a toddler in the fine dining so we settle for this place.
1	Ok so one of our entourage in our bachelor party said this place is the bomb..whatevers! I'm here right now and the waitress doesn't remember who ordered what! Have to ask them for more water! Top it off we waited 40 mins to get seated and another 40 mins for our orders! We should just have went to Denny's better tasting food and probably better service!
4	We had an early flight, so upon waiting for check-in at the Mirage, we stopped here for some breakfast.  If you like Pastrami, definitely give this place a try...their sandwich is like a mile high...SERIOUSLY!!! They'll also give you extra bread to break down the meat...and their homemade dill pickles are the perfect complement to the pastrami.The prices were a little all over the place.  I ordered a hot open-faced roast beef sandwich, which was like $20!!! while the mile-high pastrami, as well as many other sandwich faves, ran about $14. My fiance ordered a cheeseburger, and that looked kinda crappy...while the corned beef and the pastrami omelettes were pretty tasty (try adding mushrooms and cheese...yum).  Their dessert display was eye-catching...the cheescakes were GINORMOUS!!! Way more than a foot in diameter, all flushed with strawberries...yummy.If you're living the Vegas life, and dont have the patience to sit and eat, they also do take out.  A couple of times, I just woke-up, went downstairs, ordered an omelette, and took it back upstairs to share with my fiance.  They're pretty fast too...I placed my order, went next door to Starbucks, and when I came back, it was pretty much read-to-go!Definitely a  good place to try for breakfast or lunch!
3	Like my friends Dennis T and Smitcha B said before... This place is just alright. It's open and it's food. The problem I have with this place is that the portions are HUGE. They are meant for giants from Harry Potter. I think Hagrid would go to town on this shit. When i'm in Vegas, the liquid diet commences and I can't eat much. When i say liquid diet, i mean i'm drinking a lot of booze. I dont' mean i'm starving myself to shrivel up like a supermodel. C'mon now, I love food!Anyway the portions are HUGE. Even if you try to order a regular sandwich like I did, the amount of meat they give you in the sandwich is at least 4 inches thick. I honestly cannot eat THAT much pastrami. People who order the triple deckers are nuts. Has the guy from Man VS Food come here yet!?!? It's disgusting.Anyway.. the quality of the pastrami itself is sufficient. I ate about half the meat in my sandwich but I found myself dipping it into a lot of ketchup and deli mustard.I came back for breakfast because this was the only place close that wasn't a buffet. I had the 3 eggs [scrambled]w/ bacon from the breakfast menu. I think the eggs they were steroided out eggs or something because it DID NOT look like 3 eggs. It eggs took up more than half my plate and looked like at least 6 eggs. INSANE.The pickles however, would be enough for Snooki from Jersey Shore to cream her panties.
3	The pastrami isn't that great, and neither is the corned beef. The only good thing is that they pile it up high. Other than that, this place is nothing special. It's great if you're staying in the Mirage, or if you're hungry in the middle of the night, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
4	Outstanding deli food. Two of us shared a sandwich (corned beef, Turkey, Cole slaw and Russian dressing on pumpernickel) and neither of us could finish half. There is a $3.00 charge for sharing. The BLT must come with a pound of Bacon and the side of fries was enough for 4 people. Come hungry!
4	HUGEEEEEE pastrami sandwich. Honestly, America, this is why your fat. I shared this is a guy and we still had leftover. I had to take out about half the meat in my half and take it to-go. They're super nice though, gave me extra bread so I could make a whole new sandwich with my leftovers.It was pretty good, not something I would be dying to eat when in Vegas but definitely glad I got to take a picture with it,..haha
4	This place cured my hangover, so 4 stars for that alone.  Here was the magical cure:  pastrami on rye, root beer, cheesecake.  I was in pretty bad shape, but after that meal, I was cured!  Magical!
4	This is located inside the Mirage. It open very late, luckily. I was hungry as I was drinking all night and gambling. We ate here twice!! Two nights in a row cause we were in the Mirage gambling. The Pastrami sandwiches was very good, it was huge. It's good for late night and lunch I would think. I must agree, the prices are super expensive. I think it was 15$? or more. I guess it's located inside Mirage which is why. Hey it's still beat eating McDonald though and it was the only thing open. I shared this with my girl and it got us both full. I would recommend this place if you're gambling at Mirage late at night and wanted something to eat. Or eat it during lunch and share it with someone on an ordinary day in Vegas to save some cash.
2	Seriously, meh, not impressed.  Justin E. wanted to check this place out because he'd been to the one in New York. I was pessimistic, but any opportunity to yelp something new, right? The service was relatively good.  Waiters were attentive and came around often enough, but the food was simply subpar - especially for the price.  I wasn't feeling too hungry at the time, so I ordered a BLT.  I thought it would be a safe bet seeing how much meat was loaded on the sandwiches around me. Bad move! There was just as much meat in my sandwich...to the point where I had no idea how I was going to eat it... and at the halfway point... I couldn't bare to eat anymore... chances are, my heart would have stopped with another bite.Overall, meh. It's a fine novelty, I will admit, but why it's at the Mirage and not New York, New York, I don't understand.  I would recommend sharing a sandwich with another person because someone with an average appetite is not likely to finish even half of their meal.  It helps the environment to not waste food and it also helps with saving money (who knows, the money you save may turn into a win at the roulette table. ;] ).
2	I went to Carnegie for breakfast and I ordered the Pastrami and Egg sandwich on rye for $11 and to my surprise it was all egg with tiny bits of pastrami. I also sampled the hamburger which was okay and the mushroom omelet which was good, but not great.Carnegie Delicatessen & Restaurant is decent, and the pictures on Yelp make it look worth trying, but be warned that the huge sandwiches you see start at $20+ and I don't believe it's worth it for the money. 3 people ate for $50 pre-tip. Service is friendly, but slow. I would not eat here again.  Tip: Open 24 Hours day. Breakfast items come with toast and French fries, but the sandwiches don't come with any sides so you have order it a la carte. I tried the potato salad which was fairly good.
2	It's just not the same. I've been to the real Carnegie Deli and I know... it's an unfair comparison. Oh wait, no it's not. They have the same name. They want to be compared. It's not like I'm asking for something amazing. And just like the Hofbrauhaus in Las Vegas doesn't compare to Munich (see my other review), this does not compare to New York.First of all, the bread is not as fresh. The meat portions, though still generous, are less too. The service was good, as was the location (right next to the sports book in the Mirage). However, it is also more expensive than the expensive Carnegie Deli in New York. Combine it all together, and I was sad. I had my hopes up, and it was just... lacking.Still, maybe if I find myself up after placing a bet on some sports game at the Mirage, maybe I'll head on over (inebriated would help), and get my pastrami on rye. And then I'll reminisce about my trip to New York... and the real thing...Then again, if I was up enough, I could just fly to New York and get the real thing. One can hope...
2	2 stars for what I order I kinda expected better for all the choices listed I think I should of went with something else I was told there rye sandwich was massive should of known that before I placed my order for eggs hash and all beef franks, my friends corned beef omlette looked better, their pickles that the offer you are saltier then you expect, Valasic pickles got a better crunch and taste in my opinion the ones offered here needed water to get through it.sunny side eggs standard, hash was standard also, all beef frank 1inch sliced just okI don't think I would visit this place again, sorry folks no go for mefood ** not so greatservice *** es okprice $$ most dishes over $10ambiance ** middle of a casino haha diner feeling so not there
2	Expensive. $30 with tip and that was only to SHARE one sandwich, however, it is the largest sandwich on the planet.  If I could have sugar, I'd order one of the deserts as they look great. It is very crowded and fast paced, but what do you expect for next to the sports book at The Mirage.
4	We stayed at the Mirage our last Vegas trip and had breakfast here one morning.  My fiance had the lox and eggs and I had the eggs and bacon.  We thought the prices were a little high for breakfast, ($11-13 ea) but the portions were so huge!  Both entrees came with bagel, and country potatoes as well.  Mine had 5-6 slice of bacon!  We were so full we didn't eat lunch and had a late dinner.  We will share next time, even though our server probably won't be too happy with us :p
4	Please read my first review for more details... I think they read my review because on this visit there was brown deli mustard on every table. I'm not sure what brand it was, but had a nice flavor. Maybe a little Dijon added to it, but still a brown deli mustard and not the grey poupon they were trying to pass off for the last couple of years. I got the $22 Ruben and had them make it half pastrami and half corned beef. Although the menu says no substitutions, my waitress managed to pull it off for me. But no guarantees that you can order it that way in the future. The pastrami side was a little more juicy than the corned beef side. This Ruben can't be finished by one person, I gave it a good go and got through about 2/3rds of it before giving up. It really is for sharing. I asked the waitress if anyone has ever finished one, she said no. Now I'm sure one of those Nathan's Hot Dog eating champions could do it. But for your normal big eater, it's not going to happen. I've even finished the Woody Allen a few times. But this Ruben and it's 8 thick slices of melted swiss cheese covering corned beef that is 4" thick on a plate that is about 12" long. Add about an inch of sauerkraut and serve it on 4 slices of rye bread...enough said. This Carnegie is still not as good as the original, but still pretty darn good.
1	Yuk I asked for corned beef on toasted rye after a long wait i recieved a tough to chew pastrami on untoasted rye. I agreed to try it rather than wait. It was terrible. The waitress could see I only ate a couple of bites but still charged me full price. So I did what I never do I left not tip and left still hungry. Canters and Langers in Los Angeles still kick as.
4	After I got off the plane, I met up with my friends who were already getting their drink on.  We were all pretty hungry, so we decided to grab a bite here.  We were staying in Vegas for three nights, so we didn't want to break the bank quite yet.I ordered the Hot Pastrami Sandwich, and my friends ordered a Corned Beef and Egg Sandwich and a Brisket of Beef Sandwich.  We also ordered some fries to go with our sandwiches, and my friend got a Matzo Ball Soup.  The fries came out first, and damn it was a huge pile!  They were thick and crispy and very delicious!  The sandwiches were ginormous!  The meat was piled high and I had to pick out some of the meat before I could even attempt to take a bite.  The meat was very tasty and not too salty.  The sandwiches do seem a bit pricey, but when you're in Vegas, you can't expect anything that cheap in the major hotels.  And they do give you a really big portion.  They also stay open late, so you can get a bite to eat in between party hopping.
4	Located in Mirage casinoThis is a place where I could say you pay for what you get.  A sandwich that costs around 20.  Although they do have other items on the menu that cost less, but since your here might as well get what they are known for.  They are known for their mountain high sandwiches.  I mean what i said "mountain high sandwiches".  You get tons and tons of meat it's crazy.  It's really hard to finish so I suggest sharing one. I ordered the Woody Allen which is piled high with pastrami and corn beef. I would say it's good but after awhile it is a little too much. They have a variety of other sandwiches but you can order in moderation and not get the really big sandwiches.
2	I was at the Mirage today for a trade show and decided to finally give this joint a try.  I should have known better when I saw that you had to be seated by a hostess.....what Deli seats you with a hostess?  Seriously?Anyway, I asked to be seated and she sat me at a two top table that had place settings, but the table was still dirty with small pieces of pickle on the table....gross.After browsing the menu, I almost left.  The prices were ridiculous!  I decided to stick it out and be a trooper and give the place a chance.  I ordered a $15.99 Hot Pastrami Sandwich on Rye Bread.....that's right folks.....that's not a typo....$15.99 for a Hot Pastrami Sandwich and it doesn't come with Chips or Fries.....FREE pickles though, which tasted pretty good.To wash it down, I ordered an Iced Tea and Water.....the server didn't leave me any straws (I hate that by the way).....yet every other table around me had straws.....and I watched....nobody asked for them, they were just given to them by their server.  Maybe my server was having an off day....I don't know.The food came out pretty fast.  The Pastrami Sandwich is your typical New York Style.......5 inches of meat that's impossible to put in your mouth.  Since my name isn't Joey Chestnut (Google him), I took a fork and pulled 20% of it out so that I could eat it like a normal person.Besides the complimentary Pickles that were awesome, the other thing that saved this joint from a 1 Star was the Deli Mustard on the table.....man was it awesome!  I doused each bit with this Mustard....which made the sandwich edible because the Pastrami was dried out and too chewy.  Also, the crust of the Rye Bread was tough....had a Beef Jerky texture to it.....what?  I've never had Rye Bread like that......maybe it's normal, but not in my book.I forced myself to finish it because I didn't want my $25 meal (Iced Tea was $3.50 for glass, plus tax and gratuity) to go to waste.  I'm not a cheapskate, but damn I can have some great meals for $25.Will I come back?  Not unless you're paying the bill.
5	best cheesecake of all time ! i don't know how the one in new york can be better ( but i'm sure it is  ) and  every other  cheesecake besides  Carnegie's  and Junior's is fake.
4	I am a native New-Yorker so this is one of the few places in Las Vegas  you can get a genuine NYC Pastrami or Corned-beef sandwich with real kosher pickles.
3	Think of this review more as a 3.45 if anything.I came to Carnegie some time back but before I was a religious yelper. When a buddy suggested we get sandwiches for lunch right when we got into town, I had no idea we would find our way back to this place. All I remember are the portions are gigantic ($3 sharing fee) and at this time, I was thinking with my stomach than my head and ordered something solo (mind you, I had a MAJOR case of food poisoning the day prior so I was feeling like I was running on empty). I got the Woody Allen which comes with pastrami and corned beef.When it came out, it was STACKED to the max. I forgot how to eat it. It went well with the deli mustard that sits at the table. Disappointments this time around:- One of my friends got the beef tongue and said it was flavorless. There was nothing in the sandwich in the self that would make it "saucy" to eat... and the way this beef tongue was, there didn't appear to be any natural juices.- The portion sizes are a bit wacky. A side of fries for $6 (which were cooked perfectly) was a pretty good size. For about $5 we also got a small bowl of potato salad and a small baked potato that didn't even come out with any butter, sour cream or chives!The waitress noticed that we waited a long haul without getting any of the items we requested (sauce, extra place settings, etc.) so she came by, graciously apologized, and got us an extra order of fries. That's great customer service there.I'm not sure under what pretenses I'll come back here, I'm sure there are other pastrami places to explore in Vegas!
4	I was in the mood for something basic and the old man was in the mood for something HUGE.....hence Carnegie Deli...best of both worlds! I ordered the bacon and egg breakfast sandwich....really good!!! The old man ordered the Woody Allen and after spending about 5 minutes figuring out how to lift it up off the plate, he got through half of it before boxing up the rest!  Props for eating falf of that madness though...the mountain of pastrami is hard not to stare at!
4	Very tasty food!  Not the same atmosphere as one would find in NY (missing the standard 'cheeky' waiters), but the food is still quite the same.  The food is a bit pricey, but I think it is actually cheaper than one would find it in NYC, so eat up!  ;-)  The portions are humongous, so you will get your money's worth, and no-- there are no half-sized sandwiches (I asked!...  I think they should have a half sandwich with soup, which is usually a staple in every other deli I have ever been to).  I recommend the basics: matzo ball soup, corned beef or pastrami, and a few pickles!
3	We went on a sunday morning, and this place wuz jamm packed!!! No time 2 sit and eat... We ordered the pastrami sandwich, (that mustve been like over $20) dang!!! It wuz huge!!! Not a good idea trying 2 eat that in the car. Mounds of sliced pastrami wuz awesome!!! I'm a sucker wen it comes 2 desserts so i had 2 get the mini plain cheesecake (think that wuz almost $10!) we saw this place on the food channel and we're glad we got 2 try this place.
4	This place was awesome! I never knew a sandwich could be made so big until I came here. Carnegie was a little bit pricey but you get a ton of meat and many people take the extra meat home and make a sandwich for later. My boyfriend and I came back to this place to taste their cheesecake which was good nothing to special besides the once again big portion. Overall, I really liked this place. The one bad thing about this was the service was slow both times we were there otherwise I would definitely try it out!
2	The Woody Allen is just HYPE. I came here for our last meal in Vegas and since we were staying at the Mirage, it was convenient. We ordered to go and went back to our rooms to enjoy a nice quiet lunch since the restaurant was bustlin' with morning brunchers. Originally we were going to order just a salad and maybe an omelet, but I let my eyes eat and so the boyfriend and I decided to split the Woody Allen. I admit, its a sight or the eyes. The meat wasn't distributed well though. I had wished they had mixed the corned beef and the pastrami together more instead of one on top of the other. Luckily we asked for extra bread so I was able to make two sandwiches out of my half of the sandwich. Yes there was THAT much meat! The meat in general was pretty dry and lacked a lot of flavors. I barely finished it and saved my second sandwich for the flight home which looking in retrospect was a darn good idea. ;) I think it tasted better on the way home all soggy than it did fresh. I am SOO happy we ordered fries because it was probably the most enjoyable part of the meal! It was perfect shoe string fries, well fried and seasoned! Order this and skip the woody allen. Their menu is extensive so I'm sure you'll find somethingWe didn't get charged for sharing which I'm thinking is because we ordered it togo. Awesome! Just some food for thought!
2	Okay, so I've been to the Carnegie Deli in New York, and it is fantastic. I was staying that the mirage and remembered how awesome the New York location was and decided I had to take my girlfriend there. Wrong Decision. This place was awful in comparison to the New York location.The food was okay, which is not saying much for Carnegie, because the New York location has FANTASTIC food. I'm also a little peeved because in NY, you can get the Blintzes with their fruit toppings, and we couldn't here. That was the first strike, since Blintzes at Carnegie are amazing. I had the Corned Beef Hash and my girlfriend had the Thick Cut Ham and 3 eggs with home fries. I was really expecting a lot out of the hash because they are known for their amazing Pastrami and Corned Beef. Wasn't impressed. It just didn't have a lot of flavor. It wasn't bad flavor, but there wasn't much there to taste. It seemed like the way they cooked it took the flavor out of the corned beef. Maybe I should have gone with the Pastrami Hash, but who knows? Anyways, my girlfriends meal was definitely better than mine, much more on par with the breakfast I expected at Carnegie. The ham was cooked and had a nice caramelization going on. The fried eggs over easy were cooked perfectly, but the home fries just weren't that great. The inside was a little dry and the outside was a little soggy without much flavor. That was probably the most disappointing part for me because I absolutely love good home fries.Next, the service. The service here is bad, especially in comparison to NY. I hate to keep comparing it to NY, but if you are going to use their name, it's gonna happen. In NY, the employees seemed happy, lots of smiles, friendly, and it was like they enjoyed working their. Here, I didn't see a single smile and every employee looked like they wanted to punch someone in the face. Our server asked us what we wanted to eat like 3 times in the first 2 minutes we were there, but we needed a bit to decide, and they didn't return for 20 more minutes. I said a needed a couple minutes, not 20. The kicker, though, was at the end of the meal. In case you couldn't tell from other reviews, the portions are HUGE here. So, I obviously had some of my hash left over (about a third of it) and wanted a box. When I asked for a box, the server asked "Are you serious?" and looked at me like I was an idiot. No, I was joking! You caught me! (Sarcasm).In conclusion, don't go to Carnegie unless you are in New York. Walk the extra 20 feet down the hallway and go to BLT Burger, where you will not be disappointed.
3	Ok cool... I saw a thing about the NY location on the Travel Channel and I got to try the one in Vegas. This is more of a place to go to so you can say afterward to your friends, "Yeah I've had Carnegie Deli!" and that's pretty much it. Their sandwiches were not bad, but I don't know when I would ever crave something stacked with meat that is a mile high. Although I must admit their their pastrami and corned beef were pretty darn good... It's a fun place for late night eating, and to see people's reactions when their food comes out, haha. This place charges a fee for splitting plates... thank god it was not a per person fee!
3	They specialize in Pastrami I think. I chose the grilled cheese with ham and a side of bacon. PHAT I know but it hit the spot sooo good. ;) The boys ordered some sammies and omelets with pastrami. I tasted them, A ok! I should have gotten the BLT it looked so good!
5	Better than the hot pastrami in NYC. Worth coming back to. Enormous portions, great service, and price in line with other eateries. Breakfasts are good, too.
5	Best. Cheesecake. Ever.
5	Having heard so much about this place, I made it a personal mission to wrap my lips around a giant meat sandwich while I was in Vegas this time around. Being Miss Drunkie McDrunkerson, I sent the beau across the way to pick me up the fabulous sounding Bacon Whoopie (chicken salad with bacon!). He returned with the most fabulously large sandwich, and I was ecstatic. The chicken salad was delicious--better than the stuff I make at home--and the bacon was thick and crisp. I had Swiss added and  asked for sourdough and it turned out to be the perfect combination. My only issue with this sammy was the way it was layered. I get the whole 'big sandwich' theme going' on (I know they have a reputation to keep) but I've never been someone to get excited over a third piece of bread in the middle of my sandwich. The layering went like this, from the bottom up: bread, chicken salad, Swiss, bread, bacon, half a head of iceberg lettuce, one whole tomato. I promptly dismantled the thing and layered it the way it should have been: bacon and other toppings carefully crammed against the chicken salad and cheese and topped with the second (and last) piece of bread. I will definitely eat here again and I won't have any problem putting a little work into the darn thing to make it perfect!
4	HOLY. MOLY.When you first sit down and read the menu, don't be alarmed by the prices. It's super spendy, but the portions are so huge. I recommend sharing.I had the Reuben and it was so good, but my husband wouldn't share so both of us ended up wasting a half of a Reuben.My brother in law had some sandwich that was at least a foot high, and he said it was super yums.My mother in law had the lox with scrambled eggs and she said it was so good she had it two days in a row.What's really good about the cured meats is they aren't salty. They really know how to do it.The coffee and service were excellent, and the coffee is even better when you pair it with a piece of their legit NY cheesecake. O.M.G. to die for!!! split it with at least four people though...
3	A sandwich at Carnegie Deli is something straight out of Man v. Food. It's so packed with meats that you know Adam Richman's gonna unhinge his jaw just to pack it all in.  Except it's not Adam Richman - it's me and I'm thanking my stars that I decided to share the sandwich with my fella.We got the roast beef to share (supposedly $3 charge for the extra plate, but my server did me a solid and let us share for free).  For about $19bucks there was easily 2lbs of roast beef. Super tender and meaty, but not too flavorful - a little salt and pepper and brown mustard and it was meat heaven.  For an additional $6bucks we shared an enormous plate of fries. Light and crispy and tasty.The service was decent and the desserts looked bangin' but we were too full for a piece of cheesecake.  Maybe next time...
1	Don't believe the hype!After hearing how "fantastic" the New York location is, I had to try the Vegas location.The sign on the front says "open 24 hours", as you sit down, there's a sign at the table that says "open till 2am". uuummm...that's not 24/7. FAIL #1Ordered the corned beef sandwich. A plate with a massive size serving arrived 15 minutes after placing the order. Sour Kraut cost an additional $3. FAIL #2Picked up my sandwich and the cheapy bread deteriorated. FAIL #3Ended up dipping my corned beef slices in Thousand Island (extra $3) sauce as my meal. FAIL #4 & 5Overall...would I come back? HELL NO! Over priced Oscar Mayer!Want a GREAT corned beef sandwich?! Go to Brent's Deli in Northridge, CA! And it comes with fries, sour kraut, and Thousand Island dressing.
4	Order the corn beef sandwich, and be sure to share it with a friend.  The chicken soup is good too.
1	Unfortunately, I find the Carnegie Deli to be highly overrated and most of its flavor comes from the hype. It truly has the potential to be a really good and fun place but it just does not live up to the fame. The pastrami is has more fat and is not as tender as I am used to, their corned beef is cut so thin that it loses much of the flavor it had (or it possibly never had the flavor), the pickled herring is covered in way too much mayo (who covers pickled fish in may anyhow, a good dish turned awful!!!). It was just disappointment after disappointment. One of the key elements to a good sandwich, particularly an all meat sandwich is the bread the bread was awful to say the least, it was no better than a mid-priced loaf at a cheap grocery store. Although I had no quarrels with the matzo ball soup, it was quite tasty (although pricey). I will NOT RETURN for another visit. Although if you are into hype, cheap (bad) food, and disappointment Carnegie Deli is a must visit deli.
1	i wanted a pie for my litte sisters Birthday they have the best pie so we go to order a pie and they said "A whole Pie???" we wer like yes a whole pie. He said ok and charged us 35 $ for a pie wich is fine but then he asked us can you take it like this? (with no box) i was like um no we need a box because it needs to travel across town. So he huffed and said ill try to find something,like they had never sold a whole pie before??? they ended up giving us a sardene box or some random box from the kitchen i was furious I asked for a manager because i didnt want to bring this beautiful pie i just paid almost fourty dollars for home in a dirty box. The manager was not helpful and said they had no other box Pie is wonderful the people there are asses.I cant really go back cus i made a pretty big fuss too bad.jerks.
5	My favorite meal of my last Vegas trip was HERE!!Although I have Jewish heritage, I don't actually know all that much about traditional Jewish food.This place was awesome! They served complimentary pickled tomatoes and pickles as appetizer! (and some swear by these as hangover remedies)The service was quick and the staff very pleasant. Our waiter was super nice and helpful. He even managed to take a few pictures of our group amidst all their hustle and bustle!My entire group enjoyed the food. We all had different breakfast options.Be prepared, the portions are humongous--definitely your money's worth. I'd say you can easily split most dishes between 2 people! We all had plenty of leftovers...Also, I saw a bunch of people eating these giant sandwiches stuffed with freshly sliced deli meats & they looked BOMB!Next time I am in vegas, I am coming back for one of those
3	So like most people, I have always heard of the brilliance of Carnegie Deli in New York.  When my boyfriend and I found this hidden away in The Mirage, we decided to jump in and order some food.The place was busy!  Although the seating area was at max capacity, the service was still pretty good minus a few blunders [i.e.  The boyfriend getting coffee when he ordered a soda].  Blunders are forgivable; especially when the place is busy.So the boyfriend ordered some kinda of burger with a huge plate of fries [I don't know why fries aren't complimentary on The Strip --- not American!] while I stuck with the Meat Loaf.  Portions are gigantic --- just like the hype!  Too bad everything tasted bland.The thing that makes me give it 3-stars though is dirty utensils.  I don't care how busy it easy.  Dirty utensils at my table and all surrounding tables is NOT OKAY!
3	For west coasters, Carnegie is equivalent to Jerry's Deli in California. I had the potato pancakes and the pierogi, both were great but I was also very buzzed. I would return here.
4	I am always looking for a great pastrami sandwich, so when my friend told me that there was a Carnegie's Deli inside the Mirage Hotel I had to go and check it out.When I went there in October 2010, I saw the size of the sandwiches and was intimidated, so since I was there during breakfast I ordered an omelette instead.  I tried the pastrami omelette and for $12.99 I got a huge omelette with yummy pastrami, home fries and toast.  Definitely worth the price.This time when I went I was going to try the sandwich , but once again I was intimiated with I saw 2 pretty big guys (big meaning 2 men that were over 6 feet tall & they were in shape) sharing 1 sandwich and they couldn't even finish it.  So once again I ordered an omelette.  This time I tried the corned beef omelette, with home fries and toast for $12.99 and once I again I enjoyed my meal.  The food is good, the portion are huge for the price and the service was good.  One day I'll have the courage to try the sandwich.
4	When you just want a boatload of meat - well - this is the place.  I like to get the pastrami and corn beef sandwich with an extra slice of bread.This last time we got it to go - and ate it up in our room because we wanted to go into a coma after eating all that!!!  LOL!   They did an excellent job of packing up the to-go order - making sure they included utensils, hot mustard, wrapped up the extra bread separately and pickles.Had also the chicken salad (hey, we needed some veggies) and that was also very good.
4	Fabulous food. Insane prices.  Sanwhiches the size of your father's head.  For a 'food Jew' (definition:  a person of Jewish background who only participates in the food aspect of Judism when available 'cause it's that kind'a good) I was OBSESSED with the matza ball soup, and I know my matza ball soup.  Yum.  The pickles were AMAZING.  AND I DON'T EVEN REALLY LIKE PICKLES!! They have a sharing fee of $3, so when I had a taste of my husbands omlette (also amazing!!) I felt all crazy and sly doing it.  I have never felt that way about eating eggs before.Good food. Fun. The line can be long.  It sounds insane to pay a $3 sharing fee, but the food can be HUGE so it's worth it. (One lady was so taken aback by her meal that she simply stared at it for a full five minutes before digging in... I watched it happen..)
4	Carnegie Deli @ Mirage - a good spot if you're really in the mood for BIG sandwiches and good matzo ball soup.  I had the pastrami sandwich and I tell you it was HUGE!  2 people can eat one sandwich 'cos it's piled up high - about 6" tall!  Delicious!  Not the same quality as New York's Carnegie Deli but it's closer to me than New York so I'd visit Carnegie Deli in Las Vegas again.
5	It is horrifying how quickly I can inhale one of the pastrami sandwiches here. We're talking Shark Week or something.There's like a pound of meat on the thing, and there's legitimately spicy brown mustard dripping out of the sandwich onto my hand, from both pieces of soft, seeded rye bread. I'm lucky I don't bite a knuckle off. The pastrami, cured and smoked in-house, is tender, flavorful, moist and marbled with fat. Yeah, it's not diet food.Since Carnegie is open all night it's one of the best late-night options in town, especially if you're not trying to eat bar food or casino coffee shop fare.
2	I have always enjoyed Carnegie Deli, but not sure what happened this trip!  The prices seemed over the top and maybe it was just me being frugal, but charging $14,00 for 2 little cups of lemonade for a 2 yr. old and a 5 yr. old, seemed a little extravagant!  No refills, and hardly touched - I could have cooked a whole meal for that price! Also on the menu was a pastrami sandwifch, a hamburger, some french fries, and french toast.  Total cost of lunch $85+Sorry, but I won't be back.  I can find food just as good without being taken advantage of!
2	Those ads they have in the Mirage for this place are killer when you're hungry.  Look at all that freaking meat!  Too bad having a pound of pastrami between two tiny slices of bread is only great in theory.I ordered the hot pastrami sandwich here.  The sandwich is indeed huge, and the pastrami itself was pretty good, but after eating the sandwich, I began to realize how much I LIKE having some greens, mayo, and cheese in my sandwiches.  The sandwich exploded after a few bites anyway so it almost became just eating a plate full of pastrami with some bread.  I found myself licking grease off the roof of my mouth after the meal, which kinda just made me feel very unhealthy.I tried a bit of their regular cheesecake.  It's different from a lot of other cheesecakes you'll find, because it's a lot creamier and taller, but it was lacking in flavor.  If you do order a cheesecake, don't order it plain.In conclusion: You get what they advertise, but after the first few bites, you may realize that it's not a good thing.
2	This is probably one of the most overhyped places in Vegas. During a late night meal here, I ordered a hot pastrami sandwich. What arrived was a massive amount of meat with two small pieces of bread and a side pickle. No veggies, no condiments, just meat and bread. The price? $15. You would be better served going across the street to McDonalds for some late night eats.
5	Mmm hmm (clears throat), channeling Zero Mostel. There are way too many people posting reviews who don't know anything about Jewish delis. Big sandwiches are part of the tradition; if you don't like it, eat at the boring California Pizza Kitchen next door. I'm sure their serving size is more appropriate to your needs.I admittedly have not been to New York to visit Katz's or Second Avenue Deli. However, I have been to Langer's, Brent's and Canter's in LA, and when it's on, this is the best pastrami sandwich I have ever tasted. Juicy, peppery, pastrami steamed just right! Fan-freaking-tastic. The smell in this restaurant makes me swoon in pastrami lust. But this is not a one-note deli. If you like stuffed cabbage, please try theirs. This is the best stuffed cabbage I have ever tasted (I know, I know I said the same thing with the pastrami!) Delectable sweet and sour sauce with raisins. The ratio of sweet to sour is perfect. Amazing!I haven't even gotten to the knishes. Again, when they're on, these are the best I've sunk my teeth into. The right mix of garlic and onions inside for an incredibly perfect pastrami compliment.Also, if you like kishke, try theirs. No, it's not homemade like Brent's, but it is prepared well, with a rich, spicy flavor. The scrumptious gravy is the icing on the kishke. Try their brown gravy with the knish as well. Woah. I am drooling just thinking about it!
2	came here for post nye snack. our server was really nice but service was a bit slow. the pastrami sandwich looks insane...basically a mountain of meat and a side of bread. kind of disgusting actually. i ordered the bacon and egg sandwich...it was good but nothing really special about it. for $11.99 it was quite a rip off considering it doesn't even come with fries. some friends got the chicken noodle soup after not being happy with their original orders of borsch (spelling?)...the soup was quite tasty despite not having any chicken in it. would i come back? probably not since there are so many other places where you can go for late night food on the strip.
5	Carnegie Deli is located at the Mirage Hotel. I came late here for late night munchies, so it wasn't very crowded. It gets pretty crowded during the day, so plan out your day accordingly.   I highly recommend this place because the Pastrami was amazing.  I love pastrami and am always looking for places that have good pastrami.  This is by far one of the best pastrami sandwiches I've had at Jewish Delis.
4	Pastrami on rye.Huge portions, good quality food.I love the pickles that they give you as an appetizer.The only downside is the ridiculous fee they charge if you split the sandwich with another person.  Who in their right mind would try to eat by him/herself a sandwich the size of a carry-on bag?
1	Don't get the chicken noodle soup. No chicken. Just a pile of thin noodles in a bowl then you pour Luke warm yellow broth over it.  You have to pay extra for tomato and lettuce on sandwiches. Split a sandwich and add the fixin's
4	I always try to make it over here for some deli on a Vegas trip. The Mr. has never had Carnegie before so it was a must. Yeah yeah, it is nothing like the real thing in NYC but for being in Vegas this place is pretty damn good and I just like it. The black and whites are much better at Canter's in LA but damn who doesn't love a black and white.
4	I'm gonna start a fight but be it in Vegas or NYC, Carnegie serves the best pastrami in the US.This location is not as authentic as the original NYC location.  Service is too friendly and you are never rushed. Additionally, they serve huge portions more for show than anything else.  This is what keeps this place from getting the full five stars.The pastrami and mustard are the same as the NYC location.  Perfect in every respect.  The sandwich is also just as big.  Were talking over four inches of pastrami between two insignificant, steamed pieces of rye bread.  Slather on some of their incredible mustard and you're in heart attack heaven.Their brisket, tongue, and turkey are all good but why would you even want to have anything other than the classic.There are no small portions here. No healthy options either unless you plan to just eat pickles.Even if there is a service charge to share your food, I strongly recommend it.  Cold pastrami in the room the next morning with a hangover... ugh.
1	We went here on our way back to our Condo, wanted a quick snack before bed (considering it was already a late night). We look around, see this small cafeteria like deli, thought, that place MUST be reasonable. We sit down and order a "simple" pastrami sandwich, cheeseburger. Then we asked if it came with fries, she said separate - she wasn't kidding a small plate for 10.99 -- yikes! Pastrami was a pound of meat between two slices of bread, cheeseburger - very bland, and the fries look the same as Jack In The Boxe's curly fries. Not impressed -- what was the kicker is the $45 bill for those three items.I would not recommend this for a quick snack, I could have taken a cab and ate for that price.
4	If you haven't been to the NY location, this is a close as you will get.  The sandwiches are huge.  The pastrami and corned beef are some of the best in the country.  My wife had chicken noodle soup and really enjoyed it.  Love the pickles.  Two big differences:  room between the tables and friendly waitresses.
3	Update the sandwhiches are still rock solid here but they have had some service problems on my last two visits.  They aren't using a very good turket these days either.Hands down the best Deli in Las Vegas, and one of the best in the Western United States.  The Reuben here is legendary. Understated on the menu, but good luck on finishing it'! Do yourself a favor--  don't delve into researching it too much, Carnegie's take on the Reuben is exaggerated, excessive, extra ordinary, over blown, and over executed, it's a masterpiece. Let it be a surprise. My gripe would be the turkey they serve here. It's above average, but it pales in comparison to the outstanding corned beef and pastram, which is as superior as any in the country. The diner style dishes are prepared fresh, things like Meat Loaf, fried chicken, open faced burgers are superb. Breakfast is excellent, and reminiscent of what you'd find at any great Manhattan deli.All the bread is fresh baked on the premises, and the service is quick.***brutally busy at times, sometimes it's smart to show a little green to the hostess. At the Mirage near the Sports BookFree ParkingRecommended 20$ a person is the average check. NOT A DISCOUNT SANDWICH DESTINATION MASSIVE portions that are boxed easily, if you're a guest at the Mirage, take that sammy back and shove it in the fridge.Kids will like dining so close to the slots and sports book. Their parents might not.
4	The Reuben:  Godzilla, that thing is huge (TWSS!)So I still had alcohol in the system after 1am, and didn't really think much about the nearly $30 price tag for the sandwich.  When it came out, I realized why.I think there were literally a few pounds of meat on this thing.  smothered in cheese and some kraut (honestly wish there had been more kraut), i have never seen a sandwich like this in my life.  it's served open face, also.  you're using a knife and fork with this bia.Now, I can eat my fair share of food, but I seriously doubt I got more than 1/3 of the way done with it.  Others around me sat in amazement when the waitress brought it out.  As did I.  I'll tell ya.... $30 is a helluva lot to spend on a sandwich, but when it can feed a family of five, it's not so bad.  Do your research before dining here.  I had no idea what to expect.  It made for an interesting morning on the pot.
5	Every time I go to Vegas I have to stop bye here to pick up a pastrami sandwich.  This thing is a massive sandwich, but it is still on of the tastiest sandwiches I have ever eaten.  WIth the brown mustard they offer there, it is a perfect compliment for the sandwich.  I have been to the original one in New York and must admit I think this one is much better IMHO.
2	I learned one thing about myself at this restaurant -- I do not care for Pastrami at the least.HUGE stacked sandwich that only contains pastrami...I am not stoked to eat this. I ordered a side of fries which turned out to be a very big helping--the fries were perfect. I was more in love with my side of french fries than the sandwich :(
5	Home of not only the biggest sandwiches but the tastiest as well. A stop for me every time I'm in Vegas. No human  can finish the Woody Allen in one sitting.
4	What can I say??  It was truly love at first bite.  Ever since I took my first bite of the pastrami sandwich here, I've been a fan and have made it a point to dine here if I'm in Vegas.Located on the casino level of The Mirage, the restaurant is open 24 hours (very convenient!) and serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  I come here for just thing:  The pastrami sandwich.  Well, mind you there are other things to try on the menu....sandwiches named after celebrities, a variety of sides, or perhaps their monstrous Mount Everest sized slices of cheescake.  Alas, usually there's no room left in my stomach for dessert (as much as I want to try the cheescake!) after attempting to devour my sandwich.  Priced a somewhat reasonable $15.95, the pastrami sandwich is....what can I say....simply delicious and a meat lovers dream.  Make sure to enjoy your meal with the pickles and mustard (now in squeeze bottles!) available.  Your taste buds will be thanking you....trust me.SERVICE:  The service is great!  Everyone from the hostess, server, and bus boys are friendly, attentive, out-going, and polite.  Great customer service overall.Bottom Line:  Craving a taste of New York?  When in Vegas, Carnegie Deli is where it's at!
4	Here at Carnegie Deli is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had - the corned beef reuben.  I've made it a point to eat this sandwich on almost every trip to Vegas.  Mounds of hot corned beef covered by melted cheese and sauerkraut.  A huge bowl of thousand island served on the side, which makes dipping perfect.  Ambitiously, I always order the full sandwich - and realistically I can only finish about 3/4 of it.  This thing is huge.  The deli is tucked inside the Mirage Hotel, this place is well worth the wait when their is a line - and even better if you can grab a table before or after peak mealtimes.  I've never been to NY, so I can't speak to Carnegie's authenticity but eating at their Vegas location is always a treat for me.
3	I had a huge corn beef sandwich.  Meat was lean but on the dry side. Our waiter was great and offered to bring us more rye bread to accommodate the over abundance of meat!  Yummy pickles.
3	Ok, just letting you know... if size is what matters, then baby you can believe me, the sandwiches are HUGE... larger than what you can bite for sure!!!  While waiting you get to munch on deli pickles!  (yummo!) Cheesecake the bomb!  So good... however, the corn beef in my opinion was a little too dry... I would have loved it if they'd just would have taken it out of the oven, broiler, what have ya, and let it rest to cook on it's own... just a little too dry... for me that is.  It's pricey, so don't panic when you see the bill!  Is worth it?  Yes, if you're don't live in Las Vegas... try something once... it's always been my moms advise!
3	If you like pastrami, I am sure you have had better. I had the pastrami sandwich, and it was alright, not my favorite. For one, they serve their sandwiches cold. Second, they're so ginormous, you don't even know how to approach the monster. It is thoroughly amusing to watch people's expressions as soon as the waiter/waitress brings them their sandwich and realize the size of these sandwiches. I considered sharing, but why share when I would get charged $3 (if I remember correctly) for sharing. So in my opinion, it is nothing special or spectacular. Maybe consider coming in late night once you're drunk; it seems like a good alcohol absorbing food.
5	BIG, LARGE, ENORMOUS, GIGANTIC, GRANDE, HUGE, COLOSSAL...that's how I describe these sandwiches. I guess you get the point. I didn't even know they had a location in Las Vegas.  I tried this place in New York City, I think the original.  I'm glad it's in Vegas, because I travel more to Vegas than to New York.
2	Not for me...at least, not alone.Ridiculously large portions and a $3 up charge to share. The Woody Allen (corned beef and pastrami) was fine but cut the size on half along with the price and I'd give you another two stars. The meat was good. Too bad I will not come back to pay $20+ for a sandwich I can't finish.
3	I stopped here after Yelp Night at Jet. Had to quell the hunger pangs that the lemon slices and cherries in my cocktails didn't satisfy.  However, I was totally unprepared for such huge portions of the most mediocre food ever. Expensive, too. I got the chicken noodle soup. There was no chicken in it. It was just the thing I needed after a long night of partying and "Goose"-ing it up on the dancefloor at Yelp Night at JET. But it was just a huge bowl of noodles and scalding chicken boullion to pour on top. Wow. I can't say I wasn't pleased, because I was. I guess I'm just thinking about America and obesity, the effects of increased portion sizes on how much we eat, food waste, and the economics of all of this. From the other dishes I witnessed servers bringing to other patrons, Carnegie Deli is totally pro-obesity, totally pro-food-waste, pro-huge-portion-size, pro-gratuitous-spending. Ridiculous.
2	if you're looking for pastrami, go here.  if you're looking for variety, dont go here. the "sandwiches" are are literally bigger than my head. and my head is huge. so ... yeah. the woodyallen was pretty good. but its just too much.  you pay 20 bucks for a sandwich you're not even going to finish.  sure, theres leftovers and all the meat you can eat when you come back to your hotel room.. but id rather pay 20 bucks for a complete meal that i can enjoy.
3	My sister and I got takeout here for a midnight snack. We got the woody allen sandwich (pastrami and corned beef) and fries. The portions were huge of course, the meat was flavorful and not too dry. They have us plenty of mustard for the sandwich and even threw in two servings of pickes, one full sour, one half sour. Overall I liked it, but I have to say, it is very expensive.
2	Almost $30 fucking dollars for a Reuben?!? I understand that you're Carnegie Deli and to make matters worse you're a transplant location in a shitty Vegas hotel, but let's be reasonable here. I wouldn't pay that price in New York and I certainly wouldn't pay it here. I don't care how delicious you are, you are a SANDWICH!!And $10-$12 for vodka sodas and jack and cokes?!? I remember the good 'ole days of living in the Northeast when one could go to one of these delis and have a fantastic lunch or even dinner at a fair and reasonable price. If Carnegie Deli has its way, those days are long gone.
1	The size of the servings is almost immoral. There is a $3 charge for sharing, which if you come to think about it, would not make it a bad deal if you both happen to want to partake of the same disgusting sandwich. The quality of the food and its size are in inverse proportion; our meat was dry, tasteless, visually revolting,  anchored by two slivers of bread to justify calling it a sandwich and not a chunk of dead dry beef. The worst sin was the chicken soup, that traditional icon of soothing relief; yellow liquid with a taste of having recently sprinkled or dissolved from an envelop or a cube, sodium being the preponderate flavor. Can't believe the place is so popular, but in Las Vegas everything is possible, I guess.
4	This place was great!   Loved the pastrami sandwich. Lame that people are rating it low because it was too much food or more expensive then initially thought.
3	Holy moly! The slices of pie are huge!!! Unfortunately, all I had was the Coconut Cream Pie, but the portion was ginormous! and it was very good. I saw the sandwiches that they were serving at the deli and those are HUGE as well, so if anything, come with an apetite!
3	Pretty pricey. But well worth it if you have a big appetite.
4	Gigantic corn beef and pastrami sandwich. Spicy brown mustard on the side and was delicious. I had been in the sports book for a couple hours and after the games ended I was in need of some nourishment. This did the trick and couldn't even come close to finishing it. They make sure you pay top dollar for it,  though they do pile the sandwich pretty high with delicious cured deli meats.
3	The portions are giant, the food is good, but it's not the best deli I've been to. It's the only food place at The Mirage that is open all night so you are bound to eat here if you stay at the Mirage. Overall good food but probably nothing that will blow you away, except for the size of some of the sandwiches! haha
2	As a fan of NYC deli's, and been to the homeland on the Lower East Side, this place is a disappointment.  The sandwich I had, the Woody Allen was enormous, but unless your only criteria of a sandwich is size, this was a big disappointment.  The manager explained to me that their meat is provided by Carnegie, but since it is lean, it dries out very quickly.  My impression of the sandwich was that it was a big, over abundant pile of dry, tough, and relatively tasteless corned beef and pastrami.  When I mentioned to them that the sandwich was very dry, I was provided with roast beef au jus.  (not the fresh steamy meat I was expecting)   I was given a very delicious piece of the cheese cake for my troubles, though.   I really think that the meat available at my home Costco from Carnegie is much better than at this location.
4	Good selection, good service, huge portions and great quality. Had three meals here this weekend.  If you like artery clogging beefy goodness, eat here. Vegetarian?  Fuhgettabouttit.........
3	The place has good pastrami.  The sandwiches are huge.  You have to share one, but they charge you three dollars to share.  Why???  To gouge you for money.  Each sandwich is around $20.  Kind of lame if you ask me.  I ordered fries, but they were nothing awesome.  One sandwich and a side order is enough for two people.  Pay the three dollars to share or else you will walk out with a bag.  What good is a hot sandwich when it is cold in your hotel room?
4	This is a pretty good knock off of the original in NYC.  Granted the fact that the portions are not as obnoxiously large as the one in NYC it tastes pretty much the same.  Plus it's still way larger than any sandwich ever needs to be so I guess I should stop complaining lol.Minus a star because our server took forever to get back to us at any given time and it so wasn't busy, it was like a late Friday after noon!  It's all good though :)
4	The food is excellent, but I couldn't bring myself to order their famous rueben.  Even the smaller sized ones are just too big and I couldn't waste that much food :-P.  They have something for everyone here other than their sandwiches which they are known most for.The matza ball soup is fantastic, as are the burgers.  I really like the pickles brought out to the table, but oddly enough, if you want pickles on your burger, you have to slice them yourself.  My wife had eggs, which were cooked incorrectly, but they fixed it quickly.  We came back late night on a different day for the banana creme pie, also great, but man, it was big.Service was prompt and courteous, a solid play.  Just realize that the prices aren't cheap for sandwiches, but you are getting good quality food.
4	If you are reading this, then you did not eat an entire Woody Allen sandwich at Carnegie Deli.  That sandwich would kill a lion.  The sandwich is bigger than your head and may weigh even more.The food is fantastic to say the least.  There's a reason why they charge a plate sharing fee... because one person cannot finish all that food.  Before they bring out anything, they stuff you with tasty pickles.  I don't even know what the dessert menu looks like, because I'm too full from the meal to even think about dessert.Beware of falling into a food coma and remember that you are more than welcome to bring any food home in a doggie bag... if it will survive the ride home in the Vegas heat.
2	Not worth it.It costs $8 for a chicken noodle soup. Funny thing is, there's no chicken. None. Basically you get chicken broth with noodles. $8. I wished they called it chicken brother with noodles because I wouldn't have ordered it if that was the case.However, the service was very good.
2	My boyfriend was raving about this place for ever, so he took me here for an afternoon surprise. When we got there the wait was about 10-15 minutes, and it was really crowded and busy. I was excited, because I heard nothing but great things. When we finally sat down to order, the menu just did not seem appetizing, their was nothing on their that interested me- and it all seemed kind of unusual. I also didn't like that you could not change around their sandwiches- like remove the Swiss cheese and add provolone- I hate Swiss cheese- So I was forced to create my own sandwich. OH BOY! The thing was huge. Like I could not even eat it, and had to use a fork and knife- I totally hate that- I was just expecting something different. My boyfriend had a great time- which was the most important part- and I acted like I enjoyed every bit of it lol... I didn't want to upset him. When the check came, I thought the bill was ridiculous, because they charged him extra for all my sides- Who does not put cheese, lettuce, tomato or onion on their sandwich...? Well I think I had to pay like $10 alone just for my side items. Also they were so busy that it took forever to get drinks, or our food. Overall the sandwich was okay, and it was fun to enjoy something new and a restaurant that is supposedly famous..?
1	wow has this place went down hill. the service and wait staff is an absolute joke. the food has went down hill. just horrible... horrible
3	I'm only reporting on the breakfast, it was A OK, nothing special.  You would do better at the buffet across the casino
4	We always stop here for at least one lunch whenever we are in Vegas.  For me, the Reuben itself is worth the trip to this establishment.  There is normally a wait to get in, but it has never been longer then 20 minutes. The sandwiches are huge and I never leave hungry.  This last time we also had the Matza Ball soup, which was excellent.  For a NYC deli experience in Vegas, this is the place to visit.  You wont leave disappointed.
2	Worth the try, but not worth the cut.Since last being in Vegas many moons ago, I reminisced about the Stage Deli in The Forums. Where their deli sandwiches were the best we've ever had and the cheesecake flown in fresh from NYC were the ultimate. Recently we came across Carnegie Deli, located in the Mirage and it looked impressive with their own cured meats. Sandwiches were thicker than I could stretch my mouth and it made my eyes physically look bigger than my stomach. Tonight we tried the corned beef sandwich which like many reviews it was very good, with perfect flavorings and very tender. We also tried the hot pastrami, it lacked flavor and was very disappointing considering the proportion of the sandwich.  I had to add a LOT of pepper to make it taste decent. Lastly, we had to try the "famous" burger, which they advertise that they grind the burger meat themselves. Thumbs up for making a juicy burger, but again that lacked flavor.  It's almost like going to a steakhouse and ordering a succulent, juicy porterhouse and they don't season it.
5	Between my brother-in-law and I, we ordered the Turkey, Pastrami, Corned Beef and the Reuben (which is Corned beef but with sauerkraut). We ordered them "open~face" style, which has one slice of bread at the bottom, the meat piled on top, and then the cheese melted on top of that. Each of the meats were out of this world good. Especially the Turkey!! And with all of the pickles you can eat; OMF'ingG!! Our waiter was great, he was originally from Brooklyn NY. So he had the attitude that rounded off that NYC experience. It was all good. This Las Vegas transplant is just as good as the original in NYC. I can't wait to return here.
5	Well this review is not exactly for me, but for my husband. I had the roast beef sandwich, which was good, but a roast beef anywhere is good. He loved the pastrami sandwich. Huge was not the word. 1 pound of meat. Not only was it big, it was good also. Definitely big enough to share next time. There definitely will be a next time. Cheesecake was awesome also!
5	Good delicatessen!The matzo ball soup was excellent. This place definitely knows what their doing!
3	Pastrami Sandwich without flying to NYC. Saving on the flight. Yummy. Meat piled high. And cheesecake with fluff. I am pretty happy with this place since I can't fly to NYC all the time. And it doesn't hurt to be open 24 hours. Quick lunch or late night snack with people after clubbing at TAO or JET. I have no complaints. Maybe a small workaround. Sandwich is 14.99. But to share you have to pay $2-3. Therefore, I order a reasonably priced cheesecake to eliminate the sharing fee. Cheesecake taste great and I don't have to pay $2 for nothing.Enjoy!
4	Yay! I"m a fan.What this place is is a deli so if you don't want a sandwich don't bother coming here. That being said the sandwiches are very good and of course they are huge. I mean ridiculously huge. They are the types of sandwiches that Shaggy and Scooby Doo make. It doesn't matter how hungry you are by the time you are full there is still enough meat on your plate to make a few more sandwiches. I'm glad I can only eat here when I'm in Vegas because if there was one of these around my home I wouldn't have much longer to live. Seriously.After our first time we starting sharing. We both get enough food and one of these times I'm gonna bring the leftovers the homeless person on the crosswalk holding the sign "Parents killed by ninjas, need $ for karate lessons" and he can eat like a king or at least like a tourist.
3	The food here was 5 stars however the prices here are outrageous.  I guess if you figure that you're not paying for air fair and hotel to go to NY to get this sandwich it might be a good deal.  We've heard about Carnegie and have always wanted to try it so we went to the Mirage e to check this place out.  Its pretty much in the center of the casino and Im assuming its decorated like its original in NYC.  The hot pastrami sandwich here was $16.99!!!  With prices like that we decided to split the sandwich (there was a $3 "share") charge so our sandwich here was $19.99!  Yes, the pastrami is delicious but not worth $20.
4	I love this place for the pickles they give you once you sit down at your table. Okay & the food is good too! Been here twice, ordered breakfast types foods both times, & it definitely hit the spot. They are known for their pastrami sandwiches, which is something I'll have to try next time I'm there! Good service/quick as wellNo need for reservations
3	Hubby and I arrived late and was looking for a place to eat and this was one of the restaurants that were still open so we decided to give it a try since the buffet was closed. Their french fries were cooked perfectly (well, to our liking that is) but the chicken salad sandwich we ordered was a little on the dry side. Our server was a little slow to accommodate but otherwise an okay place.
5	Yum. I love this place and it's staff. I always come here when I'm in Vegas. The sandwiches and other plates are huge. You can easily share one item between two people. Even their soup, one order is 3 or so bowls.
4	Cheesecake only review!The truffle cheesecake was flippin' amazing!!  Our group of 3 devoured that in a couple of minutes-mm just the right amount of fluff, sweetness, and sugar!  The blueberry was pretty good, considering I'm not a big fan of blueberries.It's $10 for a huge slice, but it's well worth it.
5	I've never tried the food, but their cheesecake is like, shut up and take my money good. Thank you Daniel G. Without your help, I would have passed this place without a second glance. It took 3 of us approximately 4 minutes to inhale a Truffle Chocolate Torte Cheesecake. While holding it in a to-go box, standing in front of the counter. Classy? Not really. But do we regret it? Hellz no.
4	The first time we came to this location the pastrami left a lot to be desired, but the last time we came the pastrami was more like what it should be...juicy! I've visited the original in New York and although not as awesome, it's pretty close. Maybe they steamed the pastrami this time around? Regardless, we were happy. My husband and I split the pastrami sandwich, fries and a strawberry cheesecake. The sandwich was doable, the fries...forget about finishing those, they're more for a table of 4+. So, as you can guess we ditched the fries and went for the cheesecake which was heavenly. Not the fluff that the Cheesecake factory serves, but a big dense flavorful NY style cheesecake...YUM!
2	I have been to the original Carnegie's in NYC, so it's hard to compare this one to that, but it was okay at best.Very expensive for what you get.  The server asked if we wanted lettuce and tomato with our sandwich.  I said, "Does it cost extra?"  She responded, "Honey, EVERYTHING costs extra here!!"  She wasn't joking.A plain roast beef sandwich and fries cost us $25!!Officially classify it as a tourist trap.  Walk across the hall to BLT Burger and thank me later :)
5	Years ago, one of the Vegas magazines had an article on the delis there. The picture I always remembered was of the biggest pastrami or corned beef sandwich I had ever seen in my life.  More recently I was excited to find out that the picture was from the Carnegie Deli, inside the Mirage.  I am a quantity of quality guy for the most part, which makes Carnegie Deli like heaven to me, since they have huge sandwiches that are also the best I have ever tasted.If I go with someone new to the place, I will get the Woody Allen just to see the look on their face.  Normally, I just go with the corned beef on white. The free pickles are just OK to me.  French fries are pretty good. The cheesecake is decent.  The $3 charge to share food is pretty stupid.  You can just order the food to go and then eat it in the Mirage's pretty nice sportsbook areaEvery once I a while I even seriously consider driving up to LV from OC just for the sandwich.  It may actually happen one day. Carnegie Deli is worth it.
1	I regret suggesting we try this place again. I'd thought maybe the dessert would live up to its reputation in NYC but alas, I was wrong. Twice.The 5th Avenue cream pie sucked big time. How can they go wrong? Could it be the water? I will definitely go to the original one in NYC when I visit next time. The cheesecakes, 5th Avenue and the borscht are the best there. Sorry DD.
5	I've been here a dozen times over the years and it never disappoints.This time I had the Bologna Omelette and it was awesome as always. The home fried potatoes were great as well. I will definitely be back next time I am in Vegas.Bring your appetite as servings are huge and that makes up for the price, I think.
4	After waking up from a late night of partying and craving breakfast at 12 in the afternoon. My girlfriends and I walked around the whole Mirage hotel looking for a restaurant to serve breakfast. Finally, we found Carnegie deli that served breakfast all day! Dying of hunger, the service was quick and efficient. We were sat and a server came to us right away. I got the basic eggs and bacon, the portion was more then enough.  My friends and I were more then satisfied that we came back the next morning to have breakfast. None of us had the pastrami sandwich, but it looked ginormous! I'll have to go to NYC for that!
3	If you come here expecting deli food at the same level as the Carnegie Deli in NY (or most deli's in NY for that matter) you'll be severely disappointed. I went here twice during my last Vegas trip and the food was just okay. Tongue sandwich the first time and the Woody Allen the second time (which is a GINORMOUS sandwich consisting of pastrami and corn beef). If you're drunk and hungry this will hit the spot, but overall it's nothing special.
4	HUGE sandwich. Great taste. Needs to have bigger slices of bread!
3	I've eaten at Carnegie Deli dozens of times, the corned beef rueben is our go to sandwich. It's plenty for my husband and me. The restaurant week menu convinced us to come in and try out their pastrami. We had each had 1/2 "Woody Allen" with pastrami and corned beef, a latke and a slice of cheesecake. It was filling! The corned beef is still the best in Vegas (better can be had at Katz's in NYC or Langer's in LA). The pastrami is good, but not as lean as we'd prefer. We'll stick to the corned beef in the future. The latke and cheesecake were tasty as usual.
2	I don't have much to say about this place. The line was pretty long on Saturday Morning so we figured it was a good sign that this place was good. Also, our friends from NYC say this is their favorite Deli... so we decided to order to-go since we didn't have time to wait in that line. The bf and I split a Beef Brisket Sandwich which was hella dry ugh it was so hard to eat. And for $20 yes the portion size was huge but for the taste ugh.  Maybe I ordered the wrong thing but still...so disappointed.
5	Just a huge amount of great food. I submitted pics of my massive sandwich.  I was questioning why almost every sandwich on the menu has a small charge to split the sandwich....now I know why.  The sandwich was bigger than my head.  I finished one half and fell into food coma.  Thats never good in Vegas.  I love Vegas and love this restaurant.  I was with 3 other people and everyone got different sandwiches and everyone was very happy with their meal.
3	Stop in for a Cheesecake...and then leave.The awesome cheesecake is what turns this 2 star joint into a 3 star.  If you're a cheesecake lover, prepare yourself for cheesecake bliss.  If you're a deli sandwich lover, prepare yourself for a big pile of average, grocery store quality plainness.  I was expecting sandwiches on the level of Brent's Deli (Northridge, CA) but am sorry to say I was disappointed.Service is slow, even for a busy place.  My party arrived close to midnight, plenty of servers running around, but plenty of disappearing acts as well. Next time I'm in the Mirage, I'm stopping in for a cheesecake to go.
1	The Carnegie Deli is located inside The Mirage Hotel. It operates as a vacuum for your wallet, and although the food is not bad, the price is not worth even one trip. The cost of a sandwich would be about the same as being in New York City at Second Ave Deli. BTW, you can't order a smaller version of a sandwich for a cheaper price. And, if you split a sandwich (recommended) then yet another charge is added on top! When you add it all up, you will be disappointed if not mad at yourself afterwards. The logical choice is to go somewhere else, which is easy to do in Las Vegas.  Best to all,
3	$20 entrees, are you crazy??? You have to keep in mind that everything on the menu is big enough to be shared by at least two people. Don't even think about ordering one entree for one person, unless you are a local and can take home leftovers. A lot of their menu items are pretty bland and boring but you can't lose with the Matzo Ball soup or the Potato Pancakes (they might just be the best I've ever had).Located in the Mirage, this place is usually open late (I think until 2 or 3 am) so it's a good alternative to a 24 hour cafe.
4	If you want good deli In vegas , this is the Place . Monster sandwiches, as said before you need to share one of there or be prepared to be wheeled out of there.  Was next door at Caesers , on the 1st Football sunday , made a quick dash over to the Carnegie , for a few corned Beef sandwiches , for me & the Boys . Awesome .
4	I do not have to explain this one... 5 star is in NYC!
3	Became our go-to place within our hotel! Here's why:- Great prices (the cheapest in the Mirage)- Fast (like SUPER fast) service- Open 24 hours- Great people watching- Also a visual arts exhibition: all the photos of the celebrities who have eaten at Carnegie's over the years - it's worth eating here once just to look at these!The two stars are lost because it's so small and loud, that TWICE the server we got could not speak English enough to provide adequate service, because I had to send a bagel & cream cheese back because it wasn't toasted, and because their breakfast eggs, bacon & home fries were absolutely disgusting. Bland, poorly prepared and extremely overpriced for what you get, especially compared to the other menu items.
4	My manager and I decided to venture off for lunch one day and we ended up here, Carnegie Deli at The Mirage. Now let me say this first, what initially drew me in was the cakes and pastries on STEROIDS in their pastry case at the take-out counter. Muffins, cookies, cakes, pies, you name it. They're huge and looked deee-lish. Being as the line for a table was quite long and we were limited on time, we opted for take out. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The service was quick so we were in and out.The food did not disappoint, either. I'm under the assumption (based on other reviews and pictures) that the portions are quite large for all their dishes (not just the pastries and desserts staring you in the face). My bacon and egg sandwich was massive and delicious I couldn't believe I finished the whole thing.Return visit? Yes, definitely. I want to actually sit down & eat here. But don't say I didn't warn you.... Come Hungry! In fact, come starving! And save room for dessert ;)
1	Came here over the weekend. The food was OK but IMO $15-$20 is a little pricey for a deli sandwich, but they certainly do give you a very, very large portion. We also had an order of sausages that were way too oily (And I ain't afraid of grease in my food). The thing that left me with a bad taste in my mouth was the service which was possibly the worst experience I've ever had in my many trips to Las Vegas. First it took the waitress forever to get our drinks and to take our order, then when the sandwich came out it almost slipped off our plate and the waitress palmed it with her (probably dirty) bare hand to stop it. We should have asked for another sandwich because that's gross -- even the workers in Ghetto Banh Mi shops in Westminster use gloves to touch the sandwiches-- but we were hungry so we didn't want to wait. I had to ask for refills several times as they never really came by to check up on us and it took them forever to bring us our check. Yeah I understand that they were busy and probably one of their servers called out or something but it shouldn't take 15 minutes for them to bring us our check. We weren't the only ones waiting for our check, there was at least two other tables I saw in our immediate area waiting to pay. The worst part was there were three hosts standing right next to us just chitchatting, I know that it probably isn't part of their jobs to clean tables and print out checks, but they should be helping the servers rather than just doing nothing... it just gives a very bad perception to customers. While the food was okay I will not be coming back because of their lousy service. No I did not tip and BTW they also have a $3 sharing fee. REALLY????
4	My husband and I stumbled upon this fabulous place. I could not believe that they actually built this at the Mirage. The restraunt in pretty tiny, but I expected that since it is in a hotel. The staff were very friendly and were able to seat us fairly quickly. When we were seated, we noticed that the tables were super close together which was kind of lame. I had a grilled cheese, and my husband had the corned beef, both were excellent. We will totally be coming back here when we visit Vegas again.
4	A dessert review only...the cheesecake is expensive ($11 a piece) but wow, what a great piece of cheesecake! Got the cherry cheesecake and the slice was huge. They have a ton of desserts that look amazing.
5	Perfect to get my bowl of cottage cheese for lunch. Went 2 days in a row. One poached egg yum!!
4	The biggest effin pastrami sandwich everrrrr.Definitely the biggest of big jewish deli pastrami sandwiches Ive ever seen.  Comically big and fun experience just to see.  However, as far as taste goes their pastrami is a little bland and dry compared to Langers and Kats.  I suspect the original location may not have this problem and this may be a case of the Vegas version not as good as the original.  It is decent though and better than your run of the mill pastrami.  Here are some cool things we ordered and were unable to finish.Woody Allen - King of kings.  Mountain of pastrami and corn beef with bread hidden somewhere in there.  Definitely picture worthy.Jeffs Favorite - Plate of pastrami or corn beef with a sweet delicious potato knish hidden underneath.  Once you break through the meat exterior and hit the knish center youll be pleasantly suprised.  I added some sauerkraut.Biggest but not the best.
5	Holy crap load of meat. Showed up at about midnight which was perfect cause there was no wait and I was extremely hungry from drinking all day. I ordered the Woody Allen (half corned beef and half pastrami sandwich). They brought it out to our table and I thought to myself it looked like they used a whole cow to make this sandwich. Definitely not a place for vegetarians. W/Dijon mustard flowing, probably one of the best sandwiches (That didn't involve me and two strippers, just kidding) I've had in Sin City.
5	Yum!!!! Bacon grilled cheese sandwich is the best hangover cure ever! Not the huge sandwich everything else is here, but still has huge taste! Hope you have a fridge I your room cuz anything else you order here sandwich wise, you'll have leftovers. Pickles, specialty bottled soda, latkes and cakes are all amazing here.
5	I'm a simple kind of man... every time I go to the Carnegie Deli in The Mirage, I am there for one thing and one thing only - the hot pastrami on rye. Add some swiss cheese and your in heaven. A word of advice however - share a sandwich or eat half and take home the other half for later. They are freakin huge!A staple every time we visit Las Vegas!
4	Carnegie Delicatessenhttp://www.mirage.com/restaurants/carnegie-delicatessen.aspxWe stopped by The Carnegie Deli located in the Mirage Casino complex for a quick lunch bite before heading out for the afternoon.  There is nothing small about the sandwiches in this place.  The seating is tight, so we were able to get a good view of the many items being served.  The two of us split a pastrami sandwich ($3 to split a sandwich) with enough left over to take back to our daughter for lunch as well.  It was the smaller of two sizes priced at $16 and was huge.  They guy 2 tables over from us ordered the larger size for $20 with 2  1/2 pounds of meat.  He barely ate half.  We ordered fries with the sandwich for $3.99 and they came on a platter with enough fries for 5 people.  We saw others that ordered the hot dogs which had to be about a foot long.  The guy on the other side of us ordered a turkey sandwich that was at least 7 inches high.  They put New York style dill pickles on the table for a pre-meal snack.  You will not leave this place hungry.  Our check was around $27, we would definitely eat here again.
3	OK, maybe not so many stars because every time we ate here it was after we have been clubbing and between the hours of where most people are sound in their beds. But it is Open 24 hrs and the food is good but the service was HORRIBLE! Mind you, we had a lot to drink and maybe our server didn't think we would notice, but even when I'm tipsy I expect decent service.  First, he took more than 15 minutes to greet us, then another 10 to take our orders which came out I feel 45 minutes later. I ordered fries with my sandwich, which I didn't receive, and 3 people didn't get their side of rice with their meals either. To make up for it we asked to speak to the manager who was nice and offered us a free cheesecake which we refused to take we just wanted our server to know HE SUCKED! Anyways, I ordered the egg sandwich ($9.95) which did not come with any sides but it was HUGE! They are not skimpy on any of the food portions and the eggs were fluffy and fresh! My bf ordered the woody Allen ($19.99) and it was HUGE! This thing was probably a good 6 inches high of pastrami and corned beef meat between two white slices of bread. And my bf can eat; he had to take the other half to go. One night her ordered the corned beef hash ($19.99) and LOVED it, another big portion of food as well. You can get an egg on top any way you like.  This place is pretty pricey ($7 orange juice!) but when it's the only thing open at 4am you have to make it work.  We went here 3 times during our stay in Vegas so it must be that good.
2	If you are a soup fan, the minestrone soup was incredible.  Unfortunately it was a so-so experience from there on out.  After the minestrone soup (I would go back just for the soup) and hearing reviews about the sandwiches, I had high expectations of the pastrami.  The sandwich was not bad, but not great either.  At a $15 price tag and due to the reputation, I expected better.  I would not go out of my way to eat here.  If you are a sandwich fan, make your way to Earl of Sandwich at PH.  The quality is better and the price lower.
3	The portions are huge (but then the prices are up there), we shared an open faced corned beef sandwich.  I really think that the corned beef lacked any kind of seasoning/flavor (it was really tender) - if I was to go back here I would want to try the Pastrami.
4	Okay.. all together 18 bucks for a damned sandwich.  This place is like a blackhole for all your hard earned cash goes.  But it's Vegas, so I expect to be ass raped by a sando joint located strategically in the hotel with it's delicious meat fumes coming out of the kitchen.  With that said about the outrageous prices, the sandwich that I got- pastrami on rye- was pretty good.  They PILE on the meat.  It's slightly obscene how much meat they put on there, I actually had to eat some meat before putting the slice of bread back on to eat it as a sandwich.  They also don't put anything on the sandwich like coleslaw or anything (which they should) so you're literally getting 2 pieces of bread around a mountain of delicious meat.  That could be a good or a bad thing- the taste was good, but I wish they'd do something else besides meat- make it more authentic, add some coleslaw or SOMETHING to it.Needless to say, the place deserves 4 stars for the sandwich. 1.5 stars for the price and trying to prison rape my wallet and 3 stars for friendly staff and service.  So that's why I give 4 stars because I can't complain about the price- it's fuckin' vegas, and the food was good. If you're trying to ball on a budget, go somewhere else.. or rather.. pay 10 bucks more and get yourself into the buffet if you're wanting some more bang for your buck.
2	Overpriced, over-portioned and bland dishes.  Wish we'd gone somewhere else.  Like one of the other reviewers, I got the corned beef and it was lacking in flavor.  It was probably the weakest corned beef sandwich I've ever had.  On the upside, our server was great.
4	This actually is a real deli, thus the prices are high, but in a way you get what you pay for. These are real deli sandwiches, piled high with good quality meat.  We had breakfast and everyone enjoyed their meal.  I had the cheese blintzes, and they were some of the best I've had.  This Jewish boy from Los Angeles never had them deep fried.  They were so lightly deep fried, and they kept their crisp.  Very delicious.  Overall, I enjoyed and would return if I stay at The Mirage again.
4	Carnegie is probably my favorite deli anywhere, but they lose a star at THIS location because the pastrami was a little dried out.  Still tasted great, but it was a little bit dry.  I have no clue if they get the exact same meat as in New York.  Not sure how that works.  My husband and I were smart......we SPLIT a pastrami sandwich, and it was perfect.  They give so much meat, so we were definitely full.  I had ordered a side of coleslaw to go with it, and it was pretty darn tasty, too.  Cheesecake is STILL divine.  My children got the Woody Allen, which was a RIDICULOUS amount of corned beef AND pastrami together.  I raised them to know that rye bread goes with pastrami, but I failed somewhere because they ordered this on wheat.  I won't tell my dad.  LOL.  Naturally, they didn't come close to finishing, and we, of course, couldn't put the leftovers in our refrigerator because of the stupid cost per ounce to hold things in there.  Don't get me going on that one.  Certainly not Carnegie's fault.  I was happy to learn that all the leftovers are not wasted.....they get fed to a pig farm.  Interesting !!!  This place is ONE redeeming factor for the Mirage Hotel.  Yes, prices are steep for a sandwich, but it's a deli, and that's what they do..........plus, you get more than your money's worth of meat.
4	After spending a long weekend working a convention at the Mirage and eating at the Carnegie MANY times I'm still ready to go back.In terms of affordable eats in the casino, you're kind of screwed. There's not a food court to speak of so you're not going to get a burger or slice of pizza. But if you're prepared for it, hit the deli. You'll be looking at about $16 for a sandwich, but for the money you'll either be stuffed for the night or you'll have food for two days. Couple that with sides that are great; potato pancakes I would push an elderly woman down a well for..It's not cheap but holy fuck is it worth it..
1	When I 1st came here, I couldn't believe how gigantic the sandwiches were. The "Reuben Sandwich" and the "Woody Allen" were so big that there was no way you could finish it in one sitting. Eating the Reuben at Carnegie was like a 12 round boxing match; you needed stamina, endurance, and the will the go on. Times have changed. Today, I finally got to meet one of my Dad's old military friends. They became friends in the early 1970s, but lost contact after they were discharged from the marine corp. The old man mentioned to me that he grew up in New York and that he is Jewish. I immediately told him about "Carnegie" and he was elated at the idea of eating one of those gigantic sandwiches. I googled the "Carnegie Reuben" and "Woody Allen" to show him the pictures and next thing I know he had sent me to the Mirage to buy him some good Kosher Deli. I really wanted to please the old man because my Dad had been telling me stories about him since I was a kid...but, unfortunately Carnegie didn't live up the hype. It appears that Carnegie is cutting corners now. The Sandwich was only about 1/2 the size of what it used to be. Back in the old days, you weren't able to fit the sandwich in your mouth due to it's practical-joke oversized gimmick. We both finished our sandwiches in less than 5 minutes. He looked at me like I was some kind of idiot and told me: " you don't know what real kosher deli  is". It was a drag letting the old man down.
5	Tucked inside of the Mirage Hotel is one of the best New York delis ever!! I have always wanted to try Carnegie but yet to make it out to the east coast! Minh and I needed some food in our bellies for a night of drinking. The take-out line was kind of long as we waited to place our order. After looking over the menu and waiting our turn, it was time to order. Now this is not just your typical deli where your sandwiches are on the smaller side. This deli packs on the meat, which means these babies are freaking huge, more than enough to share! We ordered the: Turkey Sandwich- Turkey, tomato piled high .You put the condiments on when you get the sandwich.Found a comfortable spot outside of the restaurant (well actually it was the outer lobby and it was on the ground but heck I was sneaking in a couple of sip of my drink that I had)!!Our friends joined us a moment later with their food as well.  People watching is a must here (it was NYE so the place was hopping). After putting a little bit of mayo on my bread, I realized that my mouth could not possibly go around this huge sandwich. Darn, I had to disassemble it and eat it. The turkey was tender and not dry the mayo made it that much better. I was half way finished when I just couldn't possibly fit anymore into my small tummy. Handing it on over to the boyfriend was the best idea ever! As he was more than happy to finish the last couple of bites of my sammich.The prices are a little high here but just think about it, you get a lot of food for your money plus you can always use your "M" life card and get points!!!!
3	OPEN 24/7!  Stopped by here after we came back from Marquee & changing in the room.  Not much I remember really of this place since I didn't order anything & was dozing off at the table.  Seated fast, food was brought out fast, the portions looked big, and our waiter was nice.  It must have looked like some of us were drunk so he asked us if we needed bread.  The pickles were okay, some didn't really look fresh though I still ate them, haha.  I tried a little of my friend's corn beef hash which had a lot of meat.  I don't think anyone was able to finish their meal, the portions were so big.
3	It is good, but I am from New York and this is NOT Carnegie Deli.
3	Pastrami sandwich was great - just like NY.  The pickles were different.  Larger & not as tasty.  I also had a slice of carrot cake.  It was delicious.  Cake part was a little dry, but that frosting is wonderful - made the whole thing.  Prices were crazy.  $35 for a sandwich, slice of cake & soda.
4	This is the real deal deli.  Sandwiches packed miles high and great pickles.  Yes, they are expensive, my breakfast sandwich and drinks came to 20 bucks, but the thing must have weighed over a couple pounds, it was crazy huge!
3	The pastrami and corned beef sandwiches were mehhhh, okay. Everything was kinda dry and even the pickles didn't seem fresh and crispy. Portions are big, the service was good, and it wasn't hard to get a table so it was okay.Katz's Delicatessen in NYC is way better! The meat makes all the difference.
4	Our server, Katie, was very nice.  As much as I wanted to try one of their sandwiches, we went in just to have some dessert before our show.  Hubby's banana cream pie was delicious and HUGE, and my chocolate mouse cheesecake combo was awesome.  Sooo much food that I couldn't even finish my slice, as much as I wanted to.  We would go back!
5	Yo Yo Ma!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! quoting  Cosmo Kramer, wow this place is good !!!! Simple ingredients  leads to extraordinary food .Got the hot pastrami ($16.99) ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zU9w_xRlQSRIYXxGo-HSOA?select=Ygbcx4XVrl-vM00FWzUvGw    )  Just literally  meat and bread wow so tasty and massive!  Each bite of this well prepared sandwich was excellent , also comes with some fries . Every other bite shot on some of there house mustard and bit into one of there delicious pickle's wow .(  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zU9w_xRlQSRIYXxGo-HSOA?select=wK0pKc-hPxZfS7BOOySDeQ ) Left this facsimile  of a N.Y deli with my belly extended and a nap to follow.
5	HELL YES ! Are you kidding me ? Don't even finish reading this review.. if you are in Vegas and you haven't been to Carnegie's .. You are crazy ! The biggest, most delicious sandwiches on planet earth ! Don't try to finish this on your own unless you haven't eaten for a few days ! The must try is the "Ah, there's the Reuben" ..best freakin Reuben ever. Pilled high with rye bread, pastrami, a ton of kraut, and about 6 slices of swiss cheese melted on top. Russian dressing on the side for dippin ! Mmmm Mmmm Good ! Share it with a Kinish and you have my favorite meal. Don't forget the complimentary pickles to start ! Winner winner pastrami dinner !
3	Attractive venue. Other than a great hostess the service was nothing to rave about. Seemed a little half hearted. Food was great tasting and loaded high but had to doctor my bacon and egg sandwich with ample dressing as it was quite dry. Prices are what you'd expect for a casino restaurant; too much. For my sandwich and a miniture bottle of water you'd usually get free while gambling on the floor, I paid nearly $20. Simply put, if you're looking for an experience, this is not the place.
5	i love corned beef and pastrami sandwiches. i had my share of them at a lot of different places and thought i had some great ones. but this place has the best by a long long shot. we ate there twice during our recent visit to vegas. the first time we shared the woody allen, which is corned beef and pastrami. its a big sandwich and is more then enough for two. the second time she ordered a hamburger, which she said was one of the best ever. i got the corned beef with fries and the red peppers. i was happy with all of it. the peppers are great, its spicy, yet it has taste. its expensive but thats fine when its the best. when we go back to vegas this is a must visit again.
5	The best corned beef sandwich I've ever had...get it with Swiss cheese!
4	A useful and tasty simulacrum of the real deal in New York.  Then again, when you want an a$$load of pastrami, what is reality and what is artifice?  The pastrami and the corned beef are here are real.  The mustard is real.  The pickles are real.  And they are good.  Really captures the vibe of the original, despite being smack dab in the middle of the hotel.  Grass really can grow in the desert, people.
5	Oh hubba hubba.  I love Woody Allen.  I ain't no teenager, or female, but who gives a hoot - - you go the Carnegie Deli, you get the Woody Allen. This was my best dining experience in the Mirage, and in Vegas overall, a deli sandwich piled high w/ corned beef and pastrami, with spicy mustard and 2 pickles.  Yeah, that simple.  First time I've ever had a sandwich where I needed more bread.  I got it to go, and while I waited I was staring at their awesome display of decadent desserts.  Oh geez, thank God I didn't have more time here, the pies and offerings looked so fabulous. It's massive, it's tasty, it was authentic, and it was nothing less than spectacular.  You'd be selling yourself short if you didn't stop by here.  I spent a summer in NYC a while ago and this definitely brought me back.  So nostalgic.  My co-worker grew up on Queens Blvd, and he was smiling ear-to-ear after his Woody Allen experience.  And here I thought he won at the Craps table, but no, it's due to a sandwich. It's 24/7 here too, what a bonus, now what more do you need?  Oh sure, a young hot waitress spreading on the spicy mustard on for ya.  Awww yeah.
2	Food was good, service slow, overpriced..There were 8 of us there, and we ordered four meals to split....Pastrami Sandwiches and Fries... No Alcohol, and our bill was 157.40..Like the food, but will not go back for that..
3	Giagantic portions....much too much food......$50 for two sandwiches and a drink....much too much money
4	The sandwiches are delicious!  Don't forget the cheesecake.
3	The corned beef is delicious but to get it on one of their mile high sandwiches is just silly.  I ordered one with corned beef, smoked turkey, swiss cheese and coleslaw. The individual parts were very good, but as a sandwich it ends up becoming a waste when you try to deconstruct it. The corned beef hash is amazing. Potato cakes are strange - they almost have a hint of sweetness which was a turn off for me. Coleslaw is delicious. French fries are on the better side of standard, but you get a gigantic plate as an order - easily enough for three people to share.Lines are long and service is slow so be prepared.
3	We ate breakfast here mostly although on my last day I did try one of their enormous take out sandwiches which was excellent apart from their choice of Turkey. I assumed it was Turkey but it could have been hamster, rat or pigeon for all I knew. It's not difficult to roast a turkey and slice it up but it appears that "manufactured" and perfectly circular Turkey slices is the way to go at this venue.Their egg and bacon breakfast sandwich was without doubt the best thing on the menu, I had that several times over the course of my stay. Service in the morning can be patchy so be warned, on several occasions we had to prompt them for coffee refills and things they had forgotten.This is certainly one of the cheaper breakfast options to eat in the morning if you don't want to go and pig out in the all you can eat "Cravings" buffet.
5	Went here for lunch during the week.  There was no line and the service was great.  We got a latke, the "Woody Allen", and salami sandwich.  It was all delicious and I would definitely return.
5	Like I died and went to NYC! Former BKLYN girl who's been living in Fl. way too long is in shock to find a Carnegie Deli at the Mirage in Vegas! And the timing was perfect. We had just finished seeing Love, and were absolutely famished. Only a few steps away we see Carnegie. Was I dreaming? Finally, I was getting lucky in vegas! Lucky again; no wait for a table. And lucky one more time; a great waiter AND he was from BKLYN! A corned beef sandwich just tastes better when served to you by a guy with a Bklyn accent. Not even bothering to read the menu, we order a corned beef sand. Full well knowing the size, we decide to share one. That's the only way to save room for the strawberry cheesecake. I expected the food to be great, and it certainly was. What I did not expect was how completely authentic it was. Down to the half sour pickles on the table, and the chocolate eggcream! Carnegie came through with a perfect copy of their original; way to go! Yous are the best!
3	We got the strawberry cheesecake here...I have had it before, and as good as it was this time, it wasn't nearly as good as times in the past. I feel like if a piece of cake costs 13$ it should be pretty incredible...maybe I built it up too much in my head...I miss the Carnegie in NYC
4	Huge portion. Delicious food!
4	Not sure why the 3.5 star rating on this place! i only had it once with an hour wait inside the Mirage hotel. Me and the wife got freaked out when we saw the sandwiches they had! I guess this is how its done in the real city "New York" So we waited. Almost had to walk out because we were so hungry yet the two couples in front of us in their mid 60s said Please wait its well worth the wait!! Come'on they knew what they were talking bout. We waited and finally got our seat and ordered their famous Pastrami and tongue with Fries and a pickle. The wife had the same. And Oh My God we seriously couldn't finish them Not even 1/2 of the sandwich. Listen am known to always walk out the winner as in finishing up my plate but wow couldn't this time. Well worth the money $20 and you get the biggest sandwich in Vegas! Reason we really never went back, I hate waiting for my food and especially waiting in line. its always BUSY! So be ready to wait. Hey over all seriously it can be worth the wait at times!
4	After a long night of drinking and dancing, my friends and I were starving! We decided to go back to our hotel, which is at the Mirage to find any decent priced foods.  Luckily we came here and settled for the specials-the steak and eggs for 10$. Having steak and eggs two nights before at Bills for 6 dollars I thought 10 dollars was a bit overpriced. However, the food came put bigger and a lot better!! the steak was cooked perfectly. Just wish there wasn't as much fats on the steak, but for 10$ .. im more than satisfied !
3	Wholly mounds of meat, Batman!  Carnegie Deli is a casual deli located in the Mirage on the Las Vegas strip.  The friend who recommended Carnegie warned us that the portions are huge and she was NOT joking.  The sandwiches are mountains of meat that can easily feed a small country.We had the Brisketball, which is topped with turkey and brisket and the Woody Allen which is topped with pastrami and corned beef.  Each was absolutely delicious.  Plus, Carnegie has a wonderful spicy mustard that complements their sandwiches well.If you're eating at Carnegie be sure to come hungry and bring some friends because these sandwiches are not for the faint of heart.  My only regret is that was too full to try one of their cheesecakes.
4	Their deserts are perfect.  The amount of meat in a sandwich is crazy.  So they are always busy so the service is slow.  Went for a quick bite at 11pm and they were still packed.  Worth the wait.
1	The Carnegie Delicatessen & Restaurant is an overpriced place to eat located on the main floor of the Mirage hotel.  As I was coming home from a night out on the strip,  I decided to grab a late night snack to take back up to my room.  I went with a pastrami sandwich on rye, which turned out to be a vacation changing mistake. The sandwich came with a lot of meat and tasted okay, but it was definitely not worth the hefty price.  A few hours after eating the sandwich I was extremely sick, and remained sick for almost two days strait.  I was hardly able to eat anything during my remaining time in Las Vegas, and my sickness made it difficult for me to enjoy the final day of my vacation.  I will not be easting at the Carnegie Delicatessen & Restaurant again, and will look for better food at a more reasonable price the next time that I am in Las Vegas.
3	Way toooooooo expensive.  The plates weren't exceptional or exceptionally large. The cheesecake was good though.
2	A  quick look at my photos from my dinner at the Carnegie Deli will show just how very far this place is from New York.I'm not a huge fan of Pastrami sandwiches as big as my head.  I'm sensitive to salt, so long ago said goodbye to massive amounts of processed meat.  A few slices at a time?  Yes, please.  The sandwiches at this restaurant each hold more than a year's worth of lunchmeat for me.  What I love are pirogue and blintzes.  Love them so much that I served pirogue on my wedding buffet, each of them hand made by my elderly Polish neighbor.  Blintzes bring me back to childhood, leaning past my grandmother's elbow as she flipped crepe after crepe.  When she died I inherited the frying pan that she used to make the crepes for her blintzes.  I realize that these childhood experiences might make me pickier than normal, but I am also lenient.  The blintz pan hasn't been used in years, and I buy my pirogue in the freezer section.  Unfortunately, Carnegie Deli also buys their pirogue in the freezer section.  I suspect that they buy larger portions than I do, but these tasted nothing like homemade.  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=wxwEK9cfsowGRcjiYv3KSQ&userid=dyEc-BsP_qPzIWyiMW0BPw They were deep fried, and bland.  I was so thankful that I had thought to ask for onions, because they were not served as a standard part of the meal. I'm so sorry that they were what made me happiest in my dining experience.The blintzes were an abomination.  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=qp0F6LQ3Z8tRUnLXqFKrYw&userid=dyEc-BsP_qPzIWyiMW0BPw Deep fried and filled with what can best be described as pancake batter blended with cheese bits.  It was truly awful, and had nothing to do with an actual plate of blintzes.  And finally the only almost bright spot (at least color wise!) in my meal, the stuffed cabbage.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=O_wCcHuL0WxqEVM2Ab5uyw&userid=dyEc-BsP_qPzIWyiMW0BPw  This was not awful, but was not wonderful.  The sauce was far too sweet, but was tasty enough.To add insult to injury, the bill for my portion of dinner was nearly $30.  I ate as much of it as I could, but left at least as much behind.  No need to complain, because there was no quick remedy for what was wrong.  I do have a firm resolve to stear clear of"New York STYLE" delis for the foreseeable future.
2	There's a lot of meat here. I was never a big fan of deli food but this place is open 24 hours a day. I got the open faced ruben sandwich, which was really a big mound of meat covered in cheese with two slices of bread on the bottom. It was quite good, but It was also extremely expensive. Something like 25 dollars or a bit less? And this doesn't come with any sides, just a big mound of meat.Pickles come before the meal.
5	my pastrami and corned beef omlette was delicious! i will be backwish the prices were cheaper but it was damn good foodlove the free pickles
3	If your idea of a great sandwich is two pieces of rye bread and a pound each of corned beef and pastrami, you'll love Carnegie deli.  The meats are lean and tasty.  But that's all that I can say that's good about Carnegie.The problems include: sandwich was dry, ambiance and service is "New York casual", which is not meant as a compliment, and it takes a while to get your food.  But you get a lot of meat for your money, and no one can say Carnegie Deli pretends to be much more than what it delivers.
3	A-OK...  The good.......Very tasty, big portions, traditional Jewish fare, to-go counter or table service.  Artery clogging yumminess. The bad....kinda pricey, very slow service...wallet emptying boredom.
1	The only reason I can think of for these 5-star reviews of this restaurant is that people were DRUNK when they wrote it. This deli is by far the most OVERPRICED and HORRIBLE food I have ever eaten.  And I am from Los Angeles where we have EXPENSIVE DELIs.  Their Matzo Ball soup tasted like dish water, and their corned beef was COMPLETELY dry.  They charge $16.99 for a lousy corned beef sandwhich with NOTHING on the side, and they have the audacity to charge you a $3.00 sharing fee on top of it.  $20 for a lousy sandwich with nothing on the side.  Even in Beverly Hills, I can get a sanwich and french fries for $15.   NEVER AGAIN!
4	Rye and Woody Allen (corned beef and pastrami) - 20 bucks for an 8 inch high Everest of slim sliced beef between two pieces of store quality rye bread. Having had Katz's in Manhattan, I'd say that their pastrami on rye is still the winner. But, when in Vegas, Carnegie is a pretty decent substitute. Complimentary pickles (3 large, mostly dill and butter) were a nice touch. So was the iced coffee with free refills: almost a good deal when on the Strip; "only" $3.50 for an approximately 20 oz glass. Table also has squeeze bottle horseradish sauce.Open 24 hours; slow service. Probably the best perk of them all. If you want to save room for dessert (which is suggested if you like huge cheesecakes and black and white cookies!!), split your sandwich for $3 extra. To go bags were good enough for the plane. Other noteworthy interesting menu items: lettuce and tomato sandwich; breakfast items; bagels and fruit cups for lighter appetites; grilled cheese for vegetarians (but no veggie sandwich); pretty much, the usual large assortment of items on a typical New York deli menu.
2	So Disappointed =T sigh Ordered the Hot Pastrami sandwich came out a tiny bit warm. The meat was a lot stack up but it was a lot of left over pieces. All tiny bites put together. There was no one big piece. sigh. The meat was very dry and overly salted. I was so upset. Paying for a $16.99 sandwich and it was nothing like what it should have been. Also if your sharing it's an extra $3.00 bucks when dining in.Get it to go and sit in the sports area for free when sharing lolzMiss NYC Hot Pastrami from KATZ, still the best for me.
3	If you've been to Carnegie Deli in NYC, then there will be no surprises for you.  The food is consistent, the portions are huge, and the decor is exactly the same.  The prices are a lot higher though, and they charge you a fee for sharing. Really?  We had dessert too, and it was pretty bad.  The chocolate mousse pie was really dense and heavy, so not the the consistency of mousse one would expect.
4	Excellent food and service. Sort of pricey. Would return again.
3	Props to being open late at night, and awesome portions, but mediocre food.I paid 18 bucks for a corn beef sandwich. Likewise for my buddy who paid the same for a mediocre pastrami. My other friend ordered steak that tasted like something you get in a military MRE. Anyways; avoid unless you're desperately hungry like we were. Oh btw, the waitress was excellent, great service!
5	My husband and I went here twice on our Vegas honeymoon we loved this deli so much! The manager was so personable and we chatted him up about football, food and being newlyweds! The food is phenomenal and literally made us come back the next evening before our Ron Show. If you are looking for a fun atmosphere, something a little different than a buffet, best deli food ever and great friendly staff this is a must check in!
2	$30 BREAKFAST.  I nearly flipped a table.  If you are seeking a pastrami sandwich the size of your head, the option to add tongue to your omelet, or a $3.50 side of cream cheese, you may like it here.  Cheesecake craving?  This is your spot.  Other than that, I can't recommend going here for a normal breakfast unless you really just can't stand to be three feet away from that slot machine you were lovin' on.  It took forever to get my food, which was terrible, except for the bagel, which was decent until I realized how much I'd paid for it.  There was mass confusion upon trying to pay the bill.  I really only needed a caloric base to continue a several mile walking tour of Vegas, and should have just ponied up the cash for a buffet somewhere, which would have been way cheaper and probably much better.  I think I ate about 20% of my plate and spent more than 20 minutes trying to get the heck out.  Keep walkin'.
3	Went for breakfast, specifically to order lox bagels.  My husband and I each ordered one at $22.99 a plate.  We should've split it.  SO MUCH LOX.  It was delicious, and fun to literally eat as much lox as possible.  But neither of us finished it.I heard the corned beef sammiches were equally awesome and huge.There is a charge for splitting a meal.  I would consider getting an order to go to avoid this.I know going into Vegas that I'm going to pay way too much for my food, but this was a little over the top at $50 for breakfast for two.  But I can tell you will enjoy the heck out of that overpriced meal!!
1	i had an aweful experience at this place.  First, my boyfriend's food came out before mine.  and 10 minutes later, after my boyfriend was almost done eating, my food still hadn't come out.  All I ordered was the grilled cheese.  when the waitress realized, she told me my hamburger was on it's way.  I had to correct her to tell her I ordered the grilled cheese and not a hamburger.  When she finally brought my food, she told me that the grilled cheese had come out, but she didn't see a tomato in it so she didn't think it was mine.  Funny, why would she then say my hamburger was on it's way?  Another issue is that she kept saying she'd get me more water after I told her numerous times I ordered an iced tea.  I can understand if it was super busy and that's the reason why she was making mistakes, but it wasn't.  Also, it cost over $40 for a turkey sandwich, grilled cheese with tomato, sparkling water (no refill) and iced tea.  If you're gonna charge customers that much money for a freaking sandwich, then at least provide some sort of service.
3	Throughout my stay in Vegas I came here twice, and they were both for breakfast.  First time I came here I ordered a tongue omelette sandwhich. I know for a lot of you you're probably thinking "ewwwwww what!?" well think again! you can never go wrong with "you never know unless you try it". It was pretty good! pile stacked between 2 slices of rye bread, it so soo big I couldn't fit it in my mouth. Sandwich was smokin' hot when I first bit into it. As for the tongue part, it looks like thinly sliced pastrami and it's quite tasty. You can never go wrong of new things when you have the chance to. Service overall was realllyyyy slow.  2nd time I came here, I only ordered a bagel with cream cheese. The Bagel didn't exactly taste like a bagel, tasted more like an english muffin. As for the cream cheese it wasn't so great, but at the same time I'm just spoiled with my Philidelphia cream cheese...BUT! the service was fast, I was eating with a few other people too. When you order a drink you get a size option for small or large. Well they really mean it, small is really small and the large is really large.. yeah you get the picture they don't have anything in between by the way!
4	As soon I found out we would be staying at the Mirage, I had my heart set on hitting up the Carnegie Deli.Right after we arrived, I walked up to the to go counter and ordered the Woody Allen. This sandwhich was HUGE! After carrying it back to my room, I felt like I had just done some high intensity reps at the gym.Don't let the $20 price tag scare you. It was worth every penny.Service was a little slow and rude but hey it's a New York-style deli. What else would you expect?
1	After playing poker at the Mirage for 4 hours (and winning a little money) I headed over to the Carnegie Deli to get some food. The hostess sat me and I waited, and waited, and waited and then waited some more.Literally 15 minutes went by (I checked my watch when I sat down) and not only did nobody ever come to take my order but nobody even came by to say they would be right with me. Absolutely pathetic. I saw 2 different servers working the floor that night. Not only were they both moving with the speed and enthusiasm or your typical DMV employee, but they never even bothered to look in my direction.After the aforementioned 15 minutes I got up and went to another restaurant in the Mirage.From looking at the menu, which I obviously had plenty of time to do, I can tell you that aside from the horrible service, this place is highly overpriced.I will not be giving them a second chance.
3	Been here several times....   Place is in a great location right off the Casino floor in the Mirage (near the closest walkway to the Strip).    Their sandwiches are huge and will set you back about $20, so I recommend sharing one w/ a friend.    I have had both the corned beef and pastrami (as well as the Woody Allen which contains both).  Out of everything my favorites are the corned beef sandwich and the reuben covered in cheese.  Make sure you ask for the free pickes and put some of the deli mustard on your sandwich.   Their fries and potato pancakes are both really good.    Would give it 4 stars if I hadn't had much better corn beef and pastrami at Deli's elsewhere on the East Coast
3	Ok, so they nickel and dime you for everything. Want a tomato or grilled onions? That'll be an extra $1 for each. Adding turkey to a $13 BLT causes it to become a $25 club sandwich. However, my grilled cheese with tomato and grilled onion was very good with plenty of tomato and onion. So, I don't really mind the extra charges. Also, the portion of fries was huge! Only one order for 6 hungry, drunk girls who know how to eat!  What more can you want from an open all night restaurant in the mirage? I'd go back for another grilled cheese!
4	Very good breakfast and lots of food for the price! Actually, it was too much food. Because honestly, breakfast isn't one of the meals I want to get a take-out dish for. It hurt me to leave the unfinished eggs, homefries, and toast at my table.The price is more than I wanted to pay for breakfast but I sucked it up since I was in Vegas.  *sigh*
3	Went to the Carnegie twice during our stay at the Mirage. Went in for "dessert" one night. Ordered the cherry cheesecake. The cheesecake was pretty good, but it would have been better if they'd poured fresh cherry pie filling on top when ordered. Unfortunately, it was like a fruit rollup.  Returned for breakfast (it's hard, but not impossible, to screw up breakfast). Eggs, bacon, potatoes & toast - all good. Wait staff seems bothered to have to serve you. They avoid eye contact so it's hard to get a refill on coffee or water.
4	It is not as good as the New York one. That is a fact. That said, this New York girl went for the nostalgia and guess what? It fit the bill. The servers dress like the NY ones; the menu is darn near identical as are the to-go bags. The pickles on the table are 100% authentic.True, the matzoh ball soup was dismal but the Jeff's favorite - a potato knish topped with pastrami and swiss -- hit the spot and was made better by the authentic deli mustard on the table.Cons: The people next to us putting MAYO on their pastrami sandwichBad matzoh ballsPositives: NY vibe. Homey feeling. Effort for authenticity. Pickles! Unlike their NY brethren, they take credit cards! Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
1	When you're highly intoxicated, or at least trying to recover from extreme intoxication, everything tastes good.  That wasn't the case with this place.I ordered a steak with some of their popular corned beef on the side, and I just didn't like what I was eating.A friend of mine said I ordered "the wrong thing" and should've stuck with a sandwich.But what the heck, steak and corned beef?  Isn't that supposed to automatically be good?  Took a to-go box home, and I didn't even pick at it. I left it at the hotel.That's $20 I could've easily used on 100 McNuggets.  Or a cheap escort.
2	Came here a few days ago for my parents anniversary. Not very happy. The pickles were disgusting, the coleslaw was mediocre and watery. The turkey sandwiches were ok. Quality has definitely gone down since I was last here 3 years ago. Our server looked like she didn't care, looks like she just wanted to finish her shift. Prices are way too high. I don't think I will be coming back.
2	Came here looking for some late night grub. We stayed at the Mirage and this restaurant was located conveniently downstairs. I would definitely recommend getting breakfast instead of a sandwich here. Everything is just WAY WAY WAY overpriced and not worth it! At least with breakfast you can get more bang for your buck!Breakfast is served all day I believe but the breakfast menu is only available at the register when ordering. So if I were you, totally disregard the hanging menu and save yourself and your wallet the agony. One thing was the service! I dont know how much you would tip for TO GO, but apparently $2 isnt generous enough? I'm sorry I didnt know you had service all the way up in our suites?! When ringing me up for my food, the rude dude at the register made a comment along the lines of "$2 only?!" as if in disbelief! I asked around my friends what they tipped and some tipped $1 and some none at all?! Excuse me?! I'm sorry but it most places TO GO doesnt require tips because the only service Im getting is you passing the food to me!How about I just give you a pat on the back for doing your job?
2	Hum... maybe I am spoiled by the original location in NY. For this place, I wasn't feeling it.Atomsphere felt more like a Denny's, light seems a bit dim, it was annoyingly dim.Service could be better, I attempted to wave a waiter/waitress/hostess down to get my check, but they seem to all ignore me.Took me about a good 10 mins to finally get someone attention, and additional 5 mins to get my bill.Their pastrami sandwich was just okay, tasted more like a typical pastrami sandwich you can get anywhere.Maybe I came in with too much hope for this place, but at the time we arrive, it was probably a given when there was no line.I should have taken it as a hint that this place wasn't a hit in Vegas.Will I come back? Nope. Will I recommend this place? Nope.Was the sandwich picture worthy? NOT all at.
4	BEASTLY FOOD! The sandwiches are huge! The pie was gargantuan!They give you pickles that are homemade. They grind their own hamburger and cure a lot of their own meats. I've never been to NYC, but I hope the delis are like this!We had a pastrami sandwich and corned beef hash! The matzo ball soup looked really good.Don't skip the latkes!
4	Good, but spendy. I guess like everything in Vegas, bigger is better. We went here never having been to the NY location. I ordered the chicken matzo ball and noodle soup and blintzes, and wasn't disappointed in the blintzes. The matzo balls were great, but the soup needed a bit more substance to it. It was mostly broth (homemade, I think) with matzo balls and noodles. Hubby and the friend both ordered the huge open-face reuben sandwiches. They were delicious, but crazy big. The corned beef was awesome and even though I wasn't sure about it being totally smothered in cheese, it tasted great. We all ate till we were stuffed and walked out with enough leftovers for another meal for all three of us.Service was a little on the slow side, but they were pretty busy. Only other complaint is that the restaurant itself was sort of cramped- the tables were all really close together.
4	This place is fantastic we had the the cormed beef and pastrami Ruben open faced not only is it big enough to share it was one of the best I ever had. Don't forget to order the potatoe pancakes they are great too. The prices per sandwich might seem to be high but there is plenty to share I am a big eater and I found half a sandwich was more then enough,
3	After a long night of gambling and double whiskeys on the rocks, my friends and I stumbled into the Carnegie Deli at around 6:30 a.m.  I ordered a pastrami omelete, almost begrudgingly, because I needed to eat something.  It did not seem like a good combination, but you know what?  It worked, and it was a pretty good omelete.  Of course, I was half asleep and 6 sheets to the wind so maybe I should come back when I have the full use of my brain in order to get an accurate read on this place.
2	I came here for a late lunch while I waited for my friend to arrive from her flight to Vegas. There was a short wait but then I was seated and my drink order taken. I wasn't sure who my waitress was as I wasn't really greeted. The prices here seem really high. It was $9 for the grilled cheese I ordered, and it came with nothing. I thought about ordering fries, but a side was $6! I saw some girls with a huge plate of fries and I didn't want that many anyway. I decided to order a potato pancake instead. It came out first and it was huge. It was burned around the edges and was just ok. The sandwich came out next and it was not done correctly. It was on rye (yuck) when I ordered wheat. It was also tiny for $9 and coming with nothing. I wasn't checked on for my entire meal and couldn't catch the waitress's eye, so I wasn't able to send it back. I needed to get back to the room to greet my friend, so I didn't have time to order another. I ended up just eating the potato pancake. The waitress finally came back and she told me my whole meal was comped, which was nice, considering there was no way I wanted to pay $9 for a grilled cheese that wasn't even good.I saw some of the other sandwiches here, the famous huge ones, and I can't imagine how one would actually eat or want to eat such a thing. You'd have to dissect it and it really isn't a sandwich at that point. Just my opinion.I avoided the place the rest of my stay. Just not my cup of tea and pricy for the quality.
1	The worst deli food ever!!!
3	Slow service...server got friendlier towards the end..you know, when it's time to give your check...TIP!!! Otherwise, my pastrami sandwich was oh so yummy..my husband's sucked, not sure what he ordered, but it had tons of lettuce and I think tomato, not much meat
5	this place was so fun. i enjoyed the fact that it had all kinds of pictures of famous people on the wall. I have never been to New York but i imagine that this deli has very authentic new york type foods.I went 2 times with my husband. The first time we had breakfast and i fell in love with the french toast yumm... My hubby really like the grilled cheese. The next time we went we had delicious hambugars. Plus its 24 hours with good pricing.
3	Arrived and got seated quickly. I had the chicken salad sandwich with lettuce and tomatoes. Too plain, I would've suggest it. If you're going to go here I recommend the Hot Pastrami sandwich. BF had this sandwich and it was delicious!!!! Why did I get the chicken sandwich???? ugh... Anyways.. back to the Pastrami Sandwich. BF loved adding the spicy brown mustard on it for an extra kick. I preferred just a touch a salt and pepper. It comes on this thin rye bread with actual seeds in it (which I liked). Great that it was thin so you can really taste the pastrami. Sandwich is huge and cost $16.99.Hope you can try it. I may try the Woody Allen next time, see what the hype is about. I like pastrami and corn beef so I'm hoping I don't go wrong.
3	I had the brisket and the beef was dry to my taste. My friends had the corn beef and pastrami and overall the corn beef is the best.  Overall, the food is okay.  Not sure i would go back.I still prefer Schwartz and Abbe's in Montreal, Qc.  2.5 to 3 stars.
3	HUGE  and yummy sandwiches at totally reasonable prices for Vegas=4 stars. Crappy/slow service and the seeming inability to organize the seating-ordering-bringing food-paying process=2 stars. Still, given that the food is above average and that this is maybe your best late-night option in the Mirage, I'd recommend ordering at the (very efficient) take-out window and shamelessly going to work on your pound + meat stack in the casino. There's no judgement in Vegas, right?
2	Hubby's sandwich was different and he really liked it.  I had a turkey dinner that was little more than shaved, processed turkey, some flavorless mashed potatoes, and plain steamed carrots.  The kids each had a burger and we spent over $100.  Not a good deal, I would not return here.The extra star is because hubby really enjoyed his sandwich (Ruben on rye).The rest....meh
3	What's the difference between this Carnegie Deli and the other reviews page?I didn't get to try this place in NYC but here in Vegas, you can get any kind of food imaginable from anywhere. Anyways we were stuffed from lunch so we picked up something to go later in the night. One sandwich could easily fill the bellies of two. But since we weren't that hungry, we ended up with some leftovers. Luckily our hotel had a mini fridge and we were able to save some for the next day. We ended up with a pastrami sandwich. I was eyeing their most famous corned beef and pastrami combo sandwich but just thinking of the size of that and at $20, I just couldn't do it. Although the plain pastrami was already $17. Sandwich was fixed up pretty quickly and we were on our way. Oh and we got a choice of breads but  stuck with the typical rye. Man the 'wich was huge. No way could the height of it fit in my mouth.  But wow, really flavorful without being too salty. And moist too. Some fat in the meat too which is bad for my health but makes it takes oh so yummy. A lot of deli's have either really salty pastrami or dry, no flavor meat. This was a good balance. It also came with the necessary (two) pickles and the pickle really helps with a different texture and taste to break up all that meat you're devouring. Wow, not sure I could part with almost 20 bucks for a sandwich all the time but this hit the spot this one time. And you should splurge every once in a while, especially on vacation.
2	The menu was very limited to giant sandwiches of meat with odd combos (tongue anyone?). It definitely wasn't your normal deli you would look forward to. They don't like substitutions and I found it pricey for what they were offering. I ended up getting a grilled chicken with mashed potatoes and their seasonal veggie. The season veggie ended up being all carrots...I thought carrot were a year round thing? It's summer so I was expecting something nice like a squash or a mix of veggies at least. The grilled chicken was ok sized and nicely cooked. The mashed potatoes were steaming hot. What the meal lacked overall was flavor. It was just blah. They needed some spices back there. My friend got the open faced roast beef sandwich with gravy and confirmed the same. It was good, it's just bland. Also, on the sandwiches, unless you order with triple meat, the giant sandwich they bring out is mostly lettuce. So it's really not that much. And the service wasn't that good either. Very hard to catch our waiter when we needed refills or to order. Overall I would not come back to this place. There are so many places to eat in Vegas that are better than this place.
4	The food is good, but damn pricey.  The first attempt of a few of the dishes came out luke warm to cold.  They weren't THAT busy, but they could have done better.  Maybe that's all part of the imported(from New York) ambiance.  I'd go back again, but most likely for a special occasion.
3	The portion size is huge and waitstaff is very efficient.  Food however, is bland at best... Even the pastrami which they say is a specialty.
4	Consider this mostly to be a novelty sandwich place. You're looking at $20+ for the large sandwiches.One tip I have is if you do get the large sandwich, make sure you have at least 2 different kinds of meats because it sure gets hard to eat after a while, especially since the taste of the meat gets old real fast when it's the same thing over and over again. My recommendation: corned beef and beef tongue.The other tip is to maybe just split the sandwich with someone else, but be aware there's a $3 sharing fee associated with that.
5	See now I know people are crazy.  OK This place is expensive, you are going to pay about $20 for a sandwich that is entirely too BIG and too expensive, but here's an idea SHARE IT :).Ask for pickles before you start eating b/c they are amazing. [see photos]My good friend and I always eat here and the one in NYC. We get the same thing every time. Reuben sandwich, extra plate, extra bread -either a potato pancake, fries, or macaroni salad. Extra pickles to start.  We sat down and were greeted right away, drinks were taken, pickles were dropped off. We ate, we drank, we ordered, we asked for more pickles!!!!!Got our food in like 5 mins flat and ate some more!  We shared the bill and we were at like $15 a person with tip. done/easy/ tasty!PS- you can get 'take away' here too
2	We eat at this deli many years ago inside the Mirage Hotel and remember it was really good. With our recent visit I was so disappointed. The server lady had no idea what the soup of the day was. She was kind of nutty in her response and made us feel like she was in a hurry. Much to my disappointment the food was horrible- we sent it back because it was cold. I also found the prices to be out of line with the lack of quality. With so many options in Las Vegas, I would not plan on returning to this place. They nickle and dime you.
5	Pickle Palace is my favorite place. You have no idea how hard it is to find a good Jewish deli here in town.  Ask for pickles as soon as you sit down, then ask for some more, than ask for more and take them back to the hotel room with you. They are that good.  This is the same Carnegie you can find in NYC, minus the fact this one takes credit cards, NYC only cash.Couple of pointers here: you are going to have WAY WAY too much food so make sure you share something.  It is also very pricey [like $25 for a sandwich but if you divide that by 2 =$12.50 sandwich].  This place isn't cheap but it sure is worth it.  My friend and I go here and to the one in NYC and we always get the same thing:  Reuben, extra plate extra Rye bread,  potato pancake or fries [depending on how hungover we are on the hangover scale], Russian dressing on the side, maybe macaroni salad, and ice teas [again NYC charges you for refills even for ice-tea].  You can't go wrong with this, trust me I'm a professional.
3	The only reason for us coming here is for the pastrami.  What was ordered were pastrami hash, woody allen, and pastrami & tongue sandwich.  They gave us some complimentary pickles of various ages.  Good pickles. Portions were large.  On a personal note, I really don't enjoy these types of sandwich.  There needs to be an acceptable proportion of bread and meat, not ALL meat and a bread as an afterthought.  That said, pastrami was a bit dry, cornbeef was good.  Service was excellent.  I would recommend this place though I think the pastrami is a little better at Canters.
2	Not sure if I fully understand what the allure of this place is.  My rueben was actually quite good, and I definitely ate wayyy too much of it.  Decent corned beefed piled high, loaded with melted swiss and flavorful sourkraut, all atop an afterthought of rye bread.  However, everyone elses dish had me shaking my head.  The others in my party had the Woody Allen, the cheeseburger, and a turkey club.  The Woody Allen was little more than what appeared to be two pounds of meat with a couple slices of bread tacked on the ends.  That would be ok if the meat was some of the greatest stuff on earth, but it was far from it.  Dry, dry, dry.  THe corned beef, which was acceptable on the rueben, without the addition of heat is not nearly as good.  When your sandwich consists of a grotesque amount of meat and nothing else, at least make sure the meat is good.The turkey club was piled high with DRY turkey, what appeared to be 80 slices of bacon, lettuce, and tomato.  That was it.  Same as the Woody, if you're sandwich is just going to be a showcase for a pound of deli meat, at least make sure the meat is worth showcasing.The burger was plain and unforgettable, if at least a normal portion at a 1/4 pound patty.For four "sandwiches", two drinks, and one order of cheesecake our bill was $120 without tip.  Can't say I'd ever really feel the need to go back.
1	worst pastrami have ever had. piled high dry as if pre sliced losing all the juices. as far as I'm concerned, there isn't a real deli here in Vegas. they're all put out for tourist trade. If Brent's from Northridge Ca. was here, all the Delis out here would close.If you're ever out in LA Ca in the valley at Parthenia and Balboa, go to the real deal of Delis. You won't leave hungry and the service is incomparable. There are no words to explain the greatness of this Deli.
2	Very bad service. I have friends that work in the Mirage & everyone knows this place is expensive (& they charge $3 if you share). I don't mind paying for great food & service, but this place only offers good food. Took forever to get our drinks, straws, & check. Plus our waitress barely spoke English, which is frustrating.I appreciate great service, because when you experience bad service it dampens the group's mood. I've been here 3 times & it's always horrible service, which I don't understand when it's not even busy.
3	First note: "This place is very, very expensive".  For a turkey sandwich and a slice of cake, you're looking to spend around $35 dollars.  While I do appreciate the fact that they are open very late and are a somewhat cheaper alternative to room service, I'd like to point out the fact that their food is extremely over-priced.During my last outing to Las Vegas, I decided to try this place out.  I got a turkey sandwich ($27 with cheese, lettuce, tomato and onions) and a slice of cake.  When I asked for mustard and mayo on the sandwich, I was immediately told that it would be on the side.  Now, I know this may make me seem like an a**hole, but when I'm dropping close to 30 bucks for a sandwich, the least that you can do is spread the mustard and mayo on the bloody thing for me, not give me a bunch of packs.The sandwich itself was waaaaay too large.  I understand how alluring the 12 inch high sandwich could be, but in reality a sandwich that tall is just too big to eat.  After being unable to bite into the sandwich, I found myself in my room having to break it down into sections and unfortunately I only had 2 pieces of bread for about 2lbs of turkey.My suggestion would be to simply make the sandwiches smaller and charge a lesser price.  I know that some people would like the idea of splitting one, but the problem is that you only get 2 small slices of bread and a couple of pounds of meat.
3	Don't come here expecting the same quality of food as NYC, although the portion sizes and sharing fees look familiar. The sandwiches here are good, but extremely expensive at $25 for most options. The service is hit or miss, great one time and mediocre another. I wouldn't mind coming back as the food is good, but the prices will likely keep me away.
4	Been there more than a few times.... not for everyone. Comically enormous portions. the pastrami & rueben sandwiches are as tall as the plate's wide, the order of fries is best ordered as a community platter. Really exceptional breakfasts also, dynamite french toast... again an enormous portion. Seating is pretty tight though. In our city overloaded with the all-u-can-eat buffets, Carnegie Deli puts more than you can eat on a plate.
2	Bread pieces full of meat, meat and more meat...that is the basics of their sandwiches.  You get all that for nearly $20.  Everything else you want on the side or to drink is extra.I don't know, I guess I don't get the hype about it.  Really, people have not had any better pastrami or corned beef anywhere else...really?  So hard to believe.
5	The pastrami sandwich while 20 bucks is worth it considering the ripoff prices on the strip. At Katz's, Sarge's in NY the price would be a couple of bucks less. A great sandwich, yes, yes, yes
5	Words of advice....share, don't get your own.
3	the woody Allen ? It's pastrami buy the pound no frills Meat with token bread slices .This place is a drunken fantasy in meat adventure . No normal human could eat half a sandwich here without going david hasselhoff  carpet surfing drunken master in the second half .it's A0K for Mirage but if you want something worth yelping goto Canter's Delicatessen at TI (right next door)  for your epic review .
4	My husband and I ate here around 10am on Tuesday morning. It wasn't too busy and we were seated right away. Some guy took our drink order and then we waited quite a while for someone to take our food order. I ordered the eggs with potatoes and a bagel with cream cheese. My husband got a western omelette with cheese. I believe the OJ is squeezed fresh because it was delicious. A large is $7, but no shocker in Vegas.Our food arrived pretty quickly. My eggs were sunny side up, but 2 out of three still had some runny white parts, so I sent them back. They returned quickly and were perfect. The eggs were yummy, the potatoes had great seasoning and weren't greasy at all. My bagel was so tasty and the cream cheese was amazing. I realized I'd probably never had cream cheese that wasn't from Philadelphia's box, so I really enjoyed it. My husband said his omelette was really good and our waitress was very nice, so we were happy. I would definitely go back.
3	***************HIT OR MISS*****************A group of us stopped to eat here since one person in a group recommended it.  If you have never been here it is inside the Mirage Hotel (the hotel itself is very nice).  They give huge portions certainly one sandwich can feed two people and unless you are starving I suggest sharing.  We ordered the borscht, "creamy" tomato soup and chicken liver with onions.  Others in the group order the Reuben covered in cheese (not sure what's it's called if it has a name)....if you're lactose intolerant stay away from that one!!The borscht was pretty good, though they forgot to give me the sour cream.  The chicken liver & onions were very good, though we prefer beef liver.  They were nicely cooked on the outside and the onions sweet and caramelized...ummm delishhh!!On the other hand the "creamy" tomato was more like boiled tomatoes thrown in a blender and a handful of sugar added.  DO NOT recommend this dish.  It did not have a creamy consistency, look or more important taste. The cheese covered Reuben was ok, nothing spectacular just large portions, and they rave about the "deli fries" which were ordinary French fries nothing specially to write home about. Now the cheesecake with strawberries OMG!! ah-mazing!!The service....ehh so so.  I realize that with large groups it's more complicated but a seasoned server should have it down packed and at this point forgetting items or giving us the wrong ones is just not acceptable.  And the only reason why I know our server was season was because a friend recognized her from many times before and she herself said she'd been a food server for decades.  Now as far as the server's assistant (the drink person) she was completely unacceptable.  When we asked about a menu item her solve all answer was "I don't know ask your server!"...humm I'm sorry but don't you work here too?? Or do you eat at the place down the street???  Not to mention that she did not make an effort to find an answer apparently anything other than drinks is above her pay grade!!Also, the prices are a bit steep, for a sandwich I rather spend that money on a good hamburger somewhere else. Overall, it's kind of a hit or miss, really depends on what your order.  So, all I can say is take your chance maybe you'll get lucky.  As far as we are concerned I don't think we will be eating here again, at least not anytime soon.
2	Slow! Slow! Slow!And i wouldnt trust their paging system---was to be paged in 20-25min expected wait time...and after 3 other couples that were in line behind me were seated i spoke up...was given some another 20min wait BS!!After I balked i was seated within 5minz...Service to be waited on was still slow...But when out meal arrived it was fresh., well prepared , flavorful and HUGE!Probably would only go back here for togo ordes...
3	Disappointed  if your sharing it's an extra $3.00 bucks when dining in.
2	Slow and with a service that leaves lots to desire.  Food is not that good either.  My fork was dirty enough to look like it hadn't been washed at all and my wife's french toasts actually tasted like sausage (maybe using the same pans for everything?)Overall, just a "meh" (or even "below meh") restaurant.
3	Of course I had the Woody Allen. Now I think I can't say it enough but this thing was huuuugeeee. I mean wow, it must have been close to 3lbs of pastrami. For 19$ It was almost worth it. If they would have thrown french fries to go with it. I also couldn't believe they charge 3.50$ for Dr. Browns. I have had better pastrami in Vegas, as this one was a little bit too dry for me.
2	I ordered take out. And it took an hour to get my food even though I ordered French toast and my sister ordered bacon. I don't understand why it took so long. I asked the guy at the register and he was pretty unhelpful he just kept saying, your order will be right out. We finally got our order after an hour and only half of it was there. We had to wait a few more minutes before the bacon came out. Although the food was good, the service was pretty crappy.
2	I have eaten here in vegas a few times.  This time the food was not good and service was slow (it was crowded with a line to get in).  I had corned beef and hard salami on rye.   Bread was not so great, salami was brown and tasted old, past its prime.  Corned beef was cold.  I should have sent it back, but again service was bad so i never got the chance.  We had to pay with cash so we could get out.  I'll stick to buying my hard salami in NY at Katz's.
2	Oh this place....  We stayed at the Mirage during our stint in Vegas, and this is the one delicatessen located on site.  We both love deli food and said why not?  First of all - the prices are ridiculous.  Granted - they give you a ton of food, but what does that matter when the quality is below par?Secondly - there was always a long, involved line during peak hours.  The one time I believe we were able to get in and sit at a booth was during breakfast hours while all the party monsters are just going to bed.....ahh Vegas.  Thirdly - the service was dreadful.  The food was bland and took forever.  The server had a meh attitude and didn't exude any helpful or friendly behaviour whatsoever.  Fourth...ly?  Just go down to Fremont Street to find a better deli and dining experience.  Carnegie ain't it, folks.That is all.
1	First off, I hardly write reviews mainly cause 1.) I'm usually too lazy due to food coma after an amazing meal and 2.) most crappy food places isn't crappy enough for me to think it deserves a bad review...but this on the other hand is an exception.1.) Pricey2.) Huge Portions3.) Shitty FoodIt was the biggest shitty meal I've ever ordered. Would've rather eaten the $20 bill.
5	Pastrami is just like the Carnegie Deli on Seventh Avenue in New York except their price is $26 and it is $16. in Las Vegas with the same amount of pastrami. The rye bread is not New York rye. It fell apart while we ate our pastrami. That is all right since the pastrami totally fit the bill for a NYC pastrami.The water, of course, was Las Vegas water. There was a full selection of Dr. Brown soda available, in case I had a desire to drink that. We spoke with the manager for a while and she was nice and was here from France. This place serves all food on the menu 24 hours a day.
2	After any drunken night, I crave soup because it's warm and seems to sooth my mind so I look at the menu and see homemade chicken broth soup and as I look down you can add matzoh balls, golden noodle, or both, so I was thinking....hmm maybe I should just ask the waiter if they have chicken noodle soup, you know the soup that comes with actual chicken, celery, and carrots, the waiter said yeah they have it, and of course, it wasn't. It was pretty much a plate of noodles, and a separate container of hot chicken broth that tasted like the soup you get from instant noodle packets...oh well. My friends opted for their huge sandwiches (even a random customer asked if we wanted some lol) which run for about $20+, now picture you're holding a sandwich, now extend your fingers as far as you can, it's bigger than that, so obiously first instinct you think of, "ya I can probably share this" then you look back at the menu and realize they charge you $3 extra for sharing...lolwat. Oh yeah, extra bread is extra.Other than that, service was good, and they have some pickles for you when you sit down.
4	An ok version of the NYC institution. We have not had a hot pastrami sandwich in a long time so this worked for us. The sandwich was not nearly as large as NYC but plenty for my daughter and I. Taste was good but not as moist as I would have liked. The rye bread was dry. Not close to NYC standards. All told, it hit the spot though!We also shared a bowl of matzo ball soup with noodles. They provide extra broth on the side. Portion, like everything here, was huge. Matzo ball was light and delicious.Expect Las Vegas prices but you will leave satisfied.
2	what's the point of celebrating a sandwich the size of your head when it doesn't even taste good? My boyfriend and I shared the corned beef with swiss cheese sandwich and it was d-r-y. like, the callouses on the bottom of my feet dry. ick.we also got the matzo ball soup, which was $7. while the balls were HUGE, the soup tasted like campbells a.k.a. soup from a can. SO SALTY.There is a $3 fee if you decide to share your sandwich (lame) and for some odd reason, the wait time during lunch is always really long. I did appreciate though, that they text you when your table is ready. that way you can put your name on the list then go gamble away all your money.
5	I literally stay at the Mirage knowing this place is inside (that and I do amazingly well at their Blackjack tables). I grew up in Jersey with access to some of the best diners and delis that NYC affords, so it kills me when I read reviews from people who dont understand the concept, type of food, etc. An authentic NYC diner offers massive portions of meats on bread, does breakfast insanely well but basic, and features a lot of kosher Jewish stuff. I've had everything from the matza ball soup to the massive pastrami sandwich and it's about as good as it can get for being on the other side of the country. Love getting an egg cream and the macaroni salad is spot on. Service for me has always been fine. Will be back soon!
3	We decided to try the famed Carnegie pastrami and corned beef inside the Mirage.  We put our name in for a booth and waited less than ten minutes. Bravo!!!  We sat down and all decided on the Woody Allen, which was a pound of corned beef and a pound of pastrami on two slices of rye bread.  The pastrami was tender and moist , but the corned beef was a bit on the dry side.   We did add their spicy mustard to liven up the meat and tried their whole pickles which were zesty and tasty.  The corned beef was exceptionally lean with the pastrami being on the fattier side.  Nothing to get really excited about, but fun to try.
4	Huge sandwich, loved it!
4	Not a big fan of their matzo ball soup but their pastrami sandwich is delicious!!! A pastrami sandwich comes with 1 pound of meat so make sure you are really hungry or have someone to share it with. My friend came here once before and was a little reluctant to come back since she had a bad experience with her server, but this time, our server was great! They are very busy so be prepared to wait in line.
4	Last stop before our drive back home. And what a good choice it was! My husband and I both ordered sandwiches. He got the Woody Allen and I got the basic pastrami. While waiting for our order we got a small bowl of pickles which I think they make since they tasted homemade. When we finally got our food, both our mouths drop with the sight of these colossal mounds of meat. We added a little spicy mustard and went to town!I would say half a sandwich would get you full. Anything more is way too much. But for 16-21 bucks a piece you will have two meals.. at least. This is a Jewish deli so all the regular Jewish eats are on the menu as well. And of course, top off your sandwich with a Dr. Brown!
4	HUGE pastrami sandwich that two of us shared and still couldn't finish. It must have been 5 inches tall!Delicious and surprisingly lean. Add a dish of fresh pickles and mustard. It is perfection.Highly recommend. If you can, pack the leftovers. You'll wish you had them after a few hours in the casino.The only downside is the smoke filters in and really takes away from the enjoyment of the lovely food. This seems to be the smokiest and unluckiest casino on The Strip.
2	The Skinny: this is a place where you come to get f&*ked up by a massive so-so pastrami, tongue, brisket and chopped liver (2)value: there's a lot of meat but it just ain't that good (2) service: good efficient - gave us extra bread to take home(4)We've always walked past Carnegie Deli in Mirage to get to The Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace. The alluring scent of smoking meat from Carnegie wafts over the whole area and we've been eyeing to try this place for awhile.Not being able to choose, we decided to do a sandwich and did a custom meat sandwich that includes 4 meat choices. So we tried the brisket, the tongue, the chopped liver, and the pastrami. When the sandwich got to the table, it was shock and awe. It was something straight out of Man vs. Food in montrosity. That being said, was even that good?The answer is not really. The brisket is pretty bland while the pastrami is surprisingly tough. The tongue is okay but really needed to be heated up with the rest of the meat-fest. The liver was well seasoned however with this sandwich - there was just too much of it to really enjoy any of it. As for the bread... what bread? It sort of gets lost in the shuffle amongst all the meat. But when you got a taste of the rye, it was rather dry.Our service was okay. She was actually quite nice and gave us some extra bread to take home when we asked for a take-home container.Curiosity satisfied we packed up the remains of our sandwich. It took me and the hubs 3 days to finish that monster. RIP mo-fo... you were one bada&*-kicking Sammy. 2 starred Godzilla sandwich.
4	OMG ! LOOK AT THE SIZE OF THIS ...http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=vQav2Za-QUFo9XPPeyT1Ig&userid=eqiFJ7qkX5dgwgooJ4SdGg... can you even guess what this is ?? Well if you can't tell what it is.. its the infamous.. AH, THERE'S THE REUBEN #13 on the menu and under the heading CARNEGIE GARGANTUAN COMBOS It is an open face sandwich piled high with pastrami, corned beef or turkey topped with melted swiss cheese and sauerkraut. This REUBEN is so humungo that you can't even see the bread under the layers of meat. Amazing !  Good for maybe 3 people ? But i was greedy and ate  half myself and took the rest togo. Here is another delish meal... the Tuna Melt.. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=wEqiDS9FddipHnhCxLk3pQ&userid=eqiFJ7qkX5dgwgooJ4SdGg... not as gigantic as the Reuben but equally good. Simple. Yet tasting. melting cheese over tuna open faced as well. Yummo. Artery clogging meals but good your in vegas.. who care ... :)
2	The sandwiches are GINORMOUS!!! and me and the bf split one of the most massive ones they had listed on the menu... the Woody! I would have to say it looked better than it tasted.  It was just a lot of meat/pastrami in the sandwich and not much else to it.  The pickle that came with it was huge also but had a very strange bitter taste to it (which I didn't care for too much).  The prices are expensive and they do charge for splitting sandwiches, very weird. This place was very over hyped :(.
2	It's supposed to be like the Carnegie deli in NYC.  Not close.  It's located conveniently by the sportsbook at the Mirage and open late, 24 hrs maybe?  Either way, the rye bread which came with Pastrami was dry and uneventful.  The pastrami was good and it made for 2 1/2 meals, when I took it home.  All in all, I would not make an effort to eat here.  Breaks my heart, because I want all of NYC restaurants to succeed here in Las Vegas (Rao's, Bobby Flay's etc..)  I cannot recommend.
5	Four words:  "Ah, There's The Reuben!" Seriously,  enough said... but, alas, it's Yelp, so you know I just have to have more to say.  This reuben sandwich here is at the top of my list of the "world's best sandwiches."  It truly is like heaven on earth... in your mouth.  And you don't have to die to eat it -- yay!  Also, this sandwich is REALLY BIG.  TREMENDOUSLY BIG.  I wouldn't call it a complaint, but I have been fortunate enough to eat at the original Carnegie Deli in NYC... and this location lacks the same vibe and ambiance of that location.  And I would have done whatever was necessary to include this in the New York New York hotel instead of the Mirage (duh!).In summary, as long as they keep on making these sandwiches, then I will keep coming back!
4	Yeah, got the Woody Allen. Took 2 people 3 days and 500 miles later to finish it (Yeah, took it past security and back to SF) LOL. Became a vegetarian afterward for a month. The only downside is the price, obviously. It was expensive, and it was cold cut meat pretty much, so pretty raw, add your own sauce kind of thing. And yeah, they charge you a couple more extra bucks to share?! I don't understand the logic behind it. But, the BIGGEST sandwich I've ever had in my life! I went and tried it just to say that I did. My favorite portion is the beef tongue Yumm. And the pastrami was good, also. I was pretty happy, though it does get kind of tiresome after a while, hence I was so tired of meat afterward. They had a lot of great options on their menu also, so something here for everyone! I like their diner style booths and their pies look amazing. It does feel more like a fast food restaurant than anything, so don't expect anything spectacular. Service was rushed, also, and pretty nonexistent. But this review is for the sandwiches only. I would come back here for hot sandwich, but not the Woody Allen anymore. Just once in my life is enough. Is this place worth the price otherwise, though? Probably not. You're in Vegas, there's a thousand other better food places you can eat for the same price.
4	Carnegie's is located at the Mirage, near the Sportsbook. The front of the menu reads: "Home of the best pastrami and corned beef in town and blitntzes too!"  This may be, but at $17.99 a sandwich it's a hard to swallow the price even for Vegas.What to do in this dilemma? SHARE a sandwich, ask for water, and take your order to go.  Me and my boyfriend shared the corned beef sandwich since we're both not fans of pastrami. Trust when I say, it'll be more than enough: the sandwiches are HUGE. Since the prices on sodas and bottled drinks, including bottled water, were also ridic we ordered regular water. The water cups were given in a normal sized drinking cup with a lid as opposed to the mini sized water cups I abhor. We avoided dining in since the place was packed and opted to take our order to and sit at Sportsbook. I was very pleased that we only ended up paying for the sandwich.Overall the corned beef was good.  They're very generous with the meat, I had to take apart my half of the sandwich and remove some of the meat just to get the sandwich in my mouth. The sandwich was spot on: the corned beef was very flavorful and tender combined with the tangy mustard we asked for on the side. Would I have it again? Yes, but only if I share it with someone!
4	Overpriced but delicious!
5	Like you see on Travel channel about the NY Carnegie Deli.  You tell you self that sandwich aren't that big and good. No lie they are huge and great!   Also I thought there chicken broth soup was the best.  Nice a simple and deep on taste.  Thumbs up from me!
1	If you are stuck in a High End resort hotel you would hope to get excellent service and food.  Well that is not the case at Carnegie.
3	Love the sandwiches, hate the price.  The meats are some of the best you will find, and the sides and desserts are good.  If you are winning (or being comped) then this is probably a 5 star place, but if you are shelling out your own money it is way overpriced.  There are lots of places off the strip that have close to or just as good food, but for half the price.  I seem to end up going here more than I should, so it is very good food, just not even remotely worth the price.
4	Huge sandwiches piled high with delicious meats. Fries came out in a huge mound and steaming hot fresh from the fryer. Each sandwich is pretty expensive on its own, but for a small fee you can split it. We ordered the Pastrami on Rye and it was easily enough for me and my husband to share, and we both left feeling stuffed. All this after driving to the airport straight from work, a long flight, shuttle ride, check in, drop off luggage and 20 minute walk....so needless to say we were HUNGRY! It was a satisfying choice for our first casual meal in Vegas.About $12-$14 per person if you share! And it's open until 2am, so its great late at night also.
4	Carnegie's is located in the Mirage across from California Pizza kitchen and the Sports Book. I've been a regular since it opened almost 10 years ago.Come here for one thing - the sandwiches. They are HUGE and the best real deli corned beef and Pastrami around. In this case it's even a case of the location surpassing the original in NYC. Would be 5 starts except the service can be spotty, especially late night.
4	Who would have thought New York's famous deli would be sitting inside the casino of the Mirage? It is true, smack in the center of the casino across from the Beatles Cirque  theatre sits this spacious spot looking pretty similar, with fast friendly service and an exact menu from the New York original. The selection ranges from all day greasy breakfast to a selection of gigantic open faced sandwiches and some entrees. I opted to order the Rueben which when it was delivered took up the entire plate and was huge! Loaded with cheese and about at least a pound and a half of Corned beef and sauerkraut laying on a large rye slab of bread, this was unreal. It was so large, I could only finish half and it was delicious! Wash it down with a beer and a pickle and it hit the spot with fast enough service and a nice price to hit the show within 45 minutes of being seated this place was a winner!
4	Sweet Lord have mercy. I ordered the legendary Woody Allen--described on the menu as "lotsa pastrami and lotsa corned beef"-and the waitress brought a three-pound behemoth that left uninitiated diners slack-jawed.A couple walked in, sat down one row over. The guy clearly asked his lady, "how hungry are you?" After she gave my beastly meal one of those awkward over-the-shoulder "Doot dee deedle doo I'm not looking at anything behind me" glances, both got up and walked out.Literally a minute later, a manly conventioneer wandered in and sat down facing my six-inch wonder. His gentlemanly ways quickly melted and he beelined for the exit, screaming like the audience in Scary Movie--"SHEEEEEEEEEET!  OH, HELL NO!  UNT-UH!"$3 surcharge for sharing...and sharing will definitely be necessary if you want to finish a monster like mine.As for the quality of the meats? Not bad, not great. Sorta dry. Would I go again?  Yes...but not by myself!On the plus side, it is very easy to access Carnegie from the strip--look for the covered walkway immediately between Caesars and Mirage.
3	Not the real thing, but almost. Overpriced, like most things in Las Vegas, but definitely the best deli in the area.
3	Came here with a bunch of buddies and couldn't believe the prices, even for a deli. That being said, we saw somebody at a table next to us who ordered a sandwich and we realized that you can still over eat by splitting a sandwich. My buddy and I split the woody Allen (pastrami and corned beef) and it was good. Pastrami and corned beef had good flavor and texture. We got a side of slaw and that was nice and crunchy too. the sandwiches are more of a novelty item than a typical lunch sandwich so I don't know if I will be coming back but I enjoyed it.
3	On the second night of my staycation with my brother and dad who flew in from New York, we were up for a New York deli. We decided on trying the Carnegie Deli, a restaurant I must of passed by a thousand times.  Carnegie Deli has the distinction of being one of those restaurants where a nice overpowering deli smell leads guests to the establishment. As soon as I walk in the Mirage I could smell the deli smell beyond BLT, Starbucks,  and the Sugar Factory. The issue is that everytime that I looked at their menu, the prices were overpowering. Today we'd give it a try.  There are two cues for Carnegie Deli. One is for take out and the other is for dining in.   The dining room is spacious.  The restrooms are outside in the casino. Throughout the restaurant are pictures showing the history of Carnegie Deli.   Carnegie Deli has a long history. It was established in 1937 at the intersection of 7th Avenue at 55th Street in Midtown Manhattan.Throughout the years they have received accolades. In 1979, NY Times critic Mimi Sheraton named Carnegie Deli the #1 pastromi in New York City. Years later, in 2009 Dr. Phil gave a shout out that Carnegie Deli makes the best sandwiches later. On March, 26 2013 I am giving a shout out that Carnegie Deli made the thickest pastrami sandwich that I ever ate.   The Carnegie Deli website claims that all of their sandwiches are stuffed with at least one pound of meat. Finishing the pastrami on rye bread was one of the biggest dining challenges that I faced in awhile. Part of the problem is that I am not crazy over pastrami. Especially the $17 price. Carnegie offers other sandwiches that include Corn beef ($17.99), beef or brisket ($17.99), chop liver ($17.99), roast beef ($17.99), turkey ($17.99), bologne or salami ($14.99), shrimp salad ($12.99), and egg salad ($10.99). If I return I will most likely order the shrimp salad sandwich. If they are serving me a pound of that stuff I will up my rating to 4 stars. With the sandwiches are pickles. All three of us shared a bowl of french fries-a grand portion indeed. For a beverage there is fountain Coke or bottles of Dr. Brown's soda.  Carnegie Deli's motto is that if you can finish your meal we've done something wrong. My motto is that when a sandwich costs $17, I am going to finish my meal. Unfortunately I was so stuffed that I passed over trying their renoun cheesecake.  That could be for another time.The Yelp 100. Review 49.
3	Stopped in for a slice of the Cheesecake.  Back home we have Noshville, which tries to be a Carnegie Deli, and they sell this particular style of Cheesecake that my wife loves.We didn't have anything but the Cheesecake, but I did observe a few things.First, the sandwiches are HUGE, easily enough to share.Second, the service is SLOW. Don't come if you are in a hurry, you will only be cross.No complaints though, everyone seemed pretty happy with what they were eating.  I'd stop back in and try a sandwich for sure.
4	Been in the Mirage many times and never ordered more than cheesecake (which is delicious). It was late, and we just wanted a sandwich so we stopped in. We ordered chicken salad sandwich, roast beef and gravy and a hamburger and fries. Servers have a great personality and really hustle. Our order arrived very quickly, hot and looking great! The portion size is HUGE, none of use were able to finish our order. The roast beef and gravy is just like grandma used to make. The chicken salad was delicious and huge. The hamburger was cooked to order, juicy and very flavorful. About a half head of lettuce came on the burger. The fries were good and one order was enough for three to share. Oh, I can't forget, the dill pickles are great!Definitely worth a try. We'll be back, in fact we did go back before we left the city!
4	I've eaten at both the original deli in NY and this one.  You gotta know your not ordering an ordinary sandwich.  In NY he told us if you can finish it we didn't make it right.  Actually you should probably split one sandwich between two people.  The quality of the meat is excellent.  This is the only place i eat pastrami because this is an authentic deli.  The dining area is very basic and not really comfortable but the meaty sandwiches are delicious.
4	Killer Reuben, a must share... We opted for the corned beef pastrami combo.  We also split an order of fries, some of the best, served light, crisp and hot.  Portions are ginormous, we had no room for the Devine looking cheesecake.  Definitely a good spot for late nigh dining.
2	A lot of food for a lot of dough. Ordered hot pastrami sandwich, it was huge, couldn't finish it. The sandwich itself was pretty basic just a whole lot of meat between two slices of bread. Pastrami itself was barely warm, no sauce of any kind just bland pastrami. I should have ordered Ruben, would probably have more flavor.
5	This was awesome!!!For $20 you can get about 100 lbs. of pastrami and corned beef sandwich. This is called the 'Woody Allen'.  I am not sure exactly how big this sandwich was but not kidding it was about 8" high piled with meat.  For $3 charge you can split this sandwich... do it... makes the price reasonable for a sandwich and you would not be able to eat the whole thing yourself.This is the best deal on the strip. Lots of food for a good price.
3	The Carnegie Deli can be loads of fun.  One last hurrah before leaving Vegas on a Sunday.Food portions are massive.  I've yet to see anyone finish one of their mega sandwiches.Corned Beef and Pastrami are pretty good.  Canter's in Los Angeles is better but one would have to be in L.A. for Canter's.
4	Incredible sandwich.  Great Service on the night that I was there.  Will definitely go back.
5	Randomly went here with my best friend while in Vegas. Didnt know what to expect. Ordered a pastrami sandwich. BEST.SANDWICH.EVER. The pastrami was so soft & warm. Everything made fresh.. right down to the pickle. HOLY CRAP. & the portions were HUGE. It was a little pricey $16 for a sandwich but totally worth it considering it took me 2 days to finish the left overs. Please go to this Deli when youre in Vegas. Youd be a fool not to.
4	All I have to say is.. Share!  The sandwiches are huge! I had the beef brisket which came with a side of dipping juice.. I thought it was really good. My husband had the lil abner which was the brisket served open face with gravy and mashed potatoes (but you can get a different side he chose mashed potatoes) again.. the portion was huge! The meat was good on both.. I guess if I didn't have the dipping juice the sandwich would have been boring and possibly lacking but I just didn't have that experience which is why I rated it at 4 stars.  We also ordered fries which came on their own plate and were good portion size.  Pricey? Well we ordered the 2 sandwiches 2 sodas and an order of fries and the bill came out to $60 bucks. I would have been disappointed spending that much since my doggie bag was pointless (there was no fridge in my hotel room) but felt better when I was able to give away my other half of sandwich to a homeless person and her doggie.  Would I go back?  Yes I would... I would probably order the same thing but share it and try some cheesecake.
2	MEH is the word to describe Carnegie. Only came here because we were tired, hungry, and it was inside the hotel. Came here with my cousin for some dinner. No line. Our waitress was super friendly. The two stars are mainly for her. $23.99 for a crappy open faced reubin...ehhh. I got a turkey one and about the only edible part was the turkey. It was slathered with melted swiss and the dressing was served on the side. Sorry. Not a good sandwich. Greek Salad...so-so. Nothing special especially for around $18. It was large though. Enough for two people. Fries were about the only decent part. Nice and crispy. Highly recommended by our waitress. For $50 what a crap-shoot of a meal. We barely ate much aside from some salad and fries. I would not come back here. I know restaurants in Vegas are expensive no matter what/where you eat but seriously. The food was not worth it. Also, the sandwiches or other meals do not come with a side. So that's right...nearly $24 for a stupid tasteless sandwich by itself folks. It's sadly not what you would expect.
2	If you moved to North Alaska from New York and find yourself at The Mirage with a craving for deli, this is your spot.Otherwise it's a ridiculously overpriced poor imitation of a real deli.Lox and bagel for $23.00??? Really???Captive audience with limited choices is the only reason that places like this exist and survive.Stick with the buffet, the food quality is mediocre but at least it's inexpensive mediocre.
1	I would give a zero star review if I could. The hostess and waiter were rude and looked like they thoroughly hated life. My husband ordered a BLT, which was mediocre at best. I ordered the chicken noodle soup, which their menu hailed as deliciously famous. It had no chicken, the noodles were like that out of a Campbell's can, and it was a disgusting neon yellow color. Food should not be neon yellow unless it's been dyed. I refused to even try it. Overpriced, disgusting food and I wish we never went.
3	We had breakfast here, way too pricey since it's in the hotel. We didn't feel like leaving the hotel so we weren't surprised it was pricey, stupid us. It took forever to get the bill. I heard their deli sandwiches are great, so next time we'll try one.
4	I love this place.  Ok, yes the servings are HUGE (so share) but it is seriously amazing!!!Had the sandwich with the hamburger meat and pastrami is was incredible!!!  The fries are fresh and hot.  Also tried a regular burger and they grind their own meat so it also tastes good.  Highly recommend this place, I think they are always open which is a plus, cuz you never know what time you're gonna get hungry in Vegas!
3	PRICEY!!!! Really now... calm down Carnegie.Corned Beef sandwhich is HUGE and delicious, but I felt overpriced.All sides are seperate and your bill will be expensive, for Mels-Drive-In style food.
5	We often frequent the Mirage in our trips to Vegas, and traditionally at least one meal is partaken at the Carnegie Deli.  I love the NY Deli decor, service is great, and this last time we stayed at the Mirage, our Carnegie Deli breakfast was comp'd!  This time I tried the frankfurter breakfast, and it was AMAZING. I have not had a frankfurter like this since the last time I traveled to Germany!  The bagels are great, and rustically toasted on the grill.  It can get busy at times, but even with a long line, they usually are able to seat people relatively quickly.  Their sandwiches are HUGE and can easily be split with multiple people.  I like the high quality ingredients here and it will keep us coming back for more!
1	I have been to the Carnegie Deli in New York and it had the best pastrami I ever tasted.  It was very flavorful and juicy, definitely worth the reputation.  So I was very excited when I saw that they opened on in Las Vegas, which I frequent much more often than New York.  Unfortunately, on top of being ridiculously expensive, the sandwich was extremely dry with no flavor.  I actually split a turkey and pastrami sandwich and couldn't even finish half the sandwich, it was just too dry.  On top of being a very poor sandwich, it costs also $25 before tax and tip.  $17 for the turkey sandwich, $5 to add Pastrami and $3 to share.
1	$3 for Sharing...  What a rip off, we had a sandwich family style and they charged us $3.  We got nothing extra for sharing.  Basically they bring you a sandwich, get an extra plate,,$3...  Its not like they are splitting the sandwich up inside the kitchen or giving you extra bread...  If a Chinese restaurant had that policy, it would be $3 more on every item...  Crazy business practice...
4	Katz, Carnegie, and the late Stage (R.I.P.) - that's my personal pecking order of how the famous NY Delis rate - mainly for their pastrami sammiches. When I was in New York, I went to Carnegie and found it odd that all the waiters seemed to be Chinese dudes. Well, here in the Las Vegas branch of the Carnegie Deli in the Mirage that still was the case - all the male waiters were Chinese. The female waitstaff were a mixed bag. But all of that is neither here nor there I just thought it was odd but amusing. We ordered the Pastrami sandwich and ended splitting one sandwich among two people. The pastrami sandwich itself was very good and juicy. I also liked the salted pickles on the side. But even though we split the sandwich, the portions were still huge and we barely could finish our "halves". I'd highly recommend splitting with a friend - unless you're one of those "Man versus Food" folks and pride yourself on being able to finish food challenges where the portions are ridiculously huge. If you ARE one of those folks, don't forget to stop by the Heart Attack Grill on Fremont later for those octuple bypass burgers with 40 bacon slices and a free trip to Sunrise Hospital.
2	So sad with such good reviews I recently went to carnegie's and  ordered a turkey sandwich which was way over priced ( can you say price gouging ) 2.00 for cheese and 1.00 for veggies on a $ 19.99 dollar sandwich fries and a sandwich was $28.00 dollars not to mention they give you a packet of mustard instead of them making the sandwich ..... I will NEVER  return........ It wasn't worth it !
4	Only complaint I had was they don't offer a combo Pastrami and Corned Beef in any other size than the Two Pounder...Really?  Yeah, their draw is huge Deli Sandwiches and the food was New York Authentic Deli...a bit warm, not hot but they ought to offer healthier portion sizes for those who want it. I wasn't able to order a half or child's size. If you do order, I suggest a take out box that you can give to some poor soul on the Strip to eat like I did.
4	Here's the bottom line:1. Only go if you're hungry - VERY hungry2. Sharing is a good thing3. The staff has picked up a healthy New York attitude4. It's expensive, but you get what you pay forLocated in the Mirage Hotel, this place is great. The pastrami is to die for.  You can't get pastrami like this in any SoCal deli that I've been to. Huge portions, so go with someone that split the sandwich.We went for dinner before seeing Circ d Sole's Beatles' Love. It's about 25 yards from the theater. Seated quickly and treated well. Typical deli menu, which means it's big. Lots of different sandwiches, salads and hot plates. They serve breakfast all day, which in Vegas is a good thing. They are open 24 hours a day, which makes sense as well. Recommendation, get the pastrami sandwich, ask for a couple extra slices of rye bread and split it with someone you (at least) like. You'll be doing them a favor and you can get out of Carnegies for  about less than $20 per person.
3	For some reason I can't find any decent delis with great pastrami in Baltimore. (Note to self: ask around). In Long Beach there's a no name, hole-in-the-wall place on every corner that serves pastrami. Anyway the pastrami was absolutely delicious here. It is rather pricey though. The sides cost extra and they charge to share.
5	The pastrami sandwich is amazing!! Huge
3	I got a turkey on rye - huge sandwich, great meat, crisp lettuce, super fresh rye bread - check.   Got a side of potato salad - hands down the worst potato salad I have ever had, and that includes the yucky kind from the grocery store.  I can't believe they serve this in a bonafide deli and charge you $5 for it?  Half of the potatoes weren't cooked, the others were mush and the "dressing" was like watered down mayo.  The sandwich was pricey too, but it was at least a good quality and a large size that can easily be split.
3	Had two meals here and both were A-OK.  While nowhere near the quality of the NYC Carnegie's or any other 'real' deli, it was serviceable however and showed off the ridiculously huge, albeit pricey, portions that the deli is famous for delivering.We had lunch here one day and they were receptive to my off menu order of a combo pastrami and turkey sandwich.  It was crazy big, to the point that our table neighbors ooohd and aaahd as it landed.  I ate almost half of it and wound up getting the other half to go and giving it to a homeless man on the street.  My son got a bacon and egg bagel sandwich which was equally ginormous and he did a nice job eating most of the thing.We also had breakfast on our last day in town and again, it was pricey, with huge portions and tasty.  If I was only rating breakfast, I would have given this review 4 stars I think.  Service was a little inattentive and gruff but got the job done overall given how busy the place was for both meals.
4	If you're not up for something fancy, and would just be happy with something simple -- this is your place. Love the ambiance of an old time deli and New York attitude. I personally recommend the corn beef. Piled high topped with cheese. YUM!
4	I wish I could give them 3.5 stars.  But, what the heck!  I'll round up.  We came here late one night after watching a show; we were trying to find a simple meal.  Instead, we got a meal that could last us for days.  The pastrami and roast beef : these are meats that I usually find too salty for my palette, but they were absolutely delicious here.  Especially with the bread and coleslaw we continuously requested!  Great service, even when they are busy.  Keep happy and smiling and they will do the same to you.
3	Their pastrami sandwich is awesome not salty at all. The price is quite expensive for a sandwich. The service is almost non existent. The night we were there we were served by a filipino lady. She is border line rude. We probably will order to go next time and eat our sandwiches in our room instead.
4	Excellent! Chessecake was amazing!
3	This review is for take out and dessert only- deep dish apple pie was just fine- really nothing too special when served at a cool temperature. The service was quick and very friendly. I wish that we had bee hungry enough for a sandwich, because they looked crazy! Even our one slice of pie was enough for several servings.
4	Every time I walked past Carnegie, it always smelled amazing. So on my last night in Vegas, I decided to have dinner here. I was greeted by a friendly hostess, took me to my table and handed me the menu. Oh the choices they have. A sweet older gentleman came over and took my drink order. a few moments later my drink arrived and a small bowl of 3 pickles. They do all their pickling there. Th pickles were yummy. Michael S. was a waiter and he was wonderful. I told him that i wanted the meatloaf with mashed potatoes. As I waited for my food to come, I begain to start a conversation with the people seated next to me. while we were talking my food arrived. Now I'm not a meatloaf person. OMG! this meatloaf was wonderfully yummy. The mashed potatoes were divine. I had a wonderful time here and look foreward to returning. Definately ask for Michael S for your server.
4	My Only Issue is the Sandwiches are TOO BIG!  LOL.
3	This deli is something that I would recommend you check out if you have enough time in Vegas. The food comes in EPIC proportions and the quality is good, but the prices are way too high and the staff is not very polite. Don't expect a great service experience
3	Wow.  The sandwiches are humongous, and that's an understatement.  I've been to the real one in Manhattan and was surprised to find that they were alike.  Meals are cheap.  It's a small place, so waiting is the norm if you come here.  Pickles are delicious and are served gratuitously before each meal.  Don't forget their deserts.  Amazing.  I like the Coconut Cream pie.  But pretty much stick with a corn beef or pastrami sandwich; you can't go wrong.
1	I had dinner at The Carnegie Deli on 8/6/13 (check no.5070620; should management need validation).The service was great, the restaurant was clean (and looked much like something you would see in NY), sandwiches and sides were fresh and delicious. The salad inparticular was fresh as it gets. The vegetables were crunchy (great cucumbers). Great rye bread too. I would go back for the sandwiches - because I'm flying out in late August.As far as the desserts go...I ordered the coconut cream pie and my guest ordered the seven layer cake.The coconut cream pie was beautiful, but the flavor wasn't there at all. The pie was starchy (probably from too much corn starch) and lacked that creaminess and 'coconut flavor' that one expects from this classic. I used to make these pies for a resort in Saipan and the right recipe will give you great results every time. It's not a difficult dish to pull off. Anyway, Carnegie's pie lacked so much dimension that I wondered if anyone working there ever stopped to say, "Can we really standy behind this coconut cream pie"? are they testing their desserts? I doubt it.I tried my friends seven layer cake. Way too sweet and VERY dry. I could tell that the cake was either old or it was stored at a temperature so cold that it actually damaged the genoise cake part of the dessert.Carnegie is great for sandwiches and sides, but hey should just burn the dessert menu.
4	So I was really skeptical when i saw the prices for everything. I was like great another overpriced restaurant that will give a normal size sandwich. Nope not at all! I got the hash and eggs breakfast sandwich and an apple dessert and spent $22. The Sandwich was enormous and very flavorful. It held me over until dinner time which made it completely worth its money. I wish I could find something like that around where i live. Keep up the great business.
4	Corned beef sandwich and new york style cheesecake forever! I ate here twice one vegas trip
3	Kinda disappointed by this place. I had been raving about this place before my Vegas trip and was highly stoked when I finally got to try it my last night in Vegas. I should've eaten at the restaurant rather than taking it to my room at Caesars. By the time I got back, my sandwich had become a hot mess.I had the Woody Allen, half pastrami, half corned beef. The meats were ok, but it was nothing out of this world. I had been expecting a plethora of juicy and cured flavors, especially since I'm a big pastrami enthusiast. The experience wasn't really helped by the really high prices. The service was ok, mostly because I think the manager was present and the workers wanted to look like they were busy. All in all, I would probably give this place one last shot the next time I'm in town, because I think it has potential. I'll make sure to dine-in instead. PSDear lady who cut in line in front of me,You're lucky I'm a well-mannered guy and that I don't like to cause a stir. But I sincerely hope you lost all of your life savings and social security money at the slots!
4	Great serving size, actually extremely large serving size. The smallest sandwich offered here is a pound of meat! Crazy!I love coming here, fresh meat, friendly staff and quick service.My reason for only giving 4 stars, is the seating in here is accommodating for a lot of people so tables are very close together. I felt as if I was enjoying lunch with people in both sides of us. Overall great experience, a little expensive but most of Vegas is. I'd go back the next time I'm in town.
1	Umm, no thank you. This was definitely the worst eating experience I have had in Las Vegas. I ordered a club sandwich, which I understand is not their specialty, but I didn't have huge expectations. The sandwich was huge but not layered at all. Huge pile of turkey covered in bread, huge pile of bacon, wedge of iceberg lettuce. Basically ingredients that you have to assemble yourself. Oh and did I mention it cost $27. Ultimately had to complain to the manager about my disappointment.Annnddd, my friend did get the pastrami which was also not very good.
2	Came here for a quick bite after just getting into town. Guess this was the wrong place to do that, but my husband was craving corned beef, so it is what it is. The service was awful. Super unfriendly, the guy never once cracked a smile. This restaurant accomplished one of my top 3 pet peeves. If you are a restaurant known for your gigantic portions, yet you charge a fee to split, you are BAD PEOPLE!Earned an extra star for the corned beef. It was, as advertised, huge and pretty tasty. But definitely not the best I've had and not worth the money or the bad service.
3	Why does everything have to be SO BIG?! Usually we Yelpers don't complain about that (ha!), but in this case it's just ridiculous. Not to mention the potential for inducing heart attacks is immeasurably increased. It must be part of the appeal / gimmick, but too bad larger sizes don't translate to better food quality.We were here for breakfast at 8 AM after a long night of partying and gambling (we hadn't slept yet) so at this point everything * should * have tasted good, right?My Grilled Cheese with ham was hearty and a decent size -- thankfully not a monstrosity. The "Hash Browns" were more like a plateful of overcooked potato chunks, most of which were too hard in texture to eat. The "Side of Bacon" turned out to be an overflowing platter of much-too-crunchy, strange looking meat strips.Service was friendly when we arrived, but seemed more hassled as the room began filling up for breakfast. All in all, an okay experience but would only come back for convenience (a.k.a. when staying at the Mirage and cannot make it to a restaurant outside the hotel).TIP: Size isn't everything.DATE TIP: Size isn't everything. Wait, what?! I'm talking about the sandwiches!
4	I will tell you that they have the biggest corned beef sandwich I have ever seen and it was delicious.  I was not a fan of the breakfast but the sandwiches are great.
5	All I had was half a sandwich Pastrami and Corn Beef, I'm not a fan of either, but my friend picked it and to my surprise I enjoyed it.  We couldn't finish the whole sandwich so i took it home and had it for breakfast, it was still good the next day.  I want to go back to try something else.
1	This place is terrible, from the food to the service.  Add some atrociously (even by Vegas' standards) high prices & you have a losing situation.  I officially deem this the biggest rip off of a restaurant I have ever eaten at in my life.I had the most bland roast chicken I have ever tasted .  Came with pasty mashed potatoes & 'steamed veggies', which was half cooked broccoli.  Also sampled were the hot turkey sandwich (ok, but for $22 for a SANDWICH it should have been waaaayy better), liver sandwich (blech) & the daily special - shrimp dinner (frozen fried shrimp from a box).Even the free pickles they give you were pretty gross.  Everyone had one bite, then just left them.  Service was pretty lame & indifferent, which can work in an actual New York deli, but definitely does not in Vegas.  Don't waste a minute of your time or a penny of your money at this place.
3	alright, perry's in chicago on franklin makes a bigger sammy, but if you are buffet'd out (is that even a word?), stop on into Carnegie and split a sandwich the first time you eat there.   The portions are perfect for the glutton in all of us but unless you plan on going right to bed don't try it.   3 stars only because I gave four stars to a place the other day and it was filtered.   If you are reading my review, consider it more a 4/ 4.5er than the 3.thanks
5	Deeeeeelicioous! Not sure what all the negative reviews are about. You're there to eat food, not to chat with your waitress.
2	Ok, I know it's Vegas and everything is expensive, but these were just mediocre over priced deli sandwiches and small soggy potato pancakes.  However, as in most casino spots, the staff trips over themselves to make sure that you have everything that you need and that you aren't waiting for good service.
3	A return visit was made to Carnegie. We were served "yesterday's pastrami." It was dry The Jewish rye bread was a little tough. There was not enough moisture to affect the bread. Also slow to serve us drink refills. My wife wished that we ate elsewhere after she tasted her pastramiOf course, all these comments are made comparing Carnegie (Las Vegas) to what we eat in Manhattan and Brooklyn.
4	What's not to like about a mile high sandwich filled with pastrami!   Yum!
3	Long wait, slow service, a little pricey, $3 charge to share but huge portions.  Although I was expecting much more, the pastrami tasted decent. It was tender and thickly sliced, but the flavor wasn't anything special.  Maybe the one in NY is better.
4	I was in Vegas last weekend with some friends. We stayed at The Mirage. On Saturday, a few of us went to the Carnegie Deli for lunch. It was great. The place was super clean, the staff was friendly, they brought a dish of pickles to our table almost as soon as we sat down and, oh yes, the food was fantastic. I started with chicken soup. It's really just broth, no chunks of chicken or veggies. You can get it with egg noodles or rice (I went with rice). I was brought a bowl of rice and a small metal pitcher of broth. It was delicious. Then I had a turkey and swiss on rye with mashed potatoes. The potatoes tasted like homemade and the sandwich was just what you'd expect in a deli, tasty rye bread piled high with tender, flavorful white meat turkey and Swiss cheese. It was big. Light eaters might want to share one. I polished mine off with no problem, but I had no room for dessert. Next time I will. This place is going into the Vegas rotation, for sure.
2	Carnegie Deli was recommended by a few people to try while I was in New York.  Unfortunately, my schedule was packed and I couldn't make it.  Since we found out there was a Carnegie located in the Mirage Hotel, it was a perfect time to give their famous hot pastrami sandwich a try.The chicken noodle soup ($6.99) and the chicken soup with matzo balls ($7.99) are a must order!  The noodles were small and tender.  Both soups come with a chicken soup which is flavorful and extremely comforting.  Definitely perfect for the morning after a long Vegas night.The hot pastrami sandwich ($16.99) was a disappointment.  A large amount of pastrami is stacked between two pieces of bread (choice of rye, white, or pumpernickel) and served with a side of pickles and dijon mustard.  Though I ordered a HOT pastrami sandwich, it came out room temperature and the meat was dry.  I thought maybe I just got a dud, but my friends said the same thing after eating there a day later. WHAT TO KNOW:*Dine in or take out (note: they're separate entrances)*Consider sharing, portions are HUGE*Breakfast served all day*Not sure on their exact hours. Their napkins say 7am-2am, but they were open around 4:30am
2	Sandwiches are way to big.  Plus nothing but meat and bread, was sick of it only a few bites in.  I had the pastrami and my brother had the brisket.  He also said the brisket was dry.
5	5 stars!!! all the way!!!   This place is every bit worth the price and the wait.   The food is outstanding and the there is so much you will be full for days.   The tables are close like in NY I'm not crazy about that but I'm there to eat not worry about who is sitting next to me.   Check it out its amazing!
5	The menu was just like the one in the NYC. The sandwiches are all made fresh and are BIG. There is a share charge, but most people would not be able to eat a whole one by themselves. We got the corn beef on rye which was outstanding. They also have the brown mustard that was made for these sandwiches. We also a slice of the cheese cake, which is also made fresh and is just huge. The service was very good.Totally enjoyed this place from start to finish.
4	Come here for the amazing HUGE sandwiches of meat.  Don't come here for a salad, or soup.  The Reuben and Pastrami sandwiches are HUGE!!  The Reuben seems like the best.  My partner couldn't finish his ...and he always finishes his meal.  There may be a wait, so come early or at odd times.  It's a medium sized place in the hotel.  Good service.  Not many veggies around.
4	I've been to this Carnegie Deli several times now.  I actually like it better than the one in New York!  My boyfriend discovered the very best thing on the menu to order... Jeff's Favorite (I think that's the name).  It is a potato knish topped with your choice of pastrami or corned beef, topped with melted swiss cheese.  OMG.  It is so amazing.  The potato knish is a hundred times better than having bread!  And it's huge.  Unless you have a HUGE appetite, split with someone... plus it's $24.99.
4	Most famous for the WOODY ALLEN (half pastrami/half roast beef) sandwich. Let me just say, that this thing is  a MONSTER. Imagine the biggest pastrami sandwich you've ever had and times that by 5. For about $25 a pop, IT BETTER BE BIG. I ordered this to-go for my mom and she loved it. The lady who took my order even offered extra bread since you can make about 4 sandwiches out of the amount of pastrami and roast beef they give you. A bit on the pricey side, but you can feed a whole family.
5	I had lunch at Carnegie today and it was myfirst time ever. My boyfriend always raves about the Carnegie in NYC and didn't want to check out the Vegas lactation because he didn't think it would be as good. He was wrong! The food was great! Huge portions!! Once we saw all of the people around us getting huge meals we decided to share our sandwich. (Although I've worked in the industry for many years as a server and bartender, Ive always had a special type of hatred for the people who shared meals like sandwiches) but seriously this sandwich was HUGE! and delicious. We also had one of their potato pancakes, which was probably the best potato pancake I've ever had! So good. Although our waitress was a bit un attentive, we still had a great time. and the food came out quick! Next stop is Carnegie NYC! I've heard it's better than Vegas but I kind of think its impossible!
4	We are there every visit to Vegas.  Ask for Sylvia's station... she is the best!  Now the food.  You better be really hungry and bring lots of friends.  The Woody Allen is enough to feed a family of 4.  This sandwich at $20. is worth ordering just to look and marvel at it.  it's like the 7th wonder of the restaurant world.  Watch some of the other sandwiches walk by and you will be amazed.
4	SHARE!!!!!!!! That's the most important thing to do here!We ate here on 12/11. I got the sandwich that has 1# Turkey 1# Corn beef and 1# Beef tounge and slaw on it. It was very good! The wife got the tuna melt also huge.My critique is that I they must freeze or just have very very cold refrigeration because my Turkey and tounge were a little  too "cold". Other then that it was a good meal.
3	It's been a looooong time since I last ate something at Carnegie at the Mirage.  I'd say about 8 years (my first review below was written about 4 years after my first visit).  What I like about Carnegie is how they're open 24 hours a day.  But what I don't like about this location are the inflated sandwich prices.  No matter.  I really just came here to eat something to soak up the booze so what better thing to order at 2am than their Open Faced Pastrami Reuben, appropriately named, "Ah, There's the Reuben!".  Ah, there's the Reuben! -- http://bit.ly/IJ5T04Yeah, it's a mountain of cheese, pastrami, and sauerkraut on top of two slices of rye bread and a bowl of Russian dressing.  I think with me going to Katz's Deli and having their epic pastrami last summer, it kind of spoiled me and made any NY style deli's pastrami inferior.  That was my take on Carnegie's pastrami.  Though I quite enjoyed it, it didn't have the same magic.Definitely come here if you want huge sandwiches that'll take care of the big appetite.  They may not be the best tasting and are a little overpriced, but they'll get the job done.
2	I've eaten at the REAL Carnegie Deli in NY. This is a poor imitation. T0 me there are three measures for a good (Jewish) deli. 1) Corned beef sandwich, 2) Roast beef sandwich, and 3) chicken noodle soup with matzah balls. I had #2. I asked the cashier (I ordered takeout) if the roast beef was rare (there is really no other way to enjoy it). She said it was. I took her word ... my mistake. It was well done with not a hint of pink anywhere ... it was gray-brown. To make matters worse, the meat had a mealy texture ... ewww. The rye was fresh though with a nice hard crust and soft innards. But I couldn't get past the meat. No kosher garlic pickles were included in the order? Why not? IMHO, rare roast beef should be bright red throughout and have a wet texture from being freshly sliced. Some "blood" (not really blood0 should remain on the plate if you put a slice down for a sec. [Bud's deli in Sacramento slices their RB in front of you, and it's absolutely perfect]. I may go back to try a corned beef sandwich or the soup ... but at $20 for my sandwich, it will definitely be a gamble (the restaurant is in the Mirage hotel and casino).
3	It's a New York style deli, long on huge portions, not so much on flavor.  We only ate there for breakfast this time, the first day I ordered cheese blintzes.  Now my Jewish grandmother made those for years and I never had one that looked or tasted like these did.  These were deep fried and so crunchy that they begged for some sort of fruit sauce.  Alas, only choice was either sour cream or apple sauce.  Next day I had an omelet which was huge.  Supposed to be a cheese omelet but the only cheese was on top not in the middle.  Every thing is huge as mentioned before, costs $3.00 to share which might be a better option, no one can eat this much.
2	Good meat sandwiches that work well after a long night of drinking. The nyc style of the counter,  the entry,  the black and white tiled floor is all great. I've had both the corned beef and the pastrami. Pastrami is much better. I had the corned beef hash too. It says comes with a fried egg. But when I ordered it no fried egg. The server then said that you have to actually request the egg specifically - even though it says it comes with a fried egg. I guess I should just be happy that it came with beef despite my not requesting it. Also it doesn't come with bread - so it's just a pile of chopped beef and oily potatoes. Pass.Try the burger place across the way instead. If you're on a corporate account then I goes this is Ok. Slow service, mediocre food and high prices make this no better than your typical mirage hotel restaurant.  Try to avoid unless you can't avoid it.
3	Don't get the chicken salad - at $14 a sandwich it's just not worth it. The bread isn't great, it's a bit stale, and the chicken salad is rather bland. It might be a better deal than room service, but again the taste just wasn't there. Great portions, but not great taste. I didn't try the dessert, but the portions looked huge.
4	Massive, Massive sandwiches! Quick service, at a reasonable price. The sand which alone will fill you up. Plus they give you deli style pickles with your sand which. They load the sand which with Tons of meat on the sand which.This place is just like the classic delicatessen in new york. I had the tatala a good combination of turkey and corned beef.
3	Carnegie Deli is somewhat a guilty pleasure of ours when my hubby and I visit Vegas. The dishes remind him of Brooklyn and me of Russia. While some of the dishes are not extremely authentic, the flavors are just good enough to give you a taste of the Eastern European and Jewish cuisine.During this stay, I enjoyed a bowl of pierogi. Of course nothing comes close to my mom's homemade ones, but the flavors were not too bad. I didn't really like the dough, because it reminded me of the cheap deep frozen ones you can buy in a supermarket. But the filling was quite nice.
3	I'm pretty sure i was half asleep, or fully asleep while being here at 2-3AM....BUT...they played good music.i remember this because i woke up to my party singing Boys II Men 'End of the Road' as a chorus line, and having the entire restaurant joining in. A scene out of a movie. If their employees can handle that, i'm sure this is a great place. I partially remember eating half of a burger...didn't complain so it must've been decent. I absolutely love 24 hour diners in Vegas, it's perfect for after the club. It's no taco shop in San Diego, but its a perfect Vegas alternative!
5	Holy sandwich, Batman!If you ever have a hankering for gigantic sandwiches where the meat is literally piled as high as your head, then you my friend, have come to the right place.After indulging in Fat Tuesday's awesome big-ass drinks, we decided to eat here. For some reason, alcohol will imbibe some sort of food courage in you. Specifically the peach bellini with an extra shot.My brother and sister-in-law were smart and decided to share the "Woody Allen", which was two lbs of meat (pastrami and corned beef, but they got all pastrami). My husband and I, alcohol in tow, decided against logic and each ordered our own "Woody Allen", all pastrami. Once the food came, our mouths dropped in amazement... These suckers were massive! Each half of the sandwich was precariously held together by wooden skewers. I took one bite and immediate felt giddy with happiness. Meaty, juicy, and packed with flavor... Definitely worth the $20+ price tag. We rashly ordered sides, but figured we might as well, since it was our last night in Vegas. Go big or go home, right? Two sides, coleslaw and pickles. The coleslaw was okay, but their house made pickles were delish! 45 minutes later, we tapped out. Needless to say, our eyes were too big for our tummies because we both ate equivalent of half a sandwich... we should have just split one. Took our leftovers with us to eat as a late night snack.Go. Eat. This. Now.
2	I ate here a total of 3 times, take out twice, and dining in once. If I was basing this solely on the take out experience, it would have been 4-5 stars. The food is great, huge portions, and they are open 24 hours. The food also came out pretty quickly, even at 3 AM. However, on our last day we ate there for lunch with 8 people. We were seated immediately, even though only 4of us were there. The other 4 arrived less than 5 minutes later. We asked for 8 waters, and received a total of 5. We then had to wait 30 minutes for a server to come to us. I had to stand up and walk to the hostess and ask her to send a server to our table. He got us the remaining waters and then we had to wait another 20 minutes before we even placed our order. The table of 6 next to us arrived after, ate, and paid before we even got our food. I complained to the manager, who then sent the waiter over again. The manager told the waiter we complained, in our presence. The waiter came over and instead of apologizing, argued with us that he had come over shortly after our whole party had arrived. We were all taken aback that not only did the manager tell the waiter of our complaint in front of us while we were eating but also that the waiter tried to argue with us that he was right. At the end, it took us an hour and a half to eat here, and nothing was comped from the bill. Eating in is a disaster, I would give it one star based solely on that experience. I would recommend taking out from here.
4	Truly amazing sandwiches. Absolutely hits the spot if you've been drinking and need to fill up on food. Just be careful what you order and make sure you're on the brink of starvation, the portions are insanely massive. You get heaping mounds of meat in your sandwiches, almost to point where it's laughable. I ordered the Reuben that was super delicious. The only annoying thing was that I had to take almost 3/4 of it to go because I was so stuffed from eating the 1/4. So I ended up having to lug around 3 lbs. of meat all over the strip in a doggy bag. We didn't have a microwave in our room either so after it went cold it wasn't that great the next day. It had become a coagulated pastrami and cheese brick. Pretty nasty, ended up just throwing it away. For a $24 sandwich that kinda sucked.
1	I was with a party of 5 at around 3pm on Friday. They sat us fairly quickly. We had a few questions for the waiter about some items and found out that unless you specify, everything comes bare bone unless you pay extra. To the point of adding sour cream to the baked potato or lettuce on your sandwich. We ordered our food and 25 minutes later my wife's tuna sandwich showed up. 10 minutes after that three of the burgers showed up and only a few minutes later my "hot pastrami" sandwich came out. My sandwich was warm at best and it wasn't until we were all almost finished eating that I realized I never received my potato. I reminded the waiter at which point he went back and got it. When he dropped it off there was no sorry for he delay or anything. I thought about sending it back, but at that point we just wanted to split. I wouldn't recommend this place at all. If you are starving and need a bite at 3am. Go across the street.
4	First time here ordered the WOODY ALLEN next time I would get all pastrami bc the corn beef was too dry. We shared the sandwich and they made us pay 3 bucks extra I thought that was ridiculous if u order it Togo u don't have to pay it anyways it was good I don't think we would go back tho
3	Items Selected:Carrot CakeFrench ToastCheese Blintzes with Big Apple SauceCoffeeLocated inside The Mirage, 24-hour New York staple Carnegie Deli had long been one of those restaurants I figured I would 'eventually' patronize - the menu featuring a few items of interest but the Las Vegas Boulevard upcharge seemingly unjustified by 'deli food,' no matter how good - an early morning breakfast finally sparked by a group of friends staying at the hotel and the result a good time with surprisingly good food despite prices I'd still label exorbitant.  Bringing the signature 7th street delicatessen to a surprisingly small space just off the gaming floor where a few trios and quartets sat basking in the glow of the prior night's escapades behind enormous sandwiches and cauldrons of matzo ball soup it was to friendly service and overhead Sinatra that we arrived and seated immediately orders followed in an equally expedited manner, a total of perhaps nine items ordered but my focus on three plus a half-dozen refills to my cup of coffee.  Speaking first to my favorite 'appetizer,' the $8.50 slice of carrot cake proved competent and not overly sweet, but perhaps as a result of our early morning visit and a cake from last night the crumb delivered slightly dry and under-spiced - the impressive cream cheese icing thankfully buoying the dish, though none of it nearly as impressive as the $13.95 fried cheese blintzes whose light eggy tones and balanced parts savory meets sweet proved excellent on their own, yet far better with house-made applesauce taken bite-for-bite.  Eschewing  meats or omelets, though all looked good, it was in a Jewish deli's Challah that I placed my trust for a 'main course' and with three thick slices soaked in batter, fried golden in butter, and drowned in maple syrup I really could not have asked for more, the stack a veritable bargain at $10.95.
4	My last hoorah in Vegas...just before heading home, we had to have lunch at Carnegie Deli at the mirage. Unfortunately because it was located at the back of the casino, the restaurant was pretty smokey. Our wait, at 11am on a Sunday morning was about 15 minutes. We came for a huge corned beef and pastrami appetite, but most of the food coming out of the kitchenwas breakfast.My husband and I shared a stuffed derma, (2 large pieces on the dish). One of the best I've tasted...nice and crispy along the casing. We shared a matzoh ball soup. I remember Carnegie serving a softball sized matzoh ball years ago, now it's served with 2 smaller ones. Good chicken stock and very tasty and fluffy matzoh balls. We then shared a Woody Allen (corned beef and pastrami). Huge! Delicious! even better when paired with mustard and pickles. My husband ordered an egg cream, and he said it was excellent...Service was horrible, at least our server was. I had to ask for pickles, silverware, our drinks (waited about 10 minutes after ordering).Tables are really tiny and you can hear every conversation intimately, as the tables are pushed really close together in this tiny place....just like in NYC.If traveling by car, this should be your last stop, because the sandwiches have about 2 lbs. of meat in them, you'll want to grab a doggie bag to bring home with you.The two of us ate for just under $50....which by Vegas standards is pretty cheap!
5	One sandwich a big as a bud beer bottle very good club sandwich, very fast service and the dessert are just as big.
4	I have to say it was pretty good. I can't say it is AS good as the one in New York, but it's the best i've had out West.( I think the meat from the NY restaurant is just a little juicier somehow! )It's in the Mirage Casino, so be prepared for all that comes along with going out to eat in a casino - well worth the trip though.I ordered the Woody Allen (1/2 corned Beef, 1/2 pastrami) - you cannot finish that sandwich alone. I recommend sharing it unless you are a professional eater - IT'S THAT BIG!!Waitress was really nice, she told me about the local discount  (I didn't know they had one). She told me whenever you go to a casino to bring your drivers license and you get lots of stuff for a discount..... I did NOT know that.All in All I really liked it, I will go back for sure.
4	My good buddy from New York took me here last night.  Said I had to try the pastrami, pickles, and soup at this place. Said it was the best he has had in New York.  You know what, he was right, this was one of the best pastrami sandwiches I've ever had. It is pricy but worth it. Also had the cherry cheesecake and it was incredible.  One of the best I've had in a long time. I will be back for sure.
4	If Joey Tribbianni were a real person, I imagine he would be a regular here! The space is a little crowded but has a lively atmosphere right inside the Mirage. Upon sitting down, you receive a plentiful bowl of pickles that provides some great snacking. After seeing the massive plates around us, my dad and I decided to split the Reuben. They do charge you a couple extra bucks to split a meal, but when you're not taking any leftovers home anyway its definitely worth the savings. We substituted the corned beef for pastrami, and the open-faced sandwich took up the entire plate. It was absolutely delicious. The potato salad wasn't bad, but nothing homemade.The prices look a little steep at first glance, but once you realize you can eat for days off of one meal it makes sense!
3	Unfortunately, I couldn't indulge because of my post flight nausea, but I did take a few sips of the matzo ball soup, which was really good!  On another day, I would be overjoyed at the sight of the sandwiches, which are immense.  But alas, today was not the day.  If I were to come back, I would bee line to the BLT, which was stacked high!  I detract one star for the $3 sharing charge, which I think is ridiculous.
5	Honestly for a meal on the strip this is one of the best values I have had. The food was good and the portions were enormous. I had a cheeseburger which was very good and someone else ordered a blt which had more bacon than any sandwich I've ever seen. Overall I thought it was very good. Maybe not the absolute best food you've ever had, but a 13 dollar cheeseburger in the casino is a great value especially since it filled me up
3	3.5. The sandwiches are pretty good if you just get the meat one ie for lunch. The breakfast sandwiches are disappointment.  I felt I wAs eating an egg sandwich. We're was the corned beef?   Buddy said he got sick off his
4	Yeah...... it's good.The soups..... as far as deli soups go.... is the real NYC McCoy. The crowd, depending on what time of day and day of week you go, ranges from trucker-looking implants from the midwest, to train wreck inebriated honeys that apparently got passed over from the reject reels of Girls Gone Wild (I actually saw a girl remove her underwear from her skirt in the middle of the restaurant........ and note that I'm not actually complaining about it...).The sandwiches are very decent, and pay homage to NYC sacks. The only thing I don't like at Carnegie is the tunafish salad. It simply sucks. Not terribad, just not great, even for a deli.It ain't cheap (what is on the strip?), so make sure you're hungry when you come in.
2	SERVICE SUCKS. Came on a Sat night to order to-go and the cashier was rude as ever. If he didn't feel like working at that moment, he should've gone a break and not take it out on customers. Food was good, except the terrible service left a bad taste in my mouth. Ordered the Woody Allen (pastrami and corned beef), which was good. Don't expect a fancy sandwich with condiments. It's just purely meat and VERY thin slices of bread. Get some extra horse radish and enjoy the sandwich with their pickles. Hope you don't get the rude cashier!!
5	Great food. Nice family friendly deli inside the mirage. I ordered the corn beef and to my delight a massive sandwich of epic proportion was brought to my table. I added a liberal amount of Carnegie deli mustard. The only word that can describe this sandwich is delicious. The service here was also great. My waitress, Michaelyn gave me an awesome smile, and above average service. I recommend anyone with a hungry tummy stop here and enjoy.
2	Nothing quite like paying $22 for a completely tasteless corned beef sandwich. I don't care if it was flown in from New York that morning, this was just not good. I had the take out, so I really can't comment on the service, etc...but it definitely took a while coming out and it was not worth the wait. Would absolutely not return, especially with a less expensive CPK and a burger joint just down the hall within the same building.
3	It's an old fashioned Delhi, their sandwiches are huge. 1 sandwich is easily enough for two people
5	After having two pieces of cheese the size of quarters as a tapas at another restaurant, we were starving! Made our way to the Carnegie Deli in the Mirage. I had the pickled herring and the knish. Was such a huge amount and delicious! The server (according to the receipt was Michae) was amazingly friendly and very New Yorkish. Best service the entire trip. Best food the entire trip. Would definitely go back again!
3	It eating a gargantuan sandwich is your thing, this is your place!  The pastrami is first rate and the bread is ... well who cares about bread anyway ... it's just there to keep your fingers clean of meat juices.
3	Quick, simple and large portions! You can def plan on sharing unless you are a fatty!!
4	Love the pickles!!!! BLT I swear is a whole pig! So much bacon! Pastrami is very good but could use some cheese. I'd come back!
3	The sandwiches are HUGE! We ordered a Reuben that comes open face and is definitely a fork and knife plate!!! Had the famous blintz with apple sauce! Couldn't imagine the sour cream with the flavors being very good but it is very heavy could only eat one little bunt . Good but now that I've had it and know what it's like I won't be craving anything here to come back for.
5	I hadn't been to Carnegie Deli in a decade.  But after attending the awesome Yelp Night @ Terry Fator and seeing the Terry Fator Show, dining here seemed a great idea.  So Diane and I headed over, and I braced myself for Matzoh Ball Soup and a gigantic corned beef or pastrami sandwich.  To my surprise, by ordering a Woody Allen I could have both.  The name of the sandwich almost deterred me from ordering it, because I am definitely not a fan of Woody Allen.  But in the end I relented and ordered it along with a bowl of Chicken Broth with Matzoh Balls.  After I had devoured all four juicy complimentary pickles, and getting more, the soup arrived.  Two very large Matzoh Balls arrived in a large bowl along with chicken broth contained in a shiny silver metal container.  After I poured out the broth and filled the bowl, there was still broth left over.  So the portion was quite generous.  Diane ordered noodles to go with one Matzoh Ball, which I sampled, and they were thin and went well with the lightly seasoned chicken broth and really good, light and fluffy Matzoh Balls.  We also shared an order of French Fries, which arrived quite hot and filled an entire platter.But the piece de resistance was my sandwich.  It is actually larger than the standard sandwiches on the menu, which already are enormous, and cost just under $20.00.  It was g-normous (whatever is larger than enormous), and after taking one look at it, I knew I would be taking a full half of the sandwich home.  And that is exactly what occurred.  It is definitely one of the best sandwiches I have consumed: half corned beef intermixed with pastrami, all moist and warm, likely hefting at least 1 lb. of meat per half, on supple Jewish Rye (see pics).  And, it was just excellent!  After removing the toothpicks holding everything together, I managed to eat some bites normal sandwich style before resorting to knife and fork.  And, I really had to push myself to finish a complete half.  But at length I did.Service was very good and efficient.  I quickly received Heinz mild yellow mustard and additional pickles on request.  The place was comfortable with a deli feel to it.  And, I polished off the second half of that sandwich split into lunch and dinner the next day.  But even before that I tipped my home scale 4-3/4 pounds heavier than the day before.  Believe me, the appetizers from Stack at Revolution before the Terry Fator Show did not cause that gain.  Half of a Woody Allen did!I will eat at Carnegie more often, but to keep my weight under some reasonable control I think I will only order the Woody Allen again on at best an annual basis.
1	For the price ($15), I just knew the pastrami would be delicious. WRONG!!! No flavor at all. The only compliment I can give is the fries were hot and good.
1	What a difference!  Waited forever to get seated then for the next 10 minutes we were ignored.. the kicker.. the place was empty!  Decided to give up on sit down and ordered to go.. disappointed in the treatment at the to go counter not to mention the food tasted stale.  So sad since I was sooo looking forward to eating there again. Shame...
4	Quick takeout sandwich and HUGE portion. It's a bit of the pricey side for a sandwich, but It is HUGE, you be the judge. LOL. Chicken noodle soup for 5 am breakfast was pretty good. But not enough noodle.It is a great place for 24 hour service.
4	I just can't get pastrami or corned beef this good around home.  I just wanted to eat a plate of the pastrami!  Yes, the portions are huge, yes, the bread is tiny in comparison.  This place is better than the original, more space, friendly service and no lines!
3	The sando here is ridic! Crazy amounts of meat and impossible to eat as a real sandwich. I stick with the pastrami and corned beef they are so tasty you dont worry about anything else. But it includes pickles in a bag that were horrible. They should outsource them it was so bad. I was really in need of another flavor and the pickle let me down lol. If ur in a spot this place is a good choice to get a sando.
1	Cheesecake. Meh. Looks MUCH better than it tastes! It actually tastes like the plastic container it came in, needless to say it has NO flavor. What a disappointment! I wish I would have kept walking past the glass display case the cheesecakes were in because this cheesecake was not worth the $10 price tag. I would NOT recommend this place based on my cheesecake. I mean, how can you go wrong with this?? Booooo.
3	I got a pastrami sandwich and the portions are big and the sandwich was good but not good enough to justify the $20 bill. Maybe I'm spoiled but in Columbus this sandwich would be $10 maybe.
3	We ordered on the take-out side and the service was prompt.Pastrami on Rye was massive, easily splittable. While the meat had an amazing flavor, it was a bit dry that evening. Be forewarned, you're about to drop $20 on this sandwich but like I mentioned before, the portions are monstrous.The only thing I disliked were the pickles that came with the order.Don't get me wrong, I enjoy pickles & relishes of all shapes, sizes and tastes, but whatever brine these puppies were basking in was pretty foul. Passed them around for the friends to try and the opinion was the same:No thanks.Tried a bite of some matzo ball soup, quite good.Big fat ball swimming in tasty broth.The turkey and cheese sandwich was also not too bad. A decent place to grind when you're in The Mirage.
4	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #141 - #365It was my last day at the Mirage and I wanted to finish it with a BANG! So why not eat at one of the Mirage's restaurants, I decided on dining in Carnegie Deli right by the Race and Sports Book and CPK. It feels like you're dining in a New York deli and designed as an authentic deli restaurant with Vegas strip pricing. I ordered the Roast Beef Sandwich and that was humungous. I shared half of it with my friend and she couldn't finish it! Originally I was thinking of ordering the corn beef sandwich but it was just too massive to finish and a total diet killer! Service was over the top and and didn't disappoint. In fact our server was checking in on us even though he was slammed with customers and that is a multi tasking skill that every server should have. Food was delicious and couldn't fault on anything. It nice trying out Carnegie Deli but I'll just stick to BLT Burger just right around the corner.
4	Food and environment was great. Good service and decent pricing. I would recommend eating here !
4	Love the $25- corned beef sandwich. .The turkey taste worse than the Walmart deli. 5 star's on the corn beef...2 on the turkey. I've been here 4 times..3 cb's. 1 and done on the $18- turkey sandwich!
3	HOLY HUGE PORTIONS! One sandwich can easily feed a kindergarten class... or 2 drunk adults! :) High quality ingredients in a place that makes you feel like you are in the hustle and bustle of an old school NYC deli.
4	The one thing that stands out about Carnegie is the humongous, ungodly portions. Seriously, check out the photos others have posted here on Yelp. Everything is really at least two portions, sometimes three or four. If you're wise, when you're with another person, you'll order a single dish. You two can split it and probably still have leftovers (if you're in a room with a fridge). The prices are high, but when you realize that each dish is at least two full meals, it seems reasonable.I had the tongue omelet. It was monstrous. Two omelets in one. Could not finish it even though it was delish. My gf had the BLT. This was probably four sandwiches in one. I honestly wouldn't be surprised if it contained an entire pound of bacon. She didn't even come close to finishing it although she liked it.Our server was super friendly while also moving nonstop and multitasking her a-- off. A man who looked a little like Humphrey Bogart was also speeding around. They contributed to the authentic NYC deli atmosphere, which was broken only by the blinking, chirping gambling devices just beyond the railing.
3	Over-the-top portions. The Woody Allen is a little much, but good to split between two. I prefer the breakfast. There's enough to hold you over until dinner.  Not cheap, but hey, it's Vegas. There isn't much seating. Get there early to avoid the painfully long wait.
5	I loved my huge roast beef/turkey sandwich. We split 3 ways and had leftovers. Would definitely visit again.
3	Ate here late night.  Ordered Steak & eggs.  Liked that I could substitute the potatoes for sliced tomatoes.  Decent eats. Nothing spectacular. Staff is friendly. If your at the Mirage looking for something to eat it's something.
4	Desserts at the Carnegie Deli are absolutely to die for!! We stay at the Mirage and pickup a slice of Pie or Cake to share while winding down in the room each night/morning. They have a take-out service on the side of the deli that showcases the desserts. The worst thing about this convenience? Picking which one to take with you.The price seems a little high - $9 to $10 a piece, but the height of the pie or cake and the size of the slice make it we'll worth the price. Like the sandwiches, the deli prides themselves on the huge portion size.
4	$70. bucks for two sandwiches and iced tea with tip!  Hurts, but the food is so amazing and things just have to cost more in Las Vegas.Expensive or not, I promise I will be back.
4	great service and the food, the portions are unbelievableshared with my wife and still left over plentylate night dinner at 1AM in the casino, dirty stay outs I guess but was great
4	Huge delicious sandwiches served 24/7. We were on the go between seeing the tigers and checking out Hershey's world and we picked this spot on the fly. My sweetheart and I shared a giant melt in your mouth hot pastrami sandwich. It was just soft rye bread, the best pastrami ever and that's it. There was nothing else on the sandwich and there didn't need to be. We declared it the best hot pastrami sandwich ever. Note- the sandwiches are not for just one person. They are food network extreme eating challenge sized. We were way more hungry than usual and barely conquered the ginormous delicacy. Also this place is pretty expensive. We spent around $50 on a sandwich some fries, coleslaw and two drinks.
2	I ate here just because of the convenience factor, but the food was way overpriced and very dry. Also, the bus boy spilt scalding hot coffee over my hand and the table and didn't say anything. He came back with a few napkins and placed them on the table and didn't clean it up. Manager wasn't much help and didn't really do anything. If I was the manager, I would of made the meal complimentary and apologized profusely. Luckily the waiter was a decent guy so I still gave a decent tip. I wouldn't recommend this place to any friends and the customer service needs some work.
4	Had the Woody Allen.. Come with a big appetite. Foods not cheap in Vegas but Carnegie gives great portions for the price. Service is quick.
4	Good but not great as I remember.Pretty pricey too.My husband and I shared a sandwich, fries, and each had a beer = $50!
4	Huge sandwiches.  Like nothing you've ever seen before huge.We honestly don't come for lunch often here.  So this review is about BREAKFAST/BRUNCH.Ever since BB-Kings closed (which was my favorite mirage breakfast spot), we've come to Carnegie instead.  Again, the portions are just ridiculous - so you can share anything you get, even the sides.  But the food is good and plentiful and we keep coming back.It's always insanely crowded, just FYI.
3	decent deli. a bit overpriced for casual deli...but you get the portion you pay for.  Sandwiches were HUGE and even the omelettes are bigger than usual.  Good place to eat if you are staying in Mirage, however I don't recommend coming here if you are not in a nearby hotel.
3	This place is inconsistent in service, and incredibly consistent in their great food.  The service is great until a certain hour in the morning where, for some reason, I'll see many of waiters walk by and not even offer a water.  I've walked out of this place 2 times due to lack of any kind of service what soever.  When the service is on though, they're REALLY amazing.  It's a shame this hasn't been figured out yet, because this on/off great/bad service thing has been going on here for years.Get Jeff's Special with Pastrami.  The knishes are delicious!
4	Just as insanely large sandwiches as they make in New York.  Three big guys ordered one Woody Allen (corned beef and pastrami) with extra bread and split it three ways and we still took home a whole "normal" sized sandwich.  I highly recommend the authentic and properly made  chocolate egg cream.
4	Wonderful spot for something different from the flashy glamour of Vegas. Girlfriends and I were feeling particularly rough from the day clubs and wanted something a little more of the comfort food persuasion. We found this and it was great- friendly, helpful waiter, almost all of us got soup. Matzo and noodle in chicken broth for me. The broth was DELICIOUS. Huge portion, and as far as I could see on everyone else's plates in the restaurant, ALL huge portions. Thumbs up!
3	I had the pastrami. The meat was delicious. Just the way i remember it in New York. Service was great. We had to go back on the tram to TI for a show. They got us out if there in 12 minutes. My only complaint was the bread. No self respecting New York baker would put their name on that. It was dry and crumbly. Only way I know to eat a pastrami is on rye. The server told me they have to work with the local bakers for bread. What a shame to put great meat on that sub par slice of bread. They would be better off to serve Oroweat Jewish Rye than the horrible stuff they put on my sandwich.
4	Well, it's definitely not a place that would first come to mind when I think "breakfast". However, since we stayed at the Mirage, it was convienent for us. I must say I was pleasantly surprised. The food was definitely better than I expected. We both got the grilled bacon and eggs (scrambled eggs) with whole wheat toast and the home fries. Everything was good, not overcooked nor undercooked. It was your average breakfast fare, simple and reliably good. This was not what surprised me though. It was very busy when we went (11 AM-ish) but our food came out in not even 10 minutes! I'd definitely come here again for tasty breakfast classics that will come out within a matter of minutes. After all, when you're hungry, time seems to drag on forever, but not here!
5	the place is fantastic which deserved 5 stars.  the idiots giving this place 3 stars are the low budget, buffet eating, white trash who do not understand a corned beef or pastrami sandwich.  if you order a few extra pieces of rye, you can make three sandwiches of the $20 Woody (pervert) Allen sandwich. the brisket is a little dry and the free pickles are just ok, but this is still a 5 stars Yelp.
5	Excellent Pastrami Sandwich. I would definitely eat here again. Wait staff was a little slow but definitely worth the wait.
3	Came for a quick lunch before hitting the road back to reality. Hubby always wants a Hot Pastrami and daughter loves Corned Beef. Both were happy with their sandwiches, which were made a tad smaller than normal due to the Restaurant Week special.Mom's blintzes were plain awful. They were more like a deep-fried concoction you would find at a county fair, rather than the delicious blintzes I enjoyed at Carnegie in New York. My latkes were bland, but nice and crispy. Refills were free, unlike the NYC location, and the service was friendly and efficient.  I would go back next time we're at the Mirage, but I wouldn't order the blintzes ever again.
3	Used to be great. I ordered the Woody Allen. The corned beef was perfect, pastrami was very dry and had been sitting. Not fresh. Service was slow even though place was pry. Get the corned beef and you will be happy
1	All I can say is....If you have been to the Carnegie deli in New York skip this place.  They have no pickled tomatoes, the corned beef was plentiful, but fatty/tough (so go for the turkey), the break was okay, but not great either.  How hard is it to make a sandwich when that is nearly all you make.  Won't come again.  Afterward I heard  from other friends/family that they felt the same way and wished I knew before I wasted my money and time.
3	Good food.  Ok but not special.   Got the hot roast beef... Ok friend got the pastrami.... Big portion
1	I visited this restaurant off a glance of the menu - since I love pastrami and corned beef.  However; to my disappointment, this HUGE sandwich (with enough meat for three sandwiches) was dry and flavorless :(.  I would never eat there again!
1	Sorry Carnegie, this was a miss for me on so many levels.  It didn't start well with the host talking on the phone and ignoring a long line of customers needing to be seated.  I was standing right next to her, listening to her go over someone's work schedule--chatting away without a care in the world.  This clearly was an issue that could've been handled after everyone was seated--I actually flagged a waiter over and got seated on our own.  Ok fine.  Next issue, the food.  My chicken sandwich was not a fresh, grilled piece of chicken, but instead a rubbery and warmed up piece of meat.  That would've been ok (I could've doctored it up with cheese and condiments), but it's the price per quality factor I have issue with.  If I'm going to pay $16+ for a chicken sandwich, it had better be fresh meat.  Two mediocre sandwiches and a side of fries was $42???? Uh, no thanks...
1	We got the brisket sandwich for 17 bucks. They give you a lot of meat but there is no flavor in the brisket. It wasn't very tender and on top of that, they have no sauces. So if you like eating dry brisket that you can't swallow, come here.
3	Expensive for a sandwich, but then again the sandwich could feed 4 people. Late night option at the Mirage that is ok when you are hungry...
2	Only reason I went here was because I'm staying at the hotel. The egg sandwich was not good. The fries were staleee. Service was not that great. If you can avoid this place.. AVOID IT.. I didn't finish any of my food and would never come back
4	Came here twice during my stay at the Mirage. Bottom line, it was a pricey bunch of sandwiches, but worth it if you share. There's really no way I can eat a single sandwich piled with over two pounds of pastrami and corned beef, and for $22 (plus an extra $3 if you split it) it's expensive and it's not like you're going to carry around a doggy bag all day. I'd gladly pay half the price for half the food.The BLT and the french fries were awesome. The BLT was stacked high with bacon, probably a whole pounds worth, with fresh tomatoes and crisp lettuce. It was a mess to eat, but very good. The dijon / mayo sauce they serve with the sandwich was also great and I wish I brought some home. Fries were exceptional - they were double fried so crispy on the outside and soft in the middle. Definitely a pleasant surprise to get such good french fries.The brisket sandwich was just okay. I don't think I'd get it again. It just wasn't anything special compared to the other sandwiches I ate. Service was good, and fast. They serve kosher pickles with your order and they were great.Sadly I did not get to try any of their desserts, which again were expensive but looked great. Next time!
3	HUGE sandwiches.  Two can easily share one plate.  Inexpensive for strip resort dining.
2	This review is for breakfast only. We ordered the French toast, corned beef hash and a side of bacon. Servings were large. The side of bacon was an entire plate!  French toast was a little dry and nothing special. Corned beef hash was really greasy and was mostly meat, only a splash of potato. Bacon was really greasy as well. Everything kind of tasted the same - there wasn't much flavor.  Had the greasy belly feeling after eating. Wouldn't recommend.
4	The food was good although a little pricy. I ordered the western omelette with rye toast.  Waitress was prompt.  Overall, good service.
1	The service sucked - all the servers looked like they didn't want to be there, no smile, super slow, and barely came around. I really just wanted to walk out but I was dragged here due to convenience and was with a party of 6.The food - do people really need 5 inches of meat in their sandwhiches? The hot dog was good, but everything else was just overdone. The portions are too big for one person, which explains why they CHARGE $3 for sharing...I do not recommend this place at all. This was the worst place I ate at while in Vegas.
4	HUGE portions,awesome food...insanely high prices,but worth it if you gotta have REAL deli now and then.Love the pickles,the spicy mustard,the corned beef,the turkey,the knish!
4	Ate here after arriving at the Mirage after a long flight.   We were tired but wanted something to eat.   Walked around the Strip for a bit and came back here. Had a hot pastrami sandwich and fries DELICIOUS!  You can also get food to take out.
4	Very nice service provided here today. My mom and I shared the noodle soup, which always hits the spot (hint: try it with rice as well). We also had the chicken salad sandwich and baked beans side. The restaurant has been around for 10 years and still does great business.
1	They have a good roast beef on rye sets you back $25Want. Cheesecake?Want service?Pay up.  This is all about the money.
5	This place is amazing!!! The sandwiches are sooooo good and so was the omelette, our waiter Michael was so nice and helpful with the menu. I highly recommend this place whenever your at the Mirage :)
3	While the entrees are expensive, they are large and delicious. We had breakfast there and did not leave hungry. The cheesecake is exquisite, and they have a convenient take-out counter for desserts. The service was decent, but it was very busy when we were there. Sausage omelet and homefries were worth coming back for.
1	Fell in love with this place in New York Manhattan. This one here in Las Vegas can be skipped. Its terrible. The service is the worst, slow, hard to understand, and the sandwich here are just the same. If you love NY, stay out of this one in Vegas. Worst Meat I've ever looked at. Maybe the sound of the Casino ruin it, or the smell of Smoke? Vegas has a lot of great places to eat, scratch this one off
3	I came here the other night because my sister was visiting from Seattle. While walking to Forum Shops, she saw the sign for Carnegie and wanted to try it since she heard it was a really famous place in New York. She ordered the cheesecake and I ordered a pastrami sandwich. The cheesecake was expensive. It was around $10. They gave  us a discount since I'm a local. We also ordered the pastrami sandwich. There is just sooooo much meat for the small pieces of bread. I should have bought bread to make two additional sandwiches.  All the reviews said that the sandwiches were so big. I shared with my sister, and I was still hungry. Maybe I was just super hungry that day?  The cheesecake was huge, but tastewise, it was just okay.
5	Fantastic! Had a reuben with pastrami and sauerkraut. Huge! Shared it with my husband and we still brought home half. Started with the chicken noodle soup. Very comforting and nice, not fancy. Enjoyed it. Finished with the classic cheesecake. Brought half home too. Creamy, moist, I'm drooling. Our was fabulous. Can't wait to New York and eat at the Carnegie there.
5	HUGE portion of corned beef hash was the best I've ever had. Blueberry cheesecake was also excellent but the chocolate chip cookie was below average. Great service from the waiter but not so much from the bakery counter.
1	First i will say that the food was delicious! However $60.00 for 2 burgers, fries, a slice of cheesecake & a coke is a little crazy.  At that price you want to finish your meal but it was too much food!  Maybe they could give smaller portions and charge a little less. One order of fries would serve 2 people.Service was beyond horrible. We ordered takeout to take back to our room.  I ordered a cheeseburger plain (just cheese) & fries.  My daughter then said that she wanted the exact same.  When I saw the man working behind the counter I saw him wrap up a burger with lettuce & tomato & start to put it on our bag.  I reminded him that she had wanted her burger plain too.....he was visibly angry and asked why she hadn't told him that.  I said she did tell him when she said she wanted her burger "exactly" like mine.  He then scooped all of the toppings off the burger slammed the bun on wrapped it up threw it in the bag.  He then started throwing dishes around (no lie) to the point that even his co-workers were staring at him.  It was all just surreal.  I can honestly say that had not/was not ever rude to this man, but I was not willing to pay $60 at a deli for burgers and fries & then accept a wrong order. Again, the food was pricey but good however the service was scary.
3	Sandwich was absolutely stacked. Piled high with pastrami...but that was probably the best part about the sandwich. The sandwich is literally just two slices of untoasted rye piled to the brim with meat. No pizzazz or anything...but for the price I definitely expect a lot more. I mean, the pickle even gave this sandwich a run for its money...nice, juicy, and crisp. A perfect compliment to a carnivore's dream of a sandwich. The tang helps cut the otherwise fatty slices of pastrami.
1	Worst service. Longest wait . Good burger. Extremely expensive burger.We waited 19 minutes to place our to go order.  Three employees said hi and them quickly left. When we finally placed the order burger was ready 30 seconds later. It must have been pre made.
1	Not even worthy of 1 star. Went to Carnegie this morning because we were salivating for the Carnegie experience. Boy did we get a very unpleasant surprise. They have downsized their staff to create a order at the register and someone will bring you your food. NO pickles on the table anymore. Portions are half the size and the food quality has gone down hill. Carnegie is a legend. Why would any intelligent entity mess with a legend that has worked for decades. The only bright star of our breakfast was our server. He deserved 5 stars. We will not be back. Disappointed beyond words.
1	2 months ago, this rating would be five stars.  I have been coming here for years, twice a year like clockwork. Not only did Mirage change this Carnegie Deli from a sit down restaurant to a pay-first-and-sit-only-after-ordering-and-paying Sizzler style place, they took great food items off the menu and they CHEAPENED the quality of the food that is left remaining on the menu.No more knishes on the menu...and that's just a start...They cheapened the matzo ball soup...no longer golden and no longer perfectly seasoned...it's watered down...they try to hide the lower quality with a few bits onions and a speck of carrot here and there.  I can't say that it's swill, but I wouldn't order it again...and I used to order it every time every visit.  The matzo ball itself? Well, it's adequate...a bit lumpy, a bit cold ... Nothing to be proud of...hence no reason to order. The portions were still large, the quality of the pastrami okay...not as good as I remember, but unless you are a New Yorker, you won't notice.  It's a step above Denny's pastrami, I'll grant them that.And that's what they are counting on...save a little here and there, cheapen the food...and they hope you won't notice.The really stupid part about the change from sit down restaurant to this flush them through approach is that the ordering from a waitress wasn't what took  the longest time, it's the food prep...so the wait in line, order, pay, then sit down system doesn't solve any throughput problem.  The genius who made this change needs to go back to business school and take queuing theory...or at least read the book, The Goal. It takes the same amount of time from start to finish just with cheaper food, fewer choices and angry patrons.  Way to go, Mirage.Carnegie Deli in NYC should take note of the damage Mirage is inflicting on the Carnegie Deli brand.  I hope they change it back to a sit down restaurant with higher quality food...If they don't bring back the complete menu, so be it, but the quality of food needs to improve back to its former levels. Otherwise this visit will be the last time I will stay at the Mirage hotel and the last time I eat at this Carnegie Deli...yes, that bad.  Go somewhere else anywhere else, you'll have a better experience.
2	Very disappointing that this favorite spot in Vegas changed its service and food and menu offerings. No longer a sit-down restaurant, they moved to an order-first format. Doesn't solve any problems , and creates a lesser tip income for their servers. They took the potato knish off the menu. Bad move. And the chicken soup was really sub-par, with not so good matzoh balls. Well, they lost a customer, unless they change back. I'll have to go to New York.
2	This place has gone downhill from years ago. In the past it was a really awesome Kosher style delicatessen. The menu was fantastic. Now when I went back to Vegas in December it's cafeteria style, and the menu is watered down. Whoever had the audacity to change a winning formula should have their brain examined. No longer will I consider the Carnegie delicatessen a must visit destination.
3	I'm from NY, but have never had the pleasure to eat at the original Carnegie deli, so I wanted to try it while staying at The Mirage.  Ordered a BLT, and it was huge! It was definitely more than I can eat, I wish the hubs and I had split the sandwich, but they charge you a extra $3 to share.  I don't understand that at all.  Hubs had the Ruben, it was delish, but again, it was huge.  Ate there late one night after a show, and the staff was super friendly and helpful.  It was close to 11pm, and there was no wait, and food came quickly.  It was pricey, just like all the restaurants in the hotels on the strip. Decent sandwiches, but be aware of the portions.
4	Thought it was really good! Went here at 2am and had chicken soup w/ matzo balls which was delicious. Also had a salad which was fresh and huge! Hubby ordered a ham omelette and this was good too. Would love to go back for sandwiches. Service was also so friendly at 2am in a sometimes grouchy vegas.
1	I agree with Craig B. They reconfigured my favourite restaurant. It's now line up and pay. Only a few choices. The famous matzo ball soup is just synthetic soup mix. I called the manager and she confirmed that the chicken soup is just canned powdered soup mix made by adding water. CES the busiest time of the year. The restaurant is dead empty.. I understand why. Goodbye Carnegie.
2	Smh city out here.   They literally cheapened the whole menu at carnegie... this is not the pastrami sandwich I remember.  Its dry now.
