4	Got a chance to try out mgm newest restaurant. Nicely decorated intimate place. Intercontinental Menu is on a one sheet, with small plates for sharing, and the big plates for main course. There's only a few pasta dishes in the "small plate" section. The big plate are all meat and fish.Food was good, service was great. 2 cocktail, 3 small plates, 2 big plates $160.
5	The shrimp risotto was amazing!! The lamb is perfect! We ate here on Christmas Eve and everything was so Delish! Try the angus sliders with Bleu cheese and sunny side up quail eggs, very yummy! The overall atmosphere inside Crush at MGM is classy, garden chic. With the green tones, rocks and trees inside the restaurant, Crush is both comfortable and impressive. The menu is gluten-free too!Our Server was friendly and helpful...Next time we will try the dessert! 2 Appetizers, 2 Entrees $110
3	We had dinner reservations at Crush for Christmas. It's the restaurant that took over the space where Nobhill used to be. It had big shoes to fill, but we were hopeful since it's owned by Michael Morton who is also the co-founder N9NE at the Palms. The restaurant has a rustic chic garden feel. It wasn't too busy on Christmas eve, despite other restaurants being quite crowded. We had a booth in back after asking not to be seated at the high-top bar tables near the entry. They offered a nice blend of cocktails, wines and beers. We had Kronenbourg Blanc ($9) and Oro di Milano Riserva ($14), on the pricey side, but I appreciated the rare selections. The menu follows the current trend of small plates and specialty pizzas with a few large plate selections for those who prefer the old school way of dining. We started with the ricotta gnocchi with braised short rib ($16). It's offered as a small plate, but we shared as an appetizer. It's hardly enough for two, but quite enjoyable. The shortrib was rich and decadent. The gnocchi was tender and light, though it had less ricotta flavor than anticipated. We each ordered large plates for our entrees. My husband chose the Lamb Sirloin with Brussels Sprouts ($38) and I had the Seabass with Kale ($34). Large plate portions are not for hearty appetites but definitely an upgrade from the small plates. He really enjoyed the Brussels sprouts, and the lamb was tender and cooked medium rare as requested, but there was a flavor that was off putting. He barely touched it. The waiter took notice and offered something else from the menu. After some urging, he chose the wild mushroom pizza ($16). The pizza was pretty darn good. The crust was nice and crisp, the fontina was creamy and paired well with the earthiness of the mushrooms. My seabass and kale was prepared and served in parchment paper. It was topped with a tomato chutney. The flavors were good, but the texture overall was one note; mushy. It would've been better with some crunch. I tend to prefer fish with a nice sear. While dinner might not have been top notch the staff was very accomodating. They went out of their way to be sure we were satisfied. I give them props. They sent out a complimentarty Nutella Crunch dessert for the trouble. Hazelnuts and nutella are a match made in heaven. The dessert did not disappoint. Crush has only been open a few weeks so they may hit their stride given more time.
4	Went here for NYE with my wife and 2 friends.I wouldn't call it a tapas place, but they do have a lot of appetizers. I had the very tasty shrimp risotto and short rib steak. My wife had the meatball appetizer which was pretty huge and the short rib appetizer which was also good. They had a well priced wine list and a separate vegan menu.
4	I went to Crush for NYE and given the occasion it was fairly priced. The waiter was superfriendly and accommodating of all our requests. Unfortunately,  the  hors d'oeuvre, shimp risotto, was a bit al dente. But, everything else was exquisite. I would definitely revisit this place.
4	Crush was a fantastic place to get a group dinner. They had very unique one of a kind dishes that could accommodate the tastes of everyone at our table including the vegetarians. The drink "Punch Drunk Love" is fantastic, sweet, and light. The pizza was only okay, but everything else was quite wonderful.
4	After walking through the crush of people in the MGM Grand, you arrive at Crush, a relatively small restaurant located off the casino floor of the hotel/resort. What a lovely, peaceful space it is. You are presented with the opportunity to try many dishes, thanks to the tapas style menu. But there is nothing Spanish about the menu; it is "anything goes" like so much of Vegas. The Hamachi plate is especially good. The veal bolognese is just the right amount of filling. The hazelnut dessert seems large enough to share, until you taste it and then you don't want to share it with anybody! The wine list is cushioned with surprises and a solid foundation of wines. The bar itself is a busy space, not quite comfortable seating at the bar itself, but the back room, with its curved, brick ceiling makes up for all that. Our server was knowledgeable and courteous.
3	Came here with daddy and Julez after a day of roaming around.  Honestly, the place seems nice but none of the dish were memorableA+: Service - everyone was very attentive and stylish :)B- : Grilled chicken pizza - eh, it's pizza, like I said, nothing memorable, it was more on the soggy side, chicken was a little dryC: CA Sea Bass - I think it's my fault because I didn't read the menu thoroughly but I didn't care for the tomato taste.  On the other hand, dad really enjoyed it, said the fish was cooked just rightA: Ricotta Gnocchi - So tender, fell apart in your mouth, best dish of the nightI feel like this place have potential, we ordered a lot drinks, not the best cosmo I ever had but whateves.  I feel like with all the restaurants in Vegas, I probably will not be returning here.
5	Expensive, but well worth it!!  Food fantastic, service fantastic.
5	Had an awesome meal at crush. All dishes were great especially the gnocchi, scallops and the imported beer! Definitely be back! Oh and the girls loved the swing at the front!
5	Great food, great service, great time!  Food was unbelievable, especially mushroom pizza and gnocchi.  Chrissy was our waitress - helpful, attentive and on top of everything!  Dinner and Drinks were well made with terrific ambience.  Worth it - Will be back for more!
4	Good sliders. ... Roasted Cornish hen pretty tasty.This is a fairly new establishment inside the MGM Grand. Good place for group dinner so you can order a variety of dishes to share dishes. Overall ambiance is dim/dark and provides an intimate setting. Of the three pizzas we ordered for the group, the wild mushroom pizza had the fontina cheese and stood out as the best. The angus mini sliders are juicy and were cooked medium rare. Half roasted chicken were also juicy and moist.
4	Situated where Nobhill used to be is a new Michael Morton tapas joint. I immediately noticed the decor, I kinda felt like I was at winery in Napa. White washed wood covers from the floor to the ceiling, candles lit on the borders of the ceiling, the tables and chairs made to feel like a sleek outside dining experience. Our server was quick to get our drink orders. They had a pretty decent hand crafted cocktail menu. The one that caught our eye was the Punch, Drunk, Love: mint infused Hendricks Gin, Lillet Rose, Fresh Watermelon Juice and Fresh Lime Juice. I suggest if you are going to have more than one drink (trust me, it's delicious, you will want more than one) you should share the family style, it comes in a carafe. Sticking to the idea of shared plates, we decided against doing an entree and just ordered a bunch of the tapas. Roasted Cauliflower appetizer-this was good, maybe a little heavy on the red  wine vinegar, I wish we would've tried the Cauliflower Mash instead. Sea Scallop Benny-Sunny side quail egg, chorizo and chipotle hollandaise. This was excellent. The flavors were very unique.Octupus Ceviche- Grapefruit, Pickled Jalepenos. This was pretty good, I think I liked the Taro Chips more than the ceviche though.Ricotta Gnocchi- Braised Short Rib and Pea Puree. Awesome. It's no wonder this is one of their signature dishes. The short ribs were so tender. Get it.Littleneck Clams- Coconut Chili Broth. These were good, the broth was a little salty for me, but thankfully the coconut did mellow out the salt. Ask for an extra piece of bread to dip into the broth. This place is a little pricey, comparable to La Cave. The tapas are definately not sharable for more than two people.  Everything was pretty good, including the service. They also have a vegan menu.
5	Mostly small plates, but all food we had was excellent.  Service was also top notch, and the restaurant had a very trend ambiance.  We will certainly be back.  Great place to stop before or after a show.
5	Best steak,HANDS DOWN,I've had to date. 32 oz. rib eye. Let me re-type that.32OZ.RIBEYEC'mon, most of you all have to agree, that any steaks past a 12 oz size would normally be a porter house, NY, or prime rib cut. While to each their own, I've always preferred a rib eye. It has always carried out a juicier and sophisticated taste, with the ideal amounts of fats and meatiness. Amazing hosts in and outside the restaurant, and I enjoyed that a part of their menu consisted of sharable tapas-styled plates. My only complaint is that I had to share my steak with the GF at the time. Psh, I told her to order something for herself - oh well, next time!
4	Came here for Valentine's Day!  YES, I am a little behind on my reviews LOL.Very cool, trendy looking restaurant with romantic lighting.  Tapas sizes, so you get to try a bit of everything!The reason why I came here :Sea Scallop Benny ($18): Quail Egg, Chorizo & Chipotle Hollandaise. This was EXCELLENT and even better than expected! I really liked the subtle spice to the dish as well.  Recommended!Ricotta Gnocchi ($16): Braised Short Rib & Pea Puree. This was also delicious! I really enjoyed the short rib and gnocchi combination. The ricotta breaks down the "beefy" flavor and creates a more CREAMY consistency. Great!Salt & Pepper Frites ($9): Garlic Aioli & Romesco Dipping Sauce. I LOVE garlic aioli and french fries even more! Of course this was delicious lol.Hamachi ($15): Yellowtail, Cucumber, Yuzu Vinaigrette & Chili Threads. This was great, with good quality hamachi and a non-overpowering yuzu flavor.Angus Mini Burgers ($15): Buttermilk Blue Cheese, Balsamic Onion & Fried Quail Egg. I enjoyed the Blue Cheese burger best personally. All cooked to medium-medium well though, so a bit over for my tastes.And to finish, the Nutella Squeeze Ice Cream Sandwich ($9): Chocolate Whipped Cream, Nutella Cream & Carmelized Hazelnut. You already know this was good! Just do it already :PGreat place for date night, and one of the better priced spots in MGM, bang for your buck wise!  Check it out :)
4	The ambience and service are wonderfully hospitable and inviting. The menu has just enough items to tempt your palate but not too many that make you crazy trying to decide. The 28oz bone in ribeye was Overcooked and that the top 1% of prime meat. It was good but it was not great. The bone in ribeye at delmonico, cut, and Ruth's Chris are all way tastier and if higher quality. The 32oz need short rib was very tasty with a pepper crust that made the dish. The mixed salad with prosciutto was delightful. The creamed spinach lacked flavor and the pizza was undercooked and soggy. The Nutella squeeze dessert was just ok lacking something I just can't identify. Overall, it was a nice place to dine, however with so many better options I will not be returning but I would recommend you give it a try.
1	So our waitress..... attitude of the server can make or break the experience.   She never came to our table to see if we needed more water or if everything was ok.   When she poured our drinks, passed the food out, she was banging everything with an "I could care less" attitude.  And to say the least my friend ordered the scallop crudo.   HILARIOUS, me and all my friends literally busted out laughing because it was the tiniest tapa we have ever seen.   We thought it was a sad joke.   It was literally 1 scallop the size of a quarter sliced thinly with the same amount of radish thinly sliced as well.   I ordered the octopus cerviche.   Everything tasted the same because everything had lime in it.   But I enjoyed my taro chips that came with my octopus cerviche more than the octopus cerviche itself.
4	We ate here for dinner and there were three of us. We sat in the bar area. There are no TVs in the bar so do not expect to watch any games in this locationI had an arugula salad and a mushroom style pizza.The prices were reasonable considering the amount of food that you received. The personal pizza is approximately 13 inches long by about 6 inches wide.   Very thin crust.They have a pretty good beer selection with some standard IPAs.  I enjoyed my dogfish 90 minute IPA
3	In all honesty, with the plethora of great places to eat inside the MGM, this was literally our last resort: The Mayweather match was happening that night and all the other sit down restaurants were totally booked up. Unless it's my only option again, I doubt I'll be back.But let me be clear: Everything about the place except for the food was great . It's a beautiful restaurant with a lovely ambiance. We sat near the back and the server was EXCEPTIONAL, being very attentive to our table and helpful with the ordering process. Even the gentleman refilling my water was careful to make sure my cup never went empty and I drink a looooot of water. But the food. Meh. "Tapas" portions but not really. The shrimp in the shrimp risotto was too salty to even consume. The filet was pretty decent but "pretty decent" in Vegas isn't really saying much...I do have to commend them, however, for having a seperate menu for those with food  restrictions (vegan, vegetarian, dairy free, gluten free and shellfish/seafood free) which you can find here: https://www.mgmgrand.com/pdf/crush_vegan_menu.pdf
4	My husband and I had a really good experience at Crush. We ordered the date & artichoke pizza and a kale/mushroom salad for starters. The pizza was different and tasty (I can't remember ever seeing a date on a pizza before) and my husband, who is vegetarian, could not get enough of the salad. Also my husband was SO EXCITED because they carried Innis & Gunn beer and he hadn't seen it in the States before. I had a glass of Chard. I thought it was pretty terrible but I'm not one to complain about wines so I sipped it twice before my husband asked me if I liked it. I told him I didn't so he tried it. He thought it had gone bad so he asked the waitress to replace it with a different one. She was very kind about it and the new glass was quite nice. For entree I had the shrimp risotto and my husband had the roasted cauliflower. Both were great. We ended the meal with an odd sort of chocolate dessert with mangoes. It wasn't my favorite dessert ever but small enough that we still managed to finish it off easily. The waitress was great and attentive. It had a very European feel inside. You quickly forget that you are just inside a casino!
5	Crush is a great new restaurant at MGM... On my recent visit, service was spot on, and the food was fantastic. Our large group ordered many different tapas, and all of them were universally enjoyedSome of the "small plates" are larger than others, but if you eat alot and don't want to break the bank ordering 10 tapas, go with their regular size entrees
4	Recommneded by my concierge we gave this restaurant a try since we were headed to KA right next door. What a great little hidden gem, You  have no idea how large or the ambience of this place from the front and we were walked back into a real treat! Due to our large party size they set us up in one of there private dining areas, good thing for this loud group. They were so attentive to us and got this large, sometimes hard to wrangle group out on time for the show, even with some split checks. The scallops with quail egg were so good! They did forget our carrots and green beans we added on, but probably a good thing - as we were stuffed. (never checked to see if they made it to the bill, I will have to trust them on that one;)) the wine list had some reasonable options-even for non- Vegas standards! there was a slight issue with the bartender not having any idea what type of beers he had on tap, I mean there were only like 5, he could have educated himself to know if they were at least an IPA, lager, etc. Was a bit pricey for some of the small plates sizes, but the service was so excellent,  I will be back to this one!
2	Totally mediocre. I went on a Saturday night, so they should have been at the top of their game. Based on reviews, I was expecting something wonderful. I had the caesar salad which was delicious except for the pretzel croutons which were too tough to chew. Then I had the shrimp risotto. Only three little shrimp! The shrimp were good but the risotto was not. It was cold and the sauce tasted like Chef Boy'rD. My friend's broccoli side order was not put in right away so it came after the meal. It was tasty but it was strange to eat it like a dessert. There were lots of servers standing around talking to each other. They seemed bored, waiting for food to come out of the kitchen. I asked for a napkin because I didn't have one at my place setting and it took a long time to come. I should have just grabbed one from the next table.  Anyway, I was so annoyed by the whole experience that I used my phone while we were waiting for broccoli to make a reservation at another restaurant for the next day.The ambiance is nice, quiet enough to have a conversation. Oddly, there is a TV in the dining area but not in the bar.Maybe the pizza would have been better. I saw some at another table and it looked good. But with so many restaurants in Vegas, you can do better.
4	Good service, great tastes, but a little pricey for the portion size. Food came out super fast, which is a good thing, but if it comes out that fast the prices shouldn't be so high for such a small portion imo. I'll go again, because the flavors were amazing!!!!
1	Went there July 27th for my fiance's birthday, with nine people in our party. Jeff was our waiter. Four people split their meals. Everyone got their meal except my fiancee who had ordered a Filet Mignon. "Jeff" said that the chef forgot her order, then by the time everyone was pretty much done with their meals, he brought out her filet and it had been "butterflied" and looked like a cube steak that was hammered to death. When we said something about it, Jeff said that it had been butterflied so they could get it out quicker, and acted like we were nuts for complaining. While all of this was going on, we could smell the "fishy" smell of some other table's fish entree.....which if its good fish and cooked correctly, you shouldn't smell. Anyway, my fiancee was pretty unenthused about her birthday dinner turning out to be crap, the waiter being rude, and to top it all off, Jeff charged us for two entrees that no one had ordered, and again acted indignant that we would want this changed. From the reviews it looks like others had good experiences, but ours was horrible and we will never go back. And Jeff, you are an asshole.
3	Came here with my boyfriend for a corporate event and I hate to say it but the food was about as good as Applebees.  The service was good and it certainly is a charming little restaraunt but I was just so disappointed with the food.  We had the New York Strip steak, some scallop appetizer that was really one scallop thinly sliced into 4 slices, and a small kale salad.  Portions are small (but I get that this is a tapas restaraunt) but still the food was just mediocre.  I would not eat here again.
4	Been to Crush twice. The food is amazing. Really enjoyed the atmosphere. The service tends to be a little slow. The hostess would not seat us saying they were completely booked up because of the Justin Timberlake concert. But offered us to sit us in the lounge. We enjoyed sitting in the lounge however the restaurant never got more than 3/4 full. In any event, great food really nice atmosphere.
4	Paid a visit here after the JT concert on Friday night - best decision all weekend. Every restaurant was packed before the show, so we set on wandering MGM afterwards for a good after show nosh and were definitely pleased at Crush. Luckily we were seated right away (not many people ordering dinner at 11pm I suppose!) and our incredibly nice server saw to our drink order ASAP.The ambience is tres chic. Dark, romantic, and removed from casino craziness in the back where we sat cuddled up in a booth. The only negative about our seats was the pretty chilly draft, but perhaps we were just too sober ;) The Syrah was absolutely delicious, and at $11 for a glass, a Vegas bargain. We began with the Caesar salad which came out within minutes of ordering and was very tasty, though I myself found the sweetness to be a little strange. Overall it was a crunchy, refreshing delight. We then shared a margherita flatbread and the gnocchi. Whoa....both dishes definitely exceeded expectations. They were small plates, but really perfect for sharing. The speed at which the salad was delivered was slightly misleading, as the other dishes took quite a while to come out. However, they were clearly exceptionally fresh when they arrived.Our waiter was pretty busy but as attentive as he could be, and very professional without being overbearing. The end-to-end experience was more than I expected at such a large venue, and thus deserves a high recommendation. This was a perfect way to wind down from an energizing show without losing the dazzle of a getaway weekend with your honey.
5	We were definitely coming here expecting a good meal but not a meal that would entirely blow us away.. Wow! This place is AMAZING! A few of my favorite things are the scallops, ceviche, salt and pepper frites, and the punch love drunk cocktail! The octopus ceviche is full of flavor and had a very clean and refreshing taste. The scallops dish was presented with a layer of chorizo on the bottom and a quail egg on top, a very interesting but wonderful addition to the scallop itself!  The salt and pepper frites were the best French fries you'll ever have. The fries were perfectly crispy and topped with a garlic aoli sauce ($10) Aside from the food, I also loved the ambiance. It is very chic and trendy! The service was very good as well, our waitress was very cool and you could tell she likes to have a good time! Every time I come to Vegas I will definitely come to crush! I've been craving it ever since!
5	Eek!!! This was our favorite meal from our girls trip to Vegas this past weekend. I chose this place because the menu sounded tasty and the prices were reasonable for a large group, and we were staying at the MGM Grand.We had eight girls and I easily made reservations through OpenTable about a week before, and then had to push the res back 30 minutes at the last minute. They were very accommodating.The restaurant itself is gorgeous like most restaurants in the hotels on the strip. The ambiance felt romantic and intimate. The lighting was dim, but not too dark.Everything on the menu sounded super amazing, so we decided to share everything. We ordered three flatbread pizzas (wild mushroom, grilled chicken, and the curry shrimp) - they were all really good, but my favorite was definitely the mushroom. It had the right amount of cheese and mushrooms were yum!The kale salad was also a hit too. The arugula salad was a close second. Other notables included the octopus ceviche and ricotta gnocchi (very generous portion of the braised short rib!)Surprisingly, that was enough food for the eight of us, and we were VERY satisfied with the whole meal, and the price! It came out to less than$20 per person for all that good food. We didn't get drinks because we were fine with water, but the cocktail menu looked pretty delightful.Service was great and the food came out super fast! We finished our food in 30 minutes - we were totally shocked, but it was great because we were already behind schedule.HIGHLY recommended for those staying at the MGM!
5	Was suppose to go to Fiamma for Restaurant Week on Saturday but they didn't start theirs till Sunday. So we ended up going to Crush instead. Wasn't sure what to expect but we ordered everything on the menu and it was great. I got the Arugula Salad (I don't like those veggies so it was okay) and the NY Strip Steak. I like how they sliced the steak into thin pieces, that was great!Bf ordered the scallop crudo (amazing and the sauce poured on the Arugula Salad made it taste even better!) and the Grilled Salmon. At first I was like meh, grilled salmon, nothing interesting. Little did I know that it was filled with explosive tastes! I  mean wayYYYY better than Cheesecake Factory's Miso Salmon (and its the only salmon I ever eat). Sad part was that it wasn't enough, need more please!! Just add some rice or have option for rice and it would've been a full meal! Last was the Nutella Squeeze. Oh em gee, nom nom nom!! I would definitely go check this place out if you're interested!
5	Awesome Tapas, Great Sangria, Great Service, the best atmosphere and music. Very chill and cool. Would eat here once a week!!
2	Having had a good meal at La Cave in the past, I had reasonably high expectations coming into this other Michael Morton restaurant. The overhaul of the former Nobhill space in the MGM Grand has resulted in a dark, intimate atmosphere perfect for a date night yet casual enough for a group gathering. The menu has plenty of shareable, small portion items along with larger entrees. We started by ordering two items while deciding what else to order. First to arrive at the table was a dense, bland ricotta gnocchi. The only saving grace of the dish was the braised short rib. Following that was a date and artichoke pizza with hints of heat and sweetness making up its profile. A decent dish for sure, but the somewhat underwhelming start to the meal quickly turned into the end of our meal as we decided not to order more. Instead, we opted for an impromptu restaurant crawl, moving from one MGM Grand restaurant to the next.
5	I went to dinner here after my wedding with 30+ people. It was the night of the Mayweather fight so things were crazy at MGM. The service was fantastic, the food was incredible. I couldn't image a more perfect evening for my wedding. The manager Mauricio was friendly and made every effort to make sure my wedding dinner was perfect. I HIGHLY recommend this place for any event or just for a nice dinner for two.
4	Nice atmosphere. Excellent service. Food was delicious, however, the room was so cold that our meals, shortly after arrival, were cold. Pizza, broccolini and the filet.  Tricky to find this place - but worth it.
5	Wow !!  Can I just say LAMB MEATBALLS This place was adorable, the decor is chic and clean, perfect for a romantic date or girls night out ! The appetizer menu was extensive and delicious !! Octopus ceviche and kale salad !!YUMMYI asked the server to surprise me with a cocktail and she practically read my mind. The cocktail was generous and quenching :) The management took the time to address each table, and the service was fast and friendly.The chocolate cake and espresso for desert was the perfect ending for an amazing meal.   The most moist and decadent chocolate cake I have EVER had. If your a foodie, crush is a MUST TRY!
4	I really enjoyed this restaurant. In fact, I went there twice during my stay. Mostly for the pizza. I had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. It was so dang tasty! It was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. It had a perfect blend of tastes. I crave it all the time. The specialty cocktails were very expensive for drinks. My friends had a mango mohito, and said that they were awesome. The service was good. The atmosphere is great. It was very busy at all, which I couldn't understand, but it was overall a great experience. Highly recommended for a reasonably priced, nice meal (reasonably prices for Vegas, that is).
3	The  food was great , we had a Margharita pizza, the shrimp risotto and the braised pork chops with gnocchi!Unfortunately it is a very busy place so extremely noisy and waiters can take some time to bring your drinks/food.Worth to go for the food and low price, but would recommend for parties of 4+ that want more of a good place to start the party night than a cosy diner.
5	I cam here with my cousins and really enjoyed myself. The ambiance is great, the restaurant is spacious, the service is great, and the food delivery was very quick. I got the gnocchi which was delicious and a perfect amount of food for one person! While the plates are meant to be shared, all of my cousins ordered the french onion soup, which they all said was really good!
3	My husband and I had dinner here before a show at The MGM.  The restaurant had a very sexy setting.  A very cool design, with great music playing.  It was a little loud, but so is Vegas.  The prices were great.We had the kale salad:  very tasty dressing with crunchy fried artichokes.  It was good.  I thought the artichokes were a little too crispy.  They tasted like fried whatever you wanted... couldn't really decipher that it was a choke. the Caesar salad had a dressing on it that we simply did not care for.  Actually my husband sent it back, it was that bad.  lamb meatballs were worth ordering again altho I thought they should have been a little less cooked.  Tuna two ways- incredible.  All dishes were small.  Mangoito- killer.  I could have had ten more.  I saw so many (too many) orders go out to the wrong tables.  I thikn they might still be working out some service issues.  Our waitress was pleasant and attentive.  We will try this place again.
3	Nice interior, maybe somewhat too dark... Enough tables available, but the chairs are missing a pillow (think about persons with back pain !).Food was - in our eyes - just fine. Nothing special.The price is too high ; you get little portions.We hate the pre calculated tip.We will not return due to the above mentioned reasons.
3	I love the atmosphere...the food meh. I like the sauce with the lamb meatballs but the meatballs them selves were on the dryer side. We also ordered the lobster pot pie . It had mix feedback from our table... I personally wish the sauce was a little thicker but the favor was fresh.
5	Wow...ate here on a Friday night. Comfortable seating, good for groups, low noise, and you can't tell you're in a casino.We got kale salad and cauliflower to start. Both were great. Then we got the scallop benedict. Scallop on polenta topped with a quail egg. I found myself savoring every bite it was that good. Then the short rib with gnocchi. It gave the scallops a run for their money, which is really saying something.Pretty flawless dining experience, easy 5 stars.
4	Located in MGM hotel. The service was great, everyone was very friendly. The atmosphere is nice and cozy, dark with dime lighting. Had the steak hanger, little salty. The Nutella desert ice cream was good.
5	Terrific tapas style!! The food was delish.  Spicy where ur needs to be and just amazing flavor. Had a great ambiance and delicious cuisine!
4	Just tried Crush last night, and have to say it was a pretty good place. I tried the things that I saw reviewed here on yelp, and wasn't disappointed at all. I had the scallops Benny, which were extremely tasty. The ricotta gnocchi which is definitely all about the rib is very tasty as well, I could eat a couple orders of this just for the delicious flavor. The octopus ceviche was good, it was light and refreshing, but I can't say that it is a must have. The angus mini burgers were good, but again not anything totally special, I love blue cheese so I think I liked them a little better than most people because they had a strong blue cheese flavor. The service was fine. It seemed like the main server is spread a little thin, but she did a good job. It was kind of weird that a younger woman came to our table and introduced herself as the co server, and then I saw her just kind of hanging out by the bar talking with coworkers the whole night while her "partner" took every order, and dealt with all of the clients. Maybe she wasn't really a co server and just said she was to greet/buy the main server some time. No big deal, the food, and the very reasonable price was good enough to just squeak this place in at 4 stars.
4	We started at the front lough.Cocktails menu was simple and perfect.For private dining kind of dark and romantic but we are group of 12.The appetizers and entrees are very tiny per American cuisine.The American cuisine I knew either fine dining or typical one the portion will be larger and more satisfy. All dishes here seem like tapas or small dishes like.The food could be close enough for 3 stars but i give credit for the services and drinks plus beautiful ambiance combine still 4 star.
4	Holy cow I am so glad I was talked into coming here and trying it out. I was a little apprehensive at first since I was not sure what this place entailed. If it is your first time there the servers warn you not to expect large portions and suggest you order several plates if you want more of a variety. With this in mind I ordered the shrimp risotto and the salmon. The risotto came with jumbo shrimp and was a little more al dente in some parts than I would have cared for but was still good. I also ordered the grilled salmon which was ok on its own BUT to me what really made the plate outstanding was the bed of oyster mushrooms that the salmon was served on. The combination of the salmon and the mushrooms makes this plate a must try. I was sufficiently satisfied after both of these plates. My dining companion ordered the half roasted chicken. Unfortunately, the plate lacked the wow factor the salmon had, and the chicken lacked any flavor on its own, and the broccolini it came with was way overcooked and inedible. We ended up having to add salt to give the chicken any flavor. The manager also surprised us with a mini cheesecake for my birthday (yay!), which I thought was nice. To top off the meal I had a Smith & Forge hard cider (yum!) and my companion had some drink (can't remember the name) that had raspberries in it. Unfortunately, the bartender who made it forgot to strain the seeds out, making it impossible to drink, and it had to be sent back. I had to knock a star off for the lack of flavor in the the chicken and the inconvenience of the drink. Would I come here again? Absolutely. Would I recommend you give it a try? Absolutely!
1	Such heavy seasonings and dressings that the actual food could not be tasted at all. So disappointing.   We ordered: blistered green beanskale saladshrimp risototuna two waysfrench onion soupEach dish sounded amazing. Sadly, each dish disappointed. Blistered green beans: it was very difficult to taste the green beans as the dish was smothered in overpowering creamy curry sauce. Such heavy sauce was unnecessary and it doesn't complement the rest of the dishes on the menu. Kale Salad: this too was drenched in dressing. The vinaigrette was strong and little of it would have gone a long way.  Shrimp risotto:  this dish gets 5 stars. It was great! Risotto was of perfect texture, the grilled shrimp were done perfectly and their flavor was pure and delicious. The light tomato sauce complemented the rice and the shrimp well and nicely tied the dish together. Tuna too ways:  the seared tuna was so salty that we couldn't eat it. The tartare was - you can guess - swimming in lemon juice. I happen to love lemon and generally want to add more lemon to dishes, but this tartare was a lemon bath. French onion soup: I did not eat this, but must say it's presentation was not very good.  My companion said it was a "lazy preparation/presentation."  As we know, eating with our eyes is very important. On top of all this, service was a zero.  The sommalier was the first and only person that spoke to us.... He took our wine order, delivered the wine. Very pleasant guy.  He then walked by our table multiple times and seeing as to how I was half way done with my wine, he decided to take our food order.  [Perhaps he cooked our food too?].   He told us it's tapas style so dishes will come out as they are ready.  OK, no problem. Everything came at the same time 20 minutes after we ordered.  Terrible. No one came by to check on our food.  A waitress stopped by, fiddled with bills in her apron and took a plate off our table WITHOUT looking up at us or saying a word.  No one else came by.  We only had one hour for dinner before our show so there was no time to complain and send the dishes back.  We both left hungry and sure we will never dine there again.  Immediately after we left, I saw a couple looking at the Menu by the restaurant entrance and I told them about our dinner and explained they were better off eating at the Food Court.
