2	Great beer selection. About 8 taps, all of which are solid. Nice low-key atmosphere.Food is reasonably priced. Sandwiches and entrees between $6-12. Brutus salad is interesting, but overdressed. Mahi-mahi was flavorless but fishy. Fried tomato sandwich without much inspiration, but they weren't cheap on the bacon.
3	The Alchemy seems misplaced in the Atwood area.  Most restaurants and bars in the area are delightfully quirky in decor....the Alchemy had the kind of forced, faux-pub atmosphere that you might find in Middleton or a sports bar/brew pub on the south side.  Don't get me wrong: It's not *bad*.  It's just...odd.Weird placement/decor/atmosphere aside, I'm okay with this bar.  I would happily return to eat some of the seriously delicious-looking food.  As it was, we were only there for drinks.  The beer selection had some very different choices, which was refreshing.  I was impressed that the wine list had a variety of good wines at $5.75/glass or $20/bottle.  The waitress was *adorable* and so, so nice.  It was a nice place to kick back for drinks after dinner.
4	For a bar, this place has some seriously good eats.  I agree with Heather, though, when she said that it's vibe is....different. It wasn't bad at all, just...odd. With such a great menu, I guess I expected a different decor than...well, it's hard to describe. I ordered the BLT with beer battered tomatoes, which was very good. The garlic mayo was a little bit too garlicky for me...on a BLT, anyway. I also ordered a side of sweet potato fries, which came with tarragon mayo and a blackberry preserve sauce--which was so fabulous. The chips were really excellent, and I could have made a meal of just those. Being the nosy person I am, I watched the waiter take several other dishes to customers. The onion rings looked awesome, and next time I'm DEFINITELY getting a stuffed grilled cheese!Go for the food, even if you're a bit thrown off by the setting!
4	The menu has some interesting items. The dolamades were very good. I feel the have a unique style, although it is a subtle one and hard to place. The menu has a surprising variety that you wouldn't expect from a first glance. They were very accommodating to my vegan friend, although the choices for vegans are somewhat slim. It is definitely worth checking out and a good place for just chillin' with friends
4	This place was tasty tasty! I am not from Madison but try to frequent my family there (mostly, I fail at that but not as much as some!) and my sister took me and my partner out to the Alchemy our last night in town. We all had delicious meals. From the locally made Kombucha to the sweet potato fries with spicy blackberryberry jam to the grilled cheese to absolutely everything! I liked how they told me where things come from, who made them, yadda yadda yadda. I'm a big dork about stuff like that. The decor could be a little more unique, but the food and drink makes up for that. Our server was attentive, knowledgeable and not a buttface. The only downside to the entire Alchemy experience was the live music being set up as we finished up our meals. I am a stick in the mud and do not like live music with my food. But whatever, I enjoyed everything else.
5	I'm surprised by some of the reviews already posted, I found the food very delicious and everything had a nice twist to items that might have otherwise been boring.  Case in point-the blackberry jam served with sweet potato fries, as well as a nice herby mayo.  The onion rings were also fantastic, I recommend buying those regardless of your meal choice, and definitely with a beer! (served with a great buttermilk dressing sauce and a tangy bbq-type sauce) I had the Apple rum burger which was very good, and chose the wasabi seed green beans which were a nice alternative to potatoes (although I stole some fries from another person's plate and they were great too)  Everyone else enjoyed their meal, and I was definitely eyeing the stuffed grilled cheese and BFLT.  Good prices too for the food and great beer selection (next time i go im going to try the bloody mary, it listed it as made with freshly squeezed juices--none of that mix crap!)http://www.alchemycafe.net/id2.html
3	I am surprised that a lot of people did not like the decor.  It is a nice, dark, wood-based bar and I am always a fan of that.  I didn't have the soup, but one of the people that I was with knows the woman who makes them and he said they are very good.I had the stuffed grilled cheese which I have to say didn't do much for me.  The filling was delicious, but the bread was cut so thickly that I felt like I had eaten an entire loaf by the end of the meal.  One of my friends had a burger, the other the hangar steak, and they both raved over them.  The garlic mashed potatoes were very good.This is a lovely place to just hang out and have a beer and sandwich.
4	I love to frequent the Alchemy. They have a solid beer selection and an interesting menu. Solid stop in the Atwood area.Also - the interior has an aura of mystique to it at night. Also features rotating artwork which keeps it fresh. I'd give it the thumbs up.
4	I've been here twice and had a good experience both times.  It has a nice neighborhood cafe/pub kind of ambiance.  There seems to be a wait on Friday and Saturday, but that's pretty typical.  They do have a bar area where you can have a drink.  Nice selection of beers.  I would say that overall the food is good but not amazing.  Service has been good as well.
4	I like this place a lot. The wait can get obnoxious since it's fairly small, but the excellent beer selection at the bar makes it worthwhile. The food is great. I loooove the sweet potato fries. The one thing I could do without is the live music. The space is way too small to be able to hold a conversation over some crappy jam band.
5	If you can find a better dinner in Madison for 10 bones please let me know. Alchemy is a fantastic gastro pub. Simple, flavorful food paired with an excellent ever changing beer selection. I have been many times and tried nearly everything on the menu. I have never been disappointed. The layout is a bit funky and sometimes you have to wait for 10 minutes but it is well worth it. The staff are efficient, professional beautiful people. I use this as a benchmark to other restaurants in terms of quality and price. If other restaurateurs are wondering why people are not coming or their business is not doing so well go pay Alchemy a visit and see how it is done. A+
5	Sweet potato fries w/ jam = BEST SIDE DISH EVER
3	Quick Review: Dropped in on the Alchemy for their Friday night Fish Fry, which was decent.  Place was a bit packed; service suffered slightly.  Limited yet always changing menu and an excellent selection of beers.  Nice ambiance - definitely a 3.5 to 3.75 star establishment.  You won't be disappointed.Detailed Review:Coworkers had been telling us about the Alchemy for quite some time, so we made our way over to the Atwood/Willy Street area in search of The Alchemy's fish fry.  The place has a very cool look to it, both on the outside and the inside.  When we arrived, there were people waiting outside, enjoying the beautiful spring evening.We left our names and phone number with the hostess, then ventured over to the Ideal Bar for a drink while we waited for our table.  Attempts to score a drink from the Alchemy's bar were futile - there were simply too many people crammed into the place; we couldn't even get up to the bar to order.The Ideal is definitely a townie establishment - I think the jukebox screeched to a halt and all heads turned to inspect us as we walked in, but no matter - the bartender was friendly and they had New Glarus Moon Man on tap, so all was swell.After about 45 minutes, the phone rang and we were summoned back to the Alchemy, where the hostess seated us at a small three-top table near the front of the restaurant.The interior is definitely inviting.  Lots of stone and heavy timbers.  It is quite small, and I agree that if a band were playing, it would be nearly impossible to chat - it was extremely noisy inside without any entertainment.  I would like to spend more time here, though - the place has a great vibe to it.Our waitress stopped by and took our drink orders; they had about 10 super unique brews on tap, so I tried a "Hell Lager" while my dining partners opted for a traditional old fashioned.  We also ordered a "starter" - of which there were limited options... fries or soup.  Drinks arrived after a short wait and we placed our food orders.  On Fridays, the Alchemy offers its normal menu along with a fish fry.  The only fish fry option is for beer battered cod, so we placed three orders - two with fries, one with green beans.I'm pleased to report that the old fashioned was nicely muddled (although it included an orange - a "no-no" when ordering a whiskey old fashioned sour) and tasted delicious.  It wasn't too strong, but instead was "just right."  The Hell Lager was equally tasty.Our food arrived after about a 20-30 minute wait; we refreshed our drinks and dove-in to the fish.My plate included four medium sized pieces of cod that were cloaked in a heavy, yet crisp, beer batter.  The fish itself was excellent - no signs of grease.  It was moist and flaky, yet meaty enough to stand-up to the heavy batter.  It was served nice and hot, and even as the fish cooled, the fish stayed excellent.  It didn't become soggy or greasy - it remained excellent.One of the fish fry fanatics that joined us is more of a purist when it comes to a fish fry; as such, he was "down" on the batter as he prefers a lighter, more simple batter.  He felt the heavy and overly crispy nature of the Alchemy's batter overwhelmed the cod.  I can go either way - sometimes I like a nice thick beer batter; other times I like a delicate batter.  The green beans were decent, if not a bit flavorless.  The whole wheat dinner roll was among the best I've ever had.  I'm told the fries (which were more like thick cut chips) were excellent as well.Fish fry was $12.95 per person and is not AYCE.  The quality of the meal was decent; portions were "just right," presentation was unique, and the vibe was solid.  Drinks were excellent as well.Alchemy Cafe = WINService = 3 starsFood = 3.75 starsValue = 2.75 stars ($50+ for three)MISC = 4 stars (excellent vibe, nice beer menu, regular menu looks great)Summary: I'll definitely be back to visit the Alchemy.  I can't wait to sample some of those other brews along with a bison burger (provided it's still on the menu when I return... their menu seems to change quite often)
2	This place is ok....I mean the reviews seem a bit over the top to say the least. The Alchemy fancies itself as a rival to perhaps The Weary Traveler....it's not. The food is just average and the hippy decor is just plain annoying. They do have a small outdoor patio which helps the cause. Big beer selection so if you envision yourself knowing the ins and outs of "hand crafted, small batch" beers then you'll be able to overlook the shortcomings.
2	I was looking forward to trying Alchemy for dinner last Friday after having drinks there a few weeks ago. There was about a 20 minute wait for a table, which I don't mind for a Friday night and by the time we were seated the crowd had thinned out a bit. Our server was with us right away for a drink order but kind of took her time to get back to us for a dinner order. None of us thought too much of it until it took 45 minutes to get our food after ordering. Two of us ordered sandwiches (a BFLT and a grilled cheese) and one of us ordered the Fish Fry so we didn't think it should take that long. When we got our food it was cold and it was a shame because it seemed like it would have tasted good. I will be back for cocktails but not dinner. The service was was just too bad.
4	Love the beer menu-great descriptions and it changes. Food is always yummo, appears freshly made. Small place, fills up fast, we make a habit of stopping at "off peak" times. Sweet potato fries are a must try. There is a "daily special" post on Facebook about 5 pm.
5	Alchemy and Josh and Matthia and the rest of your effing wonderful staff, thanks for being awesome. Who knew this jumping little place would spring forth from the ruins of Wonder's? Y'all are going into your 3rd year of blissful success and I couldn't be prouder.Keep on keeping on with your sweet potato  fries with the jam (and they are the jam), your rotating beers on tap, your salsa, burgers and your live and free @ Alchemy shows. I love you, Alchemy. I really effing do.Cheers!
4	Great beer lists, best onion rings in town and a menu with something for everyone that features local ingredients.
4	I dined her on a wednesday night, the place was moderately busy.  We had excellent service and there was great music playing overhead!!!  I noticed on the wall there are shelves with board games and thought that was fantastic!!!   The food was good, typical gastro pub food.  I had a burger and sweet potato fries, however, my friend had some squash risotto which was AMAZING!!!  I will definitely go back!
4	Great food. It "feels" nice in there. A place where you can go with your mom for lunch and go out for birthday drinks with friends that night. It gets kind of uncomfortably busy sometimes. But I enjoy the sweet potato fries and their specials are always realllly tasty too.
4	Good service.  Good menu.  Good food.  No credit cards sucks.
4	Found Alchemy Cafe yesterday on Yelp! and decided to give it a try, since my husband and I are in Madison for the week.  I'm VERY glad we found it!It looks like a small place from the outside, but it's actually fairly big inside.  It's atmosphere is that of a pub, but it's not dark and overpowering.  We were there for a late lunch so it wasn't very busy, but I can imagine this place would have an interesting mix of people in the evenings.  That being said there was one bartender/server working this shift.  He was friendly and knowledgeable about the beers.  I had the Hairy Eyeball which was a very good choice if you like Fat Tire.  The Hairy Eyeball is very flavorful and finishes nice with just a faint hint of bitter.  My husband had the something Rasputin, which is on a nitrous tap.  Talk about big, bold, and smooth!!  I had the Zaremba burger, with olive relish, gorgonzola, swiss cheese.  I think "flavorgasm" would be an appropriate description :)  The one thing that did irk me was the $3.50 upcharge to have the sweet potato fries instead of regular fries or salad.  HOWEVER, when the giant plate of sweet potato wedges were brought out instead of a regular side, all was forgiven.  Oh yea, blackberry jalapeno jam with the sweet potatoes was HEAVENLY!!  Even with that upcharge, for both of our burgers and beers the tab was $25 for two people.  That was a very pleasant surprise :)  I hope to get back to Alchemy later this week sometime, if not I will be back the next time I get to Madison.
5	Awesomeness! Food=great! Try them sweet-tater fries!
4	I can't wait to go here again.  Unique beer selection, cozy environment and fantastic food!I had the stuffed grilled cheese which was nothing short of heaven on a plate. Whoever came up with that combo needs an award of some sort. The wasabi green beans I picked as a side were good, but I'd opt for a salad next time. My significant other had the fish fry which was probably my third favorite fish fry ever. (Behind The Fireside and Old Fashioned).I am aware that these statements are bold, but this place is good. If you're nearby give it a try.
5	The best food in Madison for the price.  HANDS DOWN.  This fresh and flavorful menu cannot be beaten, and the beer selection is wonderful with an ever-changing variety  that can only be rivaled by a few gastropubs in the area.  It's easy to spend 3 times more on beer than your food, but so so so worth it.  If you haven't eaten here, GO!  I love all of their sides, but my favorite is the house salad.  It is usually boring at most places, but here you almost forget about your dinner while eating it.  AWESOME.You must try:Sweet Potato Fries:  Thin sliced fries with  jalapeno berry jam and spiced mayo sides (perfectly delicious)Tarragon Ham Sandwich:  Deliciously sweet, hot, and thick sliced homemade ham with a tarragon mayo  with tomatoes on a baguette (sinful)TinShack Smokehouse Burger:  I was having a food-gasm while I was eating this, but I recall there being smoked carmelized onions with muenster cheese, some sort of spiced cream sauce, all on top of a perfectly rare bison burger patty.  All of this in between a nice black sesame bun.  Yummy!I could keep going on all day about this menu, and their daily specials are local, fresh, and amazingly cheap.  Go there now if you haven't already.The only negative to this place is the difficulty in finding a table.  If you don't come before 6 or 6:30 during the week, good luck fitting in a table of more than 3 or 4.  I haven't even braved it during the weekend supper rush, so take your chances if you will, it's worth it.
4	My friends from Madison took me here promising good food and a great beer. Alchemy did not disappoint. I had the stuffed grilled cheese that was wonderful and unique. I had the house salad on the side, which was just ok- the dressing was a little off- but the sandwich made up for it. One friend had the ravioli special and the other had a great burger. We were all completely satisfied with our meal. Beers were great too. I'll definitely make a trip back here on my next stop in Madison! Cash only- but they have an ATM on site if needed.
4	love it!  My only complaint is that it's a long wait, but part of the reason for that is that it's a small place, which also adds to the charm and character of The Alchemy.  They know how to cook some great food--lots of flavor.  The one thing I didn't like was the fish tacos.
4	LOVED the decor, atmosphere and food. It was a bit noisy, but that's a fair trade-off for an uncrowded, friendly local joint with superb cooking. I'll certainly be back.
4	Visited alchemy a few times before for a beer but today was my first time eating there. The beer selection is always top notch. Maybe 7 or 8 taps, which isnt a lot, but they rotate often and are always great. I had the Applerum Burger w a side salad and my girlfriend had the stuffed grilled cheese and green beans. The grilled cheese was the better of the two. We also got some sweet potato fries which added to the good meal. Overall the food is above average, but the beer selection and cool atmosphere makes up for it. They also have great music almost every night.
2	What happened?  This place went from being one of our favorite places to eat and everything was great and in the past 2 weeks everything appears to have tanked.  Same menu, not the same food. Very sad, hope they can fix whatever poor decision led them astray.Update to the review above, I'm not yet changing my rating or my comments but will say that the kitchen manager from the Alchemy replied asking for clarification which is a good sign and I wish them the best and hope to be able to change my rating above.  If I had written the review 3 months to a year ago would have been 5 stars.
4	We ordered our burgers take-out.  They were delightful!  We got the AppleRum Burger and Tin Shack Smokehouse Burger.  They were HUGE.  We could have easily split one.  For sides we ordered the side salad with the black cherry vinegrette.  The vinegrette is why there isn't a 5th star.  It was missing acidity and lacked flavor overall.  The fries were amazing though.  Overall it was a great take-out experience.  Great Job Alchemy!
2	I went here on the way through town on the recommendation of a friend.  However, I left quite disappointed.  The service was as poor as I've had in years.  It took quite a long time to get menus and place our order, but it wasn't exceptionally bad.  However, it then took somewhere on the order of an hour to receive our food.  I had planned to stop in for a quick sandwich and get back on the road, and instead I found that our meal took over an hour and a half.  I understand that maybe sometimes a kitchen gets backed up or somebody doesn't show up for the day, but the waitress never communicated with us that there were any problems.  if she had done so, or given me a chance to order something quicker, that would have made my experience much more pleasant.Perhaps that would have been acceptable if the food were exceptional, but it really wasn't.  I ordered the Walleye Po'Boy, and while it was certainly tasty, it left a fair bit to be desired.  The baguette was, quite simply, a pretty crappy baguette, and that really did a lot to bring down the sandwich.  It was simply too thick, having nothing of the airy interior and crunchy exterior of a good baguette.  I thought the walleye was great, but the jalapeno remoulade left me wondering where the jalapeno was.  All in all, I could have probably left somewhat bordering on happy if it hadn't taken so long to get the sandwich.I will say, however, that the beer selection was great and reasonably priced, and the service on my beer was perfectly fine.
5	Get the stuffed grilled cheese. Don't even look at anything else. Just get it. One of the best things you'll taste in this city.
4	We get to Alchemy a couple times each month, and it's become a go-to place for us. The food is solid, the service is OK, and the beer selection is terrific.Here are our favorites:- Friday night fish fry. It's way too much food, but the fish is some of the best in Mad'town. You'll have to wait for a table, but if you time it right, it's soooo worth it.- Beer selection. Always changing, and always good.- Bloody Marys. They make their own vegetable juice...so their BMs are a little "sweeter" than others because of the carrot juice, but amazing.- Maize salad. That sucker will fill you up...with goodness- Zaremba burger. I think my GF dreams about this burger at night. That's probably why there's sometimes drool on her pillow- BLT. The aoli is out of sight, and they really toast that homemade bread.- Sweet potato fries can be a little spotty, and they're not available on Friday nights, because the fryer is too busy making your fish.If you're going for the first time, here's a free parking tip: on evenings and weekends the parking lot PAST Alchemy (to the South/East) is always free with plenty of spaces.
5	When my husband and I first arrived in Madison from Berkeley, CA, this was the first restaurant that we ate at in our new neighborhood.  I remember us both sighing with relief as we read over the menu taking in the selection of craft brews and locally sourced eats.  While our fears of not being able to satisfy our pretentious palates in Madison were generally unwarranted, to us, Alchemy remains a stand out in the exciting Madison restaurant scene.      Three factors pulled us to this restaurant when we were deciding where to eat out in the neighborhood (and when should have been making dinner at home): beer, food, and ambiance.  A big wave of excitement would fall over us as we sat down and the table and got our first look at the tap beer list, which is a carefully selected list of great (relatively local) brews that rotates very frequently.  Lots of high gravity beers here served in goblets, which inspired one of my signature phrases when we are out and about, "I want a big beer in a tiny glass!"  The food is generally very good with the stand out being the very reasonably priced and delicious hangar steak served with broccoli and mashed potatoes.  The Friday Fish Fry is one of the best in town.  The French Fries are extra delicious making it difficult to choose the healthier side option of sesame green beans although these are also really tasty (best to order both sides and share with your dining companion).  Love the desserts, a varying selection of cakes and pies, produced in house or by Honey Bee Bakery. The dark wood in this place lends an air of romance making it a great date spot as long as the live music interests both parties.
5	I was pretty darn pleased I actually had my checkbook in my purse today, for the first time since about 2003.  Conicidence?  I think it was more like destiny!  This was a very down-to-earthy, cozy place (that is cash/check only, be prepared).  While I imagine it can be bustling on a Friday or Saturday night, we lucked out on a lazy Sunday afternoon and were able to park at a table, playing a game and sipping beers for a couple hours.  I really liked the layout of the place, lots of warm woodwork and tables on varying levels making it feel like you're tucked off in your own world.The menu was creative and everything we had was delicious.  I had multiple vegetarian options to choose from and settled on the Matilda sandwich.  The veggies were roasted / grilled perfectly and the dressing was flavorful.  I had the seasonal salad which was also great (although next time I'd request the salad dressing on the side b/c while quite good, it was a little heavy for my taste) The beer list was diverse and affordable, which probably explains why we stayed so long.  Although our charming yet unobtrusive waitress helped as well.  It felt like a neighborhood place with a more thoughtful menu than you'd expect (and I mean that as a complement!).  This is definitely a place I would go out of my way to visit again!
2	Eh... The food is eh... I had a chicken breast with a sauce that tasted like the curry dressing from Jolly Bob's. The appetizer was eh. The service was eh. The beer that's available is decent, but not as good as the one they were out of... They can do so much better with the food. It's faux imaginative.
4	I love this place and go quite often. I have tried many options from their last few menus, all dishes were super tasty. The only reason I didn't go with five stars was because of the service. I have had a few sub-par experiences from some of the servers/bartenders.
5	The Alchemy is a wonderful bar located in a fantastic neighborhood. The food is always fresh and tasty, the staff is extra-ordinarily friendly and the tap beers are always interesting. The choice of taps changes regularly, and they do a stellar job of choosing incredible beers for every palate. Try the sweet potato fries for a unique bar snack and the fish fry is to die for. Cheers to the Alchemy for knowing how to run a first rate, inexpensive and consistently tasty establishment! They are cash only, so leave your plastic at home.
4	3.8Alchemy is one of those places that feels good, and so you return, even though some experiences here are better than others. Alchemy's Bloody may rival Sardine as the best one in town (see photo). They make their own habanero tequila for the Bloody Maria, which is v. spicy and delicious, and they serve it with cheese, sausage, and the usual WI accoutrements, including a beer back.The beer is great. Service tends to be better at the bar. This is one of those places that never seems to catch up with its volume, so service can be slow and spotty when the restaurant is overloaded.The food quality is up and down. The fish sandwiches are usually awesome, as are the sweet potato fries. You must try Alchemy's very own hot sauce and jalapeno jam. Many of the other dishes waver in quality. Their salads are made of uninspiring spring lettuce mix that comes out of a bag--yuck! I think you can often judge a restaurant by its dressings, and the salad dressings, though homemade, need help (as do the salads themselves). Liz Chapa is a dessert goddess and you can get her desserts here. Cash only.Update: Someone from the restaurant wrote me to say, in so many words, that every restaurant in Madison gets their greens out of the bag in winter because greens are hard to procure freshly (and to grow). My point in this case is NOT that the greens come out of a bag; I'm not naive about food & I do understand that greens cannot be grown by restaurants or food distributors in hothouses all winter. My point is that Alchemy's greens are uninspired and look like the spring mix that you can buy at any grocery store. Choose a better mix of greens is my take-home message, if greens are to be on the menu. Sardine is a great example of a Madison restaurant that has found a way to serve inspired salads using ordinary greens. I do appreciate, however, that someone from Alchemy felt compelled to write.
3	Great fries(chips), lousy burger.  REALLY hot.It was like a sauna in there (the other night anyway.)The applerum burger is very plain.  It is hand-formed, so just like when you try that at home, it basically turns into a meatball when you cook it.  The razor-thin piece of cheese was inadequate.  But our server was adorable and excellent and the beer was just right.
3	Solid bar food, and by solid I mean heavy and solid food.Amazing rotating beer taps--drink something you like on monday, it will likely be gone forever when you go back on wednesday.
4	Alchemy is my "go to." I'm not a regular. I don't go here every week. But If I'm ever in a pinch and can't figure out where to get a delicious meal and a great beer, I just come here.I think I've eaten or tasted almost everything on their menu so whenever I go now I try the specials - and I've never been disappointed. I'm a meat-eater. An outspoken meat-eater. So it must tell you something that even their vegetarian options are good and filling.The wine list is decent (although I couldn't care less about the grapes) and their beer list can satisfy any craving.Plus... the service is also top-notch. Sometimes they get swamped, but I've never felt ignored.If you don't carry cash or checks, be sure to bring some. They don't take credit cards - and I hate people bitching about it since it's something that clearly helps their business and ISN'T an inconvenience.
2	Alchemy has decent food and a great selection of beers.  My review is more about their late-nite role as a live-music venue.Here is an unfortunately common experience.  Alchemy advertises a band at 10PM.  I show up at 10:30, expecting a little late start.  No band in sight.  Ask about that and am told the band will start "around 11:00".  They let the band start to set up around 10:45.  By 11:30, still no band but seems we're closer.  Unfortunately I give up so I cannot report what time exactly the band started.  This is not a band-related issue.  It is a club related issue.  Please, if you are going to have music at 11:45, then don't advertise it for 10PM.  Music takes a secondary at best role for this bar.
5	While it can sometimes be a little bit of a wait on a weekend, the wait staff is quick and the food is worth it. The fries are amazing (try the sweet potato ones with jalepeno jelly and garlic aioli on the side!) and the drinks are great, too. Super-helpful management. They have live music, poetry readings, and all sorts of stuff going on throughout the week. Superior beer selection for a place I don't think of primarily as a bar, and I've always had great help from the waiters choosing a beer to go with my meal. Cash/check only, but they do have an ATM on the premises!
4	Well now, moving up in the world a bit perhaps, are we? The last two meals there have been pretty stellar and satisfying. It's a rare occurrence in these parts. Service is service, but my expectations aren't too high.
5	Loved it! All the food our table ordered was great. I had the flank steak and it was not only amazing tasting, but was a great deal. They only take cash so be prepared, otherwise there's an ATM with $1 surcharge. The dessert was SO GOOD! We had a blueberry cheesecake that was to die for!
3	I'm a vegetarian and light beer drinker and go to Alchemy only because a group of my friends do. Alchemy is to be commended for its expansion of vegetarian items, Now I know that I won't be forced to eat a portobello sandwich, which is very tasty at Alchemy, but what vegetarian wants always to have to eat this or a veggie burger because nothing else is available for us? The maize salad is great --the small salad makes a whole meal. But the latest menu has gone too far. Alchemy should not be trying to prepare Southeast Asian food. I'm a connoisseur of it so was tempted by their Vietnamese Rice Noodle Salad. Unfortunately, it was atrocious. Avoid at all costs.
2	YUCK...skip!Easily the WORST BURGERS I've ever eaten. The burgers lacked flavor even with the toppings. We ordered: Applerum burger and Tinshack smokehouse burger. Both left a lot to be desired. The fries were not fries at all, more like potato chips (some thin and crispy & others thick). The sweet potato fries/chips were good but not  enough to return for. POOR SERVICE. TEPID FOOD. The service left a lot to be desired also. She (the waitress) was behaving as though she was doing us a favor, oppose to her job. The FLIES that kept landing on my plate was the last straw...I couldn't finish my food
5	WE LOVE ALCHEMY!I've only been here to listen to live bluegrass music a couple evenings, but every visit has been pleasant! They have a really good beer selection and delicious food. The sweet potato fries were great and their batch bakery grilled bread is worth coming back for.Alchemy definitely has a local "feel" to it with a lot of personality.
5	Awesome food.  The hanger steak is irresistable.  Really enjoy that they usually have live music and it's free.  Great beer selection and serves food late.Unfortunately it can get packed on some nights (popular bands/events) and hard to get a table or even seat at the bar.
5	wish i could give you ten stars. awesome. amazing. so yummm. one of the best meals i have ever had. sweet poato fries. blt w/ green beans. local. fresh. super great.
5	I love this place! My fiance and I stumbled upon this place by accident when he first moved here to work. We were looking for a place to eat, and we wandered into Alchemy. The food was fantastic. As a pescetarian, we were worried that there wouldn't be many options for me, but I've loved their vegetarian fare. We can come in here and both chow down on hearty fare. No browsing the menu for a long period of time, and finally settling on a lackluster salad here! We also enjoyed the selection of beers on tap they have.
4	Alchemy is one of my new favorite restaurants in town! The food is delicious! I've tried the butternut squash soup (seasonal), butternut squash sandwich, wasabi green beans (yum!), sweet potato chips, portabella pate with grilled bread (unique, vegetarian, and yummy!). All food is delish!!!! They have fun coctails at decent prices, too, such as the Philosopher's Stone (run with ginger beer) and awesome Old Fashions. Four stars because seating can be a challenge at times, especially if you have more than 4 people in your party.
4	I am a HUGE fan of Alchemy!  However, you need to be aware that there are some quirks before you go, and I can only speak for the vegetarian options.Cons:- Like other reviewers mention, the temperature is not well controlled.  Every time the door opens, a cold blast sweeps in.  Try to sit away from the door or in the windows.- The atmosphere is definitely bar style.  I love the low-key feel, but it is not a place to go on an anniversary or a business lunch.  - Parking can be a bit tricky on the weekends.  Generally, it isn't a problem.- They only take cash.- The service is hipster-ish and occasionally disinterested.  However, it has never been rude or poor.Pros:- The food is inventive and outstanding.  I don't care for green beans or wasabi, but the wasabi green beans are unbe-freakin'-livable.  The fried green tomato sandwich was a fantastic culinary romp.  My dining companion loves their chickpea salad - which is very good. - The location is great for hanging out in the Willy Street/Atwood area.  There are great bars around it for after dinner drinks.Overall, go with the right mindset and you won't regret it!
3	Pretty good place. First visit tonight, not something to write home about but not the worst either.First, the atmosphere can be quite loud like you would expect from a bar. It fills up in there so come early or you will be waiting.Wear layers because its quite warm inside. The door offers a blast if cold air every now and then but overall warm.Carry cash or have your ATM card- they do have an ATM in the bar with only 1.00 fee so nothing outrageous.Service was very slow. We asked for a straw with the water, never saw that. Also they do not have steak sauce so inward told I could get their homemade version, didn't see that either. It took quite a while for someone to notice we needed a box and bring the check.The food, only bright spot in my visit. Excellent fish fry & hanger steak. I am sure I will return at some point but not my go-to spot.
5	The food is phenomenal!  So many vegetarian/vegan dishes.  The stuffed grilled cheese is delicious as is the Bison burger.  The tables are apart from bar but you still get the feeling of being in a casual spot.  Service was great!  Highly recommend this place.
1	Good drinks. The perch sandwich was bizarre. The bread slices were bigger than my bedroom pillows, and sadly the perch was very under sized. The fish looked like 4 goldfish fillets. Inexcusable plating Mr. Chef!
4	WHAT THE "H" MADISON? (I'll stop yelling.)I'm not certain why the reviews for Alchemy aren't better, because they should be. Have you been there recently? Do you need to update a lackluster review? Do you need to write one because you love it and you haven't yet? Help these peeps out, more folks need to know about the awesomeness inside. The place has (in my opinion of course) one of the best burgers on the Isthmus and their sweet potatoe fries/chips are out of this world good! You can sub the standard burger side for the sweet frites and they charge a nominal fee. It's worth it. The staff is simply delightful and the place serves the full menu pretty darn late. Head there on a Thursday or Friday and you'll probably be treated to some tunes if you're there late enough. It gets loud, so know that if you're going in a group you'll be taking in the music more than the convo. Parking sucks donkey balls but that's no reason to knock these guys. You'll have luck a little ways up on side streets. So go. Eat.Enjoy.Write. I'm telling you, these guys deserve more credit than they're getting.
4	Great burgers! Great (hand-cut) chips! Nice tap beer selection. I'm a fan.
5	Alchemy never disappoints.  From a ever changing beer menu to their very solid menu (heavy on the sandwiches), Alchemy fires on all cylinders.  Be forewarned...it is not a huge place so it fills up quickly and they don't accept credit cards (but there is an ATM onsite).Last Saturday, I started off with the sweet potato fries.  Homemade and twice fried, they were absolutely delicious.  It is accompanied by two different sauces for your dipping pleasure-one a tarragon mayo, the other a jalapeno-blackberry jam.  On their own or together, they rock.My entree was the Tinhouse Smokeshack Burger,  A bison burger topped with smoke and carmelized onions, green peppercorn bacon, greens and muenster, the burger was ever better than the description. I have been there too many times to count and the consistency shines through.  Be also to try their homemade desserts as well as their daily soup and entree specials.One of my go-to places...you can't go wrong!
5	Wow, what a great place.  We had the sweet potato fries and they were great and the blackberry jalapeno jam that came with it was amazing.  My hubby had the hanger steak and it was very tender and delicious.  He especially appreciated how easy it was to sub out the potatoes that came with it for a really nice salad.  Very nice side of carrots with that dish as well.  I had the daily special which was a pulled pork sandwich with ham and pickled eggs and it was so good and so big.  I had a salad with it too and really loved the beets and nuts and goat cheese in it.  I would go here again in a heartbeat.  The service was great, and they did a nice job fixing up the restaurant without losing the neat character of all the old wood in the place.  Can't wait to come back and try something else!
4	Alchemy is a great little gem in the Atwood neighborhood. They have a really great selection of beers that changes all the time, and I would argue one of the best Friday Fish Fries in Madison. The menu is casual, but everything is really delicious. The bison burger never disappoints, the sweet potato fries are killer (raspberry jalapeno jam dip is freaking amazing), the chicken wings are ENORMOUS, and the wasabi green beans are a kickass side.Don't accept credit cards, so bring cash. Waitstaff are always great and super attentive, but it gets busy and fills up fast, so get there early or be prepared to have a drink at the bar while you wait.
4	consistently good food. great house burger. always creative specials. typically an excellent beer list, but recently I've noticed they've been focusing a lot on WI brews which, imo, are average on average. a seat at the bar is my favorite spot. the bartenders are usually pretty cool and fun to chat with and are good for an honest beer recommendation. nice space. no tvs. good music. expect to wait around dinner time, just grab a beer and hang out.
4	Alchemy is easily my husband and my go-to place to eat when we can't decide. They have an excellent rotating tap selection and the food is local, delicious and cheap! Whenever possible, try the specials, especially the Batch bread plate of the day! My only complaint is that when they do Friday Fish Fry, they don't offer their amazing sweet potato fries. Also lots of great vegetarian options, which makes me very happy. I recommend the Matilda sandwich, the Maize salad, and my husband recommends the Tin Shack Smokehouse burger. The service is generally good, but sometimes leaves something to be desired. Also expect a wait if you go out after 6pm on weekends and many weekdays.
3	As in the one photo their sweet potato fries are sweet potato chips. They come with a delicious jam, but the chips are not stellar alone.  They sometimes are overcooked, not very "meaty" and some become more done than others.  One visit the oil needed changing, this could be tasted in the fries/chips themselves.  I'll still be back regardless.
4	Had a bison burger with a side of salad. I asked for it medium rare, but I got it well done, which I ended up not minding too much because the bun and the toppings were just right. Well balanced in texture and flavor and perfectly stacked.Salad was a real salad with beets and candied nuts and goat cheese and not just greens, which was kind of nice.BF had fried perch sandwich. It looked delicious, but he ate it all before I could try it. I could try the fries though. They were nothing like regular fries, but they were delicious!I think I will be back!
4	I had a very nice lunch at Alchemy. I had the fried perch sandwich and it was delicious. My one complaint is that I might have preferred a thinner slice of bread because it was a bit overpowering. Overall the balance of the flavors of the sandwich was nice and I would definitely order it again.My mom went with the stuffed grilled cheese and Alchemy fries, both of which she really enjoyed! I got a chance to try the fries, which were crispy yet still soft and absolutely amazing!The star of my meal at Alchemy was the daily soup special, a coconut, beet and ginger puree. The waitress let us a sample the soup before ordering it, which I really appreciated. Upon my first bite I was so in love that I ordered a bowl on the spot and proceeded to finish the whole thing. It was amazing!I really enjoyed the atmosphere and food at Alchemy and will definitely return to experience their outdoor seating this summer.
5	One of my favorites in Madison.Went recently and got the grilled cheese and butternut squash soup. Both quite tasty. Would recommend either if you go.Service was prompt and friendly. The bartender was extra friendly. I got a mimosa and they gave me the tiny bottle as a sidecar!I was a little weary about going hear knowing how much I love the Owl next door, but this place was just as great!
4	I tend to overlook Alchemy sometimes, due to it's proximity to my house. That is a huge mistake because it is awesome!Last night, my sister and I sat outside (blissful) and split their specialty mac n' cheese and a salad. We are STILL raving about that mac....omg...so amazing. The salad was good, as usual.Our server was personable, knowledgeable and efficient. I generally have a good experience there with service, however the only reason I knock off one star is due to the fact that a few times, I went in there just for beers and I felt like the server was annoyed with me for not ordering food.In general, I love this place and I'm so glad it exists in the 'hood.
4	So now that I live on the East Side, I've come to really appreciate and enjoy Alchemy. Yes, it's small, and yes, there's almost always a wait for a table. Yes, they only take cash, but hey, there's an ATM that only charges a $1 fee.Despite those very minor inconveniences, the place is a true gem. Nothing beats sitting at the bar, enjoying one of the awesome taps they always have available (or a classic cocktail, or a very reasonable bottle of vino), with a plate of grilled bread (which comes with a spread/dip that changes regularly), and then splitting an entree with a friend.I've yet to have something that isn't delicious; from salads to fish frys to the bella burger - it's all superb. Service has been consistently good, and the vibe/feel of the place is so welcoming.Go. You won't regret it.
5	Possibly my favorite place in Madison; I can't say I had a regular spot, but this is as close as it gets. The burgers here are phenomenal -- large, not overcooked, with lots of inventive toppings -- but the food is quite good overall. They have a solid (and ever-changing) tap list, along with a couple good cocktails.Alchemy isn't large, and the placement of the raised bar can make getting around awkward at times, but in general I've found this to be a supremely comfortable place to grab a meal and a beer. The servers and bartenders are always welcoming and attentive, and despite the weekend crowds, I've never felt rushed. It's cash-only of course, as many people have noted, but the ATM inside doesn't make it much of an inconvenience.Not a whole lot I'd improve -- great casual food, nice atmosphere, and a lot of character.
4	Decently priced drinks. Unique beer list. Friendly wait staff. Didn't try the food, but will be back to do so in the future. Came to see a band play.. which wasn't the best idea. Too many people in such a small space makes for a suffocating evening. BUT I still did enjoy my time there - it's a great place to meet up with friends - and will be back again (maybe when it's less busy)! ")
5	Great food, fantastic taps, and the best sweet potato fries in town.  I probably eat lunch here more often than any other single venue.Cash only, but there's an ATM inside.The sweet potato fries are well-executed, and are incredible dipped in the jalapeno and blackberry jam.  I seldom eat there without ordering them, though it's best to share the platter with a friend.  (Note they reserve the fryer for fish on Friday.  No fries for you!)If I can resist the daily special, I'll order a small maize salad.  (The large is too much with the sweet potato fries.)  The spicy garbanzo beans are a delicious way to deliver protein in a tasty vegetarian entree.When introducing friends, I also recommend the stuffed grilled cheese (my wife's favorite), which incorporates veggies in with the cheddar and Swiss.  The toasted sourdough holds up well to the filling.The hanger steak makes for a fantastic dinner.  The wine reduction with rosemary complements the beef well, the gorgonzola providing sharp contrast.
5	The cheap and good burger bar place. Gem of the Atwood area. AWESOMO. I love the beef thingies like burger, steak sandwich etc etc, chicken thingy was good and fish thingy was good. Lol, I'm terrible at names, but hey they change the menu often enough. Get the sweet potato fries here, awesome dips and HOW do they make it so tasty!?!?! Just a note, the normal fries give the same goodness but are made of normal potatoes. The wasabi peas, ooooohhhhhh good. Seriously, not very spicy but full of flavor. And my newbie today, quinoa salad, WOOOHOOOOO.My dish tonight was FANTASTIC. I've never had a better steak anywhere. I had the daily special honey and bourbon steak sandwich. Flavors were bursting in my mouth, the steak was so nice and chewy, and it has the cream cheese I love, reminding me of Bob's bad breath. mmmmm mmm mmmmmm. I usually have only half a burger, but I'm proud to say I FINISHED IT ALLLLLL.Other favorites of mine are stuffed grilled cheese and the regular menu burgers, all done really well!My man had the pineapple BBQ ribs, the flavor was top notch, but the ribs wasn't fat enough, so it wasn't soft and chewy..Bring some cash, come on by (if you forget, there's an ATM). Might be crowded, even on weekdays, but its worth the wait!!!
5	The defining objective of alchemy is most famously known as transforming base metals into gold or silver. Alchemy the restaurant is most famously known for transforming base ingredients into delicious meals. I've only had their burgers, which are all amazing. Even their vegetarian burgers are good. Try the Bella if you are not a meat eater; it's got a balsamic vinegar glazed portabella mushroom steak accompanied by gorgonzola ranch, fried leeks, tomato, lettuce, and swiss cheese between two soft, freshly-baked buns. If you're looking a real burger, get the Zaremba burger (if it's still available; Alchemy's menu is seasonal and subject to change.) It's got bacon, a green olive and shallot salad, tomato and swiss sitting on top of a juicy 1/3 lb patty. Pure heaven. Add a side of cilantro cucumber quinoa salad and you have yourself the perfect meal. In addition to amazing food, Alchemy also boasts a strong cocktail menu and beer selection. Not to mention live music some nights. If you have a Bike Benefits sticker, you get $1 off drafts. So...what are you waiting for? Come taste the magic.
3	Really, it's a 2.5 but I rounded up.  It's fine, but it's upscale bar food and the hype really raised my expectations.  I have to start with the no credit card thing - I typically avoid those places like the plague - it's the cost of doing business, you should absorb the cost rather than passing on the hassle to your customers.  But, the place is jammed so clearly enough people don't mind.  I was told the beer selection was the best in town - um, no it's not.  It's fine, a really nice selection, but it's not the best in town by far.  I had the Houseboat, chicken sandwich brined and blackened with a habanero basil mayo, really nice.  But the fries were pretty greasy.  My wife had the fish fry, really loved it and opted for the wasabi green beans, good option.  But, really nothing beyond  A-OK for me, and the no credit card thing makes Weary Traveler my standout preference.
4	So my sister and I were traveling through Madison and we starving.  We found Alchemy, and I figured it was a type of place we'd both maybe like - we did ...Overall Pros ...  unpretentious place, good food, reasonable prices, nice menu, reasonable beer prices.Overall Cons ...  Didn't see any signage about the lack of credit card acceptance.  It's OK that they are a cash place, but make it obvious on the menus.  Yes, that cash dispensing machine is there, but what if you only have a credit card and you don't ever use it for cash and don't know your pass code, of even if you have a pass code?  Service was good, but we were not asked if we wanted a second round of drinks (we did) and we were not offered more water (which I needed).  Also the waitress we had was attentive but since we were outside and she was attending to patrons both inside and out, we waited a rather long time for her to come and accept our payment - I finally walked inside and tried to pay by credit card and learned it was cash only.  So my sister had the basmati rice with vegetable curry $10, and she loved it - especially the yogurt sauce.  Washed it down with a pale ale from Longmont, CO and it was only $4 - which was a nice surprise.  In the Chicago area we'd pay $6 for the same glasses of beer on tap. I had the hanger steak on fries with zucchini and blue cheese.  The portions were just right I thought, and the steak was prepared well, but the fries were not fries about $14.  They were disc-like in shape, over cooked by a lot, hard, greasy, no flavor and very disappointing. I had a non alcoholic beer and at $3.50 it was perfect for me.   I would return if I come back to Madison. There are other restaurants in the vacinity I'd like to try too, but I would come back to Alchemy first - with cash next time, and I would bypass the 'fries'. .
5	Simply fantastic.  Super solid food, great drink selection. A favorite spot for many on the East side of Madison.  Can get crowded.  So you may have to wait for a table or something to open up at the bar.  However, worth the wait.  Or... You can enjoy another area bar while waiting.  One Barrel Brewing is just across the way.
4	7/20/13 My wife and I biked to the Alchemy and enjoyed one of their awesome burgers.  They had Ale Asylum's Triple Nova on tap which we couldn't resist!  We also enjoyed a Rogue's gin & tonic.  We took the lemon and blueberry topped cheese cake to go.  It was really good.
5	Best service ever! We sat at the same table for 5 hours (ate dinner and watched live music) and received our order of water within two minutes! Nice cozy atmosphere and yummy meals too!
5	Fantastic! I absolutely love coming here & am never disappointed. I have yet to eat something less than delicious and memorable. My only complaint is that we never have room for dessert. And that I can't choose between menu items ;) This place is not for you if 1) you are offended by tattoos 2) you like substituting ingredients in every dish instead of trusting the combinations planned 3) you insist on credit cards (as they only take cash, ATM on site though)... For the rest of Madison area though, enjoy!!!
4	It took me 3 years before I found Alchemy. In the past 7 months, I've been there at least 15 times.Great beer selection, friendly service, and CASH ONLY (note the caps for emphasis). I learned pretty quickly.But, most importantly--the food! All local, all delicious. However, there's one standout: the sweet potato fries. YOU MUST ORDER THEM. Seriously. Even if you're somehow deathly allergic to sweet potatoes, they're worth a brush-up with death.Yeah, that good. Alchemy rules.
5	Great beer selection.  It's hard for me to branch out and get something else besides the stuffed grilled cheese sandwich.  Try the Wasabi green beans as a side!
5	ok- the CASH ONLY policy was a bit of a shock, especially since I indulged quite a bit before closing my tab.  They do have an ATM, but it's rather odd that they don't accept credit cards.   That aside, the food and drink selection was great.  I had the flank steak with the chips, which were some of the best 'homemade fries' I have had.   It was a good portion and tasted great.    I also had too Ana Palmers, which are a must in my mind, and I don't really care for mixed drinks.  I only decided to try it after sitting at the bar and watching them make them over and over and over.  Obviously, people are ordering them for a reason.   The alcohol is a bit hidden, but on a hot day or the start to a night, they're a good fix.   I will definitely be back.    It's a great bar with great food.
3	A solid 3 stars.  I'm not sure where these 4 & 5 star reviewers are eating--or not eating-- if they think this food is that good. Alchemy tries to be something it is not.  I totally get what they are trying to do, but its not exactly working.  There are so many ingredients, which I believe are supposed to make the food experimental, but the flavors don't blend or play off of each other.  They work against each other.  For example, the "stuffed grilled cheese"- which was basically a raw vegetable sandwich with cheese- had 2 kinds of cheese, which cancelled each other out.  The pesto mayo just confused the situation.  The quinoa salad sounded good in theory, but not in execution.  Tasted like soap.  The over-hyped sweet potato fries were good, but nothing that hasn't been done before.  Of the 3 items, those are the only I would order again.  The 2 dipping choices, while as offbeat as they were striving for, didn't compliment the fries.  In this case, they didn't ruin them either though.  It worked out ok but more by luck than any kind of culinary skill.   Food came out quickly, prices were ok.  I wouldn't be opposed to giving them 1 more try, but its not like I'm in a hurry to come back.  I get that they are trying to be "Madison", but if you have to try, maybe you shouldn't.Edit: I realize this comes across a little harsh, but that's only because of the (somewhat unbelievable) glowing reviews.  The food isn't bad, but with so many better options in Madison (and on this street alone), it just isn't a top pick for food.
4	Alchemy - Transforming simple ingredients into great mealsThe dictionary defines alchemy as any magical power or process of transmuting a common substance, usually of little value, into a substance of great value.  That pretty much sums up how I felt about my recent lunch visit.   They transformed a group of simple ingredients (spare ribs, a roll, swiss cheese, some greens and mayo ) into a memorable dining experience that far exceeded my expectations from a bar and grill setting.  I visited Alchemy on a Sunday morning after a leisurely October bike ride.  As soon as I walked in I realized I used to frequent this location years ago when it did business as Wonder's Bar.  Frankly, not much has changed and that''s a good thing.  Back in the day, I was a fan of the elevated bar, all the rustic woodwork and lots of natural light and the new owners maintained all those features.  The tabletops were clean as were the floors.  The volume level  of the TV was a little too high for my liking, but most of the bar patrons were there to watch the Packer game, so that was expected.Service was great as well.  Our server was energetic, friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.   The drink and food orders were delivered promptly and our server stayed on top of beverage refills.  I ordered one of the daily specials, the pulled spare rib sandwich.  It was a good concept that was well executed by the kitchen.  The tender spare ribs were moist without being greasy.   While I'm usually not a huge fan of tarragon, but I liked the hint of tarragon in the mayo. it worked well with the other ingredients.  The sandwich was topped with a handful of fresh watercress that added a nice textural contrast.  An the roll used for the sandwich was fresh and was in proper proportion to the fillings.The sandwich came with a side of wasabi green beans which I thoroughly enjoyed.  I usually avoid green beans since they tend to be overcooked, but I appreciated the fact these beans had a little crunch to them.  The wasabi seeds were a nice accent to the dish.   I was expecting the wasabi to dominate the dish, but it did not.  I was a little disappointed in the much-hyped sweet potato fries.  I thought they were fried too long, so the natural sweetness of the potato was masked by a  bitter aftertaste.  Some of that bitterness was overcome by dipping the fried in the jalapeno - blackberry jam that accompanied this dish.  The tarragon mayo that worked so well with my sandwich did not work as well with the fries.  Overall, I was impressed with the food and service offered by Alchemy - definitely a step above the typical bar and grill experience.  I plan to return to try more of the menu items.
4	I feel right at home when the first thing asked of me upon sitting down at a table is, "Bloody Mary's?" On a Sunday morning recovery lunch excursion, our server didn't have to ask us twice. Their Bloodies have the perfect amount of spice and flavor - definitely a fan.For food, I opted most recently for the BLFT, which OMFG, why have I not been requesting my tomatoes to be fried in a beer batter for every sandwich I've ever eaten? I went with a cous cous salad with pumpkin and walnuts for my side since it was the special for the day. It's all about balance, my friends. My companion hammered through the Tinshack Smokehouse Burger with fries and after taking a bite of the burger, I almost went hobbit on that lunch and devoured both our meals. I think I'm still trying finding green peppercorn aioli under my nails. Yum. Ew.Warm ambiance and a casual setting with anything but casual food. The only downside is they only take cash but the fee for the ATM isn't too lucrative. Get at it.
5	I enjoyed my Alchemy experience so much I've been twice in the past week....despite the cold and rain I had to walk through!  Not only is it a great bar, but the food is amazing...so much better than the average bar food you'll find at other places.  We've brought out of town friends here a couple of times so far and everyone thinks it is great!  Last night I had the hanger steak with rosemary red wine reduction and blue cheese....SO GOOD I've been craving that dish ever since.  The atmosphere is great-with the mirrors it looks much better than it really is but it has the cozy local feel that make you want to come again and again.  I'm really glad I found a new local spot to return to again and again!#yelpnewvember
3	My first time to the Alchemy, I asked for a burger without bacon or pork - the waitress informed me they don't have beef burgers without pork because they mix the two meats together. While some enjoy this flavor, this recipe piece isn't mentioned anywhere on the menu, or the website, so eat at your own risk. The fries and service were amazing though! :-)
5	Oh. My. God. So, the burgers are delicious, great beers on tap, great warm, old-school wood-paneled atmosphere... Yes, and yes. But the impetus behind this five-star review was the chicken tzatziki taco special on December 19. Please, please make these a regular menu item! Ah. Maze. Ing. Especially with a hopquila margarita! So good!!! If you haven't been here, go!
4	What a great place to be on a blustery, snowy evening! Enjoyed good food and drink with two wonderful university students. We all completely enjoyed our food. The Boat House included a moist chicken sandwich and the quinoa salad. The grilled cheese was very generous and perfectly prepared. I had the BBQ pulled pork which was absolutely delicious. Required a fork and knife as the bun was soggy upon arrival. I had a wonderful salad of greens, beets and goat cheese. We all enjoyed our beer choices. My porter was dark, creamy with a bitter finish. Perfect with the pork. Excellent service.
5	I can't get enough of this place! It is open every day from 11:30 to bar time, the food is fantastic and the wait staff is super friendly!  Beer selections frequently change-which is a plus.  My family loves the place--we have been here multiple times since we first came here after the UW Spring Game in 2013.  I highly recommend the grilled Batch Bakehouse specials, and the Tin Shack Chicken Sandwich.  Alchemy fries are a great side as well. Don't get me wrong-they also have great salads and some vegetarian friendly options too. Only drawback is  you have to remember to bring cash (though there is an ATM next to the bar-not sure what the fees are).
4	Their sweet potato fries and the jalapeno jam... to die for. In all honesty, the sweet potato fries themselves were not that great. But the combination of the two is AWESOME. They are cash only, so come prepared! But if you're not, they have an ATM next to the bar.
5	The BLFT, sweet potato fries and Friday Fish Fry are my favorites at the Alchemy. Cozy and comfortable atmosphere, just bring enough cash to cover your tab because they don't take cards.
4	Alchemy was suggested by my daughter who lives locally and has enjoyed this restaurant.Except for a pretty loud atmosphere (bar is adjacent to eating area), this place is as close to wonderfulness as a place could get.Staff are great! Amanda explained dishes to us and service was quick and helpful.We enjoyed Canyon Rd Chardonnay, appetizers of a zingy clam chowder ( after all it was Friday Fish Fry night in the midwest!!), house fries, the fish fry meal of cod and I myself devoured a cucumber/cilantro/quinoa salad plus the roasted butternut squash coconut curry, which is so delicious.I have always said to my friends, Los Angeles has nothing on Madison for food, style, or fun things to do.Alchemy could plunk down in any city and please everyone.They accept personal checks and cash- and there is an ATM right there to save you if you realize while choing down you used your last cash moolah to pay for your organic baby diaper carrier, parking, or the Badger Bus from Milwaukee.Believe me- it was a seating challenge but the table with bench was perfect: we had a baby, 4 adults and it was Friday at 5:00... This place is crazy good!!!
4	Wow. Went here with family while visiting Madison last week. Hit this place because it was Friday, in Lent, and they have cod!The place is smallish so get there early. It fills up fast. Clean it is. Nice staff. Great menu. I had the clam chowder as a starter it was very nice. Rich and creamy although a few less potatoes and more clams are my preference. It had a real nice finish with a bit of a peppery kick. My sister ordered the house fries and we shared them. I was so glad I got more with my entree. They are cooked and seasoned perfectly. My meal was the fried cod with the aforementioned fries and the house made slaw. This included four huge pieces of fish. Fantastically flavored. Great batter and light flakey fish. Terrific! The slaw was creamy and gad a bit of spice to it. Really complimented the fish? Great selection on the fairly priced menu. Full bar too. We had a nice bottle of Chardonnay with our meal. $20. Seriously? Great price there! Keep it up. We will return!Everyone enjoyed it and we will be back.
2	I had been to alchemy once before and the food was pretty good both times. However, my service was so poor the second time that I feel compelled to write a review.    First, please never order their Kalamata martini unless you love drinking extremely salty drinks! I asked my husband to try it just to make sure I was not off base and he totally agreed with me that it was actually undrinkable (like sea water).     I had asked my server about the martini ahead of time and got a very vague and unhelpful description. I then made the mistake of ordering it. When I tried it and politely said to the server, "I am really sorry but i am not enjoying this drink at all," I was interrupted by her and told that because it was such an expensive drink, she would have to charge me and that she could not replace the drink. I accepted this answer even though I was irritated by it.  Then I very calmly asked that in the future, if asked about the drink, she consider emphasizing the salty quality to future customers. I was met with defensiveness and attitude. I did not order another drink during the night and the whole experience did put a negative spin on the evening. I wish this place would understand that it is behaving in a way that is penny wise and pound foolish. Had they responded in a kinder way, I would have bought more drinks that evening and would have returned to the restaurant in the future but now I won't. Seems hardly worth the small cost of replacing the drink to me!
5	I love this place, so comfortable and "real."The hubs and I had the special burger tonight made with Black Earth beef, portobello mushroom, spinach, Swiss cheese and onions carmelized in the Ommegang Glimmerglass beer. Are you kidding me? Who thinks of these combinations? It was SO good!Paul had their "chips" which are their house fries, and I upgraded to the sweet potato fries. I figure I might as well go all the way if I'm going to eat a burger.My husband loves the rotating beer taps and watches their Facebook page for updates. They go through the specials quickly, so stop in within 24 hours of them posting a special beer if you want to be sure  they have a pint for you.They also make a great brandy old fashioned and a hopquila margarita with lemongrass ginger kombucha! Again, so creative!
4	I was in town for the Wisconsin/BYU game that day with my gf and two other friends, and while we were driving in we had found this place on Yelp. Luckily we got in right before the rush because this place was packed within minutes after we sat down! The beer selection was great, highly recommend the Amber Ale they had on tab, just plain delicious. This was my first time in the area as I'm from NJ, so getting cheese curds was an absolute must. They were great, very lightly fried, bite size pieces that were easy to eat and enjoy. I ended up getting the Turkey burger there, which was just flat out incredible. We had flown in around 8-9am into Chicago and we arrived into Madison around noon, so we were hungry after our travels, and I believe I speak for everyone I was with that day when I say it flat out hit the spot. Great atmosphere too, being that it is in a college town, a lot of energy and the staff was very attentive and polite. If you are in the area, it's a no brainer, this place is a gem!
5	I do not hesitate to declare Alchemy the best Friday Fish Fry in Madison. I've tried Toby's ... I've had Dexter's ... and Alchemy is my favorite, hands down. You get 4 good size pieces of cod, with a golden, fluffy breading. It comes with green beans or fries, coleslaw and a roll, for about $12.50. Oh and I almost forgot their make their own gourmet tartar sauce here too -- it doesn't come straight from a jar. If fried fish was healthier, I'd eat here every Friday.I just realized I recently reviewed Alchemy, but after having their fish last week and visiting other restaurants that were supposedly the "best" in Madison, I felt I had to come back and review their fish again.
5	Amazing food at a super price. Had Maise salad and stuffed grilled cheese with cous cous salad side.  Everything was super delicious. Fast service. Friendly environment. Super airbnb host recommendation. Would highly recommend to all. Just bring cash:)
3	Alchemy is definitely A-OK but nothing better. First, there's always a long wait for a table so don't try to get in on a weekend evening without planning on hanging out at the (small) bar for awhile and grabbing a cocktail or beer. Second, the food is good but not spectacular... except for the pate special! Whatever kind of crack they put into it, it's always amazing and the bread is perfectly toasted and delish. Third, the ambiance is pretty good overall, and they often have live music on the weekend, which makes it a good place to go on a date or with a group. So, really, Alchemy is a place to get food that sometimes is tasty. Overall, MEH.
3	I had high hopes, but sadly they weren't met. I am a big believer in judging a place, at least initially, on their burgers. I had a basic bacon cheeseburger with fries. The fries were great. Skin on slices of potato, clearly house made. The burger sounded promising: black earth beef. I ordered medium rare and it came out properly pink, but it was dry. I wonder if the beef was "too good" for a burger; not enough fat to make a burger juicy like it should be. The bun was fairly dry as well which didn't help. Last point: no credit cards. Normally I'm down with a no CC place, but this is a sit down dinner location and with the prices (which were perfectly fine for the vibe), you'd be looking at $50 for a date night... that is beyond cash only territory in my opinion. Glad I tried it, but not eager to return.
2	Based on the rave reviews, I caught Alchemy on the wrong day. The atmosphere was pleasant, but loud. I wasn't that hungry, and didn't feel like paying $10 for a sandwich. So I ordered the tomato basil soup, which was the special of the day and sounded delicious. The basil was fresh, as were at least part of the tomatoes. But the soup had a thick, almost chunky consistency that made me feel like I was eating a bowlful of marinara sauce. I seriously considered asking for a side of pasta. Instead, I sent my soup back half-uneaten, paid my bill, and left. I don't know if I'll be back, since the menu seemed pricey and I didn't see anything that really piqued my interest.
3	Three star if you don't care for bar food, four if you do. I tried several items ... The soups are thick, the sandwiches are huge (same with the pasta)... But in the end this is fancy bar food. I have to say the brisket sandwich was really, really good if you loose half the bread!
5	I have been to Alchemy twice recently. Last night I shared the Beef Brisket and the the Daily Seasonal Salad with my partner. The sandwich was absolutely yummy. The meat was cooked in a beer concoction and it was tender and incredibly flavorful. The meat was nicely shredded and the sandwich didn't fall apart when you bit into the bun. The salad was less successful. The wimpy greens just couldn't stand up to the strawberries and Gorgonzola. The greens became mushy a word that should only be used to describe your lover's Valentine card. We finished off the meal with a delicate Tres Leches cake. It was the epitome of restraint and delicately delicious. Recently we went to Alchemy in the evening just to have dessert. We had an amazing tort and were treated to the sounds of the Oak St Ramblers. How cool to walk for a few minutes, eat a homemade treat and revel of the sound of a truly east side institution. I love my neighborhood!
1	Update: some one sent me a negative "compliment" on Yelp! calling me some really fun names and saying the "no cards" policy is at the top of the menu. It may be there NOW, but it wasn't when we were there. You know how I know that? Because when I complained to the waitress about the cash-only policy not being on the door, where it SHOULD be posted, she would have told me it was on the menu. She didn't.  Also, I'm a very careful reader (I'm an auditor by trade)- I would have seen it, and so would my coworker. So nice try, but no. Besides, the larger point still stands: not accepting cards, in 2014, where more consumer transactions are by credit or debit card (42%) than by cash (40%) (stats as of 2012, I'm sure the gap is much wider now), is just friggin' STUPID, and it  inconveniences customers. Why would you do that??? Oh yeah-- you'd do it to keep from documenting all your transactions to avoid paying taxes. Or at least some people would. I'm sure these fine folks would never engage in such unseemly activity.-------------------------------------I was sitting here writing a 5-star review for this place while I waited for the check. I had three really good paragraphs on how good the food was. And then everything changed. "Sorry, we're cash and check only. We don't accept cards."I cannot begin to properly articulate the absurdity of this. Seriously??? In 20 frickin' 14, when lots of people don't carry currency, much less check books, you don't accept cards? Really???And to make it worse, THERE'S NO SIGN AT THE ENTRANCE warning patrons of this ridiculous policy. So you are done eating and in their debt before you realize that you're boned.  Anyway, the waitress says there's an ATM on premise, but it only works sometimes. Yeah, well, it didn't work for me or my coworker. So next we were directed to a bank down the street with an ATM. Luckily, some other diners told us about a much closer place across the street with an ATM.So after being embarrassed in front of all the folks sitting around us and walking across the street to withdraw money (and paying a fee to do so), I was finally free of this awful place. Good food or not, I'd never go back because they don't have the courtesy to forewarn people about their nonsensical payment terms. Unreal.Also, if our server is reading this, you got a minuscule tip because I deducted the $3 in ATM fees I lost over this episode, plus $1 for the embarrassment and $1 for having to walk to an ATM. I know you didn't make the no cards policy, so it's not technically your fault, but you were sort of unsympathetic (my coworker said uppity) about it, and perhaps this will cause you to encourage your bosses to reconsider this foolishness.
5	I feel the need to respond to the David f. review from August 15th 8days before this post. You owe your waitress a good tip and an apology, she was "sort of unsympathetic " because she was busy and felt explaining the concept of cash for goods and services was not a productive use of her time.staying polite to you and your sense of entitlement was more than you deserved. You could have confronted a manager or an owner instead of the person who can't say or do anything without jeopardizing her job. when you attack the smallest weakest person around,that is being a bully. if you ever get a burger cooked  medium when you ordered medium well you should kick a dog or punch a cow,or tear up some neighborhood tomato plants. be sure to avoid the cook, as s/he might have the capacity to knock you on your ass.
4	it says on the menu, cash/check only. yeah no sign on the door, but should there be? had the burger and sat at the bar and drank some fantastic beer on tap. good service on a busy friday nite from tenders. burger was top notch, person next to me had the friday nite special fish fry, heaping plate and he said it was excellent. excellent atmosphere, excellent food and pretty good service on a busy nite.
5	Excellent food and service at the Alchemy tonight! Tere was our server and she happily saw to our every need while we dined on savory fish fry n some amazing cilantro, lime, chili pepper w garbonzo beans salad...YUM! With a delicious freshly juiced bloody mary to boot :-)And it didn't break the bank !
5	Had a really great experience here earlier today. The place was jammed but I found a solo spot at the bar. The girl behind the bar served me a water without me asking and a menu. She told me right off the bat that they were running low on some menu items because they were closing for a few days the next day and they were running down the inventory to avoid spoilage and loss. I appreciate being told that right away before I try to order some thing(s) and then being told that they're out. Anyway, I scored the last Tinshack Smokehouse Burger which was a perfectly cooked medium rare bison burger with all the fixins. Complemented perfectly with a tap of Founders Dissenter...a beer I had been wanting to try! Thanks for being open on Labor Day and thank you for the terrific meal and outstanding service!
4	Fresh, exciting, exquisite. A great breath of fresh air. Great beers available to pair with some bangin' ass comfort food. Why ask for more?
4	I love spending the evening here with good friends and good beer. It is lively but laid back and the food is delicious.Get the Matilda. It's sooo good. The first time I went to Alchemy, I got the salmon and immediately experienced order regret after I tasted the Matilda. The side veggies and salads are always really good as well. The bison burger is similarly on point.It's a good time, as long as you're willing to get a drink an wait at the bar if its a weekend night.
5	Alchemy has easily become one of my favorite restaurants in Madison. There are so many delicious choices on the menu, but my all-time favorite is the bison burger. It has bacon and cheddar and some sort of aioli. The seasonal salads are always amazing, and the sweet potato fries with blueberry jalapeno jam are fantastic. Those aren't on the menu right now, but you *can* order ribs with that jam/sauce on it. Their cocktails are good and draught beers are solid. Even if you go early, there *will* be a crowd, so be prepared to grab a drink or chill for a bit before you're seated. It's a small place with huge popularity, but absolutely worth it. Cash only, but ATM inside :)
4	Every time we go here, I tell my dinnermates, "This is the type of place I want to own some day."The fries are killer (sweet potato and regular)--definitely dip them in the tarragon mayo.  Every time I've ordered the special it's been fantastic.  The grilled cheese is probably the best grilled cheese that's ever happened in the history of grilled cheese (I recommend ordering it with bacon).Don't get the steak--I've had two people say it sucks.  But everything else on the menu is damn worth it.YES, it's cash only, and YES, that does catch you by surprise if you're not a regular (or sometimes if you are and you drink a lot, like I do)... but at least their ATM usually works.Would definitely be 5 stars for food and service alike if it weren't for the cash only issue and the aforementioned subpar steak.
5	The food at this place rocks! and it is consistent. We've been going there  regularly for a few years now and never had a bad meal. Service is usually very fast and efficient albeit not so friendly. Place can be loud when busy so don't expect to have a meaningful conversation but the food is a great value for the price. It's also one of the few places in this area that serves food after 11 PM.
3	I'd actually give Alchemy a 3.5 with a nod to sourcing locally. I always find the service to between so so and OK. The quality of the food is great, but the portion size can be pretty modest on some of the menu items for the price. I had the Bison Bacon Burger today. I'm a big fan of bison. I ordered rare and it came out a solid medium. This is a hazard of almost every Madison kitchen - over cooking burgers. This is especially important with bison. The patty could also have been more aggressively seasoned. At $10.50 with a choice of sides, it's a top end burger, given that the Alchemy is right across the street from Player's, which is perhaps the best burger joint in town (albeit no bison at Player's). I'm sure I'll be back - I'm interested I trying the fried green tomato BLT.
3	Their vegan curry is well-seasoned and delicious. However it didn't feel like a complete meal. (No tofu or legumes.) I wish there were a sauteed tofu add-on item.Make sure you YELL "vegan" when you order -- the space echoes too much for the poor waitstaff to hear clearly!A fun place.
4	This is by far one of the greatest places to dine in Madison. Although very small, it is worth the wait. The menu isn't very big, but everything they offer is worth trying. I personally like eating dinner here, not so much lunch. The one issue here that always drives me absolutely NUTS is the ATM machine (cash only establishment). Dude, INVEST IN A NEW MACHINE! I have been coming here for years and there is always some handcrafted sign on it that explains why THAT night it isn't working for some arbitrary reason. My favorite is the sign that says it "works sometimes." I would think that this establishment would make a pretty penny, due to it being so damn delicious and neighborly, but for the love of Pete, make an investment. I think its just super irresponsible and annoying.. Other than that one thing they clearly have no interest in fixing, support this local place because it is totally worth it. *Cash only, don't forget.
3	The atmosphere was cool, my burger was basic... The fries were great and so were the Bloodys! The BBQ and ranch was also amazing. Service was kinda iffy though, we were enjoying our drinks after our meal and just relaxing and our server asked if we wanted our bill because she was done with her shift soon. It was kind of awkward and made us feel like we were over staying our welcome.
5	Delicious food, love the $6 tasty cocktails! Always a fun place to take visitors and friends.
4	Solid spot for drinks and burgers.  It's a great atmosphere - warm, bustling.   Great Moscow Mules.
5	I would be perfectly happy if I could eat nothing but soup, salad, and fries from the Alchemy for the rest of my life (which is convenient, as I work right next door.) Their pork belly chowder is truly a revelation!
5	This place has amazing food and great live music. I highly recommend the bison burger and sweet potato fries. They don't charge a cover but come with cash because they don't accept cards.
5	The cocktail selection is very fun. The food is such a great price for the quality and quantity! There is a nice variety of vegetarian and carnivorous. The atmosphere is warm and cozy.
5	Alchemy is one of my very, very favorite dining/imbibing establishments anywhere.  Everything here is somewhere on the spectrum of excellent to amazing.  The staples on the daily menu are fantastic - their burgers are some of Madison's very best, and the specials, oh, the specials!  You have to go early because people are onto this place and they sell out fast.  It's worth the effort to get there, and it's worth the wait, even if it's crowded (it often is).  Bring cash or your ATM card.The beer list rivals the food menu, with often-rotating beers including some that aren't seen often.  It's definitely one of the best tap lineups in town, and this is a beer town.  Alchemy is a very casual, unassuming tavern that doesn't necessarily tip you off to what awaits you when you order, and that's part of what makes it such a cool place.  This is a somewhat short review but that shouldn't imply there's not a lot to say about Alchemy, because I could go on and on.  You'll be glad you don't have a lot to read because you'll get there sooner!
4	The grilled bison burger was the best of any type burger I have tasted in Madison and beyond. The  chip-shaped French fries were also delicious and deep fried in fresh oil.The squash soup was spicy, but not overpoweringly so.  The ambiance is old and rustic- bare brick, wood floors, tables and bar.  My only quibble was the loud rockabilly which echoed almost painfully off the bare brick walls.  They were nicely obliging in turning it down to background level.  No plastic accepted.
3	Pricey!!! But the food was sooooooo good!!!!!! Again another one of those places in Madison which are good to go once in a while.
5	Really enjoyed Alchemy.  Went with my girlfriend and thought it was a great spot for a date but I think it would be great for groups.  We were seated right away on a Saturday night and the service was really good.  Beer selection was good, cocktails were really good, and the wings are incredible.  Loved the cheese on them and they had the right amount of heat.Will definitely be back.
4	I've been frequenting this bar for years.  Its just a short walk from my house.  Here's my overall take:Pros:-Good burgers made with organic meat-Reasonable prices-nice beer selection (a plus for my husband)-the desserts are FANTASTIC!-Food service till midnightCons:-doesn't accept cards (not even debit cards, who's fees are nominal compared to credit cards)-when busy service tends to take a dive-I've tried a few of the other sandwiches (the fried walleye and the BLFT) and they were less than stellarOverall, If you come in with enough cash and order a burger you'll probably leave happy.
4	Drinks are good/different, a little pricey. Get the hanger steak.
