4	This was one of the better Mexican food restaurants I've been to in Phoenix.  We did go on Monday (when they first opened) so the service was kinda "meh".  However, the food was very good.This is Mexican food, not TexMex.  It's not like Valle Luna (which is good that they aren't).  It's been rough finding GOOD Mexican food in the Phoenix area.mmm Chips and dip... their salsas were really good... not full of vinegar.  Their "hot" has good flavor, but isn't so hot you can't eat it.  Bean dip was REALLY good too!  Their chips were good and weren't oily either.  They have a **H U G E** menu...The Carne Asada was really good!  It's a sirloin steak topped with green chiles. Garnished with guacamole. Served with chile relleno.  Probably one of the best I've had in Phoenix.My wife got the spinach and cheese enchilada verde.  It came out with 2 friends... (3 of them). They have their special sour cream (onion flavored).  It was very good too!
2	Sadly, I was not impressed with this place. I was excited to see a full service Mexican Rest. in this Chandler area besides bar food, seafood, steak and italian.  My husband and I stopped in for lunch during their opening week. I was not impressed with the food. The floor had food droppings on carpet. The staff was friendly however, the hostess/worker (?)  had her family (small children) running all around. The place was not busy but it still was annoying!  We have dinned here before under previous Steak house ownership, all they have done was took down the rustic pictures and painted walls with BRIGHT colors. Thought it would be more upscale Mexican food...but I will go to  Chipotle across street it is fresher!
2	Well, it used to be Long Horn steak house. So hey new Mexican place. Tried it out for dinner the other night. The menu is pretty much what you expect from typical Mexican joint. Nothing interesting besides your typical Mexican fare. Got the complementary chips. They are alright, on the salty side. I ordered a dish of pork with green chile (the name escapes me at the moment). It came with soup. Your standard veggie soup really. Whoa, horribly over salted. Same comment from the gf. With my entree it's not bad, and once again OVER SALTED. It's like the cook over salts every single item on the menu! OMG! And I love salty food! I crave salt! I typically eat stuff more saltier than most people. But yikes! I couldn't even take that! They need to fix that ASAP. A lot less salt and it'll be an OK Mexican place. I think I'll go to Abuelo's instead.
3	if your in the mood for cheap greasy Mexican food you found the right place, food is not that bad it is a little too salty don't even try the soup if you cant take a pound of salt. If your craving Mexican it does the trick cant beat the price the chips & salsa are free with any meal and it is the best part I would compare it to filibertos it it were a restaurant that served you only thing is El Palacio has better salsa
4	I have eaten at the one in Kingman, the food seemed the same, but the atmosphere at this one is much better.  Overall, its pretty good, I had the El Padrino, its kind of like beef fajitas rolled into a burrito with cheese on top...My wife had the Mexican Flag, I didn't try it, but she said it was also good.  They bring huge glasses for your soda, or water, or whatever, this I love as I tend to drink a lot, then have to wait for the server to refill my glass.  Before your meal they bring out beans, and two kinds of sauce, a hot and a mild.  The beans were OK, the mild sauce was a little sweat, and the hot sauce, while not that hot, had a good flavor.  We also tried their Creme Brulee, again pretty good.  On top of these things was the service, very very good, which to me is a huge part of the meal.  I would definitely go back.
5	Suprise! I've been there twice and both times, unexpectedly, they gave us a free appetizer and desert! Not sure if this is standard practice or not, but between those 2 freebies and the unlimited chips and salsa, we wound up taking home a lot of our food to eat the next day.Nice place, good environment, good food, great unexpected freebies. They have earned my return trip(s).
1	I gave this place 1 star because of the salsa.  Other than that this was most likely one of the worst places I've eaten...and the service was horrible as well. Frozen, soggy. The rasberry tea had no flavor.  People...really...do not go here!!
2	Service was OK.Underwhelming Gringo Mexican food.Chef specialties don't come with rice & beans...Cheese crisp was greasy even for a cheese crisp.I kept thinking I could have eaten here and had much better food for less:http://www.yelp.com/biz/el-ranchero-chandler
3	Good food.  They have some interesting and pleasant variations that aren't normally found around here.The beans and salsa are always excellent.The Happy Hour is good, but the service in the bar area is really bad (sat in the bar several times and it is always the same....slow, inattentive and sometimes downright rude!).  Also, as is typical in the Phoenix area, they have two light beers, one wheat beer and a dark beer on tap, but no regular beer (you know, a lager or pilsner!).  What is up with that?  So now you have to either order a bottle or go with a soft drink.All in all, we like the food and go back often.  If the service was better, they would get at least 4 stars and if they had a regular beer on tap, maybe 5!
1	I would not recommend eating here.   Service was very slow, six people six different entrees all bad.
3	I loved the food here!  You have to have their burrito entree, I think itls called The Godfather burrito, it's so delicious!  The problem with this place 3 out of 4 times i have been there the service is bad!
1	This was the worst Mexican food I have ever eaten!  When you arrive you get chips, two tomato based salsas (one mild, one hot) and a bean/meat dip that seriously looks like baby diaper remnants!  The chips are more on the thick side, and the salsa's are a little bland.  I ordered a lunch special with three burritos (all dry-no sauces on top).  One was pork, which was very tough, grizzly and tasted like it had been reheated from the night before.  Then came the machaca burrito.  The machaca was ok, but nothing to write home about.  It did have about 3 strips of peppers and onions in it.  Finally came the bean and cheese burrito.  Not sure how they prepare their beans, but it is just not right!!  I am glad my lunch special was so inexpensive, as I would have been mad if I spent more than the $6 that I did!  I'd recommend skipping this joint and heading to Macayo's or Serrano's if this is the style of mexican food you like!
3	Holy cow! We took on the El Bandito burrito. I wasn't expecting the flavors to be that great. Normally when places offer a 28 inch burrito it's more of a gimmick but this was surprisingly good. For 4 or 5 people it's a good hit and a cheap lunch. Can't wait to try more of their dishes. Salsa was outstanding.
2	I am all about trying new mexican restaurants since it is pretty much my favorite type of food. So I decided to try this new place that I had seen while shopping in Chandler. When we walked in on a Saturday afternoon, the restaurant was surprisingly close to empty. Not a very good sign considering that several other places that were in this building before had gone out of business. In any event, I was still excited after reading that they actually served you bean dip with your chips and salsa. Not too many other places do that. My excitement went down the drain when the bean dip came. It was greasy and resembled chili. The taste was not what I had expected. Needless to say, I didn't like it much. If you want great bean dip, go to Serranos! Theirs is amazing. However, the mild salsa was pretty good. For my meal, I decided to order the pork enchilada with ranchera sauce (the waiter said the ranchera sauce was great) with a pork tamale and rice and beans. The enchilada was ok but didnt have enough ranchero sauce. I like my mexican food to be smothered in sauce. GO BIG OR GO HOME! The tamale was nothing memorable. What also bothered me is the beans that were on the plate were exactly the same beans as the bean dip that I disliked. WTF? There is a difference between regular good ole refried beans and bean dip!!! The worst part about my meal is that there was a hair on the plate! The husband ordered a chimichanga with shredded beef. He said it was decent but was not happy with the tiny amount of sour cream and guac they gave him. They also pretty much piled lettuce on the plate. I understand most mexican places use lettuce as a garnish but this one had way too much. It looked like a salad topped with a chimichanga. To end our meal, the waiter brought us 2 complementary fruititas which were wonton wrappers filled with a mixture of fruit, deep fried and topped with sugar and cinnamon and accompanied by whipped cream to dip. These were the best part of the meal I would say. They were amazing. If I had to come back, I would just order these and these only!!! So to wrap it up, El Palacio was ok, not good, not bad. The service was fine and the prices were decent. My issue is that there are sooo many other mexican places in the area that are great in my opinion. Therefore, I dont think I would return here unless someone else wanted to try it. I will just stick to Serrano's, Abuelos, El Charro or even McCayos.
1	I worked in Mexican restaurants for 12 years, and have eaten in them for 40.  Yuck!!  The server was nice, and enthusiastic about the food.  I ordered the El Diablo burrito with pork, or something like that - called out as really spicy on the menu.  It was a giant, open ended burrito with sauce that looked suspiciously identical to the salsa served with the chips.  I asked the waitress and she said, "yes, it is, but it's better because it's like, baked on there".  The inside had a good amount of day old dried pork chunks, with clumps of uncooked green onions finely chopped, along with raw cilantro in clumps.  It was disgusting, I felt sick for 3 days, and only had two bites!  My sister had a spinach enchilada and relleno plate.  The relleno was soggy, and by the time she got to the spinach enchilada, the lime green colored sauce on top was congealed.  She took one bite and pushed it away.Will not go back!
2	First time we went, we had to walk out.  We didn't get service at all.  Not even a drink order.  But since we just moved to this area, we really wanted to find a great local Mexican place so we tried it again.  I wasn't super impressed.  Actually, I wasn't at all impressed.  It was okay food.  Okay service this time.  Their menu didn't offer the Mexican style I was hoping for.  It felt ... off to me.  Can't explain it.  They seemed to cater to either a nothing special appetite or a huge appetite, but not in between.  Does that make sense?We did like the salsa and chips.  I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon though.
1	Run of the mill Mexican food with typically lousy service.  We've been several times and the food is usually decent. This last time, it took 20 minutes to refill drinks and 40 minutes to refill salsa, causing us to wait about 10 minutes to eat our bland food and calling for the manager.  Then to top it off the rice was raw and crunchy.  We won't be back after this worst experience.
4	Food is great.  Service has always been fantastic.
4	I liked the salsa the great service. Food has wonderful flavor. I tend to be picky about what I eat but really liked the options they had for me since I don't eat meat. They were family friendly and my kids liked eating here too.
5	I think El Palacio gets the shaft here on Yelp. I have been here a few times and every time they have been super nice, i've had quick service and great food. It's always hot and exactly what I asked for. I've never had a problem and they even have given us free dessert twice! Im a fan and will keep going back!
2	I have to say, I really do like the food at El Palacio, but after numerous trips with awful service, I'll no longer be going back.Although, I think the service varies depending on who your server is. We've been (un)lucky enough to have the same male server in the bar area every time we've gone and he's the absolute worst!  It took about 10 minutes for him to even ask us what we wanted to drink and then dissapeared for quite awhile.  He was even nice enough to hand two of us a very hot plate, right out of the broiler.  Then he just dissapeared completely, never asking if we were ok, needed drinks, or were ready for the check. We ended up asking the busser for some boxes.So suffice it to say, this is our last trip to El Palacio, despite how good their food can be some times.
5	The crummy service I have experienced here is OVER! The rude waiter has been let go. Thank you! I LOVE El Palacio & make it a point to visit  once a week. The lunch specials are very cheap & you get TONS of   delicious food.
5	I'm pretty surprised to see all of the negative reviews about this place. I go there quite often both by take out and sit down.     I can agree with slow service, especially on salsa refills, it seems to take forever and sometimes not even worth mentioning...   However, their food is pretty good. I had an issue tonight with my dinner and the manager took good care of me, replaced my meals even though you could technically say it wasn't their fault.   They didn't question it, they quickly replaced it and sent me on my way.
5	We've eaten here twice and both times we were absolutely delighted! The wait staff was excellent and the food was fantastic! I have only tried the burritos and these are HUGE! One burrito fills up the plate for just $9.95. The first time I tried the house special burrito with large chunks of juicy steak along with spicy jalapenos and onions with a zesty sauce. The second time I tried the carnitas burrito. It was AWESOME! I recommend that you order sour cream as a side for your burrito and bear in mind that this is the traditional Mexican "crema" and not the kind of sour cream you and I get at the store. I have to say that the food was delicious both times and that the service was impeccable both times. My favorite so far is the carnitas burrito with green sauce. It is the traditional slow roasted pork with jalapenos, onions and other peppers. It is spicy! Try it! You'll thank me later.
4	Pretty good food. Had to wait forever for drink refills....that is my only complaint. Overall the staff is very friendly
2	The Good:  The Salsa is pretty good, they give you both a hot and a mild with your chips.  They also provide a bean dip that isn't bad either.    The Bad:   The food is nothing special.   I got the shrimp burrito and all it in it were bean, rice and five shrimp.  For $12-$13 bucks i was expecting a little more.    My wife had the carne asada tacos and wasn't that impressed either.We went on a Friday night and they said it would be 20min wait.  No big deal it is a Friday night I thought.  But when we were finally sitting down half the place was empty.    So i didn't really get why we had to wait.The waiter was unorganized, he gave us a check that had items on it we didn't even order.   To top it all off, its was really hot in there.   Its Arizona in the middle of summer for god sake.  If your going to serve sub-par food at least keep the place cool.
5	We've been here a few times now and every time have left a happy camper. The salsa is really good and if you are one of those guys that has something to prove they have this crazy huge over 2 foot burrito. Good luck on that buddy.Service and food quality and variety have been consistently good.Robert Pfeifer
4	My Fiance and I decided to try this place out recently and we liked it! The chips, salsa and beans that are served prior to your meal were good! It was a nice introduction to our meal :) Food had a really good taste to it. The meat was tasty. Overall, good place!
2	Not that great, this "mexican" is very TV dinner-like. I was not impressed, I would only go back if I had to.
2	I read most of the reviews, and many of the complaints were service....for us we had no issue....fantastic waiter.  I left him a great tip, despite the food.  The chips and salsa were good, but that was the best part of the meal.  The chile re Leno was awful, enchiladas....tasteless....  Best part of the meal was my son's kids meal.  When you wish you would have ordered a kids meal...I think it says it all.Will not be returning..
3	This is a really good spot if you have kids.  The food is mediocre, if you're looking for real Mexican food this is not for you.  It's comparable to a Ruby Tuesdays or Applebees - inexpensive, quick, and caters to families or groups.
3	(2 1/2 stars) In the Phoenix area, where I was born and mostly raised, I have been to more disappointing restaurants than I can count..  My family has their stand-bys (La Casa Blanca in Chandler is one of our favorites and so was the Gecko Grill before they shut it down), but we decided to give this one a try over the holidays.  This place was pretty solid if you're looking for a cheap place to feed a family.  At the hostess stand, we were informed that all appetizers were free in the bar area during happy hour--so major points there.  We decided to sit in the dining room though, and there was one poor guy running the entire floor all night.  So service was slow, but given the circumstances, I think the server did a great job.To start, they have 3 types of dips to offer with the chips--a bean dip, a mild salsa and a spicier salsa.  The mild salsa had too much cilantro for me, but my family seemed to enjoy it. The spicier version was delicious and loaded with garlic. The menu was (almost too?) extensive and had lots of things like burgers and chicken wings on there mixed in with authentic Mexican (menudo, anyone?) and Tex-Mex. I had the "A La Carte #2" option which, true to its name, came with a single chile relleno and a spinach enchilada.  The relleno sauce was almost inedibly salty, so I had to scrape quite a bit of it off, but the pepper itself was good.  The spinach enchilada was pretty delicious, though, again, salty. My parents gave mixed reviews on their seafood chimis...I had a bite and didn't like it....I think there was fake crabmeat in there somewhere so it just tasted weirdly fishy. My sister had a chicken tostada compuesta, and she seemed the happiest.I also had a margarita on the rocks...not the best I've had, but good.  Also tried the frozen mango margarita, which was kind of watery.  We topped off the meal with fried ice cream....the fried bowl with cinnamon sugar was better than the ice cream itself, which tasted like the grease they fried it in...mine was saved by the .25 shot of Kahlua poured onto it.  They also offer chocolate fried ice cream, which my sister didn't like....it wasn't my favorite, either, but it was nice to see something unique.  Because of the slow service, the server threw in a plate of these mini fried things stuffed with apples...not sure what they were, but I enjoyed them.All told, it wasn't anything stellar, but I would come here again.
2	Decent chips and salsa, the free app was a nice touch but way under staffed for a Friday happy hour in the bar. Bartender was swamped and was the only one servicing the large bar area. Food was ok.and prices were not too bad (no food specials for happy hour). Wish there were other local options in the area.
3	We stopped in around 8:30 on a Saturday night and the place was very empty. Good service...chips and salsa were brought immediately and our drink order was taken. Good, strong Margaritas! I really liked the salsa too. I wasn't very hungry so I ordered some mexican pizza appetizer thing which I did not care for. I did try some of my boyfriends veggie fajitas though and I though they were very good! I would try it again and order something else. I haven't written this place off yet. :)
1	Lets start with the service. HORRIBLE! Slow and not personable. The food was just OK also. Seemed like a dead place for having such good reviews on Yelp.  Don't think I will ever go there again.
5	I like this place a little more everytime I go there. On Mondays they have killer margarita specials and on Tuesdays they have $1 tacos. I'm not talking about crappy dollar tacos that you get at Taco Bell neither, these are delicious, crispy and loaded with goodness. The machaca are my favorite but they are all really good. They bring you chips and salsa with bean dip as soon as you sit down. Their hot salsa is really good and the chips are nice and hot when they come out. This is gonna be one of my new hangouts as they have NTN trivia, reallly cool bartenders, great food and they are close to my house. Score!
2	First visit here.  As usual I order the chimi on a first visit to a Mexican place.  It was fine.  Not great, but not bad.  I wouldn't avoid this place, but I wouldn't make a point of visiting again either.Service was fine (perhaps a little slow).  Food was OK.  Chips were fresh (warm), which I like.  Salsa was fine (nothing special).  Really rates 2.5 stars, but I don't have that option.  And it's not worthy of 3.
5	I live in the area of this restaurant, and we decided to go for happy hour on Tuesday. I had low expectations for this place. I was impressed they had Modelo on tap for $2, which is a major plus! The chips, salsa, beans, and hot salsa were excellent with free refills on the chips and salsa. $1 tacos on Tuesday! I was expecting a small crappy taco, I was wrong! This taco was awesome, and you cannot beat the price!! I found my new Taco Tuesday place!!
3	They start with complementary chips and salsa which include two excellent salsas and bean dip. I tried the "Mexican flag" for lunch, a combination of three enchiladas for just $7. Excellent value! This is a big restaurant, perfect for large groups.  Unfortunately it took my server about 15 minutes to greet me and get me a soda.
4	The PlaceeboBy The RueI finally checked out El Palacio,I didn't drink but I did eat though, Chips and salsa and a few tacos,Next time I'll try the desert burrito.The refried beans are homemade, Motorhead sings Ace of Spades,My hi-top Vans are made of suede,I had my first kiss in the fifth grade. Tuesday tacos are just a buck,When you're feeling down on your luck,This place can restore your pluck,"Cause I'm the nurse who likes to....." -Ferris Bueller's Day OffGet your tortillas in corn or flower,I'm not sure what it's like at happy hour,I'm sure it's anything but dour,Before you come please take a shower. Como?
5	I have lived in Chandler my entire life and I have been to just about every single Mexican food restaurant in the greater Phoenix area. This place is the best hands down! They have the best salsa and chips. Their food is great and for the price you can't beat it. If you haven't been here you owe it to yourself to try it. You won't be sorry.
4	Fantastic chicken tortilla soup! Very fresh ingredients, white chicken meat, fresh not tomatoey broth, tiny tortilla strips and no cheese! Perfect!
4	We went last night for Mom's birthday and had a good dinner. I was pleased with the service from the waiter who another reviewer referred to as a jerk - we sat just outside the bar area, had prompt service, were provided silverware without asking for it, had the specials explained to us. He went so far as to help us get a little extra food for free with the special and upgraded my mom's marg for her birthday.The marg itself was good and the place has a good selection of local beers all on Happy Hour.The food was good, love the rice and the beans - nothing dry or overcooked here. The chips came out fresh and crisp and warm. The only complaint I had was that my "empanada" came out in a folded over tortilla and not as a dumpling of sorts, which was really disappointing. I like the breadiness of an empanada - if I wanted a tortilla dish I would have ordered a quesadilla or another taco. The filling was good though and I enjoyed the salsa and the pico de gallo that came with the chips.We were a little disappointed that the salsa bar is only available Tuesdays and Sundays, but we'll just have to come back. My dad swears by the habanero hot sauce.
4	Love this place!  The bartenders and food are excellent.  My only gripe with this place is that every time, and I mean EVERY time I have eaten in the dinning room, I have had horrible service.  The food is still fantastic, but the service goes right out the door along with my patience...  So my advice, sit at the bar or at one of the tables in the bar.  They are in the process of builidng an outside patio, I PRAY that the service is like the bar so I will be able to enjoy the outside this winter, but seeing that it is connected to the dining room... my hopes are very low.
3	OK, First time here and maybe the last. We sat outside which was a little more intimate. Standard chips, salsa, and bean dip was better than average. I ordered the Chile Relleno. The batter was fluffy and the cheese was still semi-solid and flavorless. There was a tomato sauce on top that did anything but complement the already failing dish. I tried my friend's beef enchiladas with red sauce. He said they were dry as in not enough sauce and the sauce tasted bland to me. The beans and rice were a little salty. I am not impressed. Next time I will go to Abuelo's by the Chandler Mall. For a few dollars more I would have actually enjoyed my meal!
3	I can't believe this place doesn't let me carry my .357 Mag in.  That's probably why it took me so long to try this place.  It's difficult to eat at an establishment that doesn't support my 2nd Amendment rights to bear arms while eating chips 'n guacamole.  Last night I finally ventured in.  Despite feeling unsafe and under protected (and after praying really hard to not get shot by the taco robber), I went in with my wife (egads, she also was not allowed to carry a firearm!) and partook of delicious chips, salsa that actually had a very nice flavor, decent guac (it'd been better with a little black powder dashed in), tortilla soup (which in all honesty wasn't very tasty until I dumped a whole bowl of the spicy salsa in), and carnitas (which were a little too dry).  Better than the atrocity that is Serrano's.  Not as good as Manuel's (except for the salsa).  Despite my safety concerns and because of its proximity, I'll be back.
2	Tonight was my first and last visit to this restaurant.  A friend had recommend we give it a try, so my wife, mother-in-law, and myself decided we would go on their recommendation.  There were very few cars parked outside the restaurant, which should have tipped me off.  In the end, the service was very slow - not sure why, but they may have simply been understaffed.  The waiter was nice and polite, but we ran out of chips and had to ask to get more, and then had to wait a long time for our check at the end of the meal.  All three of us thought the food was very subpar.  I had cheese enchiladas, which are kinda hard to mess up, but they were dry and had a weird taste.  The rice was not very good, and was also very dry.  The refried beans were the best part of the meal, which my mother-in-law agreed with.  My wife had the vegetable plate, and thought it was passable, but nothing to write home about.  We all gave it a thumbs down and agreed it would not be worth it to come back.  We had just gone to Arriba for mexican food just a few days ago, and found it to be a few steps above El Palacio.in addition, they do not allow firearms into the restaurant, so if you are a law abiding concealed-carry kind of person, you should know that you are not welcome at this restaurant...another reason for a less then stellar review.
1	Having gone back twice, I can now state that their food is terrible.  The salsa is uneven.  The bean dip is good, but it tears me up inside.  Won't be back.
2	I love trying new places and was excited to try this place, but I was very disappointed, as well as a few people from our party. My sister likes this place for happy hour with drinks and such, but we sat in the dining room. The hostess said they didnt have time to set up our table so they just brought silver ware on napkins and set it down. I thought that was kind of rude but all is good. Just simply my opinion.Chips, salsa and bean dip, FABULOUS. Absolutely delicious. I enjoy great starters like that.It was a Saturday night so they were busy but the place was not packed and there was no wait or line to sit. Our server was really nice, but she was so slow. Serving and having that nack for it is an art, but it is teachable. My family has been servers and in the industry for years so we understand the gist of it. She probably did not get proper training because she was so unorganized, and it took multiple questions and attempts for her to follow though to bring us anything before she took off running before we were even done talking. She was really nice and I know she is trying to make ends meet, but the service was bad.Mom had the chicken chimichunga. It was under cooked, flat and absolutely tasteless. I split the carne asada burrito with my partner. I enjoyed it, but the steak (in my opinion) was too big. I am used to it being cut up smaller, but it was hardly stuffed with steak and it was flat. Rice and beans were pretty good, but overall dinner was very disappointing. I felt horrible that night and was bloated. My system just did not agree.Overall, the evening was not bad. Just frustrating with the lack of service, and so-so quality of the food. You could tell the restaurant was very unorganized and no one knew what was going on. There was a table of 6 who left about 30 minutes after we got there, (they were done) and it took over 20+ minutes for the table to even get cleaned and reset while I watched a part of 6 or 7 sit up front for over 20 minutes, and there were some other free tables. We also watched food get brought to the wrong table over 3 times. So even though we were in our own world, seeing all this took away from the experience.I am not sure if I recommend this place or not. I felt horrible after I ate there but I may give them another shot in the future. I was only here once, but to me, first impressions are everything. They are in a great location and I hope they read these and will work on improving their food and system of running the restaurant.
5	I will be adding this place to one of my favorites.  The food and beer were great.  I usually not a big fan of the beans and rice, but theirs were fresh and real good.  They have a good selection of food and beer including some craft beers.  My wife had the El Padriono Burrito and I had the Seaside Delight with a Lumberyard IPA.  Loved it all.
3	ONLY good thing about this place is the salsa.... Entrees are nasty.
5	I LOVE the beans and salsa....the BEST in the valley.  I love, love, love the Sangarita here, too.  It's a great place to have a drink.
1	Ok so... I never thought I would give a restaurant only one star. But WTH this was just an CRAP. You walk in and the decor is ok host was pleasant and they had a taco Tuesday special. What could go wrong??? Well... The service was probably the worst we have ever had, I wouldn't feed the tacos to my dog and to top it off the margarita was awful (how the hell do you screw up a margarita? Well ask them lol). Sorry to say run fast run far I would rather have tacos from a guy selling them out of his trunk in Tijuana.
4	I really love this place.  I love their happy hour - you get a little appetizer on the house as well as a little dessert at the end!  The bean dip and salsa are AWESOME.  The sangria is VERY good, although it is a little too sweet sometimes.  Everything I've ordered here has always been delicious.  Only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because the service can be kind of slow/spotty at times.  Otherwise I love me some El Palacio.
5	I went here for the first time yesterday with a friend.   We had a great experience - first of all, our waiter was one of the best I have ever had in my life!!  He was there when we needed him and so pleasant and knowledgeable.The salsas, bean dip and chips are the best in Phoenix (and believe me I have sampled more than a few)I had the Tostada Compuesta which was superb, really nice greens and very crispy corn tortilla - fresh - served w guacamole.  My friend had the carnitas salad and she was most pleased.Finally I have found a Mexican restaurant that has a nice atmosphere with top food and some native dishes - not just the formula chain stuff that is everywhere.  The menu is extensive so you have a lot of choice.   I can't wait to go back.I LOVED this place!
4	The myth of the farther away from the bar the worse the service has been broken! Jesse is the best server that has walked into this place!
2	While visiting this place for our first time, my husband and I were looking it up on yelp. While alot of the reviews were not good, we wanted to give it a chance. The service was extremely slow on a not so busy day and the food is tasteless and mine was lukewarm.  We gave it a try but won't be back.
2	The salsa is watery and almost no taste. The proportions are also a little too small, but otherwise, it's an OK restaurant if this is the only Mexican restaurant near you. I liked the enchiladas. The waiter was not attentive, never came back after giving us our food. He seemed rushed getting our orders in. My mom ordered the taco salad and she didn't like it. The chicken is supposed to be grilled, but looked like it was boiled or baked without any seasonings.
2	My husband and I dined at El Palacio last night.  We usually go to Arribas, but thought we'd try something new.  We started with the house margaritas, and of course chips, salsa, and bean dip.  All of these were ok.  My husband had the Mexican flag, and I had the Verde enchilada combo (chicken) with a pork tamale.  Both of us commented right away that everything was very SALTY.  I can't say much more about the taste because everything was so salty it just overpowered any other flavor.  On the plus side, I didn't leave feeling stuffed like I usually do at a mexican restaurant, because I didn't feel compelled to eat everything on my plate.  And the mini churros with whipped cream were nice.  Service was fine, no complaints, but the food was not worth coming back for.
2	Nope! Keep on looking if you want good food this is not for you. It looks nice and it's clean but food not worth stopping for. I take it back the dip was pretty good.
1	Of all the words in the English language, only one word sums up this place....FART! The service is horrible, food is inedible, no flavor, no taste, no pleasant smells, over priced, slow to be seated and order placed, poorly lit, small portions, gaudy interior. This is the place out-of-town Caucasians think a Mexican restaurant should look and taste like. The worst part of this experience is that I tried this place twice (lunch and dinner) and both times was a nightmare. You know what they say... first time - shame on them, second time - shame on me!Avoid this place like the plague. You'd get better food at Taco Bell (yes, I nearly choked on what I said - sad but true).
5	El Palacio is by far our favorite local spot. My wife and I, along with friends, dine at least once per week. The food is what you would expect from any good Mexican restaurant, but there are a few standouts. The service is one. Very friendly, fast service, despite the usual large crowd. The second is the chips and salsa. Chips are obviously homemade, served fresh and warm- not chips from a bag like you see in many restaurants. The salsa is home made as well, and REALLY good compared to the tomato sauce  from a can you also get at other restaurants. The tacos are also really good. They load the tacos with your choice of meat- this isn't one of those skimp on the meat and load up on lettuce tacos. We have never been disappointed here and wouldn't eat Mexican food anywhere else in Gilbert.
3	We went on a Saturday and arrived at 11:30.  We were the first diners in the restaurant, and there were two women at the bar.  Service was quick.The Chips and Salsa were as good as any in the area.  My wife had the grilled chicken salad and I had the Mole Poblano.  Although I enjoyed the Mole, my wife's salad was unusual with vegetables that we did not expect in a chicken salad. (squash, 2 types, etc.)We'll go back, but that salad is off the list.By the time we left the place was packed.
5	Love Taco Tuesday, and Kids eat free on Wednesday.  On Tuesdays the mexican beers are cheaper too. There have been multiple weeks where our family has been busy and went two nights in a row. Can't beat the deals. Their salsa is also high caliber.  The hot stuff is the perfect heat.I've been told by others that service is slow but I dont think its any different than any other place in the valley.  Taco Tuesdays are jam packed with people too, so be prepared...
3	About your average Mexican food place..The chips, Salsa & bean dip were all good. And can't complain about the food. I ordered the Shredded beef Chimi. Not to much filling but was tasty. Service was on the slow side. We didn't get any refills on Drink or chips/salsa. **PLEASE STOP** using your cups to scoop the ice with!!!! Every cup was extremely chipped. Not to mention its against health code!
1	The only good thing about this place was the chips, salsa, and bean dip. My sister and I both got burritos enchilada style.  When we got our food, all we could taste was SALT. Then when we took the leftovers home, my brother in law ate them and found a hard dirt clod in the beans. We will definitely not be back! And to be honest, I wouldn't have even given it one star if I didn't have to.
1	The first time I went, I thought maybe they just had an off day. I wasn't impressed.It must have been a year between that first visit and the second. Well, it was during that second visit I remembered why in the hell I waited a year to return.First of all, the service was less than average. I'm all for authentic Mexican food, but my server was so difficult to understand, and understand me, I was wondering if I actually had been transported south of the border.It was NOT busy when we were there, but we were constantly looking for someone to help with the many issues we had during our meal. They screwed up my kids burrito, (how tough is it to NOT serve it enchilada style).My other son ordered beef tacos, he loves tacos, took one bite and was like YUCK! I said seriously, it can't be that bad, so I - being the dad who was raised not to waste food took a taste. - YUCK is right. How can you screw up ground beef? Well, I suppose if you can't serve a burrito plain, ground beef is way to tough to cook and season properly.I ordered off the healthy menu and the piece of meat that came out on my plate would have made a nice treat for my Labrador, but not for me. Now maybe it was because I waited 5 minutes before trying my steak that caused it to suck so bad - but I was hoping to get my son a new meal, (which never happened btw) because by the time the waiter came back, my boy was so stuffed on chips and salsa, he didn't want anything else.AND - the drinks were never refilled or topped off. AND - they didn't even offer to take the tacos off my bill. Hmmm. Customer satisfaction 101 me thinks???All in all, I will NOT be going back here. El Palacio means the Palace...in my judgement, the King and Queen need to get their kingdom in order.
2	It's rare that my Yelpers let me down, but this was one of the few times. Was searching for a new Mexican restaurant just to change things up - this place had overall good reviews, so took the family and my parents here on a Saturday afternoon.Service was slow and not friendly: Place was overall dead - only about 5 tables occupied. Several wait-staff present. First I had to stare down the waiter to get his attention and get our drink order placed, when we were ignored by the waitress serving the next table, who walked by us several times in the 10+ minutes we waited after sitting. He seemed in a rush when servicing us, not sure what else he had to do. In the car while discussing our thoughts of the place, my son told me the waiter had rolled his eyes when he changed his order WHILE he took our initial order. Wish he would have pointed that out then.Margarita was fine, nothing better or worse than anywhere else I've had - not good enough for a second. But the food was why I came. It was soon apparent that this is a "gringo" Mexican place, so I'm rating it based on that. The queso dip was a pretty good start. But when I got my main dish, the Chile Relleno had more batter than I've seen in a long time. Looked and tasted reheated. Rice was very bland and beans had some weird aftertaste and were not fully cooked (al dente). My dad had Chili Verde and was pretty unimpressed with that. Others had fajitas and those seemed to be ok but not as good as other chains. We discussed in car afterward and agreed it was boring, bland and not worth a repeat.All-in-all probably a decent place for happy hour (I noticed they had some pretty good looking specials / pricing). But not a place I'd go for Mexican food. Not authentic and not cheap enough to justify bad Mexican food (our bill for 6 was over $120, including 2 kids and one margarita). The service I'll chalk up to our waiter but definitely deducted a star for that.
1	It was really good when they first opened.  The food was good, the service was excellent.  We went back a couple of times after that and both the food and the service went downhill.  Took over a half hour to get to order after being seated the last time. We swore to never return.
2	It's just not good Mexican food at all. The only way you get good service is to sit at the bar. We still go there to sit at the bar, drink and play trivia, but not for the salsa, cold chips, cold bean dip and blah food.  Unfortunately I can't recommend a better Mexican food place around here either.
3	Good food but not the best... i like the hole in the wall places.
4	Salsa is really good, especially if you like it hot. Normally restaurants tone down the hot salsa but not here. Food itself is pretty good, we tried the burritos. Atmosphere is authentic. Service is average, friendly.
4	I had the three flags. Chicken,  Machaca and pork. Very tasty I also had the Gold Cadillac. It was very good. I would give them 5 stars except they over charged me by a buck. The waiter corrected it and I gave him a great tip. I recommend this place.
2	Overall just not that great.  I got the fajitas and was not impressed.  Service was slow even though they only had about 3 tables to wait on.  I won't be going back - wish there was better Mexican food in Gilbert!
2	Food was ok but service was poor. Inside of the restaurant was bright and not conducive to a pleasant eating experience. Waiter was slow and messed up my drink order. When he delivered drinks to the table he splashed it on the table.You draw your own conclusions.
3	Mini taco salad is the best item I've had here.
2	Best thing here was the salsa. Bland run of the mill mexican food. You can get the same thing at filebertos for a lot less. Ordered the beef fajitas. No seasoning, very bland FLAT grilled meat. My fault for assuming "grilled" meant flame not flat. Condiments include an abundance of sizzling onions with some bell pepper mixed in and a few slices of avocado (no guac), beans and rice and 3 tortillas. The hotter salsa was actually pretty good. Good flavor, nice heat.  Maybe there is better selections to try off their menu but the fajitas were terrible.Service was sparse and slow. Just a dissappointing experience all around.
1	I've read some of the reviews and am not surprised at some of the harsh comments, the truth is they are well deserved. We've been hear twice, the first time during their first month of being open which offered slow chaotic service, bland food and staff that seemed really put out to be helping us. After this experience we knew we didn't want to go back. Fast forward to the day before Thanksgiving 2013, after a busy afternoon and a taste for Mexican we agreed that surely after all this time they've gotten over their opening problems. Nope! Still just as bland, chaotic and full of staff that seemed unhappy to have to serve us. When they first opened we were excited to have a full service Mexican restaurant nearby, now as we drive by it daily it's a sore reminder of what could have been. We find ourselves missing Longhorns Steakhouse that used to be there.
5	Looking for a good Mexican place close to home where we could bring our kids. This place was great! The bean dip was super (my kids loved it) and our food came lightening fast. The pork enchiladas were superb--tender and flavorful. Our waiter was great and even brought us extra chips and salsa to take home with our leftovers. We will definitely be back.
2	Disappointing experience on New Years Day. After we were seated, it took 11 minutes for the waiter to take our order. As I was ordering my food, I noticed that the heavy-set man also happened to be sagging exposing his briefs. Not very appetizing. The fajitas were simple with a low quality meat. The fiesta platter was literally thrown together and not appetizing. The salsa was the only thing good. This place has promise, but given the number of stars on Yelp, it's time for the owners to fire the manager before it's too late. If only Jon Taffer rescued restaurants....
3	I love this place completely love it. It's not traditional Mexican, but it's really good. Chips and salsa is the best. Only problem is service really is bad. But shame on me we keep going back.
3	soso food
4	I would really give 3.5 stars but decided to be generous with 4. We went on a weeknight and were seated right away. Place has trivia to play on your phone so my boyfriend loved that and it was fun to play a game while eating/drinking. Our servers were pleasant and nice, chips and salsas came out right away. Love the chips and salsa, as well as the homemade bean dip! I could eat an insane amount of these! The menu has a lot of options to choose and I went with the chicken fajitas. Food came out quick and was hot! I wasn't a huge fan of the seasoning that was cooked with the fajitas, a little spicy for my taste. Rice and beans were delicious, too bad they charge an extra $1.25 for sour cream and guacamole. The margarita was also really good but $10. I haven't been on taco Tuesday but am interested in checking it out!
5	My rating of five stars is not for the food, it is for the customer service that Ray gave my friend and I. We stopped in today and walked into an empty restaurant. I ordered the seafood chimi which was not so great when it came to the table. Obviously Ray was paying attention to us because he ended up comping our entire meal when we were done. I just want to thank him for being so kind and offering his apologies for the food mishap. Way to go Ray, I may just give El Palacio a second chance some time!
2	Nothing spectacular. Our server was new and was hardly around despite the place not being very busy. I had the Mexican Flag (a popular lunch item per the server) and it left much to be desired. The salsa was decent and chips were warm. All told, we probably won't be going back for a second time.
4	Always a good meal. I come on Wednesdays for kids eat free. I would give it 5 stars but the service can be slow at times. Overall good value and great food
2	The place itself is pretty cozy and inviting.The price ... It's decent. You can get a meal complete with water, chips and salsa, and a main dish for approximately 20.00 (tax and tip included).We dined on a Monday. The bar area was busy, the main dining area had bout ten diners (excluding my party). We were seated promptly, chips and salsa was served timely as well... And it just went down hill from there! :/Service was very sloooow! It seems that the restaurant was very short staffed. Our meals did not arrived for nearly 40 mins, and we waited another 20 mins for our tab. Once we received it, we hand to wait for another 20 mins for someone to help us pay our tab.
4	We have came to El Palacio a couple of times now and we thought the food was yummy, the prices are good and the service was pretty good...(it's funny we have had the same waiter each time and he seems new so a little slow.) We hope to go again soon and maybe get a different waiter or waitress that knows the menu and fills your water up frequently...;-)  Hopefully the owners read this and all up above and make the service a priority...We need a good mexican food restaurant to come to at least once a month. ;-)
4	Excellent food and even better wait staff! Salsa bar is awesome! Would definitely recommend. I will be going back to try more from their menu!!
1	Traveling from CA on business. Really was hoping for good Mexican but was very dissapointed. Fajitas used sirloin steak versus true Carne asada and was over cooked. Waited 20 minutes to get a refill on my drink. Atmosphere was average. Definitely not going to return with so many options available
2	We went there twice because of restaurant .com deals. We tried different items both times and none of the 8 we tried were any good. Not terrible, but certainly not good. The service both times was friendly but very slow. I won't be going back, even though I pass by several times a week.
2	Stopped in to try something different. The salsa and bean trio served had great flavor, the chips were fresh and just right. I ordered the Verde Enchilada with pork tamale combo and my wife ordered the carne asada burrito. While the flavor of the enchilada was pretty darn good the masa of the tamale was ridiculously thick, I would have been able to make three proper tamales with that quantity. The burrito was a massive disappointment, thick chunks of steak in a very flat burrito. Again I stress that the flavors were fantastic but the quantity was pathetic for the cost. Overall- not planning on being a repeat customer.As someone stated before, I'll be surprised if they last another year. For $10.00 more, head across the street to Texas Roadhouse.
3	The food here did not meet my expectations for Mexican food; I'm being generous with 3 stars. There was every bit of 5 people in the restaurant and the service was still slow. Excited to see chips and salsa, I immediately took a dive. They bring out 2 salsa's mild & mildly spicy (that's a joke) and a bean dip of sorts (a ladle of their refried beans I'm sure). Whoa Lucy! The bean dip was horribly salty. No bueno. I tried the shrimp tacos, and for $9  (a la carte) I was quite disappointed. The taco shells had the look and feel of Ortega box shells; I'm sure they were made fresh, but I can't get over how flavorless and grainy they were. The shrimp were hearty though, nice sized. Our server, well....never mind.I would LOVE to find a REALLY good Mexican restaurant. It's sad that I've lived here several years and have YET to find one.
5	This place is fantastic!! Best Mexican food I've had anywhere...and I've had my fare share of both upscale & hole in the wall places. Salsa is consistently award winning, food is quality, and priced very reasonably. My favorite is the Mexican Flag. One of those places you want to support with your patronage b/c you don't want to lose out on such a great place!
1	Not impressed with the service or the food, also we came because of a restaurant.com gift certificate and was informed that they weren't accepting them anymore, even though I had just purchased it today. Our waitress went to check on what could be done, when she returned about ten minutes later she explained that her manager had just left so she couldn't do anything except remove the charge for drinks. I ask what successful restaurant leaves themselves without a manager at 8pm on a Friday? We won't be returning, I suggest eating at any of the other food establishments in the area.
1	Terrible service from Rebecca, charged incorrectly for one of our meals (fajitas) and the meat for the fajitas came 10 minutes after the rest of our food so our table was done eating by the time our part member got their food. Our waitress never apologized and rolled her eyes when we had to ask another server for our check. Needless to say, will not return. On a positive note, chips and salsa were good.
4	This place has the best salsa and bean dip I've ever had.  My husband and I frequently come back for more great food and by now have tried just about everything on the menu.  Our favorites include the el padrino burrito, carne nachos, chicken fajitas, and the seaside delight.  Yum!  In general we share an entree, those delicious chips and dips and leave stuffed.  Average bill for us is usually around $20.  The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because the service is not the best, not terrible but it seems like they are understaffed or under scheduled?
5	Great taste.  Good service!  Good portions.  Beans and salsa are gr8.   The God father burrito is big.  Could easily share.  Quick turn around.  We came Thursday night.
3	They have great deal on taco Tuesday. It's $1 per taco. I bring all my kids for the night so I don't have to cook. Their salsa bar is pretty good too.
4	Great service and great food. amazing salsa and really nice people. Would have gotten 5 stars if the margaritas weren't so pricy. Just a tad too much for 2 drinks and a quesadilla. aside from that its truly awesome
2	Food was below what we would expect for a Mexican restaurant.  All four dishes we ordered were mediocre at best. We went here because it was the only restaurant we could find that had no line on a Saturday night, and trusted the other yelp reviews. After this experience, we will most certainly not return. I presume some of the praise must be from snow birds that are unfamiliar with Mexican food. We knew this place wasnt going to be great , but expected at least a 3...
4	I was very surprised to walk in at lunch time to see that it was not very busy at all. Usually, that's a bad sign, so I was a little worried, but I decided to try it out anyway. Got the standard chips, salsa and bean dip right away, which was nice, because we (family of 5) were all starving.Service was fast and friendly.Food was great. I liked everyone else's dishes better than mine, though. I had tacos- one with shredded pork and one with chicken. The shells seemed just a tiny bit stale, but the filling was good. Because everyone else's dishes tasted great, I'm thinking my "slightly" stale tasting tortillas were just a fluke and I will try the tacos again anyway.There was a salsa bar with a nice variety of salsa and guacamole. Nice to see the guacamole didn't have an extra charge like most restaurants. While the salsa bar was clean and sanitary, I think it needs an upgrade. The bowls were set up on ice on a table and just looked sort of plain. I think they should upgrade to an actual small refrigerated salad bar and it would look much more appealing. Still, it didn't stop me from going back to it twice for salsa refills.Overall, I would recommend it. We had a nice dining experience.
3	My husband and I stopped in before we went to see a movie. We had already had dinner so we only stopped in for a cocktail and some deserts. We sat on the patio which was really nice. We were the only ones sitting at the patio, so we were worried that we would be forgotten about but the service was still rather good.He had a beer and I had a frozen strawberry margarita. The margarita was slightly watered down and could have used a bit more strawberry to it. My husband tried a beer called Victoria which actually wasn't bad at all. I also ordered a frozen ice cream. I went with the vanilla ice cream. The presentation was lovely and I enjoyed the deep fried ice cream. I did hit up the bathroom before we headed out to the theater and I was very impressed with the bathroom. The women's bathroom has a large full sized mirror and the handicapped/nursing bathroom is very large and has ton of room. Overall, it was a nice experience and we may end up going back for dinner on our next date night.
1	I have to say I was pretty disappointed in my first (and last) visit here. Upon walking in, the short brunette hostess/server with braces said "hi. Two?". No smile, horrible demeanor. After that lovely intro, I noticed the interior was very nice but the food immediatley negated it all. Our queso dip was okay, nothing special. The actual entrees were abysmal. I had the 6 rolled tacos which had slim to no meat in them and though I put sour cream and pico on them, the pico was lackluster and soggy, adding no flavor. I ate 2 of them and raised my white flag to surrender. My boyfriend got the enchilada platter and said it was "disgusting". Well, my love, you dragged me here over where I wanted to go, so. We left our plates and appetizer barely touched, paid our bill and left. Yuck. Yuck. Yuck. Never again.
3	Although my kids seem to love it here,  this place is always a hit or miss.  The service is never consistent. We went in today for lunch around 2pm. It was my daughter's choice for her birthday and she invited a few friends. It didn't seem too busy as we were seated quickly with no wait. There was 10 of us,  4 adults and 6 kids.  After getting our drink orders it took a while for the server to come back to get our meal order.  I've noticed this a few times before when it didn't look busy. They only have one or two servers working the dining area but at the same time they seem to be overworked because they're under staffed. The food was great however,  we always get our fill of chips, beans, and salsa while we wait for our meal. I ordered the steak Mexicana which was delicious and cooked perfectly. Again, the server came by once to ask how everything was and if we needed refills. By the time we were done,  we had to give obvious signs we were ready for our check (hubby left with the kiddies to get situated in the car, turn on AC). The server came about 5 minutes later. Our bill wasn't as expensive as I thought it would be which made me feel a little better.  The food is good and priced right to fit my family's budget. Despite the lack of service, we will always come back. Hopefully they will work on getting it better.
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant in town, try the fajitas or the Mexican Flag enchiladas they're delicious. Also, I just can't get enough of the picante sauce. Yum yum
4	I love this place, it has excellent food, great selection for spirts. Overall one of my favorites to enjoy the environment to have  drinks and good laughs while eating food. I will say if your a couple that is just coming in to get a quick bite to eat I dont think the service is quite what it needs to be. Totally a different vibe for thoughs that can enjoy themselves. I rated a 4 only because the service lacks to get a full 5. Awesome cantina hope this helps.
1	Ordered grilled veg taco, veg burrito. It tasted like leafs and beans and they did not add cream, cheese, salsa nothing in it (no spice at all in Mexican food huh!). Didn't eat my food left the place after paying my bill. Will i recommend this place, LOL. One should try it to believe it. Probably was a bad day for me...
4	My husband and I wanted to try a new Mexican restaurant and this was our choice! We loved it!! The Bean dip, chips and salsa were great! We had an awesome waitress (she did say she was new) but fantastic job!! The refried beans were authentic, husband loved the rice too!! The meals were a bit salty for my taste, but otherwise amazing and we will most certainly return!!
2	The food here was just average at best.  I had a ground beef taco and a shredded beef enchilada and nothing really stood out.  There are better options in the area.
2	We have eaten here many times and had great food/service. We ate in the bar area last night and had the worst service/food ever. My margarita was served to me in a dirty glass to start. I was drinking it and it stunk. I then realized there was gunk around the rim under the margarita salt. Next, I order the carnitas rancheras and my husband gets the sopa del mar. I never get my albondigas (choice of soup or salad). I had to ask for it when my meal came out. Then I had to ask again for a spoon. Then I had to ask for the guacamole and corn tortillas that came with the meal! My husband ordered a very expensive soup. He didn't finish it after he ate the seafood out of it. He said it tasted like veg beef broth with seafood thrown in. Nobody ever asked how our meal was or sent a manager to our table. They gave us our bill and sent us on our way. I tipped the server not because of the service, but because I used to be a server and understand that's pretty much all they get. Mind you we have eaten there 5 other times with no problem, but I do believe this will affect us going back any other night other than taco Tuesday. :(
2	Good effort decorating, reminds me of an old dingy Chili's restaurant. It was super dark during the day. What I did like was that they have a complimentary salsa/chip bar during lunch, they have really good enchiladas but do not get the chile relleno, the salad was bland and the tortilla soup was old. My bf ordered a chimi and although it wasn't greasy and gross the options for meat were gross, we're talking chicken, ground beef (?) and machaca. If you are looking for authentic Mexican, definitely don't recommend it, but if u r looking to drink and have some appetizers than definitely.
4	Closest thing to being In Mexico the food is so good the service is always great and the atmosphere is filled with fun..
1	Love mexican food. The good things here were few waitress was great. Great attitude  and helpful. Chips and salsa very good. The rest not so much. The greeter had attitude. One of the worst chimis ever. Wife had arroz con pollo. Our dog seemed to like it. For the prices seems they could afford to put a filling in tortillas. Won't go back.
1	The food did not taste great and my husbands order came out on the cold side. :/ We will not be going back as we were not impressed.
1	The building is nice to look at,  but the food is terrible!  My 2 younger kids both ordered tacos from the kids menu with rice. Both love mexican food and neither could stand the flavor of this salt filled meal. It was like an entire container of salt was dumped onto each plate. I order beans which were disgusting.  By oldest son ordered a carne asada burrito.  He normally can eat anything and turned this food away. We walked away refusing to pay as none of our food was eatable. We will never go to this restaurant again.
4	This is about on par for east valley chain restaurant Mexican food. Nothing spectacular but not bad. I have had a couple things here that were bad... Stay away from fried items. But the fajitas were decent and the chips and salsa can't be beat. Great prices and decent service. Overall, not a bad place to eat if you're in the area.
4	After falling for their amazing carnitas at Scottsdale Spice, I badly wanted to give their restaurant a try so tada!  Saturday Night with the boys commenced!  Walking in was a treat.  El Palacio was all decked out for some Halloween fun!  The donkeys wore dinosaur pet costumes and tacky-yet-adorable vinyls covered the windows.  They also were advertising heavily that they'll be at this weekend's AZ Taco Festival.  I was mesmerized and ecstatic.  After ordering a rich horchata and getting the complimentary two bowls of salsa and a delicious homemade bean dip with some chips, I checked-in on the Yelp app and discovered a "free appetizer with purchase of any entree" offer.  Yes!  This night keeps getting better and better!Our waitress had recommended us to get the Fiesta Sampler for the check-in offer since we're new patrons of the place and it was a great suggestion.  There were cheesy quesadillas, crunchy taquitos, tiny tacos with warm chorizo and potatoes, and dressed-up nachos all on this plate.  It was a lot of food and a part of me wishes they brought it out before our entrees because I was hungry and I was too busy stuffing my face with carnitas to pay too much attention to the appetizers.  Bah. I stuck with my Carnitas Rancheras, not straying to steal bites off anyone else's plate.  It came out piping hot and smelling of delicious meats!  Three warm tortillas stayed wrapped up in their foil and were waiting for me to get my green-painted nails on them.  I piled my little tortilla up with a helping of succulent slow-cooked pork, I spooned some onions and guacamole, added my pico de gallo [sorry El Palacio, I think my pico's better], and threw on some beans and rice just because.  It was an amazing first bite.  Minus their pico de gallo being a bit wimpy, I did find that the seasoning on their carnitas to be light-handed.  Where's the heat, man!?  Make me sweat!  The portions are very generous.  Three tortillas was not enough for all that juicy meat they give you.  The free cinnamon sugar apple-filled taquito-dessert thing with whipped cream they give you with the bill was delish.All in all, I had a great night out with good food and great company.  Service was a bit slow and the wait was pretty killer considering it wasn't even packed nor were there any big parties in the place but oh well.  Nothing great company can't cure.  I would come back for sure.  The Mole Poblano is calling my name.  Help me.
4	Tge service was great...the food was ok. I have nothing more to say. I wasn't extremely impressed.
3	The service was great...the food was ok. I have nothing more to say. I wasn't extremely impressed. This silly thing won't post. I dont like having to add more words to my reviews to get them to post. I believe that some of best messages are brief and to the point. If the business was better, they would've given me more to document.  There was nothing special.....very Vanilla.
1	Stop yourself right now. Walk away quickly.Man, I have NEVER said that about a restaurant anywhere before. Like for the reals. Usually I can find one good thing to say about any place I go to, but this is the exception to the rule.The interior of this place looks like an old Chili's...does anyone know if it used to be? The decor is failing and everything on the walls looked extremely dusty. It is run down in appearance and that was my first red flag.We waited at our table for a good 7-8 minutes before we were even approached for a drink order and even then, we were told that he would be right back to get our drink order. Did I mention the place was not busy? There had to have been a max of three other tables that were seated.We then waited 25 minutes for our food to be delivered once we were able to order...not sure what was going on there...but when the food arrived, I knew immediately that I was going to be in for a long night of bathroom runs if we stayed. I ordered a combo plate with a mini bean burrito and a cheese enchilada. My boyfriend had a chile relleno.I choked down a few bites of rice and beans because the enchilada was out of the question after I precariously tried a morsel of it.Then after very clearly pushing our plates to the edge of the table to signify we were done, ten minutes passes. Our server didn't even deliver our food and never stopped by to make sure everything was ok. I finally had to flag down a busser and ask if he could send over our server so we can pay. Another server came over and took our credit card for us and we were able to pay and get the heck outta there.Will not be back and no amount of coercing or bribery would work. As feared, the bathroom and I became fast friends after this meal.
1	Don't get the godfather you will be on the toilet. Been on the toilet for an hour already. Tony your restaurant is going downhill.
1	Wait service was slow. Rice was hard and not fully cooked. The Chile releno and cheese enchilada was disgusting. Will never go again.
3	Metro Phoenix is a tough place for Mexican restaurants. The level of Mexican food in AZ is very high and because of that, I find that my expectations are raised of any restaurant. Palacio is primarily designed for groups of 4 or less. Lots of booths and not that many tables that can handle more. My family of 6 showed up and waited for nearly an hour, granted on a busy night.  Lots of booths were available, but alas, we simply would not fit. Once seated, the service was prompt and very good. The chips and salsa had decent chips, but really good mild salsa and very good bean dip. The chimichangas ordered had some of the best deep fried flaky crust I've had. The seafood filling was a lot of imitation crab, sort of a turn off.  The carne asada was ok, I've had tastier before. My wife's chile relleno was a complete disappointment.  The breading was way to thick and overwhelming and made the poor chile inside look sad. I have always thought that restaurants should resist the temptation to fill their menu with items they think they should have rather than items that they do really well.  Palacio's chile relleno is a good example of that. In the end, this is ok Mexican food in an area that is rife with great restaurants.
5	Love this place.   It's nice to sit back, play trivia, have a drink and have chips and salsa.  My favorite is the chips and bean dip.  The pork and sour cream is so yummy!   Roy the bartender/Manager takes good care of us and remembers what we like with food and drinks so half the time we don't even need a menu.   Everyone is always nice to us whenever we come.
5	Always great service and food choices.  Roy always does an outstanding job!
3	Family lunch today after church service. Good service, plenty of chips and delicious salsa to munch on. Food was great, portion size was great. Price was reasonable. I would recommend to all.
5	I discovered this place after trying their tacos at the AZ Taco Festival a few weeks ago. Their street tacos are my favorite!!! Not to mention their salsas are amazing!  Will definitely go back!
5	Not sure if this is the right place. Address might be off, but it's been a long time since I've done anything right. Gunshot. Inexpensive. Delicious. In an area of so many chains and theme establishments, this place has a great southwest vibe. Wyatt Earp and family would cum all over the place if they ate here. Great hard shell tacos and various dips for nachos. Also saw a sexy Latin chick at the bar on Christmas Eve there with two of her friends. I was with my brother and a friend. Was gonna say hello a few sips into my drink but the girls settled up and left pretty quick. I'm not that ugly so they must have had to be somewhere. If I ever see her again, it's game on.
1	Service is so slow every time I come here. But there are no other closer Mexican restaurant near here.
5	The food was great and it what are fantastic.  waiters name was Chris and he is best we've seen in a long time.
