5	Great Mac and Cheese and Great atmosphere!!!
4	Checked them out on a Friday evening for dinner. The interior is bright and friendly. The service is good.We ordered a Pizza Mac with Dorito flakes, a Chili Mac with Corn Tortilla flakes and a Tuna Melt with Sweet Potato Chips. Basically, too much food for two people.Both of the macs were very tasty. The Pizza Mac had pepperoni slices and a garlic flavor. Yum. The Chili Mac had chili. Yum. The melt was the least cheesy of the three, but was quite good too. It had lots of salady stuff in it to make you feel better about what you were eating.In short, it felt like one of the regular-sized macs, due to their heavy cheeseness, could do an adequate job of filling two stomachs, if, perhaps, supplemented by a sandwich. Eating a the whole Chili Mac myself left me feeling like I had swallowed a delicious cheese brick. We would go back to try out the wide variety of other foods they have there.
3	Mac n Cheese? I was intrigued! Ordered The Bayou with crab and crawfish...sadly no lobster mac n cheese so I guess this was next best thing. Friendly service with a smile, bright environment. The Bayou Mac looked really good, top was oozing with gooey cheese, portion was good for $9.49 (just a tad pricey) but middle was cold. Maybe oven problems? I would cut the portions, reduce the price a little so that each order can come out quicker and at a more even temperature. Taste was good, and may come back to try other varieties.
4	Comfort food focusing in "create your own" macaroni dish sounds delish!  Located at the corner strip mall that's across from Galleria, in the former space where Atomic 7 was.  Since I have been pasta deprived for weeks, this mac and cheese place was calling my name. So I used the excuse I have to "Yelp" this place as the reason to have some pasta!As you open the door you can smell the savoryishness of macaroni and cheese baking(..and hear my stomach growling).  A huge easy to read & follow menu is right up against the wall. Also different size containers from the "Lil Mac" to "SMH Mac"  with prices listed for corresponding size is on display against the wall.  You can either create your own macaroni dish or order one of their creations.They also serve sandwiches, salads, and homemade desserts!  You can take your order to go or dine in.  I opted on this visit to dine in, create my own macaroni dish and also try the homemade sweet potato pie for my sweet treat. I placed my order with the cashier at the counter by following the steps listed on the menu:Size: Solo Mac (2nd size up from the small bowl) served in a rectangular foil containerNoodles: Whole  Wheat pasta (your choice of elbow or whole wheat) Toppers: Doritos or corn tortillas (I skipped toppers)Mixins -  your choice of 2 mix ins, additional $1 after that mixins includeVegetables/Herbs, Meats, Cheeses (Blue Cheese, Pepper Jack, Cheddar) and Specialty (Crawfish, Crab)Vegan and Gluten free specialty Mac and Cheese is available also!I kept it simple and ordered roasted peppers & mushrooms as my mix-ins.  I was told it would take about 10 minutes.  They call your # (printed on your receipt) when your order is ready.  It came out a few minutes less of the estimated time.Macaroni was oven hot, I can smell the cheese and roasted peppers coming up through the steam, the cheese bubbly & melty from top to bottom, mix ins, cheese to macaroni ratio, every bite perfect! Ingredients used are fresh. It tasted great! I only wished that I added more mix ins like the herbs to it.  Sweet Potato Pie- It's served cold, in slices, packaged already to go.  It's homemade tasting, thick, dense, with little chunks of sweet potato throughout and the just right amount of spices, you can tell the crust is also handmade.  I adored this dessert because it reminded me of old fashioned southern style baking with just simple ingredients. My only complaint is that custom mac dishes can get pricey if you get carried away adding more mix-ins. For me the portions were fine but I eat like bird...soooo..I don't know how it will go over with everyone else. The small bowl is enough to feed 1, the Solo Mac which I got, will leave you with some leftovers. (Which still tasted great reheated!)  The restaurant is pretty casual. Decor bright orange and white , mod furniture in high top tables w/chairs seat 4, or invidual seating facing the wall. Service was pretty quick, staff was friendly and helpful. I was acknowledged as I entered and exited. I'll be looking forward to going back there to try different menu items next time!
2	A friend of my wife went to Le Courdon Bleu, during her stay at LCB, she told us about a friend that was going to open up a new Mac & Cheese place here in Vegas and would be delicious, customizable food.Last night, we finally made it into Mix N Mac to give their Mac a try. Opening the door, we heard Top 50 music, hood vents with a slight hint of "Welcome to Mix N Mac" Looking to the right of the register, there are examples of each size affixed to the wall. This made it much easier to decide on which size to get. Their 'behind the counter' area was rather small, but clean. Two chaffing dishes with Mac n Cheese were next to their mix in station. We ordered our food and were given our cups. I wanted to avoid soda for once and opted for sweet tea (don't judge me!), which brings me to a question.WHY is it that restaurants have flavored tea and don't bother to a) warn their customers that it's flavored tea; b) not know what flavor the flavored tea is. The flavored tea that came out of their pitcher had a very funny taste to it, almost like the yellow Robitussin I used to drink as a kid, but thinner and with ice. The two employees had no clue what flavor today's tea was, but pointed out there was more sugar available if it was needed. Dumping the tea out, I went back to the standard Dr Pepper and crunchy ice.I was unsure how a Mac & Cheese place would handle the dish as a 'fast food' type establishment, or like a sit down restaurant. Turns out, more like a pre-made, fast food establishment. Two large chaffing dishes kept some macaroni with a cheese mixture warmed, awaiting a spoon to transfer it into the customer's container before the mix ins are added and put in the oven to melt the top cheese and heat up the entire dish.We received our food and gave it a moment to cool down, the cheese was nice and melted, however, as certain cheeses are known to, the cheese formed a solid brick of cheese mix over the noodles. Cutting through it with a fork was not ideal.The top cheese was a bit bland for me, the inner cheese tasted good.Not sure that nearly $20 for two bowls of Mac & Cheese + 2 drinks is worth it though. May go back again once they have been open for a while, to see if they improve at all, may not though.
4	I saw this pop up recently and bookmarked it knowing I would be nearby soon and wanted to give it a try.  Put cheese on it and I will probably want it, so when I realized this was basically a glorified mac n cheese I'm in...I walk in to a light modernly decorated fast food style joint.  The menu is easy to figure out.  It is a bit expensive for lunch a soda and small mac (not the baby size small regular size small) ran me a little over $9.00.  Once I received my food I figured it was worth the price per size.  I got the Pizza Mac it had the noodles with cheese in it a layer of beef, a layer of pepperoni then a generous second layer of cheese.  It is put into the oven and lightly baked like your grandmother used to make before the horrible alternative of powdered velveeta macaroni and cheese and way before the slightly better version of shells and cheese.  So let me say it was good really good reminded me of my G'ma!  I will be back I may go for a topper next time just to see whats it's like.  My only complaint is the quite tall modern chairs (a swivel bar stool without the back) were kinda hard to sit in but it's the food I was really there for anyways.
2	It was worth it for the groupon, I guess, but I won't be going back.  The place is small, the service was horrific, and the food was assembly lined together and wasn't even piping hot even tho it took forever to come out, the ingredients were minimal even tho they charged $1 for each add on, and the flavor wasn't anything impressive!  The place up on Warm Springs is a 5 star joint compared to this place.
4	Decided to go here for dinner around 7:00pm This was on a Sunday so they were basically closing in an hour 8:00pmAs I arrived I was greeted by a warm welcome. The lady suggested what were the popular dishes. She suggested getting the special Macs those were the common ones. But i ended up getting the Mac's Brisket.While i was waiting for my food i was just surveying the place looking around. The place is pretty clean and had a homey feel. It was a small establishment , I can't imagine if they got busy it would probably be so crowded in there.So I finally got my sandwich had it to go and ate it at home, cause i felt bad that they were closing i did not want to eat there and make them wait on me to finish i'm polite like that.So as i got home i was in a rush to eat my Mac's Brisket sandwich. The sandwich consisted on slow roasted brisket smothered in Au Jus Sauce and homemade BBQ sauce to die for. Then it was topped with roasted pepper, provolone cheese and Mac's slaw all served on a French Baguette. Does that make your mouth water? haha then the sides was served with sweet potato chips.Overall I had a great experience I really want to go back and try their special Macs. They have this Italian Mac i want to try and the Mex Mac.Price wise it is kinda pricey for my sandwich i paid around $10 kinda pricey for a sandwich but still worth it. As for their Macs they range between $7-$10. So be prepared to pay around that much per dish.Location it is located near the galleria mall on mall circle drive.I would recommend  this place if your a mac fan! Fo sho!
4	I really enjoyed Mix N' Mac. Like many others I came by way of a groupon, and my husband, sister and I went in for lunch at around 11:00. The restaurant itself is rather small, but clean. It seemed to be lacking in character but I know how expensive it is to open a restaurant, so I didn't hold that against them. I created my own mac with cheddar, blue cheese, bacon and roasted peppers, my sister got the cheesy mac and added bacon and my husband got The Bayou mac with crab, craw-fish and pepper flakes. I thought the size was extremely generous and pasta is very filling so I was able to make two additional meals out of my "Solo" size portion. I make mac and cheese quite a lot so I know how hard it is to get the proper sauce/noodle/cheese ratio. The version here was just right with exactly enough cheese to be gooey and just enough sauce to avoid being runny. The flavor was equal to homemade, with the blue cheese being an especially nice touch. I did not like the version with seafood however ("The Bayou") as I thought it was a bit too fishy tasting (reminded me a lot of tuna helper). All in all, I really think Mix N' Mac is a keeper: it's tasty, different, relatively inexpensive and tasty (oh wait, I said that already). Did I mention it's really tasty? I give them 4 deliciously gooey stars.
2	The wait time was ok. Went in past noon and I was only one of 3 customers.I ordered the basic cheddar mac with 1 mix in of bacon..... My first couple of bites, which were mostly of the melted cheese sprinkled on top, were good. The cheese itself was good, the entire dish was piping hot (which I love) so the cheese stayed all melty and delicious. Something about the mac and the cheese "sauce" tasted way off. First, the sauce was sort of grainy tasting, like there was too much flour added and it was left to clump up. Not very creamy at all. I also noticed right away a distinct familiar taste that I couldn't quite identify....and then I got it...It tasted fishy!!! Almost exactly like clams. I don't know what the people before me ordered, so maybe it was from that?But...ugh. Ick! That coupled with the fact that my bacon bits were barely crisp, I felt like I was definitely eating mac and cheese with clam mixed in lol. Turned me off completely.
2	Went with Mr. today to use our groupon.. as we entered it is bright, orange and clean.  We were greeted warmly. There was only another couple in the business.  So Mr. decides on a meatball sandwich and they didn't have any, so he opted for the brisket.. which was very tasty but quite messy.  I had the seafood mac N cheese and that was so warm, cheesy and gooey.. but on the top only.. the inside elbow mac was just that ... dry and tasteless, no cheese.. the seafood was very abundant.  Would we go back.. probably not, disappointed that the cheese was only on top and the bottom was dry and no I didn't eat it all, no flavor for the bottom of the mac N cheese.
2	Man, I hate to hate on local business, but this was truly an awful experience. I notified their "info" section of their website of the complaints listed herein and received a canned response in return. I hope that my listing my bad experience on Yelp will help them improve their business model and service.My mom and I walked in at 11:45 to Mix N Mac. Both of us being something of macaroni and cheese connoisseurs, we were excited to try it out and had been for a while. When we walked in, it was silent with only a couple people in the restaurant who were already eating. I really hate the trend in the service/retail industry right now that requires the workers to holler out across the entire establishment, "WELCOME TO _____!!!! CAN I HELP YOU TODAY!??" I mean, we're in a building the size of a household living room, there's no need to bellow. But I digress. We looked over the menu, and picked two Lil Mac (kids' size), which includes, and I quote, "1 Mix-In." Thinking that the mix-in that was included was listed underneath the menu section called "Mix-Ins," I selected spinach for my mix-in. I also selected Dorito topping for my mac. Later, I realized I had been charged for spinach, and I asked why. Apparently, a Dorito topping is also a mix-in, even though the menu makes it look like the topping is included. Be mindful of this when ordering!It's important to note that Mix N Mac is in the style of Panera or Chipotle, just with macaroni and cheese. Quick service, but not drive-thru. We placed our order at 11:52 (according to the timestamp on our receipt). For 15 minutes or more, no one was working on our food. There was a woman stirring a cauldron of cheese sauce, one teenage boy standing at the register for customers that weren't there, and another was chopping up meat that I knew couldn't be for our meal because we did not order meat in our Macs. I had an appointment to get to, so at this time I asked for it to go. At this point is when all hell broke loose. A storm of people came in, all the while the woman stirring the cauldron of cheese without helping the two teenagers prepare food, and they aren't even really doing that. My mac and cheese arrived around 12:20, and I had a few bites. It was, to be honest, slightly fishy like another reviewer had said. There wasn't so much as cheese flavor as it was cheesy-fish flavor. There was hardly any spinach that I had paid extra for due to the confusing menu, and I couldn't even taste the Dorito topping. The key part of the paragraph above is that I got my order, but my mom's was mysteriously not arriving with mine. The people who ordered 10 minutes after me and my mom got their food before she did. I was going to be late for this appointment, so she ran out with it in a to-go bag. At 12:31, we left this quick-service mac and cheese establishment not having even sat down to eat. I will give it another try in a few months, once they get a chain of command worked out and realize that prep work like stirring the cauldron of cheese and chopping meats should not be done during high lunch time. I feel really bad leaving such a bad review, but this place was not worth our 40 minutes or our $15.
1	Not good at all! We will not be back. The servings are small, the m & C was dry, and too expensive. I'm glad we got that groupon out of the way. I can honestly say the blue box is way better. Sorry Mix N Mac....
4	One word, comfort food! Or best after a hangover. I've only been here once and ordered the Spicy Mac. Not too shabby!
3	We bought the Groupon for Mix n Mac since we LOVE Mac & Cheese. We visited on a Monday around 5:00. There were plenty of open tables, however the seating is not comfortable at all. They have high boy type tables and the chairs have low backs. The kids each ordered a "make your own", one added bacon, the other added bacon and pepperoni. I wouldn't add the pepperoni as a mix in again, they were large circles of pepperoni that were laid across the top, then sprinkled with cheese and the doritos topping. It made it really difficult to get to the macaroni. The husband and I ordered the Chili Mac and the Tuna sandwich. Both of these were really good. The chili wasn't too spicy, which I liked.As far as atmosphere, the decor was sparse, but it is a new establishment. We didn't like the seating, the music was way too loud (there is a gym next door which you could hear weights being dropped so possibly they are trying to cover that up) and they need better shades on the windows. The sun was coming directly in the front windows at the time of day, there wasn't one table that was completely out of  the sun (even with the shades down) so it was really hot.I'm sure we'll go back again, but will take it to go.
2	This place is just ok, but not good enough to go back. The mac-n-cheese, as my husband described it, tasted powdery....definitely not fresh. The food was just okay in my opinion and the place had a weird vibe. New decor, but it still felt dirty in there. Like the paint, table and chairs are hiding what once was. I hate to say it, but it's the kinda place you just know won't be there in a year. Nothing stood out and my 3 year old, who loves mac-n-cheese, couldn't swallow the food....otherwise I would've gone 3 stars.
5	everything is wonderful!
3	Using the groupon +$2 extra, I got the vegan mac with real cheese and my friend got the seafood mac. it was good and cheesy and hot, some wait while they make the dishes, so you know it's fresh...the prices are average, I would prob go back if I a) had a craving for macncheese, which does happen and b) don't want to cook, but would prob try the add on option next time, and not get the more basic option. But yay for vegan and wheat pasta option!!
4	We really enjoyed the place.  Our food came out very hot and was full of flavor.  I had the Mex Mac and really enjoyed it.  Awesome spot for a different lunch.  The wait time was about 5-10 minutes, but they have to bake the dish so that was expected.  As far as service it was on par for any other restaurant of this style.
2	Blech.  Mac n' cheese used as the base for most dishes is strangley grainy.  I tried three varieties and the toppings are not bad.  If they actually mixed the selected flavors into the mac n' cheese it wouldn't be so bad.  However, say you order the pizza mac you are only going to find peperoni on the top of your dish and not mixed in.  So several bites taste pretty good until you get to the grainy not so good mac n' cheese that comprises 80% of the dish.  Service was slow and there is not enough seating.  Don't bother eating here.
4	Bought a Groupon to try this place out.  I heard nothing but good things about it.  We bought the large option so we could have drinks and dessert also.  The food is as good as we heard it was.  You had better like cheese because that is what you get.The only dissapointing thing about it was the manager was not very nice.  We wanted to use the extra money we paid for to get dessert but the manager said we couldn't use it for dessert, only mac and cheese and drinks.The Groupon said nothing about it and I still question his opinion.  This is enough for me not to go back.  This left a sour taste in my mouth.  Remember, the customer is always right.
3	I have been waiting for this place to open up for a while. Anything with cheese can't be bad. I ordered the spicy Mac which was wonderful. It had fresh jalepinos and hot dog. It cost about 8 bucks with a drink. The staff was friendly and I'm sure I will be back to try something else!
5	Heard about this place for the first time about a month ago from a friend. Tried it out and loved the 3 different kinds of mac n cheese that we got.  Wen't back for lunch the other day and had amazing service. Mac N Cheese isn't a hard dish to make but these guys do it GREAT.  Totally can not wait for one to open up on my side of town.  If you love mac n cheese then give these guys a shot.
3	Mix N Mac has taken over the spot of my dearly departed Atomic #7 ice creamery off to the side of the Galleria Mall.  (Note: if using Apple Maps, it may give you some weird directions, but I find it's easiest to get there via the Sunset Rd exit off of the 515).  Anyway! This is place is your typical (how odd that this is becoming a viable trend) Mac n Cheese place - pick your cheese, toppings, size or go for a pre-designed menu item.  My BF, who is not vegan, got a spicy, which he said was good ("but it's no Homeroom" - for those of you from the Bay Area).  I got the Vegan (of course!).Now, let me say thank you to Mix n Mac for even having a vegan option.  That is great.  BUT (you knew it was coming, right?) it's pretty weak.  It's not BAD, it's just not mac n cheezy.  No tang! No cheezy flavor.  I took mine home and added cheezed it up (seriously, 1 TBS of Nooch (aka nutritional yeast aka vegan gold) made a WORLD of difference), and it was quite good.  The Vegan includes whole wheat noodles, and a few types of veg in a creamy sauce.    You can also get the "Vegan" with regular cheese if you want, which people at the counter kept telling me.  They seemed to know that the vegan was not so tasty as-is.  That's sad, because it's actually really easy (and cheap) to make a GOOD vegan mac.  (I will happily provide a recipe to prove it!)The service was fine, prices were OK, but I wouldn't return based on my entree.  It's great to have options, but it's better when they're treated like a real OPTION and not just an afterthought.  They have Groupons for this place all the time, so it's definitely worth a try.  Vegans, just BYONooch and mix it in and you'll be fine.
3	Two of my favorite things... mac n cheese + grilled cheese.  I was beyond excited to try this little hole in the wall dining spot.  My friend and I decided to split a sandwich and mac n cheese since the servings looked pretty big.  We ordered the Mac's Twisted grilled cheese and it was delicious!  For our macaroni, we chose the chili mac.  Unfortunately, this dish was greasy and did not taste very good.  I would have preferred hamburger helper instead.  However, the grilled cheese is Mix n Mac's saving grace, so I might have to return to try another combination.
3	I was excited to try a mac n cheese spot!  I loveeeeeeeeeee mac n cheese, every since I was little.  So when I saw this spot whoot whoot, I couldn't wait to try it.So many varieties, I've never had it like this before, it seemed kinda wierd.  But I wanted to step out of the box, and try something different.  It's not a fast food spot....It's not a fast food spot.....It's not a fast food spot, so don't expect to get it fast!  Ok, I think you get it!  So I got the bayou, crab & craw fish, but I did chedder instead of pepper jack.  It was different, not bad!  My husband got Mexican mac n cheese, it had ground beef and Jalapenos in it.  Ohhhh it had some kick in that bite!   Again it was interesting.  And he also got...ummmm, not sure but it had hotlink and Jalapenos, the flavor was like the mexian one, just  different meat. Would I go back?  I think after I write this review, I won't even think about this place again!
2	I can't tell you how excited I was to try this place. A place that specializes in Mac-n-Cheese..... what a great idea!  However, this place was awful-despite its promising concept. Let's start off with the basic Mac-n-Cheese which my 3 year old son tried ($4.99 for an individual serving).  What Mix N Mac didn't know was that my son is somewhat of a Mac-N-Cheese expert. This basic dish tasted like overcooked bland noodles with a hint of cheese flavor. Our Verdict: Bland/ Overcooked/ Overpriced!I opted for the Mexi-Mac. Ground beef, chorizo, jalapenos, cilantro, and tortillas all mixed in with Mac-N-Cheese. Sign me up-- sounds great! Not bad, but the portion size was ridiculous. I felt like I was served a side dish. Wait, is there more? Is there a hamburger that is supposed to come with this tiny baby serving? Our verdict: Good Flavors/Small Portion/Overpriced!My wife ordered the Brisket sandwich. This sloppy meat like substance tasted really sweet and was served on what I could only imagine was day old bread. You know the kind of bread you could pick up at the .99 store. Served with potato chips, this was not a winner. Our Verdict: Sweet/Gooey/Not Good!Bottom line, this was not a good dining experience. Don't even get me started on their furniture and soda fountain. OK --now I am started. Their furniture was cheap, wobbly and a blinding orange in color. Their soda fountain was messed up with drinks coming out barely carbonated. I mentioned this to one of the workers, and she was able to fix the problem while we were eating. Apparently, when the ice levels get low, the carbonation goes bad. I am giving this place 2 stars for what I think is a great concept. If this place is going to last, the portion sizes need to be increased or the prices need to be reduced.
3	Like so many others I came here with great expectations.  I bought two Groupons...because I was so sure I would love it.... Mix and Match Mac & Cheese... who wouldn't love it?  First I did not research on Yelp first, my mistake.  I expected a restaurant, so when I arrived at a hole in the wall joint with the menu on the wall, I was disappointed to start with.  The food was fine, I had the spicy, my friend created her own vegetarian and was excited to see fake sausage. (She seemed to really like hers)  I was underwhelmed.  There was nothing wrong,, it that it was just fine.  I will go again and use the other Groupon.  I just think it was way too expensive for what you get, the chairs are horrifyingly uncomfortable, I will never dine in again, and they needed a much more fun list of mix ins.Just off the top of my head, green chiles (for those who want a bit of spice but not the huge Jalapeno rings they use), turkey, cauliflower, cilantro, roasted red peppers...anyway I'm sure chefs could add some great ideas.
1	Owner sold unrestricted Groupon coupons, then told customers the coupons were only good for certain items. Unethical, owner will probably go into politics once he runs this place out of business.  I'll never return!Thank You Groupon for issuing a full refund.
1	My family purchased a coupon for Mix N Mac.  I'm not into mac and cheese, however they have a several salads and sandwiches that looked good.  We all ordered different dishes.  It came to pay we pulled out our coupon and the cashier told us that the only thing we could use for the coupon for was mac and cheese.  We read the coupon and there was no restrictions on it.  No where on the coupon did it say we had to order one type of dish.  Needless to say, we walked out. What kind of company does that!!!  Very poor, poor management.
1	Went in today with a $30 Groupon. When I  ordered a salad, cheese bread and a desert in addition to a couple of mac n cheese dishes, I was told that the Groupon only applies to mac n cheese orders. What a joke. I paid and pulled up my Groupon while we waited for our food . No mention of any restrictions. Instead of "mix n mac," they should call themselves "bait n switch." Food was ok...nothing special. definitely would not come back based on food quality and their little games. I have filed a complaint with Groupon so I hope their little game was worth the $7 they were supposed to get from Groupon. If you are thinking about trying this place, you should go quick. I don't suspect they will be on business much longer. Also, if you want GOOD mac n cheese, try Yardhouse. Besides being scammed, the food here is nothing exciting.2-stars for food1-star for crappy, scammer bait n switch serviceI sent an email to the owner who said the mistake was made by Groupon. Groupon denied this. These scammers then ran the EXACT same ad on Living Social just a couple weeks later.
5	THIS PLACE IS SO GOOD! My husband and I ordered the Bayou mac, spicy mac and shared a grilled cheese. Everything was piping hot and deliciously cheesy. Don't understand the bad reviews- it was DELISH!
3	I drive by this place all the time so today I decided to try it out. I walked up to the counter and first thing I ordered was albacore sandwich, but they where out. So, I settled for the Mac's Brisket sandwich. I also ordered spicy mac n cheese. The Brisket sandwich was ok should have been better for 8.50. In the box it also had some chips stuffed on the side but they were soggy from the sandwich . The Spicy Mac was better than I thought it would be, the pieces of hotlinks made this something I might come back and  try again.
2	I have driven by this place many times on my way to Buffalo Wild Wings and finally stopped in today.My first impression as I walked in was that the place was kind of beat up, run down and dirty for being so new.I walked up to the counter expecting to see some sort of mac and cheese of the day or something that was prepared fresh. I saw nothing of the sort which was worrisome for a place trying to build a niche following. After perusing the menu for about 5 minutes I decided on the Brisket sandwich and a small mac and cheese.While waiting for my order the kid at the counter brings out a giant industrial bucket and starts scooping what can  described as looking like mashed potatoes into a warming tray. Although this is normal it was not exactly pleasant to see this in the front of the store.About 5 minutes later my meal came to the window and I picked it up. My first impression was that the sandwich that looked great but was super tiny with a small amount of chips. The mac and cheese looked freshly baked and had a nice crust on the top.I eagerly sat down to chomp down. I picked up the sandwich and took a big bite, I couldn't chew through the "Brisket", it was hard and tough. The BBQ sauce was runny and was not great. The only good thing about the sandwich was the rough cut slaw on top. After 2 bites i decided to try the mac and cheese. The first bite was underwhelming and bland, my family recipe has far more flavor. I wouldn't say that it was bad, it just wasn't better than ok. Ok does not cut it for a place that is supposed to be all about the mac and cheese. I will however give them credit for perfectly el dente macaroni. In conclusion the Mac and cheese place has just ok mac and cheese that clearly isnt worth the price and horrible brisket. I gave them 2 stars because I actually at all of the mac and cheese; however, I was starving when i walked in.
3	Heard about it, had to try it. Went in for lunch, atmosphere is ok. High tables with high chairs with pics of different mac & cheese blends on the wall. I waited behind a couple that was ordering that seemed like an eternity. It wouldn't have been bad, but anytime someone behind the counter made eye contact and did not say hello or say we'll be right with you, not the best customer service. Turns out, the 2 behind the counter were the married couple that owned the place. I ordered the "Solo" mac with ground beef and bacon. I was asked if I wanted a topping of crushed corn chips or doritos. They suggested doritos as being the best, so I said ok. It takes a few minutes as they put together your order and then heat it up in the oven! When ready, it's hot and bubbly with all the flavors right on top. It was tasty and warm, great for a winter day! They offered a variety of desserts which sounded delish, I will have to try when I go back. The food was good, however I'm not sure if its a place I would crave, or just stop in when I go to the mall.
1	Ok, you don't know me that well, but come to my house for mac and cheese before you go here!Been twice, will never go again.First time, we got it to go. They forgot part of our order but gave us an extra - a hair in our mac and cheese. Had another groupon so we thought we would give them another try.First, the manager tried not to accept our Groupon.  Apparently she and Groupon are having a problem communicating and somehow that became our fault.  She reluctantly honored the terms of the groupon when we reminded her of our last experience.  Mind you, this was lunch time and the place was EMPTY. Panera Bread next store had a line though.  i really try to eat in local places, but, not going to happen again.So, after the Groupon lesson and lecture, we were treated to really mushy mac and cheese and a mediocre sandwich.  You know what's worse than mushy macaroni, that nasty cheesy after taste. But wait, Mushy Macaroni could be a great band name!They could play Mix and Mac after the establishment gets a visit from whatever restaurant makeover show is willing to take on the challenge. The biggest obstacle will be the owner's complete dislike of customers.  She is much more interested in being right than in service and quality. We tried.  My friend and I are lovely and helpful, you'll see when you come to my house for mac and cheese. Anyway, we were pleasant, she was not and neither was the food. Despite the problems, I hope it gets better.  We need locals to do well, but we also need them to feed locals well.
1	I went here today around noon and the place was closed.  No sign, nothing. It was dark, and nobody was inside.  Anyone have any info on why, and is it closed permanently?  I don't understand why there wasn't any sign on the door.
3	Bought the Groupon to give the place a second chance. I felt I was a little harsh in my initial review, but it really was a troublesome experience. However, after being back, I can update it a star because it was a much more positive experience. We were not bellowed at when we stepped in, "WELCOME TO MIX AND MAC" which was one of my previous irritations. We stuck to the ready made varieties this time, instead of trying to create our own. The ready made varieties, especially my mom's Mex Mac, were better than the create-your-own variaties, IMO. I ordered the Cheesy Mac and it was okay--the best part was the blue cheese hidden inside, but the rest didn't smack of the cheesy flavor I crave in a mac and cheese!I can't say that I'll be back again, not because of anything other than some new dietary restrictions, but I am bumping it up from 2 to 3 stars. I think it definitely has the potential to fill a really cool niche market.
2	Bought the Groupon but was disappointed when we were told they were out of all desserts, crawfish, goat cheese, candied walnuts, etc. They even ran out of chicken. The service was good, the foo was average, but it is evident the people responsible for logistics are asleep at the wheel.
4	This place is exactly what it advertises, nothing fancy, no frills. Just yummy Mac and cheese however you want it.  The hubby and I ate here the other day and after we ordered our Mac and cheese we took our first bites and looked at each other like Yum! He had the Italian sausage, which was spicy and full of flavor while I opted for the cheddar with vegetables. The service wasn't bad at all and we ended up tipping the young girl five dollars because she was nice and the food was just as we ordered it. We also had a groupon and we were given no problems.
4	Mac and cheese that you can customize in a number of ways.  It's like Chipotle, but with mac and cheese.  Already off to a good start in my book.  The Living Social certificate was also a good incentive to head on over.The menu consists of two sections - pre-defined creations or a list of items so you can make a custom mac.  I opted for the pre-defined Mex Mac.  Jalepenos, chorizo, ground beef, and tortilla chips.  DC opted for a custom - mushrooms and bacon with whole wheat noodles.  I was a little skeptical about this notion of pre-made mac and cheese, but they have a good set up.  The noodles are separate from the bechamel and the mix-ins.  Everything is mixed together when you order it, and then popped in the oven to get bubbly and gooey.Both iterations came out of the oven with a baked crust of cheese.  They were hot and steaming and really hearty.  The cheese could use some more seasoning, but the mix-ins really added a lot.  The Mex Mac was loaded with flavor and spice, and the custom mac was pretty good too.Overall, the pricing was decent for the amount of food, and the flavor was good.  The atmosphere inside was kind of bland and could use a little sprucing up or some color.  I dont think I would go out of my way to come here, but if I am in the area I will definitely stop by.  The mac and cheese was especially great this weekend with the cooler temps - I wonder how they'll fare in the summer.
3	Since my Groupon was going to expire next week, I finally decided to give this place a try. The menu already screams pricey from the get-go, and it's actually outdated per the one person working there. The brisket and meatball sandwiches are gone, which is unfortunate because I was going to try the brisket sandwich after Ian A.'s glowing review.I ended up going with the Bayou Mac and the Mex Mac. The Bayou Mac for $9.49 doesn't even come close to filling me (although it might suffice at lunch), and they're definitely skimping at least a little on the crab and crawfish. It had decent flavor and gooey cheese, as you would hope for, and it was plenty warm when I got home.I ended up trying the Mex Mac. "Really, Chris? You don't even like Jalapeno peppers." "I know, me, but it's not as sour and spicy as you'd think." The flavor profile ended up being a little more complete than the Bayou Mac, although I'm still not sold the regular $7.49 price.If you're a big mac and cheese fan and you don't really cook it yourself, you'll wanna find this spot. Otherwise, it's good for a change of pace, but maybe not for the long haul. And since their hours are now Mon-Sat 11:30-7:00, it's not even good for most hours of the day or for Sundays.
5	Best mac and cheese I've had outside of Boston (see my other review).  Tried plain, bacon, ham, and crab varieties here.  The crab sounded good and there was a nice crab flavor and aroma but unfortunately, that just didn't match too well with the cheese.  The ham was good but didn't add much.  The plain was really good by itself but the winner is adding bacon.  Oh, and Doritos crumbles on the top really added to the mac and cheese as well.What was so good?  Macaroni that is tender but not limp, lots of cheese with creamy consistency, and finished in an oven so there's a bit of burned cheese on top.  Easily makes me forget about the mac and cheese at Panera a few doors down.Pricing is high compared to what it would cost to eat at a cheap buffet but isn't out of line compared to a "value" meal at a burger place.Oh, and the service both times was friendly and helpful.  No rushing, no annoyance when questions were asked.  They were pretty slow on both visits.  I really hope they have enough business to keep the business running.
1	AS A RULE I DON'T DO REVIEWS BUT THIS IS A STORY THAT HAS TO BE TOLD:Saturday, Jan. 19th. arrived at 12 pm--Just left Mix N Mac with my Groupon still in hand. My Groupon purchase was based on a unique concept and an interesting menu.  We wanted to do take out, so we used the menu link on Groupon to decide what to order.Upon arrival, I approached the counter and started ordering:   1 Mex Mac----(all is well)---1 Italian Mac----(out of marinara sauce)---Okay, I'll get the Pizza Mac, instead---on to the next item---1 Brisket Sandwich----(we no longer have sandwiches)---Okay, I'll have the OMG Custom Built Mac instead---with mushrooms and veggie sausage---(no veggie sausage)---How about a Slice of Sweet Potato Pie----(we no longer have desserts)---- Could you place your order now----we will be closing in about 5 minutes--the  computer went down--- b-t-w---we don't have printed take out menus, either.  It is now approximately---1pm---Forget about it, I'm out of here.  Thanks, but no thanks.  .
3	I wanted to like this place more, but I think they are having some growing pains.  They were out of Dr. Pepper and Sprite, 2 of the 6 drinks on the fountain.  So, when I wanted a refill, but not of iced tea, I was annoyed to find the only 2 drinks on the fountain I like gone.  The owner was nice enough to give me a Dr. Pepper out of the chill case, but still.  Also, we were told that sandwiches were not available at all, as many others have noted.  We were there for mac n cheese anyway, but this is a further example of the growing pains.My wife had the cheesy mac.  This was solid, but not great.  It was very sparse on the blue cheese flavor, which was the main reason she ordered it.  Overall, bland.  Did have a very nice crust on the top.Mine was much better, I had the bayou.  The crab and crawfish flavor was really noticeable.  I could have used more spice, I added red pepper flakes at the table.  The top was nicely crusted, but the middle of my dish remained cool.  I had to take it up to get more heat on it.  I'm assuming this occurred because the seafood was cold, so it made getting the entire dish to temperature take longer.  They were really nice about it, and heated it quickly, so no harm no foul.We'll give Mix n Mac another try, but hopefully they work out some of these issues sooner rather than later.  I think once they do, it will be a solid place.
1	I went today to use a groupon and they were out of almost everything.  No sandwiches, no vegan cheese, no whole wheat pasta.  The place was dirty and empty and I was there at noon.  I finally ordered enough to spend my $30 groupon,  and after a couple minutes, the employee came to tell me that she didn't have the ingredients to make what I ordered.  I'm really surprised this place is still in business.  Thankfully, Groupon refunded me the $14 we payed for the groupon.  We ended up having a nice lunch at Cafe Rio.
2	Had a groupon. We got the basic Mac n cheese and the Bayou.  Portions were  kinda small, but tasty. Not much seafood in the Bayou. Got two small drinks and dessert, and the price would have been $30 if not for the groupon.  Wayyyy too much for what we got.  Desserts ( peach cobbler and sweet potato pie) were not good. The cobbler was warmed up canned peaches with tons of syrup and some strange floury tasting  barely cooked "pastry" on top.  The pie was better, but not that good, and the crust was raw.  Would not go back. Mac Shack is much better.
1	This place appears closed.  I had bought a Living Social coupon for Mix N Mac - it expires today.  I went last night at 6:15 and they were closed.  Went today at noon and they are closed...oh, well...
1	Definitely not worth the money! Boxed mac and cheese tastes better. Weird flavor of just the mac and cheese (with not enough cheese), with crappy mix ins.
1	I've tried to use my Groupon multiple times at this place. They never answer their phone. I live across town but wouldn't mind picking this up on my way home. The hours seem to be a bit early for closing, but I suppose that this is their call. The bottom line is that if they are trying to run a business they need to answer the phone.
4	Mix N Mac is a tasty little spot... The food is made with fresh quality ingredients and there are plenty of flavor options on the me.  i went with a  basic item "chessy mac". made with a sacuse of cheddar and blue chesse.  it was good more cheddar then blue but it was a good mix.  It took a few minutes  to prepare but it was worth the short wait..
