2	I've been taken on some rides, and this one bites the big one. It costs about $7 to cab it up the strip, but the sign to the monorail beckons us near the entrance of the MGM Grand.It keeps beckoning for at least the next twenty minutes, as we get lost in jungles of slot machines, and even two tigers are sitting in a glass cage with two people. I think they paid to be there.So we finally get it, then debate where are we going to get off. Unfortunately, we go with my choice and we end up at the Hilton I think it was. We could see our hotel in the distance, and gradually it got further away as the monorail curved its way right away from all the popular spots. The cab ride back cost us $8, for a total ride cost of $18 between two.Who came up with the route? At least Seattle's monorail goes somewhere, but even with that, it shut down.Stay away from this unless you know what you're doing.
3	structured well, it's like taking the airport shuttles- except it's more expensive, and all it does it take you around a few locations... makes you feel like you got jipped. DON'T DO IT. unless you feel like really blowing your money for a short monorail ride.
4	Between the buffet and the bacchanal, what glutton has the time to walk?It's not really a transit system, it's more of a move-you-fat-ass-down-the-block machine. Heck, I'll do it for half the price with a wheelbarrel...
4	I'd give it five stars if it wasn't as costly.  $5 one-way$9 round trip -- but the deal-closer is this:$15 for 24 hours--not just one calendar day. Cuz you know that sh*t won't work in Vegas.  Can you imagine someone's drunk a** trying to get on at 2 a.m. and having to buy another ticket? No, not so much.It's slightly confusing to navigate the entrance/exits of each station, considering I'm used to SF Muni and BART's ease.  Nothing says "huh?" quite like having to go up 3 stories to pass through a ticket gate and then go down one story to the rail platform--opposite on the way back.But still, it got us from our off the strip hotel to the major hotel/casinos is relatively quick time and at a cost competitively rated against cab fare.  Also good if you are trying to get back to your hotel quickly after a night of seriously drunken schmoozing with your significant other. Amazingly clean, efficient, smooth, and PLASTERED with adverts and annoyingly constant tour-like narration.Open:Way Too Early for Vegas to 2 a.m. on Sunday-ThursdayWay Too Early for Vegas to 3 a.m. on Fridays & Saturday
2	I think it's a reliable mean of transportation here. It's a good idea to commute with monorail when the traffic was jammed. But I think cabs, buses and cars are much better when traffic wasn't bad. I bought a 24 bus ticket for $5. And I didn't have to walk long way through hotel to the monorail stations.Also renting a car isn't cost much, there are free parking in every hotel here.
3	hard to find....cold in the winter, not worth the ride.
5	Pretty awesome. Its actually one of the cheapest expenses in Vegas. Its nice to walk around, but man the blocks are HUGE. And my stilettos are too cute to walk 10 miles in.The monorail will make one stop for a couple of hotels, so check out the map before you hop on. You'll still walk a little ways for most stops since the rail lands across the street or a block away. Well worth it. A block is nothing compared to a mile - or a mile long cab line.
2	When I first heard that this monorail was being built, that episode of The Simpsons kept going through my mind with its incessant song:"Monorail!  MONORAIL!!"Jubilation ensued?Eh, not so much in Springfield and not so much here.  It's SUCH a good idea, but the first route they put up is ridiculous.  The cost is far too much.  The engineering is a joke!  (This thing was broken down more often than not when it first opened up.)  This is one of those giant projects that was just one big, giant oops.  Hopefully as it expands (if it expands?) it will improve.  Right now, it's pretty embarrassing.
3	I agree with a lot of the other posters on here about the inconvenience of the monorail. It seems to zig zag around a lot of the hotels and still leaves you a ways from your destination. Maybe it was the only option when they built it: don't let it block the casinos from adding more hotel rooms or other buildings if they wanted to in the future. I don't know. But you seriously have to slog it through casino after casino to get to the station. It sucks if you're staying at Excalibur or NY NY. The closest station is MGM Grand. You still have to hoof it through MGM to find the station. The signs can be deceiving in the casino. Taking cabs or just walking straight up or down the Strip can get you to where you want to go in the same amount of time. Too bad all the conventioners hear about a monorail, buy tickets and then leave. The monorail makes its money and keeps on running. I wonder if people will catch on eventually and not use it as much. It wasn't ever that full even during the massive convention I was at.
4	Stayed at the Renaissance adjacent to the convention center for the ICSC show last week.  I bought a $40 three day pass and couldn't have been happier with the monorail, particularly from the Renaissance.  They run every 7 minutes and get you from the sticks to center strip in no time.  Getting to Bellagio and Caesars weren't too bad, considering they were on the opposite side of the street from the monorail line.  Going forward for Vegas trips, I'll stay at MGM or Paris so I can use the monorail at my leisure.  Nothing sucks more than being late for a dinner reservation because of a 45 minute cab line.
3	One of the most important things to arise from the boom of Vegas over the last decade, the Monorail offers folks in the area to get from point A to B for less than the average taxi fare.  Its pretty, sleek, and undoubtedly modern.   The seats are comfortable and the air conditioning is not too overwhelming but feels great when escaping the hot desert heat.Unfortunately, it doesn't take you to every location on the strip, just a select few.  The rides are costly, much like everything else in Vegas (especially transportation) and its not even operated for 24 hours.  However, when considering the lesser of two evils and avoiding traffic then this is one of the ways to do it.  However, walking is another way of avoiding the hassle because at least thats free and good for exercise.
4	I was glad to see that they had sorted the teething problems on my recent visit. The monorail had just opened on my last visit to Vegas and one of the wheels on one of the trains had fallen off within few days!I had chosen to base myself at the cheaper Stratosphere because the monorail was available to whisk me to more glamorous locations on the Strip! With the brutal Vegas traffic, I don't really trust travelling up and the Strip in cars/buses as I've almost been late for various shows/appointments before due to the traffic.The monorail was running well and efficiently on my recent visit - 6 minutes between trains. The trains were nicely air conditioned though not the stations. The stations were clean and felt safe but could be quite deserted at night times. There were enough ticket machines and there were ticket booths which were manned during the day.I was lucky to catch the current $9 for a day ticket ($5 single journey) promotion which made it excellent value. Not sure I would have considered $15 for a day ticket great value.The main issue with the monorail is the distance of some of the stations from the casinos. Some of the them also emerge from quite obscure parts of the casino.It proved a good way for me stay at the northern end of the Strip and still access orther locations on the Strip.
1	This thing was canned by everyone under the sun when it opened. So I never tried it....and after having finally done so, I agree. It sucks.The only thing good about this place is that it's clean, and it can get you to the Las Vegas Hilton (but who wants to go there anyways)?It's expensive and most importantly - IT DOESN'T GO ANYWHERE COOL! Seriously! The stations are hard to find and hard to get-to behind the eastern side of the Strip's casinos. The rail stops at places like Bally's and Harrah's. We tried to get from the Excalibur to the Wynn, which then included walking to the MGM and from the Harrah's. Sad. Don't waste your time with this terrible nightmare in privately-funded "public" transport.
4	$9 for 24 hours of free rides that's  a shit ton faster, cheaper, and/or more convenient than walking or taking the taxi/deuce.  That works for me. The monorail trams run consistent, they are clean (enough), and those weird tv aquariums/race cars on the floors while you wait are entertaining for two reasons: 1) if they actually work and you can race cars or ripple water...or 2) they don't work and you can watch ppl try all day waving their foot over it trying to get it to work..so u can laugh at them (without telling em u just looked as stupid 2 minutes ago)  My only beef with the monorail is that it drops off and picks up at the back of the casinos..i understand why...but it's still a pain in the ass...and automated speaker..don't give me some bs excuse that u drop off in the back to help us explore the casinos secret areas.   Las Vegas Monorail you rock...too bad i was too stupid to use you when I did my dumb ass walk from Tropicana to Circus Circus.~Gp.s. To the dude who mooned us through your hotel window at Bally's Friday night, that was funny.
3	The Monorail runs consistently on time, which is more than I can say about my winnings in Vegas. The door closes just shortly after you get on and two voices (one female/one male) greets and thanks you for using the Las Vegas Monorail, then they start spewing facts about the monorail in a faux comedy act which I could do without. There are 7 stations, all a little different and unique. From the MGM Grand to the Sahara, Don't get to excited if a stop is going to the casino that you're staying at bcuz most likely you're going to do at least a half mile more of walking. We stayed at the MGM and the station was on the far side of the casino past all the restaurants and up the escalator, though it sure beats taking the arm and a leg taxi company. the Wynn also has a shuttle that will pick you up at the Sahara station and take you to the door, very inconsistent, one time we caught the shuttle right when we got off the monorail and one time we had to wait about 20 minutes.Kinda expensive but the best deal is the $9 for 24 hr ticket, otherwise it's $5 a ride. It's also a shame this Monorail doesn't go all the way to the airport but I guess thats just another way for Vegas to keep you in their town.
4	I took the Monorail multiple times this week and had a great experience.  The monorail was clean and all the signs were clearly marked. Since the price is the same if you take it 1 stop or 3 stops, I like it when I go a little further. It's more bang for the buck.
3	Monorail was pretty good. $9 for the one day pass. It's a 24 hour pass. Totally worth it. They also sell a 3 day pass for...$40. I know, the math doesn't make sense, but I guess that's why Las Vegas does so well. Not many people are good at math. Also, in the small coupon booklet, there is a coupon for $7 off a 10 pass ticket. However, not sure what the price of the 10 pass ticket is. So it might not be a good deal. But check it out. The stations are spread out pretty well, but they are all on one side of the strip. They really need to be on both sides. Somehow get to the Palms. Anyway, that's my piece. If you're staying off the strip, it's a good idea to get a pass. If you're not...you might not need the pass or to take the monorail at all. There are ways to get around for free.
2	Not bad, but definitely overpriced!  $5 one-way is highway robbery.  The trains were clean.  The stations were difficult to find and get to from street level.  I had to walk past the station, into the Flamingo Hilton, go to the second floor, then take an elevated walkway back the way I'd come to the station.  They need to create street-level access.  Also, for a system they want everyone to use, the company needs to create better signage.
2	I mean it's not awful, it's clean and you get from A to B quickly, but you will probably spend more time walking through casinos to get to the monorail from the street and then getting your card than you spend on the train.  For someone who knows public trans should only cost $2 (which I do my fair share of bitching about in Chicago), $5 one way on the monorail is like being slapped and mugged at once.  Then again, it is Vegas!
4	Yeah, so you have to walk through the casino to get to the Monorail, but it covers so much of the strip and if you plan on going up and down the strip to different hotels and don't feel like paying 15 bucks every time you get in the cab, or fighting crowds on the hot Vegas sidewalks, this is the best choice to get around the strip.Best of all it's open till the wee hours of the morning and some hotels even offer a shuttle if the monorail doesn't stop at the Hotel (like the Wynn).
3	for the dozen or so times i've been to vegas this is literally the FIRST TIME i have ever seen the monorail running. i couldn't believe it. my boss and i were wary of riding it because of its always breaking down, tipiing over?! repuatation.but it runs from the very north end of the strip (the last stop is the sahara) all the way to the MGM. since were staying at the hilton (the second to last southbound stop) and attending shows at MGM, we decided it ws going to be most definitely cheaper and probably faster than waiting for cabs and getting stuck in strip traffic. it's $5 for one ride, $9 for two rides (which can be shared between two people), $40 for all access, 3 day pass or -the best deal- $9 for an unlimited ride 24-hour pass. we purchased three 24-hour passes and for as much as we went from our hotel, to the mgm, to the convention center, to other random hotels for lunch breaks and what not, we saved -im not kidding- hundreds in cab fares and by god, you do enough walking in vegas without treking from one hotel to the next six times a day.each hotel on the line (about 7) has a station where a train arrives every 7 minutes, and day or night, it was never too crowded to comfortably ride. i will totally do this (if it's an option) every time i go to vegas from now on.
5	Probably the best way to get around the strip. It's fast enough and gets you where you need to go. But if you want to get to like the Stratosphere or Circus Circus, be prepared for a bit of a walk.
5	Beats walking in the heat. We got a nice view and a comfy ride from one side of town to the other. A very cool experience.
3	From a tourist standpoint:It's too expensive and doesn't go too far with very limited stops. For me, I can easily find the monorail stops within the casinos since I come here a lot but for first and second timers, I can see how the stops could be difficult to locate. It doesn't help that they're usually ALL THE WAY IN THE BACK OF LARGE CASINOS. Some positives would be that it's clean and is somewhat of a life saver if you don't want to walk. I'll maybe take it once or twice during my trips to vegas but I usually would take the Deuce or take a cab; depending where I want to go.
4	The monorail is very convenient especially during the hot summer months. In my opinion, I prefer the monorail over the taxi cab. I was in Vegas a couple weeks ago and the 24 hour pass was $9. As of right now, the price is still $9 according to the official website. The monorail has stops from the MGM Grand (South Strip) all the way to the Sahara (North Strip) with stops in the middle. If you want to be in the middle of it all, I prefer getting off the Harrahs/Imperial Palace station. The only negative thing I have about the monorail is that it can get pretty full to the point where you would have to wait for another train. Other than that, by all means necessary, take the monorail rather than the cab.
1	Are you kidding me Vegas? Seriously, are you?Let's see...We wanted to experience the monorail to see how it was to get around - taking it from Bally's to the Wynn. We thought hey if this works well, maybe we could use this instead of cabs. UM yeaaaaah. No. We Walked....and walked...and walked...about a mile through Bally's to find the entrance. Had to walk on the stairs and escalators just to get into Bally's, then through a huge casino, through the mall in the casino, and more to get to the monorail. I think the walk took a good 20-30 minutes to navigate through the casino to the monorail. Had we hailed a cab it would have been.... what -  .5 seconds??? So we paid $9 each for a day pass - which totaled $36 for 4 people. FYI: cab for the same 4 people totaled $8!!!!!!!!! $8 compared with $36, what a ripoff!But wait there's more! We were going to the Wynn from Bally's which is about .7 miles away. While on the monorail we start approaching the Wynn and I'm thinking we are here, let's go!!! but oh no.. not so fast kids! This thing takes you about 3 miles away from the Wynn, where you have to wait to take a SHUTTLE BUS to get there!!!!  Really?? Oh and the bus comes once every 30 minutes. Good times. All this for a mere $36 for 4 people!!!  2 hours later (not a joke)  we arrived at the Wynn!!! Next time I'm walking or cabbing it. Faster AND cheaper!
3	more novelty than convenience, but still no complaints here. i'd recommend taking a ride if you're a first-time vegas tourist. $11 for a 24-hour pass wasn't really outrageous for what is essentially a mini-sightseeing tour of the strip. it's not especially valuable in terms of transportation, but it was probably the best way to get from harrah's to the hilton when we decided to go eat at benihana. not so much when we tried to save time and walking distance to get to the bellagio via the paris stop. oh well, i guess we were planning on spending an hour wandering through paris at some point anyway...oh, and that cheesy guitar riff they play the whole time is pretty unforgettable. no, seriously, it's STILL stuck in my head.
3	It's not the most convenient, but every trip I take down here, I like to hop on it at least once and ride to the end and back to see what's new that's not directly on the strip. You get a good view, and can sit with your feet up for a few and check things out.
1	This is seriously the worst bargain in Las Vegas.  It's expensive and does NOT take you where you want to go!  NIce job city managers!!!You would think that it would drop you off AT the Convention Center.  NOPE!  They seriously drop you off about 1/2-1/4 mile AWAY from the Convention Center at which point you have to walk across the ENTIRE HUGE black asphalt parking lot in the 100+ heat!  What a Fucking JOKE!If you have a car ... just drive and park on-site ... it's WAY easier.
4	The LV Monorail is awesome! Drops you off right in front of the LV Convention Center.. super convenient for trade shows and for getting around without paying a ton of money for cab fares. I never call out anyone in a Yelp but Dave B must be talking about another city. This literally drops you off in front of the South Hall at the LV Convention Center. If you get off on the next stop at the Hilton you can get to the North Hall through the Hilton, ALL AIR CONDITIONED. Have you ever tried to park at the convention center? Good luck leaving around 5pm and getting back to your hotel in under an hour!
1	Horrible people work for the Las Vegas Monorail. If it weren't for their horrible employees, I might give them more stars, because occasionally their services can be useful (although not cheap).However, horrible service = 1 star.Oh and FYI, don't bother going to a station after 1am if you think you're going to pay with a credit card. Because you're not.
1	Let me say first that the monorail system itself is a great idea, and there is nothing seriously wrong within the system itself.  Somewhat high but yet reasonable cost, trains a bit far apart, but clean and neat.The thing that dooms the Monorail is that it is inconvenient.Everyone knows that getting places on the strip in a timely fashion is a miserable task.  Driving stinks.  Walking can be difficult and crowded.  A monorail sounds perfect.It would be, except that the line itself is too short, missing connections to MGM properties such as the Luxor that are beyond the Grand.  Further, the monorail doesn't actually run down the Strip, but rather the east side of casinos on the strip.  So if you want to get to something like the Bellagio, you have to walk from the station through Paris, cross the street, and then into the Bellagio.  Doesn't sound bad, right?  Except that it's over half a mile, assuming you find the optimal path, which the casinos would prefer you didn't.  They'll route you through their shopping areas, then the casino floor, and it is pretty common for the trip from the trip from Bally's/Paris Station to the Bellagio casino floor to be three quarters of a mile of walking.So, if you want to go from the Luxor to the Bellagio, you walk out of the Luxor, onto their elevated tram, and then take that to Excalibur.  We'll be generous and say that this is no walking.  From the tram stop at Excalibur, over to MGM Grand Station, which if you're lucky, you figure out how to get to without walking through Grand, which makes it only a half mile walk.  Monorail to Paris.  Six tenths of a mile walk to Bellagio.  1.1 miles.Distance to walk all the way from Luxor, 1.3 miles.  Only 1.1 miles if you take the Luxor-Excalibur tram and then walk.  Yes, you could have saved yourself the Monorail fare and time...You might as well have walked to begin with.  What rocket scientist figured this thing out?In all fairness, that's only a one-stop trip, but it shows the manner in which this idea is broken.  A monorail right down the middle of the Strip, that'd be more useful.  Connecting segments to off-Strip areas?  That'd be absolutely worth every penny.  This?  Something of a waste.  The poor folks at Circus Circus get to walk a full mile to reach the closest stop.
4	Love the monorail. We pretty much got on at the far end and got off at MGM and it was a great ride especially after hightailing it up and down the strip for the past 2 days. My feet and legs needed a break. I think the best part were the announcements. Those cracked me up.
5	I thought this would be a hard to learn,it was so easy even a grade schooler could navigate the route. It takes you to your destination  with no hassle. They should at least change the recording for the Las vegas HIlton stop,since the Star Trek experience is not there anymore,instead you will find lots of slot machines..although the facade is still there.
5	When staying on the strip, we generally choose a hotel with a monorail stop.  The monorail makes traveling up and down the strip a breeze.  It's much less expensive than hailing a cab to get from one place to another, and much easier on the feet than walking long distances.  You can get a 3 day pass for $28.00 and ride as often as you like.  You can barely take two cab rides for that price, plus there's no traffic to navigate through.  Wish they would extend it on downtown and to the airport as well.I love it!
4	Cab fares suck big ones.We needed to get to the MGM from the Venetian for dinner so we gave ourselves a couple hours to navigate there.  Our cab from McCarran to the Venetian was a whopping $30 for 2 and this irritated me.  So, I thought it would be economical to try the Monorail for the first time.Instead of catching it at Harrah's we walked the strip and took pictures on our way to Bally's.  The rough thing about walking through Bally's is the trek you have to make from the front entrance to the monorail station (back of the hotel).  We paid the $5 each and hopped on with no trouble.  We literally sat down for 1 minute and were already at the MGM!  The monorail is similar to Disneyland's monorail.  Very clean. No bad odors.  Nice.    This option works if you are in comfy shoes and are out shopping for the day or casino hopping.  If you are going clubbing you are better off cabbing it.  Ladies, you DO NOT want to hike through the Casino to the monorail stops in your stilettos. Oy.Monorail Stops:MGMFlamingoHarrah's/Imperial PalaceConvention CenterLV HiltonSahara
5	God Bless the Monorail! It really saved us time having to walk along the strip and avoid being smothered by people working the streets, trying to hand you advertisements with smut images and people looking for a buck trying to sell you on nightclub passes. The Monorail arrives at each station about every 5-7 minutes, not bad considering it covers from the Sahara to the MGM Grand. Pretty much every hotel you'd like the visit is a reasonably short walk from a Monorail station so give it a shot. It'll be the best $12 (for a 24 hour ticket) you spend in Vegas. Personal Account: We rode the Monorail on New Year's Eve/New Year's Day getting on/off at the Sahara, Harrah's, Bally's, MGM Grand, and the Las Vegas Convention Center -- pretty much the whole line. All stations except for the Convention Center dump you right into, you guessed it, the Hotel's CASINO areas. You have to walk all the way through the Casino area before you catch sight of the Strip (Las Vegas Blvd) as the Monorail is set BEHIND the hotel/resorts.
3	the monorail has a very convenient station inside the MGM, but it's too expensive!
2	Um, $5 a person for a one way ride? That's two hands of black jack I could've made money on!
4	Well for a free ride, it certainly wasn't bad at all! There were some nice tourists that actually stopped me from putting money into the ticket machine and gave me some free all day passes. I was exhausted after a long walk from MGM all the way to Paris. I thought this was a great way to get back to my car.  The problem with the return stop is that you get dropped off the other end of the MGM and I had to walk all the way back to the parking garage.  The stops weren't exactly convenient but its better then walking 3 miles back to my car.
3	If you're staying at the Sahara, as I was the last time I passed through Vegas, the Monorail is a godsend and deserves SIX stars.For everyone else, call it the "Lesser-of-Two-Evils"-Rail. I think the Monorail disappoints people because they expect it to be like the NY subway, cheap and with plenty of stations just a few steps away from wherever you want to go - neither of which is practical in Vegas. But in certain situations, it's a nice option to have.
2	The ride itself from Bally's to MGM should have been simple and straightforward.    Buy 2 one-way tickets, get on the train and go, then get on the train and come back.  Not so easy.First, the ticketing system sucks out loud.  I paid cash for 2 round trips, not realizing it prints 2 TICKETS!!  Why 2 tickets?  And at least put a big sign or message flashing on the screen that says "we're inept and can't figure out how to get multiple trips on one ticket, so you're getting more than one!"I purchased 2 and only picked up one ticket.  So my round trip ticket to MGM cost me $15, not $10.Second.... people in Las Vegas are mostly drunk, so you have to make the electronic entry gates easier to use for these Drunkasaurus Rex candidates.  You put the ticket in, it validates it, you walk through the turnstiles and it makes a beeping sound like you're violating the law.  That sound makes you think you did something wrong and you back out, not wanting to do something wrong.  But your ticket doesn't work again, because you used it 10 seconds ago.These people are drunk!  I wasn't drunk and I thought I was doing something wrong.  Get a system that works better!  And get me a beer!The part where I got on the train and went from one location to another?  That was flawless and the reason it's 2 stars instead of 1.
5	What the heck are people complaining about with this thing?  It's fast, it's convenient, and it's easy!  I've read a lot of reviews complaining about the distance they need to walk.  What? If you are going to a casino, you are going to walk. They are set up that way on purpose!I use a wheelchair and the Monorail is super easy to navigate and, despite what I've read on here it is much cheaper than Cabs. It also has never taken me more than a couple minutes to get from the station to any casino.  Sure, I understand that if you are staying at a place without a station, it's a little inconvenient, but no one is saying you have to use it every time you go somewhere.
5	I was very pleased with the monorail.  Our hotel was on the outskirts of the strip, and the station was a quick walk from it.  A single ride is $5, or a day pass is $13.  There was an option for a three day pass as well.  The trains run every five minutes, something the announcements like to inform you of.  Like clockwork, we never waited more than five minutes.  There are seven stops altogether, which were appropriately spaced out.  The map lists which hotels are near each stop, and there are free guides that give lists of nearby shops and restaurants near each stop as well.  It doesn't let you off in front of where you want to go, but its easy enough.  A little walking is expected, so get over it.  People expecting an inner city subway are expecting too much.  It runs until 2 or 3 am (weekday or weekend) so you can hit some clubs and rely on it to get home.  They were never crowded, and we rode it all day Saturday.
5	My B/f and I stayed at the Stratosphere, so having the monorail less than a block away was AMAZING! For three days my b/f and I each spent $28.Trust me it's totally worth the money you spend on it. In 15 minutes we were at MGM. While there are up to seven stops it sure doesn't feel like that. It's also the smoothest train ride I've ever been on. I know it's a monorail and not a train, but its ride is so SMOOTH! Not only that but we got an amazing tour of Vegas along the way to MGM. It was wonderful! I was also very surprised as to how often the train came as well as the cleanliness of it. So I say if you want to get somewhere fast and efficiently then trust me the Monorail is the best way to get there. I'm surprised it hasn't received the great it truly deserves. It was the best thing we road on while in Vegas! This thing totally earned a page in my scrapbook!
3	It's a monorail. It takes you from place to place. It does its job. Fine.A friend of mine recently had surgery, making walking sort of difficult. So we decided to take the monorail, but only needed to travel one stop. It's a flat $5 for a one way ride, no matter if you're traveling one stop, or all seven. I wish they'd work out a ticketing system where you pay according to how far you ride. $5 is fine if you're trying to get all the way across the strip, but seems a bit much if you're only going two or three blocks. If you're planning on riding multiple times, they have an all day pass for $13, or a three day pass for $28. The ride itself is pretty good. The trains run like clockwork every five minutes and are there without fail. They run smoothly at about 55 miles per hour.So, if you're going to be going up and down the strip, the Monorail is a pretty efficient and cost-effective mode of transportation. Otherwise, cabbing or walking might be a better idea.
4	The monorail is a great service in Vegas. Its fast. Its clean. And it can cut off the need for a taxi if you need to get certain places around the Strip or just off the Strip areas (like the Convention Center). My only issue...I just dont think Las Vegas has done enough with it (for example building a Monorail on the other side of the Strip for those hotels, a line from the airport to the Strip). Im all for public transportation...and this is a good one to use if you are in Las Vegas and your expecting to be on the Strip the whole time.
3	***While expensive, this monorail can be quite convenient (especially if you are going from one monorail spot to another--like the MGM Grand and the convention center)***I like the Las Vegas monorail because even though everything is close, driving and parking can be excruciatingly long due to too much street traffic.  The monorail's main value is getting from MGM Grand/Caesars to the Las Vegas Convention Center or the Sahara (though that's a pretty bad hotel).The monorail is definitely not cheap, but they run most of the day and night, buying tickets is a breeze with the automated tellers, and when a big convention is going on (and you have to get to the convention center), it is much easier and quicker taking the monorail over other means.  Plus, you can do some people watching.  Though the repetitive voice-over plugs on casinos and Vegas history can be quite annoying after too many trips.
2	$5 one way?  What a rip-off unless you're going from one end to the other.  MGM to Sahara might be worth that, but no thanks if you're just going from Bally's to Harrah's, or MGM to Bally's.  Not enough distance, not fast enough, and the $13 pass is just silly.
4	$13 for a day pass.  Definitely worth it, beats walking in the horrific heat.
2	By the time you have finished wandering around aimlessly in the MGM grand to find the monorail entrance, you coud've walked the strip and been at your destination faster.  Because of course if you follow the confusing signs, you just end up winding around all the casino tables which takes twice as long.   Just do yourself a favor and take the bus that runs up and down the strip all day....it's much cheaper.
5	I rode the monorail again extensively in June.  I still think the 3 day unlimited pass for $28 is a great deal, particularly if you're staying near either end of the strip.  You would pay much more than $28 in cab fare over 3 days going back and forth.  Of course if you're staying at a particular hotel and just plan on remaining in that same general area, then the monorail wouldn't work for you.  It's not meant for short hops from one hotel to the next adjoining hotel.  It would be just as quick to walk to your destination as it would be to get to the closest monorail platform, wait for the train, and then take a 1 minute trip to the next stop.But for traveling longer distances back and forth, it can't be beat.
4	I definitely recommend buying monorail passes if you want to be able to walk after staying for a week in Las Vegas. I would never have tried the monorail, but my family insisted.  Try it once, and you'll be hooked.The only problem is that it is not that convenient to the MGM/Luxor part of the strip. The monorail stop is located at the far end of MGM so it takes a while to get there. We stayed at Bally's (North Tower, of course - the South Tower blows,) which has an optimal monorail stop. For once I got home and my feet weren't swollen. Hooray!
4	It serves its purpose in life! Gets you from one place to another.Although There arent alot of stops it sure gets you close enough to where you want to be.We tried to be budget friendly the first day we were in vegas.....BIG MISTAKE especially in the Vegas HEAT. So we got the monorail from Harrahs back to MGM. Its a fairly easy process to purchase tickets and to board the monorail. The tickets are a little pricey..but I believe its cheaper than going to the hospital for sun stroke. Get the three day pass...its cheaper in a way..especially if your going to be here for a couple of days. Monorail is airconditioned and clean..which is always a plus....just use it if your going from one end to another...and have kids with u...
3	I have used the monorail on 5 separate trips to Vegas.  3 of those trips were for trade shows at the convention center and I stayed at Bally's.  Under those conditions I was riding to and from the convention center and at  least one way for dinner with friends in the evening.  For that set of circumstances it worked great. When I am in Vegas for pleasure I usually stay at Excalibur and the monorail is much less convenient being on the other side of the street and the only reason I used it was folks I was with said that is the method of transportation we would be using.  But not everybody enjoys walking no matter what the weather like I do.Pluses - it is clean, air conditioned, nobody trying to wave sales literature in your face.  And they have added trains to cut down the wait.Negatives - From some casinos it really is faster to walk to your next destination.  Some of the stops are hard to find just because of the way the casino and the signage is set up, I have gotten lost several times in MGM.  If you are not doing several rides per day it is relatively expensive.
3	The monorail was a life saver or should I say feet saver. For $5  a ride. We took this because we were tired. From the Excalibur to the Venetian by foot...walked around there for a bit. Then we took the monorail from inside the Harrah's Casino and got off at the MGM (Took us like 10 minutes maybe less) walked a cross the bridge and to New york new york then a another bridge to Excalibur. The monorail has stops at a couple more places Flamingo, Ballys, and couple more.
4	I immediately started using the monorail when it first opened and haven't stopped using it since.  It's always been a nice convenience for me to move up and down the Strip, especially from Harrah's to MGM, in less than 10 minutes.  It might be a little pricey, but I'll take convenience over time wasted walking under the hot Vegas sun.  I usually go for the 3 day unlimited pass so I could just ride it anytime during my stay there.  Beats taking the taxi.  I agree the stations are quite a reach to get to since they're usually behind the hotels so I think the monorail is really only handy if you're staying at a casino with a monorail station.  I usually stay at Harrah's or Bally's,  so it's not a big issue walking to the station.  However, if you're on the other side of the Strip, it'll be quite a walk.
4	Awesome.  Sure, it doesn't go to the Wynn, and sometimes you have to cross the street, but overall, its very useful.  Clean, runs frequently, and can save you a ton of out-door walking which is great in the summer.People who hate walking will probably not enjoy using the monorail - as theres always a ton of walking from the station to wherever you are trying to go.  That said, in August heat, bein able to avoid long walks outside is awesome.Minus one star for not being 24 hours.  This is Vegas, baby.
3	Even though I am against paying for things that are not necessary, I really did enjoy the monorail.  It IS a bit pricey tho.  5 bones for 1 trip?? But after having to walk the strip in the hot sun with everyone and their brother, who by the way walk about 1mph, and being bothered by people selling water for a $1 and naked women cards being shoved in our faces I was willing to pay anything  to get on this monorail thing!  Quick, comfortable,  not too crowded and you get to rest your legs!
5	Not your Disney monorail.  This one runs up and down The Strip, between the MGM Grand and the Sahara.  You'd think that's not so far, but after you realize that each block in Vegas is 1/2 mile, and walking between these two stations is 6 freaking miles, you'll want that air-conditioned comfort.  Each train is painted differently, after all, this is the entertainment capital of the world.  If you get tired of gawking at the endless scenery, there are TVs on the trains advertising constantly.  OK, sometimes it's even more fun to watch the other passengers, but I digress.  A ride is $5, 24 hours is $14.  Go for the 24-hour ticket, you'll be glad you did.  Take several cards with you, as the vending machines sometimes choke on the magnetic stripe coding.  Hey, this is no casino, this is a railroad.  They aren't going to suck money out of your DMV license.  By the way, there is a Convention Center station.
2	misleading or unclear information on their website regarding pricing. price at stations is not stated on website. beware if you purchase tics for other people, they have a price increase in effect. the monorail itself is great if it goes where you are going. otherwise just cab it. their customer service lacks a little to be desired. very defensive when i tried to discuss website issues. unfortunate how one representative can taint your view of an organization....keep this in mind next time a customer calls....followup a year later: my son was out here for a few days and we went to the strip, parked at mgm took monorail down to harrahs station. we must have missed the sign (if there was one) saying they were closing at midnight. at 12:02 we discovered we missed the last train (actually us and a bunch of other people) and instead of a $1 ride on the monorail it was a $10 cab back to mgm. sent them a message the next day and to my surprise they replied, apologized for the inconvenience and offered to reimburse my cab expense and a free annual pass....yeah, right...NOT...same as before, no reply says they still don't care.with my gripes out of the way here is a more complete review - first it is a LONG walk back to the monorail stations. seems slightly less than walking to where you want to go but it is mostly inside and/or covered so either warm or cool depending on the time of the year, that's a plus. the trains and stations are clean and the wait is usually not very long. signs are clear so easy to navigate. if you want to go to the convention center convenient parking at harrahs, mgm or sahara and take the train. sometimes the escalators are not working and it is a LONG walk up/down the stairs to get to ground level. also the handrails at the convention center stop have a tendency to leave your hands soiled. it would get 5 stars no matter what else if it went downtown or to the airport....sadly no. if you are going to the wynn, or sands convention center be prepared for a long walk from the nearest station which i think is harrahs. i am not sure why but the entrance gates are not real intuitive, you will set off sirens if you do it wrong. kind of funny. my problem is after riding bart for years, it keeps your ticket when it is empty, not lvmonorail, you have to take the empty ticket out and throw it away yourself (ahh sirens.)  for locals it is a good value, thats why they earned the second star. (except when they close early and don't tell you!)
1	Fail. EPIC Fail.I thought that BART was bad, and then I ride this.We were a bit drunk, and decided we'd take a ride to go meet up with another friend instead of walking a couple of miles. $5, one way, one trip!?!?! Highway robbery at its finest! Considering 5 guys x $5 tickets = $25, we could've easily gotten a cab for all of us for half of that.Needless to say, we walked the rest of the entire trip and never once set foot back into a Monorail station.
5	Besides a taxi and your own feet this is one of the best ways to get up and down the strip.  The train is very safe as when I was there I always saw Transit Police at the stations and on the trains.  I even saw them with bomb dogs checking the stations and train cars.  The stations and trains are very clean!
4	The monorail is good for when going to trade shows at the convention center.  Park/valet your car at a hotel/casino that's easy to get in and out of (like the Sahara or the Flamingo), then ride the monorail to the LVCC, thereby avoiding getting stuck in car traffic near the convention.  Keep in mind that the monorail is pricey ($5 one-way), so if there's going to be a few of you trying to get somewhere, you might be better off taking a cab.  It costs about $15-$20 to get from one end of the Strip to the other.
4	i love the monorail - good for drunk/tipsy/buzzed/tired passengers late @ night (1am) & on rainy days so don't have to die while walkin' on the strip but not 5 stars cuz its a lil pricey $5 per ride/ per person lol
3	It's fun becuase it's a monorail, but other than that...It's not a good option for getting around on the strip, as the monorail is set so far back from the strip that in order to get to it or the strip from it requires trekking back and forth through casinos. Considering all of the foot time and accumulated distance, you might as well walk the strip.I reccomend the bus. For $14 you get a 24 hour pass and there are so many busses running the route at once that the longest I ever waited for one was 5 minutes.
2	There is no point.  We once rode on it for fun.  That was about it.  And we haven't rode on it since.  Yeah.  Hopefully the locals are using it...'cause I don't know who else would be.  Yeah.
1	Total scam.  Unless you are going from MGM to the Convention Center, at 5 bucks a ticket a cab will most likely cost you less than the monorail.  If there are more than 2 of you, don't even consider.   Nothing more than an excuse to force you through more casino floors.  So far behind the hotels that you, most times, will be walking more to and from the monorail than you would have just walking between casinos.
5	This is hands down THE BEST way to get around The Strip in Vegas. We got three day passes for $30 ($5 for one trip, $12 for a one day pass) and we rode it everywhere. It has about 7 or 8 stops along the strip at various hotels (MGM, Paris, Harrah's, Imperial Palace, Convention Center, Sarhara, etc). We just rode it to the hotel closest to wherever we were going, and walked the rest of the way. It saved SO much time. We stayed on the northend of the strip, and most of the big hotels are on the south end, so there's no way we could have walked. Vegas is SO huge as it is, that any amount of walking you can save yourself from doing is awesome. I HIGHLY reccomend taking the monorail for traveling along the strip. It only takes about 15 minutes to go from one end to the other, and usually isnt very crowded.
5	This was the best way to get around town when my friends and I were down in Vegas. It has a lot of stops which makes it very possible to hit lots of the strip in one day. This is the best way for people who are going to ride ATLEAST all day unlimited, to buy a one way is just STUPID. you people are idiots if you only buy a one way ticket.
2	This is never a good idea unless you're staying at one of the hotels/resorts directly connected to the monorail, and plan to travel only to the casinos attached to the monorail. Often times, the amount of walking you'll end up having to do is nearly the same amount as actually stepping out the door and walking up/down the strip. Also, $5 per ride, or even $30 for a 3-day pass.. silly. If you're traveling on a budget, do your feet a favor and take the Deuce. It's $15 for a 3-day pass and you'll get on/off a few steps away from the entrance of whichever hotel/casino you're heading to/from.Or if you've got buddies, take the damn cab.
4	The monorail is only worth it if you have a coupon or a discount code... but I was able to get both of those things just walking down the Strip last week, and I made VERY good use of my 3-day pass.The coupon got us 2 tickets for the price of one... so if you do the math, that was $15 each for our 3-day passes, or $5 a day to get up and down the Strip as often as we wanted.  That's WAY cheaper than a taxi and it's WAY faster and less crowded than the Deuce.What people say about the stations being waaaaaaayyyyy in the back of the casinos is absolutely true, but not all of the walks are that bad.  The walks from the MGM Grand or Bally's stations to the Strip feel like they're each about 30 miles long, but the walks are really quite short at the Flamingo, the Hilton, and the Sahara... and not too bad at Harrah's, either.  While it may not be worth it to take the monorail from, say, Bally's to MGM, it's definitely a great way to get down to the Stratosphere or the Sahara from anywhere else on the Strip.Before you leave for Vegas, look around online for monorail discount codes - and take everything people hand you on the Strip and in the casinos (well, other than the hooker cards unless that's your kind of thing) because we actually got quite a few good coupons that way, including one for the monorail.
3	Poorly planned and executed, I guess that is why the monorail is finally going bankrupt.  Only decent if you are staying at the center strip hotels or a place where the monorail is really easy to get to, which I think is only the Hilton casino.  In the past we have stayed at the Flamingo and taking the monorail wasn't that bad. However, staying at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay and taking the monorail located at MGM was kind of crazy.  We had to walk through Mandalay Place out into Luxor from Luxor to Excalibur and then go across a bridge outside into NY NY then to the very back of MGM.  So it was quite a journey to get our moneys worth. The next time I stay on a Southern strip located property I will definitely take a cab.
3	I was staying at the Stratosphere which is at the ass end of the earth from the main part of the strip. As such, the Monorail came in handy for getting back and forth. I agree it's pricey and hiding the stations in the worst parts of the hotels was a dumb idea. I get that the hotel wants you to walk thru it, but by the time you walk thru one hotel, you're frustrated and figure it's easier just to call a cab.If they had planned this out better they would have had people on this thing like crazy. As it is, the cars were mostly empty, although clean. Overall, it's worth it if you're not in a big group that can split a cab and if you're staying on one end of the strip and trying to get to the other.
3	You're essentially paying $5 a ride to escape from the middle of a casino and bypass all the crowds on the streets.  The price of this luxury is of course steep, but you can get a code to cheapen the fare from any concierge at your casino.   It's still really expensive and I'd stay off it if it's not 115 degrees out.   But that can happen...Be sure to ask, "Is there a chance the track could bend?"  because someone will either stare or give you the secret reply back.
3	We were so tired from all the walking and thought it would be easy enough to hop on the monorail to return back to the Venetian.  We walked into one of the monorail hotels thinking the monorail station was going to be close to the entrance we had entered. WRONG!!! I swear the walk was about a mile long before we got to the ticket booths.  We might have been better walking back to the hotel since we were about a mile away anyway!Then, after we had walked through a mile in the hotel's casino, we were SHOCKED to find that the monorail is now $5!!!!! That's more expensive than Chicago's public transit system! We were not happy. This thing used to be free!!!! I guess the economy is really hitting Vegas hard.The overall monorail ride is great. There is no conductor so say a little prayer that the automatic transit will never get stuck.  Also, remember to pay attention to signs on where to board. We missed a train because we didnt pay attention to the signs.
1	I always thought this thing was useless, pointless, overpriced and too hazardous to ride from the start.......but then I found out that the reason why CAT Bus fares are spiraling out of control was because of the monorails epic failure. ......excuse me while I show my middle finger to the RTC. Maybe it wouldn't have failed if:It serviced the whole city like a typical monorail/subway should, and not just the east side of of The Strip. This thing would be SO much more useful if it had stops on the other side of the Strip, Fremont Street along with various other locations Downtown, UNLV, all 3 of the main CSN campuses, and *gasp* the VEGAS SUBURBS TOO(people out there need to get around too you know. Not all of them have cars).Also, MAYBE, JUST MAYBE, IF WE DIDN'T COMPLETELY RELY ON AND CATER TO THE TOURISTS FOR ONCE THINGS LIKE THIS WOULDN'T BACKFIRE ON US. UGH.
5	I am a big fan of the monorail. It is very fast and convenient. A train comes every few minutes so you never wait too long. I wish you could catch it from airport like the Marta in Atlanta. Some of the stations are a really really far walk through the casino to get to.
3	I think this was useful cause we were at one end of the strip MGM and wanted to get to other parts of the strip. Yeah its only connected to a few casinos but when its 100+ its not that bad that you're closer to most hotels on that one side of the strip than walking around and running drunk people on the street or taking an over priced taxi which will get stuck in traffic.
5	Love the monorail better than the bus. It's air conditioned and gets you from point A to point B very quickly and is easy to navigate even when drunk LOL $12 for a pass that is good for 24 hours and I believe it runs until 3am, not bad and cheaper than a taxi.
1	Why on gods green earth does this thing exist if it does not run during the time when you get out of the club... the times you need it way way wat more than your car! Defeats the entire purpose of buying a 24 hour day pass for 12 flippin dollars! ridiculous
3	A great way to stay mobile within operating times. Sure a cab is prolly cheaper but a better way to look like a tourist than to jump on the monorail and take a lap or two on their limited route.  Plan accordingly because if you miss that last round at night you will have to cab it.
4	Absolutely, if you don't have good walking shoes then don't take the train. We were staying at the Las Vegas Hilton and the train direclty connects to the hotel, steps away from the room elevator. We wound up taking it several times after we took one cab ride to and from the Wynn costing us $15 each way ($30 for the mathematically challenged). I was incredibly drunk Saturday night and took it from the MGM to the Hilton and except for the needless stops (Convention Center anyone, anyone, anyone...anyone) it worked okay. The walk from the stop at Imperial Palace to Ceasar's Palace was loooong. But overall saved us transportation costs through the week, it was safe and quick so no complaints. Except for that god damn music they keep playing in the background, friggin' song is stuck in my head.
5	Best way to get around in Las Vegas if you're watching your budget. This is a good deal!
1	DONT TAKE THE MONORAIL!!!! On the map it looks like an excellent form of transportation, running parallel to the main strip.  It turns out its like a 20 minute walk off the main strip, so you're better off waking straight along the road instead of spending hours cutting back and forth through casinos to get to the shitty monorail.My lesson from this trip was to just PAY UP for the taxis they're worth it!
3	...could this be better?  Yes.I needs to connect to more hotels.  But it does the job a little bit when you're tired of rushing around in heels.
4	I love using the Monorail.  It's a great way to access the East Side of the LV Strip.  As a Local, I hate driving in/out of the Strip....so I avoid it as much as possible.  The Monorail provides a great service.  Here are some tips:- If you are a Vegas Local or a Visitor for that matter and are attending an event at the MGM Grand Arena...ie UFC, Boxing, Concerts, whatever....a great shortcut to/from the event is to park at the Las Vegas Hilton or Sahara and take the Monorail to the MGM.  It drops you off at the rear of the MGM and if you take the exit that leads to the shopping mall, you will literally be 2 min away from the Arena.  This only works if you already have your event tickets and can walk in.  The best part?  When you leave, you get on the Monorail and you're back at the Hilton or Sahara within 20 minutes and in your car in no time.  I've done this several times and can be at home in bed within 40 minutes after an event at the Arena....meanwhile, friends who opted to park at the MGM Grand parking garage were still trying to get out because they parked on the 6th Floor....ha!- If you are a Vegas Local, you can pick up Monorail tickets for $1 at the Vegas.com booths if they're open.- If you plan to ride more than 2 stops, get the day pass....it's worth it.- If you're a Local, it's a great way in/out of the Strip on NYE....again, park at the Hilton or Sahara for easy access.....you won't regret it.- If you're a Local and work at one of the casinos on the Monorail route....get a bunch of those $1 tickets and have lunch off-property at the other places on the route....it's a fun way to get to see the Strip.Will I return?  Of course!
4	Make sure you have ample time if you take this mode of transportation... (i.e.., don't be a procrastinator!) and you can save a lot of dough. Yes, it is cooler than sticking it out in the oven-like heat, and it seems to be faster (no traffic!) and cheaper than a taxi, but also a lot longer of a walk. There is about a 5-8 minute wait between trains. There are several stops but some places might be a mile away from your destination if they are across the street from where the monorail is. The casinos/hotels are GINORMOUS in Vegas! Don't say I didn't warn you!
3	It's certainly a start and is convenient for getting around to some places, but it really ought to go all the way to the airport.  Also, considering the short distance of travel, $5 is quite a lot.
2	You remember the Monorail episode of the Simpsons?   It is the one where the some con man comes to town and they build a Monorail and then it breaks and they can not get the brakes to work and it just starts barreling out of control around the town before Homer can save the day and anchor the out of control train to a giant donut?  Thats what the Vegas Monorail is like to me...without being so funny.I guess the $12 pass for 24 hours is a decent deal if you plan on going from one end of the strip all the way to the other frequently.  Maybe I am different but I love walking the strip, I think its half the fun.  If I have somewhere to go far away I drive my car.We decided to try the Monorail one night when we were all the way down at MGM and needed to get back to Harrah's and did not want to walk all the way late at night.  We got on the train and it started on its journey...faster and faster and faster...seriously I thought we were going to crash.  No joke.  It still seemed like it took a while to get from the MGM all the way back to Harrah's.  I totally was not impressed with the whole experience.  Next time we will either take the car down to the other end or just walk.  :0)
3	Eh. The Monorail serves the purpose for getting tourists from point A to point B while preventing you from having to shell out cash, that should be used for booze, on taxis.The Monorail was clean, quick, gets you within walking distant of most of the large casinos/hotels, and YOU CAN DRINK ON IT!!I think it is a bit over priced for what it is. $5 for a round trip ticket. Gulp. Really?Maybe I'm just cheap...Also, expanded services would be awesome to see. Why doesn't the Monorail serve more of Vegas? Seems like a folly to me...
4	I like riding the monorail although I don't ride it frequently.  I use it when I attend CES and G2E.  I park at the MGM Grand garage and ride from the station there above all the traffic and I don't have to worry about parking at the Convention Center.  For Nevada residents, it's a bargain.  We pay $1 each way and can buy two tickets at once.  (Note:  Resident tickets can only be purchased at the MGM and Sahara stations.  You must have ID).I can understand people complaining about the price and the location.  It's not the most convenient transportation especially if you're getting off at Paris/Bally's and then have to hoof it to Paris Las Vegas.  But, I hike several miles a week, so the distances are nothing for me.
4	Convenient locations, fairly cheap (if you don't use it all the time), but my one gripe is finding the station at the MGM Grand was ridiculous. Sure different employees are going to give you different directions but it shouldn't have to be so damn difficult to get there! But after walking around Las Vegas in the heat I guess you put up with it to save some time by taking the monorail.
3	Beats trying to walk to the convention center, beats taking a cab, beats trying to park there. The only issue is the walk from the Ballys station, I would like to find a better station to access, but we stay at Ballys.
1	Sorry I just had to write on Yelp to complain about the LV Monorail.  I am giving poor marks for overall design and efficiency.  I am big fan of public transit but if there were to be a case made against public transit, the LV Monorail would be that case.  The monorail is too far away from the Strip and the walk from a station to a hotel's entrance that is not right at the stop is too long.  The cost of $5 per person each way is far too expensive.  Now had the monorail been built over Las Vegas Blvd. connected by overpass to hotels and each side of the Strip, started from the airport and gone downtown, it would be the envy of the nation.  But a monorail to nowhere is a just a plain waste of money.  It is like driving your car and then having to get out a walk the rest of the way.The planners of this system did the community a real disservice.
3	There's some usefulness of the monorail, although it's not the most efficient or accessible system.I understand that it was underwritten by the casinos. Therefore, to get to the stations, you pretty much have to wander through the casino floors. Make people walk by the gaming areas. I get it. It just isn't terribly efficient and accessing (and finding) the stations from the street level is accordingly difficult.But once you get past that drawback, it's a reasonable way to wander along all the casinos. Get a 24 hour pass and you can travel up and down the strip easily and check out the best places and restaurants. So if you're staying on the strip, it's a nice investment to keep you from walking several miles.Or, considering all the buffets around, that may not be a good thing.
3	If anything, I'm a bit of a transit nerd. Las Vegas has steadily improved these options over the years and I was impressed by the fact they even have a monorail. Pros: It's friggin there. Buses on the strip aren't horrible but the traffic is. I hate stop and go traffic so the fact you can ride over it? Score!It runs quickly. I've never waited more than 10 minutes for one. Save for NYE when there was some crowd control on the platforms.I've planned my last two Vegas trips around staying near monorail stops. I stayed in the summer at Flamingo which is a stop on the monorail.And for NYE since I didn't want to get fleeced by insane NYE hotel rates on the Strip, we're at a hotel near the Convention Center. It's CLEAN. Maybe due to light use...but I've yet to feel my stomach churn when about to sit down (much more than I can say for the transit options back home).Cons:Price, granted $28 for three days is cheaper than cab fare. It's transit, which should be a little cheaper, period.It's WAY in the back of most casinos. The only hotel that it probably isn't horrible to walk through is the Flamingo as you can cut through the courtyard. So bring your walking shoes, and gas masks, you're about to be wading through slot machines and cigarette smoke.You're hosed once you're past Center Strip for options to get back on since after Harrah's the next two stops are off strip. Then finally it operates back on the Strip all the way up at the Sahara. Which is only fun to go to for the roller coaster and seeing some ahem, very interesting characters shuffle through the casino.Nothing for the West Side of the Strip. It would be so nice if they looped it around the back of MGM to hit up the other side. Hey, a girl can dream.I have a really bad feeling my next trip will involve staying at Harrah's because it's ridiculously easy to get to/from the Monorail through that hotel. (That and it's right  next door to Casino Royale which I have a very sick penchant for wanting to gamble at).All in all, it's good but not great, and I'll probably ride it again.
3	Saved a lot of money and time by being at a hotel off the north monorail, which offered a quick easy way to get in and out.  Smooth and driverless, frequent trains until late hours, clean and not even too rowdy on New Years.  Unfortunately very commercialized with annoying voiceovers that repeat over and over, and you have to walk through the "gift shop (casinos) in order to get out.  Plus the stops are dang hard to find as they are not well marked in the casinos and sometimes the entrance is a few hundred feet away from the platform without an ability to get in without backtracking through the casino on pedestrian-unfriendly driveways.
4	Whenever in Las Vegas and opt out of a rental car I use the monorail as my means of transportation.I enjoy taking the monorail because no matter where I wanna go to on the strip the monorail for the most part will take me there.I usually opt for the 3 day pass (because its more cost efficient) instead of the 24 hour pass. With the 3 day pass I have 72 hours to use the pass as much as I want.  I have been stupid and thought I could just walk everywhere but just do that for 24 hours and see how your feet feel because mine always felt like bloody stumps...not so fun.They have many stops on the monorail to get you as close as possible to wherever you wanna be. If your at  LV Hilton just walk out the Star Trek casino walk up the stairs and your at the monorail...easy. From there you will hit the Convention Center stop and then on to the Sahara and then Harrahs and then Flamingo and finally MGM (last stop).The only thing that bugs me about the monorail is all the navigating you have to do all over the casino's just to find the monorail. You have to bring some patience sometimes especially at MGM. The MGM is huge so whether you walking through the casino to get to the monorail or leaving the monorail into the MGM I suggest bringing a picknik because it seems like forever to get through there. The easiest stops in my opinion are at LV Hilton and Sahara.Oh almost forgot- when riding late at night you'd expect to run into some creepers but in all my experiences they have all been creeper free..good to know!
3	"well sir, there's nothing in life like a genuine, bona-fide, electrified, six-car mono-rail!" - Lyle Lanley, from the Simpsons episode "Marge vs the Monorail"it's fairly easy to get around in Vegas. walking, splitting a cab, or taking the inter-hotel trams/shuttle buses are usually the best way to do so.however, slight predicament for New Year's Eve: the Strip is closed to traffic starting in the afternoon. so to get to Stratosphere, we ended up taking the Monorail from Harrah's to the Sahara terminal.$5 for a ticket to ride? jinkies, Scooby!to be fair, it's faster, cleaner, and easier to use than the hoochies we saw waiting for it at the station.
3	We rode from Harrah's to the MGM Grand on this contraption. It is nothing like DC's Metrorail in that a day pass is $5.00 for unlimited rides. There is only 1 line. And it wasn't crowded. Oh yeah, it worked!Similarities: ticket driven turnstiles; oddly placed seats; automatic star trek doors; strange odors emanating from random places at random times; proportionate number of brilliant out-of-towners who can't seem to get their ticket in the slot on the turnstile; and proportionate number of beggars/vagrants/rats. Its open 19 hours a day. It's not a limo, but it can get you where you're going. I'd ride it again. It's ok.
3	Las Vegas is the kind of place where you can walk anywhere on the strip, but it's still pretty painful to contend with tax cabs that run you over, giant escalator thingies that make you walk around and over intersections, and of course, drunk Europeans in bad suits.The Las Vegas monorail solves this transportation situation.It swiftly glides you several (yes, SEVERAL) blocks North or South above traffic. And since you have to walk through two casinos, under a tunnel, past a gatekeeper who will read you a riddle, and up what I think were close to 12 flights of stairs to GET to the Monorail, it really saves you the effort of walking a few blocks.
4	Not much to say about the Monorail except that its convenient for people like me. I didnt want to walk much outside from Treasure Island to the Mirage so I took the monorail. Surprisingly its a no smoking area which was good because i could breath without coughing. I like that its free to use and its convenient that it stops at places I tend to gamble  and stay at
4	I like the monorail and always use it when in Vegas......but am I the only one?  This trip I was the ONLY person riding in the car at times, even at different times of the day.  It wasn't hardly getting used at all that I could see. ...very few people.   Wonder how much longer till it goes belly up too.
2	Decent public transportation.  Kinda sucks that you have to travel to the far back of hotels just to ride the monorail... AND it costs $5.  With the amount walking it takes to get to the monorail... you could probably be half way to your destination... depending on where you're going.  I'd say its definitely worth it if your traveling from Harrah's to MGM.
4	The LV monorail reminds me of the Detroit People Mover in my hometown in the sense that it seems pretty limited but I usually find it gets me to or pretty close to where I want to go. It's super convenient if you are staying at one of the hotels with it's own stop like The Flamingo or Bally's/Paris. If your not staying somewhere with it's own stop it still helps if you want to go further down the strip.This thing is really clean and never crowded plus if you get a couple day pass it's pretty reasonable price wise. One tip if your planning on going downtown to Fremont St. Take the Monorail all the way to The Sahara (rip) and get on the bus at that corner. That way you don't have to deal with all the other stops on the Strip. Anyway it beats having a car in Vegas in my opinion.
4	The Monorail is the perfect means of transportation for anyone visiting Las Vegas. If you don't want to pay for an expensive taxi or deal with the mob of people on the strip, the monorail is for you. The monorail takes you from the Hilton hotel to the MGM and everywhere in between. We usually board from the Flamingo station, ride the monorail for a bit, and then reach our destination.    $5 per person one way, $12 day pass and $28 for a 3 day pass. Kids 5 and under ride free and they will enjoy the trip. The monorail plus walking is our mode of transportation during our Vegas stay.
4	As a frequent traveler to Vegas I have to say that I love the monorail. It's the greatest thing since sliced bread!Well, I would not go that far, but it does make schlepping back and forth to the convention center a breeze!$5 per person one way, $12 day pass and $28 for a 3 day pass. The 3 days pass is perfect when staying at one of the strip casinos during a business trip and need to go to a trade show. Much cheaper than taking a cab back and forth each way. No dealing with long cab lines, stifling traffic, slow shuttle buses, walking, etc. The monorail runs constantly and never seems too crowded. Quick and efficient. Ticket kiosks at every stop.Plus, it's a great way to travel up and down the strip and casino hop. Have you ever tried to walk to the casinos on the strip in the heat? It's an optical illusion, as these things are gigantic and is quite a walk between many of them. Spend the few bucks and go with the monorail instead of putting it in that slot machine!
4	I love the Las Vegas Monorail, probably a little more than I should. The matter of fact is that this four mile stretch of track is the best thing this city has, and most important. It saddens me that the middle leg was built first, I truely wish they had started phase 1 or 3 first to the airport or to Fremont Street. Everyone is already on The Strip, they want to get to these ends, but oh well, it may never happen at this point because this city has no forward thinkers but anyway. The monorail is the most invaluble asset in this city. It's the only completly dependable bet anywhere near Las Vegas Blvd and we desperately need it. No matter if it's a weekend and Strip traffick is completely jammed or if there is an accident on I-15, the monorail will always without fail get you from Tropicana Ave to Sahara Ave in 15 minutes, no matter what. That's the most important fact people always lookover. You can't put a price on dependability like that when you have somewhere to be and a time to be there at. Hopefully it at least goes to Fremont Street eventually seeing as that is where all the masses of people are always off to, which you would know if you ever ride the Strip & Downtown Express or Deuce to and from Fremont/The Strip. Until then if you ride the monorail to Sahara Station and take the escalator to street level, directly to your left you will see the station platform for the SDX. It's not too bad on a busy weekend if you are trying to get between The Strip and downtown as nothing will get you out of the mess on Las Vegas Blvd faster than the monorail, and from Sahara the Strip & Downtown Express only makes three additional stops before you get to Fremont Street then it continues on to the Outlet Mall and new downtown. I like to this of this as the temporary monorail extension if you will. If you have an event at the Las Vegas Convention Center, then the monorail really is second to none in this case. If you're staying at any property on the east side of The Strip then a tree day pass would do you wonders! To your convention, back to the hotel, out to dinner or a show, back to your hotel. It'll be worth it for you people, I promise. Now if only it took you back to the airport too.....     My point is this city needs this service and I hope it is here and extended for decades to come. I use it to get to work at MGM Grand and I can't believe how many times it has got me to work in time when I would have been late because of an accident of the 15 or a major even getting out blocking you from parking. I'm thankful we have this. Lets hope phase 1 and 3 happen someday so we can all rest a little better.
2	The concept of a monorail running up and down the Vegas strip is great.  The reality not so much.  Let's start with the pricing.  $5 one way - c'mon man!  $12 day pass - a little more palatable.  Now how about the location?  Let's say your at the south end of the strip and want to take the monorail to Caesars Palace.  To get to the station, you walk through what must be the entire floorplan of MGM to get to the station, then you take a quick ride to the closest station to Caesars,  walk through another winding casino walkway to the strip, backtrack, cross the street and your there.  In the time it took to get to the stations and back, you might as well just walked down the street and saved your money.The only way I'd use the monorail is if I were going to the convention center.  It's just not laid out well enough to make it truly useful for strip navigation.
3	Like others have said the idea was there, just not executed too well.  If you start on the MGM side, you will walk about 30 miles through the entirety of the casino to the monorail.  5 bucks per person was not too bad, Really we could have walked to TI, but our feet were killing us, no I wasn't wearing heels, but still walking like a banshee the night before, 13 hours straight.  One thing that kinda bugged me was that they offer 5 bucks freeplay at harrahs, paris and casino royale? but to get it, basically being reimbursed for the monorail, you have to get a players card.  We did this but, since we did it at 11pm the players club place was closed, and the lady that gave us our card had no idea about the promo and how to obtain it.  she said come back in the morning and we could get it, however we were leaving in the morning so we could not come back.  We went round trip so we could have gotten 20 in free play, but didn't  kinda lame.  It's free money.  Oh well.
5	We've lived here for a while and have never road the "rail", so before it's one of those things we loose to the economy, my husband and I decided to take the ride.  For $12, you get an all day pass and can get off and on as many times as you want.  We stated at the Hilton and road to the MGM, end of the line.  We got off and walked around the casino, it's early morning, and very few people are up and about yet, so it's a good time to check our a big cation like this.We hopped back on and made a few more stops along the way back to the Hilton.  It's a good way to go to that concert at the MGM were parking is a nightmare, and the crowds are crazy, this idea is something we might try next month when we attend a concert at the Garden arena.
4	Best way to get around Vegas to the premier stops you want to make. You can get an all day pass for $12 but one way round trip is $7 weird to me but ok. The car comes every 15min. The actual rails we rode on were quite clean and the ride not bad at all. I would prefer to travel this way depending on how many days I stay in Vegas and where it is exactly that I need to see and which hotels I want to visit. To get to the various monorail stations you must venture through the various hotels that it makes the general stop. Some are far but once you get the hang of where you want to be piece of cake!!
3	If you're looking to get around the strip, Taxis aren't a great option because they'll exploit you.  I spent $17 to go from the Sands Convention Center to Cosmopolitan because he was taking all these unnecessary backstreets.  (I was in a hurry at the time).I love the concept of the Las Vegas Monorail and I think it's incredibly convenient and safe.  But I feel like its concept and accessibility is limited by its price.   The cost is $5 one way, $12 for a one day pass, and $28 for a three day pass.   If you want to see the stops that are offered, you could check out the interactive map here: http://www.lvmonorail.com/ride/route_map/index.html This pricepoint may be reasonable if you're travelling alone, but this is not worth it if you're travelling with 2-3 people.  (You'd then want to consider renting a car or using a taxi).  IMO if the price were $2-3 each way, then it would be much more reasonable and accessible to more people.The other problem with its pricepoint is its competition.  There are plenty of free monorails across the street, which are owned/operated by the major hotel chains.   Unfortunately those free monorails only help you go through the north side of the strip, but you should nonetheless utilize them.  The first free monorail system connects Mandalay Bay, Luxor, and Excalibur.  If you cross the street and walk past New York, New York, then you could walk to Monte Carlo.  At Monte Carlo, then you can board the next free Monorail system.  This monorail connects you to the hotels of City Center (Aria, Mandarin Oriental, and Crystals)  and it ends at Bellagio (which is approximately 1.75 miles away from Excalibur).    Here's where you have to measure whether or not you need the monorail.  It's about a mile to walk from Bellagio to Venetian and it's about 1.3 miles to get from Bellagio to Wynn.   This monorail is a solid option if you need to get to the Wynn and Venetian from the other side of the strip.   But it's good to know your options as you're travelling around the strip so that you don't have to spend more money than you need to spend on transportation. Most of what I need is accessible via the free monorail systems.  If I choose to venture to Wynn, Circus Circus, or Venetian, I opt to park in their parking lots.   Make the most informed decision regarding travelling according to your needs.
5	I can't belive all the shit talking, really???CABS ARE A RIP OFFFFFF!!!!!!!If you go to vegas, expect to walk A LOT! Hello, isint that what you came for?  To walk to different casinos and explore what each one has to offer?  I've been to vegas many , many times and always prefer to take the monorail than a taxi.  One time we did take a taxi and boy, was my BF mad about how much it costs.  $5 for one way and $12 for a 1 day pass sounds like a deal to me.  Why would you want it to be free if it  would mean bums (and there are MANY here) can and would be able to sit next to you.....no thanks.So ladies, do yourself a favor and take an extra pair if flip flops in your purse, they don't take much room, and ever since then no more big fights about how much you have to walk with your significant other =)
1	The monorail in las vegas is a complete joke. The time it takes you to walk to the back (and I mean WAY BACK) of these casinos, you could have walked to your destination. The monorail has broken down on more then one occasion. They actually had a train catch fire, with people in it, not to long ago. The security staff, when you actually see them, are a joke. Most of them look like they should be a greeter at walmart. Trust me folks, save your money and take the bus on the strip. Might be a little packed sometimes, but 7 bucks a day ON the strip is way better then 12 backs a day BEHIND the strip.
5	It looks like a space ship, and takes me where I need to go. Can't complain.
4	If you want to get around the strip quickly this is the best route.  Taxis are expensive and take too long.  Walking (as I did this trip, SUX!)  I definitely enjoy the monorail to zip around town.  It is affordable for the all-day and 3-day passes.  However, I do suggest staying at a hotel on the strip or you will end up trying to hunt down parking just to get to the monorail, which happened to us this trip.
4	If you want to plan an adventure of walking around LV BLVD go right ahead...but often times when the buzz is wearing off and your feet start hurting...you do have the option to ride the Monorail...it's simple and affordable compared to the crazy cab drivers.I say hoof it until you can't anymore and then hit up the Monorail...totally worth it!
4	The Monorail rocks if you are working or attending a convention and your hotel is near one of the stations.  Those hotels are MGM, Bally's, Flamingo, Imperial Palace, Harrah's, Old-Hilton, and Sands (which is no longer open)!  If you are staying at another hotel you can walk over but it may be a long walk to get to the station.  Walking through the MGM to get to the monorail station is a long walk and you will get lost at least two times.I typically will buy a $28 three day pass and this will save you money over getting a taxi every single time plus you do not have to wait in that traffic on the street.The monorail also does not have a train driver it is all computerized.  I think there is some guy sitting in a room with a joystick and he thinks he is playing a PlayStation game about transportation.  Just a quick note the monorail does not start running until 7am in the morning, so if you are trying to get to work early you will not be able to get on it before that time.  I found that out a a few years ago, when I got to the station at 6:45am.  But it is really cool because at 7am the chain link fence automatically opens by itself and the gates start working.  It is a site to see.  Really no one works here!!!  Yeah you have to use machines to buy your tickets too!  At least there are no customer service issues here!  How can I get mad at a machine?
4	I found the monorail to be of great use. It's not exactly an image of my "ideal" monorail system [for Vegas], but no major complaints. I wish the taxi cabs would just swallow their prides or whatever because airports and customers, I believe, thrive from having transportation options - plus, it doesn't pollute and get stuck in traffic. This darn thing needs to get to the airport eventually and the taxi cab co.'s should just rearrange their plans and do station feeding or something - be creative.Feedback: some escalators didn't look functional for awhile; access isn't the greatest and I don't like the compartment-style monorail cars. They should be walk-through, like every other major monorail system in the world (think Tokyo, Dubai, Singapore, Chongqing, Kuala Lumpur, Osaka... etc).
3	The monorail can be a convenient choice of transportation when you want to go from one end of the strip to the other. I got the $12 day pass. The monorail stations are located at Sahara, LVH, Las Vegas Convention Center, Harrah's/Imperial Palace, Flamingo/Caesar's Palace, Bally's/Paris, and MGM Grand. I only wished it stopped at every hotel.  It was quite a walk going to the hotels that are in between the stations. It was also quite a walk going through the hotels to get to the stations.
4	The Las Vegas Monorail was a great resource for me while I was in Las Vegas last week.  I was staying at LVH and had no car to get me around the town.  LVH is a super boring hotel with nothing going on, and the monorail just so happened to run right through my hotel and was literally steps away from the elevator to my room.  The Monorail is relatively inexpensive, and was a reliable resource to get me to the places that I wanted to get to in a reasonable amount of time.  I would have spent tons of money and wasted time with cabs if it wasn't for the monorail.  I purchased a three day pass for $28, otherwise it was $5 per ride or $12 for the day.  It was totally worth it for me because of the amount of times that I used it.  It usually comes every 5-7 minutes, and was empty each time.The only complaint I have about the monorail is that it takes you to the back of most hotels that it stops in (fortunately it stopped at a great place at my hotel).  This left me having to walk a long distance to get to the strip, and even further if I was headed to a hotel on the other side of the street.  However, it was much better than walking the entire distance from my hotel.The monorail was a great discovery for me.  If I am ever staying at LVH again without a car, I will for sure utilize the monorail as my primary way of getting to the strip.
2	This is an essentially useless transportation tool. You have to walk further to get to it and from it than you would if you just walked to the place you were trying to go. Not only that, it's $5 one way so for two people, that is the price of a cab for most 2 mile trips. The views are kind of cool and it is clean. I also like the 'idea' of the monorail hence the two stars.
3	I assumed this would be a free service. It aint. It might be worthwhile if it covered more of the strip, but it's pretty limited.
4	The monorail isn't terribly priced, and it beats the heck out of walking. It saved us a good 45 minutes off of walking back to our hotel in the summer heat. Plus, it's air conditioned. The ride is a little bumpy, so if you're like me you might get a little motion sick, but depending on how far you are going it shouldn't be that big of a deal. Overall, I think it's a great resource and I wish it connected every hotel!
3	Fast, efficient, reasonably priced. I wish there were more stops but otherwise this is a great way to get around that's isn't a cab or the Deuce bus.
4	Taxi who? The monorail is awesome...specially when it's located inside the hotel you're staying in! Stayed at the LVH and the monorail was an inexpensive way to get to the strip. Single rides are $5, $12 for all day, or $28 for a 3 day pass...totally worth the price. Comes every 5 minutes and never full :) Cabs can get expensive so if you want to travel throughout the strip, I would suggest the monorail! The only con is that it rides on the east side of the strip and leaves you on the back side of the hotels (unless it stops inside the hotel; ie. LVH, MGM). So, there might be a bit of a walk depending on where you're trying to go. Still not a bad deal though.
4	$5 per ride$12 per day$28 3 day passBeat that cabbie!!! Although the monorail doesn't go EVERYWHERE, it's a valuable resource when you're getting around the strip. It doesn't always drop you off at a favorable location so there may be some hoofing around to do, but I think the exchange (saving moola) is well worth the effort. From now on I think I'll be choosing my hotels based on this sucker.
2	The monorail works if you're staying in a hotel attached to the monorail, or need to go to LVCC.  But  if your feet are hurting and you're only going one or two stops down, and think this is going to be helpful, don't bother.  Because the monorail is placed soooo ridiculously far in the back of the hotels that by the time you walk through the casino, through the gift shops, and possibly from across the street since it only runs on one side of the strip, and then do the same thing over again once you get out of the monorail, you could've walked from your point a to point b and saved the money.  In that instance, just take a cab.
5	This is a great resource. You have to walk through the casinos to get to it, but at least its walking in the AC. Its always on time, cheaper than a cab, faster than walking and you don't have the illegals trying to shove prostitute cards in your face
4	For $12 a person, I guess you can't really beat it. However, my gripe with the monorail is that you have to walk sooo far back into every hotel to get to the monorail, that after it's all said and done, you've walked the same amount if not less than how long you rode on the monorail.Just sayin'!
4	So for $5 you can ride all day from one end of the strip to the nextOnly negative thing is finding the stations.. they are not very well marked and people act like then never heard of it lol  it lead to quite an adventure and some lobster ice creamBe smart and get a map like I did NOT and make the best of it
4	The monorail is an awesome way to get around the strip, especially when you stay at the south end (Excalibur).  It hardly ever had anyone on it (not sure how they stay in business with as dead as the trains were, even on Fri and Sat nights), and the trains came quite frequently.The main gripe is that you have to walk clear to the back end of the hotels/casinos to board it, and the only hotel that really made it obvious that it had a stop was Harrah's.  Luckily, we had a map that showed where all the stops were, so it wasn't too big of a deal.
2	I've been to vegas many many times, but a couple of weekends ago, my frnds & I decided to buy a 3 day pass. My frnds were staying at excalibur & I was staying at ballys so we figured it would save us frm walking in the hotass sun. Ugh, its a ripoff. It stops somewhere btwn the paris & ballys & you have to walk through the ballys shops to get to the casino. We took it frm the ballys station to mgm, in hopes that it would b a short walk over the bridge to excalibur. WRONG!! It stops in the way back of mgm, you have to walk through a very scary station (especially at night, its creepy) & all the shops to the casino (which is huge & u can easily get lost) then if u make a mistake (like we did) & go through the mgm lobby, u have to go outside on the sidewalk, cross over the bridge to tropicana & then the bridge to excalibur. It was a very longass walk. Soo not worth it. Its shorter to walk the strip & at least this way you see the strip & all the tourists, along wth the very interesting entertaining ppl on the strip. I think the only time u should opy for this is is your going frm the MGM to a casino further down the strip. But keep in mind that it stops on the MGM side of the strip, if u want to go to a casino across the street, 4get it!! If u do decide to buy a pass, at lesast get the $4 coupon inside the small VEGAS magazine which u can find at all hotel lobbies. I would not waste my$24 on this again!!
5	I'm sorry, but how you can give anything less than a five on this one is beyond me. Now, to be fair you can't compare this rail to anything in a regular city - if you do then sure it's not quite a 5. But for me, the monorail was a savior on a Sat night when I wanted to get from LVH to the strip.Great things about the monorail:-Day pass is only $12 (c'mon that's not expensive considering you know you'll drop that in a slot machine in no time)-It's a monorail so you'll just go up and down the line (there is north and southbound lanes so not a true monorail), but no need to worry about getting lost.-A good amount of stops should get you pretty to close to most hotels on the strip.-AC, comfy seats, not crowded, safe and clean-runs until 3am on weekends!-no need to drive, take a cab, or bus so you won't sit in traffic.Now that I know about the monorail, it will be my go to transportation when I'm near the convention center, and even when I want to go up and down the strip. Bad things about monorail:-Can be hard to find (go online and get a map of locations to know what hotel and what area the stations are located)-The monorail is at the back of most hotels so you'll be doing some walking to get to the front of the strip, but not too bad.Viva la monorail!
3	If youre staying at a casino withe a monorail stop, it'd be great. If you're staying anyplace else and have to walk, remember you are going to have to walk. An incredible distance. This place is designed to get you into the casino. It does. This monorail was built after the casino, therefore its as far as possible away from where you probably want to go. My recommendation, get a bus pass. There are more bus stops. They drop you off on the strip. They pick you up, on the strip and you're not stuck walking through a casino you've got to intention of playing in. Other then that, the monorail was clean. The stops where  approximately 6 minutes apart and really not all that crowded. The one stop on the very end, gives you a nice view of pool areas. I didnt see anything spectacular, but it was the middle of the day so all the hott ones where probably in the room sobering up for the next night of partying.
2	This poor entity could be soooo much better. It doesn't good to where you want it to go and they didn't build it to the airport. It's kind of a fail. I am sure some people might get some use out of it, but the majority should not waste their money.
5	I've been on several variations of public transportation over the years but I have to say this monorail is bad ass!  It's quick, above ground so there's no traffic delays and very clean!  I was fortunate enough to stay in one of the hotels that has a monorail stop so I utilized this a few times.  There's a friendly voice that informs you of the next stop and some of the other things that can be accessed at that stop but it also gives other information - did you know that there's not a live person operating this large piece of metal?  I had no clue!  The short of this - grab a monorail ticket and take a ride, especially if you've been walking around all day and your feet are killing you... it's not that expensive and worth it!
1	worst way to get around the strip,first the machine was out of order to buy tickets,additional machine on 2 floor,got there a security offer told us to back again.When  we finally got the monorail was not even easy to get out to the strip ,they make you go throw every casinosw
1	Clearly built by North Koreans, this disgrace to American public transportation should be demolished and rebuilt because a) its not safe, b) its one of the most expensive transit systems in the country, and c) it goes nowhere. I boarded the monorail only to watch a stroller wheel caught when the door closed. The monorail immediately started moving and half of us are trying to find the emergency button, while the other half is yanking the stroller wheel out of the door. We got it out just in time but really, seriously? What if that was someone's foot? Oh, and we couldn't find the emergency button either so there's no way to stop the monorail if something goes wrong. Praise the dear leader, he will clearly protect us...The monorail puts BART to shame with its expensive ticket. At $5/ticket, I'm pretty sure this is the most expensive transit system in the country, on a per mile basis. $5....to go the equivalent of one or two city blocks? You must be joking...To rub salt on the wound, this monorail goes nowhere. At first, you'll get excited because you'll see your hotel "near" one of the stops listed on the map. Don't be fooled. Apparently, a one mile walk is "near" one of the stations. Don't even bother with this disgrace of a system. Either walk, or take a taxi. This thing goes nowhere, its not safe, and you'll pay an arm and a leg. Literally and figuratively.
5	Sh... forget the taxis and the traffic! Monorail FTW!We wouldn't have found this if we didn't stay at the LVH (Las Vegas Hotel) on our last minute trip. Totally did NOT have to drive after we got Sin City. You gotta love the feeling of saving gas money and strength...using that strength to par-tay! :)$5 single rides$12 unlimited-ride passHow good is that? Check out their website for more details http://www.lvmonorail.com/Monorails stops at-MGM- Balley's - Flamingo- Harrahs- Imperial Palace - Las Vegas Hotel- Sahara MONDAY - THURSDAY7:00 A.M. TO 2:00 A.M.FRIDAY - SUNDAY7:00 A.M. TO 3:00 A.M.Plus, you can carry your drinks :)AND you can always take the taxi back if it's past the time of the monorail.
5	Yes, I'm reviewing a public transport system, and why not? Near the top of the agenda list when I'm in landing in Vegas for a tradeshow convention is get a three day pass for the monorail. Why? It's much more affordable than taxis!! And I'm a man of frugality, and I enjoy using public transport where it proves to be most efficient in saving me time. Taxi lines in Vegas are long at times, you have to be queued to get in said vehicle, probably wait ten to forty or more minutes. And then getting out of the taxi is a pain in the butt - because the taxi can only drop passengers at the appropriate "safe" location, where there's a huge traffic jam of people. The Las Vegas Monorail, on the other hand, goes along a good portion of The Strip, covers every destination I visit and need to get to when I'm in town. Usually takes about 30 minutes to go from MGM Grand Terminal Station to the Sahara Terminal Station and I usually don't have to wait more than 5-7 minutes each time when I want to use the Monorail. I always get my money's worth with the three day pass - as I usually use the Monorail at least four times a day. The savings from dealing with cab fare and the most valued resource, time, is worth it to use the Monorail.
4	A very good monorail system, and it's even controlled by a computer! This system is useful, especially if you don't want to walk all the way up to the Stratosphere. If you want to ride multiple times in one day, then get the day pass. This is much cheaper than taking a very expensive taxi ride around the strip.You will have to walk through a "maze" in order to get to the monorail stations, especially in MGM Grand, thus why I'm taking away one star.But since each monorail train comes by every couple minutes, I certainly recommend this to anyone who doesn't want to take the expensive taxi or bus rides up and down the strip!
3	Rode it once from LVH to MGM Grand.It was clean, quiet but not worth $5 unless it is in the middle of Summer or you plan on a day pass.But I had to do it once.
3	Eh, I'm undecided on this. I suppose if you are near by a hotel with a stop and you are staying in another hotel with a stop it is a good idea. Otherwise I'm not so sure. Trying to find where the entrance to the station is inside any given hotel wastes a lot of time - not all signs have it mentioned on it unless you are in the general right area. It's also on the back of the hotels so you do a lot of walking to and from it through casinos - that's probably the point. Also the windows are really tinted so its not great for taking video or pics though the glass. The Mandalay Bat tram has even darker windows and moves even slower. At least the monorail is open past 10:30p when the tram closes on weekdays.
4	I recently purchased the three day pass.  You can also purchase a one ride ticket for $5.  The monorail is clean and comfortable and not typically packed, even on a Friday or Saturday night.  Expect to do quite a bit of walking, as it drops you off at the back of the hotels and you have to walk through the casinos/halls/restaurants in order to reach the street and then walk to your destination.  It provides service every 5 or so minutes, both Northbound and Southbound, so there's never much of a wait.  It doesn't travel very fast, as the tracks have many turns.
2	$25 for 3 days not worth it at all! It takes you in the back of the hotels and trying to wind your way through the casinos to get to the strip seems impossible. It would be almost better to walk. TAKE THE BUS!!! much better deal and if you don't want to pass through every casino that would be your best bet. We even started from the very end of MGM- still not worth the price and walking distance. I felt like I could have walked the strip by the time I finally found the monorail.
4	Pretty cool method of transport but it really only makes a few stops and they charge $5 per ride which is a little ridiculous but I guess they have to recoup their money somehow because there weren't too many people riding this monorail.  At most, there were 5 people in all the cars combined.  Very clean, well run, on time, smooth ride, and convenient if you are staying at one of the designated hotel stops...otherwise, you may still have to walk to where you're going or take a transfer tram to say the Luxor or Mandalay Bay.Great and convenient nonetheless...try it out.  Not much in the way of a view of Vegas but it is fast.
4	This is such a great idea on how to avoid the extreme weather in Vegas.  However it's not heavily promoted and I think, that the prices might be too high for families?  It costs $5 per single ride, $12 for a day pass.  I personally don't enjoy walking long distances in the heat, so this was a lot of fun hopping onto the rail.  It's a lot like riding BART in San Francisco.My minus 1 star is due to the extra cost in the connection to the Duece line, in order to get out to Old Town Vegas.  Ouch!  I had wished that it was part of the same system, however it cost us more money.  Boo.This is a super clean and fast way to get around.  Try it once if you can.
4	Quick, clean, easy to use monorail system- our favorite way to get around Vegas. The monorail was very rarely crowded, and there was security at each stop so it felt safe. The multi day passes are definitely the better deal if you know you will use it!
3	Hey, I'm looking to get my review count up...so why not touch on the monorail.Seems like its gotten better with a little bit more frequent service over the years.  9 minute intervals in the morning and as low as 5 minute intervals in the evening.  It's still clean, well maintained, and its the only transit system I've ever seen that did not have beggers after your change, and that's worth something.Great if you are here for an event at the convention center and staying at one of the stops.  Out of the way otherwise.  I probably would never use it on a vacation trip.
2	Probably not the best way to get around the strip. This is clean, green and air-conditioned transport. However, it takes a distance walk to get to the monorail station. You have to wade through the hotel lobbies and that is almost a 15 minute walk. Not a visible thing when you walk in the vegas strip. This is a good transport to go to any of the the casino that this monorail covers, but definitely not a transport that you are looking for to get around the strip, for which "The Deuce" is the best way. These are probably one of the reasons why there are very less people taking this monorail. If they move this monorail to the center of the Las Vegas Boulevard strip running from Mandalay bay to to Sahara, this would be definitely a great hit as it would help fast travel in the strip since it runs on a guideway on top avoiding the heavy traffic in the road underneath, where the current public buses feel the pain, stopping long time in signals.
4	The Monorail in Vegas provided access to a backside of Vegas you do not normally see if you have always been a Strip visitor.  They have access from Sahara to MGM through a backdoor path behind each hotel on the east side.Staying at off strip hotel can now be a consideration as the monorail making it less inconvenience, and you can avoid the road traffics during rush hours.  I always end up riding the monorail if I was in town for the convention near the LVH since they got a monorail station at it.   Too bad they do not have another station closer to the Sands Expo near the Wynn area, I found myself having to travel between the two places quite often as more events occur on the same week recent years.If you ride more than three trips within 24 hours, the day pass already worth the deal, and the multi day pass made things even better.  The trains all seem clean and nifty, no sign of vandalism like most public transportation.  Everything from ticket vendor to entry and exit were automated, they may have one staff at the entry/exit area during peak hours, but that was all the people I have seen.
4	A fun and easy way to go between parts of the Vegas strip.  This price is cheaper than using a taxi if you plan to move between casinos on opposite sides of the strip quickly.  Wish it had a stop at each of the casinos on this side, but for what it does and nominal fee, it works.
4	I have to say it's an easy way to get around the strip.  The only bad part is how deep the terminals are inside hotels.  MGM has to be the worst to get off of the rail and to get to the strip, followed by Ballys...  Also the machines need to be updated for 2 day passes, they have to be bought through a person vs the machine. Other than that, GREAT!
4	My sister, our mom, and I took the monorail from MGM to Cesars, granted the monorail only runs along the backside of the Strip on the side of MGM and other hotels along the way (Bally's, Flamingo, Harrah's, etc). So in order for us to get to Cesars, the closest monorail stop was at the Flamingo. We had to walk through Flamingo and across the street to get to Cesars BUT it beat having to wait in line for a cab and it allowed for a new experience that we wouldn't have had by riding in a cab. Our monorail ride was clean, quiet, and quick. Depending on your usage of the monorail you have a choice of ticket prices. One way is $5 where as a seven day pass is $56. You also have an option to purchase your tickets online or from the ticket dispensers at the actual stops. Fri to Sun hours are from 7am-3am...I have yet to take the monorail after a very late night of drinking, gambling, and clubbing and would probably feel safer doing so with a group of people I know just because the stations are a bit secluded away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. The Las Vegas Monorail is easy to use and a great alternative to taking a taxi.
5	The monorail was my best friend while in Vegas. It was only $12 for a 24 hour pass, and I got one every single day I was there, and it was well worth it. Instead of walking the entire strip you can just get off at whichever stop you want and explore the casinos/area. I only took a cab once on my trip and it was more expensive for one cab ride than it was for the monorail! If you want to see the whole strip and don't want to walk the entire thing, the monorail is the way to go! I loved it. Plus you can bring your drinks on it with you, what could be better?
3	"Welcome to Las Vegas, where the Monorail is king!"Ok, maybe not... but I couldn't help but paraphrase the Simpsons in this review. The monorail in Las Vegas us FAR from 'king', but is can be useful at times. I only use the Las Vegas Monorail when I expect traffic on the Strip to be even more ridiculous than normal.. When the Strip is closed to traffic (such as on New Years Eve or during the Las Vegas Marathon) parking at the LVH and using the Monorail to get to the Strip is great. When you are just trying to go from one end of the Strip to the other, it is a decent option. The actual ride is fairly quick, it's the walking from station to station that will tire you out. Quick facts: $5 per ride, or $12 gets you unlimited rides for a 24 hour period.There is not a set schedule, a monorail usually shows up to each station every 5 minutes.Total ride time from one end to the other is 15 minutes or less.The Monorail could be a lot better with the addition of two stops: The airport and Fremont Street. Currently it is just A-OK.
1	Boring and slow.
4	We hit Vegas twice a year. We do a lot of walking, but we also get an adequate monorail pass for those long trips. Although, by the time you cut through the casino to the train you could have walked. But it's still fast and safe. We've always had a great experience, until recently. That's why it gets 4 stars and not 5. We were at the MGM stop and we accidently purchased a 3 day when we needed a 2 day. I asked the attendant...who barely spoke English if we could trade in our passes and get a refund on the difference or get a refund and purchase the appropriate ticket. She was very rude. She went on a tangent about how she would have to submit for a refund that takes days to approve (yeah right) meanwhile we'd still need to purchase our 2 day pass. We didn't feel it was worth the supposed procedure so we just kept our 3 day pass and went on about our business. I don't care that she didn't trade them or whatever but she was rude. She acted appalled that I even asked. She even called over a co-worker who was equally rude. Get over yourself wench, you work at the monorail stop!!! this was the lady at the MGM stop inside where you purchase tickets from the kiosk. Broken English and rude makes me want to reach out and touch someone.
2	The LVM is laughably inconvenient. I'm sure that logistics and politics played a key role in its development, but trying to "save time" by taking this thing is only realistic if you are going from the MGM to the North end of the Strip. In other cases you will spend 15 minutes walking to the back of whatever casino you are in, and another 15 minutes walking back to the strip. It would be unbelievably convenient if it went to the airport or Fremont Street, but of course it doesn't. There was talk of it being built to reach Fremont, but the Strip hotels didn't want it and I think government funding was pulled. There's now talk of building it out to the Airport, but the taxi companies don't want it and it'll be a surprise if it goes anywhere.
4	Not to much to say about it. Its not really meant to be exciting or anything. It's a cheap and convenient was to get from one end of the strip to the other. It was much cleaner then public transpiration in Los Angeles. It even smelled better then one of the taxies we took this trip. My only problem with the monorail is that it's not open 24 hours.
4	If, like me, you're either A. a lazy bastard, or B. a tired lazy bastard undergoing radiation, there are gonna be times when you're at one end of the strip needing to get back to the other end without hailing a cab or hoofing it. Enter the shiny monorail. It'll take you from one casino to the next, all for the not so great price of $5 a ride, or if you're a smart cookie, you'll pony up the $12 for the 24 hour pass or $28 for the $72 hour pass - undeniably better deals. You'll still have to put in a little footwork (unless you packed your handy dandy Segway) but for getting from one end to the other pretty quickly, with several stops to drop you off at your favorite locale, this was definitely a great choice for me :)Also, the view aint bad!
3	Seems much of this monorail system was built just so the hotels it's attached to could build shopping and dining malls to and from their casinos. The monorail sure beats walking, especially in the hot summer. Sure beats the price of taxis, but they'd be far more convenient, door to door. Overall, for public transit, owned privately, it's a good clean ride, and a good deal. Better than the buses, that's for sure.
5	Love the monorail!! Got a free 4 day pass via myVegas facebook games.  I must say taking the monorail saved us tons of $$$ that would have been spent on cabs.  Always clean fast and very convenient!  Planning my next trip back this summer and will definitely choose the hotel based on the easy access to monorail.
5	I can't say enough good things about this transportation service. Fast easy and stress free way to travel the strip. A great deal for locals with proper id. $1 each way.
4	Fast and relatively cheap way to get around the city. Just be prepared to squish in like sardines if there is a big convention or trade show in town.
5	Love the LV Monorail!  Every trip I buy the 72 hour pass and it's well worth it.  The monorail cars are modern and clean, and the staff that you do come across are very nice and pleasant.  Good pricing as well.
4	This is worth every penny. It is clean, comes frequently (5-7 minutes), passes give you unlimited rides, and it brings you to or close to places. The 72 hour pass is well worth it. I thought things in Vegas were really close because I could see most of the casinos. However, due to the size of the hotels, things seem closer than they actually are. Definitely walkable, but places are farther away than you think.Even though stations take you close to casinos like Luxor, Aria, or whatnot, you'll still have to walk to get to a lot of places. It's not like the monorail takes you right to each and every casino. For example, the MGM Grand stop says that it is the closest stop to Luxor. That's technically true. You'll still have to go through the Grand, New York New York, and grab a different tram at Excaliber. So double check on your map.Still worth it overall. Oh and see if you can get your passes at Tix 4 Tonight. You may be able to get a 3-day pass at a steep discount.
5	Whoever invented this Monorail System is a GENIUS!!!!!!! :DMy friend and I paid for a 24 hour pass and it was only $12 each!!!!! What a deal!! This is way cheaper than a cab, and you don't have to worry about driving around in the horrible Vegas traffic or getting DUIs. The Monorail system is very quick and efficient. It is computer operated so it is available even during late/early hours of the night. On Saturday I remember they said it would be available every 5 minutes... but on Sunday it was available once every 7 minutes. I was there during Memorial's Day Weekend so the timing probably varies depending on how busy it is... but the wait definitely isn't too bad at all. They have 7 stops: MGM Grand, Bally's/Paris, Flamingo/Caesar's Palace, Harrah's/The Quad, LV Convention Center, Las Vegas Hotel and Sahara. From these stops, you can basically walk to any of the other hotel, casino and attractions on the Strip!!! I wish we had something like this back in college!!!
4	The monorail is the way to get around on one side of the Las Vegas Strip.  It is fast and efficient. Twelve dollars gets you a day pass, to the rear end of the casinos on the east side.  It would be better if it took you to around to all the casinos.Crossing the roads in LV is a difficult venture, this is a great way to travel.
4	I stayed at New York - New York and went to a trade show at the convention center.  It was 100 degrees out and the monorail was nicer than walking and cheaper than a taxi.  But if you're staying anywhere near the MGM, NY-NY, Excalibur, etc., you have to wander through the maze that is the MGM Grand to get to the monorail station.  And when you get to the convention center, it's still a hike to the convention center's north halls.  I like the monorail, but I wish they had made it a little more convenient.  And if you're trying to get down to Mandalay Bay or Luxor, you're out of luck because the MGM is as far south as it goes.It went where I needed to go and the A/C was working so I'm a fan.  But they could have done so much better.
3	Meh, I'd rather walk.Sure I have blisters.. sweated off every inch of food I ate.. But I also didn't have a confusing trek to try and find the stops.. to only take me a portion of the way. I will give you the fact that the train is incredibly clean for a city that has a lot of vagrants around it.. and folks that I am sure don't necessarily follow the ticketing rules.But for the cost of what it takes to get a day pass.. spend a little more and get 3 days worth of the Deuce bus service.. it will drop you off at the front doors.
5	When it's over 100 degrees outside, the monorail can't be beat. It runs from MGM to the end of the strip. I found it to be very user friendly and they have posted which stops are for each hotel. A little on the steep side, but cheaper than a taxi. Be aware: the landing area is NOT air conditioned.
1	Terrible service!!!! The monorail broke down, before we purchased our pass and the workers would not provide a refund.  With the monorail out of commission, the kiosk should have warned us and not allowed us to complete our purchase.
5	This was very valuable for traveling the strip while I stayed at Bally's. Get the 3 day pass and you'll save some money. You'll use it for at least two days while seeing all the sights and can take it down to Fremont street and buy a bus pass for the rest of the way (don't walk it unless you want to stop at shops along the way, it's a good 40minutes by foot from the monorail). The monorail is very clean and runs about every 5-9 minutes, depending on which stop you're waiting at.
1	This transportation is grievously overpriced, at $12 a day or $22 for two days.  It doesn't run down the Strip, but on the east side of some hotels which are on the east side of the Strip.  So if you want to go to Caeser's of the Mirage or the Venetian, you have walk a great distance. And since it doesn't stop at every hotel, so if the resort you want to go to isn't "the" place where it stops, you have to walk a fair distance (at least a block). And as you may have heard, Las Vegas is hot.  Plan on sore feet, sweat, and possible heat exhaustion. Also plan on 2 to 3 times as long a walk as they tell you to walk to your destination -- unless you're an extremely brisk walker.My recommendation is that while you are in Vegas, if you're old, out of shape, or two or more folks, drive your car or take a taxi.
3	Yeah ... So look at the best way to build a monorail.  Takes about 15 seconds to figure out it should run from the airport down the center of the strip or in a loop around the strip.This monorail doesn't do that.  It runs down the back of the east side of the strip and it doesn't even make it all the way to the Wynn, which is somewhere you might actually want to go.What is the monorail good for?  Getting from the east strip hotels to the convention center and back.  Getting to the MGM.  I really don't like Harrah's or Bally's or the new westgate/LVH, so those stops don't help.  The system is fully automatic though ... No unnecessary drivers.What's bad about the monorail?1. Nobody is going to walk from the west side or even the middle of the strip to the Far East of the strip just to hop on the monorail.  It's just too far from 75pct of the casinos to be worth getting on.  And of the other 25 pct, I'd say it's still only connected to one good casino ... The MGM.2. The platforms are not air conditioned and you will get sweaty waiting.3. No airport service.  This is so obviously needed that someone must be getting bribed to stop it from happening.4. Doesn't get to the wynn.5. For how useless the service is, the tickets are just too expensive.  A better transit plan would easily justify the ticket price.I love the idea of the monorail, but someone needs to step up and finish the damn thing properly.
2	We were in Las Vegas one week ago, We purchased a one day ticket for $12 each because we were wanting to get from the Wynn area down to the Luxor to pickup tickets for the show that night.  We had to walk from the Wynn down to the nearest station (that we were told was) at the Imperial Place......OMG what a long walk in 113 degree temperature.  Then the walk through the casino to get to the station.  We just missed the monorail so had to wait for the next one.....the platform is hot!  The monorail itself is beautiful, smooth, fast....perfect.  We got off at MGM (the last stop) and walked and walked and walked again.  After picking up our tickets we wanted to go back to the Wynn for the afternoon and decided to take a taxi instead of the monorail.  The taxi driver explained that the original idea was to put the monorail right down the middle of the strip but the taxi and shuttle services complained....therefore it ended up behind the hotels.  Really that is too bad because we will never use it again and it seems like it is a huge waste of money.
1	Don't waste your time or money on the Monorail! It's overpriced and overall a bad value. The hotel I was trying to get to - Wynn - stopped running a shuttle to the convention center station and the automated voice waited until we got there to announce that and say that we now have to backtrack to an earlier station. That wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't for the fact that the stations are NOT air conditioned and trains take way too long to show up. At MGM, you're left standing in the blistering heat while you wait for the southbound train to go down towards the airport just to invert itself and turn around. Most logical train systems just kick it in reverse, go the other way, and use a switch to get to the other track. Anyway, it's not worth $5 per ride to do it. The SDX and DEUCE buses run by the county are way better. $8 for unlimited rides for 24 hours and the SDX runs every 3 minutes or so, and they enclose the driver in a soundproof box so he can focus on driving and swish around traffic, getting you exactly where you need in record time.
4	great, simple transportation --IF-- it goes where you want.  It has a pretty limited path.It runs great, blight, clean stations, comfortable cars, help available, etc
3	Much cheaper than cab fare!Clean, runs every 5 minutes, priced well. The only downside is that it doesn't go down town... Otherwise, a great alternative to cabs or busses.
2	Yes it is  clean, fast, has frequent stops and pick ups. Its also open late, which is helpful... but the locations are so inconvenient and so far from where you're going. It really defeats the purpose. With the amount of walking that you do in order to get to your desired location, you might as well just walk the strip. (I went from MGM to the Linq and my shoes were killing me) I was very upset with the amount of walking you have to do from the station through the Flamingo, and around. On the way back we cheated and tried to find an elevator or an open door from the parking stucture areas. There was no way in hell I was walking all the way around. Dumb design.) For the amount of walking and money you pay, you're better off purchasing a Deuce ticket, which drives you directly on the strip with no bs, even if you have to wait a little longer. And don't even get me started on the design of their platforms and stations. They are irrational at best. They clearly rushed its construction, and thought about their budget more than what really mattered most: their customers.
5	Thank goodness for this thing...Use it every trip and it saves me time and blisters on my piggies!
4	Update--Tickets for locals can now be purchased at all locations.  I am not sure about the Sahara area but with SLS open, there might be one there, too.The MGM Grand sales office is now inside outside of Brad Garrett's Comedy Club by the escalators to go to the monorail.
4	A crucial factor in my decision to live at the MGM Signature is the Las Vegas monorail. I use the monorail daily. It gets me up and down the strip in no time.The monorail is consistently clean, well maintained, and on schedule. The customer service employees and security personnel are friendly, competent, and helpful. Still though, there are some important operational problems that need to be resolved before the monorail can hope to gain mainstream acceptance from locals.Ask any Las Vegas resident that lives on or near the strip why they don't use the monorail. The answer will always be the same: Purchasing tickets is a major hassle. The $1 "locals only" ticket can only be purchased by interacting with a customer service representative, not from one of the automated machines. This isn't ideal. Sometimes the tickets simply can't be purchased because the line is too long. Other times there's no line, but the ticket agent is busy helping tourists with navigational questions. Sometimes the computer isn't working. Other times the computer is working but they're out of tickets. Sometimes there are plenty of tickets but the dispenser is jammed or just doesn't work properly. Furthermore, each purchase requires an ID check and manual data entry, and to make matters worse, only two tickets (i.e. "rides") can be purchased at a time. This is a significant drawback because as a local, it's often necessary to make more than two rides per day.Lately I've found myself reverting back to more traditional modes of transportation (e.g. cabs) in order to avoid the uncertainty, hassle, and purchase restrictions inherent in the monorail's ticketing process. The frustrating thing is, most of these operational problems could be resolved quite easily.The obvious question is: Why are regular riders forced to use paper "tickets" at all? This is 2014. All modern, efficient transportation systems allow users to purchase an electronic card that can be swiped at the entry gates. The charge for each ride is automatically billed to a credit/debit card. Scalping is eliminated by disallowing multiple entries at the same gate from a single account holder within any given twenty minute period. The bottom line here is that by forcing locals to engage in a needless, error-prone interaction with a human customer service agent each and every day, the Monorail is virtually guaranteeing that locals will rarely use the service, and those that do (like me) will use it a lot less frequently than they otherwise would.
5	i find the monorail to be ever so handy and fully perfect for a convention attendee. I am  staying across from the MGM Grand at Hooters and I walk across the street and jump on the monorail and 4 stops later I am at the Convention center. Easy ride, nice walk and at the Convention center end it is so easy. The walk on getting on and off at the MGM is the usual casino maze, that must be solved once, or maybe twice, as the casinos are always a puzzle, but I find that the be the norm. When I compare the lenght of the walks in and out of parking lots, the cost of parking at the convention center, and the walk again to and from the parking lot, I find the train to be such a charming alternative. There are great views, and the pass lets you get on and off as much as you like. I am sold.
1	You would think the monorail would take you through the whole Vegas strip, downtown, and the airport. It doesn't. It takes you to just part of the strip. Even then, you have to walk all the way to the back of the hotel to even get to the monorail. It doesn't make travel more convenient, which I thought was the purpose of it.
1	The monorail is a ripoff for tourist. A single ride is five bucks for tourists but if you can prove that you live in Nevada you ride for a measly one dollar. A 500% premium for being an out of town sucker.
5	A clean and safe ride, also very efficient. one dollar for locals each way makes it easy to avoid the strip. We took the rail from west gate to the linQ in less then 5 minutes and the return time was even quicker.. I will be doing this again..
4	I enjoyed riding the monorail. It is a bit pricey, but I'll pay it when I don't feel like walking, I bought a 3 day pass. The only thing I did not like was some of the stops were far away from the strip and I had to maneuver through various hotels and side streets to get back to the actual strip. I stayed at the SLS hotel and took the monorail to Circus Circus, and once I got there realized it was easier just to walk down the street. Walking down the street was a straight shot. It's a great resource when you aren't staying on the busy section of the strip.
4	I really think this is a highly under used convenience not only by tourists but locals.If you are like me and take a stay cations how convenient is it to stay at your favorite spot and take a quick ride to your favorite restaurant on the other side of the strip!  It is fast and cheap for locals.  For tourists it is still cheaper to buy a three day pass then pay for cabs the whole stay or you can go the metro bus route and add an extra 2 to 3 hours to your travel time! I love this option and wish it would run out to my house so I could come down and have some fun and not need a DD!
4	The last train station is at SLS, the Lux tower wing where we stayed at, it was easy access for us to get on this train. Bought 24 hour passes, got on the train to get to The Linq, it was so fast and convenient, much better and cleaner than taking taxi. There was barely any people on a Sunday. I like to take the train during the day, It was a lot of fun for me, just need to remember to wear flats next time!
1	I know it's been discussed many times in the past 10 years but I still wish the monorail ran all the way to the airport.   I've used the monorail in other cities, e.g. Seattle and could only wish that LV copied their system.   In Seattle, the terminal is located in the airport parking garage.  You pay $2.75 and you ride 20 miles to downtown Seattle.  I wanted to go to the University District (another 10 miles) and it cost $2.25 on an express bus that left from the monorail station.  It was fast, convenient and cheap.  They are now working on extending their monorail all the way to the university which means I won't have to disembark and catch a bus.  It's unfortunate the LV monorail does not run from the airport to UNLV and then to the strip.  It probably would not be having the financial problems it has now.
4	This is a great way to get around Vegas. I do wish it was cheaper. Other than that, it was great
4	Very convenient. You save a lot of money compared to taking cabs if you don't mind a little walk. Most of the time it ran on time and it was comforting to see the transit police around. One suggestion, some of the hotels aren't that close to where they are listed on the stops. I suggest that if its too far to walk to from the stop then don't have the hotel listed under the stop (ex. Mandalay Bay is not close to the MGM stop, you'll need to take a cab). Other than that, good for what you pay!
3	Went to see a fight @ MGM and after a little research decided the best way to leave without footing it or waiting in a long taxi stand line after a large event was taking the monorail.  Boy was that a good decision.  The monorail station @ MGM is just outside the entrance to the Grand Garden Arena and lo and behold, only about a dozen people took the train to leave MGM among the thousands that attended the fight.  We made it over to Paris for a late dinner within 15 mins after exiting the arena.Minus one star for the fact that we bought our tickets online ahead of time to save time (we assumed there would be a long line to buy tickets after the fight) but still had to wait in line to present our print-out to the young lady at the front counter to get our actual tickets to board the train which meant we pretty much bought our tickets ahead of time for nothing.Minus one star for having zero climate control on the platform while waiting for the train to arrive.  We were freezing our butts off in 40 something degrees!  Mind you, we only had to wait a few minutes but still, I could only imagine what its like up there in 100+ degree weather in the summer!
5	Super Clean.Runs every 7 mins Goes down the entire strip-Stops at every major hotel entrance.Reasonably Priced.Friendly Security /K9 Security also.No need for a taxi everrrr!
4	I was impressed with the Monorail! I just wish it went more places (perhaps a complete circle around the strip or connecting to downtown LV). It runs every 7 minutes and there was plenty of room each time we used it. The price was right (I think it was under $5) definitely cheaper than a taxi. The Monorail was clean and easily got us to our destinations. My only complaint is the entrance to the monorail is out of the way.
5	Since the Las Vegas Monorail had a stop for the SLS, I thought it would be a great opportunity to check out the monorail. I really enjoyed my first time on the monorail. I suggest that you get your ticket in advance. I suggest getting the unlimited ride pass for the amount of days you'll be in Vegas. I found a link online that sells DISCOUNTED tickets at least for the unlimited ride passes:https://tickets.lvmonorail.com/destinationcoupons2012/After you purchase your ticket, you simply scan the emailed barcode at one of the E-Ticket kiosks and obtain your ticket. The trains typically run at 7 minute intervals which is pretty good and opens really late during the weekends for your weekend debauchery. Also, there are ATM's at some of the stations that is on the Allpoint Network so I don't get charged ridiculous fees for withdrawing my money. (This is if your bank is free on the Allpoint Network) I found the experience to be great. The only bad part is walking to the station, but in Vegas, you pretty much have to walk far distances to get to across an entire casino property anyhow. The monorail is very cost efficient and definitely competition for taxi cab drivers.
5	I love the monorail- so much that I only stay at hotels with a monorail stop.  It's super convenient, cheap (a 24 hours pass costs way less than one cab ride!), and its so easy to use!  I have been all times of day and night and its never super crowded.   It's clean, well lit, and seems very safe.  I even feel comfortable using it alone.
2	Not really useful to locals. If you're headed to the convention center or to SLS it may work for you. Not a world class transportation system. In the meantime, a waste of my tax dollars, unless they finally decide to get the damn thing to the airport like every major city that has decent rail system.
5	We loved this to take us up and down the strip. Fun views, neat ride. Our three year old was entranced.
5	Why have I never ridden this before? Cabs in Vegas suck, you can't hail them unless you are at stand, no uber, the cars are always beaten up, the rides are long and slow. Take the monorail, get a multi day pass and get there faster, cheaper and enjoy the view. Although the route is limited it works real well if you are in town for a convention.
