4	Very tasty pizza, especially good marinara sauce. I had the portabello/Gorgonzola pie and it was excellent. My son had a cheese calzone and garlic knots-excellent. Another table had these huge salads and buffalo chicken pizza which looked great. They have lots of outdoor tables and a large indoor space.
5	Wow.  After having dismal Pizza Hut delivered pizza the week before, going to Hawthorne's NY Pizza & Bar was like visiting New York City instead of Turkey Scratch, Arkansas, on your vacation.  The Hawthorne pizzas were huge and SO full of flavor.  No blandness here.  And the toppings were piled on.  There were about 15-20 different types of pizza, too, depending on your tastes from simple to complex.  Then in addition to that, there was about two other pages of the menu that includes apps, sandwiches, salads, and other entrees.  Wow.  Such diversity.  Top that with drink specials, and you've got a great, fun, casual restaurant!
5	OK, we have huge portions and a great atmosphere to just hang out with friends and family, which are key ingredients for a great night out.  I really enjoy their Sicilian pizza and the Aloha pizza, both are adventures in flavor.  They have something for just about any taste and preference, and it's great for the whole family.
3	I've been here for lunch on a weekend & while it's above average in the food department, it's still nothing I'd specifically travel to to eat if I weren't close by. I  haven't had the pizza so go ahead & blast me for not trying their signature food. I've heard it's pretty good but I obviously can't speak to it. As for the atmosphere of the place, they have a good sports bar type feel. There are plenty of TVs & a good sized bar area. Also, there's a large patio area with plenty of seating on a nice spring day to grab some food or drink.
4	My recommendation for anyone eating at Hawthorne's is to order a large pizza and split it with office buddies. Their large cheese pizza is some of the closest you'll get to authentic big, floppy New York style stuff in Charlotte.I'm not crazy about the rest of their menu, and the service I've gotten the few times I've been in has been spotty at best; however, the deliciousness of the large, plain cheese pizzas make up for all of it.
3	By Charlotte standards, Hawthorne's has good New York style pizza. I'm a fan of most of their pizza toppings and flavors, but I especially like the Elizabeth Special, which includes pepperoni, Italian sausage, mushrooms, bell peppers, onions and cheese. Hawthorne's is a good place to meet friends for some pizza and a beer. I also really like the outdoor patio, especially on a nice summer day.
3	It is what it is.  Food is okay.  It is close to NY Style, but is not dead on.  No where is.  The crowd is the ambience in here.Service is subpar in my opinion.  You get the sense that you have to be a regular regular to get proper service.I will still visit it, hoping to one day be in the "in-crowd"
4	Excellent Pizza. I just recently tried it and brough home 2 types of pizza.The decor at this place is very cool and would be a fun place to take a group of friends.The bartender had an attitude, but since it was my first time I'm letting it slide; oh yeah- THEY HAVE FIREFLY- :)
2	This place really frustrates me. The food is pretty good and they have a full bar, but the service is erratic, and the noise level is just plain unacceptable. Why are there always screaming children running wild in this place? I guess parents think a restaurant that serves pizza is automatically geared for kids. Can't blame the place for that, but all the hard surfaces only amplify the din...and then there are all those TVs, at least 3, which is a lot for a pretty small place. Even my friend who is an elementary school teacher couldn't handle the noise!
3	We grabbed dinner here not too long ago, and while I went in not expecting very much, I left pleasantly surprised. It's not fancy restaurant or anything by any means, but it's not trying to be, and what they offer up is actually really good and really inexpensive. Now I'm a New Yorker, so I'm not really sure what about this place qualifies as "NY Pizza," but it's pretty good stuff for the most part. I grabbed a personal pizza as entree, which was just the right size--you can finish it and not feel completely ill for the rest of the night. Mine has roasted sun dried tomatoes and garlic on it. Very enjoyable. I also had a salad, which was much bigger than expected and also super tasty and fresh. They have lots of beers and even some wine, so you can really get a full meal here if you want. This place was pretty bumpin' for a random wednesday night, so apparently the secret is out: great place for a casual meal or beer. They have outdoor seating too, which is super nice.
3	The selling point of Hawthorne's is easily the patio.  It's a nice seating area outside that has to be equal to, or perhaps even larger than, the interior space.  The downfall is that the parking is almost non-existent, so it's really only useful if you're in walking distance or have time to figure out where to park.Once you do get a place to park (and eventually sit), service isn't bad at all - or wasn't when we were there, even though they were fairly well packed in at the time.  It was interesting that when we arrived the tables were just about full, but by the time we left they were almost empty, which seems to indicate that it may be a short-lived rush.As to the food: It's acceptable, but nothing fancy.  There is plenty that is both better and worse.  We tried the individual pizzas, and were able to watch them prepare it at the open-air kitchen area (perhaps not ours specifically, but something).  The wait wasn't bad, even though they were full when we arrived.
4	Hawthorne's is great! I would definitely recommend dining in instead of takeout because their food is really only good when you eat in. I have tried a lot of their specialty pizzas and basically everyone of them is good, I really like the pesto pizza. They also have great salads, appetizers, and sandwiches. The atmosphere is cool and the service is also great. It's also a really good place for groups of people!
3	In my opinion, the pizza at Hawthorne's isn't anything special. I usually order green pepper and mushroom, and it's just...ok. The green peppers are chopped up pretty small and usually in a single pile in the middle, so if I want toppings in each bite I have to manually spread them out. However - the garlic knots here are TO DIE FOR. They are huge, and come out piping hot, drenched in olive oil and garlic, and baked just right - a tiny bit crisp in the outer crust and very soft inside.
4	This is an average New York pizza shop located in Charlotte.  I say that because, as a function of scarcity, it gets 4-stars... there simply aren't any other pizza shops that compete in Charlotte.That being said, it'll be standard fare in New York.Pizza:  Since moving here three years ago, Hawthornes is the only pizza in Charlotte that does pizza the way I'm used to it. No, that's not the RIGHT way necessarily, just that it's the closest I've had to NY pizza since moving.Food:  The other dishes are 3/5 for the most part, but the pizza is comfort enough for me.  It's definite Italian American (ie. calzones, chicken parm, etc.) and it does that reasonably well.Staff: Most are kind and helpful, one or two will leave you wishing for a bit more.Drinks:  All tap beers are 2.75 T-S and 1.50 on Mondays.Great spot for Pizza and Beer.They have to go service but do not deliver.
4	Hawthorne's has the best pizza in Charlotte. The quality of ingredients is great and you don't feel sick after stuffing your face with this pizza. I have tried just about every pizza place there is to try in Charlotte and this is the ONLY place worth eating!The only reason I did not give this place 5 stars is that I only recommend it for take out. The pizza tastes better in take out than when you eat in. The atmosphere and the service inside the restaurant leaves something to be desired.
5	Just moved to Highland Creek and was VERY happy to find Hawthorne's is our local pizza joint. Pizza is delicious, reminds me of typical NY pizza. Vibe is pretty straightforward sports bar, but very family friendly and overall laid back. $1.50 drafts on Mondays and $2 and change other nights, can't beat it. The Hawthorne salad is delicious and I've had the sausage and pepperoni calzone that was also amazing. Haven't gotten any farther on the menu yet. For what it is, a neighborhood-family-pizza place where the moms and dads can also have a drink, it gets 5 stars.
4	Finally, good pizza in Charlotte. This is a comfortable place to grab a pizza, some beers and good service. The pizza was tasty, flavorful toppings, crust that wasn't cardboard or too doughy, and awesome marinara. It beats the chains hands down as well as the local/one-off competition.
5	We returned to Hawthorne's on a Sunday night and sat at a hightop near the bar area.  Instead of their delicious pizza, we decided to try their pastas for a change.   I went with the Gorgonzola Pasta with Sausage.  All I can say is:  WOW.  The pasta was so rich, creamy, and gorgonzola-y, it was simply amazing.  I literally could not get enough of it and could not stop eating it, despite feeling full after about 2/3 of it.  I had to finish it, savoring every bite.  The salty sausage was a great balance to the rich, cheesy taste of the sauce.  (My mouth is watering now just writing about it.)  So, the next time we go to Hawthorne's, I'm going to have the dilemma of choosing between this fantastic pasta dish again or go with one of their top-notch NY Style pizzas. Note:  we were surprised at how many kids were in the restaurant for a Sunday night and asked our server if it was because of a "kids eat free" thing.  He said no, that it's always like that on the weekends.  Interesting.
5	Pizza is great. Service is always really good. It's incredible family friendly (kids can walk up to watch pizzas being made and get a ball of pizza dough to play with). Veggie pizza actually has real vegetables on it and there are always good beer specials. Garlic knots are fantastic too.
3	Hawthorne's is like the superhero of pizza shops.  Mild mannered and family friendly during the day and primed to party at night.If you want to know what their pizza is like, look at the name of the joint.  It is NY style pizza.  This is the stuff that you see diet conscious people either picking up their slice and letting the grease drip off of or are dabbing it with a paper napkin.  I say let it stay.They also have a solid italian menu beyond just pizza with great pasta dishes.  You can't go wrong with baked ziti.Their pizza by the slice is part of their very reasonable lunch menu, but it also makes a return on the late night menu.  And trust me, sometimes you just need a slice after 11pm.  One such reason would be their Monday night special...  $1.50 drafts.  Now, usually when someone runs such a special, you look at the taps and read the names of watered down domestics.  Not here.  This is your New Castle, your Guinness, your Blue Moon, et cetera.  All of which taste good in the evening air out on the patio.The service is great and if Johnny V. is behind the bar, its a guaranteed good time.
4	I AM A HUGE FAN OF THIS PLACE,,,,,, I found this place about 4 years ago while driving around after class and boy o' boy am i glad i did. Please don't let the name fool you they do have more than pizza and bar food, I got there often and i love the garlic knots with the chopped garlic pieces, I like to dip that in any pasta i get. Yummm........ Some times on Friday they have specials with are very budge friendly and so are the drinks. Its a cool place to go when you're out with the girls or they guys.... so check them out
3	We beat the lunch crowd and were seated inside. The fans froze us and we opted to move outside. Excellent decision, the patio was perfect before the hot hot heat (not the band) arrived . Our server was excellent and was extremely patient as we went back and forth over what pizzas we wanted to try. Not to mention he was on top of our drink refills every time. i glanced through some Yelp reviews before heading here and happened to remember someone saying the Garlic Knots were "TO DIE FOR". i don't know if i'd die for a garlic knot, however these garlic knots were delish. Meat lovers pizza was the specialty slice of the day and was pretty good. Spinach pizza was so-so, kind of plain (as i expected as the ingredients were spinach and cheese, but told the wife to try it since i was getting my own slices). We wouldn't get the spinach pizza It didn't wow me enough to add to the list of repeat restaurants, but not a bad place.
4	I'm still on my plight for the best pizza in Charlotte, and while I'm not ready to officially crown Hawthorne's as my pizza king, they still dole out some pretty sweet slices. Hawthorne's is a fairly straight forward pizza join - there are two areas, one large dining room and one more "bar-ish" area with plenty of high top tables. Hubs and I usually grab a seat in the latter as there can be lots 'o kiddos running around in the main dining area (depending on the day, of course). The service is quick and friendly and they have a decent beer list to accompany their 'za.If I'm super hungry I'll usually start off with the Garlic Cheese Bread - exactly what you would think: a hefty portion of toasted French bread, smothered in a multitude of cheeses and garlic and served with a very tasty marinara. Truth - sometimes I just prefer to make this my meal with a small side salad. But...if I'm ordering pizza, I'm a fan of their veggie as well as their white pizza. I do, however, feel the need to blot that sucker every time it comes out. But hey - that seems normal, right?Thanks to Hawthorne's I can grab a tasty slice at lunch or hang out for a while and take down a multitude of cheesy goodness.
3	Finding good pizza in the south is a tough task. Though i dont think this is it. I do think that they make a pretty good pizza. Their sauce is something to be desired. But overall a decent pizza. They also have some standard amricanized italian dishes that are tastey and hit the spot but again nothing special. Depending on the time and day families are rampant, and can be tough to be seated on weekends. Prices are right above that borderline cheap but good range.
4	Maybe it's because I'm a "Northerner" now (wait, but does living in DC actually count?), but I found this place to be delightful and cheap.  Came here in a party of five and we ordered two large pizzas to share - the white pizza and a supreme.  Beers on draft were $3.  $3!  Is it always like that in Charlotte?  And if it is, does anyone need a strategy consultant?  The pizzas were delightful - great thin crust, and it was just really good.  I don't really know how else to describe it except to say that like pornography, you know it (good pizza) when you see (eat) it, and see (eat) it I did.  Jacobellis v. Ohio anyone?  Anyone?
3	Super middle-of-the-road pie. When the only other pizza around was Fuel they had more of a leg to stand on, but combine the slightly-higher prices, meh pizza, and no delivery and I find myself asking no one in particular why I got in the car to come pick up my 20 dollar pizza. Plus the parking here is superannoying.Lunch is a steal, but unless you're grabbing a slice of the special (which I've never seen a veg-friendly option for) you're getting cold toppings tossed on top of a dried out slice and no cheese to help them blend. So even at 7.50 for slice, beverage, and salad, I just can't get stoked. Patio looks comfy, tho, so maybe I'm missing the beer+pizza+pal charm. In which case, this review is TBC!
3	Was here Sunday for hangover pizza with the boyfriend.  It was full for a rare rainy day in Charlotte - keep in mind this is very FAMILY oriented during the day.  So we were surrounded by kids which are cute when they are not yelling and chasing each other around the restaurant.  There is a little platform for the kiddies to walk up and watch the pizza makers - which is adorable for about five seconds.  If you cant stand the idea of lots of kids just eat in the bar...really it isnt bad!We got the side salad for $3.95 which is more than enough to split between two people (the balsamic vinaigrette is just fine here).  And we got the 18 inch Crew pizza which is very good - crust is crispy, the pizza is thin and comes with slices of meatballs, italian sausage and banana peppers.  Everything was very good!  I think our total bill was $24 before tip (no drinks) so that is reasonable enough for me!  Service has always been spotty here unless you are sitting at the bar.  I would definitely recommend getting some sort of app if you are ordering a whole pizza cause a whole pizza definitely takes time to make and cook so you may starve waiting unless you have something to nibble on!   I am from NY so I am a harsh judge.  I have had a lot of 'good' NY style pizza in Charlotte....Hawthorne is definitely A-OK.PS - The best thing about Hawthorne's is the take-out wing they put in where my cute dry-cleaning lady used to be.  I have been picking up pizzas here before and either someone was a no-show or some order got scewed up and they have asked me if i wanted the rejected pie for free - why yes of course who can resist extra pizza???  Very good karma-creator!
4	This place is a very solid go-to for NY style pizza. Have never had a "bad" experience here.  Sometimes the little rug-rats running around can be a bit much, wish they had a room around the bar where there are no children around, but its not that bad depending on the time.Service is usually great, they have some good beer specials on certain weeknights (sorry forgot which) and all around good food. The only thing I had here I didn't like was the calamari, sauce was "eh", calamari was too chewy. Something went wrong there. Love to sit out on the patio, enjoying friends, some drinks, and a good pie. Check it out!
3	What I like about Hawthorne's is its consistancy- I know when I go here what I'm getting is the pizza the best I've ever had NO but its still good - the wings are pretty good as well.  They have a lot to offer on the menu and good beers on draft.  The patio is awesome and as long as they don't put you next to a bunch of unsupervised children you'll have a good time.
4	Hawthorne's a great little pizza place in Elizabeth.  It's a good place to stop for lunch since you can get options by the slice.  There's a pretty affordable slice/salad/drink combo.  They have standard pizza topping options and a few adventurous choices as well.  I really liked the Luau  - which included pulled pork and pineapple!  Additionally they have a homemade ranch dressing that is pretty tasty.  There is a nice outdoor patio along with an indoor seating area and a bar area.  I'll definitely be back to enjoy Hawthorne's!
3	Not my favorite pizza in Charlotte, but it holds it's own.  Crust is not a thick dough-fest and they have a mix of different kinds of specialty pies (buffalo wing pizza is memorable, in a good way) and salads that are tasty and freshly made.  The real star, for when I need a total carb overload, is the garlic knots appetizer- the perfect mix of crusty and soft bread slathered in copious quantities of minced garlic and a butter sauce.  A once in a blue moon treat 'cause my arteries clog up at the very thought of ordering even a small portion of these.Downgrade here is that, despite a pretty large bar with the omni-present big screens, families still schlock their ill-mannered kids in here by the minivan load.  The wife and I literally left here before dinner came one Friday night because a table in the bar area was stocked with "little darlings" who couldn't stop the pee-wee dough-tossing contest that became distracting and downright annoying.  To his credit, the manager on duty did come out to the parking lot to inquire, but all he offered was to buy us a beer "next time."  I'm all for kids being allowed out, but all I ask is that they be somewhat well-mannered and that you don't sit them in the bar area.  Giving them free pizza dough to toss around was only inviting trouble.  Restaurant owners- stick to the box of crayons and the colorable place mat, please.Prices are a little high in comparison, but not obnoxiously so.  Big draw for warmer months is the outdoor patio.  It can get crowded on weekends, and a wait is sometimes part of the deal.  The cold beer selection only makes the experience better.  Also check out the drink specials, they're not bad if you luck up and find something that fits you palette.
4	Really enjoyed the experience at the "Original" Hawthornes. We had the garlic knots (smothered in garlic and hot and fresh from the oven), and the Elizabeth Special (pepperoni, italian sausage, mushrooms, onion and peppers). Great beer specials and atmosphere. The food was fantastic!
3	This was one of my favorite pizza places in Charlotte until I discovered Tony's in Ballantyne and Libretto's, but I still love the location and it is perfect for meeting friends for a beer or glass of wine and sharing a pie.  The garlic knots are still pretty tasty and frickin HUGE! The staff is super friendly and very accomadating.  Even though their pizza is not #1 in my heart their pasta dishes are absolutely delicious.  I love love loved teh sauce for the gueyere penne and I substituted the suggested chicken or sausage with shrimp yummmmm.  The lasagna made me never want to make my own at home again!  I think the pizza has plenty of cheese and good taste they just need a crisper crust.  I have not visited any other locations and I do not feel the desire to.  The location in Elizabeth is pretty great all around.
1	It really pains me to have to write this re-review. But I feel if I don't I would be doing a disservice to all Charlotte Yelpers who may find themselves in the same horrible, horrible, dining experience I had this afternoon.I used to LOVE this place. I used to suggest it to all my friends, raving about the great NY style pizza, great atmosphere, and great service. Today I feel like I ate at a completely different restaurant. Hostess was very sweet, cleaning off a table for us outside. We were sat, and then we sat. and sat. and sat. No one came over to even acknowledge us. After finally tracking down our waitress, we placed our drink orders and and ordered Mozz sticks app. About 10 min went by. Then 15, and I started wondering if they were brewing my beer behind the bar. As i sat there waiting for our drinks for about 20 min, I started noticing a few weird things about our waitress "New Lisa" as it said on our receipt. She was honestly acting like she had taken something the night before, or that morning who knows, and it was still in her system for sure. Seemed like she was just wandering around lost, every table she had was constantly asking for refills, their check, etc.... There was something way more wrong there than her just being "new". When our food finally made it, she couldn't even remember who had ordered what out of all 2 OF US AT THE TABLE. And to top it all off the food was disgusting. Mozz sticks were obviously frozen,sauce had no flavor. I got chick parm stromboli, it came out soggy, somewhat cold, and just gross. My wife got the meat ravioli, she said they were ok, probably frozen as well,but the sauce they were buried in was pretty unbearable. I remember fresh ingredients from this place, no more.....I don't know if something major has gone on here in the past 6 months or so, but I will never be back after this experience. When you have 2 full plates of food left sitting on the table, I literally took 2 bites, and no one says anything it speaks miles about the apathy of this restaurant., staff, & ownership.Knowing its the same ownership group of  some other local favorites of mine, I will not be supporting any of their food until the issues are addressed and big changes are made. I will make sure everyone I know who has eaten at this restaurant is well aware of the type of service and food this establishment offers.Excuse me while I morn the loss of one of my favorites.
5	Visited Hawthornes on 7th Street last night (June 5th).  I was not expecting it to be so busy on a sunday night, the place was hopping!  Dispite the crowd, we were seated quickly and received impecable service.  Our waitor was Steven, ask for him to be your server....he was polite, well spoken, friendly, attentive and very knowlegable about the menu.  We ordered the Chicken Picata and a small pizza.  We were not disappointed, the food was soooooo good. Everything came out of the kitchen hot, fresh and quick.  We had a great time.  The resteraunt is very well run and organized, and the service was amazing!   I will be sure to visit again very soon.
1	I just recently moved within walking distance to hawthornes and really wanted to like it. I was hoping that I could have a neighbor hood pizza joint to enjoy. Unfortunately I have tried it twice and both times it has fallen short. First time I ordered a pizza and buffalo chicken Stromboli. The pizza was decent although a little soggy and I asked for crispy. The buffalo chicken Stromboli on the other hand was just bread. It had very little flavor and even less chicken. I have been working in restaurants for tears now and never like to complain but I actually felt the need to call them about the Stromboli. I was told the manager would call me the next day and when the day came and went I called her. I believe her name is Michelle. I was told she would leave a gift certificate so we could try it again. So tonight we tried and ordered a Cajun chicken Philly. When we went to pick it up they had no idea we were suppose to have a credit which was frustrating but we left with the Philly. And again I am not impressed with the food, and this time the customer service as well. We had high hopes but keep getting let down. Oh well just one place to cross off the list.
3	Had pizza here for the first time Saturday night.  The place itself is nice, good atmosphere, good service.  The pizza I would say was unexceptional.  Crust is thin but sorta rubbery rather than crispy.  Sauce and cheese do the job but seem a little greasy and salty.  The one awesome thing was the fried eggplant topping -- very tasty.  Would I eat here again?  Probably under some circumstances.  But I wasn't excited.
4	had the greek salad w shrimp and veg pizza...found them both tasty and savory although my salad could have used more tomatoes
5	This is my favorite Pizza in town! The Crew is the pizza that I almost always get. Fantastic! Great location in the Elizabeth Neighborhood area. Nice outdoor seating and the part of the front-end of the restaurant opens up when the weather is nice. My kids love the pizza there as well. They can even go up and watch the pizza being made. The pizza guy always gives them a ball of dough to play with too! That is their favorite thing and it keeps them occupied too. Great bar area to hang out with friends. Really good place to meet with a group of people. Service is usually good and friendly with attentiveness issues every now and then when it's busy. Very small front parking lot, so parking can be a pain at times.Gotta try The Crew!
4	Hawthorne's NY Pizza & Bar is a cozy spot in the Elizabeth neighborhood area of Charlotte, about a 5 minute drive from uptown (and work). Keep in mind the name of the restaurant: 'Hawthorne's NY Pizza & Bar.' As far as both of these functions, this establishment has never let me down. The pizza is fresh, delicious, and the right consistency (thin but not papery). Also, I like how the sauce is still saucy and not stuck to the dough. I normally get the veggie but sometimes get the pepperoni mushroom as well!Also, as a bar, the place has pretty decent prices for drafts all week long. I will re-update with official prices when I get a chance, but the selling point is definitely the pizza. With that said, DO NOT venture and try their other italian offerings (ravioli, subs, etc), as they pale in comparison. In response to some of the negative reviews on this site, I just want to remind you to stay the course (NY Pizza & Bar) and you too will love this place!
3	Not overly impressed but then again I think it will grow on me.  When I visited with my girlfriend the whole place was filled with kids and that doesn't and shouldn't really reflect on the restaurant but I think this place is very kid friendly (which is good) but sometimes it can be a bear for others.  I'm going to give this place more time to really put an impression in on me and see how it goes.  I like the feel of the place and the service was excellent though.
4	would give 4.5 stars if possibleSide saladGrilled chicken sandwich w/ house balsamic Elizabeth pizza We have been a few times and the pizza is always good, this time we also tried a sandwich and side salad, both exceeded expectations.  The house balsamic is fantastic which made both the salad and sandwich terrific, pizza was very good as always.  Attentive service, awesome lunch, looking forward to coming back.
4	The Greek pizza is to die for! SO, good. Parking is a bit of an issue,but it is worth it.
3	Pizza was good - pepperoni and mushrooms.  They were out of the NoDa beer I wanted.  The service was better than average.  I will go back.  Great place for kids too. The side salad was good also.
2	Having lived in NYC for 6 years, I am skeptical of any place claiming to have a "NY Pizza". I don't normally write scathing reviews, and I'll keep this short. The bartender was rude and dismissive, the bourbon was overpriced, the pizza tasted o.k., but made me sick the next day.
4	Here on 4/30/12Really good barbeque chicken pizza and Caribbean wings. Also used the Boy Scout Camp Card and got 10%off ! Good, friendly service .
3	This place is really a solid 3.5 stars.  Decent italian food and the pizza isn't bad either.  It is more of a tuscan style pizza which is great and the food is good.  Nothing exceptional, just solid all around food.  ALso, the amount you get for your money isn't too bad.  I always left here needing a wheelbarrow to leave, but thats because I over order. All in all, just a solid place to grab some italian food if you don't feel like going somewhere "classy" so to speak.
4	Painter Smurf and I decided to check out Hawthorne's for lunch today.... And for you New Yorkers... Welcome home, big floppy style pizza, with a crispy crust and fresh toppings. They also offer a great wine list, cocktail selection, and bar setting if that's your thing.I had the cheeseburger pizza, and the tomatoes were to fresh, sweet and juicy, that I had to catch the juice with my napkin whenever I took a bite.The staff greeted me quickly, and I didn't have to wait long for a waiter even though it was lunch time.For a quick lunch I'd recommend Hawthorne's any day of the week. :-)
5	Ya know how you work at some restaurants and then absolutely refuse to go back because you just don't want the food anymore? It's disgusting, you ate too much of it, whatever... THIS IS NOT THE CASE WITH HAWTHORNES! I worked here YEARS ago as a student at CPCC and I still look forward to my 8" cheese pie with loads of parmesan cheese! The garlic knots are to die for and I just can't say enough great things about Hawthorne's. Love the atmosphere, love the drink specials and the pizza is always perfect. Plus a lot of the people that worked there years ago are still there and they're all great company. I always love going back!
4	Hawthorne's is by far one of the easiest calls for an afternoon group dining adventure. I have plenty of close friends with one thing in common: they all have droves of children. Kids can kick, scream, stomp, and cry their way to the dinner table, but the tears dry up when pizza is thrown into the mix. What kid doesn't want pizza? This place is magnificent for kids. Plenty of games for them to "think" they are playing without actually shelling out any quarters for. The make-line window for the kids to watch is brilliant. A small platform with steps up to the glass lets kids watch to their heart's content. As for the adults, plenty of draft, and local, brews and delicious pizza. The Sicilian is one of my favorites. Deep(er) dish pizza with a mix of meats and veggies. Throw on some of their buffalo sauce and you've got a flavorful party where all of your taste buds are invited. Service is always snappy, patio is always hoppin' and the food is dependable. Thanks, Hawthorne's. You guys know what you're doing. Cheers!
4	This review today is brought to you by Hawthorne's garlic knots.  Buttery, garlicy, fantastically delicious garlic knots.  And hey, their pizza's not bad either!  After two visits, I can safely add this to my list of go-to pizza places.I have lived close to Hawthorne's and driven by it many, many times, and for the life of me, I don't know why I have never stopped in.  I suppose it was fear of being disappointed by sub-par pizza, but my fear was definitely unfounded.  A friend suggested we meet here for lunch one day, and so I showed up.  She had never eaten here, but she told me she'd had their garlic knots before.  She decided to order some, and I got to have one.  They looked and smelled fantastic, completely dowsed in butter and oil, an explosion of garlic everywhere, and some herbs thrown in for good measure.  I can safely say these are the most magical (and probably unhealthy) garlic knots I have eaten.  And normally, I don't care for the marinara sauce served with the bread.  However, I loved Hawthorne's!  It is the perfect balance of sweet and flavorful, with chunks of tomatoes in the sauce.  Yum!I also tried a couple different types of pizza.  I had the Greek pizza, with kalamata olives, tomatoes, feta, and onions.  I loved it.  Their Elizabeth special is like a supreme pizza, and it was also very good.  The crust is not necessarily full of flavor, but it has a great chewy texture traditional of hand tossed pizza.  The sauce tasted the same as the marinara dipping sauce (it may have been thicker).  One thing I appreciate is that Hawthorne's does not skimp on the toppings, especially the cheese.In addition to pizza and garlic knots, they have a pretty large menu with other appetizers, pasta, sandwiches, and even calzones, not to mention the plethora of salads offered on their menu.  Hand tossed pizzas come in either 9" or 18", but they don't have one in between.  They also offer a Sicilian pizza for an extra cost, but I did not get to see how big that was.  Pizza prices are about standard for Charlotte, about $8-10 for the small pizza and about $14-$19 for the large pizzas.  Dining in, the service was pretty good.  The staff was friendly and helpful when we were there.  The first time I got carry out, I didn't realize they had a separate area for that.  The carry out area is on the side, facing Hawthorne Street.  As far as parking, they do have a pretty decent amount.  They have a small lot in the front with just a few spaces, but they have a larger lot behind the building.I will definitely keep coming back, especially for those garlic knots.  If you order them, just be prepared with breath mints and Tums.
4	Garlic Knots how I love you so. After constantly driving by, and even taking a cooking class next door I finally went to Hawthorne's! I went  on a Friday night, and started off with a small order (6) of Garlic Knots. These are delicious! (Bring Breath Mints) These guys are loaded with buttery garlic!We ordered the 18' (8 slices)  Elizabeth Special (Pepperoni, Italian sausage, mushrooms, bell peppers, white onions and mozzarella cheese) *$18.95The pizza is pretty solid, the crust is thin, and crispy around the edges. The service was pretty good as well.  The staff was friendly and helpful when we were there.  Overall great experience, we will be back for more pizza, and of course....KNOTS!
3	One of my very few complaints about food in NY vs. Charlotte is that they can't seem to figure out pizza and wings down here with any level of consistency.Hawthorne's pizza is pretty solid, though, and one of the better pizzas you will have in Charlotte IMO. The downside is that it is extremely greasy pizza and your stomach feels it into the next day.  I would just recommend not going crazy on the pepperoni pizza here in order to avoid the pizza hangover.
4	I went there to watch a game.  It's not necessarily the best place to watch a game but they have several TVs at the bar so it works for us.  There was a ton of kids there so I have to say it has to be a great place for kids. I mean who doesn't love pizza.The garlic knots are amazing. I wanted to sop up every last drop of the garlic oil that I could. The meatballs are also very good.  The pizza, of course, you can never go wrong with.  We had the Chicken Bacon ranch which was as good as it sounds. Parking can be difficult if it is busy. there are a few spots up front and a few more in the back. otherwise you have to find a spot of the street. Ive ordered take out before which is great. they have a couple spots out back reserved for take out and a special area for you to pick it up which makes it convenient. I have been to 3 of the 5 Hawthorne's locations and what is great about them is that they are consistent across all the restaurants in terms of taste and quality.  That's hard to get when you have several locations.
3	The food is good and is kid friendly. Parking is a bit of a pain as there are only a few spots in the front. Service could have been a bit better as I never received a refill of my drink til I asked for a to go cup. Good pizza though.
5	This is my second favorite pizza & cannoli place in Charlotte, and it's a very tight race between 1st & 2nd. I'm a bit of a pizza snob having grown up on delicious pizza on Long Island. Amalfi's is my fav so I was disappointed when we moved to the south end of town and didn't know of any good pizza joints. Enter Hawthorne's on 7th. This is my go-to place for pizza and cannoli when I'm not in the University area.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at Hawthorne's.  It's the perfect place for a meal in the springtime because of their massive patio.  The salads were fresh and the pizza was great.  You get a lot for your money.  Also, while I didn't get a chance to try the garlic knots, they looked awesome! I will definitely go back.
4	Ah, this is good pizza... Pizza pizza!!I love how generous they get with their toppings. The pizza is huge, dough is fresh, as are the toppings. The only pizza I'm not a fan of here is the Buffalo Wings, but I've liked almost all other pizzas that I've tried here. My all time favorite is the Elizabeth Special. I never fail to order that, even if it has to be just one half. The other pizzas I would recommend are the Hawthorne's Special White, Meat Eaters, Crew and Ultimate Spinach.Their seating is pretty nice, the two times that I have dined in, we sat on the patio, which can get chilly on a cool day with the wind blowing, but is really nice on a warm summers day, especially if you have beer to go with it... Pizza and beer on a warm night, you can't go wrong with that!I like that they have a separate entrance for take-out because we usually just take our pizza to go and it's nice to have a little quiet seating while we wait on our pizza. They also have a couple game machines, although I've never actually tried them out.Parking is limited, but they recently added some extra parking spaces so it's better.
3	I've been told that Hawthorne's pizza is the best in the uptown area. However, I was not impressed. There are better options for pizza in Charlotte. It's good, just not THAT good.
4	Been meaning to go here since trying them at a Hounds game. Had a need for NY style pizza and off we went.  I was happy we went.  We had an 18" pie which give you 8 big slices to fold over and eat.  My son had the Mac and Cheese and said it didn't look like the kind I make out of a box but that it tasted good.   The sever was very friendly as were the guys making the pizza.  They have a little stage that the kids can walk up on and look through the glass at them making pizza.  Looked like they enjoyed playing with the kids while tossing the dough.  If you can get their early or just at the right time I recommend eating outside as it is a very relaxed atmosphere.  Only complaint is parking is tight.  A small lot up front, but after 5 there is parking around the side/rear, just obey the signs posted as one business doesn't let you park at anytime for anyone but them.
4	I've had a range of experiences here, from being virtually ignored by staff due to a glut  of customers to finding ourselves overwhelmed by staff presence and attention. In either case, the food has always been the shining star.Recently, we found ourselves with 2 of our friends' kids on a Sunday at lunchtime and were wondering where we could satisfy both of their taste requirements and find something for us as well. Right away, I thought of Hawthorne's. It's very kid-friendly and delicious.When we arrived, our drink orders were taken swiftly (it was before noon and the crowd hadn't begun to flood in yet). We bargained with our server for a super custom salad for our 4th grader (small house salad with added bacon, salami, huge shreds of cheddar cheese and ranch), and settled on a large cheese pizza for the rest of us.When my young friend's salad arrived, I was astonished at how beautiful it was and she was completely thrilled with its ingredients. I don't know where they get their ranch dressing, but it was REALLY good. As for the pizza, they double cut it so it would have small pieces for our 6-year-old. Flavor was perfect and texture was on point. For a huge pizza, custom salad and soft drinks for everyone, we skated by with a $25 tab. Not too shabby, if you ask me! When I was consulting the table as to the proper tip amount, my 4th grade friend exclaimed, "Give him 10! He got me an awesome salad!"We agreed.Thanks, Hawthorne's. Home run.
2	I ordered an Italian sandwich cold...  I cannot tell you if there Italian sandwich cold is any good or not- I did not receive an Italian nor was it cold!I had trouble placing the order and had to correct the order taker twice.  Someone else picked it up for me and I warned them about the confusion with the order- and asked that she have them confirm when she arrived.She did i fact check ask them to check it - they opened and told her it was an Italian no salami cold with fries... It wasn't!!!
4	Hawthorne's probably has my favorite "chill factor" of all pizza places in Charlotte. I love the patio but even inside it's pretty comfortable.  Generally the service is pretty friendly/funny and attentive.  Their wide variety of pizzas generally will please most people (though my husband really doesn't like their crust because of blandness). I don't mind the regular crust but I regret to admit that their gluten-free crust is offensive. I like their white pies and chicken + spinach/garlic.  Their pasta dishes aren't bad and they also offer eggplant parm which though it's vegetable based is far from healthy! :) I used to like their knots but I think they're not moist enough now. or maybe I'm just getting grumpier.My favorite two things about Hawthorne's? The craveworthy cannoli for dessert and their Twitter account. Huh? All I have to do is tweet to @HawthornesPizza and easy peasy, within 2-3 tweets they deliver whatever you want ultra pronto! Now that's service and for some reason seemed way easier than ordering on the phone!  One time they knew I had surgery and couldn't leave the house and gave me an extra special treat. If you're not as lazy as that, they have a convenient To-Go counter next door closer to the back parking lot.
3	I've been here many times for convenience.  It isn't truly NY style pizza, but it's decent pizza.  At this particular location the crust is often overbaked.  I tried the Gorgonzola Salad recently and really enjoyed it.  Nice patio too.  Parking is limited.  For me, it's a lunch special kind of place or place to unwind with friends.  There's better pizza around.
5	If you like pizza, you will be happy here!  Try the Elizabeth special
5	I really enjoy this pizza. Crisp, yet chewy crust, fresh tasting toppings, and real cheese oozing hot from the oven. The meats seem very real and less processed then other pizza joints, so don't order  pepperoni and expect it to be a dry, healthful pizza. It's going to be lusciously moist and slightly greasy. Their sausage &  pepperoni Sicilian takes a little while longer to make, but showcases the quality if their crust even better than the original. If I had kids, I would totally buy their "year's worth of pizza" deal and make every Friday night dinner pizza night. I like it that much -- eating it once a week would be completely ok with me. Alas, I have no kids and am generally drinking somewhere on Fridays. I've only been there late at night, so I've yet to encounter the hordes of children said to down the dining room each evening. However, their bar staff is friendly and their beer pours are on point.
1	I stopped by one night ordering the Manicotti, this was to be my last meal before having my wisdom teeth extracted. Disappointed is not even the word. I received 3 pasta rolls in a tin that indicated prior to my opening it that I was going to receive a large portion, there was no sauce. I don't think I'll be going here again. I ordered a pizza from the a while back and for the price I paid for both meals and the disappointment I had when eating them just doesn't Warrent a third try from me.
5	THE best pizza in Charlotte/Uptown area. We live a block away, so that is what brought us there initially. It is a regular 2 X a week stop for us now. We always sit at the bar. The staff are very welcoming, remember what we drink, ask how we are, etc....They "get it" in regards to service. It is a very chill, relaxed place and that is what I like. The house salad is very fresh, balsamic dressing too. The pizza is what keeps me coming back. We have never had anything but salad and pizza and we will continue to come back. Great pizza, awesome location and even better staff! Especially at the bar! The patio rocks, too!
5	I've been around the Charlotte pizza scene now and I have decided Hawthorne's is my favorite pizza in Charlotte.  I haven't had enough true NY pizza to compare this, but I can say NY or not, it is good.  The best part is the outside patio right on the main strip in Elizabeth with plenty of opportunities for people watching.  I need to venture off the pizza menu as they have a full pasta menu, but the pizza is just so good that I seem to have to order it every time I'm here.
5	This is a great spot for the warmer weather.  I drive by this location so much, yet never stopped in.  On a Sunday, my friends and I were in the Plaza Midwood area and wanted pizza.  A friend recommended a place with a patio, and I thought to check this place.  We had the mussels and garlic bread, which was excellent.  Mussels were clean and all opened!  It is my pet peeve when I get unopened mussels.  We had their Tuscan salad, which was perfect especially with our wine.  There was some homemade croutons in the salad, which were my favorite.  The pizza was hands-down one of the best in Charlotte.  Thin and crispy with an excellent base.  The slices on the large pie were truly that of a large pie.  We did a classic cheese with meatballs (SLICED heavenly meatballs, not that crumbly stuff) and a spinach pizza with just the right amount of garlic.  Waitstaff was friendly and warm.  It was causal, but upbeat.  Saw many having a good time at work, while really making sure all their tables were happy. I can't wait to come back.  I saw some garlic knots go out, and from the looks of it, probably a good snack.
5	One of my favorite pizza places in Charlotte. I've been multiple times for both lunch and dinner. I haven't had anything on the menu that wasn't good or that I wouldn't order again. My orders rotate between the cheese pizza, eggplant wrap, gorgonzola salad or wild mushroom ravioli. For lunch I normally sit at the bar and order a slice or a salad. Bartenders are attentive and usually will chat up an interesting conversation. Staff is always friendly, food comes out hot and fast. The only thing I wish they did different was serve pizza by the slice all day long - it's only an option at lunch. Sometimes after work I would love to go in and grab a slice and a beer instead of ordering a whole pie - but if that's my only negative, you won't be disappointed!
5	This is my favorite pizza place in Charlotte! They also have great selection of salads. Their buffalo chicken calzone is also really yummy. I've been going here for years!
3	Walking distance WiFi WTF. I could hit this place with a baseball from my girlfriends house. So I have eaten here more than expected. I called ahead of time before our first visit to confirm the free wifi. This was the deal breaker on eating out or eating in. We walked over and sat in the dining room. Once we arrived and ordered beers, I asked for the wifi info. The server chuckled and replied she would give me the password but the internet sucked. I never could connect and no one seemed to care...poor me.Food was good and hot, but now that I was in a hurry to get back to work I felt like they couldn't move fast enough..I give this location 3 stars because on my 2nd visit the service was quite different at the bar. My drink order was taken immediately the food order that came suggested from the bartender was the best I have had here. 3rd visit we sat in the dining room and again the food was good, but service slow and uncaring. We will be back to try the patio so I can bump this to a 5 star review.
5	I went here for a family lunch and was pleasantly pleased. We ordered a pizza half veggie and the other half cheese and I was in Pizza heaven. The service was fantastic and they have beautiful outdoor patio seating. If you haven't been here check them out!! Not to mention they have cool beer specials!!!!
4	Had dinner here last night. We ordered half veggie and half ultimate spinach pizza. The spinach pizza was awesome but veggies was just ok. I felt like the broccoli on the pizza was burnt which gave it a weird taste. They did have a great selection of beer and the patio is great to have a casual dinner.
5	We've been coming here for many, many years, and this is the best pizza I've had outside of John's Pizzeria in NYC.  The pizza is very good, and the rest of the menu has something for everyone.  The kids love coming here to get some dough and their own little pizza, but I must admit we've come to Hawthorne's on our own date nights, too.  Beer and wine selection are good if you have a particular preference, and don't overlook the lasagna if you aren't in a pizza mood.  The staff have a long tenure and will always take good care of you--that's part of the reason this is our favorite Charlotte 'go to' restaurant ...
5	Can't say enough about the quality & service. We visit frequently from St. Louis where they have no idea what makes a great pie. I also had the Caprese salad, tomatoes, basil, mozzarella & balsamic vinegar. B+, not their fault, it's just not tomato season yet.
5	Amazing atmosphere! They are very friendly here and the food I amazing. Customer service is excellent. And yes! Those garlic knots are where it's at!! Definitely recommend this for a great meal with any friend!
5	Loved it! Great atmosphere and the pizza was great too.  A lot to choose from.  Flavors were great and appetizers were just as great! Can't wait to visit again!
4	Excellent New York style pizza. The pizza had big slices, easy to order for pickup, and was piping hot They only sell personal sized pizzas and large pizzas. Side salad was ok. But sure did make a good slice of pizza.
4	One of the best pizzas I've had in Charlotte. They also sell pizza by the slice which is a plus.
5	Staff is extremely friendly and the food is consistently great! I am from NY and it's not often you find pizza and Italian food that is comparable.
5	By far the best rendition of NY Style pizza in Charlotte.  This was our first visit and we will definitely be back. Although we live closer to the Ballantyne we will go there next week. We just had a pizza with bacon and it was perfect.  They use good cheese,  an excellent sauce and perfectly crumbled bacon. Good atmosphere for kids too n
5	I'm yet to find anything on the menu I don't like, but the Pizza is top notch.  Wings, deserts, and salads are also fantastic.  My Thursday is not complete unless it includes a fresh pie from Hawthornes!
3	We were touring Charlotte and in the mood for some new York style pizza. We found Hawthorne s Pizza to a place that we will be returning. The place looks like a converted garage and done with class.  We were greeted by a hostess at the door and seated in a booth for the 4 of us. Started out with some beers and iced tea. Beer was cold. Iced tea was a little weak. Ordered Crispy Cajun Shrimp on a bed of Cole slaw. Very tasty and would order again. We also ordered Long Island Wings. Kind of a mix between hot and sweet. The table liked the but honestly I like my wings a little hotter. I always judge the quality of the pizza with no toppings. Toppings tend to compensate for other shortcomings so we ordered a plain pie. Took about 20 minutes. The crust is thin and not too greasy on the surface. Mozzarella appears to be skim mozzarella, (which I prefer) vs whole milk.  All in all the pizza was delicious and is the closest to New York pizza. Stop by and try the t out.
5	Favorite place in the Elizabeth area! Everything is so good! Try the queso dip or fried jalapenos for starters.
5	Best pizza in Charlotte. The reasons:1. Generous toppings2. Flavorful, robust sauce.3. Gooey, delicious cheese.4. Creative menu.5. Fantastic specials. 6. Terrific service.7. Awesome locations.8. Good beer & specials. 9. An A+ to-go system.10. Consistent excellence.
