5	This location of Coffee Bean is particularly fun.  Across from UNLV, when classes are in session it's always filled with students socializing, studying, or tapping away on their keyboards.  There's a large patio outside that is awesome for a lounge when the weather is right.I love their blended chai lattes.  Love, love, love!  I love that you don't have to feel like a dork ordering a 'venti' anything because they come in smalls and larges, which are sizes that make sense.  I oddly love their purple straws.  I love that a lot of people who hang out here are the same people who hung out in cafes (before they were all destroyed by the 'Bucks) when I was growing up, so it's a bit of a walk down memory lane.Also, if you're young and on the prowl, this is an awesome place to do some potential partner scopin'.  Not that I'd know.
5	I actually don't frequent the Coffee Bean very often, but I have made one or two special trips to this location. It's like it's own little independent entity, unique from the rest of its chain. The patrons are always happy and social, and the service has always been incredibly friendly. Once, there was one person in front of me. I was in line for ... not very long at all. I didn't really notice. When I got to the counter, the young lady said, "I'm sorry you had to wait!" Which is cool, because that says to me that I was noticed from the moment I walked in the door. Which is good business.I like the area, I like the patio ... I like this place.
4	One of my favorite places in the city! It's right across the street from UNLV so subsequently there is always students and young people hanging around. This feels like a real coffee shop where you may run into people that you know, They have yummy powders they put in their coffee and wonderful iced blended. More than the coffee, this outdoor patio is a real urban oasis and a fun place to pass the afternoon talking with friends or reading.
5	An oasis in the midst of Vegas. Baristas are incredibly nice, good, non-annoying music is on and if it's too noisy or you need a more zen-like state, you can move to the back room that is plastered with really interesting art and comfy couches. Free filtered water that doesn't taste like the typical goop that comes out of the taps, and an overall zen, but alert type feel. Love it. Plus, they have a tea latte that makes me cry, it is so good (thx god for you, earl grey). Plus, if you look somewhat hoboish (which I often do), they'll give you a student discount unasked, god love em. What more can be said? A++
3	passable drinks. better than starbucks though. don't order an espresso I can tell you that much, but again better than starbucks
5	This place is amazing, not because the coffee is that great, heck I am not a coffee connoisseur. This place is amazing because of the staff. For instance last time I was there Chris (the manager, aka Lil Chris) and the nice young lady informed me that the LIGHT roasts have more caffeine then dark roast because the longer its roasted the more the bean loses! All my friends and admittingly myself, thought darker roast=more coffee=more caffeine!Today Chris recommended the new flavoring, dark chocolate and raspberry, and wow. It was like drinking candy. I hate coffee and have to make it sweet to drink, they know this and recommend things based on this and this was perfect. If you are in the area and need coffee go in ask them about whatever new or different stuff they have, what you like and prepare to be impressed. Hopefully if enough of you go, I can get them to extend there hours because they close early now and who ever gets their homework done by 7p??? So yes I have a vested interest in spreading the word...I need a late night spot to get my fix!!! LMAO
4	As a general rule, I am Team Coffee Bean over Team Starbucks (meh) or Team Peets (grrr). This particular Coffee Bean gets big ups for being one of the closest no-hassle free-wifi spots to the Strip. Also, it's staffed by cool UNLV students.Also, every single time I'm there, I either run into someone I know, or meet someone cool. The only downside: bizarrely, they close at 6 PM sharp. Where are the students supposed to go to power up for all-nighters?
4	I went here this morning after my not so great experience at It's a Grind and they were very helpful and they were not slammed so I got my bagel and Iced Tea pretty quickly.I asked the guy at the register how the new Spring Peach flavor was as I really do not like sweet tea but don't mind flavor. He said it was good, not too sweet and he was right! It's very tasty! He was pleasant and chatted with me while my bagel was toasting.Overall a good experience, a small tea and bagel with cream cheese was 4.00! Not too bad considering Starbucks charged me 4.49 for one of their *new* SMALL fraps yesterday since I asked for extra caramel.This place is near my work, so pretty good for my weekday craving!
4	This place has a neighborhood-y feel to it. I like coming here because its not uncomfortable as starbucks. They usually have some type of 10% off for students, free coffee, free hookers, etc... at this place. So it is a nice place to hang out and read the CityLife/Weekly.
4	Sometimes I feel that it is weird to write a review of a place I frequent so much. I know, that is crazy talk, that is exactly why I should write a review. So, after taking a much needed break from work today, I traveled to this bastion of goodness. I love the quality of coffee and tea from CBTL. It is really high quality, and this location has some of the better baristas in the employ of CB&TL. As other Yelpers mentioned, its usually hopping because of the proximity to UNLV. It is also super UNLV friendly with a discount for students, faculty and staff. Knowing that the price of the Starbucks in the Student Union is crazy high, its great to know that you can be rewarded for your studenthood, or general fondness for education at CB&TL. Today, I came in to order my usual the Soy African Sunrise Tea Latte. However, I was informed by the manager (much to my dismay) that the corporate office has discontinued the African Sunrise tea. That is a huge bummer. The manager then recommended a decaf Chai tea that was amazing. I didn't get a pastry today, but I am a fan of the donuts and scones. They have Starbucks beat on that end. This location is also very chill, has a lot of indoor and outdoor seating, and its a great spot for people watching.
4	Okay, so I know I just reviewed this place, but I really have to say that their customer service is fantastic. We went in with the Brew Crew coupon for today (if you go here and aren't a member of the Brew Crew you really need to sign up next time you stop by one of their locations), and were really struggling with how to utilize it (buy one retail item, get a free drink). The staff was super patient, walking us through the many options that we had (as I don't really ever buy retail items from any coffee shop), and joking with us about what we should get as the "free drink". I settled on a blended Black Forrest with Soy. It was the "filet Mignon" of drinks (one of the most expensive drinks). As usual, the staff was happy to substitute with Soy milk and the drink was made quickly. The drink was pretty damn amazing at that. Probably one of the best frozen blended drinks I've ever had. The more I go to CB&TL the more I like it.
2	Here's the deal: I actually love Coffee, Bean & Tea Leaf. I even love this location and have made it my office for the day more times than I can count in the last year. There is a problem, however. A big one. When ordering my large beverage at Coffee, Bean & Not Very Nice, I have accidentally said "venti" on two different occasions. Two times in what has to be over 52 visits. I know, I know. A serious coffee faux pas. I apologized when I realized my blunder, but was not anticipating the rude reception I received. Twice.Hey, I get it. You don't want to be confused with Starbucks. Starbucks is the quarterback and Coffee Bean is the art student. Here's the problem, though, I'm just the nerdy girl that plays saxophone in the pep band who wants her damned coffee and a little kindness.Yes, I go to Sbux, but I go everywhere else, too. I'm from the capitol of coffee, Seattle, and just want my drink to be good and my service to be friendly. If this had just happened once, I'd let it go, but twice? Sorry, folks, but you can keep your venti, large what-have-you and I'll head down the street to Starbucks. Thanks.At the end of the day, and it hurts a little to write this, it's just coffee. I mean, can't we all just get along?
5	I've been coming here frequently for the Dark Chocolate Ice Blended.  Dark Chocolate cures cancer right?  Staff is good, plenty of seating, great overall environment for enjoying a coffee drink.  They also have bagels and pastries if you don't need meat in your breakfast. I enjoy the free WiFi, but more importantly the abundance of PLUGS!  Barnes n Noble blocked all their power plugs because they don't want me hanging out there on my laptop after I buy a beverage.
5	The one on Maryland Pkwy across the street from Campus is the best Coffee Bean.  They have really nice managers.  And their baristas make the drinks perfect!  My personal favorite is the Winter Dream Tea Latte...You can't go wrong!  No matter what time of the year it is!  Any of the teas there can be made into a tea latte....the coffees are delicious...everything is super delicious here! The snacks look good but I haven't tried any of them.  The outdoor seating is really nice.  I've graduated already but if you're looking for a good place for a study group...this is perfect.  Great drinks, semi quiet, large tables for groups and free wifi.  And they give discounts for students! Yay!
4	Good place to go to for coffee near the university. Nice staff, too.
5	Best coffee bean ive ever been too. Sadly its 300 miles away from my house. Best coffee bean ever! Why? Because u dont hace to fight for a electrical plug and theres a significant amout of tables and free wifi.
5	Great drinks. Great service. Free WIFI near UNLV seems a given, but surprisingly this is often not true! This can be found here,along with friendly staff and way better drinks that StarWhatchMaCallit.Nice outdoor patio space,free mags to look at, fun art to see in the back room...I can't find a negative here!Varied clientele from students and teachers, to the gay crowd, rockers, business people, and even an occasional psychic!Now that we are all used to spending over $5 for a 'coffee', this even seems to be a good value.Congrats!
5	As I move to Ohio at the end of this month, I think less of trying new places and more about re-visting the ones that I have cherished over the past 12 years.  I would say the University Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf is somewhere near the top of that list.While I, too, like Misti Y., lament the dearth of local coffee culture built around a variety of quirky, owner/operator holes dripping with bad art, devoured sofas and coffee slung at me in a mug, I find that CBTL on Maryland always feels comfortable and homey - it even usually has a selection of, we'll say, "local" art.With an ample porch and loads of couches, the feel of this place is definitely more home-brew than corporate coffee.  The feel is very young and is a great place to study, access the internet (free) and catch-up with friends between classes.  I like the balance on both the patio and interior of light and dark.  The space is very well-lit, but there is plenty of space that is shaded.As I've mentioned in other reviews, I'm much more of a tea drinker than a coffee drinker, and CBTL is the best place in town for iced or hot tea.  It's all kept air-tight, and all of it is loose, full-leaf tea.  They always have 4 pre-brewed selections available and they have rarely been over-brewed - simply refreshing.  I usually grab a 32oz. Lung Ching/ Dragonwell iced green tea - it runs about $2.80 for the initial cup and after that it's about $.75 for a refill!  Needless to say, I've wasted whole days here.  If you prefer something hot, I love the Earl Grey Tea Latte - creamy and soothing.  Also, try an Oatbar, a Jalapeno Cheddar Bagel or an old-fashioned donut for a snack.One final note, any student can present ID for a 10% discount.  And, if you're a regular, they probably will just give it to you anyway.
5	I'm not a big coffee drinker but as a smoothie lover I must say I love coming to coffee beans for a little treat. I always choose amongst their choices of ice blended drinks, and no they are not fresh fruit but it's the closest thing i can get sometimes. I use to be in love with the Malibu Dream which is a strawberry and banana smoothie, and I use to even add vanilla flavoring by the condiment section to add even more flavor into the already delicious fruity drink.  My next favorite was the banana ice blend but they discontinued it and I was devastated! My favorite now is the pomegranate ice blend with no sugar added! I love that there's a choice for that and how sweet the drink is without it! I once bought a new super food naked juice that I absolutely was disgusted by and asked the guy at the front if I could possibly change it and he ended up making one of the ice blends with them! He told me all the naked juice is made to taste good with vanilla mixing for smoothies. It wasn't the best but I appreciate the kind service.I like this coffee shop, near my school,.. the only bad side is there's homeless's asking for money. But that's vegas for ya.
5	This place is solid. Baristas always remember my drinks and always ask me how my day is going.. i owned a coffee shop so I appreciate the service and I know good management when I see it.. Very nice.. and the coffee is excellent.. even if I am from Seattle.. I prefer it over SB any day.. good selection of morning pastries and such as well.. Hit it up!
4	Tea lattes are always a personal favorite for me at the Coffee Bean. Of course, at this particular location, you've got to take advantage of the 10% discount when showing your UNLV student ID. If I had a more portable laptop, I'd definitely come here to lounge more often because of the nice atmosphere in here.I wanted to try the pumpkin latte today, but by 11:30AM, they had already run out of them. Darn! However, the Winter Dream Tea Latte I had instead was great, and it warmed me up instantly, considering it was really cold outside today.
3	I love that they give student discounts. Saves me a couple of centavos for my next visit. :)
4	I am been coming to the UNLV Coffee Bean And Tea Leaf for nearly six years now, and have known the store managers Josh, Chris, Steven, and Burt (the outlaw).  I have met Jennifer too, their District Manager.  I have watched many crowds of people come and go, many of them students at UNLV.  They have always been courteous, friendly, and encouraging, and do their best to make everyone feel at home here.  In fact, they know my drink and often make it when the see me walking in the door.  By the time I pay for it it is ready.They were the first in the area to offer free Wifi, back when Starbucks was still charging for it.  A couple of years ago, they installed a system that ensured only customers could use it.  If you purchase something, they will give you a login slip which is good for six hours.  This was necessary, due to the lage number of freeloaders who came simply to use the wifi, and did not purchase anything.  I have even seen people sitting in their car using it.  This was a great idea, and not unreasonable.  I myself got clear wire, so I didn't have to rely on their wifi, or anyone else's.  But I recently purchased an iPad, which requires a wifi hot spot.  No problem now.  There is free wifi everywhere.  Unfortunately, I have discovered that the Wifi here is not very good since they installed their security system.  I can not watch a you tube video.  The system drops my connection every five minutes or so, and I have to reconnect.  I have talked to other long time customers who have assured me of the same thing.  The wifi connection sucks.  I bought this iPad so I can check Facebook, check my mail, and do other menial tasks that I do on a daily basis.  It works like a champ, and I don't have to worry - there is free wifi anywhere.  It is a shame that I now come here to get my morning Latte', and then go over to Starbucks to continue my morning and use the Internet for a little while.  I know there were people downloading all kinds of stuff and hogging all the bandwidth a few years ago.  But the world has changed!  The system they installed is no longer necessary, especially if I can't watch a streaming video or use Pandora to listen to music on my headphones while working.  So, PLEASE FIX THIS PROBLEM!Thanks,Scott
5	Wow.  I squawked about their wifi connection and they fixed it!  Much better.  Thanks, CBTL!
5	I used to be a die hard Sbux fan until I started coming to CBTL because of the student discounts. I can't believe it took me so long to start coming! My favorite drink is the Iced Strawberry Cream Green Tea, which they know to start making as soon as they see me come in, which they greet me by name. I am pretty sure I came her at LEAST 3 times a week for the entire spring semester. You can't beat that. And for a large tea at 2.35 with my student discount, I'll take that over the nearly 4 dollars at SBUX any day. This location is just so chill too, right across the street from UNLV and super friendly staff. I will drive the 15-20 minutes just to come to this one verses another location.
4	Standard service and products for the chain, but I'm yelping them because I like their large side room with tables and comfy chairs -- you can meet friends, study, work, or just hang out in that space, which can be tough to find.  Thanks guys!
3	Not really a big fan of coffee bean but I love the location of this particular coffee shop. This is located across UNLV, and a great palce to chill and hold meetings..There is also an open mic session where you can jam out in the private rooms.I usually order the chai latte at Coffee Bean, not really a big fan but at least it's still a drink.They offer wifi and the staff is friendly at this location.Overall love the spot not really a big fan of their coffee..
4	Excellent coffee, as always. Like this location near UNLV because it is large and relatively quiet. Sat outside with my Golden and my laptop and  had an amazing latte. They tend to be very busy, for good reason.Need gluten-free goodies!
4	I will always pick the Coffee Bean over their corporate competitors because they actually taste good. I might not be the biggest fan of their powder flavorings, but I like their selections of tea.The additional sitting space on the side closest to the entrance is fantastic. It is the perfect place to study and still be comfortable.
3	A slightly cooler alternative to S-bux, even if the only reason is because there are fewer Leafs (Leaves?) than S-buxes.  This location is right across Maryland from my UNLV office and whenever I want a change of scenery, I go here.  I've only had cappuccino's here and they tasted the same each time I've visited.  Not the best I've ever had, but dependable and not sour!  I enjoy their scones and cookies and the free wifi (get wired while you're wired!).
4	I love love LOVE the hazelnut latte. Whenever I see a coffee bean I get a hankering for one of these babies. I've been trying to give up caffeine so I haven't been drinking these as much as I used to, but they're delicious. Their pasta salad is delicious too. I tried it once on a whim and it's pretty much one of my favorite things ever haha I always want one for lunch, but they don't seem to want to order them! So I've kind of just stopped going. oh well..All and all, go to coffee bean and check it out. The coffee is good and the service is good :)
1	I go to UNLV and spend a lot of my time studying at the Lied Library where this place is located. The only reason I go back is because it is convenient for me, however, the quality and prices of their products always are constant reminders of why I dislike this place so much.  One of the times I was there, I was about to order when the cashier started running to the restroom.  Once she was in there, all you can hear was vomiting noises. Another time, my friend and I went to get tea, everything was fine until the cashier (who was mopping before ringing me up) decided to grab my tea bag with her bare hands which she did not wash after she finished mopping. You would think that she, at least, would put some gloves on. I used to get the Soy Chai Te Latte, but had to stop because their quality was not even close to a Starbucks drink, but their prices were. Now, I just order a hot tea, but I am always on the lookout to see if they are going to be using their hands or a pair of tongs to put the bag in the cup!
5	I LOVE CBTL!!!!!In my opinion, CBTL (particularly this location across from the UNLV campus) is superior to Starbucks. I frequent this location to study if I want to get out of the library. It is less crowded than Starbucks and there is a lot more space and more available tables. Also, their WiFi is faster than Starbucks, their coffee/tea is cheaper (and generally tastier) and they have newly available FREE charging stations for all kinds of phones, including chargers that are already plugged in.  Need a free charge? Stop by. Last night, they had chargers for iPhones, iPhone 5, Blackberry and one other that I didn't recognize. Also, they have a lot of power outlets!CBTL is always clean their staff have always been very friendly. Although I can't speak for their coffee (I've just never ordered it), they have THE BEST selection of tea. Particularly, their English breakfast tea is delicious and tastes just like home.
4	woo hoo. SO, I don't drink coffee. But I love love love there Ice Blended Chai tea latte. No whip.    Ive tried at other businesses and it just isn't the same its watery , no flavor.. yuck. butCoffe bean. YUM! although I cant have a whole one, its still always manages to hit the spot just right.      Lots of sitting area at this location Free Wi-Fi to customers a definite plus especially with being across the street from UNLV. Friendly Staff, and quick. but I was waiting for about twenty minutes because I hadn't heard them call my order.. I wish they would have told me that It was ready, I was sitting right by the counter.
4	This was the go to place during my graduate school years.  It is located right across the street from UNLV, and has plenty of space to meet with your peers or study.  They're also outdoor seating.  It's a corporate chain, so you will receive the same basic service as at all Coffee Beans.  But this location is well built, well located, and should be appreciated.I personally prefer their Chai Tea Latte over the competitors because they actually use real tea.  Most places make Chai Tea with a pump or two of sugared syrup.  But the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf makes it the way it should be made, and the difference is in the taste.They also have a large extra meeting room in the back of the already spacious building.  Some times special events such as casting calls and poetry readings are hosted in here.  But most other times, its open to the public and it is a perfect place to congregate with friends or for business.  I used to bring students here to tutor, and it worked out perfectly with plenty of space and lots of electrical outlets for computer usage.This location is a place I always love returning to.
3	Did like the place. For a coffee chain, I prefer their coffee to Starbucks. They have a quite large section with seats and power outlet (I think it's new, i don't remember that from last year). Service was nice and quick on a Sunday morning.
5	This place is great! Great drinks, great service, great atmosphere :)
5	These guys are great.  They remember my regular drink and simply ask the size and number of extra shots I want today.
5	Always friendly! Great service!
4	I love their coffee it is really smooth and their teas are good too.
2	I do like the little coffee/tea shop that they have here.  They have a separate rooms for extra tables for college students to study in & of course free wi-fi!The people who worked here are so pleasant, but the frap that they make for us taste so watery! Everytime I come here, I order a Mocha frappuccino & each time it tastes so watery and just too much liquid.  Usually,  I don't tell them to make me another one because I feel bad. But I had to do it twice already and even though the re-make it, it is still too liquid-y.  ...Hopefully, next time I come here the frappuccino won't be so liquid-y.
4	Coffee line uugghhh! I don't like lines, but there is almost always a reason for them! I get coffee, iced coffee, and I had a gluten free muffin once! I love coffee and when I'm on campus, I get coffee here.
5	Awesome location and amazing staff! Located conveniently across from UNLV on Maryland Parkway... I stop here almost daily whether I am attending class or headed to work. A while back they stocked zuchini bread which was great, but no longer order it (please bring it back.) Regardless, the staff is always friendly and the variety of tea cannot be beat. If you are a tea drinker this place is a must over Starbucks.
4	I've been here two other times. Today was special as we had our "doughnut crawl" in the large room behind the coffee bar.The two working the slow shop (it's winter break at UNLV) were very polite and helpful.  I got my usual Black Forest Ice Blended and it was great!It was quite good of the staff to let us have our Yelp meeting in their room!
4	Convenient to the office and featuring a lovely back room with free Wi-Fi throughout plus a courteous staff I can't say I'm a big fan of their beans or roasting procedures in general but fairing far better than Starbucks in most regards I'm sure I'll find myself here frequently throughout my time in Las Vegas.  Echoing the comments from Nelson and Norm the staff was excellent to us during the first donut meet-up and although my double espresso over ice was rather run of the mill the price was good and the preparation was quick.
3	I believe wifi is an important part of the overall rating of a coffee shop. This location has it. However, it is slow. I've visited three four times to study. I can not load YouTube videos. Loading pages takes 4-6 seconds. It is a franchise, so the expected beverages and service will always be comparable to others within the umbrella. Nothing extraordinary. One thing I do like is the peacefulness and volume of the store. I have a spot and it is usually open for me. Store would have better ratings if the wifi was faster.. It's right across the street from a university for God sakes.
4	I've been here a few times and am generally a fan.  While I can't say anything negative about them, I also can't give any rave reviews to warrant it a 5-star rating.  It is a coffee shop, they give me coffee, I am pleased.The staff is always friendly and courteous; the coffee is always hot (or cold, as the case may be); the store is always clean.  These things make for a good coffee shop.  However, I don't think anything raises it to the level of "great".  The service speed is average - I occasionally feel like I'm waiting too long, especially when there are five people behind the counter and no other customers.  But, other times, it's pretty quick.  All in all, it feels very mundane.  I won't go out of my way to go there, but if I'm parked in that lot and want a coffee, I will stop in.
4	I don't frequent Coffee Bean too much (very happy Starbucks gold card holder) but whenever I do I'm pleased. I usually bring people here who aren't heavy coffee drinkers because the coffee seems to be milder. I'm happy with the service at this location. I like how they have an extra room for when it gets crowded. My drinks were done quickly as well. I don't like the cameras everywhere and the wifi nazi policy. You have to go and get a printout for the network, and it works for only one device. They could really do away with all that. Besides that, I'm very happy with the drinks. I don't think I will give up Starbucks but I will definitely be back.
5	I can't speak for all locations, but this location, AWESOME!The lady at the counter who served played a major role in this 5-star opinion.I had missed my free shuttle back to my hotel after a little shopping at Whole Foods, so I took a gander about and saw this little coffee and tea shop. Perfect. I could go grab a coffee, a little snack, peruse the free wifi and the 1-1/2hrs should fly by!I had quite a few bags with me and the lady immediately ran around the counter to find me a spot to set down my items. Now that's thoughtful! She then asked me if I wanted to coffee, and I could browse the snacks while she prepared that for me.I settled on a strawberry shortcake. Headed to the cash to pay for everything and spied the K-cups my BF buys all the time! I was surprised, I hadn't realized they were from this coffee shop chain. In any case, they have a new 'flavour' and the lady packed up a few for my BF to sample. So service here: 2000000000000 stars. I mean seriously! The coffee was good. I am a little picky about coffee, so anything better than Starbuck's is a 5-star in my mind if it comes from a chain. This was better than Starbuck's IMO. The shortcake was delicious, and you know, 3 different people commented on how good it looked (I got the last one). They offer free wifi, charging stations (including one that doesn't use wires - a power mat!), it's pretty neat!
1	I use stop here on my way to work to get a pure white choc/choc ice blended drink, and have made my stops here less frequent due to the lack of so much as decent customer service.  I went there today, just trying to get my reg beverage, no line whatsoever, and somehow they managed to put espresso in my drink (Even though I emphasized "No Coffee/Espresso"), I went back in and asked the barista if she could remake it without the espresso. She remade.. with espresso. I ended up throwing the drink in the trash and requested a refund.I can understand if they where busy, and made the mistake, but multiple mistakes without a line is unacceptable. I won't be making my way back to this location, and will continue getting there beverages at the Townsquare location.
1	This is for the location on the UNLV campus (I couldn't find their yelp page) but they really need a new night staff. They are so rude and incompetent. No one looked happy and when asked for a simply request it seemed like I was asking for a huge favor. My iced coffee was warm. So when I asked for a cup of ice, the girl at the register rolled her eyes before getting it. To make things even worse, both my sister's and my coffee were really off. I didn't want to bother going back because I knew nothing would be done for both the customer service & the coffee. I'd rather walk across the street to the other Coffee Bean than come here again.
5	Juan makes the best coffee love the coffee bean and tea leaf a little bit more that he is at the UNLV location
5	Food: They do not have hot breakfast sandwiches as you would expect in comparison to Starbucks. Although they do have pre-made breakfast burritos, did not try them so no comment on that.Coffee/Drinks: Always get the same thing and they always make it just right. A "Cherry Blossom Tea Latte" hot with an extra scoop of powder and no foam.Wifi: Yes! It's free!Atmosphere: You will be surrounded by college students from across the way (UNLV), attorneys trying to do some work and getting a cup of coffee right before heading to work and casual meetings between people.Overall, I enjoy this coffee bean because it is busy around the clock and I love people watching when I am not focused on my projects that I finish while on my mac computer.
1	Vegas Location: Stood in line 5 minutes and never acknowledge. 2 people behind the counter. One was waiting on a customer the other was talking to a customer and besides myself there were no other customers.  When they were done they both went about doing busy work.  Not once was I acknowledged or told we'll be right with you. finally I just walked out ... on my way to Starbucks.
1	So after several years of coming here for coffee I have to say that I finally have had my first bad encounter. Since 2005 I've enjoyed buying my coffee and studying here, and never had a problem. This morning my girlfriend and I came here to have coffee. I bought two coffees and a scone. Now on our way I bought a breakfast sandwich from Jack in the Box, not the best breakfast, but I had a craving to go with my coffee.  We sat down and had our coffee and food. A while after, an employee came by and told us that we could not bring that food (Jack in the Box)  into their establishment. The reason given is that their food is Kosher and it is blessed by a rabbi, and our food "tainted" theirs. I didn't make an argument of it, and acknowledge the employees' statement. If what I did was a violation of this establishments rules, then I think it is a bad business practice of not making it known to the customers prior to entering. I would have accepted and better understood if there was a sign outside  stating"No Outside Food", especially if it is non-Kosher food. But to not do so and tell a customer that they "tainted" the store's food is a horrible and shoddy business practice. I'm usually not the type to bring outside food into a coffeehouse and rare if I do, yet I have done so in the past at other places and never had a problem as long as I am buying something there as well. I'm sure this place won't miss my patronage, but I do think they lack in some character as a business.
1	I don't understand how a coffee shop does not open until 7 or 8. I drive by here every morning on my way to work. I start at 7. Starbucks and Einstein's bit open earlier. I am forced to go to those places
