5	You must check out this place if you are near the Venetian and you want a great meal at an amazing price!  The place opened about 3 months ago and they had one of the best filets I have ever had in my life.  To further break it down:Instead of bread you are served two fresh soft pretzels.  Prices are half of what you would find at other restaurants of this quality, but if you would like your normal hearty portions, this is not the place for you.  Entrees are definitely smaller than what you would normally find, but my wife and I found ourselves pleasantly full by the time we finished.  The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.  Great place to grab a meal and have a few drinks.  Probably not the best idea for a romantic time on the town, though.
5	PHILLY CHEESESTEAK DUMPLINGS. They made sweet delicious love to my tastebuds. Just thinking about them makes me want to drool with my mouth agape a' la Homer Simpson. I couldn't get enough of them and hoarded as many as I could. It made non-dumping eaters become overnight fans. The Lollipop Buffalo Wings were tasty little tenders, and the pretzels with various dipping sauces were a nice twist to the usual french fry standby.Drinks: Sammi D's cucumber gimlet - refreshing and great to sip.We got the serious hook up from a friend who knows the owners and came here to celebrate a friends birthday. They had a DJ, it wasn't very full at all (due in part to the recession and it being new I suppose). Our group of about 15 were the party & entertainment with a friend who kept trying to pull the bday boy (her BF's) shirt off the entire night. The space is decorated rocker cool, and the staff are all super nice. Plenty of room to dance by the bar if you get the itch. The cool touch screen menu at the entrance reminded me of a giant iphone when I scrolled through it with my finger.We should have owed at least a "G" easily, but paid a little over half of that amount for appetizers and constant imbibing. I couldn't count the number of times our cute waitress came back & forth with new drink orders.It was a blast - we were there until 4:30 a.m.! Go there and support this new place - no 'tudes, a laid back lounge, good food, and no bullshit lines like those seen at XS!
4	love @ FIRST sight! First Food & Bar is one of those unique places in Vegas where you shell out a decent amount of money (not super cheap, but not super outrageous buffet prices either) but actually get great ambiance and food in return. My friends and I foregone the Sunday morning buffets in exchange for less variety and more realistic portion sizes. Server was a little on the creepy/awkward side, but the food was fabulous. The decor reminded me of Diane von Furstenberg meets MetroPark - touches of feminine print meets urban edge. Breakfast Boxes gave you a variety of options including sandwiches, make-your-own omelets, salads, and traditional breakfast flair. A side of fresh fruit is served depending on your entree. Our table featured: * Smoke Salmon Scramble NY  Egg "Sam"wich served w/ fresh fruit bowl* Custom Omelet w/ Mozzarella, Oven dried tomatoes, and Chorizo served w/ fresh fruit bowl & a slice of bread pudding-ish thing*Bag of sugar donuts - complimentary * Salmon-I-Am Endive SaladALL were delicious!  FIRST has earned its place in my permanent Vegas book! PROS+ decor+ food+ price+ window view of the strip+ portionsCONS- flat soda- creepy/weird waiter
5	I ate here really late on the night of July 5th with a lady friend and it was just fantastic!!!!!!  The bar-b-que chicken pizza was just great and they had a pretty view of the Vegas strip facing North towards the Wynn.  Our waiter did a great job his name was either Dan or Caesar. He was totally cool to talk to and gave us some great advice about the different clubs in Vegas on our trip.
5	Its too bad that this restaurant is down the end of a long hallway and the maps still say "coming soon". Nevertheless, when we went here for lunch there were plenty of people enjoying their food. NOTE: you have to ask for the free pretzels! They won't automatically bring them to you. Even if you don't normally like them, you should order them because they are soft, sweet, and perfectly baked. They come with three different homemade mustards and are delish. I had the papardelle with mushrooms. Too many mushrooms, but I gobbled up all the noodles. BF ate the sliders. Although the waitress said they were the house specialty, they looked a bit boring to me. We had the philly cheese steak dumplings as a split appetizer. I didn't really like them, but I think thats because I'm not a fan of philly cheese steaks in the first place. Overall, I'm still giving this place 5 stars for a knowledgeable waitress, cool decorations (they have a photobooth!), neat view of TI, and artful/unique styling of american food.
4	Went here for a late-night snack after a rather disappointing experience at Lavo.  At least their yummy food and cocktails perked us up quite a bit!We got some of their prime rib tacos and an order of fries.  The fries were pretty good and a little cheesey (parmesan?).  We then got some of their philly cheeseteak dumplings which were also pretty yummy.  The waiter also brought us some free pretzels (which we didn't ask for but didn't mind at all).  I wasn't too into the mustard dipping sauces (not a big fan of mustard in general) but it was free so no complaints from me.  We got some starch and some meat, so we were happy, full campers by the end of the meal.  The cocktails that were a little on the sweet side, but at least got rid of my dessert craving!  The meal didn't blow me away, but it hit the spot and good to have when you have few options late at night and are too lazy to get out of the hotel.  Not bad, not bad at all...
5	This is a great place to catch a late evening meal afterhours. It almost has a club feel itself with the music blasting and the lights dimmed to a "comfortable" but not quite naughty setting. There's a great diverse menu with a creative flair of traditional bar food. Wether you go for the Philly cheesesteak dumplings or the lollipop buffalo wings you're bound to score a home run. Perfect for take out (if you're staying at the Venetian) or just lounging and winding the night down.  The staff is very friendly and attentive and strives to make you feel relaxed and at home.  Wonderful place to cap the night!
5	Great new addition to Palazzo. They have a very inventive menu with great options and takes on fusion American food. I also love that it is open very very late. Many hotels just have their hotel cafe open late, but the availability of the great food and atmosphere at First are great. It has a nice decor and atmosphere, carefully prepared food and a great vibe. It's also not too expensive.One note is that their sliders are supposed to be famous but they weren't anything special. The other entrees were better!
5	Duuuudeeeeeeeeee this place was soooooo good! This restaurant presents itself as a upscale diner of sorts, more like gourmet bar food. When you walk in, the place looks a bit casual but the food is far from it. We had a very friendly waiter take care of our table and then we ordered. The menu has classic American fare with hints of Italian. If you are afraid of butter then dont order the pastas. Ok here it goes:1) Pasta with Mushrooms- HEAVEN in a plate with giant fat noodles2) Pork pasta- A bit too much smoky flavor but still delicious3) Grandma pizza- crispy and light. Very nice. 4) Mozzerella Appetizer- AWESOME. Little portions of mozzerella with different toppings from tampenade to balsamic. 5) Truffle Mac and cheese- You wont believe me when I say it was so light and deeeeelish6) Seafood pasta- lots of garlicy goodness7) Watermelon salad- tasty but nothing toooo specialAs for the drinks, our bride to be had a cotton candy martini which was tasty but very colorful. They pour the drink over a piece of cotton candy. Sugarrr highhhhAll in all, it was an extremely satisfying meal that was easy on the wallet. Their portions seem small, but are so flavorful that towards the end you realize you couldnt possibly have eaten any more. I will definately be back.
5	The last place we went to before leaving Vegas was First... and yes, we ended up saving the best for last! If you want to be a complete glutton, and get the most bang for your buck, you must put First on your list of restaurants to hit up in Vegas.It's only been open for about two months, so we actually just stumbled upon it while we were on our way out of The Shoppes at Palazzo. We were drawn in by the really cool space, and their touch screen menu outside posted extremely appealing inexpensive gourmet comfort food options. Once inside, we got seated at one of the large booths looking out onto the Strip, so we had a perfect view of the pirate show across the street at TI. Instead of plain old bread, we were brought pretzels that came with three dipping sauces. If you want, they offer a $5 cheese fondue to go with it. Our server, Carolyn, was awesome, and gave us recommendations on the food and drinks. We decided to start off with the Mojito Lamb Chops which were topped with Mint glaze, 151 and lime and torched at the table. We were impressed with the three thick cuts, and they were perfectly medium-rare. For entrees, I had the wide papardelle pasta with a heaping portion of forest mushrooms in a delicious truffle butter sauce. My guy had the Sesame Miso Glazed Salmon topped with seaweed salad on a bed of sticky rice, which was fantastic. The presentation was beautiful and the salmon was nice and flaky. For dessert, we indulged in the chocolate bar (which tasted like a 100 Grand as an ice cream bar) and the donut sundae... mmm... donut. For cocktails, I highly recommend the Cotton Candy Kiss (Grey Goose, elderflower, vanilla, pineapple, cranberry), especially if you're a sweet tooth. It's such a pretty cocktail, and even the presentation is lovely! The martini glass is rimmed with crushed Life Savers and comes with a blue fluff of cotton candy. The liquor is poured over it when it's brought to the table. The awesome thing is that they are open late, and I mean really late. They have a special late night menu from 1am-4am Sun-Wed and 1am-6am Th-Sat.This place would be amazing in the Mission in SF -- foodie hipsters would flock here... I hope they open one up there!!
5	This was the last place we ate and I wish we had discovered it sooner.  They have great innovative twists on American classics.  It was fund and a great atmosphere.  We had dinner after a show during the week and it was loud but still fun.  The portions are huge so I recommend splitting entrees or taking some home.  Because the entrees are so big this place offers a really good value as well.  Either way everyone should give this place a try for at least one meal in vegas.  Oh yea did I mention the views of the strip are excellent, recommend a seat by the window.
5	The best restaurant on the strip hands down!  Because the other reviews are so lengthy I will try and keep mine short. 1. The s'mores where to die for. I know, s'mores?  But, my God, my sister and I wanted to go back the next day for them.  We devoured them, the brownie underneath was done to perfection and the marshmallows were toasty brown.2. The Vietnamese Tacos were fantastic. The healthiest thing I had while I was in Vegas for a week, and by far the best thing I ate all week!4. My sister had the mini-sliders and they were just as good. :)5. We had a fantastic view of the strip, specifically Treasure Island.6. Our waiter, runners, and host staff were truly nice.And finally, this doesn't happen a lot, but the Chef and the Pastry chef came out to talk with us and they were so incredibly nice.  They spent a bit of time telling us about the different things on the menu and just chatting, which just made our day!  They are kindest people.So Go, you won't regret it! Also, the Chef told us about the Sunday Brunch. Can't remember the exact deal, but something about a really cheap all you drink champagne brunch!  Can't beat that!
5	Almost everything on the lunch menu was $12.90.  My girlfriend and I got salads, mine with tuna, hers with lamb.  It was surprising how good they were.  It was the best food we had all weekend.My only complaint is that I could have eaten more, but then again, if i wanted a more filling dish, I shouldn't have ordered a salad.
5	I was hungry after shopping at the Forum Shops, so my boyfriend and I originally sought out some rand-o food court across the street.  It smelled like feet.  So we booked it out of there quick and wandered into First.We both decided to get the filet mignon and mushroom crepe meal.  And we were not disappointed.  The steak is perfectly cooked and my knife slid into the meat like butter.  Yum.  And you get two hunks of filet mignon and two mushroom crepes with a deliciously rich cream sauce.  And this plate is only $18.  No, it's not a bargain itself per se, but for not one but TWO beautiful cuts filet mignon - hell yes, that's cheap!Great service and great food! :)
5	My wife and I went in on a Sunday night around 11:00 pm.  We had already ate dinner, but wanted dessert.  I saw the reviews here on Yelp and decided it was worth the walk from the Encore (1 block...not a big fan of walking). We were treated like a king and queen even though they knew we were there just for dessert.  Our waiter "Dan" was great.  He told us about everything on the menu, history of the establishment, and what his personal favorites were. We asked more questions than the average couple. He had no problem answering and being attentive. Ask for Dan......great service!We ordered the "Doughnut Sundae" and the "Strawberry Velvet Cake."  The doughnuts were cooked upon order topped with ice cream and drenched in chocolate. Amazing!  The Strawberry Velvet cake was awesome as well.We loved this place so much, we came back the next night for dinner with friends.  I ordered a Newcastle but ended up getting a Fat Tire since they were out. Three quarters into the Fat Tire, I was brought a Newcastle by the Manager. He found one in the back and didn't even charge me for it. Niece had a "Cotton Candy Kiss."  A martini glass rimmed with crushed with life saver candy and brought to the table with a big fluff of cotton candy in it.  At the table, our waiter poured the drink over the Cotton Candy and it dissolved making a sweet, but amazing drink.  Rueben Tacos.....only 3 of them, but with potatoe pancakes as the soft taco shell, you can't beat it.  The Paparadelle pasta....excellent. Scallops....excellent. Miso Salmon.....excellent.  They also serve breakfast until 4:20pm........You can read into that if you want.Highly suggest this place for any meal. I will make it a must visit every time we are in LV.
4	Kentucky Fried Pork Chop with Georgia peaches and cream.  Downed with red or white Sangria.  Enough said. One of the best values I've seen on the strip in a long time with all dishes very reasonably priced.
4	For inexpensive yet nice place to have a casual dining go to First Food and Bar. In my opinion the place is in the same tier as cheesecake factory and level above than TGIF. Whether our group looked a bit too Asian but the server right away suggested lamb dumplings. It was funny but the dumplings were tasty. I ordered catch of the day which was decent. The mini burgers looked delish. My girlfriend ordered spaghetti with meatball which did not look pretentious. The interior is nice and plush. Good place to catch up with friends over a drink and bar food.
5	This has to be my all time favorite restaurant in Vegas and possible all time favorite restaurant ever! I just love, love, love the concept of this restaurant. Picture a rock star having a baby with Wolfgang Puck and you get this little gem of a place. This place will not set you back $200 and it is totally non pretentious a plus in my book. But the view alone is worth much more than the meal, with an off the strip view of TI and the hustle and bustle of the strip. It had a great ambiance and music; it was so great hearing rock/alternative music instead of the BS elevator music or house music at other restaurants First is definitely the place to go to before going out to one of the many ultra clubs on the strip. The menu is huge and they serve breakfast, lunch, dinner, and late night bites. The entire menu is so inventive and had combinations only a food genius would think of. The prices are fairly inexpensive with nothing over $20 and the majority of the plates between $10-15. I started of the meal with you guessed it a cocktail, I ordered the Cotton Candy Kiss. They serve this sweet concoction with a dollop of fluffy cotton candy in a martini glass and they pour the alcoholic elixir over the cotton candy. Not only is the cocktail tasty, they left the shaker they mixed the alcohol in at the table, so in essence it was pretty much drinking 2 1/2 glasses of sweet perfection. First Food & Bar was also the first place that I saw pretzels being served in lieu of the boring bread stick. The pretzels came with three dipping sauces, including honey mustard, a vinaigrette, and another sauce I can't think of. We started our meal with the Mojito Lamb Chops, which is lamb chops set ablaze with 151 and finished with a mint glaze. Soooo goood, flavorful and tender. This had to be the greatest lamb dish ever! We also ordered the Lobster Roll, which had huge buttery chunks of lobster on flaky buttery bread. This thing was addicting and I mean drool-like addiction. We finished the meal with what else inventive, but donuts. These were cake-like and fried to perfection and also came with three dipping sauces, caramel, chocolate and raspberry. I am seriously in love and infatuated with this restaurant. I think I might need some help. Two words that I will say only once is: "GO HERE". It's that awesome!
4	I quickly ordered to-go w/ Tiph because I was anxious to get back to our Palazzo suite *wink wink*.  I got a cheeseburger, onion rings, truffle mac n cheese.  The cheesburger was above average.  The onion rings were great and still crispy when I got back to our room.  The truffle mac n' cheese was AMAZING; some of the best mac n' cheese I've ever hand.  And I eat a lot of mac n' cheese.Overall, great late night food in Vegas.  Forget room service, go here.  I definately plan on going there the next time I go to Vegas and hopefully try their drinks.-Jeff
3	Maybe like 2nd or 3rd, but not 1st.I really liked the concept of the place. Very chill, cool, LA-esque vibe resto at the uber fancy Palazzo. The location is in a far corner of the Palazzo. Go towards the Barneys and find a hallway and First is the only thing there.It wasn't busy at all since it was a Tuesday night so we got a table by the window which gave us a great view of TI (and the stupid pirate show) and the super bright Palazzo big screen sign.The free pretzels were cold. And salty.I ordered the cuban sandwich. Greasey. But I liked the abundance of pickles in the sandwich and the side of them.The gf ordered the grandma pizza. Ehh.Highlight of the evening was the $1 photo booth by the bar.
5	I like the trendy low key feel of this place. And the few isn't bad either of the Palazzo and T.IPhilly cheesesteaks in a potsticker? Unique. Girls ask for the cotton candy kiss.This place gets 5 stars for the uniquenss of the menu and drinks. It's hard to stand out in the restaurants on the strip but this place does a fantastic job of it. Also I tried their duck and was great. Oh yeah You get a free pretzel, eh, but a nice place overall.
1	With no ill regard intended to my fellow yelpers, this place is marginal at best. If previous reviews had a time stamp, I think it would read something like drunk-thirty. How else could this place rate 4 or 5 stars?In a nutshell... Service bordered on painfully slow and food was just a notch above McDonald's. Throw ridciulous prices in for diner food (and YES, I know it's in the Palazzo), and you get one star. I give it one ONLY because it is very cool looking inside.My fiance and I ate lunch there over this past weekend. We sat at the bar, as we typically like quicker service. Oops! That was a mistake when the bartender has to cover both the bar and the entire lounge area. And let's just say the bartender wasn't speedy gonzalez. Not all of it was his fault though. The Mensa designers of that place made it architecturally impossible for him to make quick transitions from behind the bar to the open lounge. He actually has to open a full sized man door, trudge through some unknown corridor, and emerge through another full sized man door before being free. I envision some sort of Shining like shrub maze inside, based on the time it took him to make the journey.I obviously wasn't the only one who didn't appreciate his time trials. Several tables left before even being greeted, though I'm not sure it even registered with him. If it did, I would have thought he would call the manager over to send him help. I saw two of those people he could have yelled to. Still not sure what their job was, other than to walk around oblivious to the poor service being rendered.As for the food... Had the cuban sandwich with a side of mac and cheese. Cuban was juicy (read: sloppy) and reeked of mayonnaise. Guess that hid the real taste of the single slice of meat inside. The mac and cheese was weak with fake crumbles on top. The truffle oil was a nice touch, but I think the chef needs to review his recipe. It seems like he forgot that it is mac and CHEESE.So the next time I find myself hammered and looking for a cool place to hang out, I will surely consider First. Perhaps a little alcohol induced brain damage is exactly what it takes to part with another $40 for a sandwich, side and two drinks.
4	Solid lunch option as my brother and I tried this place out after tiring of the endless buffets in Vegas.  For appetizer, we had the Philly Cheesesteak Dumplings with Sriracha Ketchup... and interesting and tasty take on the traditional fare...For my main course, I had the Truffle Mac n Cheese (omg yum) along with the Pastrami Reuben Tacos (pastrami, sauerkraut, gruyere, potato pancake).  Very very yummy in my tummy.
4	On Sundays they serve brunch until around 4, I think. Their brunch menu is a little limited compared to their regular menu, but still offers some great dishes. This is far from fine-dining, so don't come here expecting to be blown away by the creativity or presentation of the food. What it does offer, however, is bar/diner food kicked up a notch.Donuts: I guess for brunch they start you off w/ donuts instead of pretzel bread. I can't complain because the donuts were great.Mini burgers: 4 big sliders. The meat was tender and delicious and the bread was heavily buttered and chewy. The side order of parmesan shoestring fries was really good -- crispy and addictive.Patty melt: What a great sandwich! Lots of flavor with the truffled mayo, mushrooms, and brie. The bread was amazing. It's a big sandwich also. I could only finish half of it.Pork egg rolls: It came with 4 pieces of egg rolls deep-fried and topped w/ some slaw. The pork wasn't very tender and it was a little too spicy for me but still a decent dish.As other reviews have mentioned, the space is cool and trendy and provides a good view of Treasure Island and the north part of the strip.
5	Had dinner here a while back. Our server, Shay was very attentive and knowledgeable. The food was very good and freshly made. There were a few things that really impressed me 1. My truffle pappardelle was delicious, and only $13 2. The music playing was very cool. 3. Their wine list is priced WAY below strip standards. 4. Overall great setting. They are kind of tucked away from the hotel, so I hope that the place does well. I certainly will recommend it to everyone.
4	Wow, I have to say I was impressed! First Food and Bar is a darkly-lit, lounge-type of restaurant, with a large panoramic window overlooking the Strip, tucked away in an odd wing of the Palazzo.  When we walked up, we were seated immediately.  My friend and I were in quite a hurry, but the service was prompt.  We had two different servers, it seemed like, but we only saw one at a time.  Normally this would make it so that we'd have to repeat ourselves to get our real meal, but they worked in tandem pretty well, so no complaints in that department.  Since I had to go to work, I didn't partake of anything alcoholic, and instead got a bottled soda that was good, but entirely over-priced.  I should've stuck to water.  But food!  Oh the food.  The menu was like what you'd see at a hole-in-the-wall bar, but with much more upscale (and dare I say, creative) ingredients.  We were treated to a free piece of pretzel bread, along with three different kinds of mustard.  Each was delicious in its own way, and very-well complemented the pretzel bread.  I cannot concur with my fellow yelpers about the freshness (or lack thereof) of the pretzel.  This was the right mix of chewy and soft that you expect from a salty pretzel.  Maybe the people who weren't impressed expected an Auntie Anne's style pretzel-shaped soft-breadstick?  We had the Philly Cheesesteak Dumplings, and they were great.  A great and unique combination, and very creative.  I recommend those.  For the entree, I had the filet, with mushroom and crepes, and I absolutely loved it.  The meat was cooked exactly as I wanted it, and the mushrooms were earthy and sweet, and worked well with the crepes.  I wanted to lick the plate at the end after all that!  And for a paltry $18.99, probably one of the cheapest filets I've ever had.  The most distracting thing was the huge, bright, Palazzo advertising sign which kept shining into the building the whole night.  We got our check quickly, and left with a smile.  I liked it!  Overall, if you want a nice upscale but casual place to take some friends for a chat and some drinks, First is a great place to go.  Be prepared to spent a bit more than you would for regular bar food, but this bar food is far from regular!
4	Connie suggested that we come here as our last meal before leaving the party town that is Las Vegas, and it was a great suggestion!We had the Cotton Candy Kiss, which is a delicious cocktail served in a martini glass rimmed with crushed life savers.  There's a piece of blue cotton candy in the glass, and you pour your own martini shaker of delicious liquor over it.  They give you a nice helping (about 1.5 glasses worth) of liquor so it's a pretty good deal for $12 not to mention deliciously sweet.They brought out these pretzels when we sat down at our booth overlooking the strip.  There were 3 dipping mustards.  It was super delicious and perfectly paired with our Cotton Candy Kisses.The wait staff were all super nice.For entree I had the special beef cut (for whatever reason I was craving steak all weekend).  It was a cut of NY with a red wine chive butter on top.  It was slightly overdone for my medium rare (it was closer to medium) and not quite salty enough.  It came with a side of your choice and I went with the mac and cheese with truffle oil which tasted plastic-ie.  IF I was judging this place solely on this dish they would have gotten a 2.5 star.  In retrospect though I probably should have ordered the pappardelle instead. Overall, along with awesome company, great drinks, good service and beautiful view, 4 stars.
5	Came here again this weeked with some girlfriends. I thought it would be important to note that we experienced some horrible service in the bar area by a waitress who thought we were not good enough for her time, clearly. When we told the manager he brought our bride-to be a Cotton Candy Kiss martini ( YUMMY) on the house. The server and busboys were fantastic. Once again, the Parpadelle Pasta was to die for! We ordered two!We also tried the mozerella sampler and the quesadilla which were all basically one bite for each person. I really like the fun, casual environment with great food. I will definately come again. Manager even gave us Buy one Drink and get the other free for our next visit :)
4	Best mini burgers ever and Fat Tire on tap.  How can you go wrong?
4	We went here back in October and I forgot to come back and write my review. I'm giving it 4 stars based on my feelings that it was 4.5 or 5 but my hubby thought more like a 3. He wasn't impressed. I actually really liked my cotton candy martini drink - it was very very sweet and pretty original I thought. Try it. The bartender really wasn't very friendly at all though. Our waitress on the other hand was super nice and really cool about us asking questions about the menu. We had a cool booth over by the window which had an awesome view of TI and the Venetian. I enjoyed and liked my food. It was pretty big servings. We had the cheesesteak dumplings and those were yummy. The pretzels they bring out are tasty, too. Being from Philly we didn't think the pretzels or the cheesesteak dumplings were "that" out of this world though. We didn't have room for dessert so we didn't have any.  Overall it was a cool place. They had The Office on all the Tvs, too, which was a plus!
5	oh my...i can't believe i didn't write a review about FIRST. i always stay at venetian or palazzo and i try my best to go to a new restaurant every time i'm in vegas, but i ALWAYS end up going to first for dinner or a late night fix. the food is so good, the service rocks, and the atmosphere is awesome. i definitely recommend this restaurant for dinner and/or late night!
4	Good food for a late night bite not like a dennys or  late night carrows.  U feel good in the morning after eating this food so late at night wont give you bubble guts!  But what can u say we VEGAS BABY!!
3	My friends and I randomly stopped by First Food & Bar for lunch and were pleasantly surprised.  The staff was friendly and the food was presented with a bit of flare.  We shared warm soft pretzels and some truly amazing (but perhaps slightly overpriced) Philly cheesesteak dumplings.  The rest of the food was pretty standard as far as taste goes, although the food did have a bit of an interesting twist to it (like the pastrami reuben tacos).  The only con to our visit was that for some reason my friend was unable to order a mixed drink.  The waiter wasn't able to give her a very good reason why, but we were already eating our apps at that point and just made the best of it.
4	cool bar, good bar snacks as well as food. kind of tucked away in the shoppes.
4	After reading Connie C.'s review and seeing "mojito lamb chops" on the menu, I was fully intrigued and sucked in. Yes, you read that right...MOJITO. LAMB. CHOPS.Quite the new swanky scene in Vegas. Dim lights, upbeat tunes, gorgeous view of the strip...I was saddened to have had to leave early to meet a friend who landed a bit earlier than expected. However, we were able to stay long enough to enjoy my 1.5 glass of Cotton Candy Kiss. It was amusing watching the waiter pour the drink into my martini glass filled with a fluff of pink cotton candy as it melted away into red liquid courage. With an abundant amount of crushed Lifesaver candy coated around the rim, each sip was full of fruity sweetness. Perfectly portioned Grey Goose and juices, the drink delivered an awesome kick without the jolting taste of alcohol. Loved it!Our waiter understood our situation and packed everything to go without any hesitation. Literally running back to our room so the food wouldn't get cold, we unpacked everything with a fork in hand and chowed down with the quickness.The mojito lamb chops lived up to their reputation! Blanketed with a minty lime glaze, each bite was packed with intense flavor. I found the meat to be a tad tough, but I enjoyed the non-gamy taste of the lamb. With 3 fairly large cuts, this could be served more as an entree than an appetizer. Highly recommended to anyone who swings by First Food & Bar.Accompanied with a side order of truffle mac and cheese, this was a delicious first meal in Vegas. Prices are very reasonable considering LV is known for raping everyone's wallet in every possible way. I hope to come back next time and stay long enough to enjoy the ambiance and full experience.
3	After searching around online for a good burger spot, decided to check this place out.  Their popular item on the menu are the sliders, which will run a hole in your wallet at $17.77.  An additional $7 for fries.  I'm in Vegas, okay fine, I guess.  The burgers arrive and I take my first bite and they were pretty good.  Almost like a warm, beautiful White Castle burger fresh, not frozen, but the sauce they put in there tops it off just right.  An order comes with four sliders and all done perfectly, well done.  The fries are ordinary, nothing special here.  Oh, I almost forgot they serve fresh, warm pretzels to start off.  Served with three different types of mustards.  Overall, an expensive meal, but I had to check this place out from all the reviews.  Would I come back?  More than likely not because the prices are a tad high.  The sliders are good though and I recommend them for anyone who appreciates a good burger.
5	I liked this place. I was pretty drunk when I came here and so were my other friends so I was feeling like a pizza. I know, weird right??I ordered the margherita pizza (just tomato, cheese, basil) and the others ordered prime rib. Overall it was a satisfying meal and they really liked the prime rib.
5	ok.. great place for late night or lunch! food was delicious and service was great. Very new american and lil fusion. We ordered like 6 plates for 2 ppl, so was extremely full, but did finish most of the food haha
4	My friends and I have developed a new system for our trips to Vegas. Instead of making a list of all the places where we can get drunk, we have lists of where we plan to grub.First Food & Bar was definitely a place we wanted to try, especially since a friend of ours went ahead and tried the place and not only gave it a good review, sent tantalizing pictures.First Food is located inside between the Palazo and the Venetian along the gondala canal. Right next to the Barney's New York store on the second level of the Palazo.Our party of 4 got seated in a booth along the window facing the strip and the big Palazo marquee. The view was great and definitely added to the ambiance of restaurant. Since it was a Sunday night, we didn't indulge in any cocktails. Our friend (the junky one that went here before the rest of us) did mention the cotton candy cocktail, which is backed up by many yelpers here.My friend and I were ready to have a realy grub moment so we each got an appetizer. I went with the yelpers choice of "Mojito Lamb Chops" and my friend went with the huge bacon wrapped shrimp.The lamp chops are flambeed table side when they serve it, so there definitely is a "wow" factor. I did a pieced of the lamb chop back into the sauce after it was served and wow...it most definitely has 151 in it!The bacon wrapped shrimp was perfect and if I do say so myself, LA can use some bacon wrapped shrimp carts next to the hot dog ones outside of clubs and sporting events!For the main course I got the Shrimp Diablo, and my friends got Cubano sandwich, and the Trout respectively. The shrimp diablo was served with eggplant which make my mouth absolutely happy! The heat from the sauce was a perfect blend of spice but not too hot that you would need a pitcher of water to calm our burnt taste buds.My friends were pretty happy with their choices..but I think it was dessert that pushed us over the edge. I decided to do a throw back to my childhood and ordered the push pop (yes just like the ones with the flintstone characters on it), while my friends went with the molten chocolate cake, and the s'mores,The push pop was, well a push pop. It was a very tangy sorbet that really cleansed my palate after eating very savory food. The molten cake was pure chocolate goodness. The s'mores on the other hand...just fucking amazing. The graham crackers on the bottom could have been a little more moist, but ugh..the whole thing was just too amazing. The toasted marshmallows on top..just made my mouth happy!Overall I would give this place a 3.5 but with a photobooth located inside it's bumped up to a 4. We had two different servers help us and they were absolutely great. One of them didn't really know all the components of a dish and rather than bullshit us he went and asked - awesome! Definitely stop by if you are in Vegas and looking for some good eats before doing whatever it is you do in Vegas :)
4	i've tried first a few times now - for the most part - i likey ! it ain't cheap ( wtf is in palazzo ! ? ) , It ain't convenient - can they put it any farther away from the casino ??? It ain't high quality food but for me, the place works for what it is - need some filler, decent music, babes for the guys, muscle boys for the ladies, ice cold beer - why i keep ordering  Pabst is beyond me but again, some fond memories of drinking on the cheap in the high school /college days ( do they still make Hamm's ?? ) i've tried the tacos ( catfish, the pork and the lamb ) the 666 burger , skinny fries, onion rings, sliders, duck, etc . i loved the pretzel's with the dipping sauces that they serve at dinner - the dipping sauces ain't the best - but it works for me ! the key - make sure you bring some $$ and don' t take the place very seriously.
4	Wonderful little place -- kinda funky and fun.  I had the spinach and salmon salad -- amazing. Highly recommend getting it.  My girlfriend had the truffle mac and pizza.  Very good.
4	I was in town with my girlfriends and found this restaurant from Yelp. After a weekend of drinking we wanted something hearty like steak and potatoes. From the moment we walked in the service was great. Our waiter was very knowledgeable and gave recommendations when we asked him. We actually went with all of his recommendations and ordered:- Filet Mignon with chanterelle mushrooms and garlic mashed potatoes- Citrus Endive Salad- Thai Skewer Wraps- Tofee brownie with doughnut battered top layerAsk for a booth by the wind0w, has a great view of the strip. I also thought that the fresh pretzels served with 3 kinds of mustard dip was tastier than your traditional bread. Perfect place to get great food at a reasonable price in a casual setting.
5	I loooove this place!Been here twice and both GREAT experiences...First had brunch here a couple weeks ago, and we were a happy bunch to say the least... they had an all you can drink champagne brunch for $18.00 i think... i honestly can't remember right now (=P) but it was pretty cheap and the food we got was insanely HUGE! They started us out first with freshly made mini donettes.. and lemme just say how much i LOOOOOVEEEE mini donettes, mini donuts people not donut holes. =)  AND THE MEAL:  i had a steak salad.. and it looked more like an open faced steak sandwich. . . believe me, it was delicious none the less.  of course i sampled everyone else's food ... chopped salad = my fav, french toast with fruit = YAY, and there was one more dish and it was delicious but.... the mimosas' have permanently erased it from my mind for some reason.  2nd time around, was over this past weekend for dinner with my bf and my cousins... and being the boys that they are... i was worried about them getting enough food in their tummies and was seriously considering a nasty buffet over this. good thing i didn't pick the buffet.  Our meal started with a pitcher of strawberry margarita (Y-U-M-M-MY), the philly cheesesteak dumplings and pulled pork eggrolls - small in size but it was an appetizer so was perfect to begin the meal off with.  Entree's: Filet Mignon, Linguine & clams, BBq Brisket with cheesy grits,  Grilled Salmon & Citrus salad, Tuna Au Poivre, and Shrimp with an Eggplant pasta situation ( can't remember).  Everything we had at the table with very delicious, well seasoned, perfectly cooked.  The service was absolutely great both times... never had an empty water glass or champagne flute =) Our waiters constantly checked up on us to see if we needed anything else which earned them big tips =). The music was great and we had a beautiful view of the strip from our booth... so definitely get a booth if you find urself here.I would definitely recommend this place, and has made a true fan out of me. =)  I will be back to enjoy you again. =)
4	Went here last night for the first time.  I requested a table near the window so we could see the strip- and they delivered!I ordered a cosmopolitan... it was actually kinda sour.  Which, I think is better than being too sweet!  It was random.After you order, they bring soft pretzels to your table with 3 mustard dipping sauces.  Very good!Ordered:Filet Mignon- with mushroom crepe and poor man's porcinni-two out of the four of us ordered this.  Pretty good for $20 and if you like mushrooms, you'll like this!-BLTA- Bacon-Lettuce-Tomato-Acacado sandwich.  Was HUGE!  I swear it was like a footlong sandwich and looked OH soo good!  The guy that ordered it said it was the BEST!-Rainbow Trout- my husband ordered this and said it was "ehhh" he wouldn't have ordered it again.I think they change their menu around and add different sides, etc. to their dishes.I heard you HAVE to try the donuts- next time for sure.You left there filling full but not gross full.OH!  They have a photo booth there you can take pictures in.  Kinda  cool place...if you can find it.  Its on the second floor of The Shoppes at the Palazzo.  Ask someone how to get there if you aren't familiar.
4	This place definitely deserves a 4.5.I don't know whether it was because I was finally out in Vegas on my own or because it was the first meal that wasn't a mouth-stuffing buffet meal, but this place is pretty much awesome.  A modern decor, but casual and not stuffy with a great view of the strip.  I find this place to be very appealing.The hostess and waiter was very friendly and offered us soft pretzels with three different types of mustard dipping sauces.  Interesting, but I only liked one of the dipping sauces.A friend who lived in Vegas recommended the Philly cheese steak dumplings, and he was definitely right about them.  Not your typical Chinese-fare pork dumplings, but it comes in the same shape and style as a potsticker, but with Philly steak and cheese filling on the inside.  Crispy, tasty, and a mouthful of hot yummy goodness.  It is rather pricey for 5 pieces ($14, I think), but hey, it's Vegas, splurge a little!  This was followed up with Vietnamese chicken skewer tacos, wrapped in lettuce instead of a tortilla.  It was sort of messy because of the sauce and the chunks of chicken were falling out, but still good.  Cold crisp lettuce and pieces of juicy chicken.  It's sort of like a chicken lettuce wrap, really.For a drink, I had Rick's spark plug, which is some sort of hard liquor in a shot of espresso.  That woke me up.  Whoo.One last thing. $1 photobooth that almost instantaneously gives you your pictures.  No paying $5 and waiting around for like, 15 minutes for a strip of photos!  Yayyy.
4	Service:Excellent from the moment we stepped foot in the restaurant. The staff is super attentive and welcoming. Greg, our server, deserves an A+ (and a raise) for making our dining experience such a pleasant one. He even packed extra pretzels for us in a doggie bag so we can munch on them after the late night festivities!Food:FIRST serves mainly comfort food (think mac n' cheese, pizza, steak) that have been slightly refined. The complimentary pretzels are too salty for our taste but everything else was fairly on point.The most memorable dish is the mojito lamb chops for appetizer. The dish was finished off at the table; the chops were doused with a mint sauce and Barcadi 151 and then lit with a match. It wasn't fireworks but definitely made our dining experience more interesting. Grilled swordfish came with a wasabi-flavored sauce that was a bit pungent for the nose but the texture of the fish was perfect. The Papardelle with forest mushrooms... it literally had a forest of mushrooms! It was a fantastic pasta to mushroom ratio because I'm a mushroom fiend. The truffle butter was a nice touch but gave the dish too much oil for my liking. Price:Very reasonable considering FIRST is on the Strip and in the Palazzo. 2 glasses of wine + 1 appetizer + 2 entrees + 1 dessert came out to $95. $15 for 3 pieces of lamb chops as appetizer is a bit steep but they were delicious so they justify the price... almost.  Ambiance:Modern and clean lines with a pop of color here and there. The high ceiling and ginormous windows overlooking the Strip make the space appear industrial but still has a welcoming feeling. Definitely casual but can be a fun place for a gathering with friends or for a low-key dinner with a special someone.Besides the mojito lamb chops, the dinner wasn't extraordinary. But Greg our server made it so much more memorable and enjoyable! Thanks Greg!
2	The White Bean Soup was good. I recommend it. However (don't ya hate when a sentence starts with 'however'?)... However, the Chopped Salad was just plain strange. You may assume you're getting a typical chopped salad with an interesting twist, falafal croutons, when you order this salad, but instead you get a salad heavily loaded with capers and pepperoncini slivers. Do you know how hard it is to pick capers and pepperoncini slivers out of a chopped salad? (Answer:  impossible). Now I'm all for gettin' all California fusion with salad ingredients, but neither of these items are mentioned on the menu (only the aforementioned falafal croutons). When my server asked me how I liked it, I said, " Gee, that was a lot of capers," and he said, "Yah, I don't like capers." Then I had to wonder, why the f didn't this guy mention something when I ordered the damn salad? Perhaps he could have said, "It's a great salad, if you like capers" or "It's a surprisingly spicy salad because of all those  slivered pepperoncinis in there" or SOMETHING!  Oh, and one other bit of bad news.  We had five people at dinner, and four entrees came out 10 minutes before the fifth one, which was a pizza which was burnt pretty crispy.  If they'd pulled it out of the oven and served it with the other entrees, it wouldn't have been burnt.  Given that, 2 stars might be generous. If you're in the Pallazo or the Venetian, eat at Sushi Samba.  It's fantastic.
4	My wife saw a piece in the LA Times about the restaurant's hamburgers and we decided to stop in for lunch and give it a try.  The restaurant is off the beaten track which we really liked.  We ordered the 4 sliders and onion rings which we split and had plenty to eat for lunch.  Everything was delicious.  We saw others order the homemade donuts with dipping sauces that looked yummy, but we were too full to order them.  We definitely would go back.
4	First Food & Bar... the place upon entry was very nice, upbeat, and with a nice view of the strip and the passer by's below in front of the Palazzo. Dont forget to snap a few pics in the photo booth located in the center of the restaurant floor for some memories. Our server Brian, a real delight with his personality and his witty attitude with the ability to make you converse rather than the old standard blah service (very friendly). Our table had a variety of dished the Wild Mushroom pasta, trout over corn bread, linguini and clams, scallops, and the crispy oysters for the starter. Before anything came out we were offered cocktails which my standard 7&7 came out a bit heavy on the soda side but we arent perfect. The bread brought to the table was a pretzel plate followed by a number of mustard sauces that was tasty when warm, but while cooled got a bit tough for my liking, but an interesting concept idea. When the oysters hit the table they were gorgeous as the presentation was on point and was backed up with an incredibly light and crisp flavor not only from the fried oyster but the shredded cucumber, carrots, and radish that topped it with a hint of wasabi mayo... quite tasty. The order came with 4 but i could have eaten a dozen myself. The main dished hit the table and looked incredible from the start, my mushrooms were incredibly tender and the sauce would have made cardboard edible. I tried the trout with cornbread and it too was not a disappointment as the crispy skin and sweet cornbread mix went well together and made for a solid plate of food. The linguini and scallops although i did not taste them at my table, my party was more than pleased with the food flavors, style, and portions. Our dinner with tax and tip came out to just about $140 for a party of 4, 3 with cocktails, and an appetizer for Las Vegas standards the atmosphere, service and quality of food thats actually not too bad of a night out. I will say we ate a late dinner at approximately 9:30 or so, so the traffic from dinner was obviously died down a bit which was nice as we did not have to wait for a table. So that might have helped the experience a bit. One point of disappointment was the lack of DJ that was suppose to be there from 10pm to the early morning hours. Michael Toast was the Tuesday night name on the card and he is a local favorite for myself so missing him was the only down side other than my under spiked 7&7. Its worth a look folks for an edgy design and atmosphere to the tasty creations on the plate... i can safely say 9 times out of 10 you should leave pleased.
3	I went to First Food and Bar with my sister after hearing about it on yelp. The place seemed cool so we decided to check it out for dinner one night randomly. I got the cotton candy martini which was good. I especially liked the crushed candies on the rim and the fact that they give you the shaker with the excess alcohol to add more to your drink. My sister and I shared the sliders and an order of fries. The sliders were kinda messy and the buns seemed fresh out of the bag from the grocery store. I think I expected the quality to be better especially if I'm paying $17 for 4 sliders. The fries had parmesan and garlic on them and were great. Overall the food was okay. Our server was nice and the guy that brought our pretzels and water was funny and personable. I don't think I would come back. I had much higher expectations for this restaurant but the food was kind of lack luster.
4	Hidden treasure inside the Palazzo.  After going up the escalator in the back of the hotel, then through a long hall, we made it to our dinner destination.  I initially made reservations a few hours before for a party of 16...but then had to change it to 8 last minute.  They were able to accommodate quickly and efficiently.  8 is a great number.  They sat us near the front at an elevated table with high stool-chairs.  It looks SO nice inside!  Dimly lit with sparkly lights and large windows to gaze outside onto the glamour that is the Vegas strip.  Reasonably priced for the yummy-quality food and pleasant service.~ Complimentary appetizer : Ginormous pretzels served with 3 different dipping sauces (buttery dip and 2 different mustards?) WOW, these were salty... but nothing a little rub down couldn't fix.  The salt flakes come right off so we were still able to enjoy them.  Plus, they were freee!!  ~ Famous Lollipop Buffalo Wings : spicy and succulent.  The bone on the end was shaved of all muscles/skin for easy handle and devouring.  ~ Grilled Swordfish with fingerling potatoes : DELICIOUS!  The potatoes were a nice pairing to the oh-so-meaty and flavorful swordfish.  ~ Refreshing sangrias to wash it all down.  Well-blended and quenched my thirst.The best part about the restaurant is the little photo booth in the front!  $1 a pic (or 4 depending on what setting you choose).  But, it's quite small... 3 ppl max, I'd say.The only thing was the waitress accidentally placed an extra order of buffalo wings that we didn't order... and made us pay for it anyways.  But, it was ok... we devoured them anyways :)Will def. be back.  I love Venetian/Palazzo dining!!
5	It's sooo good - this is gonna be my spot in vegas from now on! complimentary pretzels with 3 kinds of dip (sage butter/ horseradish & honey mustard) =P! cucumber glimlet 10 very good cool & refreshin' & not too too strong - apps the viet lettuce wraps weird construction but very tasty 9.99 my linguni & clams in white wine sauce was good but not as adente as i would've liked & the prosciuto were a lil bit salty but still good but bowl 18 & dessert fresh citrus panna cotta how maaan was that good nice presentation in a little jar LOL 7.77 very affordable! what a find & very good service =] def gonna come here again next time
4	A little hard to find, but worth the effort!I work on one of the shows on the Strip. For some of my buddies and I, First has become a weekly post-performance hang.The food is consistently excellent, and the ambiance is great (thought sometimes, the music is a little loud - they'll turn it down if you ask nicely).My favorite cocktail is the cucumber gimlet, made with Hendrick's gin. Perfect for a warm summer night.Favorite apps are the walnut shrimp and lollipop buffalo wings. Favorite entree was the Magic Mushroom Parpadelle (pasta). Really, it was a perfect combo of sauteed mushrooms, garlic, Parmigiano cheese, and truffle oil - served on a beautiful bowl of noodles. Sounds simple, but it was extraordinary.You can also order the 1 lb hamburger special if you're REALLY hungry.
4	On my last trip to Vegas, my first food & bar at Vegas was at First Food & Bar.  My bf and I flew in after work and didn't get to go to dinner until about 11pm, and this nice restaurant was just across the street from us, as we were staying at TI.  (First Food & Bar stays open late.  I asked them- they said 6am, I believe.)  The restaurant overlooks the strip, which was great because they gave us a booth by the window.  This restaurant is also dark and they play an eclectic variety of music- going back and forth through time, allowing me to bump to tunes I've been listening to in my car as well as get nostalgic about the high school years.  The service itself was great and friendly.  The food was pretty interesting.  They gave us 2 free soft pretzels + a trio of mustards to start with, which I felt was a nice way to start the evening.  (Different from your usual free bread.)  I ordered a cotton candy martini, per Yelp recommendations and it was definitely COOL and awesome.  We also ordered the 151 lamb chops, in which they bring out a dish of 151, pour it over the lambchops and set them on fire.  (I don't eat lamb, but my bf liked them.  I just thought they were cool and was taking a bazillion pictues like a total dork.)  I also got an order of fries - delish, thin cut and crisp! as well as the smoked salmon with caviar on crepes.  This dish was terrible (in my opinion.)  The "caviar" was actually giant salmon roe and really, the flavor of the roe was so overpowering that it was difficult to taste the smoked salmon.  Additionally, the crepe that they put it on was really soggy and just made me feel a bit more nauseous.  I think that should you come here, just avoid this dish and you're good, because I thoroughly enjoyed every other aspect of my evening at this restaurant.
2	Ordered the lollipop buffalo chkn, steak n eggs, tator tots with gravy on side, and nacional mojito.MOJITO tasted nasty made my face like this =( wah wah wahBuffalo chickn... i honestly got excited bc it sed lollipop... and reminded me of the garlic/ginger lollipop chickens at sky dragon in SSF =) mmmm.. DAH sidetracked... so back to my review, ok so the buffalo chickn wasnt all that great, the drumettes were very very dry...tator tots were yum cant go wrong... and the steak and eggs THUMBS DOWN!! It was ordered medium rare, and came out well done and dry... ALSO what sucked too is when our order was ready we just watched it sit under the heat lamps for 20 minutes... maybe thats why the steak was overcooked and the lollipops were just sunbathing under the heatlamps getting the moisture sucked out of them? PLUS it wasnt even busy in there... we were pretty much the only table while there were a couple of people hanging out in the bar area... the complimentary pretzels were hard to eat.. so we decided to play hockey with them hahaha... I DID have laughs about the menu there's a section where the item on the menu said "ask me about my weiner 12' for $12"  hahaha GIGGITY... SORRY FIrst Food & Bar I will not be coming back when i am in the area of SIN CITY... WAH WAH WAH
4	Stopped by for what I thought was lunch (noon on a Sunday) but apparently it was brunch.  Unfortunately, I am not a fan of eggs and I was not enthusiastic about of all of the breakfast burrito, breakfast sandwich, East Coast Breakfast, etc. type choices.  Luckily, there were quite a few sandwich and burger options for non-egg eaters like myself.  $14.99 is not exactly cheap for a burger, but in a very pricey city, it seemed moderate.  More importantly, the food and service were solid.  They even served complimentary mini-donuts. Each plate that came out was a feast for the eyes.  For those who want to start their day off right, for $7 more you can get unlimited champagne.
3	an interesting fusion of asian flavors in their foods. sadly i wasn't too impressed by their chinese new years or valentines day menu...but they had awesome mojito lamb chops that they actually lit on fire w/ 151 and cooled with a mint jelly. phillycheese steak post-stickers were also a nice twist from the usual. the only complaint i had was that the appetizer portion sizes were super tiny even by my books.
2	I went in with 2 friends 2 weeks ago.I was honestly disappointed with how limited on selection the menu was. The portions of the food were quite small, too.I got the grilled chicken breast with mashed potatoes, and all I know is that while it was edible, it was definitely not worth the $17 or so I paid for it.Service was standard.Perhaps the place is better when it comes to drinks? I wouldn't know since I'm not 21 yet.If you're looking for some good grub, dude - it's Vegas. There are so many other places on The Strip. Don't make First Food & Bar your first choice for food.
4	Awesome decor and good service.  We went late night and just got apps, which everyone in the party enjoyed.  The best part though was the free soft pretzels with homemade mustard.  The catch is that you need to ask for them as they don't advertise them.
4	Came across this place completely by accident, wandering around we all smelled something really good so we literally followed our noses and it led us here. Really loved the huge digital menus posted outside, the kind of flashy extravagance you expect in Vegas.Super nice and attentive staff, no "I'm hipper-than-than-you" attitude which is always refreshing especially in a hipster place like this. Had the pretzel starter which was ok, I will forever more compare pretzels to those served at Stone in San Diego and any other pretzel is just going to pale in comparison.Ended up with the vodka rigatoni for dinner and it was really good, also appreciated that it was a normal sized serving, what a serving should be not these super inflated ginormous troughs that most restaurant serve.I speak out against inflated serving sizes yet ordered the cinnamon sugar donut basket for dessert! They came out warm and sweet and small and delicious. First was a great late-night dinner option, would definitely go here again.
4	Taste Great, Open Late. Getting ready to go out on a night of partying....?  Stop here FIRST and load up on items that will soak up the alcohol later!   Lollipop Buffalo Wings, shrimp cocktails, sliders, pizza, and the "Have I told you about my wiener?" sandwich.  Add a side of fries and strong cocktail, and you are ready to party!  It's not a sports bar, but you'll probably find a game on the tube.It's not a club, but the music being pumped throughout the space truly makes you want to dance.It's not your neighborhood bar, but the staff makes you feel like you are at your local hangout. First is a great place to wind down, or get amped up.First is all about lounging in a chair, jeans and comfy t-shirt,  throwing back some brews with your friends.  Or it can be about sharing a comfortable sofa with friends and their pretty heels.   The joint  is LOUNGE open late for all your party needs.
4	After finding out that LaGasse Stadium is now closed to under 21, we had to quickly find an alternative. Thanks to Yelp, we "discovered" First Food and Bar.  I was a bit apprehensive when arriving because of the extremely loud music but once we sat down, it was more just a background rather than usurping our conversation. It was AWESOME!! We had a great table where we could see the fireworks from the show at Treasure Island. Our waiter was really helpful.  None of that "snobby look down the nose at the phat peeps." He made great suggestions for us including my imaginary supermodel pal who only likes pink drinks-- got the Cotton Candy Cosmo.  There was no lag in service, with our dishes coming out hot and on time.  The pretzel starters were just right though I'd probably would have liked one non-mustard sauce for those at the table who didn't care for mustard but they were tasty.  We shared the Grandpa & Grandma pizzas as well as the Kentucky Fried pork.  More than enough for the 4 of us.   He suggested the signature donuts for dessert and it was the perfect compliment.  And because it was "ladies" night, he scored 2 free cocktails, compliments of Ketel One & Dior for us, even though we weren't participating in the around the bar action.  From the great table by the window, to the fast attentive service to the last crumb of dessert donut, it was a great way to introduce our friends to Las Vegas glitz and glam.
4	A lot of fun, quality food, good prices, great & fun service, open late -- there's really a lot to like about this place.  It's really one of the best places to eat in the entire Venetian/Palazzo complex, and it's a shame that it's down some bizarre hallway that only leads to the Wallgreens.  They really balance out a very chill vibe with sports always on TV & good music going.  Oh, and (at the bar, at least) very good beer & mustard made by Thomas Keller's gang at Bouchon.  Great job!
3	Expecting a lot from previous reviews. First food & bar was good, but not stellar. I think the vibe and decor are definitely cool.. the photo booth is fun... the view of the strip is cool, but unfortunately it just wasn't everything I expected it to be.Wasn't a fan of the bloody mary at all, and really wasn't into the food. The pretzels do add a nice touch and had some tasty dips.I do frequent the Palazzo/Venetian properties... so maybe the next time I visit I will give First food & bar another shot... but I will just be a little more particular about what I order. The sliders looked super tasty...
4	Came here again for the 3rd time! I love this place for morning or lunch after you're way drunk or just waking up from hang over.Mini Burgers - delicious!Caesar salad with egg on top - very new way of doing a Caesar salad, made it even better!Cobb Salad with roasted chicken - big portion! not much salad but alot of chicken and avocadoFish Tacos - pretty good, but typical.
3	First is somewhere between casual and fine dining.  I enjoyed the food and drinks.  It wasn't too busy and the service was satisfactory.  The decor was nice and the booths were comfy.  I had the endive salad and the portion was super small and very over-priced but it was good.  We were given some complimentary pretzels with dipping sauces.  The dippng sauces were yummy.  They have some very creative martinis here, a cotton candy martini and a 5-hour Energy Martini, which has a disclaimer that a patron can only order 2.  Wow!  It was good too, if you like the taste of 5-hour Energy.  Don't forget to take a picture in the photo booth available too.
3	The first time I went here, last year, I was really impressed with the reasonable prices.  When I came back this year, it seemed like every other place that is slightly too expensive.  The prices went up... or there was some deal going on the first time I went.The food was good, but nothing to write home about.  I doubt I will eat here again.
4	A great place for pre/post Vegas activities! Its a modern "upscale" spin on some of our favorite bar foods! When I walked in I was immediately offered a taste of wine, not in the way Olive Garden does it though, I was then escorted to my table which had a beautiful view of the strip! I was feeling adventurous so I decided to Order the "Cotton Candy Kiss" martini, and it was my inner child's dream! Its served with Cotton Candy in the martini, and then my server poured the contents of the Shaker which dissolved the cotton candy and made for a very Sugary Drink, the garnish was crushed Life savers! No this was a great drink! I am a huge fan of it, defiantly can only have one, but the drink lasted me my entire meal, (they leave a good amount in the shaker) As appetizers my table ordered the Onion Rings, along with there complementary "Pretzel Bread" both of these were great! I'm craving the onion rungs NOW they weren't to heavy in the batter and very light, a great precursor to my meal. I split the "Mini-Burgers" and tator tots, and by far there was plenty left when all was said and done. This place was great! I loved it here and plan to go back!
2	Slow service and the food was subpar. Big drinks made it bearable.  I had the peppercorn crusted tuna and that's more pepper than anyone should have in one sitting.
5	loved the mini sliders with bacon and egg. sounds weird- but it is quite possibly the best thing i have ever eaten! Yummy!  I will for sure go back. And it was the only thing open in that area at 4 am! The ceasar salad was really good too!
3	I made a reservation for a party of 9 after seeing some of the reviews on Yelp!  I picked this place since a lot of the reviews said it had a "fun vibe", but I was even more stoked after I saw it on Keeping Up With The Kardashians!  (I know, I know, I'm a dork...but I really was stoked about it! Haha.).To keep this review short, I had a good time.  My food was yummy, the place was nice, the prices were reasonable and we had a great view.  For one of the girls in my party, not so much...I forgot what she ordered, but it never came.  Our server wasn't very apologetic about it either.  She offered us a free dessert, but that wasn't much consolation to us.  We were already running late to catch a show at a different hotel!  Well the issue finally got to the Manager who approached us and was a lot more catering.  As expected, he comp'd her food and also added a discount to our entire bill.  We asked that they just put her food in a to-go container since we needed to leave.  Well good thing she checked her food, it was missing the sides!  So after all of that, my friend still did not leave satisfied.I would come back here again.  I am hoping that this was just an isolated experience with a bad server.  After dealing with the Manager, it seemed that this wasn't the type of thing that occurred often but he didn't seem too surprised that the bad service was from that particular server.  Hopefully, she isn't serving there anymore!
5	This place is a GEM!Okay, I think Vegas should do some sort of public service announcement indicating that the Cotton Candy martini saves lives.  Truly!  This drink is like heaven on earth...it's a sweet martini, poured over a heap of cotton candy, outlined with pink crystal sugar around the rim!  Best drink in Vegas~!!!Also, the mini hamburgers have some sort of self-proclaimed "secret sauce" which is out of this world.  To even out the burgers, we also had some roasted asparagus and that was delicious.The only downside was the Doritos-crusted-mac-n-cheese.  It actually tasted more spicy and dry than rich and creamy.  Almost healthy!  Almost.First Food & Bar is fun and has a gorgeous view of the Strip.  The menu is awesome and it's somewhat reasonable.  I love this place it might just be my favorite new restaurant in Vegas.
5	Cotton candy martini?! Hell YES!!!!Wow.  I have never been this impressed with a restaurant.I got the duck.  WOW!! It was bursting with explosive flavors.  There was a parsley-like plant sprinkled on the duck that had a sweet sauce on it.  It rocked me.  The duck was moist and had a lot of fat but was medium rare and so juicy.  The duck was arranged in a circle.  At the center of the circle was an apple desert-like creation that had the consistency of mashed potatoes.  It was great.First didn't serve bread to "hold you over" until the main course.  They actually serve pretzels!  The pretzels came with three different sauces for dipping.My friend ordered the salmon which was very moist and pleasing to the taste buds.I'm not into girlie drinks, or any drinks for that matter; I'm a fan of beer but the cotton candy martini is a must for anyone who likes sweet tasting mixed drinks.  It rocked me too!The decor at First is modern, classy, and "post-modern meets shiny Ikea."  I loved it.  I'm not sure if this is the Sammy Haggar bar, but the music reflected it:  lots of rock.  There was also one of those old-fashioned machines where you put in quarters and take a photo.  You can zoom in and out and choose your own "frame" for the photo.  My friend and I got one as a fun memory of our trip to Vegas.Love it!
3	Strip view on the window seat! great! I get to see treasure island and the huge palazzo sign. Cotton candy martini? taste a bit like cough syrup. It's pretty strong for what it is though, and it's cool to watch the cotton candy melt. but for $13? ehh.Complimentary pretzels with dijon mustard, mustard and some buttery mustard dip. Delicious and filling. Be sure to skip out on the appetiser if you're not a big eater.A lollicup buffalo chicken to share. $15?? ouch. it was cut up to be convenient, but that also means it probably just came with 5 actual whole wings. It's simply really strong buffalo wings, it was good though, nothing lollicup about it. the ranch dressing was overwhelmed by the buffalo sauce but that's okay because it was pretty good. worth the $15? i'll skip next time.I ordered the duck with caramel bread pudding and almond dressing. $22. It was...very...almond-ish. Not my cup of tea. It was also a little fatty, which is alright. The Bread pudding was actually pretty good. But at this point I was so stuffed I took half my lunch home. It still tasted good the next day. My bf got the sliced lamb. a little bland. Nothing spectacular.The bill came to $80ish, thank goodness for the VIP dine for less card which saved us $13, basically the cotton candy cocktail for free. overall a very pricey meal for what it is. Maybe we should've spent the $80 in a buffet or gambling. But I always welcome new experiences.Tip: Pretzels are filling. Sit by the window. Dine4less card offers 20% off. apparently they open till 4am. The photobooth is pretty fun. $1 for a photo!Favourites: the pretzel! view of strip, great serviceDo not want: duck was too almond-y for my taste. priceylast words: A little pricey, but the food is interesting.
3	Ambiance & Service is GREAT - Food is Lacking Pop to match the environment. The decor of the restaurant prepares you for a unique experience and we found the hostess and the waitress to be very engaging with the table. Perhaps these two above average components made the food appear to be a let-down for our group. The table was served complimentary Pretzels with 3 different sauces - which I found all tasted too similar - heavy on the dijon mustard flavor. I ordered the Fish & Chips which was recommended by the waitress but found it lacking in flavor. The chips where covered in horseradish which I understood as trying to give some additional flavor, but I found too over-powering. I was able to try one of my friend's cheeseburger sliders - which was nothing unique in my opinion. I noticed that no one finished their plates and no one wanted to order dessert. I would love to go back and give them another shot based on the ambiance alone, so perhaps I will be able to update this review down the road.
5	Amazing food and my new favorite drink lives here...cotton candy kiss which is a martini shaken table side and poured over a tuft of cotton candy sitting pretty in a crushed life saver rim!  The ahi nachos are amazing.  I had the salmon "udon" (which is actually soba noodles, but they use quotes on the menu) .  A great addition to the Palazzo who's restaurants have been marginal, IMHO.  I am planning on staying at Palazzo next Vegas trip just to be closer to this drink!  Cotton Candy Kiss...I heart you!!!
4	Very good restaurant - my wife and I stopped in this place after walking around the Venetian hotel. We mainly went to relax and have some drinks, but ended up ordering several appetizers. The pretzels with three kinds of mustard were a nice start. Grandpa's Pizza w/ meatballs and shrimp cocktail were also very good. Overall this place was great and reasonably priced compared to other restaurants in Vegas.
2	Pros:Atmosphere is hoping, nice views, open lateCons:Food was mediocre and is essentially overpriced bar food.The complimentary pretzels were a nice surprise. Started with a pitcher of the sangria, it was good not great, and the walnut shrimp appetizer. For $18 I expected to get some tasty walnut encrusted shrimp. Instead, we received a bunch of overcooked shrimp in a sweet cream sauce with MAYBE 6 walnut bits tossed on top of the bowl. Truly a terrible appetizer.For dinner my wife and I split the Orange Beef. $26. It was really good, but even in Vegas I wouldn't say the value was there. I was also surprised at how it was prepared. The medallions of beef were rather large and very rare. I was pretty happy about this but I could see a lot of people ordering and it being too rare for their tastes.In any other city I'd give it 3 stars and move along, but in Vegas with the plethora of great dining options here, I don't think the value is anywhere close to what you pay for. Overpriced average food, with a few gems on the menu that keep people coming back.
4	The best lamb chops I have ever had!It is a bit pricey and there were only e but, if there was a place I recommend going for lamb chops you should totally go!!They poured Bacardi 151 over the lamb chops and then lit it on fire, and then drizzled this amazing mint sauce over it. The chops were medium rare, succulent, juicy and absolutely to die for. Recommend!The fried oysters came in 5 for about $16 have an asian quality to it, candied ginger, wasabi, a Japanese kick.
3	I love the idea of a posh sports bar. Even though the mini sliders made me a happy girl, the service was randomly either great or horrible so beware. The first night I came, the "hostess" or whatever you want to call her was a total B-I-T-C-H. But our waitress was gorgeous, fun, flirty and the best! The second time I came, I didn't have to deal with the hostess but our waitress was so spotty. Where the hell she went most of the time we were there I had no clue. And the outfit she was wearing made me confused. No that's not rocker, that's just a weird Halloween outfit you got on sweetie. And where are my sliders? Anyways, try the sliders. They're good.
4	Final Decision: You like steak, you like nachos, this is your place...So me and the GF was super starving after having to miss our original dinner reservation in order to catch an awesome comedy show by Tracy Morgan, we were ready to eat a horse. But instead I chose the following instead.   The GF mentioned this spot about the chef at this restaurant that seems to put odd combination of food items and married them together into an awesome tasting dish, so I was intrigued.Got there here a lot of loud music and some odd small group of middle aged people attempting to dance next to the bar.  Imagine a skinny white guy with no rhythm doing the jig, yea...that time 10 people.  I'm glad the food was good.Service: wonderful.  Had a really nice waitress that took our orders quickly was extremely gracious even after we turned back the Sangria.  I have to say, that I've had some sangria, and so far, this wasn't very good at all, especially an after taste of armpit.  But the manager even came by, checked on the reason why it tasted so bad, and comped the drink and gave us something else.  Really cool.Food Ordered: Grilled Lamb Meatballs - if you like lamb and you like hummus, this is your thing, very tasty and comforting.  Meatballs were juicy and burst with middle eastern spices sitting on dabs of fresh hummus, diced tomatoes, olive oil and a thin pita bread slices. YUM YUM in my TUM TUM.Blacked Skirt Steak - well seasoned and cooked to my specification, and cut into small bite-sized pieces, covered by two sunny side eggs, and sitting on top of a bed of chorizo hash and spicy cheddar cheese sauce. There are a lot ingredients and great amount of thought going into the dish and with every bite, you get a mouthful of flavor that bring you back to those old days when you got some nachos from the ice cream truck or your first nachos on a warm day at the ballpark, simply D-licious. Attack of the First Surf and Turf - certified angus beef, with deep fried lobster claw, sandwiched in a soft roll with all the fixin's and served with asparagus fries.  Sounds really great, looks awesome, but just tasted on par, nothing exceptions outside of the ingredients, but the GF did get full and had a smile on her face. After a great night of comedy or even a day of gambling, this would casual spot provides new interesting twists on old favorites, I'd definitely would check this spot again the next time I'm in town, minus the sangria.
4	I unfortunately have that all american home spun girl palate, so yeah this place rocked!Comfort food with a twist, executed right!  Reasonably priced, great service, awesome on the strip view/location.Good vibes, fun rock music, decor is rad... photo booth, love it!Place was busy, keep it in mind for late night snacks as it doesnt close until 4.
3	First Food & Bar was sort of a mixed bag for me.  My fiancee and I went to check this place out at lunch time and we were right on time for happy hour (which is 3 to 7 daily) and I gladly took advantage of the 2 for 1 draft beers to start off.  I had asked for 2 different draft beers and the waitress told me that I can only have 2 of the exact same beers no exception (supposedly a policy that even she thought was dumb).  I gave her a o_0 look and said, "that's okay just get me 2 of whatever you suggest".  I wasn't going to be too picky about it because all in all beer is beer and they all help you to reach the same endpoint haha.  To my surprise, she found a way to get me my 2 different beers.  I'm not sure what that means but I would be okay with whatever either or.  I decided to get the Tuna nachos appetizer, the Tuna Melt, and my fiancee got the catfish tacos.  The Tuna Melt was pretty standard but instead of being sandwiched together, I got each bun separately; the presentation was definitely a first.  My fiancee's tacos were pretty good actually (mainly in favor of how spicy the tacos were) and I ended up eating one of her three tacos for myself.  The real goody here was the Tuna Nachos which included raw Tuna poke, mango chunks, and tomatoes (?) all served on plantain chips (not the regular nacho chips).  The flavors mixed well and I enjoyed their interesting twist on the conventional idea of the standard nacho dish.  The portions were smaller than I expected for the price BUT I did realize we were on the strip so that's exactly what I was expecting.  If it wasn't for the beers, I probably would have stopped at Fresh & Easy on the way home for snacks lol!  We rarely saw our waitress(only when she'd pass by to wait on the next table over) so the service was sub-par and they didn't have toothpicks for our post-meal recovery which was odd but oh well.  All in all, I give this experience a 3 for good food but not-so-good service and not-so-good prices.  Plus, the Palazzo smells like chlorinated stinky lotion but that's just me.
5	Came here for a 17 girl bachelorette bonanza!  My coworker highly recommended as he follows all the famous chefs.  A lot of stress riding on this choice since it was the main dinner night where all the girls would be dressed up and of course trying to impress the bachelorette, my awesome sister!  So walking from the front of Palazzo to the bar, ALL the way around, I was hearing grunts from the heel-wearing bunch, but once we got there, were greeted by our Host, Lou, and he made us feel absolutely special!  Walked us to the back private room where your eyes go straight up to the fabulous chandelier and this HUGE banquet table that fit us all!  Our waiter, Red was amazing as well as the rest of the staff.  The girls loved their prix fixe menu of the Bachelorette Package, the food was amazing and the tiered cake drew out oooo's and awwww's.  They even tolerated some fun dares we had to do!  The photo booth, which was part of the package was fun and now we have great memories of the evening.  Small snafu with the food, but Tami Sue, who helped us make the reservation, fixed it right up.  They even wanted to make sure we were covered in the way of entry into a club after dinner!  Now that is going above and beyond in my opinion and I would come back in a heartbeat!
5	Kelly's Bachelorette party had a fantastic time at FIRST this past Saturday night!As any maid of honor can tell you, it can be difficult when you are planning for a large group of girls.  FIRST was recommended to me by a local and when they readily took our reservation and seemed to have good food for a decent price per head ($60 when tip and tax was incl), it seemed promising. OMG it was!From my first conversation over the phone with Tomi Sue, I had a great feeling about what our dining experience was going to be like. Tomi Sue was exceptionally friendly, professional, and accommodating to our group's needs. Thanks for substituting in the walnut shrimp- as it turned out, it was the overwhelming favorite of the evening!  The rest of the food was delish (watermelon/arugula salad the other crowd pleaser) and plentiful!From the hostesses, to the servers, and the cooks (who came out to pose for pictures)...EVERYONE seemed to LOVE ther job at FIRST and that made a lasting impression on us all.For our fixed menu I knew a penis cake was coming but I had no IDEA it would be so elaborate, 3 dimensional, and might I add, eh hem, detail oriented (use your imagination). We will never forget the look on our bride's face when that cake arrived! Other little doses of amazingness included the free pictures in the photobooth, the super sweet cotton-candy martinis and the restaurant's flexibility in pushing back our reservation time.Bravo to FIRST for delivering a most thorough dining experience. THANK YOU THANK YOU!
4	Must must must try the phillycheese steak dumplings and the doritos mac and cheese!A bit expensive but sooo soooo yummy!
4	Some of the best bar food ever and plenty of huge HD TV's to watch the game. The ambiance is really nice. It's a sports bar but it feels a bit more classier. It's still casual though. You can come in dressed up before hitting the club or dressed down like you are coming back from the poolHere's the food breakdown:Famous Lollipop Buffalo Wings: Just as described and comes with bleu cheese. Very tasty.Magic Mushroom Pappardelle: 2 words: truffle butter. It was super buttery and insanely good. Tuna nachos: These were my favorite! It's a must try. Calamari: You can't go wrong with calamari and it's good here. Unless you are a huge calamari fun, try something else. There was nothing special about it--still very good though.As for drinks, you have to try the Cotton Candy Kiss. They place a huge piece of cotton candy into a martini glass and pour a booze concoction over it. I don't know what the concoction consisted of but it was fantastic! Service was also really good and friendly here. I was also in a large group and they were very accommodating with that too.
4	We had a lot of fun here.  Cool atmosphere.  The menu is creative.  We had the ahi tuna "nachos" which were a nice way to start our meal.  Good drinks.  Excellent chicken and waffles.  Will make a return trip on our next visit.
4	I enjoy taking clients out to lunch every now & then - most of my clients work in casino's.  Sometimes, its best to stay on property.  For my Venetian/Palazzo clients, First is now my restaurant of choice.  While I enjoy Canaletto and Enoteca San Marco, First has lower prices, a relaxed lunch-time atmosphere, good food and has a great view. The Grilled Chicken Paillard Salad with watercress, figs, chevre, candied nuts and balsamic dressing is now one of my favorite salads in Las Vegas (a close 2nd to Sammy's Balsamic Chicken Salad).  Both my guest and I took home doggie bags... more than enough on each plate for another meal.  Service was good & consistent.  Considering First is off a hallway between the Venetian and Palazzo, it wasn't hard to get to.  Parking in the Palazzo garage was free & simple.  I would recommend this restaurant for lunch.
4	The cotton candy martini is fantastic! The crushed life saver rim makes for the perfect drink. If you're into spending $13-$14 for a drink why not try the "Skinny Bitch"? It is equally as delicious and you can barely taste the alcohol! Dangerous, delicious and a must try!!
4	Mac and Cheese sprinkled with crumbled Doritos.  Need I say more?  Man.  This place was SO good.  Thank God I was wearing a stretchy dress, because I really don't think I would have made it out of there if I had a waistband.The service was fantastic.  We were brought out some pretzels with dipping sauces.  They were hard to resist.  I tried hard to save some room for the rest of the food.  We ordered tater tots...I mean seriously, who can turn down tater tots? They were perfectly crispy and hot.  Damn, if I only had a pocket like Napoleon Dynamite...I could have saved some for later.  We also had the sliders which were perfectly cooked and delicious.  As if we didn't have enough food, we also ordered the wide papardelle pasta with forest mushrooms in a truffle butter sauce.  Yes, you read that right. And yes, it was freakin amazing.  I could have eaten the whole bowl of it.  I posted some pictures.  I would highly recommend going to First, it's inexpensive and the food is delicious.Oh yea, make sure to hit up the photo booth on your way out.
5	Beautiful bar, with a hot staff. 2 for 1 patron drinks made my day! Great drink stop
2	We went here because we had a 25$ off a 50$ meal coupon. Big Mistake. We went at around 3 am after hitting up some clubs/bars. The Order: CalamariFriesClub Sandwich Cuban Sandwich The calamari was decent. It came with some fried thinly slices lemon and spinach. The fries were good too but the sandwiches were worst that what you would get at a Denny's. Do not eat here if you enjoy fine cuisine.
2	Really disappointing. This is really strange diner food for triple the price and smaller than expected portions. The food quality was not up to par with the prices and the menu items just sound better than they taste. I ordered a deep fried lasagna sandwich. That sounds totally awesome, right? Only if you like greasy, bready and bland. I also order the appetizer soft pretzel but it was dry and hard. Not my thing at all.  For the price there are so many better places to go.
5	Great casual lunch place in the Palazzo/Venetian complex.  It's hard to find; but if you can get to the gondola ride, look for a nondescript hallway on the other side of the canal.  First Food is just past the restrooms.  Lunch service was wonderful and the food was amazing.  We got the french dip - the best french dip ever!  I think there's pork in there somewhere - and the breakfast sliders with a side of onion rings.  Serionsly - we ate everything and didn't need to eat for another 24 hours.  Really.  So think about splitting plates because of the big portions and heavy food, which would make First Food a very good value for your money.  Oh - the cocktail with the espresso in it is perfect for those lunches the day after...
5	The donuts and the grits. YES YES YES.
4	The food here is very good and I usually take my out of town friends here either before or after or between going to the clubs.  Comfort food with a twist!  My fav is the Buffalo Wing Lollipops, Mac and Cheese, Honey Walnut Shrimp and the Philly Cheesesteak Potstickers!
5	I really like this place.  It's kind of hard to find, but when the boyfriend and I spend time in Vegas, we always come here at least once on our trip.  It's inside the Palazzo, behind all the shops.They are open LATE and its awesome because even if you think its easy to find a decent restaurant that is open at night time, think again!  There is even a photo booth inside ($1 for 4 photos) and its a good souvenir.  We always order the lollipop buffalo chicken, the Kobe sliders, and the honey walnut shrimp.  It is by far the best honey walnut shrimp I've had.  They don't skimp on the shrimp and you can tell their seafood (even if its in the middle of the desert) is of good quality. Their cotton candy martini is awesome too.  I love it because its in a martini glass served with cotton candy inside, and rimmed with lifesaver candy.  Its really sweet, but doesn't taste like there's any alcohol at all. Making it a great girly drink! I've also tried their ginger oysters and tater tots (which ROCK).  I love the atmosphere too. :)
1	Food was not spectacular. The pretezels were hard and chewy. Some of our food came out undercooked. Manager came out and joked about it, but did not offer a comp.Save time and money go elsewhere.First Food & Bar at the Palazzo looks cool but it's NOT.
1	Don't believe the hype.. if you've heard any.I was SO excited to try this place after walking by it a few times and stopping in with some friends to grab drinks before clubbing.  I decided to try it with my boyfriend for Sunday brunch and the experience was less than what I would expect from Ihop.  Our server was obviously new and didn't know the menu at all because our food came out completely different than she had described.  The philly cheesesteak dumplings were good, beef brisket hash was bleh, and so was the east coast breakfast.The highlight of the experience: the table side bloody mary girl who reminded me of a blonde Snookie.  she was hilarious and brightened up our damper experience, if you are going to try First for brunch, at least try a bloody mary!  That was the only thing that deserved a star.
3	It would be really hard for me to give this place 4 stars. Not b/c it was terrible or the service was bad, but it left us with a bit to be desired and we ended up eating at Burger bar the following day and that place is..... Read my review if you wanna know.We must have walked around for the better part of an hour looking for this place. Of course, if you do what we did, which is follow the arrow on the signs at the entrance, you will end up walking through the casino, dropping a 20 on the roulette table simply b/c you saw 6 red numbers come up and you figured that another red couldn't possibly hit. You were right, but you still lost b/c the dreaded double zero bit you in the ass. So, we finally find the place and it was empty, which usually is a bad sign but we were starving so we sat down. The location is actually pretty smooth. The staff is working, don't get me wrong, but they are laughing, joking around and having fun. What a concept, right?? On to the food. For some odd reason we didn't order apps, but we saw this amazing pretzel come out to the table next to us and wished we had. We were int he mood for some red meat and it was a bit early in the trip to get a steak so we decided it was burger time. The burgers were a bit overcooked for my taste. I love a juicy burger and this was about 2 minutes on the flat top short of juicy, but it was still pretty good. They lather up the bun with a nice dollop of butter which was a nice addition. The skinny fries were not all that good and we didn't order from the drink menu b/c well, we don't drink. The food was good not great and I would probably not go back considering that when I am in Vegas, I try really hard not eat at the same places over and over again.
4	It's difficult, if not impossible, to find a Strip restaurant that feels "take off my shoes" comfortable. First Food and Bar fits the bill. Yes, they have comfort food - but they have managed to make familiar favorites seem downright cool again. The experience starts when you sit down. The waitress says, "I'll go and get you some bread". She comes back with big, warm, soft pretzels hanging from metal spikes and accompanied by 2 mustard sauces and a mustard butter. Mmmm...... butter. You want nachos? Fall in love with the tuna nachos and pineapple salsa. French fries? Shoestrings fried and seasoned to perfection. After dinner, walk over to the bar area and watch the game or a movie. Plop yourself down on a leather couch, kick off your shoes and enjoy the complimentary spicy popcorn. The waitstaff is top notch and the vibe is hip without being pretentious. I'll be spending football season at First Food and Bar.
5	This place is awesome. Was expecting good bar food, received great restaurant food! Everything we ordered was great.
1	I love fried food, and it is usually pretty difficult to screw up fried food but First succeeded at screwing up the easiest thing to cook in the culinary world, Fried Food.We started off with the chicken tenders as an appetizer. They came out with this really tasty horseradish ranch, but the chicken was wayyyyyyy overcooked and dried out. Say you dropped a piece of chicken in the fryer without any batter or breading and let it sit in there for maybe 10-15 minutes, you know what would happen?  Yeah, dried, crusty, flavorless chicken breast meat.  This was the $15 appetizer that the server recommended. For our meal I ordered the Bada Bing. Disgusting.  At the moment a fried piece of homemade lasagna  with fresh mozzarella, marinara, and fresh basil sounded like a wonderful idea. Wow, was I wrong.  The bun that it came on tasted like a bun that your 1st grade cafeteria lady with a mole on her nose would serve you with a sloppy joe or a piece of frozen salisbury steak with powdered gravy.  Gross. The lasagna in a sandwhich is just a bad idea. really messy and lacking any flavor.  Needless to say, I took 2 bites and left the rest on my plate.My friend ordered the Cuban sandwhich, which had 2 types of pork, roasted pork and ham, with dijon, and pickles on a flat bread which was then pressed. He ordered it with no pickles but the server replied, "They have those premade so we can't do that"  Are you F-ing kidding me. For a $19 sandwhich you can't take out the freakin' pickles?  The sandwhich had good flavor but the shear fact that they would not give him what he wanted is just bad customer service.For $90 you could eat a much better meal that is healthy and well put together with good service at probably any other restaurant in Vegas.Eat here if you wanna get diarrhea!
1	The positives?  The easy to look at hostesses/waitresses and lavish las vegas styling.  The negatives? This place is a misleading and stupid.  We were reeled in because it was "Happy Hour" & the hostess said appetizers are half price and the drink specials are two for one draft beers or 2 for 1 stoli or patron.So, we sit down at the bar lounge area and order a beer thinking we could get two drinks for the price of one and order half price appetizers.Ends up we were not allowed to order half price appetizers because there was a miscommunication between the hostess and waitress.Their mistake but the staff/management didn't care.Fine, we're thirsty and want some beers.  I'll order two beers for my good friend & I, for the price of one per the happy hour special.  The waitress brings us four (4) drinks for the price of two!  WTF?!  The waitress undeftly explains that each person has to pay for a drink to get the special two for one price!  Who's heard of such lunacy?  The terms and conditions, i.e. the fine print, weren't available to us upon entering this establishment.  We felt slighted & swindled.First Food & Bar stands for them being first, leaving the customers a distant second.
4	Finally had a chance to eat at First Food & Bar.  I was a little bummed out when I went here last May at around 2am only to find that they were already closed.  So I definitely made the effort to come here a lot earlier.  My dinner reservation at The Range Steakhouse wasn't until 9pm, so I decided to have a late afternoon lunch here.  The restaurant was pretty empty, so when I asked to be seated at a table, they gave me one with a nice view of the Strip.Not spending a long time looking at the menu, I went straight for the Original Mini Burgers (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=KD435BUQShyQN_4K1ey2Gw).  The Hawaiian bread rolls really added a nice texture to the burgers giving it that White Castle slider taste.  I wasn't super hungry so I didn't ask fries, but I don't think I needed them.  As small as these burgers look, they really filled me up.  By the time I got to the last burger, I was already slowing down.  They were really good though and despite them costing $19, I would order them again.My waiter was really cool and energetic.  He ALMOST persuaded me to get dessert, but my stomach was saying otherwise.  If I ever get the opportunity to eat here again, I'm definitely gonna try their huge dishes and their desserts.
5	Came to Vegas to celebrate my little sister in-laws 21st birthday. When walking around the Venetian we were looking for a bit to eat and happened to stumble upon this gem. We were greeted by one of the most friendly managers that I have had the pleasure to meet in Vegas. As we waited for our table the manager (Lou) offered us a round of shots in celebration of our birthday girls 21st. We were seated with a unbelievable view of the strip and given some of the best pretzel bites I think I've ever had. Our server was upbeat and very friendly. Couldn't ask for more from a server. We ordered the pasta and Cuban sandwich along with some other tasty beverages. Everything was extremely prompt and the service was first rate. The food was out of this world and the manager (Lou) made sure we were being taken care of in every way. We ended out dinner with a complimentary dessert, which was a doughnut ice cream sundae for the Birthday girl.  That sundae was pure heaven!If you get a chance to visit First Food you will not be disappointed. This place is top notch from the front of the house to the back of the house. Everything was wonderful.Thanks again to Lou for making our night out one we will never forget. You will always be remembered as one of the nicest managers that I have had the pleasure of meeting, not just in Vegas but pretty much anywhere.
5	First has recently upscaled their menu.  They're still going for the crazy drunk food thing, but with less kitch and far more quality.  I saw none of the items criticized below, and had an excellent meal.This isn't a place for a quiet, relaxing meal.  They have an intense sound system that sounds fantastic, the drinks are really inventive and strong, and the food is fantastic and anything but subtle.  This is one of the more unique offerings on the strip.
3	Ate here for dinner on sunday 10/03.  We got the honey walnut shrimp, mac n cheese with doritos in it and steak that had blu cheese in it.  Overall the food was okay, nothing I couldn't make myself (mac in cheese with doritos? I was expecting something amazing, but it tastes just like it sounds) or have tasted before.  The steak made my boyfriend sick the next day, he thinks it was something about the blu cheese.  We did have the famous donuts which were amazing!  We asked for the cinnamon sugar kind and asked for the three dipping sauces with it: chocolate, raspberry and carmel.  A weird mix, but it was delicious.  Overall, okay food but amazing deserts!
4	A security guard in the Palazzo recommended this place for Sunday brunch. And since we were hungry and in the general area, we opted to go. The place is essentially a sports bar cum restaurant. It wasn't that heavily patronized on the Sunday afternoon we were there (mid October 2010).My wife and I were shown to table at a window overlooking Las Vegas Boulevard. (We were two stories up. Treasure Island is across the street.) Since it was our anniversary, my wife and I ordered mimosas, which are "unending" at this establishment. You get a whole bottle of champagne and a pitcher of orange juice. I ordered eggs benedict while my wife decided on a sandwich. As we waited for the food, we sipped the mimosas and watched the traffic two stories below. We had several glasses of mimosas before we realized that the food was slow in coming. Just as I was about to ask, the server came by and apologized because of the delay. There was some problem in the kitchen. About another five minutes passed, and then the food showed up. I was greatly pleased with the benedict. The hollandaise was the best I ever ate. My wife also enjoyed her lunch.When the server came by with the bill, she said the manager removed the cost of the mimosas as an apology for the slow service.We were quite pleased overall. Our server was attentive and pleasant, and how could anyone complain after sipping free mimosas!So listen to the security guards in Vegas. They know where to eat.
2	First Food Bar was the worst dining experience I've had during my recent trip to Vegas.  We came for lunch with our group of 6 and we all ordered different dishes.  My wife had the fish and chips and I had the turkey club with a over medium egg.The fish and chips were not good.  I usually like any thing fried but when my wife asked me to taste her meal I thought it cant be that bad.  It was.  The fish was very dry and flaky and the batter taste funny.  The "chips" that came with the meal was good though because it had horseradish sprinkled over it.  My sandwich was decent but was not the best I've ever had.  So why the 2 star review?  Service was sub par.  Our waitress did the bare minimum and was not attentive to our needs.  We had to ask for refills and she didn't put much effort into our table.  The others in the group also mentioned that their food was just OK and they would probably skip it the next time they're in Vegas.
3	4 stars for the complimentary pretzel basket.  Served with 3 different mustards, it was probably the best part of our meal.Intrigued by the mac and cheese, topped with crushed Doritos.  It was creamy but not cheesy enough.  And too spicy!  Fascinated by the cheese grits, but not something I could stomach after a while.They did have a surprisingly good chicken entree.  I know, chicken - I stole a bite after hearing raves about it.  It was juicy and tasty.It's a bit of a walk to find this place.. it has a view of the strip and tv's inside.
4	I can't help it. I really like this place.I usually just order pub food when I'm here, but I just can't seem to resist it.It's in a pretty hard to find part of Palazzo, but it's worth the search. The chef changes up the menu pretty regularly which is a nice change of pace. The complimentary pretzels are a nice filler food and I enjoy the honey mustard dipping sauce. The pizza is simply made, but actually pretty delicious. The views of the strip are gorgeous and I love stopping here for a late night drink and snack. Most of the foods are of very generous portions. I usually share. The drink selections are just as interesting. I like the cotton candy. It may be overly sweet and more of a novelty than anything, but I'm all for things that are novel or have kitsche.With the ever-changing menu I am able to try something different every time I come here. Definitely one of my favorite if I'm heading to the strip.Go Thursdays for Ladie's Night. It's worth the trip.
4	Its a different look to the typical Las Vegas scene. You can eaisly come into this establishment in regular clothes or dressed to a "T". Either way the mood is very chill and managed by a very hip/young/modern wait staff. Probably some of the best decor in a bar/lounge I've seen for a casual setting like this, and the view over the strip doesn't hurt. Be sure to bring plenty of dough as the drinks can become quite costly, but if you are just wanting a quick bite as you plan your day/night...this is the PERFECT establishment! Oh yeah...try the chicken breast w/ spinach, goat cheese, figs, and peanut brittle....its to DIE FOR! I even tried making it at home...LOL!
4	Picture a hot apple cider bar, all-you-can-eat pies, warm biscuits and a Cowboys game. Sounds like home, right? Yeah, but better. I absolutely loved spending Thanksgiving at First Food and Bar.It was supposed to be $39 for a five course meal, but our waitress comped us one dinner because it took a while for the prime rib to arrive. The three of us were having so much fun that we didn't notice the delay, so we thought it was gracious of the restaurant to offer a discount. They didn't have to do that.First Food's management personalized our dinner by dropping by to say hello. I am easily wooed by face-to-face interactions like that. I love getting to know the people behind the business. Our waitress was on top of her game even though the place was packed. She was happy and so were her coworkers. I like the wait staff uniforms, which go well with tattoos.First Food is trendy, but not snobby, and the food is a perfect blend of casual and classy. The decor blends retro, biker, modern. The only reason I'm giving it four stars instead of five is because I was there on a special occasion and didn't try any of their regular menu items.You guys really made our Thanksgiving day. Thanks for all your hard work. We had a blast!
1	Sunday brunch with tourists. View of the marathon from our booth was lovely - service, on the other hand, rather terrible. Waitress brought coffee with lipstick on the mug. Luckily someone else noticed this. She did honor my friend's coupon when she didn't have to, however.I had already eaten, but friends food didn't look spectacular. My portion of the bill was 12 dollars for a coffee and basket of fries. Too bad they'd already gone to Hash House...
4	We were in Vegas over Thanksgiving weekend and this was our first meal of the week. It was a short walk from the Wynn but oddly difficult to find in the Palazzo. My friend mentioned to me that the layout of this mall makes it difficult for restaurants to get business because customers don't know where they're located. Well, we came on a Tuesday night around 9pm, so it would be relatively empty. We ordered our drinks and while we were waiting, our server brings us the bread basket, which was pretzel bread with 3 variants of mustard: spicy, honey, and whole grain. The menu had a grungy rock 'n roll pub look, complete with tongue-in-cheek humor: one hot dog entree is described as 'Have you seen my 12" Weiner?'--fully loaded, can you take it? 12 inches for $12". Food options ranged from pub grub, diner classics, Grandma's Italian comfort food, and pan-Asian. Something for everyone, even your discerning old school Asian clientele.My friend ordered the Oven Roasted Free Range Chicken and I decided to get the Dr. Pepper BBQ St. Louis Ribs. My entree arrives in an oven bag and comes with a side of cheesy grits and a couple of handy wipes. You have to tear the bag open to reveal its smoked contents. The ribs are so tender, they slide off the bone, a good sign. You don't even have to pick them up. You can be civilized and use a knife and fork like your momma taught you. The grits were out of this world! To be fair, I don't eat grits often. I associate them with the instant variety, with a sand-like grainy texture. These grits were were delectably buttery and creamy, much like polenta. My friend enjoyed her chicken entree as well. The portions were so generous, we couldn't finish them. And believe me, I was famished--my last meal was at the airport at 6am EST and it was 9pm PST!Drinks were delicious but not potent. Lynch's Lemonade (Seagram's Sweet Tea, Absolut, Lemonade) packed the punch of a Mike's Hard Lemonade. I should have heeded our server's advice and ordered the Cucumber Gimlet (Hendrick's, cucumber, lime). They had some delicious-sounding seasonal drinks but were out of whipped cream, so my friend had to make another selection. She tends to favor stronger drinks so maybe she had better luck than I did.My portion of the bill came to $40 excluding tip. While it wasn't the best meal we had that week, the fact that it's open late, has generous portions, and is reasonably priced makes it a good value (for the Strip, anyway). If I were here with friends and they wanted to catch a game and drink some beers, this would be a place I would consider recommending.
4	We came here for a coworker's birthday lunch. I do think the strip could use more places like this - moderately priced, fun atmosphere, open for lunch, etc. It seems we have too many things on the uber-high end (and only open for dinner) or uber-low end (food courts, fast food, cafes). The space was great and the views of the strip are killer! I loved our booth right by the window overlooking the pirate disaster at TI. Service was just OK (he forgot to bring our soup and was slow in general), but unfortunately I've found mediocre service is becoming the norm on the strip..I was disappointed by how tiny the lunch menu was. Maybe 10 choices or so? Pretty slim pickings. The drink menu had 50 things, the food menu had just a few - what's up with that? Annoying when you're at a work lunch and not drinking! Prices were high-ish ($15-$20 on average) for the type of food it is, but it's on the strip in a swanky hotel so whatever, that's just part of it. 2 of us shared the pulled pork quesadillas and turkey club sandwich, and 2 others got the fish and chips. The turkey club sandwich DID taste just like the ones I ate at the country club growing up - but for $15 with no sides, I would have liked some primo ingredients (avocado or even cheese!). The pulled pork quesadilla was pretty awesome. It looked like a sushi roll with beautiful avocado layered on top, but it had that nice grilled crunch of a quesadilla. Unique, flavorful, and delicious. My coworkers seemed to really enjoy their fish and chips. For dessert we had chocolate creme brulee with toasted marshmallow on top. This was freaking awesome. Something different, well executed, and fun. Overall a nice change of pace from the high end stuff on the strip and the food court crap. It's pricier than what you'd expect to pay at this sort of place, but for the most part the quality and portion size is there and the atmosphere and strip views can't be beat.
4	My friends and I were looking for a bar where we could sit down and eat and watch one of the World Series games.  All the other bars we initially went to were full so we walked around and asked people who worked at the Palazzo; and they told us about this spot.  My friends and I were able to find a table near the bar and were able to watch the game on several TVs.  We came during happy hour so drinks were buy one get one free; this satisfied my need for beer during the game.  The food was quite yummy.  I was craving steak so I ordered the steak frites which was super delicious and the fries were crispy good.  Our waitress was super busy because of the World Series, but she still managed to make sure we were doing okay.Overall, great service, good food and happy hour rocks!
5	My first impression of this place is very positive!  I had the steak and eggs from First Food & Bar after a crazy night.  Being hungover is no fun and First sure knows how to get rid of that hangover with great service, atmosphere, and most importantly - food!  I will definitely go to First again to try out their drinks and lunch/dinner entrees.  So far it's two huge thumbs up!!
4	I would give 5 stars if it was not for the price. I ordered the fish & chips for$ 19.99. The fish was excellent and the horseradish fries were tasty. The pretzel (served as pre-meal bread) was warm & tasty served with 3 sauces.  The staff were friendly & helpful. Seems like a great place to go with a group to share some appetizers and drinks.
5	F to the YEAH!One of the best damn Sunday Brunches I have ever had. This place is rad and I will definitely make it spot to grab brunch at whenever I am in town. Standard 2 egg breakfast hit the spot and complimented my mimosas quite well. Our waitress was a total babe with impeccable taste in shoes, maybe because we own the same pair but she added to our experience. To add to the awesomeness, they have a cheap photobooth and I am sucker for those.
5	Sriracha ketchup?? yeah i said it. Sriracha ketchup in vegas. who knew? now if that didn't get you hooked let me finish my review.. lol. nice restaurant located in the venetian (or palazzo? they're connected). you'll see signs leading you there. it's far from the casino and a walk from the shops. the atmosphere is modern and spacious. the kitchen is exposed so you could watch the chefs cooking if you like. the menu is creative. a lot of fusion dishes and something for everyone. my friend got philly cheese steak potstickers (with sriracha ketchup!) and i got the lobster chowder (sounds bomb right??). the waiter was nice enough to let us split a martini. you know how drinks in vegas are huge? well we didn't want to be drunk at 1 in the afternoon sooooo.... lol. We split a cotton candy martini with mini martini glasses for each of us. SO yummy!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the food was great and in big portions. we dont eat too much and for appetizers to fill us up THAT much says a lot. help was friendly as expected. prices were reasonable. i really should go there at night to order a drink. they had one called L.Lohan = red headed slut... how cool!
5	A group of friends and i were looking for a place to eat, we walked into a wolfgang spot, and they were still not open, the hostess referred us to anothe wolfgang place, but one of the bus boys was like go check out First they are open right now and the food is good... Going to there, We were greeted nicely and given a table in no time. We had two servers who were both cool and funny people, recommended some dishes for us. Food came out in good timing and my plate was Amazing..For you meat lovers you gotta try the plate i had, i forgot the name but its a rib meat without the bone, but so tender and just melts in your mouth.. cooked to perfection.and dont forget to get the Sriracha ketchup, i usually make it at home and was shocked that they do it... made me fall in love with them
3	The food is good, and I really like the pretzels while waiting for food. Overall it was ok, I will try again during a happy hour because it is a little pricey full price there.
5	Truly a hidden gem in a sea of abundant over priced, mediocre restaurants with a view of the strip to boot! Four of us came with large appetites expecting some delicious food.  We were not let down.Baramundi in lobster sauce was AMAZING.  I actually licked the plate clean, the baramundi was perfectly fried, not overly greasy maintaining an epic crunch throughout the entire meal.  The cream sauce was flavorful, but not too sweet.  The lobster won-tons on top were just icing on top of an already fantastic meal.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.My friends had ordered the salmon, pork chops, and duck.  Everything was cooked to perfection and extremely yummy.  A little hard to find, but worth the effort, you will not be disappointed.  Ask for a booth next to the window and enjoy the view.
5	For a late night snack or a tasty brunch, this is my #1 when im in vegas. I'm usually staying at the Palazzo so it is very convenient. As mentioned above, i'm ususally there either late night or in the monring for breakfast. The must have are their  little mini donuts! they present them in a baby fryer basket and theyre dusted with sugar. i'm drooling just thinking about them!  so, besides that, their breakfast sliders are awesome and they come with a side of tots! these arent no school cafeteria tots either, these come out golden and super crispy with just the right amount of salt. Ive had a breakfast sandwich here also but I know they seem to change their menu up a little bit everytime i go there. You cant go wrong with a dish as long as it appeals to you. Philly cheesesteak dumplings with siracha ketchup.....cant go wrong with those either. hahaOne bad thing with this place is their hours, check the website but I believe they dont usually open in the morning until 11am or something like that. BUT....they are open until like 2am so its a fun place to go hang out at for some late night drinks if youre not a clubber. Also, unless you know the palazzo/venetian complex, its VERY hard to find this place. Its tucked away down one of the corridors off of the canal shops.
4	I went there on a sunday afternoon and we all had a very good meal. The meals we had wre a cuban sandwich, fish& chips and carpachio. The presentation was great along with the service. It was also a nice place to spend visiting with company for a couple of hours.
3	Brunch endless mimosas and champagne is cool! The DJ that was playing made our meal fun, lots of 80's and 90's music! We had the buffalo lollipops and the philly cheesesteak gyozas with scrricha ketchup  which were yum! The waitress recommended the brisket hash which I didn't like. It was two sunny side eggs on top of cubes of brisket with big cuts country potatoes sitting in grease. Others in our group had the sliders, burrito, and chicken and waffles which they said were good.
4	we went for the first time about 1.5 years ago and had great food and service.  we recently returned and while the service was still spot on, the food was hit or miss.  some things were super tasty (philly cheesesteak dumplings, fried oysters, cauliflower gratin) other things were not great (mushroom pappardelle (too sweet), walnut shrimp, orrecchiette).  i would go back but be wary of some non-too-grand items.
4	This review is a 4.5.  The ONLY drawback is that they don't open until 11am on a Sunday.  WTF???  No seriously, WTF?Now that we're over that, holy eggs benedict.  This is perhaps the most delicious dish I've ever tasted.  I am considering jumping on a plane to have it again.  Service and atmosphere were all solid and comfortable.
3	Decent food, albeit overpriced. Paid $19 for fish and chips, and $18 for mahi wrap. Tack on $7 for an order of tater tots, ala carte. Add another $4 for a sierra mist and my tab was $50 approx. That is a pretty conservative estimate for any 2 top eating there.
5	I don't think this place gets enough credit because it's hidden within this hotel. Food is moderately priced and delicious. I don't eat raw meat but couldn't stop eating my boyfriends medium raw prime rib!  Plus we went on Monday night and wine bottles were half price!
4	Wandered in here in search for a little hair of the dog after a weekend in Vegas. The first thing I saw was a giant sign for their bloody mary bar/unlimited mimosas (automatically +10 points). Not just any bloody mary bar though...it was accompanied by one of the best DJ's I've ever heard. Best mashup he spun while I posted up at the bar was definitely Santeria/Should I Stay or Should I Go. All of us nursing our hangovers definitely got a little pep in our step with these kind of tunes! After perusing the menu (even though I wasn't hungry, I saw things like Ore-Ida tater tots,  Chicken and Waffles, and lollipop buffalo wings. Nom nom), I finally decided to give their Red-Eye Mojito a try. Holy wow.Bicardi Torched Cherry, real brandied cherries, and loads and loads of M & L. It was magically delicious, and I downed the first one. Although I only had an hour before my flight back home, I did the rockstar thing and decided to give in for another one (which I proudly carried out in a to-go cup. very tourist-y of me). The ambiance of this place is pretty rad...lots of light, great view of the Strip, and tucked away in the Palazzo not too far from the Reservation desk. Also have to note the fun music, awesome bartenders, and a pretty chill crowd. Aside from the bar and standard dining tables, you can also sit in their lounge area in comfy low chairs and benches. If I lived in the area I would definitely haunt this place with friends for brunch/libations. Cheers!
2	We were told by the concierge that they served brunch on Sat, so we went for that. However, when we got there, they only had lunch. The food tends to run around $20 a plate. A cup of tea was $4. When we received the food, it was greasy and overfried. Not very tasty at all. Overall, we left highly disappointed. Maybe they are good for drinks, brunch, or a late night snack, but lunch was a bad idea.
3	Had a chance to sample a lot of their food at the opening party, thought it was awesome bar food w a cool vibe. Despite that great first impression, I've only been back maybe 4 times in 2yrs - reason being that its ridiculously overpriced. Stopped by First after drinks at Lavo and had the Philly cheesesteak dumpling appetizer ($15) and an enormous blta sandwich ($18). Dumplings were great but I doubt I would've paid that much for an appetizer if I wasn't already drunk. The sandwich was also overpriced (note that fries are not included), but it was pretty awesome. I uploaded a pic - about a foot long, loaded up w thick cut crisp bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, avocado slices and really spicy chipotle Mayo. Enough for 2, possibly 3 ppl.The price is really the only thing that stops me from going there more often. Well that and you can't really have a fun bar atmosphere when the place is 3/4 empty as its been every time I've been there. They also seem to have changed the menu quite a bit. I noticed a large portion of the menu was now overpriced lobster dishes. My beloved btla was in tiny writing in the corner - never would've ordered it or even noticed it if a friend hadn't already talked it up a couple months ago. Guess they're trying to push the even more overpriced things onto the few customers that can find first tucked away in a corridor next to Barney's.
4	Walked in here randomly with my friends and sat down for lunch, was pleasantly surprised by the dishes, they had some really creative items on the menu.  My meal was a BLTA (bacon, lettuce, tomato, + avocado) and home-cut fries, and it was a unique twist on a classic, it was served open faced on a crispy grilled baguette.  A large and tasty sandwich!  My friend ordered the macaroni & cheese with doritos, which was very tasty.  You'd never think to sprinkle some doritos on mac & cheese, but in this case, it worked!  My other friend ordered a burger and shoestring fries, and after trying the shoestring fries, I wished I ordered some. We sat in a booth that offered a really nice view of the strip.  This is a nice place to have lunch or drinks, and it's located in a convenient location within the Palazzo.
4	BLTA (bacon, lettuce, tomato, avocado) sandwich is outstanding, its big so you can probably split it with someone and not leave hungry. Prices are a little on the high side otherwise I'd give 5 stars.  Service has been very good each time I've been there.I make this one of my must do lunch spots when in Vegas.
2	I so want to give this place a higher rating, but I just can't. I want to love this place - and I keep trying to. But alas, it keeps failing me. Maybe I just have a knack for coming at the wrong time and choosing the wrong menu items?The menu items always sound enticing. There are always so many things I want to eat here. But I've always left disappointed. The wings were ok, but not good enough to even finish (a little too greasy and fatty). Though, the blue cheese (which was served warm) was excellent. The truffle fries were just overwhelmed by bad truffle oil. The mac 'n' cheese topped with Doritos was interesting, but not worth a repeat eat. The expensive truffle and foie gras cheesesteak was a failure of epic proportions. And just how is it that you can manage to make a wedge salad taste bad? The pretzels and dipping sauces are the best thing here. And don't even get me started on the cocktails. Just stick with the beer list.I love the set-up and decor. It's a great spot. It's exactly what you would want out of a 24-hour place in an upscale casino. It's just dark enough. It's just large enough. And it has an excellent bar area (my preferred seating section). It can be way too loud sometimes, though.And I've yet to have a good service experience here. Everyone always just seems rather unfriendly, inattentive, and a bit on the arrogant side.
4	Had a welcome dinner here with drinks and heavy appetizers.  Delish food!!!!Mini sliders were tasty, quesidillas were very very good, cinnamon donut was simple yet satisfying for your sweet tooth.  Would definately recommend for American food.
4	I came here with the bf and my mom and her sister.  We were looking for food at 9pm and were trying to figure out what to eat.  We passed by the kitchen window viewing area and saw the lobster roll.  We were definitely intrigued and ended up going here after wandering around the palazzo shops.The calamari was delicious.  The philly cheesesteak dumplings were delicious.  My aunt got the lobster roll which had SO MUCH LOBSTER.  My aunt said that it was better than the ones she's gotten in Maine.  I had the lobster meatballs which were so delicious.  there was a lot of lobster in them, and the pasta that was served with the meatballs was also excellent.  However, I like pasta without a lot of sauce, and this pasta was perfect for me.  If you like sauce on your pasta, this dish may not be for you.Bf and my mom had the filet which was also excellent.  The service was pretty excellent too.  The guy walking around saw that my boyfriend was trying to find out the score in the Pac-10 basketball tournament and he changed it to a Pac-10 game (I think)A fun take on American comfort food!
4	A family friend's night-before-wedding dinner social was here, and they served continuous platters of finger food. 4 stars for the delicious chestnut shrimp with glaze. Yum!
1	I've been here three or four times when I was in Vegas and this last time I was sober.  Eating there sober was a very rude awakening!! I had told my friends we had to come here because the atmosphere was fun and the food was decent.  I think I must have just been hammered before.  The food was awful and way overpriced.  With a million different places to go in Vegas, I will never come here again.
4	Chef Sammy D !!!! Great place , it's our hangout . Stop by on Sundays!!!!!!Champagne
2	the only good thing i have to say about this place is that their wait staff is awesome!  my husband had the double decker iowa or something like that and he said it was just ok. i had the grilled chicken that was not that great.  we shared an order of fries because it was big enough and you have to order everything a la carte.  this place was pretty pricy for what it is and not really worth it.  If i am going to pay $50 for two okay burgers and an order of fries, it's supposed to be worth it!
4	This place is great! Went here with a friend and we ordered the mahi mahi tacos appetizer, the filet mignon entree, and two sides (asparagus and Doritos mac and cheese). It was happy hour, so we each had a beer with their 2 for 1 special.I really like the decor in here. Very trendy and great view. The service was excellent as well. They serve you soft pretzels with mustard instead of bread with butter, which was interesting. I'm not a huge pretzel fan, but they were pretty good for pretzels.The rest of the food was excellent. The filet was perfectly cooked. And both the asparagus and mac and cheese were super tasty.It is on the pricey side, but you do get what you pay for. I would definitely recommend.
5	My husband and I were eager to try this place after reading so many good reviews!  We were happily rewarded with a phenomenal lunch!Location:  A bit tricky to find but in the area of Barneys at the PalazzoService:  Patient and helpful!Decor:  Totally awesome with a photo stand, bike, dark wood!   Love, love, love it!  Plus, several of the tables have a great view of the Strip!Drinks:  There are a ton of fun options.  We ordered the white sangria (small pitcher), which provided four glasses of fruity goodness.Food:  Everything on the menu sounded good (but expensive).  We selected the french dip, truffle tater tots, and a sandwich recommended by the waiter with ham and cheese.  All were totally amazing and completely worth every cent.  Delicious!I recommend dining when they open, so you can get one of the seats by the windows.  Although 60 dollars is pricey for lunch, we had a fabulous time and are ready to go back when we stay at the Palazzo in September!
4	A very cool hidden gem in the Palazzo.  Great view of the strip...fancy bar food and a semi-casual atmosphere...would be a great place for birthdays or big groups...or even to catch a game.  Highly recommended!
4	+ Awesome service+ delicious steak+ thin crispy shoe string fries+ super fluffy cinnamon sugar donuts+ heirloom tomato salad with basil - YUM+ border crosser (shot of tequila + beer)Came here with friends in hopes of delicious delicious meat. They change their menus so what we were hoping to get was no longer on the menu, sigh. However, the manager came buy and said if we ever call in a day before hand they'll be sure to make it for us - score.Our group ended up ordering various steaks topped with eggs and frites, and I ordered the lobster pasta. Everything was delicious and freshly made. But my favorite was the donuts, seriously something about that light and fluffy dough coated in cinnamon sugar. Plus it comes with 3 dipping sauces (chocolate, caramel, berry compote) OMG. If you go save room for dessert!
5	Totally forgot to write about the five course (fixed) meal had here over Thanksgiving. Absolutely killer meal. If I had not been sitting at First Food I would have said it was one of the best home cooked meals I had ever had. My only complaint was there was not a 11am seating. I would really like to take some friends who are in the industry (like others they have to work Thanksgiving evening). I wish I could remember the woman's name who was our server, she was outstanding. I was with a couple that was old enough to be her grandparents and was not sure how that would work out. She fawned all over them for the couple hours we were there. I could not have been more happy. Think of First Food as traditional American food made by a talented chef infused with the love of his craft. And for non holiday activities- sliders, wings and cocktails are all very good.
4	We ended up here after getting terrible service at another restaurant and leaving before the food came.  Boy, are we glad we found this place!The cheese teak dumplings were good, very interesting combination of taste and texture, and we found the desert (short stack of doughnuts) to be AMAZING!  The doughnuts were light and fluffy and not greasy, and the dipping sauces (chocolate, caramel, and raspberry) were a perfect compliment.I have the Jersey (BLTA & dorito topped macaroni & cheese) were great.  My companion got the french dip which was just wonderful- the meat was expertly seasoned and not greasy and the au jus was light but flavorful.Over all and execellent meal, and we would be happy to recommend this place to anyone.
5	Wow the food there its Outstanding.. very fun place with a great atmosphere. The service was great and the manager Rafael was excelent...Had a good time Love this place!
2	Awesome music and good service. Two stars.... because regardless of ambiance and service, the food HAS to deliver. Otherwise, I might as well stay home and simply dim the lights and throw on a CD of mashups. At least that way, I can wear sweats.We had finished seeing Le Reve and were feeling ready to get our noms on. We wandered upon a very empty First Food & Bar. As the boy says, "That should have been our first clue."We sat in the bar area and ordered our drinks while perusing the very enticing-sounding menu. He got a Stella and I got the Tiger's Blood (really, just based on the humor principle). Obviously, anything named Tiger's Blood is going to be a bit crazy to order... way too sweet to drink while eating. That really was just my mistake, as our server Stacy asked me if I cared for it after seeing me barely drinking it. The fact that she was willing, throughout the whole meal in fact, to try to make the experience pleasurable is enough to merit two stars. However...We ordered the fish and chips, the lobster chowder and the chicken sandwich. Fish and chips were super-greasy, and not even in the "OMG I'm so drunk, this is amazing" type of way.... more in the "OMG I am going to be so sick from both ends later" type of way. The chicken sandwich probably would have been tasty had the bread not been COMPLETELY blackened and tasting like charcoal. Seriously gross, since the taste rubbed off on the chicken, making it useless to even remove the bread to enjoy the insides. The lobster chowder was probably the best thing... marginally so, as it was so oily that I was trying to maneuver the spoon around the slicks on top of the soup.Again, Stacy (SUCH a sweetie) asked us if we wanted anything else instead. We dumbly opted to try to salvage what was left in front of us... but seriously, guys? The kitchen is OPEN for all to see you destroy what could have potentially been an awesome late-night meal. The concept is good, but without execution, it's all just a dream. Not a return for me, or a recommendation...
3	I liked it!! My husband got the Deep Fried Lobster Tail with Corn Waffles, and it was delish! I totally wanted his meal when I got it, I settled on the homemade Lobster pop pie, was good, but wish it had more lobster.  We were so tired so didn't have time to try the Froot Loop Creme Brulee and they told us about the Dorito's encrusted Mac and Cheese too late, otherwise we would have totally ordered it. I like the innovation this restuarant brings to Vegas.  Although we had 3 servers, it's too hard to figure out who to ask things for or who to tip. This is farely new restuarant, I think it's been here for about 2 years, but it's in a good location right near the entrance at the Shoppes at Palazzo.
4	Jim G. and I have only ever eaten here during the late night hours, so factor that in to your own decision making process.  happy Hour is from 4-6 and midnight-2am!The vibe here is cool, with loud, often good music, and a nice view of the front of Palazzo and Venetian.  Keeps the energy up! The only downside is that this place is far away from most of the other stuff in the hotels, but it's worth the trek (as long as you have comfy shoes. Trust me on that...).Things we've tried:-Philly Cheesesteak Dumplings: Very tasty, served with a sriracha ketchup to add a little heat =)-Lollipop Buffalo Wings: Tasty, but a much larger order than I anticipated. Be ready to share!!-Lobster Chowder: Not too impressed with this dish.  It's super big (which helps justify the price), but not as flavorful as I expected. I'd pass on this.-Tater tots with cheese (can't remember the type, but very flavorful) and truffle oil!: This dish was big on flavor and on fun! Crisp tots, nice gourmet cheese, and the punch of truffles. Yes, please.-For me, the reason to return: Macaroni and Cheese topped with Doritos!! If this isn't late night food, I don't know what it. The mac and cheese is good, the Doritos are awesome. Together, it's a cheesy, crunchy heaven. Order it. Just do it!I'll be ordering that Mac n Cheese again really soon. Hope to see you there! =)
5	The most fun food in town.  Chef Sammy knows what he's doing to hit that crave that's in the pit of your stomach calling to you from your childhood.  Sit back, stuff your face and get your drink on. Oh yeah, don't forget about brunch.
4	If you are in the mood for some late night dining after an evening of drinking this place offers some great bites. First Food and Bar is down a way too long hallway in the Venetian but once you get there the energy, music, and food compensate for the walk. As usual I was looking for a late night food fix after a long LV night. Most of the food options were a perfect match for a late night snack but they also add a touch of intrigue and innovation.We shared a couple different appetizer style dishes. My star was of course the TRUFFLE tater tots. A fine dining ingredient meets its match with the rough and tumble tater from the Midwest, but how does it work. The next unlikely duo was the mac n' cheese with crushed Doritos on top. You either just said, "mmmmm" or "eeewww" but that reaction and innovation on many of the items will keep me coming back. If you still aren't done drinking they also offer a late night happy hour.
3	I can't help myself when a restaurant has a grilled cheese & tomato soup combo on the lunch menu, and First Food & Bar's didn't disappoint.  It was a perfect place to grab a quick lunch and a brew in the Venetian.
4	I had to find a place to chill by myself for 1 night in Vegas before my friends arrived.  The Concierge recommended this place to me as a lively place with decently priced cocktails.  Checked it out since I didn't really feel like walking around aimlessly by myself.  I originally only planned on getting an appetizer and a couple drinks so I just sat at the bar.  I ordered their Famous Lollipop Buffalo Wings and dude, they were bangin!  Didn't really feel like eating much so I just started getting recommendations on drinks from the bartenders.  The bartenders are awesome!  Down to earth and super friendly!  Cynthia was awesome to talk to and super sweet.  She was testing out some recipes of her own and let me try some.  It was awesome!  We named it Cynthia's Sweet Juice.  Not sure if it will stick, but they have some awesome names for their cocktails there.  Michael seemed to have been one of the masterminds behind most of them and gave me a rundown of most of their list.  I actually ended up trying almost all of them!  My favorite was the cucumber gimlet.  I don't like drinks too sweet so the gimlet was awesome!  Highly recommend!After my 'taste tests' the night I was there, I ended taking the entire bachelor party back the next night for dinner.  I ended trying some REAL food and it was fabulous to say the least.  I also ordered another gimlet and a special round of "Cynthia's Sweet Juice" for our table.  This place also does an open bar after 10pm for $40 ($60 for premium drinks).  Considering premium drinks are typically $20 each at the clubs, this was a great deal.  We all had a great time here before heading out.  I really think the awesome bartenders made this place special for me though.  4 stars for the restaurant.  5 stars for the bartenders!
1	I once had an amazing experience here so I decided to take my best friend and my boyfriend so that they may also enjoy the great food and service I once experienced.  It was disappointing the second time around -  our waitress was lazy and didn't care much about the patrons.  She sat around at the bar area most of the time even after we've flagged her several times.  She got our orders wrong and was just plain rude.  I seriously couldn't even remember the meal because she made the experience so horrible.  Won't come back here again!
5	Came here again for dinner.  We kept changing our reservation time and they were very accomodating. We had great seats by the window with a view of the TI Sirens show.  Our waitress was sooo sweet and attentive.  We loved the pretzels to start with the 3 types of mustard.  Also ordered the fish tacos, pretty tasty.  My favorite hands down "Best thing I EVER ate" was the lobster rolls.  OMG, I wanted to order another one right away!  The bread was soft and tender.  I loved my drink which used Jones' black cherry soda and whipped cream vodka!Also loved the donut sundae, wow.  I just love this restaurant, the menu is fun and modern...they just changed it so go in and try the new stuff!
5	One of the best restaurants in las Vegas! Their lobster rolls are to die for! And their sugar donuts are the best! Their menu is filled with variety and uniqueness. I will definitely be coming back every time I'm in sin city.
5	This place is incredible!  We can't wait to go back!First is a restaurant/bar located on the second floor of the Palazzo.  They have a lot on the menu, but when I think of it I think of "gourmet appetizers", and I mean that in a good way.  The walnut shrimp is one of many highlights.  They also do a version of chicken mcnuggets, just a bit more upscale, that is unbelievably good.  Oh, and don't miss out on the pretzels.Add to that a great selection of draft beer, including craft beer and microbrews from all over.  First has a casual atmosphere.  Our servers were outstanding.  The chef was hanging around and greeting people when we were there, too.  Unfortunately it was a little quiet even though we were there during a busy long weekend in Vegas.  We got the sense that it might not be doing so well because of its location.  However, I hope word of mouth sustains the place because it can be recommended to so many different groups of people- large parties of all ages, couples, families with teens- it's one of the rare places that can appeal widely without coming across as compromising.And for a late night snack I haven't come across a better option in all of Las Vegas.  I love this place!
4	My friends and I went here around midnight because all the other fancy schmancy restaurants were closed and this place did not disappoint!The first thing I ordered was a drink, of course. I don't remember the name but it was a mojito and the only mojito on the drink menu. Man, it was delicious! It wasn't too sweet like the mojitos I had at home and I really love the minty taste and smell of it. If you like mojito you should totally try this version.For appetizer, I got the FAMOUS LOLLIPOP BUFFALO WINGS. Yup..they're like little lollipop of chicken meat. They're crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. With just the right amount of spiciness to them. Good stuff!And for my main course, I got the "MAIN LINE" PHILLY CHEESESTEAK with seared foie gras. OMG the foie gras is $6 extra but totally worth it!! GET THIS SUB!! Sure you'll clog your artery but totally worth it. I'm now a foie gras addict...they broke me.
4	My first experience here was eh. I didn't like the set up of their menu. I kinda think this place should be a place where you treat it like a tapas bar- order several things with your friends and share. We got the grilled pizza, Doritos mac and cheese and buffalo lollipops.I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza. The wings were delicious and I loved the fact that it came with cucumbers- great contrast. The Doritos mac and cheese disgusted me at first but it shockingly tasted pretty delicious. A must try.
4	We went here twice while in Vegas.  The first time was a night with the girls and we had a wide variety of things.  The pizza was yummy but nothing you can't find anywhere.  The buffalo wing lollipops were very good and easy to eat without making a mess of yourself.  The lobster rolls were sooooo good.  Perfect little bites of lobster goodness.  But the show stopper and reason I took my husband back was the cheesesteak dumplings with sriracha ketcup.  SOOO good!  I ordered the mojito and it was a bit sweet for me but both mixed drinks were strong (in a good way).  Our first waiter was very honest with us about what he recommends which I always love.  Great atmosphere and fun food!
1	Food quality was very disappointing. Our medium rare steaks came out very well done, and the chicken tasted like cardboard. There are many better choices out there.On the plus side, the mojitos were great.
4	We came here around 7:30 on a Saturday night to grab some sustenance to soak up all the booze to come later and there was no wait.The hostess was friendly and our waiter was very knowledgeable of the menu offering advice on what was good and answering all of our questions.  First things first, be sure to ask for the pretzels!  A nice change from a bread basket and FREE.  They're gourmet soft pretzels served with three types of mustard-tasting dips.  A nice way to start off the meal.One of my girlfriends and I shared the Lobster Seafood Fra Diablo since we were told it was enough to feed two. It was enough to feed two and more!  A huge pile of linguine with mussels, shrimp, clams, and a WHOLE 1 1/2 lb maine lobster!  It was amazing.  I don't like mussels and even they weren't bad.  We might've been able to finish it all, but I restrained myself so I could still fit in my dress later.  At $42, it's a splurge but definitely enough to share.I tried some of the Magic Mushroom Pappardelle also and it was really good.  If you like mushrooms and garlic, you'll love it.  The truffle butter sauce is tasty, but heavy.  Don't get the garlic bread as it is very buttery and not needed with this pasta.  I also tried some of the BBQ Pulled Pork Eggroll.  It was just okay.  It has a Dr. Pepper BBQ sauce which sounds cute, but I couldn't taste any Dr. Pepper.  It has a kick to it too if you like spicy.    Overall the food was very good and I imagine even better when you're eating here after a night out on the town!
4	Went here two times in the same weekend we loved it so much!  Rafael (one of the managers) was very gracious and accomodating to our party. He brought us several appetizers to try-the walnut shrimp, bacon shrimp poppers and philly cheesesteak dumplings.  The dumplings were my favorite and everyone else really loved the walnut shrimp (I'm allergic to nuts to I couldn't try them).  I shared the french dippity doo with one of my friends and it comes on hot challah bread-divine.  The rest of our party loved their food as well.  I'd highly recommend the Cherry Popper Panty Dropper (drink) very yummy and refreshing and end your meal with their homemade donuts!  They are unlike any donut you've ever had!We loved it at First and we will be back each time we visit Vegas!
4	Went at 5pm and made a reservation on a WED but didn't need to. Ordered the cheesesteak potstickers which were delicious, comes with sirracha ketchup. Keep in mind that they will serve you complementary pretzels with three different mustard sauces. By the time our entree's arrived my stomach was reaching maximum capacity. I ordered the barramundi fish with lobster wontons, looks small but fufilling and so delicious my tastebuds were in shock. Well worth the $28! Counterpart ordered the steak frites which landed this place 4 stars since he only had three choices of how his meat would be cooked- well, medium, or rare. He opted for rare and that's what he got, although I can't complain about the size of the steak, fries that were serves with it were shoestring and they were okay. Misty was and excellent service, customer service was awesome and they get bonus points in my book for having a photobooth in the restaurant. A must visit in Vegas!
3	I think place would be perfect after drinking. Awesome drunk food. We went for a late lunch, on the labor day weekend, and the place was surprisingly dead.We were seated right away, and our waiter arrived quickly as well. The staff was friendly.We started with some cocktails, The Cotton Candy Kiss, sweet drink and you can taste the elderflower, it was an okay drink. We also tried the Noah Ellis #48, suppose to taste like the milk left in your bowl after cereal, to me it tasted like a white russian but not as sweet, my husband thought it tasted like liquor with milk. He also got a Red Eye Mojito, I liked it, even though I'm not a big mojito fan, my husband thought it tasted like sangria.For food we got the Bacon Wrapped Shrimp Popper,(16$), 4 shrimp, that seemed a bit over cooked, all you can taste is bacon, I liked the sauce but I wouldn't get it again. We also split a Main Line Philly Cheesesteak, it was a bit greasy but really tasty. A fancy version of a regular cheesesteak. We also split the Doritos Mac and Cheese, it was good, the mac and cheese was very generic, but the doritos made it special, we'll definitely make it at home.I would  go back if I had the chance, I know my husband has dreams about the cheesesteak.
5	First Food & Bar has the BEST Sunday brunch I have ever had, in any city! I just moved here from Chicago and have been to a lot of brunches, and this one takes the cake! Not only are the naughty school girls amazing, but the food, unlimited mimosas and bloody Mary cart make for such a great culinary experience!  When you come to Vegas, leave on Monday and hit up this place Sunday afternoon - it's definitely worth it and a great way to leave the fabulous city of Las Vegas in style!! Cheers and much love to the naughty school girls, you make for such an amazing experience!!
4	Man the drive from San Diego to Vegas is a bitch... especially when you leave during rush hour and have to sit in traffic!  But rolling into Vegas and heading straight tio First made the drive worth while.The atmosphere is a bit loud but funky and fun.  If you want to have a conversation I dont recommend going there at night, but if you want good American style food, well this is your place.  A basket of tater tots, sliders, mac & cheese, all the "gut buster" food you can imagine.  All yummy and all served by a fun server!Overall this is not my favorite place to eat in Vegas (I have yet to yelp about Carne Vino - the best dining experience EVER) but this is a great place to get great American style food in a fun atmosphere.
5	I'm a local and go to First for Brunch frequent with my friends and guests from out of town!! The servers and Rafael the manager are amazing!!  I love the school girl outfits!! It gives it a Vegas touch and something other brunch places don't offer!! The 3 some, Rafeal Breakfast Burrito and Philly cheese steak dumplings are amazing just to mention a few items!! Since finding First Sunday is my favorite day of the week!! A huge Thank you again to everyone at First!!!
5	When visiting my friends in Las Vegas, they brought me to First for Sunday brunch.  Between the great service (waitress and bloody mary cart girl were so friendly and wore adorable school girl outfits) and fantastic food (I had the make your own omelette), I understood why my friends loved First.  Cheers to the manager Rafael (who came by to introduce himself and see how we all were) and his staff for a great experience and excellent Sunday brunch.  Next time I am in town for a visit, I will be back for sure:)  Cheers to First!
4	On my birthday, we decided to venture over to The Palazzo for some brunch. Not really knowing exactly what we were looking for as far as food, we walked to The Shoppes at The Palazzo and stumbled upon First Food & Bar. The inside is huge and there is a spacious bar and the ambiance was very friendly and inviting.There was a DJ playing hip hop, dance music and my personal favorite...'ITS THE REMIX TO IGNITION, HOT AND FRESH OUT THA KITCHEN' hahah jk ;) (whatever, you know you secretly love that song) I immediately knew I was in for a very different brunch experience than I was normally used to, haha. Perfect to start the birthday celebration!The menu consisted of brunch staples like eggs benedict, pancakes, waffles, chicken & waffles, pizzas, and breakfast burritos. They also had tons of options for smaller plates and munchies like tator tots and buffalo wings. We ordered:-Traditional Eggs Benny with Homefries, $19-Two-Handed BLTA Sandwich, $19-Grilled Grandma Style Pizza, basically a Margherita pizza, $14-Your "First" Threesome with Homefries, like an eggs benedict but with biscuits, BBQ pork, cheddar cheese, and spicy hollandaise sauce, $18-Unlimited Champagne Fountain for Mimosas, $10I had the traditional eggs benny and it was A LOT of food! It was so delicious and I especially loved the homefries - potatoes with onions and peppers. I really tried my best to finish everything but I just couldn't - felt a little sad about that. The boyfriend had the "First" Threesome and absolutely LOVED it, haha. I tried a bite of it and it had tons of flavor! I definitely recommend both! My friends had the BLTA sandwich which was HUGE and was definitely perfect for leftovers; Grilled Grandma Style Pizza was with a thin crust and my friend loved the fresh basil and sauce.Our server was really sweet, attentive, and fun; definitely kept the party going by always making sure we had enough champagne for mimosas. I would definitely recommend First Bar and Food - really fun menu and an equally fun atmosphere in a beautiful hotel!
3	3.5 stars - Ordered the pre-fixe show dinner.   The food was good.   Started with a chopped flavorful salad that could have been tops except it tasted like it been made a while earlier.  Chicken Parma was old school variety and it was very good and they provide large portions, so if you're hungry...   The techno music was so loud that we couldn't even talk and it was only 6:30 p.m.  Front desk and wait staff were attentive.  Good service.
4	I really liked FirstFirst is an American style and themed restaurant in The Venetian.  It has burgers, pizza, salads and a few interesting mains.  The service is really goodFirst course were the salads.  These people serve the best Caeser ever..really flavorful.  For my main, I had the pasta, which was fresh with a great red sauce.  My 5 colleagues really enjoyed their food as wellIf you are looking for a great place with a classic menu, First is an excellent choice
5	I have been to First Food and Bar with large parties (8 or more) of "foodies" three times now. What a fun place! The food has been amazing each time. I suppose you can call it upscale American bar food...a fun gastropub. Chef Sammy D (Demarco) takes traditional (comfort food) fare and makes it unique. This past visit I was knocked out by the Pumpkin Ravioli, the Short Ribs and Blackened Skirt Stake, the Frito Pie (chili), three fresh fish dishes (our party shared all of the dishes) and the Dirt Pie dessert was extraordinary. This visit I noticed that the bar menu had expanded to include dozens of great craft, regional and micro beers from all over the world. The menu even offered pairing suggestions.My wife and I have sent many people to First for special events and private parties. There is always a great DJ and a video bar.Very good service and prices that are significantly lower than comparable Las Vegas Strip restaurants. A gem.
4	Great place for late night munchies and a beer! First Food & Bar is open very late and located close to the upstairs entrance. Very dark lighting that makes for a really laid back vibe. I ordered the chicken mcfingers with waffles and a fried egg. Sooo good! The waffles were crispy and the batter had to have cinnamon and other good spices. The maple syrup doused over the chicken and waffles was real, not artificial. The host and server were very friendly despite having to serve us at 2AM. Great beers on tap and mixed drinks. Overall, great late night joint on the strip!
3	I thought it was okay. We had our friend's birthday dinner here, and at first we were impressed, but when the entrees starting coming out, it started to go downhill.For appetizers we got the buffalo chicken things, mac and cheese, free pretzel bread. The entrees, I got the linguine with clams, and boy it was so dry and plain! They need more of something. My friend got the steak and boy it was so salty! They needed less salt there. The only thing that was good was the truffle mushroom pasta. Everything else was either too much of something or too little.
5	Friendly personal service all night long on the strip. Yummy appetizers, large portions. Delicious beer. We'll be back.
5	After eating there 3 times with a few of the pickiest eaters i know, i can say the food is truly outstanding.  Had an excellent experience for both lunch and dinner.  Offers a very creative and eclectic menu, not to mention the nice ambiance.  Terrific service as well.  Very reasonably priced-- been to Vegas over a dozen times-- for this quality food and atmosphere, First, by far, offers the best value in Vegas.  Wish i could give it 6 stars!
4	I found this place in the Las Vegas Weekly magazine, what caught my eye was the cinnabun french toast on the front page of the mag and I had to come here right away. This hidden gem is hard to find, very obscure location on the second floor of the Palazzo shops. We made a reservation, but didn't need one, the place is pretty big, so I can't imagine there would be a wait. We were seated right away and drink orders placed......$17 all you can drink mimosas on Sunday. Our glasses never went empty until we had to call it quits. We had a large group, so we each ordered something different to share, the cinnabun french toast was extraordinary, but I was pleasantly surprised at how much I fell in love with the chicken and waffles, who know such flavors meshed so well? We added a egg over easy and I have to tell yea I couldn't resist going in for more. The chicken, egg, waffles and syrup went together so well! For apps you have to try the doritos mac & cheese, lollipop buffalo wings and the philly cheesesteak dumplings. Trust me!Only negative was, the DJ was playing the music soooooo loud I couldn't hear my friend sitting next to me. Oh well, I will just eat instead of talking.....
3	When this place first opened it was the BOMB! 5 stars for sho!    But I've been about 4 times since and I was told by the bartender that management has changed and the food is not as good. I totally agree, the food isn't as good as it was before, my Tater Tots were burnt, and noodles sticky and cold.  My husband loves the Mainstream Cheesesteak and I try different things every time.  I got the filet last visit, it was way over cooked.  The one thing that remains good is the Warm goat cheese appetizer   I really like the atmosphere here and the food is still ok, but I judging by my last visit, this place better get it together.
3	Tried the lobster pasta, it was ok...but I am not a big fan of lobster so maybe that could just be me. A nice place to grab a meal in Vegas.
4	The food is fun!  I had the frito pie, the chorizo chili is delicious but they need to give more chili, there were too many fritos and I finished the chili way before the fritos ran out.  I probably could have asked for more.  The pulled pork egg rolls are dangerously good, with grits and corn.  If you get a combo plate you get smaller portions of each thing, which is better for smaller appetites.  I never finish my food so it was good for me.  The bartender was helpful, she had a tattoo of a pirate on her back, I thought it was the Captain Morgan Spiced Rum guy, but I think it's a sports team thing, I don't know.  The other bartender that day was chatty and nice.  I sat at the bar because I was by myself, it's a good way to dine alone.  The music is loud but awesome, they have a good play list.  I'd eat here again but would come with others because there were so many things I wanted to try.I overheard they do chicken breast and waffles at Sunday brunch.
4	Thursday is ladies night!  5 dollar drinks, awesome.  We ordered all appetizers.  The Philly cheesesteak dumplings were amazing.  The mini lobster rolls were buttery and succulent.  I would pass on the Doritos Mac and cheese, pastrami hot pocket and fritos pie.
4	Had a little meal before going out and was surprisingly satisfied. I shared a pulled pork egg roll and Waldorf salad with my gf. Surprisingly, I liked the pulled pork egg roll. I'm so against Asian fusion but this one worked. Had a lot of good flavors. The Waldorf salad was standard. I also too a couple of bites of the doritos mac n cheese and that was very cheese and good. Loved the texture from the doritos. I also dug into tater tots that was covered with cheese. I love tater tots and I love cheese! Good food and lovely restaurant. Very chic. Wish I was trying to keep my tummy flat or else I would have ordered more.
5	Absolutely my favorite place to be!
4	Pretty darn good. A fancier gastropub. Good for groups. Big place, not very busy. We had the philly cheesesteak dumplings, pad thai, slider, and the dirt cake. I would highly rec the dirt cake. The presentation is fantastic. Very cool view of the strip facing north. It's a little pricey for what it is  and the servers are a little..how do I say...douchey. Overall, pretty good experience and I'd probably go again.
4	Came here on a Friday around 11-12ish with a group of 10. The group ordered some cocktails (can't really remember what we ordered) and we ordered philly cheesesteak dumplings, calamari, the burger, chicken and waffles, and the tater tots.Everything was phenomenal! My boyfriend said his burger was the best he ever ate and the portions for the entree was HUGE. All in all, I think we spent like $30/pp and we had a great time. Also, although the entrees are a huge portion, the appetizers, while inventive and yummy, are a bit on the pricier end.There's also a DJ for late nights but there wasn't a lot of people so it was sortof weird having just us on the dance floor.First Food & Bar is a great place for late eats and although hidden away a really great deal for Vegas standards.
4	The starter sampler is definitely worth trying as the lollipop wings are a real treat.   They also have an interesting gin and tonic with a spherical ice cube with what looks like a branch from a Christmas tree sticking out of it.  I like any drinks that remind me of christmas and the smell of this drink just makes you feel warm and festive.
4	Good food, interesting drinks, reasonable prices.  Lollipop chicken wings were excellent.  Cucumber gimlet was yummy.  Solid food, unpretentious atmosphere.  Good, fast service.
4	Best kept secret of Vegas! My girls and I stepped in for drinks and appetizers before heading out to TAO nightclub. The place wasn't packed full but there was still a pretty good size crowd for a Thursday evening. Club atmosphere and great view of the strip along side of the restaurant. We were instantly greeting by good looking staff who explained to us that there was a special going on and our drinks would be half off and showed us to the bar/lounge area. The music was extra cool. The food was great. American meets inventive couture, I'd call it. Not your usual BLT and mac n cheese. definitely done up with a fun and hip twist. The Lemonade cocktail was not only delicious, it was entertaining as the lemonade came out in a little "product" baggie. I am imagining that my review is not doing the place justice. So you'll have to try it out. While you are there take a picture with a friend in the photo booth and place it on the wall in the back ;) Fun times fun times, we have made it a point to go back every time we visit Vegas
2	Mistakenly went again forgetting we'd been here before. Was just as disappointing, even more actually because the amazing pretzels they used to give you seem to have disappeared :(It's Vegas, you can do much better.
4	First food and bar definitely does not disappoint.  The food is best shared and it's bar food at its classy best.  The meal starts out with some complimentary pretzel bread.  While the bread itself smelled amazing and the insides tasted good, there was a bit too much salt for me.  Some people enjoyed it though, especially with the delicious dijon they serve along side.The hits of the meal were definitely the lollipop buffalo wings and the mini sliders (which were actually quite decently sized).  The buffalo wings were tender and flavored perfectly and the mini slider patties were cooked juicy with a light and fluffy bun.  Definitely a good stop before drinking as the food will coat your stomach nicely.  If you do get salad, make sure to ask for dressing on the side if you don't like your salads drenched.
1	If I were reviewing the service only, there would be NO star.  The food was okay, but we came in at 12 and didn't leave until after 2pm.  Our waitress welcomed us and we ordered a bloody mary.  they make them at your table, which was nice.  But, our waitress did not return until 25-30 mins to take our order.  THEN, it took over 45 minutes for us to receive our food.  I am not kidding a bit here.  I was stunned and starving so, we were obviously not happy about the delay.  I have no clue where she was during this wait as she didn't check in with us, until aftter the food finally made its way to us.  We timed the food delivery for a table near us...18 minutes.  We must have found ourselves someone who doesn't like inter-racial couples or gay couples.  What a crock.UPDATE:  I do want to say, that the General Manager contacted me soon after I posted this note, apologized, spoke to the service team and offered us another try when we return to Vegas.  I really appreciate his time and the offer so, we will certainly try again in the future.  Now THIS was good service.
4	I came here on a Sunday for their mimosa brunch. It also happened to be my friend's birthday. The food was $20 a plate... even for a hamburger. A little crazy, but it's in a great location in the Palazzo, so I expect to pay top dollar. The mimosas, however, were CHEAP! $10 for bottomless? That's one of the best bottomless mimosa deals I've seen, definitely the best I've seen in Vegas. We spent a good few hours here watching football and drinking bottomless mimosas. They also gave us all a free shot for my friend's birthday! We will definitely be back!
5	I cannot be more enthusiastc about this place. Suffice it to say, everything was great. In particular, the fried chicken strips that came with the chicken and waffles actually tasted homemade. Most other places pre-bread their chicken, freeze it, then fry it when ordered. Not this place.Word of advice: if you get the chicken and waffles, go easy on the butter. A little goes a very long way.
5	We went here after Lagasse's told us it would be a $50 minimum per person to watch an afternoon football game.  Lame.First was SO MUCH BETTER than Lagasse's could have ever been, though, and it all worked out nicely.  The hostess was very friendly and seated us right away in the bar area, where we could watch the game, on a comfortable leather couch.  We had the fried chicken with waffles (excellent - crisply fried, but chicken was tender and moist, and the waffle was perfectly cooked), and the lobster rolls (very tasty, good proportion of lobster to mayo, super buttery brioche).  We were very, very impressed by the food.  It was all brought out very quickly, and the waitress was extremely friendly.  We stayed for about 2 hours to watch the game and never felt rushed.  Thumbs way, way up.  We'll return.
4	What do you do in Vegas when you run out of money OR are tired of gambling? You eat . Right? What do you do when you run out of money for eating (since you can easily drop some bucks on food in this town) You go to FIRST FOOD. My husband and I were trying to figure out were to go and somehow he yelp landed here. The place isn't easy to find (they actually say it on the website), we did a lot of looking at the "you are HERE" and trying to aim in the right direction. When we finally found it, it's totally hidden right between The Palazzo and Venetian (around the corner from Barneys) there's nothing there so you would just not happen by. TOTALLY worth looking for though. It was late so, we order a small selection which still turned out to be A LOT of food for 2.  The Pulled Pork Egg rolls are crazy good and unexpected. The beef sliders come 4 to plate and they are bigger then the typical slider so definitely 2 could share or even 4 with a salad. The chopped wedge was super yummy and the fries where OK, kind of a salt lick, but if you have to have fry's they're good. Another PLUS is that it faces the strip and they have hugh windows so you get a great view ( extra large booths that fit 6-8 too). Who Knew? I'll definitely stop back when I'm LV. We were STUFFED and still had $20 bucks left to put on Black!
5	I fell in LOVE with this place so much that I went back the next day to try more food and cocktails!I LOVE the pretzels they serve with cocktails and the cucumber gimlets are amazing!
4	I came across an ad for First Food & Bar in our hotel city guide. It was a full-page ad that prominently displayed some Lemon-Poppy Pancakes and their signature Dorito Mac 'n Cheese. Yep, that's right...you read right....Dorito Mac 'n cheese! I knew I had to try their specialty mac, so we high-tailed it over to First Food & Bar in the Palazzo. We came in at midnight (First Food & Bar is open till 2 a.m.) and settled into a nice oversized booth, ordered some wine and then picked out our menu selections. My boyfriend and I weren't too hungry so a few late night bites would be just perfect. My sole objective was getting my hands on that Dorito Mac 'n Cheese! My inner-mouse couldn't wait to try it! Then our server announced that they were out of the Dorito Mac 'n Cheese. Noooooooooo!! After regaining my equilibrium and with some mild reservation, I was able to muster a back-up order. We split a Ceasar's Salad and some Bacon and Fried Egg Sliders and shared another round of drinks. The Ceasar's salad was excellent with fresh grated parmesan cheese and housemade croutons. The sliders were good but nothing special and a bit overpriced at $18. The menu here is pretty diverse with burgers, wings, salads, pizza, shrimp cocktail, s'mores, mac 'n cheese, French dips, fish & chips and a full-bar + extensive wine list. You can enjoy some sports games and, during the late night hours, you can enjoy some hypnotic beats and music videos. If you're dreaming about Dorito Mac 'n Cheese during the wee hours of the morning, save yourself a trip and adjust your itinerary and eating schedule accordingly :-) Our server said they usually only serve the Dorito Mac during the lunch and dinner periods. I'll let you know how the Dorito Mac is next time I head to Vegas - and I'll be sure to throw in one of their S'more desserts too.
3	Stopped in Vegas on the way home from Denver at about 2am, this was one of the only places open. The menu is a bit pricey but after fast food road tripping I was in serious need of something fresh and green.I had a salad and the french onion soup, and it was really good.One friend had a burger and said it was so so, our other friends shared the sliders and asiago cheese tater tots.The reason I took off two stars is for the up sale the waiter put on them. First when asked what he recommended he picked three of the most expensive things on the menu, understandable enough your tip is based on the check amount. But when our friends ordered the tater tots he didn't mention that the asiago cheese on top was a separate charge (which the menu didn't explain either) and they were charged $ 7.00 extra. This place is just extremely expensive for what the food is actually worth. For four of us, not drinking, burger, sliders, soup and a salad the bill was over $ 100.00.
4	this place is great for a pregame of a night out. you can not go wrong with their skittle shots to share with friends. you get a full flight (5 shots) for $40 dollars that really do taste like the name, a skittle shot. have you tasted the rainbow yet? so good.the service is eh, nothing too special but not the worst. i haven't branched out to most of their menu, but I do enjoy their doritio mac and cheese for $10. just like the name. a creamy mac and cheese with crumbled up doritos over the top baked in the oven. oh my heavens. so good to help soak up some of those skittle shots to prep for more! I also really like their tater tots for some reason. They are honestly nothing special but I always order them. maybe I am just a tater tot addict. don't judge me.I love bringing my friends here and they have enjoyed it and continue to come back as well. they have a fun list of cocktails which I need to get around to trying. the cherry popper panty dropper sounds dangerous yet very delicious. It is something I can't wait to try next!
2	Poor service and over priced for small portions. The first item I asked for on their menu they informed me could not be made as it was too difficult to get correct. Waiter was gruff and formal, to the point of being rude. Would not eat here again. The small portion of salmon I received was decent but way overpriced.
3	Went to First Food & Bar with my friends for dinner before the start of our Saturday night. The waiter was super friendly and helpful. I ordered the filet mignon and a side of mushroom. The filet mignon was juicy, medium rare as asked, and pretty flavorful considered that they just salt and peppered it. The mushroom was very greasy and buttery. I also ordered the white sangria, and oh boy, it came in a small pitcher. The drink looked big, but it was pretty weak. Overall, everything was tasty, but nothing too extradinary.
3	Great environment! Menu was good. Food was comfort food-like. I ordered the fish and chips ( waiter recommend). They were very greasy! would not order again.
4	Stopped by for brunch on Saturday. Does anything more than $10 bottomless champagne need to be said? But really - I had the fish & chips - impeccable. Perfectly battered and fried with awesome fries. My husband had the pulled pork eggs benedict with jalapeno hollandaise - which he devoured every single bit of. My sister had the turkey sausage pancake battered corndogs - no complaints from her either. Great atmostphere and fun vibe. Definitely a great place for some fun, trendy, well-executed dining.
3	Quirky drink and food names. Cool vibes at First Food & Bar.The drinks at this place are amazing. I was with all of my colleagues and ended up somehow with a Margarita the size of my head. Neat drink names like "Tigers Blood" and Candy Kiss something or other....all looked and sounded amazing. Lots of beer on tap to choose from, very cool looking atmosphere. The staff was very accomodating and attentive to our large group and overall we had a great time!Only thing really lacking was the flavor of food. Dorritos Mac N Cheese was flavorless....could have done better with Kraft. The chopped wedge salad was OK, but the only flavor seemed to be coming from the large chunks of blue cheese. Even the chicken on it wasn't seasoned very well. The tots were good...but who can go wrong with those. The pretzels with homemade mustard was great. Cheesesteak won tons/potstickers with siracha ketchup were very tasty. Certainly not all worth the price however. Perhaps would have been better off ordering main meals but still was not impressed.
4	Had the opportunity to try out First Food, courtesy of Palazzo comp.  We had the special 3 course menu to select from.  My sister ordered the Caesar Salad, Steak Frites - she said her salad was ok; she liked her steak and her aioli shoestring fries.  I must say I don't usually eat fries but it was one of the best I've ever had!  I ordered the Waldorf Salad & the Chicken & Dumplings - I really liked both items!  Quite delicious!  For our desset, we had the mini donuts.  Well done!
4	Surprise hit!! The service was wonderful, the girl who served us was attentive as well as the manager too. We had a coupon for free food for 2 people and decided to use it on our last day. NOTE: you need to charge it to your room in order for it to be valid, so don't check out yet.. We ordered the dumpling & chicken dish, breakfast burrito (egg white style), salmon dish, clam chowder , caesar salad, and cinnamon sugar donuts.The Chicken & Dumpling was excellent. The chicken was tender and juicy, with lots of flavor and the dumpling was delicious too. My dad loved the soup base of the chicken and dumpling soup , that he finished the whole dish. The Salmon had grapefruit, lemon base to it. It was good! I love that the salmon just falls apart but was crispy at the bottom. It was just a really good fish. My mom was a fan of the clam chowder. It had real clam bits and brought out alot of the flavors that she liked. She likes the creamy, lots of clam, potatoes taste to it. She said this was the best one out of everywhere she's tried. I ordered the burrito with egg white subsitute. It was good, but I needed some spicyness. So, I asked for tobasco sauce and the waitress came out of with these CUTE miniature tobasco bottles! They were soooo cute and adorable, i took a handful and asked the waitress for more. She was happy to give it to me. but yeah, yuummmy!the presentation on all the dishes were elegant and neat! I liked it, there was color, taste, richness in all the dishes!the ambience was nice, and we had a good view overlooking the strip. nice meal to end off my LV trip!
4	Sometimes it pays off to eat at the FIRST place that catches your eye. We had very good service and a great view of the strip at First Food and Bar right inside the entrance of the Palazzo. I enjoyed a pappardelle with wild mushrooms and a glass of Italian wine. Casual and easy.
4	I hate speaking in the third person but this place had Craig R. written all over it! Just look at these tasty dishes;Nacho Cheese Doritos Mac & Cheesehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_ixV2SWDy7w8jzEAHp85qA?select=826LcTQfc4Yc0zdF0mZbDQMain Line Philly Cheesesteak W/ Foie Gras & Tartuffo Whizhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_ixV2SWDy7w8jzEAHp85qA?select=duW7vzBywJFRDU8dD3kKrw or http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_ixV2SWDy7w8jzEAHp85qA?select=HuYApeozWa7c71Mm-ZFRiQPhilly Cheesesteak Dumplingshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_ixV2SWDy7w8jzEAHp85qA?start=200BBQ Pulled Pork Eggrolls W/ Slaw & Dr. Pepper BBQ Saucehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_ixV2SWDy7w8jzEAHp85qA?select=BsVPIS7yPlrPyRUk-WMi0Q Warm Pretzel Bread & Spicy Mustard (Free Appetizer) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_ixV2SWDy7w8jzEAHp85qA?select=DmIHIg4jkp_x1HbiuIqU7gLike I said, Craig R. written all over it!Located in The Palazzo Hotel, First Food & Bar is large, dimly lit joint with a cool, relaxing vibe. As you can tell from what I ordered above, this place is all about tricked out comfort foods. Everything we ate was amazing. EVERYTHING!My favorite two items were the Doritos Mac (obviously) and the Main Line Philly. The Mac was super cheesy and flavorful and the Doritos gave it an extra cheesy, crispy element.  The Philly was HUGE and delicious. The meat was so juicy and flavorful and the Foie gave it an extra, fatty, buttery taste. It was also covered in Foie mayo, sweet onions, balsamic glaze and Tartuffo Whiz, all of which made this one of the best tasting Philly's I've ever had, even though I had to eat it with a knife and fork. And I got to give a quick shout out to the Dr. Pepper BBQ sauce http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_ixV2SWDy7w8jzEAHp85qA?select=01F_4bCqJ9_EtE1fO9QSAw. It was fantastic.     My only beef with First Food is the pricing. I'm NEVER one to complain about the price of food, especially when it's amazing, but for five small (but super tasty) Philly Dumplings it was almost twenty bucks. The Main Line Philly was over thirty. Our entire bill was almost a hundred bucks (with tip and no beverages), which seemed a bit too much. The service is great though, so that's a plus. Overall, I really, really enjoyed my experience at First Food & Bar. The food was outstanding, as was the service. I can't wait to go back and try some of their delicious sounding desserts.
2	Ugh Vegas dining.  Everything is super overpriced and is only good if you want to spend an arm and a leg.  I came here on the Saturday night of my birthday weekend hoping it would be a little more chill than the typical overpriced restaurant in the casino.  For starters you feel like you are in a club the music is so loud in here.  I would kinda like to be able to hear my friends while we are eating.  I feel the need to say that everyone else seemed to have a better experience since they liked their food but mine was terrible.  BF and I decided to split the shrimp pad thai.  Big mistake.  It was terrible.  If you like pad thai, you will not like this.  I have no idea what it was but it was not pad thai.  My sister ordered the panko crusted baramundi and it was super tiny.  The better looking dishes were the mushroom pasta and the mac and cheese, so stick to these type of dishes.  For the price I think we could have gotten better.  And in the Palazzo I would have preferred to be overlooking the canals.  I should have gone to Otto.
4	Great place for lunch and drinks. This was how we started our Vegas weekend; it was a phenomenal weekend.  Food is good here with a decent menu.
3	I was pretty excited to try First Food & Bar, considering that a few of my fellow Yelpers had given it good reviews. Sadly, the experience was so-so. Here's the breakdown:Pros:-Music; the DJ was on point with the hip-hop and even Bay Area tunes- Blackened Skirt steak was tender and flavorful.Pro & Con:- The white sangria was really good, but the mood was dampened when one of the girls found a fruit fly in it. *cringe*Cons:-The Doritos Mac and Cheese seemed like a good choice in the beginning, but with most of the cheese supply coming from the chips themselves (they seemed a bit stale), if they weren't there, it would be just plain boring.As much as I wanted to really like this place, one wouldn't blame me for having reservations about returning.
4	First Bar is a great place to grab a Stella and munch on some gourmet bar food. The music is loud and the girls are hot. Really fun atmosphere and the cool lounge seating.All the food I ordered was very good. The BLT with avocado to the Philly cheese steak dumplings all were unique and super tasty.I recommend First Bar anytime of the day to grab a bite to eat or enjoy a glass of beer.
2	this place feels like it should be in miami.. overpriced.. and overrated... and loud as helli came here for dinner recently with a big party.. service was a bit slow.. the food is actually pretty crappy and overpriced.. i got the blt which was meh.. it was large.. but there's only so much you can do with a blt.. some other people got fish dishes which were overcooked.. btw.. the lollipop buffalo wings are terrible.. you can get better wings at BWW's.. the calamari is also rubbery..
4	Celebrated my birthday happy hour here w/ coworkers - I think the lounge is a great spot for fancy cocktails, an ok strip view and fu-fu "sharables".. unfortunately the location is pretty hidden, residing in a long hallway at the Venetian/ Palazzo/ Barney's intersection on the 2nd floor.  Our bartender and server were very outgoing and fun; definitely personable... high-five on the service!  (ask for a "Money Shot" ;)*Sharables:  Tater Tots, Philly Cheesesteak Dumplings, Walnut Shrimp (a bit overpriced but that's a given its location (strip property)
2	I went here for my cousin's bachelorette party. In a few words, it's mediocre, over-priced comfort food. I can think of a dozen other places that are better than this. The music was great (but only if you like Top 40 / club music) and they had pretty good service. The food left a lot more to be desired. Soft Pretzels with Dipping Sauce - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_ixV2SWDy7w8jzEAHp85qA?select=EtPluQUcjalZ-Q3CHeB4eAThis was just meh - lukewarm, too much salt. I like the frozen soft pretzels from the grocery store better. Good thing it was complementary.Lollipop Buffalo Wings - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_ixV2SWDy7w8jzEAHp85qA?select=fZhT25uPNDT4cXwwtPydmgThis is supposed to be one of their signature appetizers, but I was definitely underwhelmed. $17 for this small basket of wings? I thought it would be a little more complex in flavor, but it tasted like wings I could get anywhere else for $0.50 per wing. I think Hooters or BW3 makes better wings.Calamari- http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_ixV2SWDy7w8jzEAHp85qA?select=5ivSpyeHNo8P5zuny31gSgThis was good, but it's hard to mess up things that you deep fry.Miso Cod -http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_ixV2SWDy7w8jzEAHp85qA?select=3sEDumkLBq3AQ8ctJ-C2ugIn one word, salty. My cousin and I split it but it was so small that by the time we each ate 3 bites, it was gone and we couldn't send back an empty plate. My other cousin also ordered this and sent it back. I noticed it is not on the menu anymore, probably for a good reason.Linguine & Clamshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_ixV2SWDy7w8jzEAHp85qA?select=a5C4th9cSydMq23Fdjs-3QNote to the chef - seasoning / flavoring the dish does not mean dumping a boatload of red chili flakes. This was so spicy that I couldn't really eat it or enjoy it.The best dish of the night was my cousin's Mushroom Papardelle. It was swimming in butter and truffle oil, but at least it tasted good and was edible. We all ate this until there was nothing except 1 cup of melted butter and oil at the bottom of the bowl. Yum.The service was okay, they were pretty attentive and brought us free shots to celebrate my cousin's bachelorette party. The other drinks looked good, but we didn't order them. Maybe we ordered the worst dishes from the menu, but I won't be back.
5	I love this place. It was introduced to me by my buddy I grew up with in NJ. (Great call, Gian!) Each of the three times I've been there, it was exceptional. Over this weekend I went with my HS buddies Dan, Doug and Gian, and had the lollipop Buffalo wings, calamari and pepper and blackened skirt steak - great, great and great. Upscale, yet casual setting makes it easy to chat and watch the game, which we did. Quiet areas away from the TVs are available as well. Good location in the middle of the action at The Palazzo too. Highly recommended!
1	Pros: Nice decor and good vibe.Cons:  Food, and staff.The decor is nice, but that's typical of any restaurant in a large Vegas hotel so I can't give much credit for that.  When we arrived, I thought it odd that there were very few people in the place.  However it's very clear to me now.  This place is on the way out.The food was ok for an everyday restaurant, but absolutely lousy considering the prices we paid.  I can guarantee that due to their declining clientele, they aren't making anything fresh anymore.  Despite the rave reviews from years past, the mac and cheese is awful.  Avoid at all costs.  The chips were stale, and the cheese was premade and reheated to a goopy consistency.  Took two bites and politely pushed it aside.  My Cuban sandwich was mushy and lukewarm, but I did manage to eat half of it.  A good waiter would have noticed that people weren't eating their food, but I'll get to that next.Our waiter "Dan" according to the receipt was a real jerk.  He started off sort of hurried, but polite.  I'd best describe him as forgetful, rude, and dismissive.  We had a group size that meant he got his 20% no matter what, and he clearly didn't care if he got repeat customers for his place of employment.  I actually didn't know how bad it was until our group left and started talking about the dinner in the hallway.  BTW, we were all 30+ year old couples, not a group of guys or something obnoxious.  I'll review the highlights of Dan's comments from the evening:Situation 1:  When we first sat down, Dan started our drinks and said they were out of their usual bread, but they were heating up something else for us.  He repeated that statement after he took our food order.  After receiving our food, he was walking by and a girl two seats from me at the end of the table flagged him down and asked if he was still bringing the bread.  Dan was visibly irritated and replied, "oh, did you still want that?".  REALLY?  He brought us a dinner plate with some supermarket biscuits on it.  Lovely.Situation 2:  The guy across from me wasn't sure what he wanted when the rest of us placed our drink orders.  So he ordered a beer when Dan was taking food orders.  I heard him ask for it it, and saw the waiter acknowledge it.  It never came, so he politely asked about the beer later when he saw Dan after the food came out.  He said, "excuse me, I ordered a Budda beer".  Dan quickly snapped, "not from me you didn't"  REALLY?Situation 3:  Two ladies at the end of my table were sharing a mac and cheese.  It was completely cold, but Dan was MIA.  When he finally came back to our table to check on us they asked if he could take it back and reheat it.  In a snotty tone Dan retorts, "Well, you should have told me earlier."  REALLY?I didn't learn about the last issue until we were all congregating in the hall after dinner.  We were all really irritated after learning about all the drama issues various people had with Dan, especially since nobody said anything to him.  We all wanted to have a good time (doesn't everybody in Vegas?), so nobody wanted to speak up when it was happening.  In summary, this place is a major fail.  It's empty for a reason, and I'm sure this is a big part of it.
5	When I saw this restaurant did not have more star power, it made my heart sink a little bit. Now, I went to First for brunch with two very hungry, crabby (not really, but let's go with it) tourists who came to visit the fiance and I. I've heard plenty of great things about First and know how popular his restaurant is in Chicago, so we decided to branch out and try something new. Happiness ensured. Life was good.Right when I came to the table we were greeted by a gorgeous blonde server who was smiling at us (even though she had probably been there for 4 hours already) and taking our drink orders. Do you need to even ask madam? Because I saw a champagne fountain and a CART OF BLOODY MARY'S ROLLING AROUND THE RESTAURANT STARING AT ME FROM EVERY ANGLE. In order to avoid starting me day off hard, I somehow resisted the Bloody Mary cart (complete with Slim Jim sticks mind you) and went for the neverending champagne/mimosa deal for yes, only $10. The wonderful server never left our glasses empty...ever, which completely threw my desire to start off light in the morning out the window immediately. Thankfully, the food came. Oh, the food came.Of course, my friend had to order Your "First" Threesome. Yes, the quotation marks were on the menu. LOVE IT. His wonderful girlfriend ordered the French Dippity Do (it made my day just hearing it ordered), my fiance went with a safe order of fish and chips and I made my own omelette with smoked salmon, gruyere cheese and spinach. The food came almost instantaneously. Now, that may be the champagne talking, but when the food hit the table I think I started to drool. A LOT. I had enough food on my plate to feed a small country. My friend's "First" Threesome looked like a threesome that I would enjoy every morning for the rest of my life (ZING!), his girlfriend's Dippity Do came out with a BOAT of gravy and brisket poruing out of a golden brown challah bun and my fiance's fish and chips was great on presentation and even had the malt vinegar in a little squeeze bottle. Yes, I love anything that is mini. Everyone devoured their food in minutes while the server continued to pour us champagne to a point where I'm not sure who paid the bill. No, actually, it was not the champagne that did this, it was the tender, fluffy, smoky omelette I ate in two seconds. Best part? The cheese was a perfect ratio to what else was in the omelette...not overwhelming or overly gooey. I like my arteries to remain open for a bit. The brisket sandwich made all of these wonderful memories of good Southern BBQ swim through my mind. Now, there is nothing like AUTHENTIC Southern BBQ, but this came close enough for me to want to forgo my gluten intolerance for just one bit. The fiance enjoyed his fish and chips while I continued to stare at his mini vinegar bottle and then I saw my friend's Threesome. My friends, decadence and an all around brilliant way to start your long day of drinking is that threesome. Pun aside, that threesome was a thing of glory, and it is a crime if you ignore its powers.So as you can tell by this novel, I loved First. I adore it. I will go there again, maybe even next weekend. The price is a little hefty, but if I can sit in that chill environment with great food, good service and surrounded by the ones you love, can you ask for much more? P.S. If you do not like a live DJ playing some old and new school jams on Sunday morning for brunch, don't go here. If you don't like some Top 40's with a little old school for lunch, don't go here. If you don't like the music you hear as you walk by, don't go here and let the rest of us get fat off of this decadent food.P.P.S. The management there was great, came and spoke to the table and was very friendly. If you don't like the service or there is an issue, talk to them, they WANT TO KNOW.
2	I was surprised to discover that this is a sports bar serving jazzed up bar food.  We received complimentary pretzel rolls  plus mustard before ordering the Sammy D Sampler that included lollipop Buffalo wings, walnut shrimp and Philly cheesesteak dumplings plus an order of O-rings (onion).  If ordered individually the MSRP would have been $59, but by requesting the sampler our bill came to a more reasonable, yet overpriced for what you get, $37. Everything was good, but nothing scaled any culinary heights. This is one of the Eating Las Veags:  The 50 Essential Restaurants, but it is one and done for us. A rating of 2.5 would be appropriate.
3	I was in Vegas for a bachelorette party, the first thing the waiter greeted us with, was a nice yummy shot.  I have no idea what was in there, but it was surely yummy.  We went there for lunch, so we ordered some of the Sammy D's Combos along with other things.  I ordered the Nantucket Dockside.  When it came, I was a little disappointed...it was so small, but it actually filled me up.  Of course we couldn't resist ordering Jersey Shore, the doritos mac and cheese was an interesting combo. The drinks are dangerously good.  We had the cotton candy and lime skittles martinis.  The chef was sweet and sent us donuts to round out the meal. It hit the spot with 3 different dipping sauces, chocolate, raspberry and caramel.  Our server was super nice.  All in all it's a fun place to have lunch!
2	How utterly disappointing this place was! I was responsible for deciding where to eat since I'm on yelp all the time. I decided to lead my group here since this place got decent reviews and it was in our hotel. Atmosphere was good. Very dark place and it was pretty empty on a Sunday night. Ambiance is nice for a date since it seems like a intimate and casual location. Service was friendly and there was no complaints there. Everyone was very nice and accommodating. Food was...well, how can I say this nicely...overpriced and overall disappointing. The food I ordered wasn't BAD, but definitely wasn't worth the price we paid. I ordered the sampler that came with the buffalo chicken lollipops, walnut shrimp, and philly cheesesteak dumplings. All three tasted great, but cost $30 total. RIDICULOUS!!!!! Portions were tiny. Granted the shrimp were more like jumbo prawns, but that does NOT warrant the price I paid. Yes...I understand location and rent and blah blah blah..but that's just ridiculous for such simple food. My friends ordered entrees that were priced pretty high as well and they were unimpressed with the steak and pasta dishes. I also ordered the Doritos Mac and Cheese and felt that it did not have a good cheese consistency. I've had better...way better. I was expecting some thrilling food experience, but left with emptier pockets and sad faces. I failed my friends on this yelp-based food adventure.
1	PASS:Here they are all about cute names and presentation. Taste is barely comes a distant third.Music is so loud ( and i was with a young crowd) we were screaming across the table. In fact while we were there at least 3 groups came in a left because the music was freakin blasting.Sandwiches were ridiculous to eat.Service is sparceBest Dish: Buffalo LollipopsWorst dish: Chicken and Dumplings- Tasteless dry, and gross lumps of flour not even in a sauce. We sent it back.
2	Ugh, truthfully, hated it.  If the meal I had were about a quarter or maybe even a third of the price I could have chalked it up to average take out.  But nope.
5	We loved this restaurant. It was in our price range, the food was delicious and we ordered a very good bottle of wine at a reasonable price. Four of us shared the Dorito Mac & Cheese and the Goat Cheese Souffle for appetizers. My friend and I split the Avocado BLT and it's lucky we did. It was huge - and delicious.  When looking in the doors we thought "fancy", then we saw the TVs and thought "sports bar". we were happy to see that the tv was old, excellent music videos. Doors, Stones, ZZ Top.  I would go back in a heartbeat!  We found the volume to be quite good (and we are a somewhat older generation) so maybe they have changed that.
5	The brunch was awesome. I had the chicken and waffles and my wife had the three way breakfast. They were both huge plates and very tasty. The waitresses were all very nice and were having fun while making sure everyone was taken care of.
5	Chicken & Waffles and a Skittles Martini for brunch. Epic meals for epic people.
1	This place was absolutely awful.  The generic sports bar food could have been tolerable if the service would have been anything more than atrocious.  We went to watch a game, but the car area, along with the rest of the restaurant, was still fairly empty.  We sat for at least 10 minutes before being helped, and had to wait close to 30 minutes for our appetizers, which were barely luke warm.  After getting a second round of appetizers, which were tolerable, but not great, we decided to leave to watch the game somewhere else since they didn't have the sound on for the game we were watching.  So we waited for the check.  And waited.  And waited.  Absolutely zero attention from ANYONE for over 30 minutes.  No luck finding our waitress, a manager, or getting the attention of another server or bartender - you can draw you own conclusion as to whether the bill was was ever settled.
1	DISCLAIMER! I DID NOT EAT HERE! THIS IS WHY!I was DYING to try this place when i saw the menu. We hunted it down the long corridor far from the shoppes, and i couldn't understand why. As i Approached- i got it. It was SO loud it rivaled TAO at 1am, and this was at 830pm on a saturday night (and it was almost empty). I'm really unhappy i didn't try it, but i refused to sit and scream at my husband- in the dark basically- over dinner. Epic fail.
4	A girlfriend & i had apps here on Friday, April 27th maybe around 6 pm. We had just landed (after significant alcohol on the cross country flight) & basically just needed a 'snack'. The place was pretty empty so easy seating & attentive service (although it did seem like for the number of customers, the food took awhile (an entire beer & #2 arrived before food...  I dont drink THAT fast) but perhaps it seemed that way b/c we were starving....   ordered Doritos Mac & Cheese (LOVED it), Cheesesteak Dumplings (loved it), a shrimp app that was in a sauce so sweet that we deemed it uneatible, and something else (wings, maybe?) that clearly weren't memorable after 5 days....I would definitely go back because the atmosphere is cool, the service was solid, at least 2 of our items were outstanding (maybe just mis-ordered in our quickness not to starve) and the remaining menu selections looked quite good/interesting.
2	After our drive to Vegas, I was starving! Since we were staying at the Palazzo, we decided to try it. I had the crab stuffed salmon and the other girls had mac n cheese and sandwiches. My food was just alright...not worth the price. I kept hearing about their so called famous mac n cheese with Doritos. Meh nothing special. Just regular old pasta, with runny sauce, sprinkled with some sad Doritos. The sandwiches everyone else got looked pretty good though..but way to rich and heavy. The service was alright but considering we were one of only 5 tables there at the time, we could have received some more attention and faster service. Overall, not a big fan.
4	I love this place!! From the first time my best friend and I ate here, we have a ritual to always go back when we are in Vegas. The cucumber gimlets are AMAZING! The pretzels are my fav!! I haven't had a bad thing here. Mini burgers and tots are a fun snack to share over a couple cocktails. The macaroni and cheese is beyond amazing. The lollipop wings are yummy and anything with bacon on it is great in my book. The bartenders are always so fun and nice that I love sitting in the bar area and chatting with them. The main dining area is so nice and I love that you can see the kitchen. A top spot for me in Las Vegas!
5	Carston from Palazzo's Laguna bar sent us here for lunch and said we would not be disappointed - and we were not. The menu was refreshingly different from what we've been seeing here on the strip. I had the bacon, ham, egg, cheese sandwich on fresh challah bread with rosemary mayo and a side of tater tots.  Ron had the lobster rolls (also made with a beautiful challah-like fresh soft bread) he said they were orgasmic. We also shared the phili cheese-steak dumplings (picture pot stickers) with a sraracha catsup sauce. These were EXCELLENT.
3	Used to be better. Now I'm not sure what they're trying to do exactly but it's just ok.Service was terrible though! The place was not busy and we managed to get an order of appetizers and 1 round of drinks in with the absent server in an hour. Not a great way to serve in Vegas (or anywhere).Got the appetizer sampler. A nice twist on basic bar food but at the end of the day it's still greasy bar food. Philly cheesesteak potstickers were the stand out. They used to do this great pretzel bread but it's gone. That's kinda why we stopped here in the first place.Too many other great choices in Vegas. I doubt we'll be back.
5	Awesome Sunday Brunch every time! Exceptional service! Bottomless champagne for only $10! Not sure of some other comments but never had a bad experience.
5	Best brunch an best bloodymary's everr!!
4	My wife and I stumbled upon this place somewhere between Palazzo and the Venetian.  We were hungry and lost and the music beckoned us from the hallway.  There was a massive touchscreen, interactive menu for us to peruse and we were hooked.WIth the new onslaught of chefs that dot the strip with foie gras, FIrst Food stands out as totally quirky with its reworked classics.  You don't have to worry about ordering a $50 plate thinking steak, only to have a two inch slice of beef with a prettily painted plate arrive.  They are known for Buffalo Lollipops and, Doritos Mac-n-Cheese which are both quite good.The music is pretty loud.  The waitress that we had was incredibly friendly while at our table yet was a bit aloof and self interested.  However, it kind of fits in with the personality of the place.  First Food is built for fun.  It is not meant to be a high-brow society dinner with a $1000 bottle of wine.  Instead, just order a Skittle martini flight (taste the rainbow) and lossen up.Side note.  Chef Sammy D has officially changed my life by creating the most simple of culinary twist.  Sriracha ketchup accompanied our  shoestring fries.  The simple act of combining the world's most dynamic hot sauce with everyday ketchup has transformed routine dishes in my house since.  Thanks Chef.
4	I think I finally popped my cherry for lollipop... wings, of course. The lollipop buffalo chicken wings are pretty legit, as they're full of flavor and aren't soaked in grease compared to the ones from the local franchise.I had the Belgian waffle, dusted with powdered sugar and substituted for mixed fruit. I do wish the waffle was a bit crispier, but the arrangement was a nice touch. The chicken and waffles dish was delicious, as I had a generous helping of my friend's dish. I actually prefer the chicken breast, as it was delicately fried to perfection.Their drinks menu is quite generous, as it fills up the entire back page of the menu. I'm not an avid drinker, although my friends can beg to differ. I mean, it IS Las Vegas we're talking about, where we partied until 5 am the first night and 8am the next. The night is young!
5	A Hidden Gem in the Palazzo!  "Hard to find but easy to love" motto is perfect for this place!  If your looking for a quiet place to eat on a Friday or Saturday after 8pm, this is not the place for you!  The live DJ is there to start your party night off!  Don't worry, all the other days and nights (except for Sunday Brunch)  there's great music on but at a talking level.Sunday Brunch is a must!  Have you had "Your FIRST Threesome" yet?  Three buttery biscuits, BBQ pulled pork, three eggs and a jalapeno hollandaise...WOW!  Table side Bloody Mary Cart (in the dining room only), $10 unlimited champagne, $17 unlimited mimosas!  It gets better...The girls are dressed up in theme!  School girl outfits seem to be everybody's favorite ;-)  The DJ plays a mixture of old school and new school!  Once again, don't expect a quiet brunch.Chef Sammy likes to switch up the menu for different seasons but he always keeps the original favorites!
4	Food and service were great! Philly cheesesteak dumplings were a great appetizer. Sliders were delicious and the side of Doritos mac and cheese was to die for! Great beer menu ans knowledgeable staff.  Can't wait to come back next trip.
3	Doritos mac and cheese sound like a good idea? Just make sure you're really drunk first.
3	3.5 stars if I could!We got so lost trying to find First Food from the Venetian because we tried going the inside way... ridiculous. So much easier to get to the restaurant from the outside.Our server was awesome and super patient. No one was bothered by the rowdiness of our group, but I guess it helped that the bar made hella money off of us... At the end of the meal, our server was willing to split our check which is always appreciated - makes figuring out the bill for a large group so much easier. Decor is nice and there is a photo booth inside the restaurant - woohoo!We shared a pitcher of the red velvet sangria - really tasty but was sad to not see any actual fruit chunks. A pitcher poured out a pretty good number of glasses though - bang for your buck!We shared the buffalo chicken lollipops, falafel chopped salad, and tator tots. The falafel chopped salad had a lot of bold flavors but it was on the salty side - maybe the cheese, or the dressing? The falafel "croutons" were cute and tasty though. The buffalo chicken lollipops were tasty and the tator tots were deliciously crispy on the outside. I had a bite of someone's dorito covered mac n cheese - meh, not impressed. The doritos just tasted stale....Food is a little on the pricier side but not terrible for Vegas.
3	Upscale sports bar with decent menu & food.  Fair amount of fried food. My bf had his favorite, fish & chips and he rated out a six out of ten.   I had the breakfast sandwich for lunch really just wanted the tator tots.  Sandwich was just ok but we would probably eat here again.  Alex our waitress was great.
3	This was a cool little place. It is definitely well hidden like their tag line says. I started with a great drink. Red-eyed Mojito. Delicious. Probably one of my fav mixed drinks ever. Had to start making my own at home even after trying it.Food wise I had the Cheese steak dumplings. Which were good. And the Dorito Mac N Cheese. Also good. The food was all good but it should NOT be this expensive. I understand you are in The Palazzo but I think the place would be booming if it had a bit lower prices. All in all a good experience though.:) Fun food and drinks. Pricing is off though.
5	This is my favorite spot to eat in Las Vegas!!  It has a great view over looking the strip; feels as if you sitting right above it.   Now the best thing the food!  When I go I ask for the worlds best patty melt. (might not be on the menu just ask)  It has three types of cheese brie, Swiss, cheddar., grilled onions, mushrooms, and secret sauce.  This is the best that I have ever had.  Another good thing is the mac-&-cheese with Doritos  mixed in it!  Someone must have been drunk or high to come up with this but it is a wonderful mixture (add their hot sauce to it makes it even better)  Good eats peeps!!!
5	I went back to FIRST this week right after the Las Vegas Journal Review food critic gave the place a great review (Food: A). I rated it 5 stars in the past and somehow the place has managed to get better.The new FIRST review.... http://www.lvrj.com/neon/first-food-bar-menu-offers-both-trendy-fare-traditional-dishes-159985745.htmlFor me,  I think it was the addition of some killer desserts....Monkey Bread and the Dirt Cake. wow!
3	Ambiance is good, service is good, food is.. not so good.I came here twice, once for my birthday in 2011, and one time recently for my sister's birthday in 2012. Both times service was decent, but the food was not great, especially for the price. The first time I came I got the sliders? (I can't remember the exact name) and I couldn't even finish one. The patty was super dry. I went with a group of my friends and the majority of them said their food was mediocre at best. I forgot the name of what I ordered the second time I went, but it was three lettuce wraps with falafel. It literally tasted like salt. That's it. Three balls of salt. Again, I couldn't even finish one. I felt bad because I barely touched it, but it truly was inedible for me. I gave my plate to my boyfriend and he didn't like it at all. He agreed they were incredibly salty and that the falafel's were super dry. The prices are pretty high for the food quality. Overall, there are other places in Vegas where you can spend your money and get a better tasting meal. On a better note-The pretzels they give out are decent, cute idea. :)Sangrias taste delicious there! Get a pitcher if you do go.
4	I came here this morning for brunch with my girls and boy was it delicious! Of course we started out with the bottomless champagne, which was actually pretty good champagne. We never had to ask for a refill, in fact, we had to ask the waitress to stop refilling at the end of our meal! We started with the BBQ pulled pork egg rolls and the goat cheese souffle, both of which were outstanding. I am not a slaw girl, but the slaw on the egg rolls really worked and brought a delicious richness to the dish. There were enough for each of us to have two and we gobbled them up fast! We were unsure about the souffle, but the waitress assured us it was one of her favorites and we could immediately see why. The richness of the goat cheese was paired perfectly with the pears and the sweet cranberries. It is served with pieces of endive to scoop it all up with and everything just works so well together. For our main dishes, I originally ordered the Chilaquiles, but after two bites I couldn't eat them. They were SO spicy! It was almost sad because they had great flavor and I really wanted to eat them but I was breathing fire. The girls proceeded to call me a wimp, until they took a bite. The waitress took them back without even the blink of an eye and promptly returned with a menu. I ordered the Hawaiian toast and was super happy with that decision. In the meantime, I nibbled on my friend's "Main line" Philly Cheese-steak sandwich, which was to die for! It was perfectly balanced and so savory that I relished the bites I stole from her. But, before I knew it, my new dish arrived. The Hawaiian Toast was almost like a dessert! It was thankfully not toast or french toast, but more like Taro pancakes covered in coconut and fruit. I was a bit skeptical at first because it was soaking in a clear liquid, but they turned out to be delicious and I didn't want to stop eating them.The service was absolutely fantastic, our waitress was attentive without being annoying and chatted us up a little too. I love that they have a photo-booth in the restaurant and it only costs $1! We had so much fun after our meal taking crazy photos. But, the food is definitely the star and I will be coming back! Way to WOW me today First Food and bar!
1	Pretzels were good, everything else (including their French onion soup) was not good and expensive. Won't be back.
5	I have been here several times over the course of the last couple years.   It has always been good but this time it was great.   I am big on service and this time they hit it out of the park.  We sat in the bar at on of the tables looking over the strip.  Wow what a view.   The bartender was friendly and a attentive.  Great selection of beers.  He suggested the BBQ pulled Pork and all I can say is Chef Sammy nailed it.  This is a great place for late night drinks and apps.  We will be back.
5	All I have to say is I love this place.I've always had great experiences here.  I've come here a couple of times since they opened, and they have changed a few things but I still love it here.  The environment is cool and fun and there are so many mouth water food choices.  Even if you are just coming here for drinks, get their donut dessert!! They make it fresh and it comes with 3 dipping sauces.  Amazing!
5	Doritos Mac n Cheese! Egg Sandwich was terrific. Maine Lobster Rolls were good too. Breakfast Burgers good too. Pretzel Bread with Mustard Dipping Sauce!!
1	Cannot recommend this place! The meal started off great and then when the entrees arrived my couscous was literally raw uncooked pasta in my dish. Not even half cooked or under cooked.  This was in their lamb shank dish. They took the food back apologized made a new dish, by the time they made my dish correctly all the other diners were done with their dinner. They didn't offer any form of compensation for their outlandish failure in knowing how to cook couscous properly. Their attitude was we'll never see this tourist again. No comp dessert, didn't remove the entree from the bill, which at this point I had to wait 45 minutes for a simple 5 minute dish. I get mistakes happen but not something as simple knowing how to cook couscous, when there was a so called chef running the line.  Service was dodge at best to very slow and they weren't that busy. It's a shame b/c more attention was on the vibe then the food and customer.
1	We came for the much talked about "Main Line" Philly Cheesesteak with Foie Gras. With the price tag of $31.00, you're going to expect one hell of  a cheesesteak.  Not the case here. I'll give it to them it is edible, but I'd prefer Foie Gras on a Big Mac, and it would be a whole lot cheaper. The beef was dry and over cooked. The presentation was so thrown together it looked like a philly you'd get at a gas station.  Perhaps they were having an off night in the kitchen? Perhaps They might make up for it with excellent service? Their service is terrible. Waiter took our order and we never saw him until the check arrived. He charged us for our drinks which never arrived. When we told him, there was no apology, just an ok I'll remove it.  There is a nice view of The Strip and the decor is great.  Expensive, rude, plain tasting and disappointing. I will never return. I can get the First Food experience at a Mc'D and at a third of the price.
3	What people seem to love here is the Doritos Mac N' Cheese but since I don't eat cheese my favorite was the Walnut shrimp.  I do love the views and it's always interesting with the music in the background.The one thing to keep in mind is the portions are generous which does match the price you're paying for some basic items such as a salad, sandwich, or even fish & chips as I had this trip.  I liked my fish and the shoe string fries but it wasn't anything that spectacular.  As for the rest of my group the BLT was a HUGE hit but the chicken salad was disappointing since the chicken was buried at the bottom and whole, not a single slice to it. I'm giving this place three stars since it does provide a nice view and the service was great from the hostess to the server and even the bussers that kept my water glass full.
3	Went on a Friday afternoon after we arrived in Vegas. Place was not full but  you can tell it was a happening place at night. We were quickly greeted by our waitor who was excellent. We started with the BBQ Pull pork egg rolls for appetizer. They were delicious! they also broght us Pretzel bread with mustard dipping sauce. The presentation of everything was amazing!! We had the Doritos mac n cheese  they were not as exciting as everyone put them out to be. Nothing special. We loved our "Main Line" Philly Cheesesteak sandwich it is made with sliced dry aged rib eye. All and all the restaurant is a great place and presentation is amazing food comes out quickly and water was refilled quickly.
2	Service was fine though food was just ok, and probably bad given how expensive the food is.  We didn't even stay for dessert.  Had the dorito mac and cheese (overrated as it was normal mac with chips on top), philly cheesesteak drumstick (weird texture!), pulled pork egg roll (tasted like bland mush inside a fried wrap, where the wrap was too thick for the meat), and the scallops (best part of the meal).  I also tried my coworker's flank steak which was good flavor though overdone.  My other coworkers had the shrimp and grits, which looked lovely though were just ok.  Disappointed for my last meal in vegas.
4	Way to go First Food & Bar.  You accomodated our seating preferences, treated us regular folk like you were glad to have us there and left us with a goal to go see you all when we come back to Vegas.  And the food was great to boot!  Asparagus and Hake were delicious.  Ambiance had swag and the view was a lot of fun overlooking the TI pirates.  We will be back!
4	I stopped in here only once for a relatively quick lunch, but was very pleased with the menu and the quality of the food we got. It's hard to say I'll try my best to get back to this specific place, since that really depends on where I stay in Vegas, but I'll remember it as pretty good place for a stop. We were all very satisfied with our food and drinks here. In addition, all the workers were exceptionally friendly.
4	We chose First Food and Bar because we were given a coupon book and they were in there. $20 off $50. After our never ending fiasco with the Venetian, which 2 months later I am still dealing with (review soon to be written) a savings was much appreciated. Fellow yelper Meredith M and I ventured in for a late lunch/early dinner. I ordered the Blackened Steak Dinner from the dinner menu ($28). It was pretty good! It was a skirt steak, cooked at a medium, juicy and delicious. It sat on a bed of potatoes with a spicy sauce. Meredith's chicken came with, I believe, squash linguine. It was pretty interesting and probably much healthier than my steak and potatoes. Oh well.We also shared a large pitcher of white sangria ($25) that yielded about 4 yummy glasses. It was really refreshing! perfect for a summer day.They did take quite a while to get our entrees out. However, our server (without us complaining or mentioning anything) brought us over a complimentary dessert: Donuts. The donuts came with a few sauces. It was good, but not too special. I am glad I didn't pay for it!
3	Had a Complimentary Stella Artois at the bar on a Saturday evening. - Get a Grazie card, They'll give you a book with a free domestic beer or Spicy Cosmo.- Waitress told me that she wouldn't order it for us bc it's gross. lol..okay..- They put the stella in a pretty stella cup. "it fancy huh"- Comfortable place to chill. It was pretty empty at 6pm. We had a whole booth to ourselves. Stay for a while. - Nice leather pillows. Watch some ESPN. - She charged my tax on a free drink. lame...
1	I went in with a group of 6 for brunch. Service was fair at best while dining. However, the experience after we left will be forever remembered by all of us. One of my friends  forgot his camera on the table. We walked out after paying and realized this about 3 minutes out of the restaurant. He ran back to grab it and was not able to locate it. While speaking with staff and management they all had a very unconcerned attitude and seemed as if they wanted nothing to do with us anymore. We asked the manager on duty to review the security cameras to locate the item for us since we were just dining there just a few minutes before we returned. But he would not budge. Then while we were voicing our concerns with the manager we witnessed a waitress laughing at the situation. Of course, management did not do anything to discipline this employee. Very disappointed at the management and staff of this place. Food is PRICEY and not worth it. Several Buffets at vegas offer better tasting food! SERVICE was ridiculously below standards! DO NOT GO HERE EVER!!
4	I stayed at the Venetian while in Vegas and ate at First Food and Bar for brunch on Sunday. There was a great DJ, bottomless mimosa and bloody mary deals, and a nice view of the strip. I had the build your own omelette, which comes with their delicious potatoes. Overall the restaurant had great food and was a great place to start our Sunday Funday.
5	Hip place!
5	One of my favorite meals of all time. I have ate at a lot of good restaurants and this one was determined to be one of my wife and I's favorite meals. We had the Philly cheesesteak pot stickers which were good, but not my favorite. The pulled pork egg rolls with dr pepper BBQ sauce were a party in your mouth. The Doritos Mac n cheese and the KFC pork chop with peaches and cream were also amazing. Plus they give your pretzel rolls with mustard vinaigrette sauce before your meal. I will definitely be a repeat customer every time I go to Vegas.
4	My wife and I had dinner there last week it was really good. She had the BLT. It was a giant loaf of baguette sliced lengthwise with about 12 strips of bacon, avocado, arugula, and tomato. She sent the bacon back to be finished cooking cause it was limp, but after it came back it was perfectly crispy and hot. I had the raw vegetable salad minus the red onion and it was super tasty. I also had the coconut curry red snapper which we both thought was just about the best seafood dish we had ever eaten. We also had the doughnuts which were amazingly good and the sauces were perfect.I liked this place a lot. It's in an off beaten part of the Venetian-Palazzo complex and it has a view of LVB. We had a Grazie coupon book and I wouldn't go here without as the prices are quite high, especially if you are local and don't go down to the Strip much to eat.
4	Good food- and very cool atmosphere. We had dinner here before a bachelorette outing and it was lots of fun. Our waiter even comped as around of shots to get the party started which was very nice. Great place and not overly crowded which was good.
3	The wife and I ate here last Labor Day weekend.  It was a Friday afternoon and the restaurant was actually pretty dead.  The wife had lobster rolls and clam chowder.  The lobster rolls were pretty small and the soup was fairly bland.  I had a burger.  It was good but a tad pricey.  They charge for lettuce, tomato and onion, (LTO) which is ridiculous.The burger was good but I think something was off because I was shooting out "butt-piss" the rest of the night.
4	We had been here before and had a great time.  I thought I had written a reveiw, but hey, guess not. The food is consistat and good.  The Lobster rolls were so rich!  My burger was large and in charge, quite tasty.  The picher of Sangrias is a freaking Value!The only think that sucked was the Mac n Cheese.  Best in Vegas, my ass.  Seriously, Mac in resturants is one of my "things" and this one was close to dead last.  Just because you think your funky and crumble a dorito on top, doesn't make a bland boring base any better.Go, enjoy.  Drink your ass off, just avoid the Mac!
2	Meh.First food and bar was the first place that we went after we arrived in Vegas. We had three appetizers (the egg rolls, the wings, and the goat cheese souffle), my husband had a beer, and we had a pitcher of Sangria. The bill was $100.I thought the prices were outrageous for what you get. The wings were decent. Egg rolls were mushy wrapper mostly with a little bit of filling. They were not very good. And the cheese souffle is decent-- it's like a goat cheese mix served on big pieces of lettuce. It was all just OK. The sangria was good, and the pitcher was big enough that we each had two big glasses.The restaurant was dead. This was probably about 530 on a Friday afternoon. Our waiter was not very nice or attentive.Absolutely skip this place. There's a reason it is empty.
4	Food was unique and deliciousthe place was kind of dead but the DJ pumped us up with the music and we didnt care that it wasnt a full house on a Saturday night.Doritos Mac and Cheese, not so great, unless you like cheese Doritos flavored mac and cheeseOverall cute place with a nice view and good food
4	we had a great time.i had a fish in this curry sauce which was very tasty.my wife had fille mignion steak and staff lobsterboth dishes were very tasty. service was great and location is very nice by the strip at the palazzo restaurant.few beers to wash it all down and we had very nice dinnerwill go back for sure
4	I was somewhat dubious about First. They have some reviews that are less than favorable, and prices seemed pretty high from previewing the menu. I was going to try to find somewhere with more positive feedback but when I realized what a late start we were getting that night (on a Monday) I knew that First would be accommodating since they are open super late.So my sister and I came here to fill up before hitting XS club at the Wynn. I had seen some complaints about the difficulty of finding the place but had no such problem, the place is located strip side with a near direct entrance. We were dropped off in front of the Palazzo and could walk right in. They were friendly, and almost empty at 9:30 on Labor Day Monday. Seated right away in a chilly booth table with a window over the strip.The food: fabulous. I think the trick is knowing how and what to order. We steered clear of the appetizer section, which just seemed like an easy road list to fat and broke. No thanks.I also noticed the menu had some slightly different options than the one I saw online, I was happy about that. We started with the raw market veggie salad ($13?) with aged cheddar and the black bean soup ($9). I could have been happy with just that, I was practically full!We then moved on to the Coconut Crusted Snapper and the Magic Mushroom Papardelle ($21). Omigod. The flavors. The fish was atop a bed of steamed rice in a creamy curry sauce (perfect spice level) and the truffle oil with the beautifully cooked mushrooms in the pasta was to die for. We really would have been content to skip the club and just go back and revel in our stuffed glory after that meal. The drinks (the cotton candy martini - $15 and one of the little liquors -$5) were a little sweet for my taste. The food was amazing, and though more expensive than I prefer, it was still a touch more modest than the slew of $$$$ restaurants littered around the strip. We spent a little less and still had a good  "foodie experience." Totally satisfied.
4	With so many restaurants in Las Vegas to choose from, and new ones opening up all the time, you almost feel like you have to justify going back to the place you were at only a couple months back, or revisit the spot that was a highlight of your last vacation out here.Chef Sammy DeMarco's First Food & Bar requires no such justification because its vast menu provides many opportunities to try something new, and the food here is always consistent no matter the time of day, so you'll never be disappointed. What more can you ask for?Based on a concept that started out in New York's East Village, First Food & Bar takes familiar comfort foods and hoists them up to new levels, with playful, contemporary twists.We've sampled countless items from their menu, both for lunch and dinner, and each one has been a hit.The dinner highlights have included a sea-monster-sized deep-fried lobster served with a tamarind pad thai, a miso cod with a hoisin glaze, and a warm goat cheese souffle that combines asian pears, cranberries and pistachios.Lunch has often been a selection of their unique appetizers. I love their BBQ pulled pork eggrolls that come with a tangy but sweet Dr. Pepper dipping sauce, their Philly cheesesteak dumplings served with a Siracha ketchup, and their walnut shrimp that would make some Asian restaurants in Chinatown cry in shame.On my last visit there, we sampled the "Jersey Shore" (a scrumptious BLTA served with their famous Doritos-crusted Mac 'n' Cheese), as well as an all-dressed sausage with fries and gravy, and their lollipop style Buffalo wings (the bones are "frenched" to create the sticks).They also have an extensive beer selection, which is another reason I frequent them so often, and gives me something else that's new to try on each visit here. Some of the highlights from their beer menu includes: Alaska Amber, an altbier from California; Arrogant Bastard Ale, a smoky, strong ale also from California; Dogfish Head's floral 90-Minute IPA from Delaware; Leinenkugel's Sunsat Wheat from Wisconsin that has blueberry and coriander flavors; and Woodchuck Pear Cider from Vermont that goes down way too fast.The restaurant is located in the maze that is the Shoppes at the Palazzo, but you can find a "secret entrance" with an elevator that whisk you right up to the restaurant, just around the corner from the hotel's entrance on the Vegas strip. Simply take the sidewalk that hugs the left side of the Walgreen's near the hotel and follow it through the Palazzo's gates. A clearly marked door along the wall on the right side of the sidewalk will take you there.
3	We wandered into First starving after a long day of sight seeing and the menu and portions absolutely hit the spot. We had an afternoon brunch, with a generous spread including an omelette and Eggs Benedict. Well, my friend had the omelette, I had the salmon Eggs Benedict. That included a ridiculously large portion of greasy home fries that were irresistible. Drinks were plentiful. I had the Skittle martini (I chose orange, my favorite flavor of the candy). It was sweet and satisfying enough. The staff is friendly and the waitresses don skimpy Britney Spears-esque school girl outfits that are, well, just odd. But our waitress was very attentive and helpful when making menu decisions. The food came out fast as well. The decorum left a bit to be desire, it was a typical bar type of vibe with a somewhat entertaining view of the strip. (I got to learn about some of the events that week via an enormous digital flashing screen). While I cannot say this is a culinary feat by any means, I can say that First offers an unparalleled selection of American/bar food and drinks. If it's large portions and fast service you desire, then this is definitely the place to dine.
4	The food was great!  I had the lollipop wings and the sliders.  The food was fresh and well prepared.  If you are in the mood for a slight twist on American classics this is the place to go.
5	I could cut my perfectly cooked filet with a regular knife, and I feel this is a sufficient 5 star review.
4	Awesome, tasty, fun food and drinks. Great view. However, can only once in a while because its so pricey!
4	I have walked by this place without stopping in on three trips to LV since 2009. My boyfriend and I finally decided on it one night as we were randomly looking for our dinner spot. We started with the appetizer sampler and some prosecco. The garlic shrimp was excellent, the wings were nice and spicy and the Philly cheese steak egg rolls were crazy in a good way. For the main course, we split the shrimp Alfredo and a 32 oz. Prime rib. That's right, you heard me, 32 oz Prime rib. Apparently, I wasn't paying attention when my boyfriend ordered this because what came out to out table from the kitchen was obscene. All a piece of meat that size needs is some legs and it will get up and walk off your dinner table by itself...But seriously, it was the best Prime rib I've ever had. I recommend calling some friends first before you order the 32 oz, or just order the 14 oz like a sane person.
4	So much fun!Definitely come here with your group of friends for Sunday brunch so you can bottomless champagne for $10!!! Seriously, where are you going to find a deal like that in Vegas? There's a DJ spinning upbeat music, so with your bottomless booze and friends, it's a guaranteed good time.The food was just alright for me. I got Your "First" Threesome (biscuits, BBQ pork, cheddar cheese, jalapeno hollandaise, 3 eggs over easy), which SOUNDED awesome, but in reality ended up not tasting impressive. It wasn't horrible, just not as flavorful as I expected. I wouldn't recommend. It might have been that I just chose the wrong dish, but I can only judge based on what I got.But really though, the not-bad-but-not-great food is overridden by the fun atmosphere and great bottomless champagne deal. This should seriously be a daytime stop for you and your friends.
4	I really liked this place.  The DJ was killing it (it was way too loud for this to be possible, but I swear to God, every time we talked about a song or a band, it came on shortly thereafter.  He is clearly a mind reader, or magic, or something.) and we had a great time bopping through dinner as he played one great song after another.  In fact, we ended up reaching out to him to book him for another event.The food was really good.  Buffalo wing lollipops were fun and the Philly cheesesteak potstickers were like, knock your grandmother down to get the last one good.  I had a mushroom papperdelle pasta with truffle oil, but had totally filled up on the aforementioned snacks by then.  The cookie dough truffles are missable.  Don't sit facing the windows in the evening; the giant screen out there will light up and sear your eyeballs - you've been warned.  But, if you time it just right, it'll help you to read the menu.
1	After finding an offer on one stop for First Food and Bar, I purchased the certificate and had high expectations dining here. We arrived at the Palazzo for lunch because on one stop, it showed that lunch would be available; however, on a Thursday, the kitchen was closed. So buyer beware! Check the hours of the establishment always. I decided to use Open Table to create a reservation for Friday, 5P dining for 3 (2 adults and a 17 mo old) to ensure the kitchen would be open. Upon arrival at First Food and Bar, we were greeted and seated wth menus. The decor offered a cool hipster vibe and I felt like my expectations were going to be met. Our waiter took our drink order and after 2 false starts for beer because the keg needing "tapping", he finally brought a soda and beer to the table. After showing the one stop restaurant.com certificate, the waiter took it to the back and came back with our appetizer of soft pretzel sticks. Our meal was so-so. The KFC Pork Chop was cooked to discombobulating medium rare. After watching various cooking shows where this is acceptable, I decided to keep the chop at the table. The medium cooked part of the chop was tasty. The frosted flake crust offered a nice crunch. The grilled peach that accompanied the chop was overdone and not sweet. If the plate had been executed better - medium cooked chop and a sweet grilled peach to go with the cream, then this would have been a fine dish. The Lamb Osso Bucco was a big portion. The lamb was tender and the eggplant couscous was very flavorful and spicy. A bit more raita would have been great to bring this dish home. The childrens menu is de riguer and the chicken nuggets and fries were pretty good. Overall the meal was fine. But the service was not. The waiter dropped off the check which was $95. Typically, with restaurant.com certificated the servers ALWAYS go over the bill and show how the discount was applied and to ensure the customer sees the gratuity that was added. This time no. My husband dropped $120 on the bill and the waited asked if we needed change and my husband said No. Then, the waiter never came back. No follow up on the receipt of the meal, no follow up on drink refills or additional drinks...nothing, except another guy looking at the table waiting for our departure to bus. So we left. About 50 feet outside of the restaurant, the restaurant.com issue stuck with me and I went back inside to ask the waiter if he applied the $25 off. He simply said Yes. No show on the reciept...nothing. In effect, this guy made off with an 18% gratuity automatically applied because of the restaurant.com with an additional 26% gratuity from my husband -- and no, he did not provide 44% in gratuity level of service. Lastly, open table contacted me to advise that I was a NO SHOW on the reservation. Very troubling that even the hostess couldn&apos;t confirm an open table reservation. Thereby, erasing the whole dining incident from the records -- no reservation confirmation and no credit card swipe on the bill.
5	This is really one of the nicest place to eat at. Very nice modern upscale atmosphere.That view of the strip is stunning from your table,or bar area. The music is perfect for the atmosphere.The food is so delicious,one of a kind!!!. We got treated very nice ,and served fast. The food portions are big.Wife loved it! Will defenitley be back!!!!
4	First time I saw First Food & Bar, I wasn't even looking for it. I was meeting some friends in the newly built Palazzo at the time and remembered putting it on my places to try list. I passed by it several occasions since then and I always think to myself that I need to try it out already.Well when I finally decide that today was the day to give this a place a shot, I couldn't find it for the life of me! It's more on the Venetian side, across from where the gondola loading dock, or whatever you call it is located.Nice, big space with windows overlooking the strip. It was the weekend so we were looking at their brunch menu. We all opted for bottomless champagne and added OJ for $17 a piece and ordered a few different items.The Cuban sandwich was one of the best and meatiest Cuban sandwiches I've ever had. These are pretty basic sandwiches so quality and amounts of ingredients really make or break a good Cuban. The presentation was kinda sloppy but that's okay, it tasted great.The Philly cheesesteak was made with rib-eye and was drizzled with a balsamic glaze. Not your typical cheesesteak but one of the best I've had as well. Don't let it sit and get cold, the taste was not that great when it's not warm.I was really stoked to see Doritos Mac and cheese on the menu but when it came out, it looked like a scoop of Mac and cheese and crumbles of Doritos in a mini iron skillet. I was disappointed to see that the mac and cheese was gooey all around--I prefer the kind that has a crusted-cheese top layer.The service was great, our server never let our champagne glasses reach below half full and the GM came around to make sure everything was good and chatted with us for a bit. We were camping out for at least a couple hours and never felt like we overstayed our welcome. Overall, great food and awesome service. Definitely plan to come back and try the dinner menu, as long as I can find the place again.
5	This place is just oozing with cool - the atmosphere is so edgy, the vibe is so chaotic, the food choices are so off the wall!  I came in on a Saturday afternoon around 1pm for a late lunch/brunch (if you can still call it that, lol) and there was no wait!  We got lucky and sat in one of the horseshoe rounded booths facing the view of the strip/the gigantic Palazzo sign.  (REMINDER - if you're staying at the Palazzo, you have a $20 off $50 purchase! Biggest regret of the day - not realizing I had a coupon until later that night, lol).With that said, even though I didn't have a $20 savings the meal was WELL worth it!  I got the skittles martini sampler and...boy oh boy - you should definitely try to share this and not attempt to drink it all alone, if you're a lightweight like me :S (lets say my evening wasn't very pretty!)Homefries were really good, ask for ketchup.  Bf ordered "your first 3some" with the jalepeno hollandaise sauce, definitely gotta try that, so good. All in all, I must say this place was definitely worth it.  A part of me wished that I didn't finish the sampler all on my own so I could try their desserts (MONKEY BREAD!!), but this just gives me incentive to return again!
2	I came here for Sunday brunch with my friends. We only waited 5 minutes to be seated so that was nice. This seems like a good place to go if you want to get your bottomless mimosas or champagne on with brunch. My friends got the bottomless mimosas which was around $17, but they got their moneys worth. Unfortunately it took awhile to track down the girl with the champagne cart, since there was only one for the whole restaurant. Expect to wait awhile if you go this route. As far as food I ordered the chicken and waffles. I do love me some chicken and waffles so it was hard not to compare them to those of Roscoes and The House of Chicken and Waffles in Oakland. The plate came with 4 halve waffles, your choice of egg (sunny side up), and about 4 pieces of chicken. The waffles were okay at best, and unfortunately my chicken was cold and not fresh. My friend had the same problem, so we asked for them to be heated up. The second time around the chicken was warm, but nothing extraordinary. They serve the chicken pulled apart , which I wasn't crazy about. I wouldn't recommend ordering this to anyone. At best an average offering.
4	Pretty much empty on a Saturday night around 8:30, but I'll take a break from the crazy crowds of Las Vegas. (edit 4/1/13, it's closed down so now we know why)We got a booth against the window with fantastic views of the strip. Didn't want to fill up too much, so we opted for a few appetizers and cocktails. We got the Doritos Mac and Cheese (not too creamy but good enough, and the doritos added a nice touch), the pulled pork egg rolls (amazing!) philly cheesesteak dumplings (AMAZINGER!). For 4 people that were slightly hungry, it was a perfect portion. To drink i had a skittles martini, just because it sounded interesting. It tasted just like skittles, super sweet and a bit on the strong side. Give this place a shot!
2	Wanted to like this place, got seated next to glass wall with the view of the strip (beautiful). And they had an amazing DJ during Sunday brunch! The food was fine but felt priced higher for its worth. One of the items I tried was the Doritos Mac & Cheese, its listed as one of Vegas's best on the menu. I was expecting a culinary creative magic, it was just mac and cheese with crumbled doritos on top. It definitely wasn't the best I've ever had. I'd recommend so many other places to eat in the Venetian/Palazoo area than this place. Skip it!
1	Only ended up here because the Grand Lux Cafe was so busy.  The service here is awful.  They were not busy enough to excuse the inattentiveness of our server (young, dark-haired female, will leave her name out but we were seated in the bar area on this past Sunday afternoon, December 2nd)...she came to take our drink order which was only coffee and water.  She asked if we took cream and sugar, then said she would give us a minute to look at the menu. We made a very obvious show of displaying we were ready to order and not only did she not come back to our table for over 15 minutes, she literally walked back and forth between the two tables on either side of us.  It took 20 minutes to get our coffees, cream was brought to the table but no sugar.  We tried to get her attention to no avail, my boyfriend actually had to go up and get sugar and our previously requested waters from the bartender.  We were just discussing whether or not to walk out when she finally came back to the table to take our food orders.  Those showed up within a somewhat acceptable time frame but she still took her time coming back to check up on us.  We finished our food and were so anxious to leave that when she finally took a break from her socializing with the group of college kids next to us, that my boyfriend didn't even ask her for the check.  He just handed her his card and asked her to run it.  She took the card and brought us the check back with the card, WITHOUT running the card...We should have just walked out then.  She completely failed at doing her job and that was her own fault, but we waited even longer so that we could point out the mistake to her.  She responded that she did run the card, just forgot to grab the receipt for my boyfriend to sign.  She ran off, came back and then admitted that she hadn't run the card, so now she had to take the card AGAIN and actually swipe it this time.She came back again with an excuse as to why she messed up but at that point, we didn't care and just really wanted to get out of there.  This girl should be working at Denny's, not here.  The bar itself is cool but the quality of food is not worth the price you pay.  It was just ok.  Would never go out of my way to go here again, there are too many other places to eat.
5	The food here is terrific. Brad did an incredible job as the server tonight keeping us filled up on drinks and clearing our table. The manager Glen was incredible checking on our table throughout the meal. This is definitely the place to go!!!
1	Service was HORRIBLE. After I finished my meal, I literally sat there for 30 minutes watching the whole wait staff, as well as what appeared to be the manager, obsess over a baby. Total waste of my time and money.
4	had the fish and chips plus the bbq pork egg rolls.  loved the fish and chips.  service and atmospher was good.  music a little load.  will definitely go back.
4	My best friend and I stumbled into First after landing in Vegas.  Fortunately we happened to arrive right as Happy Hour was starting.  After indulging in several Stoli presses (they are buy one get one free I believe) we feasted on the Lollipop Wings, Philly Dumplings, and Dorito's Mac and Cheese.  The wings and dumplings were fantastic, but the mac and cheese left me wondering what the hype was about.  The bartender (tall Vietnamese? guy) was incredibly personable and urged us to return for their bottomless mimosa brunch.  My girlfriends and I have a strict tradition of mimosa fueled mornings while vacationing so obviously brunch was an easy sell.  This time we came back with a bigger group and were sat immediately at a large booth in the bar.  We all ordered different things but I would say the salmon eggs benedict and the hot mess were at the top of the list.  Our server (Darcy, Daisy?) was a blast and never let our mimosas ($17 for bottomless) go empty which was quite the feat!  The bartender from happy hour recognized us and sent over a round of shots, and then more and more rounds started appearing... no complaints from this crowd!  Our server gave us the numbers of several promoters and told us what places to head to for our last night in Sin City.  Good food, solid drink specials, and the first place I recommend to friends visiting Vegas.
3	Some weird food here ... in a good way.Perhaps advertising that you're open "late ... really late" is not compatible with closing the kitchen at 11:00pm or perhaps a little earlier, though.  Not in Vegas.  I'd also note that, at least the evening we visited, they had the music up so loud they were getting quite a bit of distortion from the sound system.  I don't mind loud music per-se, but the quality issue...It took quite a lot of time indeed to get basics like water - the lone server in our section was kind of overwhelmed, I think, though friendly and accommodating when present.Lobster Roll was good - four buns with a lobster mix on top and plenty of butter.  "Main Line" Philly Cheesesteak ( with foie, of course ) was great as well, though probably eventually fatal.  Flavors of the Pulled Pork Eggroll - chopped in six pieces and covered with slaw - kind of got lost in the mix.Monkey Bread and a $5 scoop of rapidly melting vanilla ice cream ended up a little dry, and the ice cream did not survive long enough to be more than a sauce.  The portion is large, but not over-large for two people to finish.Overall, the food is a particular brand of decadent, and pretty good if that's what you're looking for, but the spotty service knocked it down a couple notches for us.
3	Very empty for 7:00pm on a Saturday night in Vegas. Sure, it is a hidden location, stuck in between two hotels, but with a good view of the strip, and ample seating, that does not seem to be a good sign. Sat at the bar. The bartenders were busy tending to the bar and busty female patrons to serve my partner and I, but after flagging one down, we were fine. The food was kind of all over and didn't seem to make a lot of sense. The Doritos mac and cheese was creamy, and the Doritos on top did not do too much to add flavor to the dish. The walnut shrimp was a bit overcooked, but was on the flavorful side.
5	10$ champagne brunch that lasts pretty much all day on the weekends! You won't find a better deal or a more fun atmosphere. We has the BEST server named Jessica--she was very professional, fun and attentitve even though she had a few other big tables. They were great about keeping our champage glasses full. This is now one of our "must hit" places on the strip--we have been a couple times before and each time had a great experience. The food was great, too--the portions are way too big!
3	My sister came to visit last friday, so my siblings and myself when out to eat at first food and bar.  It looked like a strange idea, and i wanted to check it out.  It was not too busy, so we were able to get a table pretty easily.  We started with apps, we had the sampler plate that included chicken lolipops, philly chesse steak potstickers, and walnut shrimp.  We also got the meat balls, and the pulled pork eggrolls.  So first of all the pork eggrolls were really awesome.  The dr pepper sauce, with cole slaw was a hit with the table.  The philly cheese steak potstickers were a bit odd, but different.  You dont expect the taste it was unique.  The meatballs were served with a crustini and fried egg.  Together was perfect, but if you at it piece by piece it was a bit bland.  The lolipops just tasted like normal wings, and the walnut shrimp was a bit disappointing. The entrees included the Philly cheese steak, the cuban sandwhich, the steak and fries, and the special as the steak oscar.  Everything was pretty eh.  The sandwiches were very bland, but the steak oscar as good.  My sister really enjoyed it.  The bes part was desert, in which we ordered the monkey bread.  It was warm and sweet and awesome.  Overall this place is ok, some hits, some misses.  It was a bit prices but I would not mind to try it again.
3	Came here for a quick dinner with some colleagues.  Overall, the service was ok. Our waitress was very attentive and stepped up when needed.  I was disappointed to find out that the prime rib was not available that night, but was pleasantly surprised to find out that they had a rib eye steak in its place.  Unfortunately, it was a disappointing rib eye, at best.  It was dry and flavorless.  (the side of mushrooms were the only thing that saved the meal) That said, everyone else seemed to enjoy the meal.  The ambiance was nice.  Casual, yet up scale. I liked the fact that they were off the beaten path, which seemed to keep the noise level down and the crowds manageable.
5	Ok so this is the second time I have been to this restaurant and let me tell you this is probably my FAVORITE restaurant in Vegas period. There are so many great things to talk about....the creativity of their menu is unbelievable.  The bar menu offers fun options like the the Lindsay Lohan ( A redheaded slut with coke) and several other strong and reasonably priced drinks.  The food=AMAZING. I highly recommend working your way through most of the appetizers...my personal favorite are the ahi tuna nachos and the dumplings.  The main courses and desserts are phenomenal as well.  The waitstaff is extremely friendly and the manager and chef's went out of their way to make us feel more than welcome.  First food & bar is one place you must visit when hitting the vegas strip!!
1	Went for Sunday brunch.  Place wasn't very busy yet our party of seven stood around waiting for two tables to be pushed together for us to sit while about four hostesses just stood at the front of the restaurant.Ordered the Threesome and it was lukewarm at best when it came out and tasted bland.  What happened to the jalapeno hollandaise? I couldn't taste any jalapenos. Six of us were served after waiting a long time for food to come out and another ten minutes later the seventh persons food came out, which was an omelet...not a hard order. She had to ask the server twice where her food was........Servers were friendly, but no sense of urgency from kitchen to get food out.  I would/will never return.  Dissappointed.
2	Came for a birthday and we were a larger group.  We were disappointed that the music was so loud...we couldn't have a conversation except with the people immediately next to us.  Oddly, they have a DJ, I think just so that they can advertise they have a DJ-so you can feel like you're in a club, I guess.  When eating, my preference is to be in a restaurant.    The mix of music was odd...remakes of not so great songs.  Want to hear a remake of Britney Spears's "Whoops, I Did It Again"?  This kind of music is for you.The exact location is hard to find, it's advertised as being in the Palazzo, but you are clearly in the Venetian.  That threw us off as we looked, as we would not cross over into the Venetian, thinking by then we would have gone too far. We went on a Friday night at 8, and it was very quiet, which is odd.   No complaints, but why have such loud music for so few people?  The food was an interesting read, and had unique dishes.   The drinks were unique, but really seemed to favor super sweet (Skittles, Cotton Candy, Sangria that tasted as sweet as jam).   We all liked our food, and the prices weren't bad.  I
4	2nd time here. Fun selection of food. I've had the Pan Roasted Scallops $30, delish! Two-handed BLTA $19, get it with egg!!!
5	I love first I always go to their champagne brunch and it is a blast! They have a dj and trendy food and a photo booth it's great. They're " My first threesome" is an eggs Benedict with pulled pork instead of canadian bacon with chipotle hollandaise sauce it is so good I literally crave it so I have to go in and get it like once a month. Their weekend brunch is also bottomless mimosas for $10! and bottomless bloody marys that are AMAZING for $10 too they have a bloody mary cart and you customize your own bloody marys and they have everything you could possibly think of I even added a little bit of bacon flavored vodka and it was great. Their french toast comes out on fire which is awesome. Their dinner is great too Their honey walnut shrimp is the best I have ever had. The staff is all pretty girls that dress like flight attendants which makes it super fun & "vegasy". Their crafted cocktails are great too like the cucumber gimlet is awesome and refreshing doesn't even taste like gin & the skinny Bi**h is a funny but good cocktail. The decor is fun and artsy and trendy and clean and modern just all around a great place. The manager visits every table to make sure everything is good and everyone is happy great atmosphere.
4	Hungry and no where else to go, we came across this restaurant at the Palazzo.  Didn't expect much of it, but the food was quite delicious and filling. Love the trendy decor.Free pretzel bread! Yum :)The philly cheesesteak sandwich - Surprising really big and tasty. Definitely a sandwich you can share.  My group wanted to share a whole salad so they made individual salads for all of us.  Great presentation and was pretty good.
2	this place was basically empty when we went on thursday.  We had a restaurant.com coupon which is why we went.  I got the snapper which was delicous but the portion was tiny.  I should have been double the size for being $27.  It was a snack.  My husband got the Blackened skirt steak which was ok and portion was decent.  However, we probably wouldn't go back just because with the $25 coupon, it was $40+ tip with 1 drink and 2 entrees.  Although that's ok, I wouldn't have paid $70 for that meal.  My dish was too small for that price.
1	Used to love this place but they unexpectedly closed their doors yesterday and cancelled our reservation for next month. Really tacky!
4	Place was pretty good. Nice atmosphere nice decor and music the food was pretty good! Had the lollipop buffalo wings which were pretty good the waitress made it sound better than it actually was. For the main dish had the Panko Crusted Fish Barramundi, actually 3 of the 4 of us had that and it was great! The other person got the skirt steak which was great as well!Would definitely go there again!
5	I've come back a few more times with groups of friends and I had such a great time.  The menu for food and drinks is so fun and creative and everything was delicious as well.  I've come here for brunch and lunch and have had great experiences every time.
