5	Note to management:  please bring Houston's back to Chicago, please???I live in Chicago - but every time I am in AZ I stop in to Houston's at least once (OK, at least twice, and the first time is generally right after my plane lands).  I am a Houston's junkie.  I also used to work here in high school - but that bias has totally worn off.  And you know what?  If you worked somewhere and *still* want to eat there, the place must be doing something right. . .What is that something?  The smoked salmon appetizer, the spinach dip, the Arnold Palmer's with fresh squeezed lemonade, the Greyhounds with fresh squeezed grapefruit juice, the ribs (*drool*), the key lime pie, the apple cobbler, the fries with a side of mustard honey sauce, all of the salads - should I keep going?As you can see, I love this place.  It is a classic.  Consistently top-notch service (the servers actually adhere to the customer right-of-way rule, know lots about the food, and accommodate any reasonable request, and the bartenders seem to know every patron by first name and favorite drink).  The prices seem to have crept up a bit - but I just don't mind because the positives outweigh the price.  I *heart* Houston's.  This location is a bit more low-key than the Esplanade, though in the winter and spring you should expect a wait of 30-60 minutes, as they do not accept reservations.All in all, delicious food, crisp service, and a comfy setting.  I miss you, Houston's!!!
4	This is the Scottsdale Houston's -- the top notch of the bunch -- and it easily surpasses the already impressive service and presentation of the Esplanade Houston's hands down.Unfortunately, you know the action/reaction thing? It applies in this case, as well, and while the Esplanade Houston's will sit you on a twenty minute wait, get comfortable with a forty minute plus wait on peak hours around here. Sure, the regulars get preferential treatment, as it should be, I suppose. I mean, if I am shelling some extraordinary percentage of my paychecks to one particular establishment, I would want it, too. But, for the lot of you that aren't regulars, that spells trouble. Once you get a seat, you are in for a wonderful, albeit pricey, meal. If your in a rush, my advice is to call ahead or go at an off hour.
5	One of my favorite restaurants of all time. Everything in the place is outstanding and well above anyone's expectations. The burgers are the best I have ever had, in fact I have a hard time ordering a hamburger anywhere else but Houston's. My personal favorite is the Hickory Burger which comes with Canadian bacon, shredded cheddar cheese, and a special hickory sauce on top. The ribs are also an excellent selection. The meat literally falls off the bone with these.I must say that I am a "regular' for Saturday lunches but I get there right when it opens at 11 so my group and I are guaranteed our bar top table. The only bad thing about this place is that it is always busy unless you go at off times. However, to accommodate the wait, they have a beautiful outside patio that serves drinks and appetizers while you wait (I would recommend the spinach dip while you wait...you might be sad when your table arrives and there's still a little dip left).
4	Best damn salad I've ever had in my life. Based on that alone, I give Houston's 4 stars. Perhaps someday I'll venture back to sample their dinner menu.
4	Houston's is one of many excellent restaurants you'll find in the greater Phoenix area. It's a little pricey but definitely worth it. It's a good place to go if you're just coming off the golf course and are looking for some good food and cold beverages.
5	Houston's has great food and is very consistent. You always know what your getting. I love their chicken salad and atlantic salmon with brown beans and rice. There's a wide variety of menu choices so everyone in your group can be accommodated.
5	What can I say? I love it here...so much so, that you can pretty much find me there at least once during a Thursday, Friday or Saturday  afternoon/evening. They are not the most affordable option in town (e.g., a burger, glass of wine + tip = approx. $30 meal) but, they've got the burger and wine list down to a science. And, Saturday's you've got a great option for a Texas Firehouse Chili Cheeseburger that is out of this world!I usually sit at the bar;  where I can usually stir up conversation with any of the other Guests looking for a damn good meal; or one of the personable bartenders (Raini, Rachel, Jason and Eric are all fabulous) or simply take in a quick light bite and view the latest sporting event on one of the HD televisions.It really is fabulous! Stop by - check it out for yourself and tell them Shannan sent you!
4	Again, for a chain this is an outstanding destination.I have NEVER been let down here. Always amazing food and excellent service, which is astonishing being that I live next door and have been here frequently.I have always loved Houston's best for lunch. Also, check out their sister establishment "Bandera" in Old Town.
5	Always a wait,  but so worth it...I went to Houston's for dinner tonight (Saturday) with my parents... I was smart and checked to see if they take 'call ahead,' which they do.  I called at around 6:30 and there was an hour wait.  I put our name in and arrived just before 7.  My parents arrived at 7:15 and we were sat at 7:20ish, so it worked out perfectly!Not much I can say that hasn't already been said... excellent service (tonight we had Maria and Chelsea helping us and they were great), yummy food, and great atmosphere too!My favorite menu items are the spinach dip appetizer, ahi tuna sashimi salad, the veggie burger, the fresh fish of the day, and all of the sides are delicious too... I always have a difficult time deciding what to get!  Tonight, the specialty appetizer was the grilled artichoke which we had to order - it's grilled just right and served with a dip that tastes like heaven!  I changed it up a little and ordered the cheeseburger for my meal - it was so worth it!  The flavors of the meat. cheese, buttery house made bun, tomato, lettuce pickle and onion... yum!  I shared fries, maple glazed carrots, and broccoli with my mom (who ordered the fresh fish sandwich).  My dad ordered the filet (14 oz) and it came with a baked potato... needless to say, we didn't save room for dessert.If you do save room for dessert, go for the apple walnut cobbler... it's up there as one of the best sweet treats for sure!  I'll have to remember to save room next time, it's just that the food is so damn good, I always clean my plate!  Like I said, it's worth the wait!
5	Used to love this place when I lived here, and had the opportunity to come back on a work trip.  Was packed (even VERY late at night), being Superbowl weekend, but they made space for me at the bar anyways.  I got the Thai Steak salad (I think?) and a bunch of beer.  Great service, probably even more so due to my seating.  I was near the entrance though so every time the door opened I was attacked with a burst of cold air.Best part is I somehow expensed the beer with my company (and didn't get questioned) :)
4	Most people know Houston's. Its a good standby. The service is always great and I love how the servers work as a team. Houston's has fantastic burgers if you didn't know. Tip: they serve a strawberry shortcake for dessert in the summer. Its perfect & not too sweet! The strawberries are gynormous and served atop a house made poppyseed shortcake w/ fresh whipped cream! Mouth watering yet? Oh and one more tip: I don't know why they don't have this on the menu, but you can order beer-battered chicken fingers. Order extra crispy. Yum! Bon Appetite!
5	Hands down the best restaurant around. If I were to take one place to a desert island, it would be Houstons. BridgetZ gives me a hard time because it's a chain, but she was also spoiled by living in Manhattan for a while. I still bet she'd put it in her top 5. Things I love:Hamburger (best in town)Spinach Artichoke Dip Ribs (best I have ever had)Ahi Tuna Salad (if you are needing to keep it light)Chicken tenders
2	Why I hate Houston's... sounds like a fun start to not so glowing review, huh? This one will be short and sweet.. Since when can you not wear a baseball cap into a chain restaurant? Seriously.. this place is like TGI Fridays without the kitschy crap on the walls. Apparently they have a "Appropriate Attire Required" sign on the door. Its in the smallest letters at the foot of the door so I had no idea that my cap was inappropriate.. fucking come on? Its not some swank restaurant at an even swankier resort or hotel.. its a dated chain restaurant, where families come to stuff their faces with well priced food. Now for a chain its much nicer than some but still a chain. Their house rule of trying to be something theyre not is pretty stupid. Though kudos to the manager for not kicking us out as there of course was a confrontation. I love confrontations.. she had no reasonable explanation for the rule except that it was their rule. While I will never go back to Houston's again because of their idiotic rule I will say the food and service was acceptable.
1	I am soooooo confused why this place has good reviews? Stumped actually, no.. aphauled. Ive eaten here a few times because my mom likes this place. Why? ...Because she lives off lettuce and has never tried anything else here. She like the turkey gizzards, she has no opinion. So I went there and got a salad, dressing was pretty gross. My brother got a burger that was actually raw, so he took it back. So he gets the burger back and now............The lettuce was hot wilted the bun was soggy and the cheese was still in the shape of grated cheese. This was obviously put in the microwave, topping and all. Completely disgusting!!!!!I had chicken there too and it was like the turkey on Nation Lampoon's Christmas Vacation!!!If you remember that scene, that is exactly what happened here
5	Can you say 'french dip'? Can you say 'chili'? Can you say 'burger'? Can you say 'spinach artichoke dip'? Well, if you can and you're interested in these kind of words, go to Houston's for only the BEST ever, hands down, without a doubt, yummiest french dip sandwich you've ever had in your life (be forewarned, they put mayo on the bread, so if you're not into mayo on your french dip, like me, then ask for no mayo),but Ooooooooooooooo... YUM!! And if you like killer chili (they only serve chili on Saturday's), you won't be sorry you ordered theirs -- it's amazing. Or how about a kick-butt burger, eh? Simply delish! And don't even get me started on their artichoke dip -- there isn't enough word space on Yelp for me to go there! Trust. This is by far one of my favorite restaurants, unfortunately I live in Portland (where they've never even heard of a Houston's -- poor people!) and I only get to visit the Scottsdale location every once in awhile when I hide myself away in my husband's suitcase whenever he goes there on business. :( GREAT french dip! Fabulous fries! Fantabulous chili. Kick-butt burger! S.P.I.N.A.C.H. A.R.T.I.C.H.O.K.E.  D.I.P. Mmmm... in the best possible way!A few tips: No baseball caps for men/boys -- unless you're sitting in the bar area, and then it's fine. But if you're a boy, you can't be in the bar area, so take that hat off!Dress is casual or you can even dress-it-up a bit if you want and not feel out of place in the least bit. Can get really busy, so if you're in a hurry, get there early!
5	Houston's came through again last night, and we just beat the crowd!  Jared and I arrived around 6pm and found 2 seats at the bar (he loves sitting at the bar).  We just beat the rush!Rainy, the bartender, was super friendly, and awesome at helping everyone with the perfect wine.  I noticed several menu changes since my last visit including their newest addition - sushi!  We decided to split the fresh seasonal veggie plate and the tuna salad (which is now served with the tuna in a sushi roll).  Still the same salad - and although we both like it sashimi style like they used to do, the roll was yummy, fresh, and great quality - like everything on Houston's menu.We made conversation with those around us as we enjoyed every last bite of our meals.  Thanks again Houston's for being such a consistently delicious, warm, and welcoming dining option!
4	Do yourself a favor, and do NOT order the cous cous. We ordered it upon recommendation from our waitress and we didn't like it one bit. It was way lemoney. I'm not sure what cous cous is really supposed to taste like but it didn't appease me. She found out we didn't like it and ended up taking it off our bill. I guess it pays to be honest in a semi-high end restaurant.I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants but I really wanted to try Houstons. The prime rib we ordered was alright, and I had the Hawaiian Rib Eye which was TO DIE FOR! The marinade on it was perfect but the only thing was that it somewhat charred the meat since I'm guessing there was sugar in the marainade and that burns quickly. Our dishes came with a HUGE baked potato that I couldn't even finish.Overall, I would revisit Houstons again for their Hawaiian Rib Eye and perhaps some sushi rolls.
2	This used to be one of our favs but time after time the food was mediocre and the wait staff was snooty. We no longer visit Houstons. The ribs and burgers are good and we still haven't found a place that comes close to the spinach dip but I think the wait staff needs some training in common courtesy.
5	The service was exceptional during our last visit.Everyone from the hostess - manager- bus people - wait team and especially our waitress Holly, were team oriented and driven to take care of us. We had a premium corner round table for six of us, water was constantly filled, drinks/food were delivered quickly and we we're checked in on as needed throughout our drinks/appetizers/salads and entre's. The shrimp sushi was particularly tasty, a recommendation from Holly.Holly was really on the ball, pleasant and well informed on anything that was asked of her. Between Bandera's down the road, Houston's on Camelback and this Houston's - I prefer this place of the three. The overall ambiance spoke to me and put me into a comfortable/fun experience zone.
5	Houstons is probably my favorite restaurant.  I have been going there since I was a little kid in Maryland and havent stopped.  I have seen the menu change (no more cheese bread...unless you ask), I have seen the prices go up, and now I have seen the addition of sushi.  Who would have thought...Houston's and sushi.  Kind of a weird combo.  But I will tell you it works.  I have tried two of the rolls and both were fantastic.  Mango Tuna and Spicy Tuna.  Definitly give it a shot as an appetizer or for your next meal.  Very filling as the rolls are fairly large.  Service is always great (Rainy is my favorite bartender in town).  Atmosphere is very nice, people very friendly as I usually sit at the bar.  Houston's is a no brainer when you cant decide where to eat.  Never a bad meal.
3	Good food.  Good service.  Bad location.  Bad hoodlums in the strip mall where it is located.
5	I've been coming to this location for the past few years and it's been consistantly great.  The food is excellent, the servers are kind and seem to be smiling all the time, and the ambience never fails!Prime rib is my fave dish here.  I order the end cut because I like my meat to be cooked well done and to the point where it literally falls off the bone.  Houston's prime rib doesn't fail.  It's usually a huge portion and is nicely marbled and seasoned just right.  Paired with the au jus and horseradish, it's my favorite prime rib in the valley.  yummy!My husband's must-gets are the smoked salmon and the chicken caesar salad.  They are BOTH delicious.  The smokiness of the salmon, the crisp toast, and the tarter sauce make it one of the best appetizer dishes around.  Lastly, about the caesar salad:  it's got the perfect dressing.  It's creamy, cheesy, and has a really nice garlicy kick to it.  The servers & hosts are great in this location.  It seems they're always very gracious and are smiling.  It makes dinner that much better.
5	Houston's is one of those places that never disappoints.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, lights dimmed just right, and food ALWAYS wonderful.  I used to only get the ribs here, and they are still my favorite.  Best in town.  Since my brother started working here I have expanded my choices.  First of all, they have sushi now.  Weird, I know, for an upscale American restaurant, but its really delicious.  Its not traditional sushi of course, but wonderful none the less.  Their veggie burger is one of my favorites anywhere, the seasonal veggie plate is awesome, and the thai steak and noodle salad is perfect.  Their coleslaw is the best I've ever had and the rice and beans side is surprisingly satisfying.  If they have Key Lime Pie, GET IT!!!!  You must save room or you are missing out!The next thing I'm going to try is an order of ribs with a bun and coleslaw.  My brother says its the best sandwich you'll ever have.  Wow...i'm salivating.....Time for dinner!
5	Here's an example of how much I love Houston's: I could actually tell the difference between head chefs (I remember very well the day I learned that Alex Van Uum switched to the ugly sister at 24th and Camelback).  I have someone who can vouch for me on this.Head chef notwithstanding, this is an absolute lock.  If you want a delicious dinner (or lunch) there is no question that you'll get it at Houston's.  And I will make the bold claim here: they serve the best cheeseburger in the state.  When the fries are right, they are amazing--thin yet crispy and deliciously salty on the outside but steamy and soft in the middle.  Yet it's the cheeseburger that gets my vote every time.  And this is in spite of the fact that I have had the hawaiian rib eye (amazing), the chicken sandwich (delightful), the prime rib sandwich (a savory taste sensation) and even remember fondly the best pork chops I've ever had at a restaurant, back when they served them.  (Butterflied with--yes--a tab of butter melted across the top of each side.  Fuck.)  But it ain't broke, so every time I get the cheeseburger, medium, no onions, and the juices ooze out to form an oh-so-tempting puddle on my plate--generally the only evidence that something edible even graced the plate in the first place.  Trust me on this.Appetizers: The smoked salmon appetizer is fucking ridiculously good.  And I don't even like salmon.  Also the chicago-style spinach dip.  For dessert, if they still serve the warm five nut brownie, get it.Sides: if they offer the braised cabbage, go for it.  The brussels sprouts are also a delight.Wait: get over it.  Dress relatively nicely because they claim to have a dress code.Bottom line: one sure way to know if someone is a moron is if they don't like Houston's.
3	3.5 starsService is great here! The food was okay. I was recommended to order the Seared Ahi Tuna salad and although they had removed it from the menu, they were nice enough to put it together for me and another in our party. The tuna part was ok but the lettuce had much too much dressing to eat. The mango pieces were a nice touch. We also ordered the Spinich Dip Yelpers recommended but it was nothing special.
2	Food was at best average.   Maybe we should have had the burgers.
5	One great thing about Houston's: CONSISTENCY! Every time I go it is great. I have never left feeling unsatisfied or pissed because I spent money on food that was terrible. I am sure this is one of the reasons why Houston's has been around for a long time. For starters go with the Spinach Dip. Best I have ever had! They give you sour cream and salsa to mix it up a bit, but I am a purest and stick with just the chips and the dip. They have a somewhat limited selection of beers, but offer the main stays of domestic lights. They also have a beer I have grown to love, Sessions. It's an American lager, similar to Stella in taste. It comes in what looks like a Red Stripe bottle. The service at this location has always been great. They are very attentive and are always there to fill up your water or see if you need another drink. There can be a wait here so make reservations or be prepared to wait. There is a bar to wait and grab a drink beforehand, which always makes the time go by faster. Normally I get the Ahi Tuna entree, when they have it. It comes seared, so rare, but I look mine a little more well done and the staff is always accommodating. The seasonal vegetables that are served with most of the entrees are fresh and either steamed or sauteed perfectly, plus they put a little bit of Parmesan cheese on top. Good touch. I have had the cheeseburger also. It has slowly grown on me. I didn't like it at first, but it is tasty. The fries are great too. I have also had the dirty rice and beans on the side. Black beans and white rice. Nice compliment if you are having a small salad or something. Can't say that I have had dessert. I think most of their choices have nuts in them. I despise nuts.
5	Houston's focuses on having the best of every dish.  They really nail it.  My wife and I love the Thai steak and noodle salad, Formerly the Evil Jungle Princess. Awesome salad with a great cut of filet.They have also started serving a couple sushi roles...really tasty!  We loved the Thai Tuna. We always feel so relaxed and the food never makes us feel bad. It's dressy yet casual and anyone would have a great time there! Call ahead seating is nice on the weekends. Have fun!
5	i have yet to order something that i have disliked. my favorite is the thai steak noodle salad- it's a must order. the only time i was disappointed was when i discovered their salsa was just Pace from a jar. AND the service is ALWAYS great. They stand behind the quality of their food and if it's below standard, they will take care of you! I always look forward to going to Houston's.
4	Houstons has the best service I have seen anywhere, at any restaurant. That alone is worth going for. If you go around 4:30 on the weekends, there is no wait.The sushi combo plate is fantastic. Best sushi I have ever had in my life. Really.That's just the appetizer. THEN I order the grilled seasonal fish and veggies, always good. Ask them to go light on the butter and oil. And get a side of string fries. They are amazing!Also great is the Grilled Chicken Salad...put the fries IN the salad. You will LOVE it! The chicken is like butter.And my hubby always gets the cheese toast although it is not on the menu and the filet (always perfect) and baked beans. My only complain is they don't have a happy hour. They are too good for that I guess. That's a bummer.Service here is like none other though. The best!
4	The Beautiful Carin and I went to dinner with one of my business partners and his wife tonight.They suggested Houston's, and my first thought was "no", but you know what? I'm glad we went there for dinner.I may have eaten at nearly every Houston's in North America over the past 15 years, and sometimes it just seems a little bit repetitious...it's the same menu in Minneapolis, Charlotte, Milwaukee, and Left Overshoe, Nebraska. But...I think that's the genius of it!I like their French Dip sandwich, I like their burgers, I like their ribs, I like their soups and salads, I like they way they pour a cocktail (perfect vodka martini tonight, BTW...ice cold...like a comforting fog made of vodka...mmmmm...vodka).Anyway, I realized that I like pretty much everything I've ever had at Houston's and that I can get pretty much everything I've ever had at A Houston's at THIS Houston's! Genius!The service is attentive and now that they take ressie's, the lengthy wait for a spot in the restaurant can be a thing of the past.I do have one small quibble with the service (and it really is a quibble). I just don't really like being interrupted during my second bite to be asked "is everything wonderful?" It's just kind of presumptuous to ask the "wonderful" part, in the first place, and the wonder doesn't really kick in until I've had a few more bites...then I will be happy to let you know it was wonderful! As I say, just a quibble...they were just trying to be sure we were happy...and we were!Finally, a word about sushi at Houston's...the word is "really?" I love sushi, but this may be the only thing on Houston's menu that I have not tried. I just think it's reaching. When I walk into a Houston's, "raw" and "fish" aren't top of mind. But, more sushi for you guys!All in all, Houston's (all the millions and millions of locations, but esp. you, local Scottsdale location) is a solid lunch and dinner spot. It won't cost you and arm and a leg for a really decent meal in a nice relaxing atmosphere. It may not be the greatest grub you'll ever have, but it's pretty damn good! Thanks for getting me out there tonight, partner!
5	I'm a little biased because I used to work here, but it truly is an outstanding restaurant. Yes,  you may have to wait a while for a table on a weekend - but it's well worth the wait! Consistent excellent food and service, and a fantastic wine selection by the glass. My favorites: Tuna Salad, Veggie Burger (amazing!), smoked salmon appetizer, and tortilla soup. Their spinach dip is also fantastic (try ordering this takeout not cooked, take it to a party, zap it in the microwave - and you'll be a hit!)
5	Saturday nights are for Houston's. Especially since it is the only day they serve their fabulous chili. The chili goes great with the cheesburger. Which I feel is the best burger in town! The service is always great!
4	Love this place for strange reasons I guess... I love their cole slaw, fries, and burgers! Its sort of a swanky joint, and you wouldn't think the items I mentioned would be that great... But, they are! Classy atmosphere, other fare is pretty good as well. Good place to hang and have a drink too, especially if you have to wait for a table.
3	The food here is pretty good.  The spinach and artichoke dip is really creamy and tasty.  For main courses, I've had the cheeseburger and ribs.  The cheeseburger had a juicy patty and a soft bun that soaked up all of the juices.  The ribs were extremely tender with the meat falling off the bone.  I believe they were pork ribs and were served wet with a sweet bbq sauce.  The coleslaw was great...mayo base so it was pretty creamy.  The fries are awesome.  Similar to shoestring fries and perfectly salted.  Also, I've had a bite of the filet and it was pretty darn good.  Cooked medium and really tender.This place loses stars though because the service is really hit or miss.  The waiters and waitresses can be really knowledgeable, but they go missing during times and can't be found when you need refills, more ketchup, etc.The other thing that takes off a star is just the idea that this place serves sushi.  I'm completely turned off by that and really don't think sushi and an American steakhouse should mix.
5	Houston's is evidence that it is better to do a few things really (really, really) well than to do many things in mediocrity. I had the prime rib French dip and I thought it was amazing until I had a bite of my boyfriend's pork chop and baked potato and my friend's seared ahi. It's all so so good and completely worth the money. Nice ambiance, and the restaurant is large is keep things (people) moving. We sat in 10 minutes, which sounds like many others who have reviewed herein.
3	It is better than 3 stars but not quite 4.  They have some pretty good dishes.  The vegi burger was amazing!
5	My place for a steak anywhere and always.Their service is consistently good and their food quality is top notch.  In 20 plus years of dining with them I've only had 2 mediocre steaks and both times the staff exceeded our expectations in correcting the matter.  Wine selection used to be better with more Spanish and Argentine options.  Get rid of the Malbec che.  Es puro pedo.  Dame Rioja, Bonarda o Cabernet.
2	Going to Houston's either on Scottsdale or on Camelback is like throwing dice. Sometimes its good and sometimes its not at all. Over the years and I have been eating there for years the staff has become less and less polished. I've watched it go from slacks to jeans and very attractive staff to just ok. It's not cheap to eat there and you expect the food to be consistent but it always isn't. My wife loves the fall vegetable plate but the last two times it was not good the fish that I ordered was very overcooked. I sent it back and the wait staff rolled her eyes. One other time (years ago) I was waiting with my wife and another couple and we waiting for 30 mins which was normal and person came in with his friends and handed the front person 100.00 it looked like and they were seated right away. I asked the wait girl how much she made a week and she looked shocked that I caught her. She said excuse me walked away I didn't see her for the rest of the night another person seated us 10 mins after that. I wrote a letter to the corp office and never got a letter back. The real money they make is made off the snowbirds that come in for the winter. So during the winter I would avoid this place. Good Luck.
4	Weird.... unlike your sister company in SF, you do not have grilled artichokes everyday but you have key lime pie everyday!  Complete opposite of SF!
2	I expected better for the price.
4	A good, consistent menu that has never ceased to satisfy.  It's got the dark, rich steak house atmosphere without the heavy and pretentious menu.  Usual favorites are the ribs, thai steak salad, and the salmon.  The salad in particular is worth a visit.  It is a complex menagerie of several flavors that blend very well.  Among them are mango, avocado, tomato, mint, basil, cilantro, and a superb dressing.
3	After walking in I was half greeted by 3 girls in white shirts at the front.  Unnecessarily snotty I might add.  It was lunch on a wed. Almost full restaurant but we managed to get  seats in the bar.Our server was good. He was pretty attentive  about keeping up with refills.  Nice touch with the frozen glasses for sodas.  Seemed knowledgable as well.I ordered the California seabass.  Was a little like halibut.  Seemed a bit dry as did my friend's swordfish.  Both needed a lot of sauce to make up for the dryness.  The spaghetti squash side was undercooked but still ok.  No one really enjoyed the little tomatos doused in olive oil they serve with the fish.  Everything seemed just drowned in oil or butter.    Nice selections on the menu though.  I would definetly give it another shot.  Hopefully the guest services girls at the front lighten up a little bit though next time.
4	We came to Houston's to have their secret chicken tender appetizer, and it did not disappoint. Another excellent, melt in your mouth white breast meat tender coated in tempura batter, with the same awesome horseradish infused honey mustard sauce and bbq sauce, with shoestring fries included. And the wait staff were all very attractive. Wow!
4	So far I have been to this specific Houston's twice and both times I had a great experience as well as a great meal.  The first time I went with a friend of mine.  I had their roasted chicken with couscous and we split the hot fudge sundae.  One of the most flavorful roasted chicken and couscous I have ever had.  And the fudge was rich and decadent.  I had it again the second time I went (yesterday) with my husband.  However, I was a little disappointed with the texture of the ice cream the second time.  It was a little bit on the icy side.  It was still really good though.  My husband and I also had their Rainbow Roll and their Thai Tuna Roll (sushi).  Also some of the best tasting sushi I have had in the valley, but again I experienced a little bit of a disappointment.  The first roll that came out was the Rainbow Roll, and although it tasted great it was a bit too cold.  Yet, they made up for it with the Thai Tuna Roll -- the perfect temperature.  I also had the Hawaiian Rib Eye (medium rare), my husband had the Prime Rib (medium), and we both had their Cesar Salad.   All of it was very tasty.  The salad was crisp and fresh, with just the right amount of dressing -- thoroughly coating every leaf and not drowning them.  My rib eye was brown and carmalized on the outside and the center was warm and rare without being bloody -- just how a good steak should be. It was marinated in a light terriyaki marinade which gave it great flavor, perhaps a little sweet for my taste buds, but still very good.  I'm more of a savory person.  I can't say anything about the prime rib (I was too busy with my rib eye), but my husband thought his prime rib was very tender, not too fatty, and he thought the horse radish was balanced well so as not to overpower the flavor of the beef.  Our enterees also came with baked potatoes, which were good.  We did not get another side, but I think next time we go I will get a side of their vegetables to cut the richness of everything. We ended with the hot fudge sundae, but next time it will be the peach cobbler.  The staff was also very great.  They were attentive without being overbearing and their smiles felt genuine.The atmosphere is cozy due to the smaller size, lively, and comfortable.  No pretensions anywhere.All in all, a great dinner.  We spent a worthwhile $175 including a bottle of merlot ($36) and 20% tip.  We left stuffed, happy, and a bit buzzed.  LOL.
4	Somehow Houston's clones its servers and ambiance across state lines with ease as I felt like I was in the Houston, TX location here. The food was spectacular as always and I must hype up the chicken tenders, which I order everytime I come to a Houston's. It is in a light tempura batter and the chicken itself is super moist and tender.. paired with a honey mustard dipping sauce and you have quite the duo. FYI, its not on the menu, but you can still order it.. its the best thing on their menu imo.
4	My wife and I went here with a friend last night.  We had reservations for 7:30 and like always the place is jam-packed.  I have been here 3 or 4 times previously for dinner and it is always the same.  It is almost impossible to find a decent parking spot or be seated in under 20 minutes.  Well I guess good for them for having such a busy/popular restaurant.  Anyway, as per usual we were seated about 20 minutes late.  About 4 waiters/hosts/etc. came up to us to tell us how truly sorry they were so that was kinda nice.  They even gave us a spinach dip appetizer (my wife's absolute fav) on the house so that more than made up for being seated later than we should have.I ordered the Caesar salad to start and it was excellent as always.  I LOVE the croutons.  For an entree I had the ribs per my wife's recommendation.  My wife is a huge Houston's fan and has been there dozens more times than I so I trusted her opinion on this.  Anyway, she was correct and they were excellent.  They weren't overly sauced and the meat was fall off the bone tender.  The fries that came with were also very good.  My wife got the halibut and it was just ok.  It was very plain but she enjoyed it so that's what counts.  Our friend had the filet and it looked excellent.  The food there is always pretty solid and you always know what you are going to get.My only complaint is that because it is so busy, the waiters/waitresses/etc. get a bit overwhelmed and sometimes forget things and take a bit longer than they should.  I guess it isn't their fault but is probably Houston's fault for not hiring more service staff.All-in-all it was a very good dinner.
2	My wife calls Houston's her cafeteria, but to me it is a rip off.  With drinks we spent about $90 on two sandwiches, salads and an appetizer.  The veggie burger I got - recommended by our server - was flavorless and fell apart in my hands.  Maybe I ordered the wrong thing?  Didn't spend enough money?My wife had some sort of grilled fish sandwich and she enjoyed it.  raved about the delicious fish and the sample she shared - grudgingly - was well cooked and seasoned. Decent ambience, the decor is comforting, rich and fairly dark.  The lighting level is just about perfect.  A lot of places can't seem to nail that.  Crowded with happy diners, so maybe I am the outlier without the smile on the face.We were seated fairly soon and I thought the hostesses did a good job keeping up with us as we moved around the bar before finding a place to light briefly with our adult beverages.But, $90, for what?!
3	I have had a really great experience here and a really bad one, but this place is your standard for some great food. They have a back patio for you to wait and a cocktail waitress so you can drink while you wait and there is always a wait of at least 20 minutes but if you are with friends you don't really mind. Food was good, service was great!!! An attentive server can really make your night. Luke was his name and he was great. food was good, an okay price point for what we got. Standard.
5	Mmmm, Mmmm Good.  This place is ALWAYS satisfying.  I just had an early dinner there and had forgotten how much i loved this place since i hadn't been in a few months.  My absolute favorite meal there from start to finish is to start with the spinach dip, have the Hawaiian Rib-Eye for my entre and their Chocolate Brownie for desert w Coffee...DELICIOUS!  However, today i tried the Veggie burger out of Curiosity and it was a pleasant surprise to have that much flavor in a Veggie Burger.  It was even so filling that i had to take half home with me which i was not expecting at all.  My dad had the swordfish and my brother had the steak salad and both were wonderful.  I have never tried anything here that i didn't like. But i will say that i wouldn't recommend that you order their Sushi-not because it's not good but because it's not their specialty and i would much rather recommend a Sushi restaurant.  Besides that-the service is outstanding and the ambiance is perfect for a lunch or dinner full of conversation.  Cheers!
5	Mmmm! I am officially a huge fan of Houston's now. I've been to sister restaurant, The Rutherford Grill in Napa, and Houston's was just as good.The place was popping tonight, and it is a Wednesday. It was dark and upbeat, but not stuffy by any means. The menu had many delicious options - it was difficult to make a decision.I started with a side salad with bleu cheese. It was crazy good. It had a housemade bleu and croutons, and even had corn in it. Different and scrumptious.For my main course, I had their baby back ribs. These ribs were easily the best I've ever had (sorry Trail Dust). They were beyond fall off the bone they were so tender. The shoe string fries it came with were so perfectly done, they didn't even require ketchup. My wife had the Thai Noodle Chicken Salad, which she dubbed as the greatest salad she has ever had. My mother had the Rotisserie Chicken and Couscous. She was also very happy with her meal.For dessert we shared the Belgian Hot Fudge Sundae with Candied Pecans. Damn it was sinfully delicious.All in all, a perfect meal. 5 stars, with ease.
4	I've always loved Houston's because no matter which location you go to it is consistent and the service is top notch. Never do you find yourself desperately straining your neck looking for your server and I love that!   I am a huge fan of the Cheeseburger, spinach dip, veg plate, and if you like ribs there's are the best....oh I almost forgot salads, I have tried every single one and they are all Fantastic! So, if you want to get your money's worth on a great meal, great ambiance, and phenomenal service Houston's is your place!
4	can't beat the tempura chicken strips. the prime rib dip with au jus is tough to top. you just can't really go wrong at any houston's. just one thing - FOR GOD'S SAKE - DO NOT order a bloody mary because they have no FUCKING IDEA how to make one. that is the only qualm i have with THIS houston's. any one in atlanta, dallas, new orleans - any place in the south - knows how to make a bloody mary. someone needs to let this houston's know that the first ingredient is ICE! c'mon, houston's!
4	Mike Z. and I took a trip over to Houston's last night, the latest stop on my Arizona Tour de Steak.   I'm trying to eat at a new steakhouse every time I come to Scottsdale, and Houston's was the latest stop.  The first thing that stands out is the service, our waitress was phenomenal and she always checked in with us at exactly the appropriate time.  I tipped accordingly due to the service being so good that it stood out.   The actual meal was good, it was better than Modern Steak but under Mastro's.   I had the New York strip and I was impressed, it was cooked exactly how I ordered it and had an excellent taste.  No issues with that, or the salad I started out with (classic Steakhouse salad with champagne vinaigrette.)    I also had 2 glasses of wine, both were drinkable but forgettable.   Overall I had a great experience, and would recommend Houston's if you are looking for a good meal with excellent service.
4	In an effort to help Todd F. on his Arizona steak search, we went to check out Houston's. After all I have heard about it and how much I liked it, I'm a bit disappointed I waited so long to check it out.Both of us ordered the NY Strip steak with mine being medium rare. It was perfectly done and melt in your mouth tender. I'm not a big baked potato fan but that was what came with the steak (fully loaded) and it was nothing short of awesome. If all baked potatoes were like that, I'd be in potato heaven.I will definitely be back sometime in the very near future!
4	The lovely Kristen and myself got all dressed up last night and headed for one of my favorite restaurants, Houston's. Geez, I like this place a lot, it's one of the few restaurants where if I had the option, I would eat there every day.       We had reservations for 6:45 and were quickly greeted and sat right down. The place is always lively, always a crowd and always a little noisy, just the way it should be. I got a tasty Jack and Diet and she a glass of white wine as we started with their famous spinach dip. Nowadays it seems every restaurant is throwing a dip of some type together, but none come within thirty feet of the deliciousness that is the Houston's spinach dip. Their chips are crispy and fresh, the spinach dip itself is so flavorful and thick and has big chunks of artichoke in it, it also comes with a side of both salsa and sour cream which compliment the dip beautifully. What a treat!       On to the main course! I moved over to a beer for the entree, Sierra Nevada Heff I think, mighty fine, and the lady stuck with the wine. I ordered the Hawaiian rib-eye (I'm drooling just typing it) and Kristen had the prime rib, both ordered medium rare. My rib-eye was absolutely incredible... the outside simply burst with this delicious Hawaiian marinade, goodness, if only I could describe the flavor, and the inside was cooked perfectly to my taste, the meat was tender and bursting with its own cow goodness. I could only manage one bite before shoving a taste in the mouth of my partner, who also declared it a natural wonder. The steak came with a potato but I opted for fries with a side of homemade buttermilk ranch for dipping. I could write a novel on these delicious fries, but just try them, get a side of their homemade ketchup as well, wow. Her prime rib was beautiful, absolutely beautiful. Cooked very well, lots of meat, tasty, tender and came with a savory au jus sauce, bursting with goodness. She had the potato which came with the prime rib and looked like a football covered in cheese and bacon (not bacon bits, big chunks of bacon), and man was it good. I occasionally wondered if I chose wrong with the fries, but I didn't, shoot, order them both I say!       The only sort of negative of the night was our waitress, she just happened to be new and a little naive, or careful maybe? She was overly cautious about our age, checking our IDs more than once (I'm 28) and forgetting our drink orders twice. I completely forgive this, it was busy, she was new and had several tables, no big deal at all, she was a sweetheart.       If you have never visited Houston's, I highly recommend it, they have many dinner options and even a sushi bar! The atmosphere is super nice and inviting, it is dimly lit and romantic. I love this place. Four and a Half Stars.
4	The very best steak house I've ever had (I've had dozens).When I am in Scottsdale, and want to really splurge, and don't want the tourist trap or the glamor of famous chefs. This is the best place.The Rib Eye just melts in your mouth, so tender!Service is excellent even though it packs them in with business crowd.
2	Read a lot of reviews on the rib eye;  didn't share the same experience.  I ordered a medium-well steak, and before even tasting it, I noticed that no juice oozing while I cut through it.  I've had medium-well steaks before, and this is hands-down the driest.  Most reviews here describe a rare/medium-rare steak, so maybe it would have been much better if I ordered it medium-rare;  but that's not how I like my steak.  The manager mentioned that anything above medium and the vinegar-based marinade makes the steak drier than a normal medium-well.  Waitress should have probably mentioned that.  Returned the steak and got a prime rib; was average.  Manager was great about the exchange.My wife had a sea bass fish - was pretty good.  Desert was pretty good too (brownie with custard and ice cream).  Service was great.  I would not go back  - somewhere like Keg is much better IMHO and more cuts/selections for similar level of service and comparable price-range.
5	Honestly, I don't think you could ever go wrong with Houstons. Pricy, yes, but always worth it! Favorite lunch: Saturday's firehouse chili and the French dip sandwich.
3	My wife has always liked Houston's (for a chain, she says), so we finally went together recently.  I admit the ambiance was nice, quiet and subdued, but our server and my dinner were very underwhelming.  I had the Hickory Burger, but I consider myself to be a sort of hamburger connoisseur, so maybe that was too much pressure to put on Houston's.  My wife still enjoys it there though...so we'll probably go back again.
5	This ty loves the thai steak and noodle salad. Holy shizzz!!!Lunchtime was beyond busy but we arrived just before the rush. Our waitress Bryn was fantastic and she made the experience that much better . Houstons where have you been my entire life?
4	I have never had a more delicious oriental chicken salad.  That salad alone is worth continued support of this restaurant. Yuuummmm
5	Of course this restaurant deserves 5 stars as they are consistently exceptional. I have been dining there for many years, and I have never had a bad meal. I recently moved to the bar area for some last minute dinners and the bartender i think his name is Bret/Brad from Missouri is one of the most courteous and attentive employees i've seen there, or anywhere! My hat goes off to Houston's superb concept.
5	Amazing service, food is ALWAYS CONSISTENTLY WONDERFUL and the wait is never too long:) If you ever have a problem with any part of your meal they will promptly do everything in their power to fix it and make you comfortable. I have now eaten here over 45 times literally and I have never left unhappy. THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR ALWAYS GOING ABOVE AND BEYOND.
5	If you want a nice night out with great service, good flavor, and a fireplace, you can't beat this spot.  Their prime rib and filet were really good.  Perfect sear on the Filet.  Swore I was at Morton's.  Their wine list is also pretty large.  Don't get it twisted, this is not a cheap eats type of place.  I have seen people rating this $$ I think it's definitely more on the $$$ side if you and your date both decide to have entrees and a couple of glasses of vino.   On the other hand, the salads were a deal, I think only $4 with your meal and the baked potato was huge.  If you decide to share an appetizer, and a meal, you may be able to get out of here for under $100.  For me, the total came in around $165 tip included.  The staff here really shines and they and the tasty food are why I'll be a regular here.
4	It's no secret that I am a fan of all things Houston's.  This location was no exception.  I found the more family-oriented crowd a refreshing change from the sometimes pretentious atmosphere of Los Angeles locations.  Friendly service, but some aspects were definitely not as polished as in LA.  In saying that, the sushi chefs had a full on conversation with my husband and I, whereas in other Houston's--you'll be lucky to get a smile from them.The food was, of course, fabulous!  And they had one of our favorite wines on the list, Jeff Runquist.  The couple at the neighboring table also ordered the same bottle.  We ordered our favorite sushi, the coconut shrimp roll.  The consistency was all there!  Perfect, fresh and delicious.  Husband ordered the filet with a baked potato.  It looked measly when it arrived, dwarfed by the gigantic potato.  But the filet was nothing but tasty, perfectly grilled beefiness.  The potato was a bit dry inside.  I ordered my usual California Sushi Salad.  Huh?  What.....did they get the order mixed up?  This was not my usual CA Sushi Salad.  Beware, the salad is different here than in CA.  Completely different sushi.  Although it looked stunning, I really missed the CA style entree that is served in LA.  Oh well, when in Scottsdale......Great live music and the usual wonderful Houston's atmosphere.  I hope to be back soon!
4	Houston's delivers a solid meal every time and that spinach dip goes straight to my hips every time as well! Yes, there will most likely always be a wait at Houston's unless you get in right before the lunch or dinner crowd...but mind you, there are some early birds in the bunch. Regardless, the wait is ok because they keep a fire going to cozy up the wait time and then there's always the bar to warm you up from the inside out. The seats at Houston's are nice because they are private so you can have a conversation without feeling like four other tables have stopped their conversation to listen in on yours. The service is normally pretty quick and then there's the food. Like I said, Houston's delvers a solid and hearty meal. The spinach dip is a must on the list of starters regardless of the calories that come with it. I've enjoyed the chopped salad with a side of honey mustard. Their honey mustard is creamy and delicious and one of my favorite honey mustard locations. I do miss the Racket club. They used to do it perfectly with some relish and honey mustard on soft bread. RIP Racket Club. However, the normal club is good too and you can never go wrong with the Biltmore Chicken Sandwich and their ribs are famous too. For dessert, my personal favorite is the Apple cobbler but apparently it's seasonal and so they will switch it out for the Key Lime Pie. It's always a hit or miss on whether or not they will have the Apple Cobbler and personally, I think they need to keep the cobbler on the menu year-round because it would keep some regular customers coming in over and over -- like me! I've been visiting Houston's for years. It's also cozy once inside and the fire
4	12-23-10After flying from San Jose to Phoenix for a business meeting in Scottsdale we were starving.  We were ready to eat almost anything.  On the way to our hotel we spotted Houston's Restaurant.  I remember from previous trips.  The restaurant has a nice atmosphere upscale but causal.  It's little dark inside but warm.About their food:  My husband and I split a grilled chicken sandwich with fries.  He had a glass of white wine and I had a martini which hit the spot.   No comparison to SUBWAY sandwich !!Houston's is a little pricey but overall a very pleasant dining experience.
3	I am typically a fan of Houston's restaurant. I remember their dishes being very good, and I remember having a fondness for their ribs. It's like an upscale Charlestons in my opinion. However, I was not treated to the wonderful dining experience that I remember Houston's having.On this afternoon I ordered light. I started off with the baked potato soup, and I ordered the $15 Veggie plate.  Here's what's on the veggie plate - a small serving of braised red cabbage with goat cheese, 3 half cherry tomatoes, 3 broc stalks, 6-7 tri-colored uncooked carrots, bread, and maybe 7 peas.  You've got to be kidding me.The veggie's were barely cooked, sprinkled with salt, pepper, and a little olive oil. I was severely disappointed.I remember the food being better, and next time will not make the mistake of getting the WAY overpriced veggie plate, and will stick to the usual ribs. Lesson learned.
3	I had heard a lot of great things about this place and the Hillstone group in general ever since I moved here so I finally went to Houston's and was disapointed.  The menu was a bore and a snore and lacking options which is fine if the few things you have on the menu are truly amazing.  I ordered the filet mignon by default because there wasn't anything else that grabbed my attention.  Also everyone said the steaks were amazing.  When the food got there I was excited.  The steak looked beautiful and when I cut into it, it looked like a perfect medium rare.  I was impressed until I took a bite.  Yikes.  I don't know if it was just the particular piece of meat I had or what but the taste was weird and bad.  It had the taste that steak gets when you try and re-heat it in the microwave.  I tried several bites hoping it would get better and it didn't.  Luckily the monster baked potatoe was great.  I am not sure if my steak was undercooked then they tried to quickly compensate and nuke it real quick.  I have serious doubts that any established steakhouse would do that but.... something was off about my steak.  The boyfriend got the ribs whom the server swore were the best in town. Lies.  Ribs were not fall off the bone tender and not very meaty.  On the positives portions were huge so you get a good value for the price... that is if you like what you're eating.  I probably will not return even though I feel I should give the steak another try.  Hillstone group so far is just mehhh
3	Maybe I'm a bit spoiled having a Hillstone, R&D Kitchen and Bandera all within walking distance. So, when I go to Houston's in another city, I expect it to be as good as home.This Scottsdale location has some of what I enjoy at Houston's but is missing the sushi and some of the better dished. I was told to try the Hillstone location near the Biltmore, but decided I could pass.Not bad for a decent salad, and oddly this Houston's is less expensive than my home locations.
5	One of my favorite's at Houston's is their Prime Rib French Dip sandwich. This savory sandwich just melts in your mouth, topped with horseradish and dipped in the accompanied au jus sauce with the housemade bun...makes me want to run out for another one.The shoestring fries and a side order of cole slaw made this lunch a complete meal.Our server Paulina was a delight. Very attentive and professional.
4	I have been coming here and all of their locations for 15 years. It is always an excellent experience and the food is excellent and very consistent even at different locations around the country. Great food at a fair price. Good friendly staff.
5	My husband and I LOVE this place! We have been eating here for 18 years and never have had a bad experience. Many, many meals have been absolutely perfect and the service is always impeccable! Any time it was not perfection, they always made it right immediately! Have the Hot Fudge Sunday with belgian Chocolate, you'll thank me later! :)
5	I always try to visit houstons when ever I can find oneThey have the best chicken fingers I have ever hadThey are not on the menu but they do have themThey are a must tryYeas chicken fingers you wont be disappointed
5	You can't go wrong with Houston's! I've been to the one in Miami, Atlanta, Phoenix, Scottsdale and Chicago (the Chicago one closed) and they are all fabulous! The service is outstanding and the spinach dip is awesome! Actually, everything on the menu is great! Don't forget the dessert too! The apple walnut cobbler is yummy! I love this restaurant!
4	The Thai steak salad is delicious. Ask for the grilled artichoke appetizer.  Yumm!
5	If I were stranded on a desert island and had to pick one restaurant to be on the island with me...Hoiustons would be it. This is my favorite place to go. I love the inside, the menu, the service and the food. They have the best burger around.
4	When I visit my mom in Scottsdale, we usually hit Houstons sometime on my trip.  This time was no exception as we went for lunch last Wednesday.  It's always consistently delicious.  Some of the things we have eaten since dining here for the last 6 years.  Fish Sand...Veg Burger...Veg Plate...Grilled Artichoke App...and this last time I had the Swordfish special.  I can honestly say it's always absolutely yummy.  Yes, the wine has a high mark-up but that's standard issue in the restaurant industry.  If you do have a couple glasses of wine, an app and 2 entress, expect to pay around $90 (factoring in 20% tip)  But when you you spend $90 and walk out with a pleased palate and a happy tummy...it's so worth it.  Added bonus: The servers here are like a well oiled machine.  Take a moment to watch them constantly glide around the place making sure everything is perfect.  It's kind of like a floor show.  :)
4	Every Houston's I've been to has two things: great food and great service. I've never been disappointed by this upscale restaurant chain. I had my usual Thai Steak Salad for dinner, and there was a tad bit more dressing than I liked, but the food quality was still wonderful.
4	Houston's has always been a staple in Phoenix for me.  It's my mom's fave restaurant so we went there a lot growing up.  I just went there for the first time in a while last week and got a delish meal -- we split the spinach dip which comes with tortilla chips, salsa and sour cream and is amazing.  My mom got her chicken tortilla salad with lime vinaigrette and I got the salmon and asked for the couscous on the side (which is delish and a little sweet with raisins in it).  They have an amazing wine selection which the bartender told me many come from local AZ wineries.  We opted for cranberry/vodkas and grapefruit/vodkas -- the grapefruit juice is fresh.
5	Always satisfying and never a let down!Everything we ordered was cooked to perfection.Each steak was juicy and the seared tuna was excellent!The atmosphere here is comfortable with traditional flare.A really nice place to spend any meal!
4	I have eaten here many times and nearly always get the same thing:  cheeseburger (cheddar), no bun, and will split salad with someone.I have never had any issues with the meat being done not to my requests which vary from "stab it and slab it" to medium rare.  Arizona, believe it or not, is not known for good beef (or so my parents keep telling me but they have lived here for 20 years to my measly 4 so I suppose they would know, eh?).OH--their Arnold Palmers are amazing!  Consistently good food, good service and I have yet to be surprised in a negative manner, which is excellent!
5	what an amazing experience!we stopped by there on a short trip we had to scottsdale & thought let's check this place out! has a very nice interior design!to our surprise (becuase of the expensive looking ambiance), the prices were really reasonable! around cheesecake factory..our server Chris, was amazing..! very knowledgable, professional & friendly enough. was there whenever we wanted him to be, and was not there when we wanted to be left alone!!if i go back there, will certainly check the place out again & ask for Chris.
4	This place has a totally laid back atmosphere and some great food. I went there with two co-workers while I was in Arizona for business. We all couldn't resist the temptation of the cheeseburger. Mine was cooked and seasoned to perfection, and the portion was huge. The fries were kind of like shoe string ones and very thin, which is why I knocked a star off the top. I prefer big steak fries.The beer list was pretty impressive too. I had a Pacifico and a Heineken Light while we were there.One warning, the prices can be a little steep. A cheeseburger is $14 and it was the cheapest thing on the menu. The servers were very attentive and I had a great time.
5	The best ceasar salad I've had in a long time.  Ribeye and swordfish were excellent.  Service was first class.
4	Yummy food and good service! Came for lunch, was seated right away, and served our drinks shortly after. Our server was Whitney S.  She was very accommodating throughout the whole lunch and especially when trying to find my aunt a sweet wine. My aunt doesn't know slot about wines so she had to taste a few before we found the right match. :-) I ordered the the club salad with buttermilk garlic dressing on the side.  The chicken was on the bottom of the salad. Different presentation, but I liked it. This was my first time dining here. I will definitely go back!
4	It's a chic steakhouse tavern. Having not returned to it after many years, I was pleasantly surprised by the food, courtesy and accomodations. I took a chance on the French Dip Sandwich, and was dunkin' the top of the line baguette and roast beef in the best of au jus dipping sauce. My friend next to me order the Pork Beef Ribs and we decided to tag team -- we felt like we were eating a whole animal. The Pale Ale swished all excess down nicely. For dessert, we couldn't help it: We got the ice cream sundae and we got first-rate hot fudge served from an ol' fashioned Gravy Boat. Decadence.This particular Houston's in Scottsdale, AZ has good live music Thursday thru Saturday nights. Cool Kats. Hey, to be straight- up about it: This Scottsdale, AZ location is the best "Houstons" I've ever been to, by far.
5	Here for a conference and tried the cheeseburger, based on a fellow conference attendee's recommendation.  AMAZING!  The fries, I know just from looking, were not good for me...could see the oil on them, but they were still crisp and perfectly seasoned.  I couldn't help but wolf it down.  Will DEFINITELY return on my next trip (or maybe again on this one)!
5	Great food & Service!!
5	It's not that the food is spectacular; it's only very good as a matter of fact. Houston's gets five stars because they consistently produce very good food along with impeccable service and a cool dark ambiance featuring great 60s' jazz in the background.
5	Delicious veggie burger and frites!  This reminds me of an old Chicago steakhouse from decades past, and some of the decor seems deliberately retro.  Good wine offerings here.  Prices are getting north, but it is a nice place in a nice area so no surprise.
4	Hadn't been to Houston's in a while, but ended up there last night for dinner. After the meal we were wondering why we didn't go more often...Houston's is delicious...It's in the Hillstone family, so it's like Bandera with a larger menu and less of a southwestern flair. Probably my favorite Caesar salad right now, great sides and their burgers and ribs are amazing.Last night, I had the Hickory burger and a caesar, while my wife had a salad and a baked potato. Both of us thoroughly enjoyed our meals, and the service was impeccable.  Seems like the service really sets Houston's apart from a lot of other restaurants. My water glass would be close to empty, and then all of a sudden I'd look over and it would be full...They must hire food and water ninjas that sneak up on you and provide great service. I'm not complaining.I've yet to order a steak there, but I hear they're good. There are a lot of other places that I'd rather order a steak though, so I think I'll stick to my standbys.  4 stars because it's always a wait...Always. I know, I know, it's not Houston's fault, it's the fault of the country club snowbirds that park their range rovers and make me jealous that I don't have that kind of money. Kidding...Sort of. Seriously though, if you go on a Wednesday at 4:30pm, expect to wait 10 minutes. Lunch can be a 15-20 minute wait usually and peak dinner times can be 30-45 minutes. Houston's does take reservations, so if you're planning on going there for dinner, it's best to call at least an hour ahead and make a reservation. If you've yet to dine at Houston's, do it ASAP. If you haven't been in a while, go back. Highly recommend.
4	I've decided to review all the places I hit while in Scottsdale last week. Per tradition, my mom took me to Houston's the first night I was in town. i've been coming here with my family for 10 years now and it's still as good as it was then. We were greeted and seated immediately. We started with a couple cocktails: martini for me, Manhattan for my mom. Our server was very nice and respectful of our request to catch up over our drinks. For old time sake, I had to go for the Chicago-Style Spinach Dip. I do wish they had a better selection of starter. It's between the dip and some smoked salmon thing. Talk about limited ...For our entrees, we went for salads: Ahi Tuna for me and Thai Noodle for my mom. Both came out perfectly prepared and timed. We also switched to wine with our entree salads. The wine list is nice, high quality selections. Something for everyone. I'm not the biggest chain restaurant fan, but Houston's does it right. The food is the same every time - great, fresh.
5	My favorite go to "nice" evening out with my hubby and with friends. Also a great first date place, intimate enough to talk, yet loud enough that silence is not awkward. Also great for client lunch/dinner.Food and service is outstanding! Order the flying chicken platter that's NOT on the menu anymore, it's to die for! The grilled pork chop is juicy and perfectly charred. ...getting hungry just thinking about it!  I have never had a bad meal.... Other then my burned ribs, which they immediately replaced with perfect ones and took of my tab!!! Polite servers tend to you and the filtered water is refilled to your glass non stop. Great wine list too!
5	I am from Chicago, so when my family and I come to AZ every year for vacation, we always come here! We miss Houston's in Chicago. The spinach dip is to die for! LOVE IT! The grilled chicken salad is awesome! I prefer no peanut sauce on it and I get the honey mustard dressing. DELISH!
4	Met a good friend and family here while I was in town on business.  We all enjoyed our food and the service was great.  The bar was fun while waiting and they have a nice selection of brews.
5	I don't know where to start...service was excellent, the food was incredible, even the purified water was really good (sure beats Phoenix water) and I love the whole 'only booths' in the restaurant idea.  We had the smoked salmon to start, which was probably the best smoked salmon I've ever eaten (yep, that's a big claim there).  I then had the Thai noodle salad and my boyfriend had a burger, which both were really delicious.  I highly enjoy restaurants that use good ingredients and keep it simple, which that is what Houston's does.  I don't think the food is particularly fancy, but it is good and you know you're eating a good product.
5	hawaiin ribeye and the hickory burger!!!!!  not only the meat but the shoe string fries are awesome too.  arnold palmers are heaven.i love this place!  it has a very professional feel.  it's dark, clean, quiet, and awesome interior design.  the service is some of the best in phx.i wish i could visit this place more often.  thanks houston's for setting the standard on my tastebuds.
5	I honestly believe you cannot make a mistake ordering anything on the menu. The descriptions are simple because the food is absolutely indescribable. Five of us all had different meals and everything was incredible. Prices were not outrageous, service was very very good and the entire experience was fabulous. My only warning is get there early or be ready to wait; either way it's completely worth it!
5	First trip, very good. Service was excellent. Had the Traditional salad, and being Sunday the Fire House Chili was being served. Probably the best chili I've had.The entree was Seared Ahi Tuna cooked to perfection.
5	FABULOUS!!!!We were here for spring break last week, and one of hubby's friends said we must eat at Houston's. Glad he told us to go here (and he also told us about "The Breakfast Club" - another WIN!). We got there pretty early on a weeknight - 6:15ish (?) - and there was already a LONG wait.  Many retired folks go here I think... so they probably start arriving at about 5? Note to self, go earlier next time if with kids.  We got the kids shirley temples and an appetizer, and waited for maybe 30 minutes for our table.  Got to do some fabulous people watching while we waited! I could have SWORN they must have the "HOUSEWIVES OF SCOTTSDALE" there that night (if there were such a thing). We were standing right next to 3 of them, I say jokingly.  They were of course very nice and charming... but I had to laugh to myself that they could film that show here.Got seated - and the food was fabulous! I had the ahi tuna salad (was torn between that or the thai noodle salad, but daughter voted for this one and I think I was going to share some with her, is why I must have let her help me decide this time?). Amazing. Ate it all.  Hubby got their hickory burger and chowed down. Kids liked whatever they got too. So glad we went here and waited to get a table when we were all famished after a long day of watching some major league baseball. Worth the wait!
4	Always consistently good.  This last visit I had the Thai steak and noodle salad.  I think it's my new favorite!
5	She never comes on to you anymore, not since having that last kid. But tonight is different. You sense a playful mood.Her overtures are clear, she's in the mood and wants romance tonight. [her]   "The sitter's on the way," [me]   "How's Houston's sound boo?" [her] "Oh my god, I soooo love Houston's, thank-you, thank-you, thank-you baby."Houstons has the best hot-fudge sundaes anywhere, using only the finest imported Belgian chocolate, real whipped cream, and deliciously smooth, velvety ice-cream. It's the bomb.I need to stop.I can't go on describing it...not without getting aroused in a strange way. One problem. What she wants after dinner is the last thing on your mind, not with this herpes flareup anyway. And that's why you want to come to Houston's during your next outbreak.  Chocolate, according to scientific research, affects the pleasure center of ones brain much in the same way as sex, hopefully tricking her into feeling fulfilled without going anywhere near your diseased baloney pony. [me]   "Excuse me, waitress....could you bring us another?"  Annnnd, we'rre out.Now, thank Houston's for saving your rotten hide as all that chocolate takes hold on her brain.Oh, and go get some Valtrex on that thing before her next overture. I think I should be a life coach or something.I'd even follow this advice.
5	This is the best and most consistant restaurant, I can't wait to come every year during spring training.There are 2 appetizers that I get every year, the artichoke dip and the smoked salmon.  Very tasty.  The Hawaiian rib eye is to die for!  We have tried and tried to replicate it and have not had any success.The one drawback this year was the waiter.  I felt like he was trying to turn the table and I felt rushed.  He kept grabbing the plates before we were done and didn't ask if we wanted to take the leftovers home.  A little rude, but did not dimish the overall experience due to the food.  We were seated by the "entertainment" and it was a little hard to talk, but they weren't bad.
5	Best go-to restaurant. Its consistently good. Burger, French Dip, Thai Steak & Noodle Salad, Spinach & Artichoke Dip, Ribs(amazing), Hawaiian Rib-eye are all fantastic. Service is consistently good too. No complaints.
5	Houston's has a dedication to excellence the like of which I have rarely seen.  They strive perfection at all times, even down to the smallest details.Have you ever noticed that every server walks in a clockwise fashion around the room?  They'll walk 50 feet out of their way just to avoid turning around and going against the flow.The food is great and on that rare, rare occasion where they do mess something up, they are guaranteed to make it up to you.
4	Houston's always has consistently very good food.  The service is pretty decent, though I have had a few incidences of a snotty bartender.  I have eaten everything from the smoked salmon appetizer, to the tuna salad, to a steak dinner and it was always well presented and delicious.  The drinks are a bit on the pricey side, but I guess that is to be expected at a nice restaurant in Scottsdale.  The atmosphere is great if you want an intimate setting.  The booths are cozy and arranged so you don't hear 3 other tables' conversations.  Last time I went they had a very pleasant Jazz band playing in the background.  Also, the bar is a great place to sit if you are alone and just want a good meal and a drink.  I should also note this is a very busy restaurant and the wait times can be long.  If you have a big party or want dinner on the weekends, I recommend booking a reservation.
4	The food is great!  I usually get the 96 Hour Marinated Hawaiian Rib-Eye, Fully Loaded Baked Potato and side Caesar salad.  Best steak of my life so far and I've had some pretty decent steaks!  I've also had the burger for lunch and it's pretty good too.Service is amazing... multiple servers are always looking out for your table.  I just wish that there was a Houstons in San Diego.
5	One word. Ribs. ;-)
5	One of my fav's for service, quality, attention to detail and Perfection!I have never had a bad experience...sometimes the wait is longer in the winter,but after all, Houston's is  well known in our Scottsdale and foodie's do frequent these better establishments.  For dinner, just go in earlier, like before 5pm and most always get sitted.Usually I order the famous caesar salad and salmon dinner.  One can not miss out on their spinach dip...the best bar none.
5	My husband and I go to Houstons as often as possible and especially for special occasions. We have never ever had a bad experience and all the food is excellent. They are very friendly and accommodating and the staff is extremely professional and are able to answer all questions concerning their food. The thai steak salad is amazing. So is the dessert sundae. So is the steak. And the burgers are AMAZING! Even their baked potato is phenomenal. Safe to say if you want good food, go here!
4	Went for dinner for my mother in laws birthday! Had a very comfy booth in the corner on top. Was extremely nice environment and everyone's food was perfect. I especially loved the French dip. Can't wait to come back! Excellent service!
4	Love the atmosphere here-lively but not too loud, sophisticated restaurant design that reminds me of Frank Lloyd Wright, and a great wine list. The food is fresh and consistently good, wait service can be slow when it's really crowded, but over all a great place to take family, friends and clients. The only minus is they don't take reservations!
1	Houston's we got a problem!!! What happened to this place.  In days past the menu was plentiful, the food was great and prices were reasonable.  This no longer exists.  I don't know how on earth this place can survive.  The food was terrible, some too cold, some just plain old bad! The wait staff to interested in turning a table, when in fact it wasn't even crowded, literally interupted a conversation taking place between two of my guests to ask if we wanted dessert. Have you no home training???Frankly if I could give no stars I would do that.  Wake up a smell the competition or you will be out of business in the blink of an eye.
4	The French Dip was the best I ever had... The Prime Rib the previous night, one of the worst Iv'e had.. I'm going back again today just for the french dip!! AMAZING
2	Our party of four met at Houston's for a late lunch this week.  The service was excellent and the food was very good, though over priced ($14 for a small plate of veggies? ), but we all left with the same complaint, "Why do they play such loud music?!"   We could barely hear each other despite the fact that the restaurant was nearly empty.    The ambiance of Houston's seemed to conflict with loud music overhead -- I won't be back, even if eating alone.
5	We were so pleased with our visit to Houston's. I had the Steak & Thai salad and my Husband had the salmon. We were exhausted after a road trip in from Colorado and in some need of some serious good food! Amen! From the beginning of our experience to the end it was spot on! Service was EXCEPTIONAL! The food was absolutely delicious! Yummm!
5	I lived in Phoenix for years, but never ate at Houston's until my friend Amie came from Wisconsin. We had breakfast there, and the food was great. We ate at the bar and the service was good. Mimosa was potent as I was tipsy after only the first drink. The price is a little high, but that's what you pay for the high end type of place it comes across as.
5	UPDATE: Please, please reverse the changes to your burger seasoning and french fries. The shoe string fries were your signature potato, the new fries just aren't as satisfying, (neither is the new portion). The cheeseburger is really over-salted now. Please and thank you!! P.S. I DO love what you've done with the Caesar salad; not all changes are bad!I love Houston's. Real love too, not puppy love. We've know each other for years and still nothing is more irresistible than the crunch of their fresh Caesar salad with homemade croutons and dressing over Chet Baker's voice and some soft, mood lighting. This is more than a restaurant, it's an experience. I am always happy when I'm at Houston's; partially because I like to pretend I'm rich like 80% of their diners when I'm there. Every once in a while I get a delicious martini with olives stuffed generously with goat cheese. Also their cheese burger is hands down the best burger anywhere.  ANYWHERE.
2	Got me usually good food.Placed was packed.Steak was average and French fries cold.Service was fine.
5	Oh boy, where do I start?  A colleague suggested that we come here for a lunch meeting one day.  He said they had the best French Dip Sandwich in town.  Seduced by this claim, I had to give this place a try.  Of course, my first time there I had to try this legendary Sandwich.  Priced at $20, it better be good...http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/houstons-scottsdale?select=U0ixpfN85zASG-5U8eBq1w#U0ixpfN85zASG-5U8eBq1wI took one bite and OMG...!  It was friggin' awesome!  Even better than I expected.  The flavor of the Prime Rib and the Au Jus sent my taste buds into the stratosphere.  It also comes with a Creamy Horseradish Sauce that just adds to the flavor explosion.  The Bread is Buttered and soft, but had just the right texture to hold this all together and complimented the sharp flavors of the Beef and Sauce.  Wow, it is a masterpiece.The service here is also impeccable.  You feel like you're dining in a 5 diamond restaurant....and it's lunch!I was so impressed after that 1st visit, that I've been back several times and have brought many friends and colleagues to experience the French Dip.My other favorite item is the Hickory Burger (Canadian Bacon, Cheddar Cheese, Onion, w/Hickory Sauce), $14.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/houstons-scottsdale?select=CYjS0T6wl1Pe9fX_-DV9mw#CYjS0T6wl1Pe9fX_-DV9mwThat's right folks, there's a thick slice of Canadian Bacon that tops this Burger!  This is a big bad Burger....and it tastes awesome!  I can barely take a bite out of it....and it's not like some freakishly huge Burger, but the ingredients are fresh and stacked high....making for an awesome Burger.For sides, the Cole Slaw is by far the best you can order and I highly recommend that.  The Fries are so/so.  Another tip, if you come for lunch you can make reservations.  It can get busy, so it's worth the extra step to do so.Return Factor - 100%
5	Houston's is always consistent. Always a wait, always good service, always good food.It's worth the wait for the delicious housemade *Veggie Burger* with a soy glaze. It's out of this world. I also love their *coleslaw*. It's housemade and has a good amount of green onion and it's not soaked in mayonnaise. They have baked potatoes the size of your head. Mmm, always perfectly cooked.My husband loves their *Ribs*
2	Houston's is good but definitely not the caliber that they used to be.  The service was sub-par, the food was good this time but has been hit and miss the past couple of times.  They are missing the consistency that you used to be able to rely on.  Also, when we ordered a birthday brownie, they didn't bring a candle and they billed us for it - SERIOUSLY?! (the waitress knew as she said "oops, I forgot the candle")  Between that and charging $3 PER soda, it just seems like they are nickle and diming their customers to death.  J Alexanders has the same food with the same hit and miss service so, why pay more at Houston's.  The food we had this time was their spinach/artichoke dip with chips and we each got their chicken salad which seemed to have more peanuty spice to it which we enjoyed.  Their brownie dessert is to die for....probably literally with all that sugar but oh so good.  The total for the food and 2 sodas and tip was $70 (no alcohol!).  You can go to a lot better places for $70 or spend half as much for the same food across the street at J Alexanders.  Houston's no longer offers anything that distinguishes themselves or makes them worth it.
5	I had dinner there the other night.  What a pork chop!
5	One of my favorite things to do is to meet my girlfriends at Houston's Scottsdale for lunch and wine.  We especially enjoy trying and tasting different wines "by the glass".   When visiting Houston's for lunch a few weeks ago, I was disappointed to hear that they may be switching their wine selection to only one offering per varietal when ordering by the glass.  This means that they will only have one selection of Chardonnay, one for Cabernet, etc...if you order by the glass and not by the bottle.  I certainly hope that they don't go through with this.  In my opinion, BIG MiSTAKE!
4	Love the fresh squeezed juices for mixing at the bar, a nice touch when you don't expect it.  Good service fair price.
5	I would rate this ten stars if i could, basically my favorite restaurant, great food, excellent quality ingredients, excellent service, its always good and if something slips through the cracks they make it right immediately. My favorites are the flying chicken platter (best chicken fingers you will ever have, baby back ribs, tune burger, french dip, trout, fish sandwich, really hared to have a bad meal here.Enjoy!
4	Great food, long wait times.  This place is very romantic. When you walk in there is a nice gas fireplace and a beautiful bar.  When you can find a seat it is a great place to go :)
3	Houston's and I have been friends for about 15 years and our friendship was very strong for about the first ten. In the last 5 years or so Houston's has really put our friendship to the test. Obviously through the years the prices have increased but in the last few they have really been increasing. Recently they halved the size over the caesar salad and almost doubled the price to 8 dollars. I know to a lot of the customer base this may not be a problem, but it still doesn't make it ok. Another recent issue is the change in potato type for their fries, they're just not as crispy as they used to be. But worst of all is the Houston's/Hillstone split. When Houston's moved from the Esplanade to a bigger space across the street they rebranded with the company's Hillstone name. At first it was all still the same (except they moved the sushi over from Scottsdale) but now corn on the caesar salad? I guess I'll have to stick to Scottsdale.  I understand menu changes happen but it was so good and so the same for so many years why do they have to switch it all up now? Pretty sure the business model was working just fine. I will continue to eat at Houston's, that veggie burger can't be beat, but over the years we have started slipping further apart.
2	Food was great. Best prime rib I have ever had. Looking at my credit card I was billed $15 over what I signed. Called the GM Jaison Sokolow he said sorry and will give me the $15 back because of the error. I'll never go back.
4	I have always love this place...especially during the hot summer months.  It's dark, nice and cool, service is usually pretty good & food has been consistently good.  Although, I do miss the coconut shrimp.  I always come for a glass of wine and an appetizer and/or salad.  It's a great location.
1	The food sucked, the service was awful and the managers were incompetent.
5	Excellent food! The spinach dip is simply the best appetizer you can get anywhere and everything on the menu is delicious. I think its important to be consistent and this place nailed it. I have been going to this Houston's location for 12 years and i can be found here at least once a month but usually more. The fact is Houston's defined prime rib for me and has been my favorite restaurant at its price point ever since.
1	I discovered Houston'swhile in Atlanta on business in the 90's, and have been a great fan.  After I moved to Scottsdale in 1999, I became a serious regular and found Houston's to be a 5 star experience every time.  It was a great relationship until the changes started a few years ago.  First, their wonderful Filet disapppared for awhile, unimpressive sushi was introduced, then the Shashimi Tuna Salad disappeared, and the Phoenix location was rebranded as Hillstone.  (I ate at Hillstone twice and then gave up on it...corn on the caeser salad - a southwestern Shashimi Tuna Salad - really?)  But back to Scottsdale, where I have the most history and the strongest relationship.  They had wonderful staff who, even if I wasn't around for awhile, remembered my name and nearly all of my preferences.  Every one of them have recently left.  Service now is ok, but not great.  A high level of attentiveness is a thing of the past.   Of course, over the years the prices have increased but in the last few they have really been increasing, while portion sizes on items like salads, have dwindled.  Houston's has never been inexpensive, but I am happy to pay to have the food that I want.  Therein lies the rub.  My last two visits were so bad that I am determined not to go back.  My very favorite - the shashimi tuna salad - is history again.  Although the offered, if I wanted to pay the price of the $24 Flying Tuna Platter, to fix me something sort of like it, but not with the dressing or other elements that I loved.  I ordered fries, but they have lost their snap, and I had to pick little bits of fiber off of them.  The manager explained that they were burlap fibers from the bags that they use.  I didn't eat them, and was not charged for them.  I eat early, but can no longer get a baked potato at 2pm - and where did the pork chop go?  No more 1/2 glasses of wine.  So on my very last trip, not finding anything that we came for on the menu after 13 years of dining, my friend and I decided to go with the tortilla soup rather than just leaving.  It was far too salty...not something I have ever experienced at Houston's.  Of course, they did not charge us for the "meal".  No reason to ever go back now.Leaving Houston's with an empty stomach, I considered stopping at Bandera, another Hillstone property.  I quickly wrote off that idea since they've tinkered with their menu items so much that I gave up my "regular" status there in 2010.  I believe that the Hillstone Restaurant Group has made some awful choices over the past few years, making changes to long time favorites that ruin the dining experience.  Perhaps new chefs can't just leave a good thing alone or need to put their stamp on it.  I saw this in another review and couldn't stat it better - "I understand menu changes happen but it was so good and so the same for so many years why do they have to switch it all up now? Pretty sure the business model was working just fine. "  As steep as Houston's prices have been over the years, I didn't mind paying for great food and great service.  I'll probably go in for a fillet a couple of times a year, but I'll have to wait until it's crowded at 5pm to have a baked potato with it.
4	The ribs are to die for and the chicken tenders are out of this world. I always start off with the Chicago style spinach dip with chips and its always amazing. The only thing holding this restraint back is the lack of consistency in reference to their ribs. Sometimes they are really crispy and other times they are a little softer and covered in sauce, but besides that this is the place to go for ultimate pig out feast.
4	Great food in a great environment.
5	I've been to Houston's several times over the last couple of years but the last time I went was the best! My boyfriend and I wanted a good steak so we decided to come here one Friday night. We had to wait for a little bit but that didn't bother me and it was worth it. First we got the spinach dip which was delicious. He got the prime rib and I got the filet and I'm pretty sure that was the first time I ate a steak and actually loved it. Sooooo good. I think it came with mashed potatoes and some vegetables on the side. I tried his too and it was good but I thought the filet was better. It wasn't a super cheap meal that's for sure but we knew that going into it. Our server was really friendly as well. We'll be going back!
4	Even though we don't frequent this restaurant very often, we really like it and have never been disappointed about our food or the service. We recently took visiting family and they are now huge fans! They both ordered the pork chops - well done. Aarrgghh!!! Pork chops well done??? They'll be so dry and leathery But surprise, surprise. Although cooked to their specification, the chops were very moist and super flavorful. One ordered the maple glazed carrots as an accompaniment to the 2 large chops - and he nearly licked his plate clean. One of the standards are the ribs - they are consistently fall-of-the-bone delicious. It's a large order so plan on taking some home. The cole slaw was not as good as I remember, but that's a minor point (apologies to slaw aficionados!) The salmon was perfectly prepared and delicious. For dessert, we had the key lime pie which was not overly sweet, and had a nice balanced lime flavor; and some kind of hot brownie concoction with ice cream...yummmm. When one in our party dripped a little dessert on their shirt, the server was right there with soda water - how many places do that? The atmosphere is low lit, up-scale modern steak house type of feel but not cowboy-ish. You can see the cooks working their magic in the kitchen. The only downside comment I would make is we all thought the music was a bit too loud. I understand what the reasoning is behind that, but there were four of us, at a fairly small table, and we had to speak loudly just to carry on a conversation.All in all, service is super attentive but not overbearing - the servers monitor the guests they are taking care of. And, the food is consistently fabulous.
5	Delicious, simple food every single visit. Consistency is key, and Houston's has got it. I love that they don't put anything on the menu that they can't execute near perfectly any night of the week.The spinach dip, salmon, tuna, loup de mer, and seasonal vegetables are always beautiful and fresh. The Hawaiian rib-eye is also fantastic if you're in the mood for meat and potatoes. I only wish they took reservations!
4	My first review :) A friend took my sister and I here for our birthday. Staff was really nice and our server was great. We asked her for some recommendations. I ordered the Hawaiian ribeye and omg!!!! It was definitely the best steak I have had so far! It was mouthwatering and the flavor is laced throughout the whole meat. It was a good sized piece, 12 oz probably, and it was so good that I finished it all. I can't wait to go back and have more soon! The spinach dip is yummy too! Wasn't a fan of the five but brownie though, that is why I am giving this place a 4.5 instead of a 5. Not sure how to give half stars. Either way... I'm coming back for sure :)
5	I have never been to Houston's, but by husband has been twice, in other states.What a pleasant surprise!! Wonderful elevated contemporary desert environment.The staff demonstrated service "discipline" and teamwork, with welcoming and friendlyattitudes.We started with the Chicago-Style Spinach Dip-yummy!!I had their signature Cheeseburger with steamed broccoli, and my husband their featured Texas burger and fries.Everything was fresh and flavorful, including the homemade buns.We will definitely be back!!
3	Houston's has great food, generous drinks (glass wine list need desperate help though), and stuck up waiters.  It is that simple. French Dip   =5 starsSpinach dip = 5 stars Ribs             =5 starsSea bass      =5 starsService         =2 stars. Would it kill them to smile?Get over yourselfs and be nice.  I bet I have eaten at this location at least a dozen times this year and I can't remember any server saying a simple Thank You for dinning with us from any of my servers.  And it is just this location... Coral Gables, Aventura, Palm Beach, 23rd & 5th in NYC, Hackensack ... All offer great service so let's get it together Scottsdale!!!
5	One of my favorite restaurants for dinner in Scottsdale. Seriously...this place is delicious.Ribs are always good and the burger is a classic here.This is a great restaurant for a date, or friends, or family. It can sometimes be a little loud though. Dark lit restaurant - perfect for a glass of wine and a meal.
4	Definitely call ahead for a reservation.  We were out and decided to eat her since it was near by.  The wait was long for a table but everywhere would have had a wait on a Saturday night.  the food was really good as expected for a steak house of this caliber.  Would I wait again,  probably not. . Would I eat here again,  definitely buy only with a reservation.
1	Having been regulars for the past 10 years, last spring, my family and I went to eat there for a celebration. We were surprised to see the change in the layout of the restaurant. There was more  production of noise which was very distracting because the booths were awkwardly shaped (a quarter circle and the rest in chairs) for three people that you can hear your neighbor's conversation while waiting for your meal. The menu was downsized and it didn't have the quality selections that my family and I use to chose from so, for me, I settled for a mushroom burger. We were not pleased with the service either because they did a tag-team version so we were confused on who was "helping" us and it was taking a while to ask for a simple glass of water. We found it very rude when they would take our plates away without even bother asking. I did not enjoy my meal that day and we do not plan on returning to this poorly, functioned restaurant.
1	My wife and I have been going to Houston's for about 5 years, as time goes bye Houston's service/ food has really taken a back seat to the quality food/service we were used to. The last two times for dinner my wife and I love the prime rib French dip we were told both times they were sold out of the prime rib, so we opted for the Hawaiian steak(yuk) ask for medium rare it was over cooked n the taste was awful, as we were choking down the Hawaiian steak we watched waiter after waiter serving the same prime rib French dip to customers after we have almost finished are dinner, The service the last two times there has been just terrible, I know I won't be back, to all u Houston lovers enjoy, but don't settle for less like I did, Houston's has gone down hill, peace, John
4	It had been a while since I have been to Houston's. I have always enjoyed it there. This trip was no different. Good quality food and good service. This trip it was louder than I remember though. We had a party of 5 and all of us thought the food was really good. Service was genuine and more than adequate. Price point for the quality is on target. Admittedly, my wife and I thought the trimmed down menu was too basic and too small but otherwise it was a nice evening. Houston's used to have an incredible baked potato soup which according to our server, is gone forever.....oh well still a good place to have dinner. Very consistent with the food quality.
5	Houston's is a great environment and great service. Not to tough on the wallet either!! I recommend when in Scottsdale
4	This is by far the best restaurant in Scottsdale that I have been to so far.  I had the Hawain Rib-Eye and they did a good job of cooking to my exact specifications,  no too mention that the seasoning they used made the steak all that much more tastier.  Their coleslaw stands out more than your average coleslaw because it doesn't rely on a strong bitter taste that most coleslaws have because of the vinegar.  The glass of merlot I had with the meal was not too strong, not too weak, and had just the right amount of fruitiness to make it a perfect compliment to my steak dinner.  What was also a delight was the desert,  the hot fudge sunday is great since they serve the hot fudge on the side so you can distribute it in whatever amount you desire at anytime that you are eating the ice cream.  The atmoshere isn't too flashy, the service is punctual and friendly,  and to top it all off, they do the right thing of having the kitchen be right in plain view for everyone to see.  Not every restaurant does that but every restaurant should.
4	This is my go to place to sit, have a dinner salad, and watch sports on flat screen.  Service is very friendly, sometimes a little robot like.  Seared ahi tuna salad is my salad of choice at Houston's.  Yum... I will be back.
5	We started coming to Houston's' on Scottsdale Road in 2004 our first trip to the Valley of the Sun! Fabulous atmosphere with the Scottsdale "buzz" of locals and tourists alike. Beautiful room with intimate booths and tables, cool jazz playing in the background and the best barbecue baby back ribs of any where I have tried from Arizona to Texas! Try the Thai Steak and Noodle Salad and the Chicago Style Spinach Dip! Service is always excellent and this place is not to be missed!
5	Delicious and GREAT service. We had the hickory burger (Canadian bacon, cheddar, onions) and fries. They serve cokes in little glass bottles which I thought was a nice touch. The staff works as a team, so you are never waiting on a server or waitress. Good food, nice restaurant, great staff - definitely recommend.
5	I love the Hawaiian ribeye, so amazing!!!Usually they have a long wait but it's worth it!
5	chicken tenders platter is from the heavens. so are the burgers, spinach artichoke dip, french fries, tortilla soup, asian chicken salad - the list goes on and on.....this location has been here forever and I don't see anything changing - minimum 30 minute wait on a thurs/fri/sat night.my friends and i joke that it's the best restaurant on this planet. not really sure how much of a joke it is.if you want VERY GOOD FOOD, go here. you will NOT be disappointed! sure, the price tag's a little on the heavier side but that's the price for culinary art.
5	You can't go wrong with anything at Houston's or any of the hillstone restaurants . I usually stick to my usual and get grilled artichoke , house salad and baby back ribs. I do like the prime rib dip and the filet , but I'm mostly  Im obsessed with the grilled artichoke and the delicious remoulade as a dipping sauce. My other favorite are the fork tender baby back ribs. The sauce is addicting and worth every penny that you won't want to share a bite .
4	When the have it available, the grilled artichoke app is amazing. The filet is also consistently solid. Great char on it even though I order med rare.
4	Houstons has been one of my favorite places to eat in the Scottsdale area for years. Whenever I'm in town, I make a point to stop in. The quality of the food is phenomenal (and the prices are in line with that) and the service is usually top-notch. The atmosphere is Southwestern Swanky so you get that cool, old school vibe. The leather booths and dark lighting gives it a classy, mysterious setting.I'm a low carb eater so my go-to menu item is their cheeseburger (sans bun) with the vegetable of the day (make sure to ask what the veggies are and if they say spaghetti squash or brussels sprouts, ORDER THEM! They are by far my favorite). Their standard veggies, or ones they usually have all year, are sauteed spinach or broccoli with Parmesan cheese on top. The burgers are SO GOOD here because they grind them fresh in-house. You'll be paying close to $15 for one, but they are tasty.I prefer to eat here at lunch time on the weekends when it's not so crowded. Evenings tend to feel a bit too "formal" and the place gets packed with the worker crowd during lunch hours on weekdays. Plus, if you go on Saturday, they have their awesome chili! Even if you choose to dine here on a weekend day, make sure you dress a bit nicer than a t-shirt and jeans. Jeans are okay, but you might feel under dressed in a t-shirt.
5	Amazing service, quality, and delicious eats. A classic and never disappoints. I recommend the ribs with the huge baked potato that is truly a meal in itself, prime rib, French dip sandwich, club salad, steaks, all the appetizers, good the tortilla soup is to die for but I always forget which day they serve it on. Can't go wrong with anything on the menuMartinis are extra yummy, and they even set you up with a chilled glass halfway through! Talk about "the little things!" If you like desserts and even if you don't-- the warm 5 nut brownie will change your life. It isn't on the menu anymore, not quite sure why-- but it is fantastic. Bourbon(?)  flavored Carmel sauce, warm gooey brownie with a delicious crunch and the most delectable vanilla ice cream. *drool*
2	The initial impression of Houstons for me was "Rich people welcomed". The drink menu for Houstons was a little excessive, and the food menu lacking. There isn't much to choose from. The servers aren't exactly the best. I feel like if there wasn't an 18% forced gratuity for parties of 5 or more, the servers wpuld be a little more hospitable. Overall the food was average. The Hickory burger comes with a ridiculous amount of cheese. The Canadian bacon tasted very slimey and overcooked. The Smoked Hiclory Salmon was mostly a plate of white bread. The salmon was cold and undesirable. The Biltmore Chicken Sandwich was one of the only good dishes. Overall my experience here was not the best. The selection was poor and I wouldn't like to come here again unless the menu was expanded.
4	Houston's used to be one of my favorite restaurants.  It seems as though they have not updated the menu since the 90's.  They still have the same old delicious tortilla soup and such.  But not a very inspired menu.  The service is still great I went back and forth one 3 or 4 stars.  As I wrote the review it seems as though they a 4 stars when they used to five.
2	Decided to check our Houston's recently on my family vacay to Scottsdale and overall it was a pretty decent experience.We stopped by for lunch and the place was totally dead. We were seated immediately but our server seemed pretty indifferent to our presence. We didn't see our server after he dropped off our food and had waive down a busser for refills and the check. Maybe it was because we were younger than the average patron, but service was a bit of a let down. The restaurant is nice and spacious, and definitely fits the upscale atmosphere of Scottsdale. My cousins ordered the Hickory Burger which came with a mound of shredded cheddar cheese and thick slices of Canadian bacon. While it sounds good, the cheese was too much and the bacon slices added a rubbery texture to the burger. I had the Biltmore Chicken Sandwich which was pretty decent. I could see why the kitchen skewered it twice with toothpicks as the sandwich falls apart pretty quick. Despite it's structural problems, the sandwich was delicious and probably one of the better offerings on the lunch menu. I was disappointed that the soft drinks were 'by the bottle' and not refillable. At $3 for a  8oz bottle, you could easily spend the price of your entree on soda. Overall I wouldn't mind returning for dinner but Houstons wouldn't be at the top my list for dining
1	If you like chewing your "prime" beef for 20 minutes and substandard service then hop on in.
5	Can't beat Houston's for service and FOOD. My mouth is watering thinking about the spinach dip and smoked salmon apps. The grilled salmon is like butter melting in your mouth. I have never had better spaghetti squash, brussel sprouts or braised cabbage with goat cheese. Their salads are also fantastic. I dare you to find a better creamy blue cheese dressing. Mmmmm, I want some right now.
5	Seriously love this place! keeps getting better! Service is phenomenal, i have been going to Houstons with my family ever since I was younger it was always our special treat, I can never get sick of this place!
5	I went into this place and didn't know what to expect.  I thought it would be another ho-hum mid-range restaurant.  Boy, was I surprised.  Service was excellent and classy.  Ordered a hamburger. Hamburgers at sit-down restaurants are  usually dry and hard.  This hamburger was moist, soft and perfectly cooked to my medium order, probably the best hamburger I've had at a sit-down restaurant. Pure-sugar Mexican Coke was another nice and thoughtful touch.  Their choice of music was good and even the bathroom was beautiful!
3	A little disappointed because I heard so many great things about this place. VERY limited selection on the menu. I can even find an appetizer/entree with shrimp. I had the seabass which was good. My friend had the ribs which was good. The side veggie was actually the best thing on my plate. It's overall a OK restaurant. I had much better food in Hillstone. However, I like our waiter who was very nice and attentive. Also, I wonder how is it only a 2 $$. It should at least be a $$$ restaurant.
4	When you first step into Houston's the first thing that comes to mind is.."Wow this place is pretty cool" Its very modern and they offer a simple menu. I had there prime rib and it was great. There filet Mignon is also very good as well as there ribs. The other good thing about this place is there friendly waitstaff.
5	Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in scottsdale. Solid burgers, unfortunately they stopped serving their sushi because that was my favorite thing on the menu. Beside that love the french dip. Also great service and nice setting
3	Perfect place to go if you don't know where to go in the area.Seasonal dish: Artichokes. Pretty good.The noodle steak salad was also tasty.Kind of pricey for what you get but still a solid option.Long wait although decent service.Cheers.
4	This place was a gem for food for the quickness however. Great service attentive to detail on everything. Open kitchen really adds to the overall ambiance.
1	Lunch Hour on a FridaySeated immediately which was great!It goes downhill from there. I would like to start by saying, my grown daughter loves the salmon appetizer, and has always enjoyed going to Houstons until today. Today there were (3) of us, one of which was my 4 year old grandson. It was very apparent they do NOT want young children in the restaurant when we tried to order a children's chicken and french fries for our youngster. They do not have a kids menu, therefore our 4 year old would need to order from the 'adult' menu at approximately $19 for a meal. Shocked yes, but I was able to accept that. Then we ordered some bacon on the side and it came out burnt, not crispy because crispy would have been great, it was BLACK. Charcoal black. Who thinks that's ok? When we showed the waitress she was so put off, didn't say much but then brought back another order of barely cooked bacon.My daughter had a burger and fries that was good, I had the French Dip, that was ok, a little too rare and fatty for me and nothing was really hot.The atmosphere is nice, the food ok but the service leaves a lot to be desired.
5	Awesome Ribs!  And spinach dip Appetizer is notable.  Pork chop was tasty as well.  Great service. Well worth the wait time to be seated.  Look forward to going back.
4	Good steak, Great Service and reasonable price!
5	This is one my favorite lunch or dinner stops in Phoenix. The menu is loaded with great food. I can never resist the artichoke spinach dip!!My new favorite dish is the grilled chicken sandwich.
5	Excellent food. Amazing service. My party had the Loup De Mer, salmon dish, ribs, and prime rib. All of it was amazing and splendidly dished. Make this a night out if you're in Scottsdale! Also frequented by baseball athletes during March, which is a plus if you're a baseball fan.Cheers!
4	Of the national chains, Houston's is in my top-3.  The restaurant is always energetic, the food is always great, and the service I've had is always top-notch.  The really should be commended for their knowledge and consistency on that front. The last time we were there we went with the smoked salmon appetizer (awesome and I don't usually like smoked fish), the ribs (actually not the quality I've experienced at Houston's), and the French Dip (very good) but you can't really go wrong with anything on the menu.  If you're looking for an upscale dining experience this should always be a consideration.
3	I have been going to Houstons for many years. As a local, I used to love this place. However over the past few years this has become a tourist trap with all the snowbirds congregating here day after day. Snowbird friends came in for three days and wanted to try Houstons. They now take reservations which they have needed to do for years. Without reservations you can wait forever. The restaurant reminds me of many places in Chicago, lots of wood inside, mainly booths . We had a 7pm reservation and were seated right away. The food service was excellent but refills on the ice tea were slow. There were 4 of us, 3 of us had the Hawaiian Marinated Rib Eye which is served with a loaded baked potato. The price was $31.00 and the value was worth it. The steak was big and the potato was HUGE. I took half my meal home. My friend had the ribs which is a full slab of ribs. He had french fries and cole slaw with it. He said it was excellent. So now you are asking...why only 3 stars? They have changed their menu. While I know the big thing now is Kale salad, the thought of Kale Salad as a meal makes me ill. They used to have a Chicken Club Salad, my favorite, that is gone as is the artichoke. The menu seem more limited. That is my protest about restaurants that fix things that are not broken. Also, this is a nice restaurant and while I know this is a touristy area, could you take off the flip flops and white shorts for one hour and put on a nice pair of jeans? While the place is not cheap and a hamburg is $15, the food is excellent.
1	Nice looking place inside. Terrible service, waited for over 2 hours even with a reservation! Would never come here again! Great food just really upset about the wait!
4	Houston's may be pricey, but it doesn't disappoint! My favorite entree is the filet salad. It is AMAZINg, but everything on the menu is excellent and they have wonderful wine to pair with any meal. I recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a consistent and nice dinner in the area.
5	I've been coming here on and off for the past few years. The food is excellent and service is impeccable. I not only observe the behaviour but also body-language of the servers. Here, the servers behave as though it really does not matter if the table is assigned to a particular server. Many times, servers--multiple--other than our designated server would come and check to see if we needed anymore beverages, condiments, etc.  Their service was exceptional.As for the food, the taste was amazing. Well prepared with right temperature and good texture with superb presentation.  Well done!
1	What a terrible experience.  I love Houston's and there are very few restaurant chains that I can say that about.  I look forward to going to a Houston's any time I can.  We went into this one on a Friday evening, February 21st of this year.  It was later in the evening but we were just going to have a drink at the bar and perhaps a snack.  We walked in and the place was jumping.  Luckily there were a few seats available at the bar where we saw one of the bartenders JUST serving entrees as we arrived.  We were met by a female bartender (blonde) who stopped us in our tracks to say "sorry we are closing and so longer serving".  Again- the place was packed and people were still waiting for their dinners!  I know the difference between stopped seating vs stopped serving!  She was so fricking rude that it has stuck with me these past four months!  We explained we were just looking to have a drink and maybe a snack but couldn't even get the sentence out before she shut us down again.  Clearly she had after work plans or took a cranky pill but one this is clear- she should NOT be behind the bar at This or any other decent restaurant!  She has a very bright future down at the DMV however.  Thanks for trying to kill our evening Ms Sunshine!
5	I ate here 3 of the 5 days that we were in town. I've NEVER in my life eaten jumbo shrimp cocktail like this. It was amazing. I ate it all three times. When Jesus wants jumbo shrimp, this is where he eats it! It's that good. LOL! Be prepared, the red cocktail sauce has a kick. But it's so good that you can't stop eating it. Yummy in my tummy Mommy!
5	Been here twice for weekend lunch and was not at all disappointed.  Both times service was awesome, food was delicious and the place ran like a well oiled machine.
5	My go to for a Hawaiian Ribeye.  Can go wrong with the spinach dip.   Artichoke hearts are to die for.
2	Had very positive experience with Houston's in the past. This wasn't good. They seemed to not have much that was on the menu (e.g. Out of grilled Artichokes, and only had two desserts; hot fudge sundae and berries with mascarpone.  Service was decent but felt that $100+ for a salad, a rotisserie chicken and a couple of drinks seemed like a lot. And nothing like other Houston's I've been to before. Much more like a TGI Fridays. Was told the sushi menu was discontinued since Hillstone opened across town. As I've said previous experience has always been pretty great for Houston's. Just don't come to this one.
4	This is our go-to restaurant for just about any occasion. The food is always great--substantial portions (often enough to share) and at a reasonable price for the quality. The service is also equally worthy of 5 stars--the staff is friendly without verging on the annoyingly friendly. The only thing I would say is a negative is that they don't take reservations and often the wait for a table can be long.
2	I used to LOVE this restaurant, but after some recent experiences, I plan to take my business elsewhere.Their service remains excellent, but food quality has seriously soured.  I ordered the Chinese Chicken salad (chicken on the side since I am vegetarian), which they accommodated.  My mom and I split this along with a side of french fries.  The salad used to be so big I could eat and eat and eat and not make a dent.  We devoured this one quickly.  The carrots are in chunks instead of shredded and there are too many tortilla strips.  The greens are even lighter in color and less crunchy.  My mom enjoyed the chicken and the amount they provided.The fries were disappointing.  They have changed the potatoes so they are much chunkier (not the shoestring yumminess it used to be) and the flavor is more comparable to fast food than to anything worth of a seated restaurant.  I didn't even eat them and decided to fill up at home instead.  Our server did take the fries off the bill after we mentioned how different they were.  We were told that they were changed for quality, but I am positive it must be a cost issue.I would go to the bar for a glass of wine as I still like the ambiance and service, but the food is not up to par anymore.  I have other restaurants that are tastier.
2	Food excellent, but has gotten way too pricey.We have been going to Houston's for years and have loved it. Went last night and was shocked at the prices! $19.95 for a French dip sandwich is crazy!! The cheapest glass of wine was$11.00. They have even stopped selling soft drinks from the fountain (you get small bottles), in order to prevent refills.I went to pay with a American Express gift card and was told that they add an automatic 20% fee for gift card redemption!Yikes, what is happening to a former favorite restaurant of ours!!!
5	O....M.....g... We just had the most amazing experience ever. First Father's Day at Houston's here in Scottsdale and went to go pay for the bill and the waiter says it was anonymously taken care of. Someone took care of our bill. Wow. I've been hearing about this 'Paying it Forward' thing going around but never would have expected it to happen to us. So cool. We had the ribs (always a hit and my favorite) and shared their amazingly simple yet delicious garden salads with a side of broccoli for the little one who loved it. As a joint Father's Day and my birthday dinner, it couldn't have been more perfect.PS - thank you Jeff for taking such good care of us! Very attentive!
5	I took the girlfriend here Saturday night for a little date. We were looking for a last minute place to go and chose Houston's because we had been to both Bandera and Hillstone and loved them both. We showed up without a reservation at 8:30 on a Saturday night. We had to wait 10-15 to be seated. There was plenty of room at the bar so we had a drink while we waited. The restaurant is very nice on the inside although it is a little dark. I ordered the ribs with cole slaw and french fries. My girlfriend ordered the chicken with a  baked potato and broccoli. We were both extremely happy with our selections. The chicken may be the best chicken I have ever had. It is so juicy and full of flavor. The ribs were also excellent. We had a great experience and will certainly come back!!
5	always great food and friendly staff.  only negative is the wait!  but well worth it.  Want no wait, go across the street to Remington's at the Scottsdale Plaza and pay 3 times the price for poor quality tasteless food and rude and unfriendly staff.  The wait at Houston's is worth it!
5	Seriously - is there a restaurant with more professional service and consistently high quality food? I know they are a chain, but this restaurant is one of the most well-oiled, professionally staffed places in the Valley. Food great, service phenomenal, ambience always nice. Hats off.
1	On average, I eat at ten restaurants a week.  In my life, I have never experienced such utter disdain for the wishes of the customer as I witnessed last night.  My overall experience in your restaurant was one star.  It would have been zero stars except for the collective, attentive service we were given by an obviously well trained wait staff.  It's too bad that you can't train away indifference towards the customer.  My problem is with a Houston's philosophy of: it doesn't matter what the customer wants, you are going to have it our way, or no way.Here is what happened.  The fish sandwich is fried.  One of us wanted it grilled.  The answer was "we can't do that".  Why not?  You have a grill.  One of us wanted the chicken salad with the dressing on the side.  The answer was "we can't do that".  Why not?  Is the salad pre-prepared with dressing on it?  One of us wanted that salad with salmon instead of chicken.  The answer was "we can't do that".  Why not?  This doesn't even deserve any further discussion.The fact that we will never set foot in your restaurant again will have absolutely no impact on you at all.  It's obvious how little you care about our wishes.  What I hope has an impact, however, is that every single day I will relay my story of the lack of any customer service I received from you.  You see, I'm in the customer relationship business and my goal is to differentiate myself from you in every way.  I will tell this story to every client, prospective client, associate, and friend, as a lesson on how not to do business.  The positive is that the manner in which I treat my customers has been reinforced by your lack of basic business practices.  That's good for me, bad for you.
5	This place is consistently good. I have had the salmon both times. The wait staff is also excellent!
4	This place always has excellent service and food! Don't miss the smoked salmon appetizer with toast points. It's a generous portion and so delish! It's the only Houston's location the serve it! I'm from California and none of the restaurants here serve it. Bummer! It's always my go to! The veggie platter entree is alway amazing too. Don't be afraid to come here with your steak loving friends of you're a vegetarian!
5	Hands down this is the restaurant I frequent the most. The prices are on point. The service is second to none and they always remember my name! For a chain restaurant I have never been more impressed. The artichokes are phenomenal, the caesar salad with house made dressing, the burger, the french dip, ahi tuna, ribs, roasted chicken, the drinks! The quality control is top notch. I have never experienced a cold dish or a bad meal. You can make a reservation, or if you don't have one you will never likely wait more then 30-45 minutes to be seated. In the mean time, servers will come around to get you started with a beverage. I wish more restaurants would follow Houston business model in terms of quality control, customer service, and good food. For an all around good meal this is the place to visit.
5	I'm a loyal patron of Bandera, the sister eatery located few miles further south on Scottsdale Blvd.  but I've always wanted to try Houston's so my wife and I finally did.  We were not disappointed but we were impressed by the food, service and ambiance of this upscale establishment.We arrived around 6:30 pm and were told there was an hour wait so we briefly left to check into our hotel and returned about a half an hour later and the place had almost completely emptied out so we were immediately seated in quiet, large booth against the wall overlooking the restaurant where we were quickly greeted by our friendly and attentive server Bryn.  When we told her this was our firs visit to Houston's and that we really like Bandera, she assured us she would make our visit memorable which she more than succeeded in doing.  We had cocktails in martini glasses and she returned with two fresh super icy glasses and poured our remaining drinks into them.  Nice touch.I greatly enjoyed their BBQ ribs and my wife who doesn't eat meat ordered their vegetable platter which comes with a choice of three prepared items all of which were much to her liking.  No room for dessert but I'm certain they're as good as their entree items.Love the dark coolness of Houston's.  Lots of dark wood and subdued lighting.  Very romantic and private.  We'll definitely be returning here again soon.
5	Houston is a great restaurant for date night. Hillstone (on Camelback) is also a part of this group. I frequent Houston's for the pork chop! Talk about a creature of habit. I loooove the pork chop! It is generally served with broccoli (seasonal veggies) and mashed potatoes. I have yet to eat the whole chop!!! But man, trying to is heaven!!! I have, on occasion, tried other dishes. I haven't had a bad experience in the 2 1/2 years that I have been coming to Houston's. By chance, if you have to send an entree back, they have an open kitchen. You can rest assure that you won't get any extra sauce!The staff are always pleasant, making sure that guests have a superb experience. Please make a reservation to save yourself some time. This place is almost always crowded...YES, even  the bar area.
4	During my college days, I did my fair share of serving and bartending, and let me tell you- you will not find better service anywhere! Service may be a little stuffy if you are someone who like to chat up your servers, but man are they on point.I come here every couple of months or so. It is great for a date or special occasion. it is not good for groups... I've never seen a group larger than 6. Their menu is very broad from salads and sandwiches to ribs and sushi. I have always loved their French dip... opt for the baked potato instead of fries. Recently I gave up eating meat for a year, and their veggie burger was the best I've had anywhere... I will still order it from time to time, even now eating meat again. Again, opt for the baked potato. If you like potatoes, just play it right and ALWAYS opt for the baked potato! Great wine selection, something for every palate and price point. The ambience is perfect and definitely save room for dessert. They have an awesome key lime pie and hot fudge sundae.Definitely try to make a reservation if you are going in on the weekend. Sitting at the bar isn't too bad, either if you are okay with something a little more casual.
5	Very nice place. Great food. Excellent staff and managment. Just one of those places you can't find anything bad on the menu. Ribs are amazing. Its pricy we usually go on special occasions but its a classy place so I expect to pay a little more but you get your money's worth I can promise you.
2	The fact this restaurant has 4 stars boggles my mind. The service and atmosphere is great but the food, unfortunately was a let down. We were recommended this place by a friend because of how much my bf loves french dips. We figured for $19 and the rave reviews it would be a great sandwich. If you love bread, not a lot of meat and sub par au jus, then this would be the sandwich for you. I've had plenty of better french dips at local bars, for half the price. We also requested extra crispy french fries, which came out pretty soggy.I ordered the thai steak salad. I LOVE thai everything, but this salad was just a smorgasbord  of clashing flavors. The filet in my salad was also very salty. Not a very well thought out dish, was only able to eat half of it. All in all, not worth the price. Disappointing.  Won't be back.
1	Having been Scottsdale residents for many years, we still drive 35 miles from Anthem to Scottsdale to eat out.  My son had to wait over half an hour for his drink,  and when I asked her what their lowest calorie/fat salad might be she shrugged her shoulders.  I made the mistake of ordering the one she suggested.  Big mistake.  It was loaded with tortilla stips, dripping in what tasted like rancid peanut oil... She didn't even notice I only took about 5 bites of the salad, after pushing all the tortilla strips to the side.  I'm seriously trying to lose weight, and only ate a few bites of the salad.  I left hungry and very cranky.  My husband and grow up sons loved their burger and pork ribs.  I don't think I'll be back again.
5	By far my all time fav place to go to celebrate! They have THE best veggie burger I have ever had. The atmosphere is great in both the bar and dining area!
5	We ate here on 8/5/2014 and 8/6/2014.I'm giving this place 5 stars because my wife can't say enough about it and we have friends who eat here EVERY DAY when they vacation in Scottsdale.  They rave over the sundaes and the veggie burgers.  If it was just me, I'd give it 4 stars.On our first visit, my wife got the veggie burger (which is made on site) and she said it was the best she's ever had.I am a burger and fries guy and I found the hickory burger to be flavorful and cooked properly.  They don't give you many fries but this seems to be the norm for upscale restaurants.What makes this place for me is the ambiance and the excellent, attentive, friendly wait staff.  ALL the waiters are very friendly, not just YOURS who is looking for a good tip.  You can tell the difference when friendliness is part of their training.We did share a hot fudge sundae.  You should get a hot fudge sundae.  Here's the thing about those.  You get a generous helping of ice cream, whipped cream, and then your own pitcher of what I can only assume is their own chocolate sauce.  I have had better tasting sauces, but no one has ever let me decide how much sauce I want on it, so the pitcher on the side was pretty cool.  I happen to like a lot of sauce so I added more sauce every couple of bites.Note... we returned late the next night for another round of Sundaes.  We each got our own.  This is when I found out they had whipped cream.  My wife, apparently, ate the whipped cream on our first one without me noticing.
5	Just had my second visit to this terrific restaurant along with my wife, another couple and their kids.  Our server was extremely accommodating and attentive.  My only gripe if you can call it that is they ran out of prime rib by the time we arrived which was not that late . . . near 8 pm.  I opted for their NY strip which was very tasty but a tad overdone for medium rare.  Overall though, this was favorable follow up visit which we all enjoyed immensely.
5	Wife and I went to Houston's after leaving another place for terrible service..we waited a while for a table but having been here at 8pm on a Saturday, it was expected. Kat served us in the lounge area by the bar while we waited and chatted us up for a few minutes. We sat down at a nice table on the back wall with a view of the entire restaurant. People watching is one of our favorite things to do so it worked out. I had a burger and she had the lunch chx salad. All we're delicious and Holly was great as well!! We'll be back again soon!
5	Go to Houston's if you want consistently delicious food and great service. I have tried a lot of items on the menu and I have never been disappointed. Some of my favorites are the smoked salmon appetizer, hickory burger, French dip, emerald kale salad, veggie burger, and the hot fudge sundae (duh)! There's a reason why this place always has a wait - but it's always worth it.
5	Been going here for years, Service is always outstanding, and the staff are all great never once had a bad experience. The spinach artichoke dip is my go to appetizer every time I go, but the whole menu is amazing can't ever go wrong!!!
5	Houstons will never get old in my book! I've been coming to houstons since I was a kid in Pasadena, California. The Service has always been impeccable and you can't go wrong with anything you chose to order. If you get a chance, order the spinach dip and the Hickory Burger! (Hickory burger is no longer on the menu but they will still make it for you) Hope you enjoy!
4	I have eaten at Houston restaurants in other cities in the past with good experiences many years ago and jumped at the chance to try this venerable institution again.  My co-worker and I got seated at a comfortable booth although I noted that the background music seemed a bit too loud and asked if they could turn it down.  The staff said that they would although I did not notice a real profound difference.We started out with the smoked salmon which was really good.  They gave us a good chunk of fish which had a nice smoky flavor.  I then chose the French dip sandwich which was very good as well.  There was a good amount of meat which was nice and juicy and just tasty. The accompanying fries were good, although slightly overseasoned for my taste.Service was good - there were lots of staff available around who would unobtrusively ensure that my water glass was filled.  It was a little pricey at around $35 per person for lunch, but at least there is consistently good food and service.
3	So I was told that this place was in possession of one of the best french dip sandwiches in Phoenix metro area.  Seeing as how I love french dip so much and am always hunting for the best food, we decided to eat here.  First, I was pretty disappointed in quality to price ratio.   Not only was this thing tiny (like half the meat you get for 10 bucks at a bar) but the fries were pretty tasteless and not cooked well done like I asked.  I get a better French dip at the local pub for 8 bucks with more meat and better French fries.  Will not be going back.
5	Had a delicious Allen brothers ny prime rib.  The food was delicious!!  The restaurant service was wonderful also.  Had a great meal
5	The best ribs always. Tortilla Soup, Ribs, and a Pacifico.  That's what I have every visit and it's always awesome.  If it's in, ill eat the peach cobbler because that's their best dessert IMO.
3	I was taken for lunch. Place obviously is popular. With my limited knowledge I thought a steak could not miss. My impression was expensive for a mediocre steak  Highly unimpressed. Service was barely adequate.
5	Wow what a great place. There steaks are amazing. The prime rib is just the best.  The services great.  We had reservations and was seated on time. Will return. Great place
5	I thought I had died and landed in restaurant heaven. I ordered the Hawaiian steak from their fall menu and to say it was divine would be an understatement. The loaded baked potato was just as delicious. The service is topnotch. A bit loud during the busy time but the food and service more than made up for that.
4	As we were driving to another restaurant my boyfriend saw this place and so " look it's Houston's"!    I had no clue but he said he had been to one in TX.   So needless to say we turned around.   After entering the restaurant he realized it wasn't the same establishment but we decided to give it a shot.  Atmosphere is very dark with dim lighting and very simple.  He ordered the pork chop which was seasoned perfect.  I ordered the salmon which was unbelievable.   It came with brussel sprouts which were scrumptious....I could have ate more!   We both had mashed potatoes that had a good flavor but were cold.  Would go back but not on the top of my list.
5	Great food, Great costumer service. I do not like to go through pages in the menu so Houstons offers just the perfect size menu, that must be one of the reasons why the food is so delicious. I have eaten most of the items in the menu my favorites is the Thai salad and my second is the Cheeseburger. The price is very fair for the quality food that they serve.
2	Review is for the staff and not the food. Unfortunately every time I dine here our reservation is lost and the staff does not compensate in anyway. The hostesses are rude and offer no apologies causing us to give up on trying to dine here anymore.
5	I had lunch here today and it was just GREAT.  Artichokes were perfect, French Dip was just right.  I don't see how anyone can question this place -- it's really WONDERFUL.
1	Houston's must have changed their recipe for their ribs since we were there. They were horrible. So disappointing.
5	Houstons is my favorite spot for lunch. Great wine list when it's not a business lunch. Sounds silly but get the chicken tenders, they will not disappoint. A child's dish done in an adult manner. The service is always great.
5	We've been eating at Houston's as long as we've been in Arizona (15+ years).  I don't know that we've ever had a bad meal.  The burgers are out of this world.  The veggie burgers could win any carnivore's heart.  The ice cream sundae is perfection - chocolate ganache that isn't hot and doesn't turn my decadence into soupiness?  Yes, please.
5	I left still craving their Thai noodle salad even though I was stuffed! Every restaurant I go to now I look for something similar, that's how good this place is. A must go to place in Scottsdale!
3	This is a go-to spot for lunch or dinner. The most recent time I visited I ordered the French dip. The sandwich was delicious but it was noticeably smaller than usual. Also, the amount of french fries served with the sandwich is laughably small. A $20 sandwich should be served with more fries than you can eat. Please fix this!
5	You can't go wrong here ........ good attentive service...... well prepared tasty food .... ample portions ...... fair prices......... like Houston's a lot .......
2	Houston, we have a problem. I wanted the ribeye but it's Hawaiin style and that's the only way they serve it. There were no other meat options that looked apealing on the limited menu so I ended up getting the pork chop. The pork chop is very thick and has a very burnt crust. The sides were mediocre, a baked potato and mashed potatoes. The mashed potatoes taste like the kind made from flakes. Yuck. There are no kid friendly Options so my daughter got the chicken tender plate which was horrible.  Definitely not worth the $17. They serve soda from a bottle which is ridiculous! The lemonade is so bitter I got heart burn with every sip. The service was ok not what I expected for the prices. Our waitress told us to stack our menus at the end of the table when we are ready to order. This was really strange to me. I like to have my menu in front of me when I'm ordering so I dont have to memorize what I want. How hard is it to check in like every other waitress. Bottom line this is not my scene. I'm not into a very limited menu with disappointing food. The food does not justify the price.
2	Houston's is fading!  I'm from out of town and always Looked forward to eating here.  All the little things that made this place great are slowly going away.  The Cheese bread, the Chicken Tenders appetizer.  Seemed like we waited a long time for our dinner to arrive.  Water glasses were more empty than full.  Sorry Houston's I won't drive across town in the future!
4	Visited  NYE to celebrate my wedding. Food was great ambience was romantic. We had the Ribs and the Hawaiian Ribeye. DELISH!
2	The new streamlined menu does not offer enough variety.  They only have three types of appetizers.  That wouldn't have been bad if the rest of their offerings were impeccably executed, but no.  The cheeseburger and mashed potatoes were too salty.  The roast chicken was cafeteria quality, the skin was not crispy and there was quite a bit of jus under it.  I only come here for the Hawaiian rib eye, which instinct told me I should have ordered again, but I wanted to try something else on their limited menu.  Don't come here for dessert either.  They only have two to choose from.  The place was crowded and noisy.  I could overhear the wait staff take orders from diners who were a good ten feet away.  The ambiance is more pretentious than romantic.  Go somewhere else if you're serious with your date.  If you're not, then by all means, come here just to impress her with the prices.
5	First off, I am a huge fan of Hillstone restaurants in general. I have eaten at Hillstone in San Francisco, R&D in Yountville and Rutherford Grill in Rutherford, CA (hands down, my favorite) I was equally impressed by the ambiance and the food was, as expected, fabulous.  I ordered the spinach dip as a starter and the Prime Rib French Dip for my main entree.  I found it refreshing that they had different (to me) sides compared to the California offerings. I ordered the Emerald Kale Salad, absolutely THE BEST!  I highly recommend it! I will be attempting to recreate this one for sure.
2	As a group of scattered friends we have been meeting once a year around the holidays for dinner. For the past 30 plus years we have always eaten at Don and Charlie's. Last year we finally realized that they were just not up to par anymore. We took a chance and tried Houston's. Typical Scottsdale eatery. Range Rovers, posers and people not at all concerned with paying WAY too much for average food. Hamburger, pork chop, kale salad and ribs. It was just ok. Have had better for much, much less money. First go around with the pork chop plate, the potatoes were cold. Got a replacement and they tried to charge for them. No pre-dinner anything. We asked for bread and they brought a "bread service" which is 4 slices of rosemary bread. $1 on the bill. Really? The ribs were pretty good but at $28 they should have been. Have had much better for a little more than half of that. The staff was attentive and very friendly, no problem there. Needless to say, we will be shopping around again next year.
5	Let's be real, it's hard not to love Houston's! The quality of food and level of service is top notch here, hard to beat. Everyone is treated like a high end client. My real estate team and I love to frequent Houston's, often sitting at the bar. We meet many of our new clients here just by stopping in for lunch! Now on to the best part...what to order? EVERYTHING. But my favorite...drum roll please...is the kale salad! I know it doesn't sound as exciting as the prime rib sandwich or freshly caught wild salmon, but just order this and you will see why. The honey mustard peanut sauce is the best I've ever had. Wish I could recreate this at home, but then again I don't because I get too excited to come here and eat it! Thanks Houston's for always making my tummy happy! :)
5	We are visiting from the midwest and this was our first experience at Houstons.  And what an experience it was.  The food was really fantastic. ..I got the chicken fingers tender and awesome...my husband got the strip steak. Very well flavored and tender.  Cooked perfect.  But the most intriguing and spectacular thing was the wait staff.  They believe in a team based service.  Everyone was helping clear dishes, refill drinks, etc.  They all walked tall and sophisticated.   It was clearly the best experience we have had.  The final touch was the hot fudge sundae.  Not a normal canned fudge.  They make it homemade with Belgium chocolate.  Most delicious.  I would highly recommend Houstons and the hot fudge sundae.
4	I stopped in for a late night drink right before they closed on a Tuesday night. It was a fair price for the High West Whiskey, but what really made my night was how Tabby and Kat made me feel welcome even though they were closing. They had plenty of time to spend with me and ask about my night. I'm a bar manager at a nice place right down the street, so I can really appreciate their late night service and the time they speny with me. Thanks!!!
2	A changed experience - but not for the better! We have been devoted Houston's customers for nearly 20 years but recently have noticed a marked deterioration in the food quality, ordering flexibility and wait staff attitudes.  The Scottish salmon used to be grilled; now overseasoned and pan seared - not the same fine taste.  The cheeseburger used to be the "Cadillac standard" but no more - it seems much smaller, while buried in shredded lettuce and a bun covered in a hickory sauce - I just want a quality burger without sauces - put it on the side!  The kale salad should be good, but even the manager was inflexible about substituting for the peanut dressing - some in our party are allergic to peanuts - and they have a great Caesar dressing.  And a really good Caesar salad, why is it not on the menu? You have to know to ask for it.  The staff used to be exceptional but now seem indifferent.  While Houston's entrees are expensive, the great quality and staff always made it worth it, but as things have gone down hill, we are not in a hurry to return - there are so many better places to dine in Scottsdale.
