4	The huge menu looks fantastic (crab, sea bass) but I've only been for dim sum. Selection is decent and it's really good for Phoenix -- try the steamed pork buns, har gow, and the bean curd wrap/dumpling things. Weekdays are easier to handle than weekends. One dim sum Saturday featured huge crowds and an odd scarcity of dumplings and other steamed items.
4	Probably the most comprehensive Chinese menu in the Valley.  Pick from well over 100 dishes, but if you want the best order the Peking Duck.  Everything else is very good, but without a wow factor.  You'll see lots of Chinese people in this massive restaurant, which probably means they're doing a fine job in the kitchen.
4	I reunited with two high school friends in Phoenix, Arizona last Spring! Thank goodness not in the extreme summer heat! The other girlfriend flew in from Maryland and we both met up with our friend who gave birth to a baby girl who now lives in Phoenix. Phoenix girl suggested dim sum and to go to this decent chinese restaurant across town. I was hesitant since coming from bay area, we have really good dim sum in the area but nevertheless Maryland girl was craving some chinese food hence dim sum was it. We arrived at 11am and secured a table for 3. As we started indulging in our food, we noticed the stream of people coming in....suprisingly the food was fresh, tasty and decently priced. It was a memorable reunion nonetheless. :)
2	Visited this place once - the food was somewhat tasty. Nothing to write home about really. The strange thing about the place was that it was totally empty. There were 6 waiters/watresses standing around staring at us eat....and during the middle of the meal they seated two guys Right NEXT to us. I'm talking, elbows touching distance...and there were a good 60 empty tables all around us. That was quite lacking in style as both parties could hear every whispered word at the other table. So the two stars is for the strange seating arrangement ...it turned a celebratory private dinner into an uncomfortable event. We won't return.
3	Giving Golden Buddha only 3 stars makes me so sad. It was only a year ago that I would have awarded this restaurant the coveted 5 star rating. But ever since Howard Seftel gave Golden Buddha such a glowing review in the Arizona Republic this establishment has gone downhill drastically. It's almost as if the said "Screw it! We got our good review so now we can put away all the quality ingredients, cease polite and speedy service and basically charge everything that made this place good." I LOVE dim sum so despite the deteriortating conditions I still eat here a lot. But I don't have to be happy about it, do I?And now it IS pretty bad. It starts at the host stand. I hate to call them out, but if there is a wait, they seat Asian people before Whitey!!! I actually sat and observed this on more than one occasion. I'm all for giving a little preferential treatment to your friends and family but there is no way the guy at the front knows every single Asian in town. I love dim sum so I wait.The dim sum carts rarely come around. When they do come around they are filled with the same sparse selection of items.  The whole idea behind dim sum is variety so I wish they would provide a more diverse selection. The stuff they do put out is often cold and limp. This is because they circulate the same stuff round and round again until it's gone. I understand they don't want to waste food, but there comes a certain point where it's over. You just can't serve egg rolls that are cold and hard as a rock. Isn't that a health code violation?I also wish they kept sauce on the table like other Chinese restaurants. Here they only keep watered down chili paste/oil blend (worst quality available) and really salty soy sauce. Most places also make mustard and sweet sauce available. If you ask for said sauces at Golden Buddha they squeeze one dollop into a container the size of my thumb - for everyone in your entire party to share! Party on one? One dollap! Party of three? One dollap! Party of nineteen? One dollap!!!The universal sauce bottle is kept on a podium next to the dirty dish rags, incidentally. The to-go boxes are stacked here too.I went here for dinner once. I tried to order an appetizer before my dinner and the manager/waiter guy said 'NO! You must order everything at the same time!" I tried to tell him that I wasn't sure what I wanted for dinner yet, but I'd like to start with some pot stickers and he repeated "No! You must order together." Then he mumbled something about the kitchen being too confused for two separate orders from one table. I was dumb founded.  This is the place the Arizona Republic gives top awards??? I think it's time for another visit Howie.I don't know if new management took over or what, but if they keep going down this path of cheap ingredients, no selection and poor service they will lose me forever. Which sucks because I hate to drive to Chandler for dim sum when there should be some great dumplings right in my own backyard. I should give it only 2 stars, but I'm a sucker for any dim sum, no matter how crappy, salty or cold it is.Shape up Golden Buddha! I miss you!
4	I am giving this place 4 stars for their dim sum served only at lunch.  I would not do dinner here.  It is disappointing if you are a fan of authentic Chinese fare.  The dim sum that I had was wonderful and I would come back over and over again.  If I was wanting dinner or a non dim sum lunch I would visit The Szechwan Palace down the sidewalk.  If you go here, DEMAND the Chinese menu, not the American menu.  They have two different menus and many do not know this.  You WILL be disappointed with the American Chinese menu.  You WILL NOT  be disappointed with the "Chinese menu".  See my review on The Szechwan Palace for more info.  I lived in China for a year and know authentic Chinese.  I spend two months traveling in western China, Sichuan province, which was my fav regional food of china along with the Beijing areas food.  Both are more comfort type food due to the cold weather in these regions.
2	If you just "want" dim sum, go here. If you are "craving" dim sum, go elsewhere (take a 5 hour drive west to neighboring state, California).Anyway, I've been visiting Golden Buddha in the noontime for roughly 2 years now. I believe they moved from their original site (7th St. & Osborn), formerly "China Doll." Relocation brought along better atmosphere and smiling faces. This does not mean, better dim sum. But since we are in Phoenix, I will settle for what they have to offer. Be mindful of the dim sum tab. It's itemized high-medium-low. Shaomai can be found as combinations of pork/mushroom, shrimp, or shark fin (which should not be confused as true shark bits, as the shaomai is prepared to look like a shark's fin). These picks are okay...perhaps on a better day shao mai will be served in less-rigid, or fresher wrappers. Potstickers are okay as well, just the usual scallion and pork, and dry wrapper. The baby pork ribs in light black bean sauce and jalapenos is alright, but sometimes lacks in taste. Tripe is also served in its bare minimum...so if you enjoy the texture and flavor of tripe, try this with its clear sauce and thinly sliced carrots and celery.  Buche (that's what I call it), or fried sesame balls are also available, although if you wait until dessert, they will also be a bit stiff. There are a few other things that may be "spotted" but are not worth mentioning. Don't order from their lunch menu, as you can find these over-salted dishes at Panda Express anyway. Overall, dim sum at Golden Buddha is a place to go if you are around the vicinity and feel like having something apart from the usual fast food. However, discriminating palates- beware.
3	Having grown up in Hong Kong and having eaten dim sum in London, NY, LA, SF and Vancouver (actually Richmond), I can confidently say I know my dim sum.Good selection of well-executed dim sum when the carts actually come around and there's anything left in it.  I'd give it 4 stars for food but the wait definitely detracted from the whole experience.I think the problem with Golden Buddha is that they can't handle the heavy flow on weekends.  There's not enough regular dim sum eaters like LA that can sustain a steady flow of diners throughout the week, forcing restaurants like Golden Buddha to depend heavily on extra part-time help on weekends.  Dim sum takes serious skill so the chef still ends up doing most of the work.  When we looked into the kitchen, we saw a Chinese woman doing most of the cooking herself.  No wonder it took forever for a cart to come out and when it does, it's swarmed on by a pack of vultures.If you're willing to eat at a more simply decorated place with a smaller menu, I'd highly recommend China Chan.  It's much more relaxed - usually no wait on weekends.  An experienced chef makes all the dim sum himself so the menu's much shorter but all the classics are on it.  Anything steamed is made to order so is very fresh.
4	This is my favorite place to get Chinese food.  It's the only Chinese restaurant without mystery meat. Also the meat is not fried to death.  I LOVE the Lemon Chicken and the crab puffs.  Love love love the crab puffs. The service is always slow, but since we know that we factor that into our dinner.
4	Okay so Ive been glum the past few days as I have an impending birthday. Every year this time I get all down in the dumps.. not that I'm not happy with my life cause life is good. Its more like getting further away from my youth and closer to being well, old. All of my grandparents were crotchety, sourpuss drama queens.. is that my fate? Can I break the mold or am I to going to be a crotchety sourpuss?So as I contemplate and figure out what I'm going to do with my birthday baggage I decide to squash it with food. All weekend Ive been eating out and having a good time. This is one of the few times outside of a vacation where I will live it completely and to the near of sheer gluttony. So why not dim sum? Ive chowed much dim sum in my 36 years of earthen wear.. of course some good and some bad. I have never been to a place where every dish was great.. Golden Buddha is no exception to this.. they do the basics well enough and have enough funky cool Asian style to keep me interested in returning. The carts around 1130 flow well but around noon it' s full blown freeway action! In fact there might be some road kill in there based on some of the looks on that last steam cart.. Me and 3 others who were feeling my pain ordered 14, count them, 14 different dishes. One of my friends is from Georgia and had never had dim sum but he is so courageous and unflinching that he was just a blast. Just the shot in the arm to get me out of my funk. I remember the first time I had dim sum.. my eyes wide open, nostrils flared and excited to see what was under the next steamer lid. That was him today.. one exciting thing after the next.. he was even willing to try chicken feet but this is one of those dishes not done very well here. My friend took me back to a time where I was younger and less experienced. He looked up to me to guide him through the noodles, bao and sui mai.. like a big brother.. I'm privileged that I could show him something new and exciting and he was so into it! So instead of feeling sorry for myself I felt experienced and useful.. that there is something I can give back to others.. that its not all about me and me aging but about what can be shared with others.There is so much more to do, give and feel in this short time we are here.. and Ill do it to, one bite at a time.
2	We drove from Ohio to California in 2 days last year. We heard some good stuffs about Phoenix's Chinatown, so we decided to reroute and check it out.  The GPS took us to the Chinese Culture Center where Golden Buddha's at. We got there a little early around 10... I know they don't open till 10:30... so we waited until they let us in. Hmmm... this Chinatown is really small. A supermarket, couple of restaurants.. and that's it?!Anyways...nice decorations and all... but the service was horrible. We sat for 20 minutes before a cart came by. It was just fried food and desserts. We asked them where's the har gaow,siu mai and chicken feet?! They told us t o wait another 20 minutes. No one came to refill the hot tea either. If they were busy... I could understand. but... errr... there were only 2 tables. The Dim sum was average. If I live in Phoenix... I would probably just drive to LA.
2	Been back maybe a half dozen times since I wrote the review. Gets worse every time (service, food, all of it). Dim sum trendline is down at the GB!
4	For those who gave this place low marks, forgive me. I really like this place. Now I haven't tried various dim sum places so I'm reserving the right to downgrade the place as needed. The variety of food is plentiful, and the carts just keep on coming. I love the steamed pork buns, and the shiu mai (not sure if I spelled that correctly). Yesterday, my favorite pick was the deep fried rolls of taro and shrimp. YUM! I have never ordered from their menu so I can only talk about their dim sum. My friends and I try to go eat dim sum almost every Sunday. It's a cheap way to try new foods, and if you don't like it, well.. you can get away with pushing it aside with minimal guilt. Give it a try! You might be surprised.
3	"Great variety of dim-sum, very crowded Chinese restaurant and good price! 3/5I have been to Golden Buddha for at least a dozen times in the past 3 years. I have mix feeling about it... it is NOT CONSISTENT in its food quality and service. Most of time we had very good selection in dim-sum and the food was just good. After a few times of trial and error, we figured that you need to go there on the weekends. They usually have fresh and better selection of dim-sum during the weekends and the service is faster. Yes, you might need to wait for a bit but it's worth your money. :) We will definitely go back there for some more dim-sum!
4	Nestled in the strip mall cleverly disguised as Phoenix's Chinese Cultural Center, this restaurant serves authentic Dim-Sum during lunch time seven days a week.Now, you have to understand that, my mother being chinese and having grown up near L.A. I spent most of my childhood weekends in Chinatown. I know what it is to go to Dim-Sum on a weekend amidst a shouting hoard of Chinese people who all sound like they are arguing, but are really just having polite conversation. That being said, I've never been to this restaurant on a weekend, and probably wouldn't recommend it unless you are already hard-of-hearing.Anyway. This place is the most authentic Chinese restaurant I've seen outside of L.A. They have several carts circulating throughout the dining area from which you can select from a wide array of various Chinese fare. It's sort of like a Chinese appetizer buffet. However, keep in mind that you pay for each dish, and some are more expensive than others. From what I could tell, the prices for each dish range from about $3 to $7 and up. You can select from Shark Fin dumplings (very tasty) to Spring Rolls to Chicken buns to Chicken Feet (this, I don't recommend) and so on and so forth. I don't know the name of my favorite dish (I never did learn Chinese), but it comes on an oblong plate and the best way I can describe it is a rice roll with meat inside. I heartily recommend the shrimp or BBQ pork. Many of the servers speak little or no English, so if they recognize you as a non-Asian they will simply smile and lift up all the lids for you to see what's inside the dishes they have available. So don't be afraid if you don't have a Chinese-speaking person with you. Be brave, try something new...
4	Pretty good Chinese food.... nothing phenomenal, but good.Good, tasty Cantonese style Chinese food.  They offer good portions for a fair price.  The price was a little higher than I am used to for dishes, but they tasted good and the portions were large.  I didn't go for dim-sum, just for lunch.
2	I love Dim Sum, my favorite Chinese dish.When Golden Buddha first open, they have excellent Dim sum. I went there many times, I tell my friend how good it is, But now,  they change cook, taste more like  week old left over. Rumor has it, they change cook every few month, so Quality of cooking change. (not sure if that is true, but that is what I was told.)My advice is; when you walk in the door and the place is pack, = Good Cook. if the place is bare = bad cook. leave immediately. don't waste your money.
4	My favorite place for Dim Sum! I have been going to Dim Sum since I was a kid with my Asian mom. I especially like this place because it serves alot of shrimp dishes, and thats what my family loves. I usually go on a sunday. It can be a long wait, but I never had to wait more than 20 minutes for a table. The grounds are fun, there are a few places to see..like the koi pond out back and the bridge and gardens. I have been to San Francisco's china town for dim sum and this beats it! The only thing is, sometimes you have to wait for something you like to come around, and by then it isnt as piping hot. Especially if your seated on the outskirts of the dining area.
5	love this place!!!!!dim sum!!!!I cant understand what the people selling the food are saying but I dont care because I just point and I say I want it and it's all yummy! I'm crazy about Dim Sum! But besides that there were tons of Asian people there eating with their whole families from grandparents to children and I was there with one of my Asian friends who loved the food too.
3	Do you want to eat Chinese Food in an elegant environment on a Friday night in Phoenix? Be entertained by classic, quiet standards being played live on a piano while you dine?Are you 50 years old and Caucasian?Then the Golden Buddha is the place for you! Its in the Chinese Cultural Center Mall on 44th, and a popular weekend spot for Dim Sum. For a DIm Sum starved Valley of the Sun, Golden Buddha's is decent. For dinner, though, it is awfully Americanized and not very authentic Chinese. But with a bunch of American customers coming for dinner, what do you expect? They probably think they are getting "real Chinese" food by going to the Chinese Mall, but then again, they are used to PF Chang's or Stix normally in their neighborhood, so this is a step up.The best thing about this place is the decor, which is clean and nice, with a Hong Kong Junk boat design covering the ceiling from the bar into the dining room. The next best thing is the Piano interludes on weekend nights. The service is next, which is a little overly eager to remove your plate, and the last thing is the food. They do give decent portions. I ordered Guo Teh (potstickers) and got 6 fat ones. But they weren't served with the usual soy, chili oil and vinegar, but a soy and green onions mixture. The Mapo Tofu was ok, as they used a nice silky tofu, which was nice, but no green onions, and sliced black mushrooms instead, which I like, but not in this dish.Come here for the ambiance and music in the evenings, or on the weekend days for Dim Sum.
4	Okay, so maybe it's not the best Dim Sum I've ever had, but it's sure as hell the best I've had in Phoenix.For the uninitiated, Dim Sum at the Golden Buddha is a collection of small dishes that each hold 3-4 servings. Order up anywhere from 3-8 dishes (depending on your appetite and size of party, of course) and share away. Pork is a common ingredient and there's even a nice tea that goes along with it.Go with someone who's been there before the first time or get ready to spend a little bit as you sample dishes. I've really never eaten anything bad there, although a few choices have been tough to chow down on.They open at 10:30 a.m. on Sundays, which is the only time I've been. There's been a line in the past, but not lately.
4	Let's see, over 50... check old white man...........check eats dinner ...............check listens to the piano  check wow this must be the place for me, I mean after all it is in a Chinese mall, no make that a Chinese Cultural Center. How could I possibly have discerning taste with such trickery to get me here to eat. Dude if you are going to rate a restaurant no need to degrade others with your arrogance. Fool is my review of wanugee N. Now on the restaurant. The last time we were here the food was not good, the piano was too loud and the waitress had a real attitude. IT won't keep me from going back as I have had good meals and wait service too. Back to wanugee N. I do not expect any place in Phx. to have authentic Chinese food, by that I mean the street food one finds in China. But I do expect what I fork in to my mouth is worth what I am going to fork over in cost. Even an old white guy like me can tell the difference between good and bad food. No matter what it is called.
4	went with my cuz for thanksgiving dinner.  (not a traditional turkey lover)Good times.  Really liked the decor.  Very trendy and modern.  Loved the piano player. I wish there were more bars like this around here.  Food was GREAT.  service was real good too.  I had dumplings and pork lomein and my cuz at a spicy veggie tofu dish.  He could not stop raving about it.  All in all we feasted with a few other dishes and spent about $75 total.  Well worth it and we have decided we will go back sooner than later.
1	If you are looking a chinese restaurant to host a big party look some other than the Golden Buddah.  I recently attended a banquet at the Golden Buddah and I was shocked at the level of quality of food and service.  Of the 10 dishes served 4 were nearly inedible.  There was a crab claw appetizer, most chinese restaurants prepare this dish by taking a crab claw surrounding it with ground shrimp, batter and then deep fry.  At Golden Buddah, the crab claw served was mostly batter.  The shark fin soup served was mostly broth.  Shark fin is an expensive ingredient and most places usually use imitation shark fin, but come on at least put something in there so that I know I'm eating soup and not dirty sink water.  Ginger scallion lobster is battered, fried, and then stir fried in a sauce with ginger and scallions.  The ginger scallion lobster served was over-cooked and dried out.  Lastly, there was a steamed fish.  The fish was raw in the middle.   It wasn't all bad, there was a crispy chicken with garlic dish that was pretty good, but out of 10 dishes 4 were bad, 5 were okay, and 1 was good.  Does 4 bad dishes out of 10 warrant a one star rating?  Well it does when you factor in the service.  The soup, appetizer, and first entree arrived timely, but after that there was a 1 hour gap before we received the next dish.  The dishes were not served with accompanying white rice which I thought was odd.  We had to ask for it, and even the rice took a while to arrive.
4	Went here with two other people for dinner. We started off with the shrimp egg rolls which were more like the thin fried spring rolls. The eggrolls and shrimp inside were tasty and not overly greasy at all. They were pretty small and came with two on a plate. The restaurant was very busy so service was a little slow and we actually enjoyed that our meals did not come out at the same time since we were sharing anyway. The first one to arrive was shrimp with walnuts. The shrimp had a sweet crisp coating and had some type of mayonaise/tarter type light sauce which I didn't care for but loved the taste of the shrimp without the sauce. They were nice and light. The shrimp came on top of crisp puffy rice noodles of a type (don't know what they are called). Slices of canned peaches came with it as well. The next two to arrive were the pan fried eggplant stuffed with minced shrimp with garlic sauce and vegetable lomein.  The eggplant stuffed with shrimp were very tasty.The shrimp in between the eggplant slices had a fried outside and inside were soft (not individual shrimp but minced shrimp combined into a sort of shrimp cake of sorts). The sauce was light but delicious and the eggplant were very soft. I really liked this dish though would probably get the vegetarian version without the shrimp next time.The vegetable lomein was delicious. Nice and light - not overly greasy at all and with a good amount of fresh vegetables. This was delicious as well. The pots of tea were nice as well.The price was about a little over $40 for three entrees, the eggrolls  and a pot of tea. Overall we very much enjoyed the meal and will definitely return.
4	As a person from Ohio who is used to eating meat and potatoes with the family.... this place totally rocks!  A good friend of mine is Chinese (and fluent by the way) and suggested we go here for a late Saturday lunch.  To be honest I have no idea exactly what I ate, I just asked what teh main ingredients were!  I tried so many different things that I would have never though to try.... a few things I didn't care for but overall super yummy!The whole restuarant is kind of like a bring it to you buffet.  Waiters come around with carts of goodies and you tell them what you want from their cart.  You are only charged for what you ask for and its very reasonable - our lunch was $30 together.Only downside is some of the waiters do not speak English, and you are charged for eveyrthing you ask for.  If I didn't have my friend explaining what everything was, my experience probably wouldn't have been so pleasant.
2	So my husband and I went here last night to get some takeout since I live like right across the street.  First of all, the lady asks us if we are ordering something for takeout, and we say yes, then she ran off.  I don't know if they were short waitresses that night and she was playing hostess and waitress or what was going on.  So then she comes back about 5 minutes later and asks us if we were ready to order and we say yes, then we got out half of our order and she runs off right in the middle of us asking her a question about something on the menu.  My husband was in mid sentence when she ran off, literally.  So finally we were able to recite our whole order to her.  We got two entrees and an order of shrimp fried rice and our total came to $42 dollars.  They were seafood entrees, but wow!  But I decided, if the food was good, then whatever.  We took the food home, it was barely seasoned and the shrimp fried rice was very greasy.  Needless to say, I was extremely disappointed with the service and the food.
3	I have eaten dim sum here a few times and the quality and selection depends on when you go. I have found that they have a better selection on the weekends. The only drawback is that you might have to fight the crowds. If you are OK with a slightly smaller selection then the middle of the week is for you. I ate there today and it was not that busy. It made for an enjoyable and relaxed lunch. The service was good and because it was not that busy she had time to chat with me. This restaurant is clean and had reasonable prices. I would have given another star but they didn't have a couple of items that I wanted.
4	This was my first dim sum experience so I didn't really know what to expect.  I went on a Sunday afternoon and the place was packed but my party of 2 was seated promptly.  A few minutes after being seated the carts started coming around with lots of interesting food selections.We were initially a bit flustered because we really had no idea what most of the food was or the price of it.  The carts came around pretty quickly and we were politely offered what they had.  The only problem is that the servers really don't speak very much English and we don't speak any Chinese, so it was difficult to know exactly what all the food on the cart was.  The place was noisy and filled with hungry people and we didn't want to complicate things by asking about every little thing, so we resorted to the "point at random stuff" method.  This worked well but I'm sure we missed out on some good food we didn't even know about.I am generally not too thrilled about the Chinese food here in Phoenix, but this place probably serves some of the most authentic.  There seemed to be tons of Asian customers there so I take that as a sign that the food is pretty good as well as authentic.At about $35 for 2 people it was a bit pricey for lunch, but well worth it because it was a very unique experience coupled with excellent food.  I would like to go back soon now that I know what to expect.  I also hear the food off the menu is excellent so I would like to return to give it a shot.
5	Okay, the staff here is so entertaining, they have great sake and drinks, and live cheesy piano music. plus, the food comes out in like 2 mins. All of this is perfect when people arrive in from the airport on eastern time and they need a fun place with quick service. YAY! It helps that they are right down the street from us and have every kinda chicken you'd like to eat. In addition is also fun to go to the Ranch Market, or stroll in the garden.
3	Their American menu is pretty so-so...not impressed.  Most people order the American Chinese menu for food here.  But for the families that come in (Chinese and otherwise) they know to get the Dim Sum, its very delicious with real Chinese options for those that dare to eat real Chinese food.This is probably one of the best options for Dim Dum in the valley, though the place on 35th Ave and Camelback is pretty good too - but I'm not giving either of them rave reviews.
4	The very first time I went to Golden Buddha was with my BFF and it was our first dim sum experience. Little did I know this would forever change my life and eating experiences. Although I must admit that first time was a bit awkward.GB wisely takes reservations which was wonderful (even though it wasn't crazy busy). Our assorted dim sum plates were flavorful and fresh. And the carts seemed to be in constant rotation so we were never too far from a good selection.What really helps GB is its location. The Cofco Center is an experience in itself, where one can have herbs specially blended, select a fresh member of marine life to take home and cook or browse through a store with one of the largest selections of Buddhas and hand fans I've experienced outside of San Francisco.
3	So I was referred to this place from the front desk of my hotel. I'm from SF so I'm coming from a place with really good chinese food. The dim sum is just "ok" nothing for me to write home about. The one dish that I really liked was the chinese broccoli cooked with garlic sauce. Yum yum yum.  It's in a big bowl, not oily, not saucy, just really good. I think it's $7.50.  It's a somewhat pricey and just like all chinese restaurants, it's not the cleanest.  The chair was filthy.  the dishes weren't all that great.  I wouldn't go back unless I want the chinese broccoli.  So I went on a Sunday and it was not crowded at all. There's not a huge asian population  in Phoenix (not that I could tell) so I don't think there's a high demand for dim sum.  And also, I sooooooo felt like taking a pic of this, but a Mexican lady was pushing one of the dim sum carts. That is unheard of in SF.  This is a mainly mandarin restaurant and the dim sum places I go are usually cantonese.  Not a big deal though since the dishes look the same. Dude, there was a turtle in the fish tank that I saw as I left.  I hope they don't eat that!
4	Ameerah A. recently opened my eye and stomach to the delicious treat of dim sum at the Golden Buddha. I have been wanting to try the restaurants in COFCO for the longest time. The dim sum gals push carts around the floor and you get to pick and choose to your heart and stomachs content. It was super delicious, but for 3 people we got a $36 bill, and that isn't cool. I had heard how cheap this place was for dim sum so I was disappointed. I have gone back twice because there are always more unique things to try, but I am more careful about what I order so I don't walk out spending that kind of money on veggies and noodles.If you are going for dim sum, go before 3 PM.
5	This place in the Chinese Cultural Center has a very pretty and elegant bar area. I was pleased to learn that they had some very reasonable and delicious happy hour snacks. This is a good place for a Pina Colada. I had one by myself along with some dumplings and fried shrimp appetizer. Sadly I never brought anyone else here with me. It was happy hour heaven but you know? A lot of my friends in AZ pretty much hang out in one neighborhood or another and nobody I know really lives close to the Buddha.The airport is pretty close by. This might be a good pre-flight send-off location.
5	I have had dim sum in New Orleans and Phoenix (not SF), and this is about equal to the best of New Orleans as far as flavor.As for ambiance, today was a good day. I've had dim sum here about a dozen times, and have had very good service and quality 90% of the time, including weekends. I have had bad days here, but since today was good, I'll rate accordingly. It's closer to a 4.5, but since I can't give half-stars, I rounded up.Don't expect me to give these the right names, but... I was less than impressed with the bbq pork balls. They tasted too much like honey and the beef was minimal. The bbq sauce tasted bottled. Outside of that, their herbal hot tea is delicious even on a hot day.The shu mai were very good, and the shrimp in a spinach dumpling was fantastic. A definite don't miss is their sticky rice in lotus leaf. It's among the best I've had anywhere. Just be careful; you'll find bones in it every once in a while. Go for any of their steamed dumplings; they're very flavorful. As others have said, I love the Chinese broccoli, but you'll only find it on the carts on weekends. Otherwise order it off the menu.Today (11:30 lunch) the carts came around often, and everything except the pork buns was piping hot and fresh. By the way, despite the price increases, even the sticky rice was considered a medium size entree, and the two of us eating there escaped with a bill under $20 and we were done in under 30 minutes.I strongly recommend the dim sum here, whether you've had it a million times or have never had it before. You usually won't be disappointed.
2	A friend told me this was one of the only places to get good dim sum in Phoenix.  Being from SF, I was a bit wary about Arizonian dim sum, but gave it a shot.This place is fancy schmancy in comparison to the hole in the walls where I typically get my dim sum.  They even have a poor little turtle kept in a narrow waterway, where he can barely turn around.Anyway, the dim sum was edible, but nothing excellent.  It seemed like they only had 4 or 5 carts total and never switched up the food, just came around again and again offering the same options.  The BBQ pork bun was good, but everything else was just ok.  Not too expensive, but I think I'll hold off on dim sum in AZ next time.
4	If you like dim sum and want to eat within a classy atmosphere...this is it.  Pricey, but worth it for the ambience.  Good to bring friends and family.  Have only tried dim sum -- 7 days a week.
4	we have had dim sum at this place on a monday  and i thought it was good we went yesterday (sunday) and it was fabu spicy seaweed was delicous shrimp balls yummy everything was tasty service was great as well
3	The rating should probably be closer to 3.5 stars.  This was my first dim sum experience in Arizona.  I have had Chinese cuisine one other time at ACE in Mesa and it was ordinary.  The dim sum was decent but definitely does not compare to the culinary Bay Area!!!!  With that said, it does the trick if you are out here.The wait staff was extremely friendly and there was a good variety of items to choose from.  Biggest plus it was reasonably price, well compared to the Bay Area.  7 dishes for $26 including tip.  I would come back.
3	Every thanksgiving my family likes to come here because we can get the private banquet rooms for our large family. The problem is that the food is not that special. We always get great service and they are very accommodating just wish the food had more flavor.The kung pao beef should have at least one chili pepper in it - none!The half chicken, while very crispy, was desert dry.Even though this place has private rooms, I am going to have to suggest a better place for the food.
4	Dim sum and dim sum more!They offer dim sum everyday from 11 am to 2 pm! Even when I come here for lunch, I always have to save room for the bbq pork honey buns and pork shu mai. I love coming here on the weekends with friends/family but be prepared if you do because there is usually a wait to get in and to get food. I just like being around the super busy restaurant and all these steaming hot carts are rolling around everywhere!There is one lady that is really aggressive with her cart. I love it! I can't understand what she is trying to sell me but I always try it because she is so nice and enthusiastic. If you have never tried dim sum, don't be afraid to ask to see what's in each cart because you will not be able to understand what they are saying. They have hired some college kids on the weekend who do speak English but in order to enjoy dim sum you have to be exposed to a lil Asian lady saying something like "poke shlimp dumpring" and then feel compelled to try it.Here are some of my recommendations:- roasted duck- calamari- Chinese broccoli- pork shu mai- bbq honey buns- custard pies- rice cakes- fresh tofu with ginger syrup- shrimp dumpling- salted prawns
4	OH YES! It's hard to find these restaurants in Arizona.  There are 3 signs of good Chinese food. 1. Washed out pictures of their food.  Reason: Word of mouth keeps the place going.  They haven't taken pics of their food since they opened cause it's that damn good!2. A collaboration of tacky golden items.  This place has the Buddah.  3.  A huge a** fish tank of exotic fish.  YESSS!Oh but this place is classy; it has a piano, and a 24 hour player! I don't know about the dim sum...I was there for actual food.  Everything was so good, only drawback was the check :0! Worth the 60 bucks!  can't complain though, I took half of it home.
4	Golden Buddha is my number one choice for dim sum in Maricopa County.  There are actually several dim sum alternatives in the valley, and I've tried two for comparison.  This is a lovely restaurant, with a nautical theme. It is NOT gaudy, tacky or overdone.   My super-spicy friend, who works in construction, remarked on the beauty of the natural woodwork (the bar counter is subtly shaped like a to-scale sized long boat), clean marble floors, and well laid out dining areas and private banquet rooms.  I like the huge picture windows, natural lighting and view of a beautiful Asian garden (part of the Chinese Cultural Center complex).  In fact, I'd suggest a walk through the garden either before or after eating.  . I'm not very adventurous, I always get har gow (steamed shrimp in a delicate rice skin wrapper), char siew bao (steamed buns filled with very tender tasty BBQ pork cubes), cooked greens in light brown gravy (I think they are Chinese broccoli or rapeseed, look like long thin stalks of broccoli, very fresh and green), shu mai (dainty dumplings filled with chopped meat and a bit of carrot) and stir-fry vermicelli (semolina-type, not rice noodles).  The filled folded flat noodles (these ones ARE rice!) are velvety and prepared correctly, but too bland and slippery for me personally. My spicy friend has tried most everything else, says these dishes are good: short spare ribs, fried turnip/ radish squares, lean sliver-sliced pork, crispy spring rolls, flavored riced with minced meat and vegetables under glass bowl, tripe bowl, rice wrapped in a big leaf, and sweet custard mini-pastries.  Pass on the coconut-flavored gelatin dessert, hot dog wrapped in light  pastry (note that most kids like that one) and chicken feet.  He says China King does Chicken feet better, breaded and crisp. GB's are chewy and not a good value.The waitstaff don't all speak the best English, but that is the case at many restaurants. While they may seem brusque, I've never had any problem getting what I want. The maitre'd IS fluent in English, as well as friendly and helpful.Important caveat: this review pertains to dim sum on Saturday and Sunday ONLY!  Monday through Friday, it is a pale shadow of its weekend self, although ordering from the menu might be just fine.  Note too that dim sum is served, or rather trundled by on carts, from 11am to 2pm only.  I'd suggest arriving around 11:30am or noon.  Although it will be crowded, there will be the most variety of dim sum choices.  Final comment: I haven't ordered from the menu, but my mother gets those old stand-bys, Moo Gai Pan and Wor Wonton Noodle soup, and both are decent.
1	First of all, I visited this place many times in the past many years. They used to be a great place to have dim sum. I was never so disappointed like this. We walked in today (Saturday at 12:24PM) and was wondering where the customers are. Saturday is usually the most busy day for every dim sum places. The restaurant is pretty empty out. We sat down and order 5 dishes. That's where the problem came. I don't like to be treated like moron. Why there is 6 dishes marked on the sheet? We kindly asked manager to check it out. Long story short, they turn into deny mode. And finally removed the extra marked item we never ordered without offering any apology and sorry. Mistake does happen, but don't pretend that you don't know it. Admit it. The portion of the dishes are also shrinking. With the price and services, I can find better dim sum place. Yes. I am really picky on the food quality and service. Fool me once is enough. I will suggest everyone to pay attention on the bill. Always count how many items you ordered and how many are marked on the bill. I have post pictures as well.
4	My husband and I went there Saturday, the service was great!  Our friends were going to be late so they told us to start.  And start we did!They were serving Dim Sum, something we had never tried, so glad we did, it was wonderful, hubby wouldn't do the chicken feet, but I think next time I will, it looked very good.Our friends showed up and ordered their food, and ate all of it, they said that usually they take food home, but it was so good they had to eat all of it!We will be going back very soon!
4	I've been to the Golden Buddha on several occasions and it is my favorite, by far, for honest Chinese food. While I've sampled everything from their vegetarian to their beef, I love their mandarin chicken. More recently, I was delighted to relive the wonders of their Kung Pao Chicken and Beef with Broccoli. I absolutely love the egg drop soup and mini crab rangoons that come with the meal.
4	I've been here twice so far, both times for dim sum, and both times I've gone home happy, visions of pork buns dancing in my head. I'm glad that my first trip was with a regular, or I wouldn't have known what to order. In fact, my only complaint is that the servers offer only a breif description, and there is no printout with what is offered on each cart. Other than that it's a fun and inexpensive way for you and your friends to try something new.
3	I had the curry chicken. It wasn't as spicy as I would have expected and the portion was a little small. Great environment.
3	I took a group of friends here and relatives other times. The place is consistently good for Dim-sum during lunch. It is typical Chinese and nothing fancy.What helps this place is the moat scenery.  3 stars for visiting here based on convenience since there are similar places in town.
5	A gem for Chinese food when you're in Phoenix, man. It's authentic and even offers entertainment each and every evening: live piano! Yes, there's an American guy who plays from a book of songs each night. Feel free to tip him if you'd like; he plays well! The food's definitely good here. Our table had the Fu-Gwa (bitter melon) with beef, suculent lobster for $25, spinach with garlic, Soy Sauce Chicken and XO squid with lettuce. Good stuff! Staff's accomodating and there's a Western feel to this place. Welcoming environment indeed! Would definitely come back for seconds!
4	I like Golden Buddha, have taken many friends there for Dim Sum.  Try not to "hit" the dumpling cart to heavy; otherwise cannot finish it to the dessert cart (LOL).Love the jasmine tea and the staff willing to help you if you do not understand the what each item is.Singapore Rice Noodles a favorite, along with any of the shrimp dumplings; also the broccoli and green beans.Only wish that the carts with eggplant stuffed with shrimp or green peppers with shrimp were not on "heated" carts; by the time it gets to you the food is cold.Only concern is that went on 22MAY2010 at 1:30PM; there was a closed sign due to electricity???REVISED: 26MAY2010 - called this evening - looks like they are back open again.
4	I very much enjoyed eating here. Food was great. Fairly fast service. Wasn't expensive either for the 4 of us.
2	I really wanted to like you Golden Buddha... and not that I didn't enjoy the food (because I enjoyed the hell out of the food), but I have to give you two stars for the service. It's really a shame because we had about three or four people wait on us since we were a fairly large party and they all were really nice. But one guy messed it up for everyone. Long story short we were gathering the money for the bill, but we didn't want to leave the tip on the table until we were getting ready to leave...however, this guy was really insistent that we give him the tip now. Slighty put off, but still being polite we wanted to make sure we left an appropriate tip - yet he stood there almost demanding that we give him the tip now. *sighAnyway, if it wasn't for the awful waiter at the end I probably would have given this place four stars.
2	well i dont know whats up with the gb we have gone to this place at least a dozen times every visit but one time on a sunday has pretty much been average this last sunday was a hugh dis appointment. gb get your sh%$t together
4	The best to be found in land locked Arizona.  My favorite sticky rice is here.  They have dim sum every day, but not a huge selection, though you can order off the menu.  I think it is much bigger on the weekends.  I'm just happy I can get my fix 7 days a week.  Beautiful gardens to walk through, with fish ponds, and a 99 market next door!
2	Who doesn't enjoy a lazy Sunday morning? I love spending time leisurely reading the Sunday news while getting caught up on a weeks worth of cooking shows. After a few hours hunger finally sets in and its time to find something cheap and easy. While that might sound more like a lifestyle choice than a way of eating, cheap and easy to me means dim sum, and lots of it. With a fistful of cash and my growing appetite I head over to my default dim sum house, Golden Buddha. Located in the Chinese Cultural Center, Golden Buddha has been pushing carts every weekend for the past few years. Over those years they've become a destination for steamy delights and have built quite a following with groups usually packing the lobby. Here's some advice, for a lesser selection with no waiting, go early. If you want more selection and don't mind the wait, go after noon. Ranging in price from $2.35-$6.50, Golden Buddha pretty much offers mainstream selections from dumplings and chicken feet to rice and noodles. Most of the cart pushers don't speak much English but know this; most items are either made with pork or shrimp. Within minutes of being sat the first smiling server rolls up her cart and begins pimping her wares. As she lifts the steel lid from the first steam basket, the mist dissipates to reveal 3 white fluffy hidden treasures beneath. Know as char siu bao, or steamed BBQ pork buns, these are pretty standard for any dim sum brunch. Pulling apart one of the doughy pillows reveals its sweet porky center, add some chile oil for added depth. Probably the most typical offering is the pork dumplings or sui mai, a wonton wrapper filled with ground pork and black mushrooms. These meaty bites have an enjoyable earthiness that left me wanting to ask for another basket.The next cart to come along is absolutely filled with fried items. I love the crispy crunch of egg rolls and while the GB version was crisp, the inside was filled with oil that tasted like last nights fish. After only a single bite the rest remained untouched. Seemingly fried in the same oil, the salt and pepper shrimp were not only super fishy but the shells were also left on. Shell on shrimp isn't usually a problem when the shrimp in question is cooked really well. Not the case with these, they were ruined before they even hit the table, greasy and salty.On a lighter note, wrapped in translucent rice paper, the spring rolls were large, filled with chewy rice noodles and 3 plump shrimp, unfortunately these were also flavorless. A new one for me was the Zhaliang, a long tubular Chinese doughnut that is tightly cocooned in a sheet of rice noodle. The end result is more about texture than bold flavor; I can see how so many people seek these out for breakfast being chewy and crispy at the same time. Dim sum brunch isn't complete without at least one Chinese dessert. Pointing at a plate of pineapple buns or bo lo yau from the dessert cart, these pastries actually contain no pineapple. Instead the name refers to its crunchy checkered top crust. Inside the bun you'll get a sweet surprise of satisfyingly sweet custard filling.While I left satisfied, overall Golden Buddha doesn't quite have the chops they used to, but in a pinch or on a lazy Sunday morning, they'll do just fine.
2	Can't say that I was very impressed. Came for dinner in a hopeful and enthusiastic mood since the reviews have been pretty good, but I don't think this place lives up to its current good, but declining rating.Ordered the Combo fried rice (shrimp, chicken, beef, pork), sesame chicken, and garlic fried chicken. The combo fried rice was pretty good, but ended up drinking about 6 glasses of water due to the MSG and sodium content. You'd think that the cook spent his better years in the French Foreign Legion in the Sahara eating salt tablets and developed a taste for them. The sesame chicken had a good flavor and a thick brown sweet sauce. I liked it a lot until it got cool and the sauce looked (with that stringy consistency) more like glue. You think I'm kidding? I'm not.Garlic fried chicken was bad. Just bad. It was like an over roasted dried out half chicken with some dried garlic pieces sprinkled on top. No spices, no flavor, no good. We then got all kinds of lip from the waitress when we asked if they could change the channel on the TV from college football, to the Suns game. They made it into this big deal that the "customers" wanted to see the football game. Yeah right, it was University of West Virginia Vs. University of Connecticut! I would have believed it if it was a local team....It's better than a 1 star joint, but only because it's borderline edible. To be avoided.
4	3rd visitShrimp and scallops with special sauce.Thankfully the special sauce was not from Mickey Ds.All flavorfull, vegetables nice and fresh and crispy.One of the most energetic and happy waitresses I have seen without being overbearing.Will return.Up from 3 stars.  Consistent very good food.2nd visit.Food was ok.  Asked for medium spicy and it was spot on.Hot plate scallops and shrimp with black bean sauce.Flavor good but not great.Average review.  Remember, what average means.Half of your sons and daughters are above average.Alas, one-half are below average.In food, I  still enjoy average.
2	I always tease and joke telling people - Chinese people don't go to church, we go to Dim Sum on Sundays -- am I so wrong?  Regardless, Golden Buddha is an okay restaurant with decent service.  I wonder if the hostess ever smiles (and along the way bring people to their tables with a more welcoming attitude - for you Jay!)  Needless, to say you've made it pass the 1st round.  The waiting staff is quite attentive for a dim sum joint.  The food is alright - not enough MSG! :) Haha okay, I know we can't complain about that.  As for the ambience, it's pretty nice and clean compared to a lot Dim Sum places I've experience, but really some poop-hole Dim Sum places are the best. - Enjoy!
2	This restaurant is located in the Chinese Cultural Center and was the one restaurant that I had not been to. So after some shopping at one of the shops, we stepped in to have dinner.We stepped in and asked for a seat for two. We were seated immediately. The place was decorated nicely and a lady playing the piano made for great ambiance.We looked at the menu briefly and ordered our drinks, an appetizer, a soup and two main dishes. The drinks came out promptly and so did the rest of the meal. My goodness everything we ordered was very tasty.The waiter service itself however was not even close to the decor and food. He never introduced himself, and although he took our order, our food itself was brought out by a kitchen person.After we ordered our waiter really never came back asking if we needed anything else, except to give us our check at the end and that was after the person I was dining with got up and asked a different waiter for it.It's amazing how a place with great food, decor, and ambiance can mess it all up by crappy waiter service.
3	Food=good. fairly priced.Ambiance= this is where you lost a star from me. your elderly piano player lady insulted my sister by making a snide comment about my four-year-old nephew. He's a kid for crying out loud.you shouldn't place us near the piano lady when you know there are kids around. she didn't seem to like my nephew. I also didn't appreciate her glaring (with what seemed to be a death stare) at us all the time while we were there.I'd like to try your dim sum as long as the piano player lady isn't there.
2	You should know that I am not a fan of Chinese food. With that being said the food was okay. We got the vegetable lomein and the shrimp in lobster sauce. Lomein was ok shrimp not so much. Would I go back again? nah. I did like the ambiance though. The music was great, the service was great, and it was clean, etc.
2	food's mediocre for dinner.I kind of enjoyed doing dim sum here though.My man is an ABC (American Born Chinese) and he thought the food was meh.
3	A Premier Chinese Atmosphere,The Chinese cultural center and Asian Garden produces an Asain atmosphere that can be recognized from the 202.   With Dim Sum served this location earns its respect from the local community.Dim Sum tip,  You have to be smart with the Dim Sum ladies they look nice innocent but they are professional sales people that will sell you more dishes than you need before you know what to do.  I love the desserts here ask the server to see the dessert tray.
5	Went to Golden Buddha today for Dim Sum and it was awesome! I had not been in quite a while and I was very impressed with the quality of the food. I had some calamari from the cart and it was so crispy and delish, better than ever! I also tried the the special of the day, Alligator in black bean sauce, was awesome! Mixed in some shrimp dumplings, egg rolls, Chinese broccoli, and hidden rice. Service was great also, my date was very impressed and we will be coming back here again often!
3	Went here with a friend for dim sum.  Since leaving Nor. Cal. I've been craving dim sum, and after seeing all the yelp reviews, thought it was worth a try.It was OK.  That's sort of the most I can say.  The selection was decent. We had shrimp noodles, which were well seasoned and had good texture, but the pork dumplings, steamed pork buns, and egg rolls were relatively bland. The sticky rice in banana leaf was just okay too - it had three different kinds of meat, all of which were seasoned differently. There were no vegetables available during the week, except if ordered from the menu.  I would have liked a better selection of dim sum choices.That being said, the wait staff was very friendly and not pushy at all - though if you aren't good at saying no, I can see where you might end up with more dim sum than you can eat.  The prices were very reasonable.
4	I'm giving Golden Buddha four stars because they serve solid dim sum that is as good as I can find in the Valley.  I brought my parents here when they terrorized *ahem* I mean visited me a few weeks ago.  My parents were surprised that it wasn't too expensive and were happy, although not impressed, with the dishes.  This place is a MILLION times better than C-Fu, where they add a disturbing amount of food coloring to their chicken feet.  Also, I want to give a shout-out.  There is a waitress here with long hair who is exceptionally helpful when you are looking for a particular dish to eat.  She always goes out of her way for me to find the right cart, or grabs the food straight from the kitchen in a timely manner.  Thank you, long-haired waitress, for that! :)
2	Not impressed with this place at all. This was not the friendliest place around, maybe because of the language barrier (most or all were clearly native Chinese speakers), or maybe just the attitude of the employees.I ordered the sweet and sour chicken lunch, which came with the typical egg drop soup, crab rangoon, and egg roll. The soup was ok - maybe it's just me, but I prefer a real spoon to the scoop that they gave me. The egg roll was tiny and not that great, and the crab rangoon was ok, but maybe a little undercooked. The chicken wasn't bad, but nothing special, as was the rice and other stuff on the plate.Overall, this was just not my kind of Chinese place.
4	I work across the street from this restaurant, and since my short stint at my job at the end of Feb, I've been here twice!They are known for dim sum, but I found their almond chicken lunch special is my choice here, for the time being.  And the service is quick! Seriously, I placed my order, and moments later was handed the soup, {Wonton} and a minute later the meal with appetizers {crab puff and spring roll}! I cannot wait to experience the dim sum, but for a quick lunch, this place works for me on so many levels! With dim sum, I feel a lazy day not pressed with time will be the perfect time to experience what they are known for, but I enjoy what they offer the quick paced lunch hour folk!
5	Great Chinese food.  Probably the best in Phoenix area.  Try it for lunch and dinner.
5	Great dim sum outstandin food and service. Very authentic
4	Big decision...Golden Buddha that looks VERY inviting, or Szechwan that looks like a regular restaraunt??? Went with Golden Buddha...food was amazing, service was horrible! I had to say excuse me..excuse me..  a few times to get someone over to even take my drink order after 15 min. Only the person at the front door was friendly, the rest of the staff had NO personality at all, and seemed "put out" that I added soup to my order after I ordered my entree. The people next to us left their seats to go sit at bar.I will return again but just head to the great bar!!
3	Went there on Saturday for early lunch.  My wife did the dim sum, it was okay, we were both disgusted by the sugar cane shrimp; but the rest was good.  I ordered the chicken szechwuan, the waitress warned me it was "spicy" the reason I ordered it.  It came out delicious, but not what I would call spicy.  Overall its hard to find good Chinese in the valley and I would call this good without hesitation.
1	We drove over 50 miles to eat here.  Sadly, it is the most astonishingly horrible food I think that we have ever eaten (not just Chinese).  The fried rice was simply the worst we've ever had and we COULD NOT eat it!  We were there Sunday for dim sun.  We couldn't even eat the food, paid, left and went elsewhere to eat.  Being raised in Chicago & eating in Chinatown there in San Francisco, Sacramento & Boston, I cannot EVEN imagine these restaurant owners have are thinking.
4	i like the lo mein selections.the piano player on weekend nights is delightful.make sure you get a discount on www.restaurant.com. $45 worth of food for $20.tourists:lots of photo ops in the chinese cultural center and the koi pond outside!
4	Came out to Pheonix for a business trip and this was the favorite of the locals for Chinese food.Came here around 1:30pm for dim sum, I believe dim sum goes till 3pm!Their dim sum was pretty good, they have all the traditional dim sum food that a local place in Southern California would have. I must say, boy! The drinks they serve are huge! Has to be like a 20oz Coke! Service was great and food was pretty great! Will visit here the next time I'm in Phoenix again!
4	I'm originally from Hong Kong so I can tell you from personal experience that this is as authentic as you can get for a Hong Kong cafe style restaurant.  The foods tasty too, but it's only good value if you're there for the lunchtime menu or the dim sum. But, if you're in a business situation and want to dine some out of town guests...I'd recommend this for lunch or dinner without hesitation. They even have private dining rooms if you want them.
2	Went to this place with family for a birthday party and tried various items from the menu.  Wasn't impressed with the food and the quality of the items.  I've had better and will not be back since there are better places to dine at in the valley.  Sorry for being kind of harsh but I am only being real.
3	Situated in the Chinese Cultural Center near the SkyHarbor Airport, this was another pleasant find. All I had was the Dim Sum menu, and I would say this is the best you're gonna get in Phoenix. Still worth the stop to get your Dim Sum fix. The cart ladies were pleasant and very happy to converse with me in Cantonese. Only downside was the chicken sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaves, naw mei gai, was way overcooked, and mushy.
2	Great shrimp rolls, Average crab rangoon, horrible sesame chicken! Will go back to try dim sum though.
4	Been here twice, love to stop buy and get some dinner. The environment is really nice and there's someone even there to play live piano! The service is par but the place makes up with its food, absolutely love the BBQ Pork appetizers, one thing i can't shut up about is the tea, it is pure amazing. The next time I go, I definitely want to try out the lobster or duck, which is what they are known for from what I've heard.
4	I love chinese food and I wish I could eat it all the time, but then I would be like 600 lbs.  They have a great dim sum...its a great deal...and I really enjoy their dumplings.  They have great lunch specials which include soup, wonton, egg roll, fried rice and your entree.  I really like their mongolian beef, general tsao (spelling) chicken, and sesame chicken.  The food is good and so not good for you!  I come here every now in then with my coworkers and I have enjoyed it everytime.  They have really good lo mein too!  They are so quick too!  We ordered and like 3 minutes later our food is out!  The restaurant is clean...and its a pretty big space.  They have an aquarium and an open pool with turtles so my son has thought that is the best part!  I love to be able to get in and out especially if I am in a hurry!  It is a good place!
1	Came here with my family on a Friday night and the place was empty... not a good sign.  We had a restaurant.com certificate which we had printed that day.  The manager refused to honor the certificate saying that they were no longer a participating location.  Not sure where the mix up was, but we were not going to eat at a place with no one else.  Hope this saves someone a trip if they were planning on using a restaurant.com certificate- don't waste your time.
4	Since moving here, I've been to 3 locations with Dim Sum and Golden Buddha has the Best Dim Sum  in the Valley. I tried the Phoenix Palace Buffet and wasn't impressed. C-Fu Gourmet was alright. I've been to Golden Buddha twice now, LOVE IT. Last Sunday, I ordered 2 Shu Mai's (pork dumplings) 1 order of Shrimp Dumplings, 1 order of Shrimp Balls (crispy wontons wrapped around shrimp) and an order of the Noodles stuffed with Shrimp and the sauce poured over...My tab? Under $20 bucks...Impressive.Authentic as it gets.
4	I've been to Golden Buddha a few times and have not been disappointed. They have a LARGE selection of Dim Sum and if you're not careful you can get carried away.Try and get there early and you'll get the best and most fresh selection.Make sure you walk around the garden when you're done.
1	The place is aweful. We were taken to a table with food on the chair, on the floor around and the table is so dirty that you hands would stick to it. We went there for DimSum. It is the worst Dimsum in PHX. They had very little choices to start with and the food was COLD! People work there seemed unhappy for some reason. The management people are dressed fancier than other places, but they sure make you feel they don't want you to be there with their poker faces. We will never go back again.
1	If this place had zero stars I would have given them that ! Let me start off by saying I was so excited to read all great reviews so maybe I just came in on a off day? We walked in and were seated came over and asked if we wanted water or tea I guess they don't serve anything Else, Then we placed an order pork dumplings and sticky rice nasty! Then I asked if they served egg rolls they said they were out!!! they pushed their little carts around with hot plates that basically steam the food and is not fresh and what you get is soggy poor customer service we had to get up and look for someone to give us our tab so we could get the heck out of there are get some real food. It looked like it would be a great place for groups of people would not recommend if you are on mission for what you want and want to place an order but it could be a fun experience for some people.
2	Disappointing.  Mediocre at best.  I am staying at the Aloft hotel in phoenix and ordered some delivery. I ordered a couple american chinese food staples: general tso's chicken, dumplings and hot&sour soup.  Soup had zero flavor, dumplings tasted freezer burned and processed.  General tso chicken was ehh. A lot of good reviews on here so it must be for eat in and for their dim sum.  Don't order delivery, you will be left hungry and unsatisfied.
1	As you can see this place already has only three stars. I wish my one star contribution could be a negative 5 stars, but we all know that's not possible. This place has absolutely no respect for any of their customers. They say that they take pride in their customer service, but is robbing a customer of 30 dollar good service? The owner and manager completely ignored what I was trying to say and kept asking for the money that should have been discounted. It is their responsibility to deal with third party companies like restaurant.com on deals with their food, but no they simply told me to deal with it....WTF!?!? Is this serious? They just took an extra $30 on top of my already over priced food. Not to mention the waiters and waitresses paid no attention at all. This is no exception for any restaurant. WE the CUSTOMERS should always come first. Treating people like this eventually gets you're business shut down. STAND WITH ME YELP!!!!
1	First things first, no waiter was to be found about ten minutes later they gave us our water and left again! It wasn't even busy! There were only TWO dim sum carts floating around somewhere. Then our waiter finally came around and took our orders of lunch entrees. The food was not even that good as the reviews that are posted on here. When we came up to pay, the bill was super overpriced. I will not be returning here, I am better off eating at Great Wall Cuisine.
1	I will NEVER go there again.  I reserved a table for a group of 16 people for 5:00 PM on Christmas Eve .  The person on the phone ( I believe the manager) repeatedly asked me to call ahead and give him an accurate head count since he said they'd be swamped that day.  I followed up with him twice.  When the first couple of us arrived, we had menus shoved in our faces immediately and told we "Must order now.  Must order now" because they were going to be busy later on.  The place was practically empty.  As each person arrived, they were treated the same way. We rushed and placed our orders and then they brought out our checks WAY before we saw any sign of our food.  I have never in my life been treated so rudely by a restaurant.It was utter chaos when the food started coming out while everyone struggled to get the correct dish they ordered.  One person didn't get her food until we were all just about finished eating. One top of all that, the food wasn't even good.  I've had better Kung Pao Chicken at Panda Express!After being rushed through our meal, the place wasn't even half full by the time we left.  I thought being at the Cultural Center, this restaurant would be a sure thing but boy was I wrong.  Lovely way to spend Christmas Eve..
4	Dim Sum and then someDefinitely one of the best Dim Sum in Phoenix if not the best.  Only served during lunch.  Not good for romantic date, because of the noise of shuffling carts of food throughout your meal, but usually occurs during lunch time Dim Sum.  Good selection of steam dumplings and pork buns to crunchy deep fried shrimp balls. Don't miss the shrimp rice noodle.  Service is pleasant and friendly.  Cost is reasonable.   Ambiance is nice.  There is a baby grand piano, but only played at night for dinner.  It is comparable to California standards.  Good ROA (ratio of authenticity) about 60-70%. (#Chinese Patrons/#total Patrons).
4	I ate at Golden Buddha a few weeks ago.  We ate at the restaurant after a day at the zoo with our 4 year old and had a blast.  The piano bar played tunes for my daughter and the staff was more than accommodating.  The general tso chicken was better than anything I can get in Tucson.  The soup was chocked full of fresh, read FRESH, not canned, vegetables.  All in all, I was very satisfied with the meal and the service.  Plus the decor is very nice, clean and cheery. Eat at Golden Buddha.
1	We had not been here for a couple of years. The food used to be great. Not anymore. Bad service. Horrible food. When we complained to the manager that the egg rolls were cold, his response was yeah right they were made in the 1st batch earlier on. Well how about the food. Same response. The place was in shambles as well.
3	This place is a little difficult for me to review.  I was staying at the Hampton Inn across the street and this is the closest restaurant so off I went.I walked in and the owner or manager met me at the door and asked "how many"?I told him I wanted to order take out and handed me a menu and pointed to the waiting area which was covered in newspapers.  I chose to go to the bar, order a glass of wine, and peruse the menu.The drinks are expensive but I didn't think the food was.  Less than $10 for my Mongolian Chicken which came with white sticky rice and a fortune cookie.  When ordering I asked if I could have fried rice instead of white rice but was told "no".  Most places allow this for a nominal fee.Fine by me.  Give the white rice.  Food was prepared and their to-go boxes were a lot better than the standard white Chinese "to go" boxes.  They also included the plastic-ware, napkin, and soy sauce, which a lot of places forget.Looking around I found a whole lot of goodness along with a couple disappointments.  Most notably the newspaper strewn about and behind the bar, to the right were a lot of boxes stacked in an unsightly fashion.  I could have been a little more presentable in my opinion.I peeked into the dining room because I wanted to see if the piano music was piped in or live.  It was live which was very nice. Also, the dinning room looked very nice and cozy.As I was leaving the same man who greeted me upon entering made sure to wish me a good evening.  My initial impression of the man was that he was surly and testy but that's just how he comes off.The food was very good.  The Mongolian sauce was mixture of sweet with spice and the chicken and vegetables all tasted fresh.
1	I've been here many times...Mother's Day with family, dim sum with book club, etc. But I will not go back again.  I stopped in to ask the owner about a donation or reduced price for a class of under-privileged kids that I volunteer with.  His reaction was to scoff and shoo me out the door while handing me his card and saying I could email him.  He turned his back and headed off to the messy newspaper-strewn table he haunts between guests arrivals.  Maybe he's a community-minded business owner, but then again, maybe he's not.  I'll be dining elsewhere.
4	Take your friends!I say you should take your friends because it means that you get to try lots of dishes.Dim Sum is best experienced in a group large enough to have fun with your ordering. Two or three people means you either have to overeat or only get a few tastes... and that's not what you want.The crispy shrimp ball is fantastic, the leek dumplings bring a refreshing quality to savory... and the CHICKEN FEET are great. I don't want to eat a whole plate myself though.Your best bet at Golden Buddha is to eat with a large group, enjoy the tea and try as many plates as you can.
1	Being from Chicago, we are used to getting authentic Chinese food all the time.  But when we first starting spending a lot of time in Scottsdale/Phoenix, we found it a challenge to get authentic Chinese food.  We were excited to find the Golden Buddha and have made many trips over the years all the way from the Troon North area to get our fix.  However, service has declined to the point where it is no longer worth the aggravation.  We went there last night for Chinese New Year and will never go back.  Granted they were very busy because of a lot of large tables there, but waiting almost an hour to get our food is not acceptable under any circumstance!  45 mins. into our wait, the waitress came back (after we flagged her down to ask about our food) and said one of the dishes we ordered was not available....after 45 mins.!!!! What makes the whole experience an unforgivable one is that the manager/owner is so indifferent and never apologized or offered a discount off the bill...nothing.  When we left, the same manager was at the piano singing in Chinese. Huh?  Other than Nee House in Scottsdale, the search goes on for a restaurant that serves authentic Chinese food closer to home.
5	I don't really understand the poor reviews on this place.....maybe it depends on the day you go? We went on a Sunday, it was crazy busy, but service was great! (of course, my view of customer service is a little different then the rest... I used to live on an island where you were just happy to find what you were looking for, let alone expect good customer service) Anyways, our server was very sweet! Always had a smile on her face. The carts served us promplty and none of the food was cold. They always had whatever we wanted (I hate having to wait for the next cart).Now, as for the actual dim sum and food.......holy cow, to die for! So flavorful and fresh!! The broccoli makes you sing...and the wine noodles, make you cry. You leave with very weird mixed emotions, but mostly a happy belly full of yummy food.In my opinion, this is the best dim sum I have been able to find in Phx. I'm ditching my previous spot (Mekong Palace) and will be back to Golden Buddha when the dim sum monster strikes again!
5	The dim sum here is not the greatest I've ever had, but it is the very best Phoenix has to offer. We have tried every listing on Yelp, Best of, and Urban Spoon. We've tried every place recommended by friends and co-workers. This is as good as it gets.What gets this restaurant it's 5 star rating is the atmosphere, servers, and the Peking Duck. The duck is not prepared the traditional way (the way we do it at home), but it is still very tasty. Even my parents (who are purists) have to admit that the flavors and the textures work very well together. Plus, the way they prepare it at Golden Buddah is much faster so we don't end up waiting forever for the food.
3	not as much selection as i'm used to but there were some dishes that i really liked.  the pot stickers with veggies and the pork buns were delish.  i also ordered the salted shrimp that i would get again bu tthe pork ribs were something i'd skip.  there ribs didn't have any meet on them.  with 4 dishes it came out to about $16 so i thought well priced.
2	I agree with Crystal C., that the dim sum isn't the greatest I've ever had. In fact, I am not sure if the meal was so tasty that it was memorable. I do remember the "calamari" was not really calamari, like you would think. It was presented more like a sweet and sour pork (so calamari with LOTS of breading) without any sauce. As a result, the dish was dry and salty.The sticky rice was good (hard to mess up), the chicken feet were okay (needed more five spice powder), and the shumai was alright. The noodles were good, and I can see why the cart ran out after the first round. The diners were an equal mix of Asians and Americans. I would've preferred to see more Asians eating (as I am used to in a Chinatown and gives an indication of authenticity), but I do realize we're in Phoenix where the Asian population is not like San Francisco or Houston. The meal came to about $30 for two, including jasmine tea. The carts are loud because they are made out of metal and roll on tile. I am also not used to staff members shouting what they have in their cart, like a newspaper boy yelling "Extra! Extra!" Christmas music was playing after mid-January, so the atmosphere felt strange. Next time I visit the city, I probably will pass.
4	I love this place whether its for weekend dim sum or for a great dinner. I have been going to Golden Buddha for a few years now and while they did have a period where the food wasn't so great they definitely have stepped up their game. On the weekends  they have traditional dim sum, although you can still order off the lunch menu as well. I have been there several times just for dinner as well and I have to say they make my favorite dish, Mongolian Beef, just perfect. Some of our other favorites there are the walnut shrimp, string beans with XO sauce, Singapore rice noodles and lobster. The atmosphere is relaxed and the wait staff is always very friendly.
2	once again i had the hankering for some dim sum, time frame ,travel plans ect took me back to gb i guess i was thinking for some reason it would hit the spot...........NOT once again the food was mediocre as well as the selection of dishes sticky rice nowhere to be found this round shrimp dumplings fair other seafood choices in dumpling form fair as well, nothing i had made me say WOW THIS IS REALLY GOOD
2	Expensive and not worth the hypefor its prices I was not very impressed with the food. The atmosphere was almost like a fast food place. Very bright and flashy. Not the subdued atmosphere that one would expect from a classy restaurant. We had heard from a freind that it was supposed to be great food but we were part of a 14 person, multi-course feast where we had a little of 15 or so dishes and we were not impressed by most of the dishes. I think just about and Chinese place will do much better, even Panda Express.
2	Not very good and the bathrooms were very dirty (woman's). Had the Mongolian beef and general two with the house fried rice. No one could finish their plates. Not recommended.
2	Why oh why... I really like dimsum and I expect a very good dimsum from a very cool modern chinese restaurant that has piano player on weekend and lots of fishy tank but oh boyyyy.. it doesn't taste as good as restaurant settings. I still remember how it tasted better one year ago when I came to this place.. but oh well..
3	Decent dim sum, especially to be found in the middle of the desert. Sadly, the best food I've had in Phoenix.
3	I was more impressed by the restaurant's atmosphere than by the food. The layout felt unique and eating dinner with live piano music made up for the average-tasting food. The owner and staff are extremely friendly.
1	You walk into a Chinese restaurant on a Saturday afternoon for dim sum and you expect the place to be PACKED.  Well, walking in to a pretty much empty dining room, it's a VERY CLEAR SIGN.  But my friend insisted and I was very hesitant for good reasons.  Another indicator, the majority of the patrons were NON Asian.  Food: You walk in and you see carts of the food by the entrance to the dining room.  Umm, I thought dim sum should come right off the steamer and into the carts and they roll it around, not sitting around.  The dim sum was garbage.  It had the typical selection, but at minimum.  Service: It's ok.  But it doesn't make up for the horrible food.Bottom line: NO WAY!  Stay away!
3	This restaurant has a bit of an identity crisis. It is in the Chinese cultural center, but serves Japanese beer (Kirin on tap!) and the live piano music is American pop. We had to ask for chopsticks.Having said that, the service was professional. Our waiter held a hot appetizer for one of our party who was away from the table so that it would not be cold when he returned. We were asked frequently--and not too frequently--if things were ok both by our waiter and the manager/proprietor.The food was ok-to-good. Fried shrimp egg rolls were dainty but yummy. Duck was tasty but very chewy. Kung-pao chicken was pleasantly spiced. Plenty of rice. A pitcher of ice water with lemon was left at the table. Atmosphere was also pleasant. Chairs comfortable, tables spaced well, restrooms large and clean...and there is indeed a large golden Buddha by the entrance.
5	Two different friends from two different circles pointed me toward Golden Buddha at COFCO Center. I was not disappointed. My eternal quest for the best General Tso's Chicken has not been satisfied since the Jasmine Tea House in Globe, Arizona closed...but Golden Buddha is the best Tso's I've found in Phoenix so far. The venue exudes a cultural ambiance that is far superior to the stereotypical zodiac placemat. There is even live piano entertainment in the dinner hour. Friendly and knowledgeable staff also a perk!
4	Every time I am in Phoenix, I end coming here for their General Tso. It is extremely tasty! The staff is always friendly! I am here writing this now... It's a Monday at 7:30 pm and only about 5 tables are open.
3	Average at best though the piano playing  was a god touch.  Piano plays diring dinner service...However. I am no writing this to complain just give my judgment to he others to make here own decision.Dim sum doesn't end at 3pm but at 230pm so unfortunately I can't comment on those items.  I'm a avid fan of Kams in SF and the Hong konMg flower palace....on Yunipero serra.  And it  a lot to change what I think chinese should taste like.  I now live near the chinese cultural center in phoenix and if this is he idea of a type of china town... Except for Lee lees it fails.  Not an area for foodies.   I hade the shrimp egg rolls and general tso chicken. Epic fail.  Oil egg row pulled right for The deep fried too oily even sitting on the minced cabbage.  But mainly. Two little bay shrimp in ea.  disappointing.  Table next to me commented to me on the peking duck.  No crisp skin.   And served with dumplins not crepesSo sad.  I digress.   The general tso chx was extremely salty and I was expecting some kick but nah just a nice salty sauce and it did have a Acceptable crisp crunch with broccoli.That's the mealAtmoshere was above par.  Clean and quite during dinner hour.  About 20  clients and good piano music.Service was adaquatecbut for the price I didn't feel catered to.My meal was set across from me and my water was self serve from a karaf and no hot tea or desert offered.  I left the nominal 25% but I would usually leave 40.I won't say it bad food just typical Phoenix Chinese food.  Look around Before you set out too far to here expecting Real Chinese food. Don'tet cultural center ne fool you.
1	Having lived in cities with amazing dim sum, I am pretty desperate to find a place here in Phoenix I could go to. This was not a good first attempt....We went to dim sum on a Thursday lunch around 1:45pm. There was only one cart. The woman said there was usually one more cart with the fried stuff, but they weren't running it at this time. So normally there would be 2. I thought, not a good start but it's ok I mainly like the steamed dim sum anyway. We got everything they had in the cart excluding short ribs and beef balls, which I typically don't order anyways. Here's what we had:Siumai - no shrimp, spongy and bloated,  weird tasting. When you cut into it, it was colorless--just this pale brown blob. It tasted like...nothing? It was the weirdest thing. I had to ask for chili sauce just to have a flavor.  I swear you can judge a place's dim sum by their siumai--it's the staple dish! So of course everything else followed suit.Bean Curd Wrap -- Isn't this supposed to be filled with seafood and vegetables? Easily unwrappable in a light broth? Nope. More colorless pork. The sauce it was in was CONGEALED. Like a weird gravy. Ma Tsang -- This sticky rice wrap was probably the best part of the dim sum. It seemed over-steamed though. When I unwrapped it, the rice just slid out, and it was overly moist. Usually when you unwrap one, you gotta scrape it off the leaf. The flavors were there at least. I had a bone in mine though. But other than that I could at least manage to enjoy it.Chicken feet -- Overboiled skin and not very flavorful sauce. worst part is one of them still had the NAILS on. I definitely did not want to see that.Char Shiu Bao -- The bun had a good texture. The char siu filling seemed candied and overly sweet and the pork was dry.  Meh.
1	Closed!    Much of the center is vacant except for Ranch 99 and a couple of small shops .   Very sad
3	august 24th *************** closed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Golden Buddha has GREAT dim sum.  Their prices are reasonable and the staff is very polite wheeling their little carts.  I tend to go on the weekend because there is more selection but they do dim sum throughout the week.  They also have some very authentic dishes on the menu for those who are more of the adventurous types.  Be sure to say hello to the turtles the next time you go.
4	NO!  The only good dim sum in town, however, yesterday we went and there was a sign on the door that the landlord had shut them down and changed the locks for failure to pay rent.
4	last week i was craving some good chinese food so i decited to try this place since is at the chinese cultural center, honestly when i came in i was already safisfied since the restaurant its very pretty, sometimes i hate go to bad looking places to get legit food!my friend n i ordered a bunch of different stuff that i dont even remember the names but everything was amazing let me tell you! the service was very good as well so i was a very happy person at the end.
4	why they close ? please open again. if i lazy for make dimsum , i and hubby dimsum this place.we like , rice soup,hakau, shiumai srimp,skin tofu, tofu deep fried, some ball shrimp fried,shrimp choufan, kailan vegetable,chicken feet (we always take  double container), and always order salted fish chicken and shrimp  rice.i prepare and brought slice garlic and sriracha chili sauce.if go to dimsum better sunday, a lot varieties food, and come early.we miss them. and hope reopen again.
4	Was just there on Sunday, yep it's still closed. Very sad, the only restaurant at the Center now is the Sechuzan Palace. From the sound of the two notices plastered up on the door there will be no re-opening
5	I come here at least 3 or 4 times a month. Best Asian food in Phoenix however it is now closed
1	Cold, over salted, bland - a sampling of various dishes produced nothing good. A fall from a three star.
