4	Went to the official opener tonight; enjoyed the atmosphere and the food was excellent.Look and feel is rustic, but clean, western cowboy theme with country music playing, a stage for live acts at night, flights of bourbons and whiskeys and plenty of beers. There's a small outdoor patio with a couple hi-tops with more hi-tops inside aside the bar and open-faced brick wall and a handful of regular tables near the back.Local drafts are Four Peaks Kiltlifter, SanTan Devils Ale and the Lumberyard IPA. Prices were $5.25 for 16oz, $7.25 for 20oz. More local stuff in cans/bottles for $4.50 and local domestic bottles 3.75.There was a list of wines for $6-$13 glass.Beer cocktails were $8 with mixed cocktails ranging from $7-$10.Whiskey flights ranged from $11-$16Bourbon & Whiskey pours were $5.50-$9.50NOTE: There were some instant complaints on the lack of quality in the selection from the Bourbon drinkers with me - basic mentions of typical store-bought varieties.Had some food as well... The food was excellent! I had the chicken bacon brie club - it was badass. Few friends had the burgers and a few different appetizers which were great too.Server girls were in respectable plaid button down shirts with jean shorts and either cowgirl boots or sneakers.There were 3 flat panels about 42" at the bar and 2 more in far corners. Looks like they had satellite package with all the sports but I didn't get a chance to ask if they'd have the big games and UFC fights.Free WiFi too! Seemed fast.Overall I see great promise from Bourbon Jack's. I hope they can overcome the common slowness of lunch service that downtown Chandler has sadly become known for. Great new place to check out and the live music is going to be great for downtown Chandler. Good luck guys! See you soon.
4	My friends and I were walking around downtown Chandler trying to figure out where to eat.  I didn't know this was a new restaurant, but when we looked at the menu outside we decided to eat here.  It's a whiskey bar, country themed.  There weren't any really inexpensive drinks there, the cheapest was a $4.5 beer.  The cocktail menu was interesting, not cheap, but I enjoyed my Kentucky cream soda (with bourbon).  The menu was nice, it wasn't huge but it has enough variety that kept us from making a quick decision on what to get.  We all got burgers, but it was a tough decision, the sandwiches looked great also.  The burger was cooked perfectly to order, the bun was a bit flufly was tasty.  Nice change, roasted tomatoes instead of fresh tomatoes on my burger.  The fries were solid, nice side.  We ordered a mac and cheese side to share.  It was fantastic.  Creamy (a little Velveeta like, but I like that sometimes) and with enough spice to make it interesting.  The service was pleasant and quick.  Our waitress was nicely attentive.  Live music was at 9pm.  The tables were pushed back to make a mini dance floor but we were able to keep our table, which gave us a nice front row view.  It was incredibly loud though.  Hard to handle right after dinner so we left after a couple songs.  The band was great, we just couldn't handle the noise.  I'd would go back to check out the other items on the menu for sure.  Nice addition to downtown.
4	I've been trying to branch out and try more new places lately. After all...if you're going to Yelp, shouldn't you at least have some good material? (The answer is, of course, yes.)So, as I was perusing the Yelp page this past week, I noticed the "New Businesses in Phoenix" section. There was a decently enticing picture of two bartenders at a place called "Bourbon Jack's".Bourbon Jack's is a brand new establishment recently opened in Downtown Chandler. As you can tell from the pictures and other reviews, the overall theme is that of a country/western establishment. The waitresses are dressed in flannel shirts and cowboy boots while they pump country music in through the sound system.As my wife and I were approaching the establishment, we saw that there was a hostess' stand out on the sidewalk, right next to the outdoor patio (the only place where they allow smoking, btw). The hostess was young and chipper, and happy to seat us.Upon entering, my wife and I were surprised by how narrow the establishment was! Sure, the place was long...but I can imagine that when the joint is a-jumpin', there will be several opportunities for bar fights that stem from spilling someone else's drink. Thankfully, when we arrived for Friday Happy Hour (between 4 and 7 pm), the place wasn't even remotely crowded yet.Almost immediately upon being seated, we were greeted by Stephanie T (that's literally how she introduced herself to us). Stephanie was extremely pleasant. She was also very versed with regards to the menu. Having never been there before, we asked her for her suggestions. Much to our delight, she suggested we order the Cajun Barbecue Shrimp as an appetizer http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#nof5V8vj92-fQL_m3H3Gyg (1/2 price due to Happy Hour). It was DELICIOUS! The only downside to ordering the Happy Hour version of the appetizer is that you only get a half-sized portion. That means that there's an odd number of shrimp...so, be prepared to bargain with your date if you split it!While we were enjoying our appetizer, we also sampled a few drinks. My wife, being a margarita aficionado, opted for something called the Spicy Senorita Maragarita http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#SJJkVL7z8_Gn8gM2IWDpSA. If you look closely at the picture, you'll notice that there are, in fact, jalapenos in this drink. Per my wife, it was a nice gimmick, but the seeds that fell out of the jalapenos became a burden as they sat in the beverage.I, on the other hand, wanted to get a tall Miller Lite with those awesome happy hour prices. Much to my dismay, they don't have Miller Lite on tap (they do have Coors and several others, though). So, I decided to go with an IPA instead. The IPA they have on tap is called Lumberyard IPA http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#NzeBJuKzei1_Cr08oOMixw. It came in a 22 oz glass, and had an alcohol content that might make a European think twice about ordering a refill.Now, on to the meal. We wanted burgers. They definitely had them! My wife got the Standard Cheeseburger with American Cheese and a side of cole slaw (french fries are the standard side, but you can swap for any available side at no extra cost)  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#Hxj9zOwjNJaapc7CA1RGqg. The burger came with lettuce and sun dried tomatoes, which was a nice touch.I, being a fan of bacon, opted for the BJG Burger http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#5wIWJRVr4qxJiJIlKSHlow. This burger comes with bacon, pepper jack cheese, and it's also got barbecue sauce. As you can tell from the picture of the completed burger http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#hJrNFiKJDhNk1tnI0I9PHw, it's VERY thick! Now, a word of caution if you order this burger...the barbecue sauce makes the bottom bun very soggy, ultimately making a delicious mess. So, either ask for extra napkins, or you can be a genius like me, and just turn the burger upside down!At the end of our dinner, the damage was minimal. With an appetizer, two alcoholic beverages, and two burger plates, we spent around $40. Not a bad deal, if you ask me.We only stayed for dinner, so we didn't get a chance to witness any live music or dancing. But, the stage area and dance floor look like they could make for a pretty decent time should we decide to come back http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#2V1KqyIjc0G-HLWGhDtKHA.The next time we're in Downtown Chandler, we might have to make a return, if only for the Happy Hour beers and appetizers!If you like Country music, a cool atmosphere, and a good meal, you should definitely take a trip Downtown and see what this place is about!
4	We decided to try Bourbon Jacks on my bf's birthday (it fell on a Wednesday and I got off late, options were pretty limited). We were pleasantly surprised. Our waitress was great, super friendly & helpful. We each got a Bourbon cocktail (Bulliet over Broadway for him, Kentucky Cream Soda for me) and the corn bread to start. It was a great way to start our meal, the drinks were yummy & stiff and the cornbread was delicious. He ordered the pulled pork sandwich with slaw, while I went for the beef dip and chose the mac & cheese for my side, as a recommendation from our waitress. He loved everything about his meal. The mac & cheese was amazing and the beef dip was good, with one exception, the Au jus was super greasy and separating in the cup. I am not a complainer so I was just going to finish it without bothering with the Au jus but after my bf tried it he asked the waitress if they had any that was less greasy. She was really gracious about it, brought out some that was way better and apologized/ thanked us for saying something since the original sauce was made by a new staff member and not correct at all. It's a little on the pricey side but we'll definitely go back for the quality food & drinks and the great service.
5	We tried this new place last week for lunch, and it was amazing! The food was awesome, and this place gets high marks in my book for decor. They uncovered the original, historic brickwork, washed it down (since it had been covered up with drywall), and it looks beautiful. It's a perfect fit for this country-down home-western themed restaurant. The rest of the decor is rustic, and there's lots of exposed wood. They also kept the original, historic metal ceiling tiles. Gorgeous!Ok, back to the food. We tried the special of the day, the Green Chile chicken chowder, which was amazing. The other special was the Grilled Meatloaf sandwich, also delicious. But what really won us over was the Corn Bread with Orange BUTTER! Oh my goodness, this was a treat. Definitely worth a try. We also tried the mac and cheese that came as a side, and it was great. It had a little spice to it, which kept it interesting. Very, very cheesy, the best kind. You could tell they put a lot of work and attention into this menu.Can't wait to go back. It's an awesome addition to the downtown Chandler area, and I hope they get lots of support.
4	We just had lunch here and it was delicious!  I had the BJG Burger with the Dixie Stix and the burger was great and the fries (dixie stix) were amazing!  Not your ordinary country bar here people.  The Mack and Cheese looked really good too so I might try that next time.  I wanted to get the Peanut Butter Ice Cream Sandwich but I was too full.  I work in Downtown Chandler and must say this was a great quick lunch with great service as we were in and out within the hour.
4	We were heading somewhere else for lunch, then saw their sign on the corner. Well played Bourbon Jacks! So we had lunch. Was pretty good. My friend had the mac-n-cheese, and I had the chicken salad. I love crunch in my salad, so the pecans added were perfect. We split an order of cornbread, which was pretty sweet but still very tasty. The decor is neat- rustic and clean. The music was definitely too country for my taste, but I knew what I was getting into. ;) I'd go back for sure!
2	Went there because of the reviews. First, server was fantastic but did miss one this. Got the corn bread and it was flat and crispy. Later saw others with  fluffy corn bread and maybe it was better,  Nothing  special taste wise either.  Got the $9 polled pork sandwich. Taste was wonderful but it was a small bar food portion.  So to me this was an average place to go.  Nothing wrong with going there but just think more of a bar than a restaurant.
4	Just what Chandler's growing downtown area needs, a country bar!  First round review at 4:30 on a Saturday afternoon probably isn't a good gauge of how Bourbon Jacks operates for weekend nightlife, however we went for some food and to take a look-see at the vibe and to determine whether it was worth it to come back.The bar is wedged in a narrow space off Boston and Arizona Ave in downtown Chandler, park in the gravel lot behind the buildings, across from the City of Chandler building. It's a long, narrow bar with super neato exposed brick to one side and rustic, wooden bar on the other. The reviews from others about the atmosphere are pretty spot on. See pictures too.My husband ordered the pulled pork sandwich and I ordered the corn bread and bowl of chicken chili. His sandwich looked pretty decent, he said, "not the best he's had, but pretty darn good." The corn bread was served in a tin, about the size of a dessert plate with a side of the most delicious orange, sweet butter ever! I would definitely recommend an order to split with your table. The chili was very tasty, not spicy, but had very good flavor depth, little pieces of pickled jalapeno and onion sprinkled on top really rounded out the overall taste.  We both ordered the Lumberjack IPA, a hoppy beer in 20 oz glass, cost $7 - wish we were there for happy hour!Our server was FANTASTIC! I wish I knew her name because she was so genuinely friendly and helpful. The whole staff was very nice. The bands play a Wednesday-Saturday, according to our server anywhere from 8pm-1am, mostly a mix of country with a little bit of classic rock, also according to our server. We will definitely be back!
4	Love the mac'n cheese if you're in for a heavier meal. It's spicy, but definitely good. Also, I really loved the pulled pork sandwich. This sandwich is very sweet with onions, so it goes really great with a side of mac'n cheese! But prepared to get a little messy - as with all good sandwiches, and especially good pulled pork.The country atmosphere is really fun. I'm not usually in Chandler at night, but I bet some of their live music is pretty good (they have a little stage in the back). Hostesses are super welcoming and wear a cute little country getup.Only reason why they didn't get a 5 in my book is because the service is kind of off. I know they just opened so they're working on it, but the couple times I've been our food has come out 5 minutes apart and sometimes the drink orders are not really in sync either. However, I have confidence this is improving daily as they get used to the new business.
3	Truth be told, I thought everything was just ok.  My husband had eaten here with some friends and wanted me to try it, so we went for lunch.  He set my expectations high because he really liked his food the first time.  I wasn't overly impressed with the food, it was tasty but not for the price.  I kind of felt like for what you're getting it was a bit too expensive.  Lunch for 3 people was over $60 including tip (no alcohol or anything).  I'm not itching to go back and probably wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.  I will say the service was friendly and you can tell they really care and are eager to make it a good experience.  For me, price/value/taste wasn't there.
3	Went here once and it was decent. Older crowd. Opening weekend maybe? But towards 11 or so some of the older people start to head home. Drinks are the regularly high bar prices.
4	Update 9/4/13 Was in Chandler again and thought I'd stop in here one more time. WOW, they must have replaced the staff since the place was jumping and everyone was super friendly with amazing customer service...food was ok.I found the Xmas lights in downtown Chandler to be great! I was even excited to see a new bar/restaurant "Bourbon Jacks" was added. We stopped in for a drink and a meal and wow what a disappointment! We sat at the bar for an easy 10 Min waiting for any staff to come by and say hi and take our order. (There was maybe 5 customers and 6 wait staff at the time we where there.)We finally decided to spend our bucks elsewhere after I waved to the staff for service and all I received in return was a wave back. The crystal ball says this place won't last unless they make a change to their wait staff.
3	My review is based solely on drinks, and atmosphere. I stopped in here with friends during the last couple hours of it being open. Had a decent band on stage- WAY too loud for us to talk, unless we stood outside. The building is pretty narrow, so you get bumped into quite a bit, even if you're not in the middle of everyone. Seems like this will turn into a typical country, late night bar for people. I guess that's good. I'd like to go back again to get a better perspective. The drinks we had were great, but I could tell the bartenders were overworked by the time we came in. I guess we'll see how it is next time...
2	It's probably a cool place to eat, drink, and listen to music but definitely not to dance. The room is narrow and long, which could get annoying if you want to get close to the band or the restrooms (on the far end of the room). Unfortunately the dance floor is miniscule, so any type of dancing besides stationary free-style would be out of the question. It might be possible to fit a dozen line dancers there but only if they knew enough of the dance to avoid collisions or kicking each other.Of course most country dancing is not stationary and requires a partner, so maybe the venue would be better off playing punk or metal so that "dancers" can stand in one place and wiggle their hips. Perhaps 2 or 3 couples could swing dance if they were crazy enough to do such a thing. The floor is old, worn cement that has too many coats of paint on top-- and quite sticky, perhaps from greasy food and spilled drinks. The floor is made to look like tile -- and there are wide cracks between each large square. It would be dangerous to do turns or spins even if the food was mopped off the floor for dance night. Yech! There is an elevated stage for live bands so whoever designed this place had listening to music and dancing in mind. Oh well, 1 out of 2 ain't bad!When I went there nothing was going on because it was early in the week. Tables and chairs were set in a small area in front of  the stage. The only way for dancing to take place would be to remove those tables because they are close together and occupy the entire dance area. It will be interesting to go there on a busy night to see who wins the dance area -- diners with money or dancers.
2	Great atmosphere.Great service.Great music.Horrible food. =/Majorly bummed since this is a newer neighborhood restaurant. Had high hopes for it being great. The food sounds like its gonna be great but it just fails. Tastes as though the chef might be young and experimenting with creative bar food but it ends up being just too much of something or another. Too tart, too salty, too much fruit flavoring on the porn wings, Hoison wings that taste like a salt lick.Bummed out on this review. Wanted to love this place!
4	Bourbon Jack's is a nice little place. My wife and I went there for a Saturday lunch. The food was great. They did a good job crafting a unique and focused menu. Everytime I order a french dip at a Valley restaurant, I usually end up regretting it once it's served, but this place got it right with their ribeye dip. The beef was hot and juicy, not rubbery like other places, and they weren't shy with the horseradish. It was great. My wife got the chicken, brie sandwhich with the spicy mac n cheese. They were also winners. We enjoyed the rustic western feel and will have to check it out at night when they have some live music. The only thing keeping me from giving Bourbon Jack's a 5 was the prices. The ribeye dip was a bit pricey at 12 bucks, but it did come with a choice of side.
3	Right idea, bad location. OK so I finally had to try the much hyped Bourbon Jacks in downtown Chandler. I must say, the atmosphere was better than I expected.  The band was a GREAT country rock band.  Unfortunately the place is much much much too small for a band of that caliber and 2-step dancing.  This tiny little place had a tiny little dance floor where you were literally dancing right up into the singer's face.  3 couples at best could dance in there without running into each other.  The band is so close to the customers that you cannot hear a thing anybody says.  So you can rule out conversation. There are very few tables and they were all completely full before we even arrived around 9pm.  No biggie, we can stand.  However...where do you put your drink when you want to dance?  We were standing right next to a table of people who were doing nothing but sitting. Not even a drink on the table.  So we would  occasionally set our drinks on the table.  The waitress proceeds to tell me that we are being rude by doing so.  Huh?  They had NOTHING on the table.  How am I being rude to set my drink down to go dancing?  If anything, those people were rude for taking a table and not ordering any drinks.  She should be telling them to move rather than telling off paying customers.  The waitresses only serve tables. The bar is much too crowded to leave your space and try to make your way to the bar to get a drink.  Customers are like sardines in a can. You can't help but feel up everyone around you because you are constantly being pushed, knocked and tousled into people.  If you meet some odd character that you want to get away from, good luck.  There is no way out and nowhere to go without being seen.Bottom line, great idea but the space is much too small. They need to expand into adjacent areas or change the venue to something more like an acoustic guitar player, lounge type place rather than a multi piece band with dancing.   It just doesn't work in such a small space. I give it 3 stars for the great band and having a good idea. I hope you expand...oh and make table hoarders buy drinks or move on.
1	Definitely don't  go to this place as an after hours place unless you are in your 20's  and the doorman thinks you 'deserve' to go in.  Our party of 4 was asked to wait outside as the establishment was too packed, we stood there and watched him let in a 'young' crowd of 5-6  in.  Appalled!!!! Stick to San tan brewery and Couch and Willies-  Bourbons won't make it in chandler treating patrons like that-good luck and hopefully good bye.
3	Bourbons is a nice place and I am going to comment only on the late-night atmosphere (bar only) because I haven't gone here during the day.(NOTE: I have already left a review and because it was slightly negative, did Bourbon's delete it?)With that said, Bourbons is a pretty nice Chandler country bar. There aren't many country bars around but this one is right in Downtown Chandler. Yee-haw.I felt that the place was too small for it's britches in all honesty. When I go out for the night wherever it be the number one priority is to drink. To do this you need either people coming to give you drinks or to be able to get to the bar. This place failed on both of those fronts. There was maybe one server on the floor and the bar was packed.No offense to the older crowd but the older crowd that is there up til 11pm stick to the bar like flys on cow-pies. They have all their chairs line up and cozied up to the bar and it is impossible to get to the bar to holler at the bartender. Most seem to be sitting there babysitting their drink for an hour. Even if you manage to tap someone on the shoulder (which you shouldn't have to) the chairs are heavy, bulky, and there are so many people packed in there that you can't move it over to access the bar.Now I may be 30yrs old, but I still like to occasionally go out and get hammered drunk. Because the bar is pretty much off-limits I pretty much find myself drinking one beer for 3 hours because I know it's an absolute bitch to get to the bar. My suggestion to Burbons (if you're listening) is to ditch half those damn chairs when you stop serving. If people want to stand by the bar then they can do that - I'd just much rather wiggle my way in between standing people than trying to catapult myself over the Great-Wall-of-Bourbon-Jack-Chairs.The atmosphere is pretty cool. I mean, it's country and I love country. It is a little loud in there though - and this is coming from someone who searches out where it is the loudest in a club because I like to *feel* my music. I guess I would rather my country music to be a little quieter. I shouldn't have to holler at the top of my lungs to talk to someone across from me... at the back of the bar.Also, where are the drink specials?
4	Ok first time in and I really liked it. Had a burger and Mac and cheese and all I can say is wow. I am not a country boy by any means but the live band was not bad. Service was great and friendly. The one negative thing I have is that crowd was strange mix of young college age and older wild I don't know what's lol. Not that I'm saying there is anything wrong with that lol. Overall we really liked the place for a fun night out.
3	This is a cute country bar and the band was good. It did get a crowded later in the night. Bartenders were friendly and I didn't have to wait long for my drinks.
4	Fun times in OT chandler!
4	They have great service and I like this new country bar. Wish live music started earlier.
2	Blehhhh... just a new place for the old folks from Tom Ryan's to visit.... not a fan.
5	Great time!  Manager was really cool, service was good.  Get there a bit early, can get packed quickly.  1 negative...just wish we had 1 in Meas.  Will be back and this time going to try some food.
2	So I REALLY want to like this place.  The decor is awesome, service was average, nothing to complain about, nothing to rave about.  Went for a late Sunday lunch.  Got the Bacon Blue chips for an app.  They were nice and crispy but had BBQ flavor powder all over them, like what you get out of the bag.  Kinda strange, but edible.  Boyfriend ordered the chicken sandwich with ham (forgot what it was called). It was pretty good from the bite I had.  The slaw on the side was good according to him, but can you really go wrong with sriracha slaw? I ordered the OMG burger and fries.  The burger was anything but OMG... the bun was charred, the onions were supposed to be carmelized but were just transparent and bland(no seasoning or even S&P) mushrooms were just there, no texture, no flavor and the burger was way over done and dry also no basic salt & pepper.  I barely ate half and gave the rest to my garbage disposal aka boyfriend.  All it would have taken for this to be a great burger was some salt and pepper!!  I hate to say it but I've had a better burger from a fast food chain.  And we all know those aren't good...  Maybe we went there on an off day or tried the right food (if it's on the menu it should be good, right?)  Maybe we'll give it another shot.
4	Really nice downtown place with good food and nice atmosphere. People watching from sidewalk patio is good. Lunch is good and so is dinner. Particularly like ribs , fried chicken and Mac & Cheese! Yes, Mac& Cheese with chicken is really special.Larry & Vicki
5	We ate at Bourbon Jack's while on our vacation. My husband and i LOVED this place.Atmosphere was great, service top notch, but what really stood out was the flavorful food. Everything we ordered (rib eye french dip, sriracha slaw, shrimp appetizer ) all amazing. No bland food at Bourbon Jack's! Had the chance to listen to a very talented country bank later in the evening. Great way to end our vacation in Phoenix:)
5	Awesome restaurant! Everyone working there were very friendly and fun to be around. The food was delicious. We will definitely visit again!
4	I LOVED the bourbon selection. Our server was well trained on the menu and knew a lot about the bourbons and she was able to suggest a few new ones.The service was great. The food was good. The menu got me pretty excited but it didn't totally deliver. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed my meal and will be back but whoever wrote that menu really knew how to sell food. I have been let down by most of the Downtown Chandler restaurants, I have high hopes for this place though. If they keep the service, decor, and bourbon selection as strong as it is now I will stop in more and more often.
4	This place is great! Very friendly staff that make you feel at home. The food is pretty good, with some different menu items, like their bacon bleu chips or their pig wings.I go here all the time for happy hour after work, and we are never disappointed.
4	First time into this place was a pleasant experience.  We were seated immediately and our waitress was there to take our drink orders.  This place appears to be well managed, the waitress was able to offer selections that were spot on.  As we were sitting there we noticed either the manager or the owner very actively involved in supporting his staff, very impressed.  The food was really good  The only downside was that the place is small, and the tables are very close together.  Other than that, good stuff.
2	Our waitress was super nice which is the reason I am giving them 2 stars basically for the service. The food was nothing worth going back to eat. My omelet was gross but the potatoes were like chopped cubed french fries, decent. They added way too many onions to my omelet I could barely tell If it had bacon in it. I also wish that their menu for breakfast was just a tad bit more lengthy so I had more to choose from since I happen to be on a diet and watching what I eat. They only have potatoes as a side to their breakfast which doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me. Yes it's a country bar/restaurant but c'mon people it's not McDonald's you are a restaurant/bar and you have broccoli as a lunch side can you make your breakfast selection a little calorie conscious. Sheesh.:/My Bloody Mary was quite delish I severely wish I got a salad or just some broccoli instead. Such a disappointment.
4	Had lunch here today.   My buffalo chicken wrap was good and my husband's burger was outstanding.   I tried it too and it was the best burger I've tasted in a long time.  Healthier sides would be a nice addition. Staff is friendly and attentive. I'm a country music fan so loved that too. Great experience.
5	Awesome.  Had Greek salad and rib eye sandwich. Both great!  Staff was very friendly and the manager talked to me about whiskey while I ate.  Friend had the BLT- yummy.  place was clean and reasonable.
5	Tonight was the second time we've been to Bourbon Jacks in a week, I think it's safe to say we've found a new favorite. Both Friday night and a weeknight happy hour have great (strong) drinks, awesome music, and incredible service. The whiskey selection is impressive, the beer list had a bit of everything, and the beer cocktails were delicious. The Devil Went Down to Georgia is so good you may need to call a cab. Happy hour drink prices are pretty good and both servers and bartenders are quick with a suggestion if you can't make up your mind.I haven't heard a song I didn't like, though country haters beware, you won't be hearing any top 20 here. It's all country all the time. Love it! Live music every weekend looks like a good time, we left right before it started unfortunately but the place was getting packed so they must be doing something right! Both visits we ordered food, and it was great! The dinner portions are huge! It's good comfort food and lots of it. Brought home leftovers for the husband and he thought I'd ordered a separate meal just for him (let's just let him keep thinking that). But what really blew us away about this place is the service. Friday night we had the greatest server, I believe her name was Emily. She was the epitome of a people person. Or as my friend described her, sweet as pie. She had us laughing and having a great time the entire meal and was quick with suggestions. Our drinks were never empty and we never had to wait for a thing. Great servers like that are hard to come by. I sincerely hope the management appreciates what a gem they have in her. Her service alone is what has turned us into future regulars. For happy hour we sat at the bar and still had great, above and beyond, service. It was an upbeat yet relaxed atmosphere with the vibe of a neighborhood bar yet still friendly to "outsiders". $5 small bites included pretzel bread which was amazing and pulled pork sliders. Perfect for soaking up our happy hour beer cocktail fix. Can't wait for our next visit, it's great to see Downtown Chandler getting some more bars that are unassuming and don't cost an arm and a leg. Hoping it keeps it's down to earth, small town feel. Now if only Chandler would add some more parking...
5	This place has great soup for lunch!! Good service too.  My husband and I spent a beautiful afternoon on the patio.  Downtown Chandler is getting better and better by the year.
4	The burger/sandwich selection is amazing here!  I got the Bacon Bleu Burger, which exceeded expectations!  This place opened my mind to eating burgers with pretzel buns...I can't go back.  The OMG looks amazing as well.  I don't come to Chandler very often at all, but I'd like to go back here if I ever do find myself in Chandler again.It's a little too loud here.  Don't take someone out here on a date if you two plan on talking to each other.  Go here on a date if you plan on dancing to the music, which isn't really my cup of tea--it's a little too Country for my style.  I can see how some people like it and the overall ambiance of the place.
3	First lets premise this review with the good point of the fact we are so happy to have a country bar on this side of town, we met at denim and diamonds 20 years ago so country music and dancing are close to our heart. Now, the bad, actually the worst part.....The smoke smell is HORRIBLE in this place, because it is so tiny and they doors are open to the patio (I just don't get that) which lets every iota of smoke in, so it might as well be a smoking bar. I was pretty sure according to Az law that you must be a certain distance away from the entrance to smoke and this is what I found. "*Prohibit anyone including employees, vendors, and customers from smoking inside and within 20 feet of all entrances into your place of business" So there it is. IF they are going to let the smokers smoke so close to the venue atleast shut all the doors so the rest of us aren't inhaling that disgusting second hand smoke. I woke up with full on smokers headache and cough this morning which ruins the happy fact of being able to go country dancing. UGH, my clothes stink, my hair stinks. :-(]The bands are always amazing tho!
5	Stopped because beautiful day in Arizona. Had the Jacks Ribeye sandwich. Excellent. Cole slaw was different. But Really great  spicey and flavorful. Wife had grilled cheese @ bacon. Again different and Really Good. Waitress Mandy. Excellent and kept Ice Te full. I recommend Great Quick Lunch
4	Fun spot! Service was great. Food was so so but that's what I expect eating at a bar.  Drinks were great.
5	When I was told Bourbon Jacks had the best mac and cheese in the state of Arizona, my response was, "Prove it."  So, Bourbon Jacks definitely has the best mac and cheese in Arizona. Not only that, but their Bacon Bleu Burger is incredible. Expect to use a lot of napkins. Especially if you have a little mouth. That burger is juicy and messy, but soooo good. The ambiance is beautifully rustic and the service is fabulous. Great lunchtime destination for anytime you're in the downtown Chandler area.
5	Absolutely love this bar!  Amazing staff, great ambiance and live music nearly every night.  I've been coming here since it opened and would recommend it to anyone. Eclectic menu with great daily specials and a killer back bar of bourbon and whiskey.  Keep up the great work!!
5	If you would like an orgasm, and honestly who doesn't, go to bourbon jacks and get the Mac daddy Mac and cheese with chicken. Make sure (if a female) to bring a towel to sit on...because it truly is orgasmic, and you do not want to get your chair or floor wet. Bartenders are great. In honest opinion the best downtown chandler has to offer (and I am walking distance from there). Overall if you are trying to go somewhere in chandler and you don't go here, go back to wherever the hell you came from, because it will be easier for me to enjoy myself here and eat my Mac and cheese!
5	Met an amazing boy here & Love the Country atmosphere! :)
5	Fun date night bar with my hubby!  Good music, good drinks :)
4	Its not pricy at all just so u know. At most its $$. Cornbread with orange butter was really good. Mac n cheese was yummy.  Had the bjg burger..mmmm. Cajun shrimp was good but I'm not sure its worth the $
1	OK, I hate giving bad reviews .... But I HAVE TO from our meal today... We did not get drinks, so maybe its better as a "bar" , I don't know. BUT DO NOT expect much for the food part of it. I went with my guy and 2 kids and we ordered 1 kids burger , a small salad, another side salad with a side of fries and a burger with fries meal. Ok , really??? We are talking about ONE adult full meal !!!!!! it was about 40 bucks !!!! And NO alcoholic beverages.. just 2 iced teas and 2 waters.with a tip this was almost a 50 dollar mean and I am stunned..It wasn't just the price though.. That WOULD  NOT have been as much of an issue if the food was decent. Both salads were NOT good at all... I left feeling hungry and the taste of the food was not good.. The server was ok... it was at lunch time, not dinner and there weren't alot of people in there at all..  I did like the ambience .. its a nice place. It was my first time here. I really wish it was good because I live a couple miles from here and would love to make this a regular hangout ..however after today, we will not be going back here. I had spoken to a co-worker of mine who doesn't yelp and she had a bad experience here a few months ago, but  I didn't want to take her advice because everyone has different experience and likes/dislikes, etc... This is just my opinion obviously and I will not be returning.
2	Ya know this place is really fun. We have come here a handful of times now and other than the food this is a great place to drink. The food is still quite bad in all regards.Also if you go during the day it's definitely a GAY BAR. They leave the hot waitresses at home all day gifts apparently and it's just guys catering to 90% gay men. Still a cool place. Me and the spouse really don't mind at all. Good happy Hour!Here's the thing that bugs me as well. Come here at 3 on a weekday and it's packed. 1 bartender, 1 manager (Mike), it will take you absolutely forever to get a drink because the Manager will go sit in the back the entire time while the bartender waits on the entire restaurant! There was literally 25 people in the bar, 12 at the bar and the rest at tables. 1 bartender!  Absurd.
4	Really fun place with great happy hour specials and wonderful food. We ordered tons of stuff and split everything and the entire group was pleased with all of the food choices. One downside - noise level. Impossible to have a conversation even early on a Tuesday.. The waitress made one or two mistakes and forgot to bring some items to the table but she quickly corrected this. Food we tried:Wings with sonoran bbq sauce - yummy and crispy. Wish there were more to the order. Cajun bbq shrimp - shrimp were well cooked but the star was the Cajun sauce at the bottom. Should be served with more bread to soak it all up! We asked for more and then found on the bill we were charged for each slice. A little ridiculous but worth it for the sauce!Chicken stew - thick and spicy. Just awesome. Mac n cheese - really the best in AZRibs - OMG. No other words. So tender!Chicken Ceasar salad - would've been better if chicken was warm but still a nice dishSeared ahi tuna salad - very yummy and a nice mixture of cabbage and veggies. Love the crunch of the seeds. Could really use some more tuna for the price however.
3	Fun place! Live music when we went Friday night. Drink menu was great. Good place to try new drinks. Can't have table by the stage after 9:30pm, area becomes a dance floor. The bar was small and the band was good.  Corn bread was dry dry dry! Would not get it again. Would come back and try other items.  Staff was awesome.
5	This place is incredible!  The turkey pastrami Is one of the best sandwiches ever!!!  The Mac n Cheese is delicious.  The service is excellent too!   The whole staff is over the top helpful.  We will be back!
4	Good atmosphere. Good food for reasonable price.. plus different food choices that you don't get anywhere else in chandler. Very friendly service and live band is a plus!
5	Excellent for live music - country music. I've only eaten here once, and it was OK. Not memorable. We only comeback for cold beer and live music. We enjoy the people watching on the dance floor.
4	We only had the pretzels to eat but they were great. We had a scotch flight that was solid and the beer list is good. Nice atmosphere and the staff is super nice. We'll be back!
5	We go almost every weekend for bloody Mary's and breakfast in the morning. Mary's are good and the food is excellent! OMG omelette and the breakfast club are great! Service is friendly and attentive. Can't wait to go back!
5	We often go to lunch here on the weekends! The sandwiches are amazing!!! I get chicken bacon brie, and my boyfriend gets one with a siracha Cole slaw it's always great. We have also been at night when they have live music, the band's rock! I would definitely recommend this place!!!!
5	Best bar in downtown Chandler. Love the music, the staff, and the food. A++++We love Summer!!!!!!!!
5	This bar takes the cake, the food is always fantastic,  and service impeccable.   I always love coming here no matter what day
5	Went on a Friday night, they had an excellent country band... The place was packed however, we were able to round up a table and the server, Leah was really good! She continually checked on us and was very quick about getting our drinks! Fun places to hang our with a date or small group of friends.
4	Went here with a few buddies during the week. Great looking place and it smelled really good inside. I mean that like there is a plastic smell in chain restaurants and there is a smell in place that makes the food there and the cooks give a crap about the quality of the food. Had some wings with the teriyaki hoisin sauce. Sticky and sweet and they had a lot of flavor and really worth it for the happy hour price.I had the Mason-Dixon Chicken for dinner. Really good! Chicken wasn't dried out from over frying and not greasy. Thick gravy was so good that I ordered an extra side, drowned my food in it. I didn't do it this time, but they have whiskey flights. Going to try that the next time when I don't have to be up first thing in the morning for a meeting.
5	Though the place was rammed we were greeted quickly and given the option of a bar seat if we didn't want to wait for 20 minutes. Waiting wouldn't have been a problem as there is so much rock memorabilia that you don't know where to look.
4	Love coming here for them. Live music! The bands was amazing deff enjoyed my night with my husband here!
4	I hate country music.I sware I do.. but then I came here, and the live music and the atmosphere got me going.. and I refuse to say that I like it now. But I will still give it the stars it deserves. I always have a great time here.. its my dirty secret.
4	Love, love,  love the Cajun barbecue shrimp! Be sure to order extra bread so you can soak up all of the yumminess! Great service, great drinks, especially if you are here before all the crowds. And yes, you must like country music...it IS a country bar with awesome music and some amazing live bands wed-sun. Did I mention the amazing shrimp! :)
5	First time visitor to the bar last night Loved the atmosphere our server Bethany was really personable and fun and our drinks were quick to our table this is a great place to bring out of town visitors a great representation of Chandler!
1	I have never eaten at a lesser restaurant. The staff ignored our party the entire afternoon. Drink cups were left empty for minutes on end. Medium burgers were burned to a crisp. The fried chicken was dry. Food was brought out at separate times. I'd trust a taco truck to deliver better service and quality of food than risk eating here again.
