3	So as someone who has spent a lot of time at canter's I was dying for some pastrami when I saw this place.  Given that it's in a casino I decided that heresy was appropriate so I ordered the blasphemous Ruben ( never serve an animal with it's mother's milk, and come on russian dressing, the pastrami should hold up on it's own).  The sandwich was good, but believe me, this was not the canters I love on fairfax.  The pastrami was second rate to the original and definitely benefited from the swiss and dressing.  The menu's pretty limited, but the potato salad was great and the prices were about the same (albeit for less meat).  Overall it was a goodmeal, but it doesn't have that great tired look of canters and it's missing some key features like the king of all deli cookies, the black and white
4	Doc...you mean to tell me you made a time machine out of a delorean? I grew up on Canter's in LA. Ok wait not really....then I would have had the 15 cent sammiches. No I had the 8-12 dollar sandwiches....Yea so I'm not that old. BUT STILL. TI made this place a neo retro future version of Canter's with old pictures of the LA Canter's like it burned down. Yes instead of walking into the smells of fresh bread and pastries....walk in to the sounds of people chittering over scripts and synagogues. You brush through the smells of smoke and air conditioning with the sounds of slot machines and drunkeness....to NEO SPACIAN CANTER'SSure the menu is slightly the same.....I do happen to remember a plethora of items on the menu at Canter's LA. "But Jefe....do you even know what a plethora is?"Yea I did miss my Pastrami with COLESLAW IN THE SANDWICH! or my Corned beef. WITH COLESLAW IN THE SANDWICH! The pickles were alright. They didn't seem pickled enough. I asked the people there and they said it's all the same stuff from LA. They did have these chocolate pastry things. I forget what they're called. Some Jewish something of somesort.The matzo ball soup. Still better than the deli at Caesar's. Yea so it's cute, they give you a plastic pickle number so Canter's people bring you your food. Wait doesn't carl's jr do that? Yea I just don't think that's cool. Bring me a waiter or waitress that has stories from the golden age of Hollywood and LA. Overall. The romance and beauty of Canter's LA isn't there. It's been replaced by a spaceship replica of Lost in Space. Food Selection I expect more.....I do like to come here to get if not a small taste of home....So I'm on the fence. 3.5 stars and I'll round up....
3	Las Vegas has attracted several famous delicatessens.  There are now branches of Stage Deli, Carnegie Deli and Canter's Deli.  Canter's is a branch of a famous Los Angeles deli; the other two are based in New York.  Sorry, New York, but LA's representative wins.  This isn't because Canter's is stellar, but because the other two are pretty bad.In several meals, the standout was a warm pastrami sandwich.  The meat was warm, reasonably juicy and flavorful; the rye bread was thick cut, dense, with a chewy crust.  Other meals weren't as good.  Chopped liver was fair, with not a whole lot of flavor.  The same was true of cheese blintzes.  All servings were very large; I once would have said huge, but I now reserve that term for Carnegie Deli's obscenely sized sandwiches.
4	Food: Cheap hotel food. I tried the chicken strips (you get a lot!) and my dad tried a hot dog and fries. Food was okay but it filled our stomachs for a late lunch. Next time I want to try that stacked sandwich that I kept seeing ads for in our hotel room books!Price: Pretty cheap, mostly under $10 Location: Located in Treasure Island near the slots.Atmosphere: Took the food up to the room but there are eating areas that looked fine.Service: Had to wait about 10 minutes for our food but other than that it was fine.
4	Nestled inside the Treasure Island (TI) Hotel and Casino, this reproduction of the 24 hour joint on Fairfax in LA is a site for sore eyes, especially for those of us who haven't been to LA in ages.  Unfortunately this version isn't open 24 hours, but the pastrami and fries were excellent.
4	Located inside Treasure Island, the pastrami was outstanding!  Piled high on good rye bread. Several kinds of mustards to try on the table.  Well worth your time. And parking is easier than the LA location.
3	For some reason I thought they had the best matzo ball soup I've had in Vegas...not saying a lot but still.  I'd pay $4 for the soup any day of the week.  The sandwiches are of reasonable size and finishable (unlike Carnegie).  I just opted for the turkey (lame I know) and the wife got the pastrami.  We also ordered the kanish which was ok but Carnegie's is much better imo.
4	A good option if you don't want a fancy dinner and can't eat enough to justify a buffet.  I had the reuben which was very good, not excellent though.  The service was fine, a little slow but maybe it just seemed that way because everything else in Vegas is so fast.  I'll probably eat here again.
4	While staying at the Treasure Island one weekend, we had intense cravings FOR ANY KIND OF FOOD after a night of club hopping.  Before heading up to our hotel room, we spotted Canter's downstairs near the slots.  Considering I had never tried Canter's, I figured... why not!I ordered the Chicken Noodle Matzo Ball soup and boy was I hooked!  The noodles weren't soggy, the Matzo Balls were tasty, and the chicken was not dry but moist.  I was immediately hooked!The next night, instead of going out to a nice restaurant for dinner, I craved Canter's again.  But this time, I wanted to try one of their sandwiches.  So I ordered the pastrami sandwich and again, was impressed!  It wasn't greasy at all, and it was so big, I only finished half of the sandwich (and I was hungry, too).I think I tried a few more things at this location but can't recall what it was that I had exactly.  Sorry.  :)I tried the one in Los Angeles (Fairfax) but it's not really the same.  I enjoyed my experiences at the Canter's in Las Vegas.There is an eating area, and the wait wasn't too long.  The food is moderately priced as well.It gets 4 stars out of 5 because it's not open 24 hours.  :)  That would've been great!
3	$10+ sandwiches are normally not a business strategy especially in a slumping economy but in Vegas you can get away with a lot of stuff. The sandwiches are normal sized, the corned beef was very tasty and freshly cut. They put the coleslaw in the sandwich itself which is kind of special and there's a side of potato salad thats is mixed with coleslaw which is also kind of special. Just glad they didn't mix coleslaw into the soda also.   Bottom line, a little pricey but good sandwiches. Perfect alternative if you don't want  to be a glutton and pig out at a buffet which I tend to do.
5	We stopped there with a craving for deli...and were very satisfied. We are Vegas locals, and normally don't eat this type of food in a casino (overpriced), but liked enough to make trips just to eat there! I come from a Jewish family, and the Matzoh ball soup was very good, authentic, and the noodles make it extra filling. Both of our sandwiches were excellent, my boyfriend got a roast beef and they had this unique and delicious hot mustard he smothered on it (I don't like mustard, but he raved and searched stores for it). I got egg salad, which I am REALLY picky about, and it was some of the best I've ever had. Seasoned perfectly, chunks of egg white, not too creamy, but definitely still creamy. My favorite soda of all-time is Diet Dr. Brown's Black Cherry...and they have it, in bottles nontheless which I have never even seen. It was great, definitely worth the slightly higher strip prices in this case! Also, portions were pretty big!
2	The poster of Canter's Deli in a TI elevator made me salivate. Minutes later.... The corned beef pastrami sandwich sitting in front of me looked bland and boring. Seconds later.. Thoughts of regret filled my head as I began to consume this monotonous sammich. Never again.. So I'm basically out $12 bucks for dry deli meat, weakass cheese, dry and over-seeded rye bread.. Luckily I'm up $50 from the tables..P.S. GF said the cheesburger was orgasmik.  Then I thought..  But how could you F%%# up a cheesburger?
5	Love their sandwiches!!  Just as tasty as Carnagie, Stage etc, but much more resonalbe in price and size.  The other two are fricken ridiculous!!!!
3	Hmmm...had a very highly priced turkey sandwich that should have cost something like $7-8 but ended up being around $13.  Quite the ripoff considering that it only had about an inch of roast turkey, rye bread, lettuce and some fries.  I think the corned beef or pastrami would have been a better choice so maybe I'll try it the next time I'm over there.
4	The food is good, and the service is decent. And the food comes out fast. This is perfect for that little snack in between gambling...
3	We came here at about 11:45pm craving cookies. This was the third stop on our mission. Well, the woman at the counter must have seen the longing in our eyes, the heartbreak when she said there were no more chocolate chip, the excitement when she said they still had black and white, the crushing disappointment when she was wrong--they didn't have anymore black and white and the last glimmer of hope in our eyes when she said they had pecan cookies left-----She gave us two blondies for free in addition to our 2 cookies. 2 cookies, 2 blondies for $4.32. Well...Our major craving was for cookies and the Pecan Cookies let us down. They were dry. Not too much flavor. You've gotta know they are practically tasteless when a raisin hater is excited to discover raisins in her cookies. The blondies on the other hand were chewy (a plus) and had much more flavor. They tasted like they were a day old. But better than the cookies. I gave a third star just because the cashier was so nice and gave us free stuff.
4	this is the las vegas cousin of the original los angeles deli at fairfax.  located in the treasure island hotel - decent sauerkraut, crisp toasted rye bread, slightly salty and greasy, sitting atop delicious slices of pastrami.  good mustard selection.  yum.  beer was a tad expensive - but the food was a perfect antidote to another potential middle-of-the road/"gourmet" dining experience in vegas.
4	It's odd that I ate here for the first time in a while instead of the one in LA. Because I only live 40 miles from LA. And instead here I am in Vegas wolfing down a sammich from Canters. Weird.But, once all was said and done the night I got into town, I wanted something to eat, but quick and hearty. Stopped by Canter's and got my fill. Had a pastrami sammich, a brew, and relaxed after a travel day. Food came out relatively quickly and the meat was piled high. Add the few types of mustard they have on the tables to the mix and I was definitely enjoying myself. Thought it was a little overpriced, but hey, it was on the company's dime. All in all a good experience and good place for a snack or lunch.
4	Almost exactly the same as Canter's in New York.  A bit pricey, but also huge and very tasty sandwiches.  I always have a hard time choosing between the Pastrami and the Reuben.  We got a Reuben here and a potato knish (Karen had never had a knish, and their is delicious).  My brother-in-law got the pastrami, and he liked it so much he did not want to trade a quarter sandwich to try the Reuben!!!  Hahahahaha!I told him both were good, but this was only the second day since we met (the first day he eloped with my sister in Vegas, hahahaha) so maybe he did not trust me yet.  Oh well.They have beer here as well, and slot machines out front.  They have cool modern diner tables and I need to post my picture of us there cuz it was cool.  Some may complain about $15 for a sandwich and a beer, but on the strip, it is a pretty good price for a dent meal, and especially a sandwich big enough for two.  I would go back in a heartbeat, just like I would  go back to the original in LA.
4	I absolutely love this place for the corned beef sandwiches. I think the one I order is called Zachery's Brooklyn. I add cheese and get it on white bread. Yes yes...I know, you hardcore deli people, that you're supposed to get it on rye, but I'm just not that kind of gal. Anyways... One Las Vegas trip with the parents, I was waiting for them to come back to room from gambling for dinner. They never showed up so eventually I made my way downstairs searching for a restaurant and found myself in front of Canter's. Whenever I am famish, I can't settle for something new. I have to get something I know I like. Since I already have been to the one in Los Angeles, I was ecstatic they had one at my hotel. Then I noticed the menu was a lot smaller than the original location. I have only had the French dip. OH NO!!! After 10 minutes of reading the menu (more like staring at the menu), I decided to take a chance and eat something new in my state of hunger. This is how my relationship with the Canter's corned beef sandwich began. When I got my order, I couldn't believe how good it was. My favorite part was the coleslaw in the sandwich-so sweet, so delicious. A few minutes later, I found myself finished. I couldn't believe I ate the whole thing by myself. IT WAS HUGE!!! I eventually came back to this Canter's and found myself ordering another one. Supposedly food taste better when you're starving, but this sandwich is just as good as when you're just moderately hungry. I would of gave it 5 stars, but I'll save it until they add more items from the the original location to the menu. I love the bakery in the one in Los Angeles. I can't get enough of their chocolate cheesecake. As for now, I would recommend Canter's to anyone looking for a quick place to get a sandwich. You order your food at the cashier, pay for it and then wait at your table. It will not disappoint. Random side note: Don't forget to ask for a side of Thousand Island Dressing. It totally adds to a corned beef sandwich. Also, the Lox and Bagel is good too. HUGE SERVING!!! Also, yummy cream cheese.
5	my must go to stop every time i go to vegas.i always get the pastrami sandwich sliced extra thin.the pastrami is nicely steamed,and when sliced thin,just melts in your mouth.sosoo goood.
4	Oh man, this stuff hit the spot for an early lunch after a night of no dinner and several hours of gambling.  Really, really hit the spot.  In a magazine in the hotel room, I saw a photo of their corned beef sandwich and had to have it.  So we hiked over to Treasure Island, and it was well worth the trip.You can get a few of the sandwiches in a special with fries and a soda, or straight up for about $10.  They come with a crisp (but not tangy enough) pickle and a little cup of cole slaw (too sweet and bland).  I got the regular corned beef sandwich, and it was awesome.  Perfect, really.  They have three different types of mustard on the table--yellow, sweet/hot, and deli.  I got an order of onion rings also, and they were great too:  A-.  Big, thick-cut rings in a crispy, flaky batter.  I wanted to try the "famous" bean and barley soup, but that would have been pushing my luck.  I snagged a few fries from my friend, and those get a solid B+.My friends all liked their various sandwiches too.  I tried to get a chocolate custard afterwards, but they were out (sad face).  I would have had a hot fudge sundae, but they were out of nuts too.  I can't eat just plain vanilla yogurt!  Bummer.One other note--the counter person Raven was very cheerful, during a Saturday lunch rush in a job in which one usually finds surliness or indifference.  She was upbeat and pleasant, which seems like a small thing but can go a long way.
5	Non-Angelenos may not appreciate the re-creation of Canter's Deli inside Treasure Island.  Even though no effort is made to disguise the casino floor or the noise from the nearby Sirens show, this modernized little transplant somehow captures the essence of the original on Fairfax in L.A.  Without the great memories to go with it, the surroundings may seem a little drab, but the food cannot be faulted.  The 1/2 sandwich and soup for $9.95 is an incredible deal for any restaurant in Las Vegas, much less one in a destination hotel.  I was shocked that the bowl of soup included in the deal was a full matzo ball with plenty of chicken.  I couldn't resist ordering potato pancakes too (perfectly cooked & flavorful with cold applesauce and sour cream), so of course couldn't finish my chopped liver sandwich.  We had a refrigerator in our room, and eating that chopped liver on some crackers for a midnight snack was one of my favorite Las Vegas memories - hooray for beating the stick-it-to-the-tourists system!  If only this Canter's had the bakery cases too!
3	After a long flight and finally making it to the hotel, we really didn't want to venture out of it to get some late night eats.  So, we found this place.  We ordered the chicken strips and fries for $8 and the hot dog for $5.  Most of the stuff seemed pretty pricey, so we tried to stick with something that'd fill us up enough without killing the wallet.  The chicken strips came with 6 strips and a box full of fries. Get it with the honey mustard and BBQ sauces and mix them together for the ultimate dipping sauce! I couldn't finish it all so my friends had a snacky when they got back from the club downstairs. The hot dog, thank goodness, was not just a cold bun with a nasty weenie on it.  It was a sizeable dog on a grilled bun with a pickle on the side.  I mean, it didn't have any other toppings on it like onions or relish or anything, but it was honestly pretty good.  MUCH better than that stupid fake ass pho restaurant they have in the same hotel...
4	Okay listen if you like Pastrami then you need to check out Canters. It was by far the tastiest pastrami sandwich ive had in a long time. It was fairly priced, especially for Las Vegas. This place is known for its Pastrami and Corned Beef...stick to what they are noted for. I give Canters a 85/100
4	REALLY good cheap food, right on the strip. This place has a great rueben sandwich, and yes, it's the same company as the famous one in LA. There's not a ton to say about this place. It's nice and clean, and serves good cheap food in large portions. You order at the counter, then they bring the food out to your table (you get a little number.) I hate that style, but it works, so no complaints. This place is a great hangover cure in Vegas, for a good price. Be warned, it's very bright in the place. It's kinda like a 60's kitchen style decor, so it feels very bright and echoey. Not recommend for a loud drunk. Definitely worth a whirl if you like deli food and fries.
4	So before heading to Las Vegas and staying at Treasure Island, i needed the Yelps Help on what to grub when in T.I.Had the Pastrami on Rye (Awesome) and my friend tried the Ham & Swiss on Sourdough(Great), so i split the sandwhich with my friend and had the tasty double threat.I have had pastrami before, but nothing like this, this is truly a new way to eat pastram....None of my spots compare to this, above Grade A.
3	I'm not sure why the Las Vegas versions of the great deli's aren't really up to par with mother ships, but Canter's is probably one of the better ones in Las Vegas.We had lunch there while were out running up and down the strip on one of our days there. The Beautiful Carin had a Cobb Salad and I had corned beef on marble rye. You know, the food was pretty good and maybe I shouldn't have expected more, but I thought the sandwich and the salad were a little bit on the skimpy side (compared to some of my faves in NYC or even here in Scottsdale).At any rate, it was OK for lunch, but I wouldn't call it great deli.
4	The bacon cheeseburger was surprisingly delicious. $10 with fries and that is pretty fuckin good for Sin City.
4	I am jealous that we can't have a Canter's out in Chicago! This is one of the best deli's I've been at!!I tried ordering half a grilled ham and cheese and soup but they didn't let me. :( So I ordere half a ham and cheddar on sourdough bread and a bowl of chicken noodle soup! Both were very tasty but then I made the mistake of having some of my boyfriends patty melt and fries!!! WOWWWW I don't usually like patty melts but this one was amazing! Afterwards I was wishing I had ordered that instead! The decor is very outer spaceshippy (lol) but I like it. The service was kind of slow, you order at the counter and they bring you your food. We got ours 15 minutes after we ordered. It was probably the patty melt. Whatever, I'll definetly go back!
5	Quick place to get a fix on whatever craving you might have. Sandwiches are their specialties, but my buddies and I fell in love with their hot dogs a couple years back. Now for the folks, who don't like hotdogs because it's processed and blah blah blah, you can quit reading. But for the folks who are big hot dog fans, you'll love their National Hotdog. It's basically just a hot dog with the frank cut down the middle. What I love about this hot dog is what they do to the bun. They lightly butter the bun and set it on the grill for a quick moment to get that nice crispy texture. You get a crunchy pickle and they give you condiments on the side. Very simple, yet so delicious. My friends and I went to Canter's two days in a row because we stayed at T.I. and we loved it both times. So calling all hot dog lovers!! Give it a try!! You won't regret it!!
3	I was real excited to find out that the Canters I knew and loved from LA was reincarnated inside the Treasure Island in vegas. I got my usually order of matzo soup and a pastrami sandwich and I was pleased with the meal but it has a ways to go to live up to the originals standards. The onion rings are great here if you are a fan so definitely try those. Its a bit overpriced in my opinion but its one of your best options for a jewish style deli on the strip.
3	Okay, so obviously comparing a Las Vegas ported restaurant to its original counterpart in Los Angeles is not fair - if I were to compare the two, I feel like its comparing wolfgang puck canned foods to the actual restaurant...lol.Anyways, this is what you'd expect - huge massive portions of pastrami and corned beef heaped on rye with a little bit of spicy mustard and cheese (make sure to get coleslaw on your sandwich for extra flavor), awesome potato salad, and sweet dill pickles.But what kills is the price - probably $20+ for each person, which feels a little crazy to me. Service is a little bit shotty, but the seating is nice and the atmosphere is decent.Canter's in LA is the shit, Canter's in Las Vegas feels like they mailed it in, but if you aren't comparing, this is a decent attempt.
4	Canter's has always been a place where I could go there, eat a fat sandwich and call it a day in Vegas.  The Canter's Delight is gastronomically amazing! Check out my photo (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FooKqQJ3UnsIG2slFPuLRA?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw).  I've had it four times!  I know there are other super deli's around the Strip, particularly Stage Deli and Carnegie Deli, but I don't know what is it that makes me come back here all the time.  Their sandwiches are huge and really good.  I guess the only downside is that they aren't open very late if you have a late night sandwich craving.  Definitely come by here if you're near TI and want to eat something that will cover your meals for a good part of your day.
4	Canter's has the best tasting pastrami sandwich I ever had!! Grill toasted bread, lots of hot pastrami melting swiss cheese with sauracrout. So good that I came back the next day for another one.I wish the fries were bigger, because it was more of a string style.
4	omg it's like totally la in lv? waaaackyyyyyand it's like totally the same thing which means it's still good!!!! and since it's expensive in LA selling it for the same price in vegas almost makes you feel like you're getting a deal!and pastrami is always a good call
3	Okay so this looks like a smaller version of the one they have in TI. This is located next to the Mandalay Sports book and poker room. I stopped by here right after the Pacquaio fight hoping to find a bowl of soup after all the cheering that took place earlier. I picked up a sandwich w/ fries and a bowl of soup for $18. I think it's expensive for what it was but pretty standard considering the other options to choose from at the Mandalay Bay. Plus I was in such a good mood that a almost $20 meal could slide. Did I mention that this didn't include a drink. If you add one of those bad boys that easily puts that total north of $20. Matzo ball soup did its trick with a nice broth. Corned beef sandwich served its purpose and was okay. If I  wasn't so tired I would have went somewhere else but convenience won this fight.
4	I just want to preface this by saying- I don't normally go to a restaurant multiple times while I'm on vacation.  But in this case.. I did. Megan and I went to Canter's three times when we were in Vegas. It was just so so good, and it was nice because it was right in our hotel, Treasure Island. If we just wanted a quick bite before heading to the pool or what not, and cheap compared to other food options!First night I arrived, I had the chicken tender basket. My flight arrived in a couple hours late, and I was famished! Megan and I probably could have shared one, though.  You get a ton of fries, and five chicken strips, served with whatever sauce you want. Everything is fresh and piping hot.  The second time was before we went to the pool. I got a cheeseburger and fries. Again, fries were delicious and the burger was good-- nothing to write home about.If you go to Canter's, you need get only one thing. The pastrami sandwich. YUM. I still have dreams about this sandwich.  The pastrami is packed about 3 inches high on the sandwich, it's perfectly cooked a medium rare, seasoned like no other pastrami I've had before.  It's all on a tangy rye bread.  I got it with chicken noodle soup-- another awesome surprise. The soup has large cuts of real chicken, and uses long angel hair pasta noodles, which i thought was a very cool idea.  There are chunks of fresh vegetables, and was one of the best chicken noodle soups I've had. If you're staying at Treasure Island-- you must make a stop at Canter's if not only for the pastrami!!!
3	this past weekend we went to vegas and stayed at TI so we came to canter's twice because all of us were too lazy/hungover to go anywhere far.  good thing this place is ok.  i had the pastrami sandwich the first time which was REALLY good.  they load the pastrami with melted cheese on rye bread.  the pastrami was nice and warm and salty.  there was so much meat in there that i had to eat it with a fork first.  the fries are the small shoestring type fries but it tasted yummy in my sandwich.  the second time i came back, i tried the corned beef sandwich.  this wasn't as good.  the corned beef was way too salty and the sauerkraut was overpowering.i guess its because its Vegas but this was not cheap.  a sandwich ran about $14-$15 each.  but i am appreciative that canter's was downstairs to cure our laziness/hangovers.
5	why only 3.5 stars, yelpers?? the pastrami sandwich was amazing. the prime rib sandwich special was tender juicy and lean. ordered the cheesecake which was promptly commandeered by the rest of the table so then i got a slice of carrot cake to cheer me up. both desserts were world class. we almost went back the next night. nice place for dinner before Love if you have a few extra minutes to take the tram from Mirage to TI.  too bad no table service tho.
5	This is our absolute favorite place to eat in Vegas.  Better than Craftsteak, better than Eiffle Tower and it's 20 bucks.  If you have never been, split a sandwich.  I am a big eater, but I feel stuffed after half a ruben from Canters.
4	I've never been to their LA location but this one's got the total space age setting going with cool lights, wide leather booths and a weird selection of 50s and 60s music playing at a very loud volume.Like all of Vegas this place is all about EXCESS. Massive size sandwiches that will leave you will a full belly and a slightly smaller wallet. Good stuff. Enjoy!
4	I live in LA but I have never been to Canter's. I've always wanted to go but there are other similar delis in LA that are good (Langer's and Brent's come to mind) and one of my friends swears that it sucks.Resigning myself to the fact that I probably will never go to Canter's in Los Angeles, I elected to hit the Vegas outpost in Treasure Island before I headed out of town. We showed up at about 4 in the afternoon so it was a short line and just a few people in the dining room. The ordering system is simple. You stand in line and order what you want, and then you are given a gigantic playing card to display at your table so the server knows where to take the food. Like I said, I've never been to the one in LA but I'm willing to bet that it looks nothing like the outpost in Vegas. It's very futuristic with multiple TV's on the walls so you can watch your favorite sporting events while waiting for your food. Not that it really matters because we got our food literally 5 minutes after we ordered. I don't think the prices are all that expensive. A similar sandwich in Los Angeles will cost at most 1-2 dollars less and a similar sandwich in New York will cost close to $20. I elected to get a combo meal which includes a pastrami sandwich, side of fries, and a soda for $17. I wasn't that hungry so I was hoping they weren't as big as the ridiculous sized sandwiches you would get if you were eating at the Carnegie Deli in the Mirage.  Although the sandwiches were bigger than the normal, they were still not THAT big. It was perfect for an average glutton like myself.Unfortunately I let my friend do the ordering while I sat down at a table, and he got me the pastrami sandwich on white bread rather than the requisite rye. No biggie though because the sandwich was good! The bread was soft and the meat was juicy. The bottle of deli mustard that is on every table really has a great kick to it. The fries were perfect too although I didn't eat many of them due to the size of the sandwich.Overall, my experience was great. I might have to check out the one in LA because I would definitely go back to the one in Vegas.
4	Days of the $3.99 Las Vegas buffets are gone.  Well I'm sure you can find one, but I'm also sure it'll give you a Kenyan colon.It's all about $16 sandwiches nowadays.  More precisely, the $16 pastrami on rye.After arriving to Las Vegas, the boys and I were famished.  We dropped off our bags in our room that had two....yes...two toilets in separate bathrooms. This is important when you are sharing a room with guys that are all experts in the art of synchronized bowel movements.  Then herded down to the casino floor.  After shoulder bumping all the sloppy drunk girls with runny mascara we made it to the promise land.The pastrami on rye.  Not overly salty.  Tender.  And more importantly, a genorous heap of sensual pastrami.   Just thinking of it makes me yearn for it.  I positioned it in my hands as to where I wouldn't bite off my fingers and devoured it ever so quietly hoping no one would see me.When I looked down upon my empty plate, I was left wondering where my pastrami on rye went. Had I lost myself in it entirely and lost all sense of reality that I was left wondering if it was fictional?I left and the thought of what had happened haunted me the whole night while I was splitting 8's and doubling down on 10's and 11's.  All the while having the surgically enhanced cocktail waitress bringing me vodka tonics. Only to have myself imagine her cleavage was actually a mound of Canter's Pastrami.  Hallelujah.
5	Canters was the best Deli sandwich I have ate in my life.  Yes, Im new to the experience, but I know a damn good sandwich when I eat one.  There's a few spots in Portland  I NOW HAVE to go to HOPING it's as good as Canters.My wife and I needed a bite to eat, but didn't wanna spend a whole lot, yet didn't wanna eat a whole lot either.  Well during our stay at the TI we noticed the advertisements of Canters with this DELICIOUS looking sandwich representing them on the posters.  The name of that sandwich is the "Viva Las Vegas".  And I highly recommend it.  The sandwich is made with pastrami, cheese and thousand islands. It even seems like there's a type of coleslaw they top the sandwich with that gives it a great flavor.  The sandwich is 15.00.  The nice thing was we would split it, and it was just enough to fill our stomachs so we could tequila it up!We stopped here twice to eat.  The first time my wife picked it up and brought it back to the room.  The second time we ate in the deli.  The line was short thank goodness.  Took about 5 min for our sandwich to come out.  The sandwich did come with a small side of potato salad.  I liked it and so did my wife.  Some people may think I was too generous to kick down 5 stars.....If you try CARNEGIE first....you'll see why i gave Canters 5.  Canters was the best thing about the T.I. by a long shot.
1	Okay-Just returned from LV and stayed at Mandalay Bay which was great. The Canter's Deli we ate at was located in the Sports Book at MD. It was awful! I had the Matzo Ball Soup with a Corned Beef on Rye and my wife had the Pastrami. The grease from the soup was so evident floating on the top that it not only looked awful it tasted awful!Corned beef was just chunks falling out of the stale bread and my wifes even had a strange dark color to it! $25 out the window and lost appetite for rest of the day. Counter service sucked as well. Rude. Go to Seven-Eleven and buy a pack of bologna and loaf of bread and you will do much better!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	We split a sandwich with turkey, ham, pastrami, corned beef and swiss on white bread with a side of potato salad.  Price was a little high (around $15 for one sandwich), bread was dry, but the meat was really tasty (pastrami and corned beef were hot, turkey and ham were cold).  Not sure if we'll be back.
4	This is the ONLY place you should eat while staying at TI. The sandwiches are HUGE and filled with whatever kind of meat you are in the mood for...(get your minds outta the gutter!) haha!  But seriously, for $13, you get your moneys worth.  The fries are good too. They are the skinny shoe string ones and very crispy. SO yummy!!!  It was a clean environment and it was very modern for being a retro style deli. And they serve cupcakes! I was too full to get one, but they looked yummy and most places that serve cupcakes are high on my list of places to eat :D.
3	Eh. Went here because I stayed at TI and our group didn't want to travel far for some eats. I got the sandwich/ soup combo and opted for the Matzo Ball soup with a Corned Beef sandwich.Matzo Ball soup is one of my favorites and this one was pretty good! It was super hearty, filled with a HUGE matzo ball, tons of noodles, chicken and lots of veggies. Only sad part was that since the Matzo ball was so huge, it was super dry in the middle :(Sandwich was of good size, stuffed with meat ftw. But these types of sandwiches aren't my type - the meat only kind. Meat was for sure very moist but the bread was uber dry and it was all in all kind of dull. So overall this place was just kinda dull.
4	Came because I miss LA and it's a copy of something at home. The food is fine, I had a corned beef sandwich with coleslaw and was good and filling like always. Shared some fries with my cousin and friend and I like that they have thin fries. I like that they have this honey horshradish mustard I like to spackle on. BUT I am disappointed a bit thinking of the OG Canter's back home. There it's an old deli diner with an extensive menu, open late and also has a bakery. This is just a quick, modern sandwich counter. It's different I know and I shouldn't compare, but it's hard with the fond memories I have. Also, as much as Canter's is famous for sandwiches....back home I rarely actually order one as my go-to spot is Langers and I actually liked eating other things at Canters such as their baked chicken, blitzes, meatloaf, chopped liver,potato pancakes etc. Still, I suppose Canter's LV is the best reasonable food spot in the TI.
5	Five stars for their FRENCH FRIES. My ideal french fries are served here - cut thin and cooked crispy, yummmm.Sandwhiches are jam packed with meat -- I wasn't too fond of my BLT but I loved the french fries!!
3	canters is a good place to stop if you're ravenous and have a few bucks to spend...i ate here my last time in vegas. it's a great traditional deli, meat piled high in your sandwiches, good fries, so no complaints about the food. my gripes are with the service- and the price. you definitely come to las vegas expecting to pay through the nose...and canters will fulfill that expectation. holy moly. i ate a $10 hotdog for goodness sake!
3	The food was good but super expensive for a tuna melt on sourdough and fries, $22!!! The restaurant was really cute but the service was mediocre.Since we stayed at treasure island, I had to try this place just cause of the decor. I ordered the tuna melt and fries. Their food is quite good but the prices are ridiculous!!! Don't think i'll be coming back cause of just that... Overpriced.
4	Love Canter's Deli.  It was all that I expected it to be.  Cornbeef sandwiches were excellent and service was great.  The waitstaff was very good as well.
4	So great! It is a little pricey, but the sandwiches are too big for one person to eat. Split it and enjoy!
5	Pricey for a sandwich, but there is a ton of meat in them. We ordered the sandwich that had cornbeef, pastrami, turkey, and ham- man- that was a good sandwich! It reminded me of a club sandwich. Mike and I were able to share it and be satisfied. We will definitely be back.
4	Very big and tasty serving of sandwich!  I had the World Cup special which came with a heap of very thin, adequately seasoned fries.  I was very happy.Their sandwiches are pretty colossal so if you're not that hungry, half a sandwich will last you for at least 3-4 hours.The only downside on this place is that they have a waitstaff that is stalks on customers.  He literally stares at people like it's nobody's business.  Try this place. Nom. nom. nom.
4	Sandwiches are big and tasty, prices are a little high, but still a good place to eat if you want to just sit and chat.
5	Loved this place the pastrami sandwiches and the fries were magnificent tried the cheesecake was nice and creamy so yummy. I would recommend this place to anyone and I will come back again next time.
5	The Reuben Sandwich is sooo good! Every time I go back to Vegas I try fitting in my schedule to go here for lunch. The sandwiches are huge and with the fries and a drink. You can get pretty full. The price is kinda up there, but knowing Vegas, you can expect the price to be expensive. I do think it's worth it to go there to try a Reuben if you've never had one.
3	My friend and I were staying at Mirage and plan to watch LOVE there.  Since TI was next door she wanted to come here for some frozen custard.  I didn't know what the big deal was about but it sounded awesome so we walked over in the very hot hot Vegas weather.  I think one shared is good 'cuz they really give a LOT for the frozen custard.  My friend enjoyed all of hers but it was a bit sweet to my taste.  Maybe I'm just used to the frozen yogurt places that have more of a tart flavor and not so intense sweetness to it but it didn't hit the spot as I wanted it to.  If you got a sweet tooth and you want to cool down I recommend getting this...otherwise, there's plenty of other stuff that can cool you down.
2	I almost forgot that I had bookmarked this, and tried it. Okay, went with my friend and his toddler a couple of months ago now.Quality of the food was OKAY - but it was ridiculously overpriced and has some of the weirdest looking decor. The deli is basically open to the casino floor, but done up in this... I don't know, retro 50's space age meets linoleum design. It's not very inviting. Service? Meh, nothing special but it is a deli.
4	When ever a deli is around, I have to take advantage of the situation and have a bite. Came here for lunch during the 4th of July weekend. I had a BLT and the boyfriend had a pastrami (I think) and watched the Spain v. Paraguay World Cup game. Yummy food. I had to save the second half of my sandwich for later (I was full after the first half!) Great place... Kinda deep inside the casino but worth it!
3	Heard about this spot in L.A. Didn't know they had one in Vegas. It's got nothing on Langers in L.A. It's a good pastrami sandwich but nowhere near the best. I only ate half the sandwich and gave away the other half. Make sure to put the coleslaw into the sandwich to give it a better taste.Recommendation: Pastrami sandwich
3	The next best alternative if you are staying at TI.  It beats waiting in line with barely any service at the Coffee Shop.  If you want food to go, come here instead of the Coffee Shop.I ordered the Famous Pastrami sandwich for $15, which includes fries and a soda.  Lots of pastrami included.  Not too shabby for something quick to eat.Soda: FREE RefillsFries: delicious thin and crispy!!Service itself can be slow when you order, since there was only one lady at the front.  She was taking her sweet DAMN time.  Once you order though, the food comes out quick!Decor is a mix of everything.  Retro but at the same time...are we in space of some sort? Am i going towards the right direction?
2	Restaurant is located in Treasure Island hotel.  I've been to Canter's in Fairfax, Ca and was hoping this would be the same - NOT!  Don't get me wrong the food was good the hubby tried the matzo ball its yummy and flavorful.  Unfortunately my Chicken Caesar salad was eh.The restaurant was clean and the seats are comfy it has that retro feel. Downside you can see the casino and hear slot machines and smell the people smoking as they walk by.
4	Went to Canter's for a simple meal one evening. You order and pay at the front counter and they bring your food out to you. I had a pastrami sandwich combo that came with fries and a soda. The sandwich was piled high with thinly sliced pastrami on nice fresh rye bread. You have your choice of mustard at the table to use along with other condiments. It tasted quite good and I downed every bite of it. The fries that came with were quite thin and piled high on the plate. I usually like nice thick steak fries the best, but these thin ones were some of the best I've ever had. You WILL be full if you clean your plate. My wife had the same combo with corned beef that was pretty tasty too. At $15.50 for a combo I'd say it was a pretty good value for the a big Strip casino too. I'll be back to try some of their other sandwiches.
3	Went to Canter's for lunch and was satisfied overall with the meal.  Canter's is the deli located inside of TI.  Overall, I have to say that if you asked me to pick a deli I wanted to eat at; for the money I still put Carnegie above and beyond all the other "strip" deli's.  Canter's did have the delicious beaverton mustard that Ashley and I love, and the fresh onion rings were delicious.  However, the sandwich and overall menu seemed limited in comparison to a place like Carnegie @ Mirage.  Canter's is still a safe bet if you find yourself hungry and spaced for time at TI.
4	Cool place to eat. I'm from NY but was enticed to go here by my friend from Cali. I was a little skeptical but the place was good. I had a Reuben here and really enjoyed it. It wasn't as good as what you could get on any corner in NY but it was pretty close. Lots of pastrami, nice and juicy, perfect bread...yum. I'd come here again.
4	I was craving some good pastrami and I found it here!This place is tucked in Treasure Island and its a good place to stop and share a sandwich w/a friend while casino hopping.  The portions are generous and the slices of pastrami very thin (I prefer it cut a bit thicker).  Because the meat was piiled so high I gave up halfway and ate the meat with the fork.  This is the closest I'll get to a nyc pastrami sandwich so I will be sure to drop by this place for a snack everytime I'm in Vegas.
2	Hmmm, this Canter's really didn't knock my socks off at all. As a matter of fact, I think I left feeling a little under-whelmed. This is a branch of the famed Canter's in LA on Fairfax and I was expecting a lot more. For around $15, I got a turkey on wheat, fries, and a soda. MAJOR UNDERWHELM-MENT. While there was a gang of turkey, it was dry, limp, and tasteless. Only when I slathered dijon mustard on it did I feel like my $15 went towards something.OH WELL. I do realize this is in Vegas, the land expensive meals. I did try another person's pastrami and it was pretty good. Again, I suppose that nasty turkey sandwich killed it for me. My tastebuds may have been shot from the late night prior, so I guess I will someday return to the REAL Canter's in LA and hopefully see what the hoo-ha is all about. I will not be returning to this Canter's sadly!Please, dear God, please let me be more impressed with the real one.
4	mmmm for matzoh ball soup.  this is a great way to end your trip after staying up way too late.  we stopped here on the way to the airport, and i got a half soup and half sandwich.  the half soup is huge and satisfying. my 1/2 sandwich was egg salad, which was pretty good, but i didn't even eat it until hours after the soup.
2	Came here yesterday and the matzo ball soup was amazing. Came back today for more and it was terrible. Today the soup tasted Lipton soup and the matzo ball was hard as a brick. Don't know what happened but they need help if they are going to serve soup like this.
1	Still searching for that  great Pastrami. My Daughter says, "Let's go to Canter's at TI. I thought great and man was I hungry.  I order the Pastrami, my daughter orders Matzo and her boyfriend the corned beef combo.The Pastrami sandwich was huge with Pastrami bulging out on all sides. Before I lathered it with mustard, I always take a bite to taste the natural flavors before I pollute it with seasoning.   I couldn't believe that this Huge Beast of a sandwich, didn't have ANY Pastrami Flavor. Give me a freaking break! $15 and NO FLAVOR!  And to Top it OFF, the rye bread it came on fell to pieces soon after the first bite. Upon closer inspection the bread was stale.  $15 and you can't serve fresh bread!  Never!  Ever,  will I return to to this place.  My search continues.  But I'm starting to think it is a futile search in this town.
1	This place is horrible and not a "Delicatessen"Extremely overpriced food for sup par ingredients and Stale Rye Bread. (see picture) Everything was just lacking in comparison to the LA Canter's Deli- I wouldn't recommend this place, and I wouldn't return. I'd rather drive 4 hours to the original.
4	One of the few places to eat at Treasure Island. The sandwiches here are huge. The Corned Beef Reuben was delicious! It was served with a plate of overflowing fries and a pickle. Its definitely worth the price because you'll be full after. If you happen to be in T.I. check it out!
1	The service at this place sucks. There was nobody there when we went and it took freaking forever to get our order in.I ordered the tuna sandwich and it honestly wasn't that great at all. Their fries arent all that and this place isn't worth the money they charge!I go to vegas ALOT and I'm never going back here.
4	So after a really long night of partying..my group was craving some delicious sandwiches.After seeing the giant sandwich ads everywhere in our hotel (Treasure Island), we gave into peer pressure and headed on over to Canter's.If you want to do it right you have to the get the Viva Las Vegas. It has pastrami, cole slaw, corned beef, and cheese. How amazing does that sound?The sandwich was huge. It was also expensive (almost $17).I noticed that most gourmet deli places (Canters, Langers...etc) bump up their meat prices like crazy.The french fries weren't that great..but the pastrami was sooo delicious.The only reason this place doesn't have 5 stars is because literally every sandwich is above $10.Thank goodness there is one in LA cause I know I will be craving their sandwiches verrrrrry soon!
4	I'm generally not a HUGE fan of pastrami. I'm more of a roast beef or turkey person, but since it was highly recommended by some of my foodie friends, I decided to give it  a try.  I ordered the reuben w/ pastrami.HOLY MOLY   - I LOVE IT.  Best reuben ever!! And believe me, I will be back next time for another one!!!NOte - Gotta say it is quite expensive. It's like $14/sandwich. It's HUGE, but still. I mean it is Vegas, so maybe it's just pricier.
1	This place is terrible mediocre sandwiches piss poor attitudes hardly anyone working on a friday night 6 people standing in line took thirty minutes for a $20 veggie burger and fries.... What a terrible first impression of treasure island.
4	I had spent the day walking up and down the strip.  I made it to fourteen different casinos as well as three different shopping malls.  I was beat.  I passed up many an enticing meal to eat at 'Wichcraft at the MGM Grand only to find it was closed for a week.  By then I was determined to have a tasty sandwich so I hoofed it back up the strip to TI to try Canter's.  I ordered a Pastrami Sandwich.  It was quite simple, but tasty.  Piled high with top quality thick cut pastrami on decent rye bread, it definitely hit the spot.  They also had a plethora of Beaver Valley Mustards on the table to try, which was nice.  I've never been to the Los Angeles original, but the Vegas knockoff was damn good!
3	This place is more like a 3.5 star joint.The wife and I decided to eat here on a whim during the last night of our stay in Vegas. We had passed by it a few times since we were staying in it's host hotel, the Treasure Island. Upon looking the menu over the first thing that hit me was that the place was damn expensive. Well, it's Vegas so I kept looking. The second thing I noticed was that they served corned beef sandwiches. I simply had to have one. I got one with fries and a drink for $15 and she ordered the tuna melt with fries.What this place really needs is more help at the counter. There were only two people out there and the line was long. They were taking orders, ringing up customers, bagging orders and handing out the food. The whole process could have gone a lot smoother if they had just one more person there.At any rate, we took our food up to our room and dug in. My corned beef sandwich was awesome. It was huge. It came with a nice portion of fries that were nice and crispy and they even tossed in a few pickle slices.I was full at the end of it all and pretty satisfied. I just didn't like the wait. It took forever to order our food and then another forever to get it.
3	First problem is that it's an impossibly long walk from the garage to the Deli in which you have to cross the entire casino floor. I'm pretty sure TI did ok with me paying 22 bucks for sandwich, measly coleslaw, and Odwalla OJ despite my lack of gambling. Speaking of OJ, serving Odwalla is definitely taking a loose interpretation of "fresh-squeezed". The actual "Viva Las Vegas" sandwich was great, nice, moist pastrami and corned beef, just as large as the sign off Spring Mountain suggests. However, the "Nosh Vegas" slogan, made me reminisce of great meals past at Jerry's Famous Deli in Orange County and Westwood and I was definitely put off by the fact I could not even sit in a restaurant on the Strip at midnight. If I can do it in Westwood, I should certainly be able to do it in this "24" city with great service and less the snobiness in West LA.
3	Great for those nights you are too busy getting ready for your night out to go to a restaurant.  Grab some food here and bring it back to the room.  Good variety and wholesome food.  Sure it's a little pricey but we're in Vegas baby.  Go big or go home.
5	De-effing-licious Reuben and fries. Stopped here before seeing Mystere. Fast food, huge portions, good prices (for the Strip).
4	What's a girl to do holed up in a smoky hotel and feeling under the weather? Head to Canter's for a steaming hot bowl of matzoh ball soup. I doubled down at this Treasure Island Hotel hole in the wall and found it to be the only redeeming quality of my Strip experience (Ok, one other. See my review of Bouchon). To be fair, I was in need of a cheap place to stay near the Sands Convention Center, so I got what I paid for. What's also great about this dining venue being in the hotel (or not so great depending on how you view it) is that you could pick up your dinner to go in your pajamas. Great, if you don't want to fuss with room service and want to get in and out. Trust me no one with notice since most guests are wearing similar outfits, as well, outfits. Other good menu items: the pastrami or corned beef, which paired with the sweet mustard is sublime. On an I'm-not-in-the-mood-for-meat night, I opted for the grilled cheese- a slightly gooey sandwich crisped just enough to easily dunk into the soup. Stick to the basics and you won't go hungry.
3	I love Canters. This place has been here forever and I love that Guns and Roses used to frequent this place back in the 80's. I love their corned beef on rye or a kaiser roll. Either one is good. Just depends on my mood. Also, surprisingly their burgers are really damn good. Simple but tasty. Just the way I like them. I also love that their matzo ball soup has one giant ball in it. That's the best part. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because one, the service is off more than on. And second, personally I think their prices are a little high. I'm sorry but for a place that has been around this long, their prices should be inexpensive. But other than that its good food. Be aware that if you come on a weekend in the morning or at night it can be busy. And if you park in the lot next door don't forget to stamp your ticket when you pay your bill.
1	DO NOT COME TO CANTERS. STAY AWAY!!this is probably the whackest sandwich i've ever had. look at my reviews, I feel terrible giving out single star ratings and usually add-on a few in a desperate attempt to salvage the review.. but in this case. i'd give it zero if I could.-$12.75 FOR TURKEY ON RYE TO-GO.-TWO PIECES OF HARD, STALE BREAD AND A FEW SLICES OF TURKEY. HOME GIRL GOT THE ROAST BEEF AND THERE WASN'T ANY LETTUCE OR TOMATO SLICES, NADA!-NO MAYONNAISE, MUSTARD, KETCHUP, ANYTHING?sheeeesh, huge rip off, terrible tasting dry sandwich, long wait, terrible location.. i will never be back.
5	I cant believe I have not written a review on this joint even though I have been here a half a dozen times or so!This place is awesome!  If you want a great deli sandwich in Vegas, come here.  Its expensive, but you definitely get what you pay for!I always order the Canters Delight.  Its like a club sandwich minus all the vegetables.  Its a triple decker sandwich stacked with ham, turkey, pastrami, corned beef and cheese.  It is easily in my top 5 favorite sandwiches in the world.  The thing is gigantic so you better come hungry.  You have to kind of contemplate how to navigate this bad boy for a minute or so.  I always grab my knife and load it up with mustard, then spread a little on the corner of the sandwich and then dig in.  Every single bite is amazing.  The rye bread is soft, delicious and has a good crust, the meats are plentiful, juicy and piled high, the cheese is tasty.  Its pretty much damn near a perfect sandwich.   My wife always orders the BLT on rye and that always comes out fantastic too.  They must use 10-12 slices of bacon on this monster.  We always come hungry and leave stuffed to the brim with smiles on our faces.  Its amazing what a great sandwich can do for the soul ;-).
5	Hallelujah is a word rarely used outside of church. But hallelujah, this place must be a gift from baby Jesus.Can I get an amen?
1	MUY TERRIBLE! We were looking for something to take to eat on the drive back, and though sandwiches was a good option. Sandwiches might have been a good idea, BUT not from Canter's! I ordered a pastrami sandwich and paid (approx.) $13 for two slices of bread with some pastrami thrown in there. DON'T COME HERE. You should go somewhere else - Subway is even better.
4	Really wonderful pastrami sandwich with a side of fresh fries.  More than satisfying and on par to the original Canter's location.  Service pretty quick.  Located in the "newly" updated Treasure Island hotel which has no idea what it wants to be -old school pirate adventure? -or cool ultra hip hang out?  I think they should have stuck with their original classic pirate theme...but I digress, this is about the restaurant,  not the hotel.  Husband got the corned beef which was just as good!  Stick with the traditional deli favorites and you'll be happy!
4	Coffee not good- but....everything else was delicious! I got a BLT and my boyfriend got the pastrami-great thin juicy slices. Both yummy! Lots of room, not crowded. The menu says all made on rye bread but the cashier asked what type we wanted, so you can get other breads.
5	omg!!  this place is the bomb.  I was staying at TI and never knew about this until someone brought me here.  We ordered the pastrami on rye.  The sandwich was huge.   We ordered onion rings and french fries.  The servings were huge.  For the sandwich and fries combo was about $16.  not bad at all.  Love the decor.  Best french fries ever!!  I cant wait to go back/.
4	While wandering back down the Strip from Stratsophere after seeing a show, my husband and I realized that we were about an hour away from catching the Sirens of TI show which we've never managed to catch on any of our visits to Vegas.  Rather than stand outside that long we decided to pop inside and grab a quick bite to eat.Canter's was awesome!  Yes, it was a bit spendy for a sandwich joint, but the sandwich was completely filled with corned beef - to the point where I actually had to take some out to get the sandwich in my mouth.  The rye bread was soft and fresh, and the "TI Sauce" added just the right flavor to compliment the meat.  My only complaint is that for the amount of meat on the sandwich, there needed to be a bit more sauce.
2	$28.00 for two people to each have a sandwich, share a drink and share fries. Why does two pieces of bread with one item stuck between it cost so much?
5	$10 for a basket of wings (about 15 pcs) and fries. Add $10 and you get a pitcher of beer. Blue Moon was my pick!
4	The pastrami sandwich is ok but I was pleasantly surprised by the chicken fingers.  They were more like chicken hands and they were really big, tender and they give you a lot.  They are a little heavily breaded and crispy but why not have a little excess when in vegas.
4	We were staying in TI and decided to eat before flying out. We each got a sandwich which we thought were a bit high priced at $15 but  those things are packed with meat! Totally worth it, we could have split one sandwich but we  just took it on the plane with us. One thing I would recommend is not subbing onion rings for the fries that come with your meal. The fries are Amazing- and if you order onion rings you get like 5 and you have to pay $2 more. Overall delish food, great for hangovers and not too pricey for the strip.
4	Good pastrami and patty melt. Expensive, but big portions. Definitely spiltable
3	This place is really good. I have to say that I have never tried Matzo ball soup and their soup was delicious. I also tried their BLT and Pastrami Sandwich. But, MUST THEY ALL BE SO  MESSY!! Sweet heaven!!! The BLT fell apart in my hands that I ended up having to eat the bread by itself as well as the bacon. The same with the Pastrami.  I only give it 3 stars because of the Matzo ball soup!! You must try it if you get a chance.
2	Ya, bread is definitely dry, but they fill it with lots of meat. I had soup and sandwich and soup was pretty decent chicken noodle soup. Lots of noodles and big chunks of chicken.The ham and cheese was just ok. I mostly ate the inside since the sourdough bread was so dry.Shoulda maybe had the rye? My mom hated the matzo soup, but she is used to small matzo balls in the soup.You can't get to the soup unless you dig threw the matzo ball which is as big as the cup.She didn't like the flavor of the matzo, I thought it was ok.Cheap for Vegas and fills your tummy.
3	Convenient and reasonably good simple eats here if you're staying at TI.  Didn't think there would be a place like this inside, the food is actually better than I had expected.  Sandwiches are the main highlight here, so I chose the Canter's Corned Beef Sandwich from the menu.  I believe this place is supposed to be like the Canter's Delicatesse in LA, which is pretty popular.  The corned beef was actually pretty good (usually don't eat corned beef) and I ordered a chicken soup which turned out to be slightly better than the canned version you might find elsewhere.  Friends got different sandwiches and fries on the side... The fries weren't the best but good enough.  The place wasn't too busy and had enough space for our group.  I probably won't be back here unless I strangely got the opportunity to stay at TI again.  Anyhow it felt really good since I was so hungry and was ready to start the night of partying we had ahead of us.
4	I love the rye bread on their pastrami sandwich and the matzo ball soup.  This may be my second identical review, but it is that good.
3	Since we had a show in an hour we didn't have much time to sit down and eat so we decided to get something fast and easy....Since the theater was in Treasure Island we didn't have that many choices so we settled for this place....Whoa huge pastrami sandwich with fries and a pickle and a drink.....$15...I only had half but it was super filling....The rye bread they served the pastrami on was really good and crispy and the pastrami itself wasn't super salty like some places. It was big enough for me to split it with my bf and we didn't really finish the fries....the cashier was very friendly too since I told him we were kinda limited on time and he was friendly enough to assure us it wouldn't take that long to make it. =) I would come here again but then it's Vegas...I wouldn't say I'll go here for dinner since I would want to eat buffet but maybe good for lunch. =) but I would also share the meal if you don't eat very much like me...cause it was enough for me and my bf....and well $15 for the combo meal is a bit much. heh
4	One of the best hidden secrets on the strip.  The best pastrami sandwich I ever had. Price is fairly decent for the amount of food you get. The sandwich also comes with fries. Be sure to try their mustard, the best.
1	The portions are tiny, and the prices are very high. I ordered an orange juice, and received a shot glass of it. After receiving the bill, the OJ was $7 and my bagel was $5. This is the definition of a TOURIST TRAP.
5	What better place to get introduced to the knish! I'm totally a fan! Ginormous cakes in the case make waiting in line almost exciting. Heading out to Vegas in a couple weeks and totally plan to pay a visit. Already planning what to order, pastrami sammie, knish and chocolate cake... and my party will have the same coz we're sharing, portions are huge!
3	I had the half sandwich and soup.  Also ordered a side of coleslaw.The soup was chicken noddle,  It had loads of thin short noodles in it.  Soup was OK, there was too much tarragon(dill? always can't differentiate some of the herbs) in it for my taste.  I was able to order my half sandwich with wheat bread.  Pastrami was very good.  Sandwich comes plain so I added mustard and piled on half of my side of 'slaw on top.  Good sandwich and pickle.
5	I was shocked to see that Canters didn't have a 5 star review on yelp!  If anything, they should have a Grinch That Stole Christmas type broken box with the stars expanding beyond the parimneter because a reuben from this place is seriously one of my favorite meals on the planet!Yes a "Viva Las Vagas" (as the sandwich is called here) with fries and a drink will run you over $15, but the meal is HUGE!  My husband and I are both big eaters and can easily split this meal.  So you are looking at the best sandwich of your life, with fries, for around $7/person.  Some nice additions, if you are feeling super starved, are the matza ball soup and the frozen custard.  They used to have the most amazing carrot cake ever, but I haven't seen it here in a while.The staff is always super nice and we have never had to wait longer than 15 minutes from the time we get in line to the time the food is ready.  My husband and I have to come to Vegas for work twice a year and we never miss a stop to Canters!
5	Awesome Roast Turkey and Grilled Cheese sandwiches.
4	I'm a big fan of Reuben sandwiches and this one delivers!It's HUGE and stacked tall. I can never finish the whole thing w/o wishing I should've eaten half. **on a side note, the only other item i tried was chicken fingers which were too salty**
4	I had a fabulous veggie burger. The prices are crazy high, and the meals are super large, so I would suggest splitting your order with a friend. The fries are delish too, don't pass them up, I almost did. My sis had the reuben and loved it, but it was pretty stacked up with meat. Free refills on soda, thank goodness.
4	Super good, especially if you're staying at Treasure Island.  Awesome chicken matzo ball soup (like homemade).  Tasty, crispy, shoe-string fries.  Great rye bread and delicious corned beef.Going back for a second time before we leave the hotel cause we liked it that much (however, we'll get it go as it's right in the casino and pretty noisy).
4	always good.. morning.. lunch dinner.. all day every day.. 1/2 sandwich and soup is the way to go!!
1	Food was great but they got the worse customer service. I felt like the guy was racist because I was Asian and he was White. I am never going back to the restaurant again.
4	I always look forward to going here when I'm in Vegas (then again I look forward to going just about everywhere in Las Vegas). Other than checking into my room, this is usually one of the first places I go as soon as I get off of the plane. Make sure you're hungry when you go here, the sandwiches are HUGE. I always get the corn beef sandwich. The corn beef is sliced very thin and all it can use is some yellow mustard and you're good to go! The sandwiches are a little pricey but then again so is everything else in Sin City.
5	Are you kidding me!! The pastrami was amazing by far the best I have ever had! Now all I need to do is figure out how to duplicate it because I live to far!  Not sure how the rest of the food is and probably will never know because the pastrami is addictive! Did I mention the pastrami?
2	I guess I might have gone on a bad day??!!I wasn't impressed at all.The bread was dry and stiff and the pastrami had no flavor. They put so much meat on my sandwich I couldn't get my mouth around it and they might as well have given me a loaf of bread to go along with all the meat so I could make a sandwich for work all week.I will give it another try due to all the other positive feedback but for this visit i have to say it was too expensive and not tasty.
2	Chix noodle soup is heartPastrami sandwiches were soggySkinny fries were good. Portions are huge Pricing is a lil High compared to other delisConvenient if staying at TI
2	Came here famished and mostly because of the positive Yelp reviews about a spot right in Treasure Island where I was staying.  Sorry to say, but I was NOT impressed...Way too much corned beef sandwiched between 2 thin slices of bread...might as well be a meat entree.  The meat was so thick that I could not bite into it without the the slices slipping and falling apart to land on the plate instead of my mouth.  The swiss cheese was rubbery in texture, lacked any cheese flavour -- in fact, it was rather artificial-tasting.  The sandwich came with only cheese and loads of meat.  Condiments were self-serve at the table.  The saddest part for me was the meat itself -- pastrami and corned beef are supposedly Canter's signature items.   The corned beef was far from delicious;  I actually had to force myself to finish even half of the sandwich, not because I was oversatiated, but because the aroma of the meat was starting to make me feel ill.  Came so close to ditching it at the restaurant when conscience nagged me to pack it to go for a snack later.  Really hate wasting food.  Later that night, as I was about to finish the rest of the food at the hotel, I could not help but recall the experience of not enjoying the sandwich even while it was freshly made.  It was destined for the trash at that point.Far too expensive for a sandwich at $16 when I have had superb ones in the range of $13-16.   A major flop in my books.
3	Super overrated...  Yes, the pastrami's good, but not THAT good.  It's also not worth $15 a pop.  Yeah, I know it's Vegas, but please... not that good...
5	Had the corned beef sandwich on rye, good sandwich, fries thin and crisp, they have Beaver brand deli mustard good on sandwich, seats comfortable.
4	Since there is a lack of deli's of this type back home, i've been eager to check this place out.  More importantly, I wanted to try a knish as I have never had one before. So my "research" left me with three choices: Carnegie, ZoozaCrackers, or Canter's.  Carnegie seemed too ginormous for me as I wanted to do a sampling of things, & Zooza's, while interesting, i've never heard of before. So I chose Canter's.I ordered a half pastrami on rye & tossed salad ($11.50), my potato knish ($6.50), & a soda ($3.50).  Total bill came out to $23.24 w/tax.  EXPENSIVE.I like that it is very casual here.  Place your order & if you eat in they'll give you a numbered card where you mosey on to any open table & wait for them to bring your order.  My order took a little more than five minutes since it was not very busy. The food was delicious & filling.  The potato knish was very good.  The outside pastry was flaky & the potato filling was seasoned perfectly for me.  Some gravy on the side would have pushed it over the top.  Too bad I couldn't finish it all.  I should have gotten the maztzo ball soup instead of salad but that would've been carb overload.  I would definitely come back, but I only wish their prices were lower.
3	Heard a lot about this place, and how great the sandwiches were. was a little disappointed. maybe i just chose the wrong one to eat. i mean nothing was wrong with it. it wasnt bad, but it wasnt all that eather. just meat bread, lettuce, tomato, onion, and packaged mayo and mustard on the side. you have more choices at subways, for a lot less.
4	For a place inside a hotel, the pricing is pretty decent in my opinion.I usually eat here since I get comp through the casino when I gamble.  Yes, I like it here because I can order and just take it to my room.  I usually order their cheeseburger or the tuna melt.  I believe that those two are solid choices here.  Every time when I order their cheeseburger, it seems that it usually takes about 15 mins.. So if you are in a hurry, get the tuna melt!Place has kind of a bar seating and self serve tables.  There are folks who clean up the tables and what ever you leave behind.  It's close to the sport books so convient for those who are betting on games or catching an NFL/NBA game.. I like it.. I get to watch multiple games on the screen.
3	I'm not sure if they changed their menu and the way they prepare their food, as the last time I went in Sept 2012, their hot dogs were on those rollers, reminiscent of a 7/11 convenience store.Back in the day my previous trips, they had a quality hot dog that was butterfly cut down the middle and then grilled to a crispy perfection in a nice fresh bun.  I always skipped the pickle or had it put way off on the side so the pickle juice didn't get on the bun.  I'm not sure if that still exists or was replaced...  If it was replaced, they should put the hot dog on rollers in the back kitchen, 'cuz it's kinda a turn off...
5	this place is great! as good as a DELI gets . I laughed so hard as people looking at the MENU were muttering $Sixteen dollars$ for a sandwich lets go somewhere else .LOL hey dummy "you get what you pay for" and the price point here is perfect . basically you share this giant Delicious sandwich with pickles and sides and both of you are very happy . this place really is a bargain being inside a casino .
