4	The wings are awesome!!  I understand the wait at this place on Tuesday nights...especially since this is the only Native New Yorker around for miles.  Going back soon I hope!!
1	service was ok but the place smells like a urinal cake
2	Where to begin....I had some pizza bites or something like that. They're like Totinos Pizza Bites, but when you bite these, bright orange grease spews out the back side and burns your hand. Avoid them!I found the restaurant side uncomfortable; there aren't any booths where you can see the TVs from. With the noise level and the inexperienced waitresses, a TV view is necessary.Places like this would never make it outside of Phoenix, but there are so few options in Laveen, this is one of the only sports bars in that area worth going to.One saving grace; the beer selection at the bar is fair. The draft prices are okay. The wings aren't as flavorful as I had hoped - or as hot as they scare you into believing - but they are cooked good and have good texture. There are a lot of TVs but it seems like they're hard to see wherever you sit. The crowd is good, and they have trivia game machines and weekly poker tourneys. All in all, it's decent.
3	This place is totally hit and miss.  There are times when you don't even want to come back to this place because the service was so bad. However, the "majority" of the time they have pretty good food. You can never go wrong with their chicken wings, steak sandwich or bow-tie chicken Alfredo.
3	I've lived in laveen since 2001, before 51st ave became a large street, and when you had to drive to get groceries anywhere.I've had great service in the bar at native, but sitting in the other area is just plain dumb if you're over 21. Tonight we had crap service, the only reason they recieved 3 stars is because of previous experiance. I reall don't understand how you can leave a table sitting for 15 minutes with empty glasses, while you disappeared into the kitchen. never once coming by our table to ask how our food is, this service is one of the worst i've ever had.with that said i love honey hot wings, i'd probably bath in the sauce if it was possable.
3	It's a sports bar that is known for its wings.  I really like this place for that purpose alone, but I question the insane growth of its menu since I was a regular at the original Tempe location as a kid.On one trip, we ordered a couple of the "lighter" appetizer plates and got a good laugh.  The veggies were as expected, but the cheese plate was simply a bunch of soup crackers (still wrapped, mind you) with some kind of processed cheese spread and a few chunk of cheddar, etc.  Not good.  Same goes for the other times I've tried experimenting with the menu.Pizza: terrible deal.  We decided to order takeout recently and ended up with a 14" pizza that cost $20 and was smothered in cheese.  Ummm, nothing like a NY-style pie.  Nothing at all.My friend Steve from upstate New York says that the wings are nothing like the real deal either, but I wouldn't know.  I'm just fine with the traditional sauce and the BBQ hot at Native New Yorker.  But like anywhere in AZ, don't forget to ask if you prefer blue cheese dressing instead of ranch.My advice: go here when you want a beer and wings, or other bar food.  Don't expect anything spectacular and it should be just fine.  And btw, the only decent beers on tap are Guinness and Blue Moon.  So don't expect a big micro-brew selection either.
3	The Wings are pretty good. At least on Tuesdays on Wing Night. Lots of fried food. Everytime I go there I think that I will enjoy the food, but when I taste the food I remember that most of it tastes really boring. Stick with the wings...
3	Like some of the other reviewers my husband and I have had nothing but trouble with the staff at this location. They disappear for 10-15 minute periods and rarely refill your drinks unless you flag them down and ask. Some of them also have a knack for ignoring you once they've given you the check...The food here is usually good. We get their Native Style Strippers with BBQ sauce and the cheesy garlic bread, both are yummy. Beware if you get take-out from here, they have a tendency to screw up your order. One time we got honey BBQ instead of normal. Oftentimes they forget to give you things like ranch/sour cream or give you prepackaged when you asked for house dressing. You really have to check your order before you leave. Even though the food is good, if there were more in the way of restaurants out here (hopefully there will be soon) we would probably go here maybe a once a month instead of once a week.
3	Stopped in here today for lunch, to try their Wednesday Special of a 1/2 lb. Burger & Fries for $4.99.  They give you your choice of curly or steak fries, & I went with the curlies.I'm not a fan of TVs playing in a restaurant, & they had 10 of them that I could see right from my booth!  Fortunately, they were all turned down.  Unfortunately, music was playing out fairly loud over the P.A. System, & I had brought something to read if I could just hear myself think.In a little while they turned the music down some, but then they were switching it back & forth between the likes of George Thorogood & Justin Bieber!  Either of the channels would have been fine with me, but at another time & place.Gripes about the atmosphere aside, my server was friendly & attentive, the food was good, & the Special was an excellent value.     :-)
2	I'm very patient when it comes to restaurants and bad service. I have a 3 strike rule, so even if I have a bad experience once, even twice I will often try to understand and consider why the food or service was bad. But I've tried eating at this location 3 times now and each time the service was poor and twice the food was prepared wrong (and no I don't order my food any different than most). I like other NNY locations just not this one.
3	had the house specialty pizza and definitely not the best i've ever had, but pretty good (albeit i was starving).  the wings were very tasty however,  still unsure if i'll order from there again. i feel there is much tastier pizza for much cheaper price at dominoes up the street.
1	Ate here on a Saturday night and the service was extremely slow and poor. We sat down at 5:45PM and ordered our drinks for 6 guests. Took about 35 minutes to get our drinks then we ordered our food immediately afterwards. We inquired about our food and they said they would check on it and we continued to wait. Took 47 minutes for our table to get our entrees which came out slightly warm as if they let it sit there for the entire duration.Guest 1 - Veggie Wrap was coldGuest 2 - Alfredo cream with pasta and Chicken, came coldMyself - Ordered a medium rare Top Sirloin steak, came out dry and over cookedGuest 3 - Wings was alright but coldGuest 4 - Pizza was alrightGuest 5 - Quesadilla, was coldOverall experience was we were so dissatisfied with the service and food we discussed walking out. And warning the patrons walking into the restaurants to be aware this place has mediocre service and food at best.I would not return to this place nor would recommend this eatery to anyone else. Before we left we were asked if everything was okay? We complained that the food was cold and the service was unsatisfactorily slow and the waiter said alright sorry and walked away. What kind of service is that? Offer a solution to remedy and issue like complimentary dessert or a small discount on the bill to make your customers happy. You are in the food industry and happy returning customers keep you in business.DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!
2	Dined last night for an early dinner around 4pm. I was not greeted right away matter of fact 3 employees past me prior to what appeared to be a manager tell me she would be right with me. The restaurant was slightly busy with large parties and tons of take-out orders. The server who walked us to our table ended up being our server during our dining experience. She started off very friendly but then ended up being very rude. Her exact words were that we were making her life difficult. This was because we told her what we wanted for desert when we placed our order. This was only to be proactive. Well we requested our baked cookie to have the ice cream and toppings on two separate plates. This meaning one plate with the baked cookie and the other plate with the ice cream toppings. I am still trying to figure out what is so difficult about that. Especially when she is not the one who is preparing it. The good news was the food was great and came out in a timely manner. Our table split a Pizza and Wings. It did take a while for us to get our desert however this may be because our server got another table? Which they were not happy with her either since she did not come across friendly to them. This was my first dining experience there. I have always ordered take out. I would have had a good experience if the server was friendly. I could tell she did not like her job because prior to setting me she complained about the children that were dining before us and the mess they made. This was service minus the smile.
4	4 stars because of the wings, take out service is horrid. Dine in service is worse.
4	Been here a dozen times, but our friends that lived across the street from it just moved so probably won't go back as frequently.  The wings are great, the food is generally good.  I have never had a bad food experience here.  The service depends.  In the dining room, which I rarely use, the service has been pretty good.  In the bar, which is usually where I am sitting, the service is almost always slow.  But as I have said in other reviews, the beer is cold and I have always had a good time here, so that counts for something.   Also, when I say slow service, at least they routinely check on you at that place.  It's not like at Gallaghers on Baseline where they just never even bother to talk to you or stop back by your table after the first interaction.Cold, affordable beer + a good time + decent food + slow service = 4 stars in my book.
3	This is one of my local food stops.  Good food, not too expensive, but sit-down quality.  Good place to watch a few games.  I like the wings (have had better though), but the best thing there is the Native Nachos!!! My roommate and I go there just for those.  The only negative is just like Scott M. said... The service is spotty... however, opposite to Scott, I refuse to sit in the dining room because of the terrible service on that side.  In the bar, I have had no problems.  When I go to a restaurant, I do not want to feel like a burden to the staff, which is exactly how I felt sitting on the dining room side.  If I could star each side, I would give that side a 1... The three is for the bar.  Nothing special, but not bad either.
1	Okay..There was three of us, and waited 30 mins to be seated.  We didn't complain..  It took 15 mins to get our menu.. Waitress just disappeared on us.  So, I had to ask other waitress to get her attention.  15 mins to get our drinks.. At this point, we were gonna leave, but it was getting late and didn't want to go else where.  So, we patiently waited and tried to be understanding, even though place wasn't that busy.After placing the order, we waited 25 mins or so for our food.. I mean we ordered wings, and it shouldn't take that long..  Well, they screwed up one of the order by giving us something totally different..  And wings were over cooked.. It was too dry!  I asked the waitress, "Is there a reason why it took so long to get drinks and food?"  Her answer was, "We are busy?"  Really????? REALLY?? Place is not even half full.. I see staff standing around talking.. You consider that busy??So I was about to call the manager to complain, then one of my friend said.. "Don't even bother.. We are not coming back here again.. So just let it be"..  Terrible service, with terrible wings!
1	Tried it like four or five times. Their customer service is horrible. The food takes forever to come out. You wait forever for the bill. I love native new yorker just not this one
4	The wings are good, the beer is cold, and it's not Applebees. That alone makes it a four star place in my opinion. It's Laveen. Our choices for a "sit down" meal are very limited, and personally, I hate Applebees.
4	Good food, good service and lots of TV's - Had a good time!
5	Awesome spot in AZ. A must visit when I arrive to visit friends because no one makes Strawberry Heat wings anywhere in CA. Any of the wings you order on the menu are certainly a win in my book but my love for the Strawberry Heat is like nothing else comparable to what is offered in CA. Not Wing Stop, not Wing Nuts, not nothin'!!!! Oh also had the calzone here and it is mighty good. Fresh out of the over crispness, the pocket stuffing is cheesy gooeyness in contrast to the fresh meats, & the sauce accompanied with it is great for dipping. Native New Yorker also has a separate bar for an adult setting & later at night they provide karaoke for fun drunk times. Family side also available with tons of TV's all around & sports throughout the day/night. You can't go wrong dining @Native New Yorker.
1	Well after the first five good trips to this place I must say the service has officially came to the status of shitty! The last two time we walk into the bar area and seat our selves as usual we wait two more party's come in and promptly are waited on fifteen minutes later waiter says I can help right now I'm busy! Someone come and acts mad and gets us drinks we order right when he gets back and says I don't know why the other guy didn't help you! The bill came with the food no refills no are you ok! We try and wave someone down to pay and no one responded. So I get up and chase down a passing bartender and ask if I can pay with a big sign and a few huffs and puffs she take it we pay and leave! Today we walk in sit and wait five minutes a couple walks in sits gets menus and there drinks! This time we leave and don't think we will be back anymore! There loss seeing as I am a good tipper and a nice person.
1	I havent been here for a year and half, they use to have great buffalo wings, and now ehhhh.  We use to frequent this place every week until they changed there buffalo wings recipe and they are now breaded, not naked.  Met friends down there last night for drinks, but you would hardly know its a Sports bar, because the Music was so loud last night I couldnt hear the person next to me when they were talking! Dont think we will be going back again anytime soon, unless they change things, so back to Applebees we go.
1	Ok, so we know Laveen doesnt have squat for dine in food.  NNY /Laveen just lost our business tonight. My wife ordered food to go, 50$ worth, and was told to pick it up in 30 min.  I get a message from my wife after she had been there waiting another 30 minutes, only to find out our food was luke warm , and had been sitting on a shelf for over 15 minutes.   No staff checked.  They just said "its not ready".  During this, someone came off the street, ordered to-go right while my wife was waiting, and HAD THEIR FOOD BEFORE SHE DID.  We are done with this place.  Pizza is so-so anyhow, depends on if you have a good cook  that night.  This is the only local place with decent wings though.  The store manager just brought the food and said "sorry its late" and offered nothing.  Other NNY around the valley I have had decent service and food, too bad Laveen sucks.  These are franchised, not sure if the owner really cares and if the manager is even a manager, or just the bartender covering... sad sad
1	Service sucks! Jerks abound...
4	If I had to rate the food alone, this place would get 3 stars.  Luckily, I am including service.  I have read most of the reviews and it seems they have a service issue.  Well, we actually experienced great customer service.  My friend and I sat in the bar area.  We were served by a very charming server named Lloyd.  What a nice guy.  So if you want good service, ask for him!Now, for the food.  We started off with the asiago wings.  Delicious!  I would order those every time.  Then we ordered a pizza called Meaty Beast.  I am going to assume that the pizza is frozen or the toppings are.  When we got the pizza, my friend and I were trying to identify what one of the toppings was.   It look like freezer burned sausage, maybe?  We tried a piece and it had no flavor, so we took as much of the sausage like material off.  I can't say I would ever order that again.   We also had drinks, which were just fine.
5	The veggie calzone was well prepared and tasty. My colleagues' salad looked good. Service was courteous and prompt. Would come back again! The New York Style cookie w/ ice cream is great!
4	Our visit was during happy hour on a Tuesday where we were surprised to find specials on both beer and and wings. I had the $4 Blue Moon and my husband the $3.75 Coors Light. We also shared some wings. The food was great, the beer was cold and the service was both friendly and attentive. We noticed that there are also $3 bud lights on Sunday! We will definitely be back.
4	Food was excellent, service was good will come back. The only negative item was for some reason all the TVs has to be on the football game and playing loud hard to have a conversation.
5	Yes at times the level of service may fluctuate depending on how busy they are but it hasn't stopped me from coming back again, and again nor has it stopped my kids from requesting it on family night!  You cant beat the prices and the wings and drinks are always fresh and pleasing.  You can come hang at the bar and even do a lil karaoke. Or you can bring the fam and watch a game on any one of the hundred tv's on the walls.  My favorite drink is the "Liquid Marijuana"  and my fav wing flavors are spicy honey mustard, asiago parm and bar b que HOT! Matter fact Im about to go eat there right now! I love this place. Maybe the problem is YOU, ever think about that? LOL #some people are just hard to please
2	Service was just fine! But the problem was the my girlfriend left her phone on the table when we left. We went back to get it and not one employee would help us find it. Everyone we talked to said they didn't see it. We were gone at the most 15 min.
5	The food was great! I had the Philly Cheesesteak with the broccoli and cheese soup. Everything was delicious! Our server Mathew was awesome! I would definately come here again.
2	I have been here 3 times recently....and twice ordered the boneless wings. They are terrible. Not cooked recently, obviously sitting under a heat lamp because they are lukewarm and stale. I could only stomach one piece the second time i ordered them (hoping I would have a better expierience the second time around) because the sauce was soooo sugary and the breadding was so stale. Yuck. I have also had the California Cluck which is a tiny piece of chicken on a huge bun.  If you like bread... Order this. The only reason I will go here is because they have beer. And there is nowhere else to go in Laveen. But they don't have Kiltlifter on draft so this is a huge minus for me.
4	Great service and the food was really good. I've been here a few times and I've only had a bad experience once.
3	3.5 StarsThe staff at this Native New Yorker goes out of their way to attend to your every request.  I've been to a few locations and this one hands down has the friendliest staff, sit-down restaurants in this area are very few so service is an excellent way to keep customers coming back.  This chain is best known for their wings which are pretty good.  You can choose from bone-in, boneless and strippers.  My favorite side here is the tater-tots with the wings.  You will find all the traditional sports bar grub.  I can't speak on their pizzas but am amazed that they do not offer a Gluten-Free crust yet.  As you walk in to the right you will go to the dining area which has a fair number of tables and booths that are not piled on-top of each other.  They have enough TVs with different feeds to cover multiple sporting events.  From the front door to the left side you will walk past the bathroom into the bar.  This area is not as big but is your best bet to immediately sit down during the lunch rush.  Though the food isn't the best the customer service is great which is why I return here for business lunches.
1	A horrible representation of the native New Yorker franchise, this location is filthy dirty. We sat in the lounge for a beer and some wings and I immediately noticed the sticky/dirty table, I then noticed the shades were covered with sauce and slime of every type, the staff was engaged with conversations with "regulars" and failed to pay any type of decent attention to other guests. My cousin ordered wings which were ok but the service was impersonal and un attentive, this is the worst looking and ran native New Yorker I have been to. The decor is horrible and rivals places on reality tv that need a major makeover, I would guess if corporate came here they would shut it down. This is a sad snap shot of a good company.
1	Wow unbelievable !! Went with my mom & my brother & ordered a salad ,a plain burger & a club sandwich . It was a Thursday at 2:50 was not busy at all only 3 tables were full . & still waited 45minutes for our order . We had to leave because I was so hungry (35weeks pregnant ) & told them we can't wait any longer & still made us pay 8 bucks for 3 drinks .. They were rude about the whole situation ...
3	I love to come for the Micheladas!! Spicy and delicious with whatever beer u prefer!:)
2	We ate here twice in the past week while we were in Phoenix (same location).  The wings are great (get the crispy version (bone-in) with whatever flavor.  Pizza and salads are also very good.Enough about the food.  The first night we met some friends and were about a half hour late so they had already ordered so we dismissed the poor service.  We didn't have silverware and when my wife asked, the waiter asked if a plastic fork was ok.  She had a salad and wings.  I looked up and asked U Wot M8?  "Are you serious?"  He just stared at me and said he would go get one but they were dirty.  I said we don't want a dirty fork and he just left. He came back with not one, but three sets of perfectly good silverware wrapped in napkins and they were clean. Needless to say, the waiter was dreadful and I had a hard time tipping him anything but I mustered a small one.The second night we came back and the place was dead, maybe at 20% capacity but the lounge seemed busy (on the other side).  We even prefaced our meal and told our waitress about the horrible service the night before thinking she would get the hint.  She didn't.  Our food took forever, even if the bar was crowded.  She was not attentive to our drinks and, again, I had a hard time justifying a tip.Bottom-line:  Go for the food because it IS good but don't expect anything beyond that.  They must train the staff to give horrible service on purpose.  I don't know how else to justify what we experience on two different nights with a small crowd.
1	Very bad customer service! We were there about 2 hours before closing and there were three other small parties besides our big party and it took 15 mins to get welcomed 20 mins to get our drinks and 1 hours to get two pizzas and 24 wings. I understand we were a party of 9 but I mean when the restraunt is almost empty common you can do way better. Our server was never to be seen when we needed her and it was just not a good experience. I will definately travel the extra 15 minutes to the next nearest location on 99th they are definately a better place!
1	In the bar to grab a drink and some wings. Place is filthy, tables are greasy and window shades are spattered with sauce gunk. The drink menu holders have a gross film on them , went to wash my hands after shuffling through the filthy drink menu. Bench seats have rips in them ... Not appealing at all.
1	This place was once a good spot now they serve soggy pizza and cold wings. service is not great i just waited 45 minutes with 4 tables full. Don't go if your hungry.
4	Great place for wings good selection of beers nice atmosphere bartenders were knowledgeable and fast don't miss this place
1	30 dollars for lunch!!!!!My husband and I came in for lunch and ordered from the lunch menu, even pointed it out on the menu. Waitress came back to get our order again. The menus were gone, she had taken them but we repeated our order. We ate, the food was good...but when we got the bill she had given us regular prices rather than the lunch specials we had ordered. We pointed it out to her her mistake, she then told us WE should have been clear we wanted the lunch special. That we got more food than the lunch special and we had to pay it. She refused to give us the lunch special prices, making our bill almost double. And then had the nerve to tell us that the next time to be very specific and to remeber that the wings are 35 cents on tuesdays. I paid it, but she got no tip and they lost a customer...
2	The service has really gone down. It's a convenient location but I'd much rather travel across town to 99th ave if the service is better. The waiters take forever and aren't attentive in the least bit. It's almost as if they feel you are taking up space. Not to mention the fact that the last time I went, my friends and myself sat in the bar and they refused to serve us our food bc one out of five of us did not have their id. The manager states id is required to sit at a booth on the bar side, yet the sign that states this is on the back of the door that is standing wide open. So how do you expect someone to see that? And if that's the case, someone should stand at the door and card people. Very poor business practices.
3	I always enjoy it here, good beers on tap, plenty of food to choose from and a great spot to watch the game. Service has always been ok. I've never had an issue with the food. No complaints here, during the football season I come often.
3	Well, the restrooms are similar to a dive bar. No one seems to check on them throughout the night. A family restaurant ...  The bar staff are phenononal.
2	This is my first Yelp review.  I waited 30 minutes for a Coors Light, and our food took a lot longer. Multiple times the server asked if I needed anything and I reminded her about my adult beverage. When she went back to the bar the bartender pulled my pint out of the fridge.  Guess she forgot about it. I gave it two stars because I had four tables of awesome friends around me.
2	I was in Native today with my 7 year old. We waited 15 minutes, after being seated just to have a Waiter stop to ask if anyone helped me. I replied no he never gave his name but took our drink order. We again waited 7 minutes to receive our drinks. When they came he took our order I ordered 2 dozen salt and pepper wings extra crispy that came fairly timely but had some sort of really bad lime flavor. He passed us 7 or 8 times, I lost count. My son finished his drink and wanted another do he asked me 4 separate times if the guy could get him a drink. Bottom line the worst service I've ever had. The only pleasant thing was the hostess was very nice
5	We recently came in with our 16 month old, waited over 30 mins for our appetizers, over an hour for our food to come out. We eventually called the manager and told her we no longer want the order and would like to leave. The baby was past him time being out and we were extremely frustrated. The place wasn't busy at all so we have up. The manager Beverley, hooked us up with 2 food vouchers and have us our food to go for free. Her kindness was appreciated and for that, and only that, we will be back.
4	So here's a the deal.. Wings are always good, drinks are always strong but the service is like a box of chocolates ... "You never know what your gonna get" in my Forest Gump  voices. The bartenders are always on point, I've never left Native feeling like I was cheated, but the service can be sooooo good and then the next time you go it Is sooooo bad that it's literally like a surprise at every visit. Final Say: Overall nice local spot to watch the game...
1	To make what could be a very long complaint short, food is pretty good, service is absolutely terrible..  The first few times I went (about a year ago), never had problems with the service.  The last few times I've been there, I'm pretty sure we've had the same server each time, and we are always there FOREVER!  She never writes anything down, and is constantly forgetting things.  I've served for years, and know the "oh shit I forgot to put something in" look.  Each time it's the same story...20 minutes after ordering beer refills (that we had to flag them down for), she goes to the bartender who promptly starts getting our beers, and then goes to the computer.  It always takes forever to get our food, and I notice that everyone sits and talks for a bit and then go to the computer to put in the order.  Decent food and shitty service seems to be a running theme for this place.  The last 3-4 times we went we've had terrible service (and they've never been busy when we go), and that sucks because it's slim pickings for restaurants in Laveen.  If they hired some decent servers that actually cared, I might start going there again
1	In trying to find a "positive" from our experience at Native, all I can come up with is "at least no one was shot." The atmosphere is dark, bleak and depressing. From the way the serving staff lounges around you'd think that this is just something they're doing for fun. I'm pretty sure our server forgot we were actually there; when she did remember she forgot to bring my Guiness--twice. No napkins, no plates until we asked. Finally our $10, 10" house pizza came out and looked about as appetizing as a Red Baron microwaveable. The larger problem was that our cheese pizza, which we ordered for our kids, did not come out, and we were informed it would be 2-3 minutes. Five minutes later, after sitting and watching our pizza get cold, we called the time of death, paid for our wings and left. The wings are about the shittiest I've ever had. If this place were offering $20 and all-you-can-eat, free wings and had topless servers and did my taxes while I ate--I would still not eat here ever again.
