4	You're kidding me, right?  NO ONE has written a review on this place yet?  It's the Coca Cola World (otherwise known as "Coca-Cola Bottling Company)  that's located on THE Strip in Las Vegas, and I'm not the first one to go there..... so....Anyway, if you go, it's worth the $7 to go try the Tastes of the World coke sampler on the top floor.  They offer you 16 samples of beverages that are made in different countries under the Coke brand.  There's things like Mandarin Fanta, Watermelon Fanta, Ginger Soda and things like that.  Gotta share with you.... and this is a fact as of January 2007 (who knows if they'll change their list of samples)  theres one in there that, to my taste, is TERRIBLE... I'm not going to give it away, but it's a CLEAR soda....  On the same tray there's a soda that's flatter than the rest and er.... not that great either, but not as bad as the clear one... uhgh... ew.... Have fun!!!
4	I'm with you Jasmine! I had that nasty one in 2005. It tasted so flat and bitter. Totally from another country! I was hoping they would change it, but I guess not!! I love the coke floats here...to my memory, they cost $2.50 and are totally satisfying on a HOT vegas night. Come here and take a pic with the big polar bear!! so cute!! They also have these flavorings that  you can add to your coke. I tried the chocolate one. My friends didn't really like it, but I did!! it was a great twist on a classic beverage. This place is awesome!
2	Blah, this place used to be a ton of fun, but then they shut down the tour and everything that was fun about it.  Now it's just a big random bottle and some shops - like we need more shops on the Strip, right?  $7 to go to the tasting floor?  That stuff used to be free, man!
4	The Coke store is a fun place to visit for any die-hard Coke lovers out there - I'm sure it's not as great as Atlanta, but this place has some great fun a la the curvy green bottle.Take a break and splurge for the $7 International tasting menu and get some innocent onlooker to drink the nastiest drink ever made. We got someone to do it and he even offered! The other flavors are pretty delicious and the 16 flavors are enough for 4 people (or more) to share.Take a picture with the Coke polar bear or buy a mini-glass Coke bottle to take home. The Coke shirts and home items were actually quite stylish with lots of fun graphics by well-known designers. Try a few shirts on in the fitting room shaped like a glass filled with Coke!"If you prick me, do I not bleed Coca-Cola?"
4	this place is a lot of fun to visit. there are all kinds of coke memorabilia. i bought some lil souveniers here for my parents and i sent a few things to kaelani from here. they have everything from clothing to all kinds of coke products (drinks, pencils, pens, postcards, books, recipies, etc) it's fun to watch people spend their money and time drinking those samplers. the green curvy coke bottle...that's the spot.
3	This is somewhat of a Coke memorabilia collectors Mecca.  And while I'm a Pepsi girl, I can enjoy this place (almost) as much as the rest of 'em.It's rather fun to see the ridiculous items that you can purchase with the Coca-Cola logo on them...I had no idea there was any sort of demand for Coke trash cans, baseballs, or scarves - but apparently there is!Every time I go, I get my photo taken with the huge Coke polar bear statue inside.  It's a must-do and it's super fun.However, in the last few years the quality of the place has gone down.  They closed up the tour that you used to be able to take, which was, quite honestly, my favorite part of visiting the store.  I still like to visit, but I do wish the tour was still in place!
4	Firstly Ive been drinking this stuff since i was a baby so when i walked in my little eyes lit up! Yes its so corporate and yes they just fall short of having a tatoo shop out back for logo tatts for kids, but its cool.        We got one of the round the world taste trays. This is basically two trays with 8 half's filled cups of everything coca-cola make in the world. its just fun and its only $7!! The best one is smart apple from china (its bright green) yum yum..  ooh also try the mystery bags they sell @ the sales desk.. you choose the price band..sometimes its crap inside, but you get a surprise
4	We had a great time here.  We were walking back from the Wynn to our hotel and we stopped in here.  I was actually looking for Coca-Cola socks but we were exhausted and thirsty so we went up to the soda counter.  The guy behind the counter was great.  We got our coke in a bottle and sat there for a few minutes.  The guy behind the counter started talking to these girls who were from Taiwan and started to speaking to her in Taiwan.  And he even sang for her.  He was just great.  He made that store.  If you're in town and need a place to stop before you go gamble some more, stop in the Coke store, it's fun.
5	Ok I'm biased because I'm a huge freak for vintage Coca-Cola items and their polar bears. Loved the Coke bottle building and cool items. I did the $7 tasting and that was pretty cool. I couldn't finish them all though because they give you so much of each sample. I could only take a few sips of each because it was so much. Maybe they should give you the flavors in shot glasses instead?I think know which one you guys thought was the grossest tasting. Should I give it away? Maybe they like it in that country, but damn.
3	I admit, I thought this place was kinda cool the first time I was in Vegas.  I even took a pic with that polar bear that everyone else takes pics with.  I've never been back since that one and only visit.It's cool if you're into that memorabilia.  I'm really not into it.
5	I have loved Coca Cola for years and to come here was pretty cool! Everything Coca Cola is loaded with anything you can think of with the logo on it. Glasses, t shirts, calendars, hats, games and the actual soda this place has it and more. Its very fun for a Coke enthusiast. You can get a nice lil bottle of Coke for a buck, how awesome is that! Plus you can take fun pictures with the polar bear statue, good times!
5	Every time when, I come to Las Vegas on a vacation trip, The World Of Coca-Cola is the one stop that, I always like to shop for Coca Cola souvenirs. The World Of Coca Cola Of Las Vegas is a very big place that sells tons of Coca Cola memorabila. I wish that they could have a World Of Coca Cola in San Francisco.
3	I can testify to the attraction of this place. I don't why or how but I always visit this place regardless of how drunk I am. There's so many different kinds of sodas from around the world and it irks me that they don't sell them here. WTF!!! But otherwise there is a great arcade down stairs and a great view of people trying to climb the artificial wall thing from any level of the structure. My personal favorite is the crazy looking mannequins situated through out the place. I should post the picture of me next to him while he's making "googly" eyes at me......memories.....
4	World of Coca-Cola is a very "cool" place. "Cool" in terms of temperature of course. On a hot summer day in the desert, there is nothing better then going there and cooling off with a drink. The World Sampler is really one of the best deals on the Strip. For $7.00, you get to try 20 different drinks from around the world. Some are really good and you will wish that they had them in the U.S., but there are some that may cause a spit-take. If you have a group of 4 or less, definitely only order one sampler though since the samples are big.
5	We took a picture with the coca cola polar bear first and then received a coupon for a free fountain drink. I was really craving a coke float so I was really excited when I saw they served them! The float was good, exactly what I wanted.The cola store was also pretty cool. Lots of cool coca cola stuff from t-shirts to all kinds of souvenirs...I remember seeing a purse made out of the caps from a cola bottle! If you're in the area or near M&M world be sure to stop by here, its upstairs!
4	This was actually a very cool place with lots of not too overpriced product and a good sales section.  We especially liked the line of recycled product from Coke UK and the 'Coke Around the World' sampler (which we didn't try) was cool.  Much better than M & M world.
5	amazing. i like the coca cola polar bear a lot. i came here since i was a kid and it's so cool, it's full of coca cola stuff, altho i'm a pepsi freak, but this place is awesome.
4	The used to have different flavors on tap but now its just mini bottles. Any anything & everything coca-cola store next to Gameworks & Ethel M's.
3	When I came here when I was a kid ten years ago, I thought this was the coolest place. Basically, I was a coke fiend and by that, I mean I was addicted to soda, especially cola. I drank those giant two-liter bottles in one day. The first time I visited, everything was dispensed by fountains. They gave a big tour and explained a lot of the sodas and all the floors were open. At the end of the tour, they let you roam free and try all the different types of sodas from around the world. It was also all you can drink. Knowing this and being the frugal Asians that we are, my dad emptied all our water bottles and we drank until we were full and then loaded up a few bottles of soda in those water bottles. We avoided the nasty soda and loaded up on the ones we liked. Oh how things have changed. I came here last spring and now everything is different. The tour is gone and the third floor is completely closed off. They no longer have the soda fountains for all you can drink. Instead, they offer a tastes of the world soda sampler with either 8 or 16 different drinks. Some of the drinks are really disgusting. I'll let you figure out which one it is. Don't try to do the 16 sample challenge on your own. In fact, don't even try it with two people - split it with at least four people. I guess they still have pretty cool Coca-Cola souvenirs and replica vintage items for sale, but like everything else in Vegas, prepare to overpay.
5	Again.. repeat of the M&M world review... This place is a total trap, but worth it if you are looking for that almost one of a kind item for the Cola fans in your life. I got a machine that blows bubbles and my fan LOVED it. Unique items that you can't get just anywhere. Prices were average for the type of store.. good quality shirts and novelties.Good time for free.. well admission was free. It does cost to get out.  HAHA
3	OKAY this is more exciting then m&m world.  Maybe because its so huge!   I made my friends take a picture with the cocacola bear! hahaha that was a mission though because crazy families kept cutting in front of us and my friends were loosing their patients.  It was fun getting those looooong bottles of cocacola to help us cool off in the insane vegas heat!
5	I am a Coke drinker, and very rarely take the pepsi route so i had to hit up this place... picked up a few cute coke novelties and then had a drink at the soda fountain. Ohhhh and my favorite part is the Coke bear.. rub his tummy and hear the Mmmmmm coke bear sound : )
5	Allright, Allright, I totally agree that this place is a total tourist trap and yes, you can blow all your money on Coca Cola memorabilia, etc.......But, it's such a cool store!  It's located right next to the M&M World Store so you can hit up the M&M's and then head over to the Coca Cola place.........Anything Coke (the soda, not the drug folks!)  related they have at this place.  Shirts, sweatshirts, the trade mark Coca Cola polar bear toys, kitchen stuff, desk stuff, pens, pencils, post cards, and the list goes on and on!  It's a two story store with the first floor being more of the toys, the stuffed animals and little trinkets.  I remember the first time I was ever there they had a HUGE plastic polar bear smiling in the front of the store that lots of people used to take pictures on, but they since took it out (about 3 months ago) to replace it with a man walking around in a furry polar bear suit that you can take pictures with, for a small fee of course!  Upstairs they have more of the adult stuff with original coke glasses, kitchenware, apparel, etc.  They also have a  Coca Cola counter where it resembles the old fashioned soda counters and you can sit and have a Coke in an old fashioned bottled.  They also have bottled water, etc.  The staff is very friendly (caffeine high perhaps?) and even if you don't want to buy anything, it's fun to walk around and look at all the fun stuff :)   Definitely one of my fave places in Vegas :)
4	perfect place for coke addicts! theres soo many coke products, its craazy. t-shirts made from recycled plastic coke bottles?? i was kinda disappointed cause its pretty small compared to M&M's 4 or 5 levels. the products are a little pricey, but they are one of a kind and you cant really find that stuff anywhere else. there are a lot of great gift ideas. the top level has an old school snack bar with milkshakes, old fashioned glass cokes, etc.you'll have a pretty fun time checking all the stuff out. hit this up!
4	Soda Soda Soda. This is my heaven. I love soda. Come on a hot day and you will love this place. Forget pepsi, coke beats them hands down. They have tons of shirts, memorabilia and other coke related items. I was tempted to try their world taste soda sampler. I looked in their vending machines and their 20oz bottles were regular price, not 4 bucks like all the hotels and attractions around the strip. Score!However,  I spotted glass bottle cokes. I asked for one of those and a 355ml bottle from mexico was 2 bucks. For those of you who don't know, the US coke does not use real sugar for political, economic and social reasons behind sugar cane imports. Instead, american coke contains high fructose corn syrup. So if you want to taste coke like it was intended, pure if you will, you need to find one in a glass bottle. After a full day of walking around doing hotel site seeing, this drink was soooooo good.
4	after the m&m store we hit up the coca cola store. i was craving coke big time when i was walking around this place. this store sucked me in. so i bought myself one of their specialty floats.. it was a st.patty's float with irish creme coke, a scoop of vanilla ice cream, topped with chocolate shavings.. or something like that. anyways, it was delicious!!! and i was surprised at how cheap it was... $3. actually all their drinks/floats/tasters seemed really cheap here! i wish i had gotten their sample taster tray which was only $7 for a huge tray of different coca cola brand sodas. mmmmmmm next time!i secretly think these stores are kind of lame and wonder who would blow their money on pointless memorabilia like a coca cola tshirt, cup, or something stupid like that...but i guess there are people out there that do. anyways, despite my thoughts on lame souvenirs, its actually pretty fun if you're just browsing you can also take a picture with their polar bear ...but you have to pay for it...don't know how much. i was almost going to do it until i got a closer look at him.....1 star for the very unattractive and creepy looking polar bear :( i was disappointed. its so cute in the commercials??? it had red eyes for some reason! bah
4	I thought the products is cool but I would not buy except I enjoyed trying around the world Coca Cola and took a picture with the polar bear:)
4	For the coke fans that can't make it to Atlanta, this is the next best thing! Great place to pick up your coke memorabilia! Great selection of apparel, housewares, souvenirs, and just all of the things one might need! Great priced coke if you are walking up the strip during the summer!Be sure to stop by the soda counter and check out the coke sodas from around the world! If not, be sure to just grab a coke!
4	If you're a Coca Cola fan. This place is a must!!!!!!! If you head upstairs there's a counter where you can try out two different sample trays of coca cola branded sodas. Some are good and some are...ehhhhh! Haha.
4	I was born and raised in Atlanta - so let's just say I have a small affinity for Coke and the Coca-cola brand... So I always make a point to stop at the World of Coke store when I'm in Vegas.Not only is it refreshing to get out of the casinos for a while - you can head up to the second floor to sample some different types of soda, catch a coke float or just get a ice cold coke. YUM!
5	This place is really cool- everything Coca-Cola that you could ever dream of!! The staff were friendly and there was even a cute Coca-Cola bear at the front of the store that you could take pictures with. Adorable. The Coca-Cola floats were delicious and I even saw there is a soda sampling you can try with sodas from all around the world. Neat. This store is just all-around great for Coca-Cola fans.
5	Can not got wrong with coca-cola and the prices here were not expensive and just right and a great time for some soda since it was a blazing 100 degrees.  I like the ice cream float and soda pop there especially.  If you get the 8 cup sampler float the cups seem small, but it is quite a bit and had a hard time finishing it and I usually love ice cream.  Anyways I bought myself a coca-cola shirt and a bank and just pigged out.  It is a pretty big store to shop for the prices are not too bad to buy merchandise. i thought it was going to be worst.  Anyways the next time I go, I got to try the 16 flavor sampler which I will like and it is $7 dollars hehehe. Probably be more the next time I try it.Anyways I definitely go back if I had the chance and buy more and drink more, but yeah so addicting and so sugary hehehe.
4	This place is like a miniature museum....although I didn't get a history lesson like I did in Atlanta.  But the plethora of merchandise amazes me.  This is a perfect place to buy Coke paraphernalia for fans like me.  I had the opportunity to taste 16 international flavors of Coca Cola.  For $7, we got two trays of 16 different colas from across the world, spanning from Spain, Germany, Tanzania, and Mozambique. My favorites were the Smart Drinks from China (Smart Apple and Smart Watermelon).  Beware of Vegitabeta from Japan and Beverly from Italy.  I'm assuming (and hoping) people drink these bitter-tasting sodas for medicinal purposes.  Ugh.  Makes me appreciate my usual -Cherry Coke Zero- even more! If you've got down time with the family, check this place out!
4	Pepsi ain't got nothin on this place!This place will satisfy any fatty who loves Coca Cola.If you think it's just a store that sells cola ... you're wrong. It's soda souvenirs, shirts, soda bar (that is pretty good, I must say), Coca Cola from around the world, different flavored Cokes, and there's so much more wonderfullness that I can't possibly name all of it.You have to go yourself to see what I mean.
4	We came here and did the Tastes of the World Sampler too, which is definitely a great deal for only $7. However, we couldn't finish it all as the samplers are actually pretty decently sized and get very sweet and sickly after a while! It was interesting to try some different sodas though, even if a couple of them were a little disgusting! Asides from the sampling, the store is huge and there's a lot of gifts, souvenirs and goodies for coke lovers.
5	I SLURP COKE! HAHAHAHA....PEPSI DRINKERS PLEASE COME HERE SO WE CAN CONVERT YOU! This place is awesome! Everything coca cola. Some merchandise a little over priced. But hey....its a tourist spot, what do you expect? I bought this really cool huge coke bottle piggy bank....YES I ACTUALLY BOUGHT ONE....lol... You have to go upstairs and try their Coke float...its AWESOME... also you can get a pic with the coke bear..which is totally cool...
5	I am a huge Coca-Cola fan.  HUGE!  Both my husband and I agreed best beverage price on the strip.  I had a coke from Mexico in a glass bottle, because if it was my way it would be the only way drink it...from a bottle.  My husband got a large coke float....this float was huge.  My coke was $2.50 and his float was $4.75....great prices.  This is a fun place to go and kill a little time.  :)
3	This was another great place to duck out of the oppressive Vegas desert heat on walk up the strip from hotel to hotelCoca Cola has become so mainstream these days that it's hard to remember that it used to be sold in drugstores as having some medicinal value. A real lesson in branding!As expected, it's a huge retail experience with the Coca Cola logo being available on a frightening number of goods. It's also amazing how many versions of Coca Cola are available globallyI also like the fact that the Coca Cola is available in bottles - this is what I grew up with in Malaysia
3	I enjoyed this place more than M&Ms World, surprisingly. We tried the float samplers (8 mini floats in different sodas) and it was a bit much. I was hoping it would be cokes from all over the world, but it was coke, root beer (the best one, always a classic) and tons of gross fanta fruit flavors. We had a few bites of each one but it was waaay too much for 2 people. Cue stomach ache.Bottom line: fun to look around and try new things, but only get a sampler if you have a big group of people.
4	If you love Coke everything, this is your store. We dodged into this store to get out of the Las Vegas heat and ended up having an awesome time taking a photo with a polar bear and trying 16 different CocaCola owned drinks from around the world. That's 16 full cups for only about $7.00. Sounds amazing at first, but it's cheap only because you will not like how half the drinks taste. Here were the flavors: Nestea Raspberry (Spain) Krest Gingerale (Mozambique) Nestea Peach (France) Cool Nestea (Bolivia) Vegitabeta (Japan) Bibo Kiki Mango (South Africa) Delaware Punch (Honduras) Aquarius Citrus (Taiwan) Bibo Pine Nut (South Africa) Lift Apple (Mexico) Fanta Kolita (Costa Rica) Beverly (Italy) Kinley Lemon (England) Smart Apple (China) Smart Watermelon (China) Stoney Ginger Beer (South Africa) My favorite ones were the drinks from Asia like Smart Apple and Watermelon from China, Aquarius Citrus from Taiwan and Vegitabeta from Japan. (You can always count on Japan to come up with the weirdest English names) I also liked Bibo Pine Nut from South Africa, but after a while it felt like I was drinking syrup. Everything was going great until I tried Beverly from Italy. I think a part of me died when I drank this because it is the worst thing I have ever tasted in my life. Why Italy? What did I ever do to you to deserve such a horrible taste?? I tried washing it down with the other drinks, but the taste stays with you for about a minute which made things much worse and I just looked like I was spazzing out in public.
5	Globalization sucks but exploring the tastes of 16 drinks from around the world was one of the more adventurous/less conventional things to do on the Vegas strip. This review will be based on the flavors of 16 drinks, all owned by subsidiaries of Coca-Cola. The cost of two trays of 16 drinks is $7. Flavors seem to change weekly. They're not all soda.Beware:1. Bypass the paraphernalia. The stand is on the second floor. Go upstairs.2. Seating is not guaranteed. Since it's Coca-Cola, breeder families flock to the bottle like flies to sugar. They occupied the front three tables near the stand. The parents looked more bored than their 7 kids, all of whom were playing with toy cars and plastic Disney characters on the tables. None of the toys were from the Coca-Cola store.3. You are given two red trays stacked one on top of the other. Don't worry. Unless you are super clumsy or somebody pushes you, you will not spill the stacked trays.4. Sitting on the floor is an option. We sat on the floor with four trays (two trays each) of drinks because there was absolutely nowhere else to sit in the area. Although I didn't mind sitting on the floor, it may be highly problematic if the sitter is old, disabled or a fat breeder. We were one of three groups sitting on the floor.The flavors:We were given two pieces of paper that indexed each of the drinks we were trying. We took a pen out and wrote some notes about the flavor of each drink. I recommend taking a pen out and making notes about the flavors of things you're trying. It makes you think about and remember what you're trying. The following list highlights the drinks from the notes I wrote.Tray one:1. Inca Cola (Peru) - Sweet, good2. Sunfill Mint (India) - Tastes like Scope mouthwash3. Stoney Ginger Beer (South America) - Reminds me of ginger candy4. Aquarius Citrus (Taiwan) - Not fizzy, like a watery orange juice5. Delaware Punch (Honduras) - Rich berry flavor, tastes like cough medicine6. Vegitabeta (Japan) - Powdery flavor, like it was pre-mixed7. Smart Watermelon (China) - Light taste, subtle flavor, good8. Kinley Lemon (England) - Way too tangy, too much lemon/limeTray two:1. Lift Apple (Mexico) - Reminds me of apple cider, prefer apple cider though2. Fanta Kolita (Costa Rica) - Overwhelming and conflicting flavor, way too sweet3. Krest Gingerale (Mozambique) - Blah! Yuck! Not a big fan of gingerale4. Bibo Kiwi Mango (South Africa) - Not sparkling, a little too sweet5. Bibo Pine Nut (South Africa) - Very sweet, not a fan of pineapple6. Smart Apple (China) - Powerful, too much zing7. Beverly (Italy) - BITTER! Unsuspectingly so; aftertaste8. Mezzo Mix (Germany) - Tastes like Pepsi or Coke
3	We were looking for something cheap to do that would kill some time, so we headed down to the Coca Cola store. I am not sure what I expected...maybe more of a factory? This was just a huge 2 story store selling all kinds of Coke merchandise. We decided to do the 16 tastes from around the world, which was only $7 - not bad! I got in line to order it while BF stalked people at the tables, ready to steal one when they left. This place really needs more seating. Luckily, he was able to get a table for us to do our tastings at.I brought the two trays over and we started. None of them were very soda-ish...more like fruit juices. Some were really good, some were really weird, and some were just flat out nasty. It was definitely interesting though, to see what flavors are popular around the world. I liked the mint from India, and the pine nut from South Africa. The Beverly from Italy literally tasted like chemicals and was disgusting. The samples are quite large, this would be better for 3 or 4 people. The BF and I tossed most of them because it was just too much to drink.This place was interesting, I wouldn't come again, but I do recommend stopping in if you like trying new things, or if you have kids.
4	this place was awesome. my wife and i went here because we are big coke fans and needed some cool stuff for the house. while i was going up stairs i couldnt help but notiice the the lady infront of me was not wearing any underwear. how was i able to tell? she had a hoochie skirt on. damn was i impressed. well after the free peep show. the wife and bought some glasses and a couple other nick nacks for the house. good times
5	Don't leave Vegas without taking a tour of the sodas from around the world at World of Coca-Cola. My husband I were just killing time and decided to check this out - so glad we did. For $7 we tried 16 sodas with lots of laughs. Beware: Many of these sodas range from not very good to terrible. Don't get the sampler with the mindset that you are going to enjoy a bunch of refreshing beverages. Try the sampler knowing that you are paying for an experience and you'll have a great time. A float sampler with 8 of their sweeter flavors is also available, and I'll definitely be checking that out next visit!
5	Fun place!!! its cool to walk around and see all the coke products through out time and some of the clothing is great. All you need is the Fanta girls to be walking around and you would think you have died and gone to heaven ha-ha. Up stairs they have a soda fountain and they have a sample plate you can get with sodas from around the world. I have not had the chance to try that yet but it looks cool. I will say though I can never leave vegas with coming here and getting my self at least a dozen bottles of sprite and coke for a buck each oh and how can I forget the Chocalte soda!!!
4	Take a picture with the coca cola bear! He'll bit your head for fun! its great! they let you take a picture with your own camera, and then they take it with theirs, green screen working and all. The bear is pretty funny, his eyes, ears and mouth move. take a picture with him. you can be the penguin and he'll be the polar bear that rips your head off!the store is filled with lots of coca cola products, pretty amusing. But upstairs after you get your pictures, they have a soda fountain counter. You must try the coke tour around the world. You get 16 sodas for 7 bucks, Its a sample mind you, but its 2 trays with and damn that's a lot of soda. You can totally share with your friends. yes share with them, you'll never drink it all alone. Its pretty interesting to try all the different sodas out there. But be WARNED Beverly from Italy, damn that thing tastes like battery acid! but the rest of them are pretty interesting to try. Mint soda, orange citrus, its pretty cool, and you'll be amused.
5	You can take free pictures with your own camera with the polar bear, who is cute and plays fun tricks on you like sticking your head in its mouth.On the other hand, I got the pull the polar bear by his scarf and kiss him on the nose. Five stars for that alone. ;DYou can look up your pictures later at mycoca-colastorephotos.com (you need the photocard number from the card given to you after your picture was taken).
4	Pretty cool alternative to those of us who don't booze it up in Vegas.  We did the sample coca colas from around the world.   2 trays, 14 different sodas for $7.  Not bad.  We had a few favorites such as the Mango Kiwi, the Watermelon and an Apple flavored one.  Be aware that not all of them taste good.  The Beverly tasted like socks.  You have been warned!  Overall, it was a good experience for someone who likes Pepsi over Coke.
4	Just like the M&M store, this place is awesome for Coca Cola aficionados.  For those that like Pepsi instead, it's more of a novelty store.What's cool is that this store and the M&M store are connected so you can visit one store after another.Just FYI, Coca Cola has been around since 1886 and is now sold in more than 200 countries.I am more of a Coke guy than a Pepsi guy so this store is worth a visit in my book!
5	I love Diet Coke and Coke products. This store has just about everything that's ever been made: from coke piggie banks to shirts to lanyards to the Polar Bear. Not to mention that they sell Coke and have a fountain bar up top. Great place to see!
4	If your a Coke person you'll love it if your Pepsi you'll come over to the coke side! The store offers 2 floors of coke collectibles and gifts plus the Sosa fountain where you can try Coke products from around the world it's a must try you get 16 cups of sodas for $7 from everywhere some good some Great my favorite is the Italian one that's clear ,don't try this alone you need help 2-4 people it's allot of Pop and it's a 1 of a kind deal it's a store I stop in every time we are in Vegas I suggest you check it out!
5	at the south side of the strip. by MGM Grand.$8 for a 12 sampler of different & nasty coke from all over the world.they should update & add diet coke versions.thank god there is a bathroom here.  clean at that.inexpensive souvenirs/ knick knacks.$7 for a pen, pencil, & a magnet.there is everything imaginable here.oh, but i didnt see any 50's era diner type stainless steal tables & chairs for sale.....theres only about 8 tables to sit at to enjoy your sampler platter.so hurry & drink  & compare later..
5	Nice pit stop on a hot summer day's strip walk. Be sure to head to the top floor to sample their international line of drinks.
4	Now here's something fun to do in Vegas besides gambling and clubbing. The Coca-Cola store has a lot of souvenirs for the big Coca-Cola fans, but what's fun about the store is the "Taste of the World." You can purchase 16 flavors made by the Coca-Cola company for $7. Definitely more worth it than the stupid frozen hot chocolate at Serendipity (please see review for Serendipity).  Note that these flavors are not different versions of the familiar Coke that we have tasted, but rather different flavors of soda that Coke has put into production for other parts of the world.  The samples are more than enough for four people to taste.  Definitely a good way to kill a little bit of time during the day (when it's too early for alcohol).
4	along with the M&M factory, a good free Vegas place to visit other than hotels. my friends and I wanted to go on the Coca-Cola tour but apparently they stopped the tours since 2000. we totally felt behind the times. however they do offer the12 sampler for $8. after trying some flavors in the Coca-Cola Store at Epcot (one of the Disney World Parks in Orlando, FL) I passed. plus after drinking those yard long frozen cocktails, you get pretty buzzed and feel great. the fourth floor is outback steakhouse in case you wanted to continue your journey up the Coca-Cola bottle.
3	A couple of my friends were in town and wanted to check out the Coke store. We hit this up after we had just finished stuffing are faces at Hot N Juicy Crawfish. My friend didn't care that we were already suffering from food coma and ordered both the Tastes Of The World Tray and the Float Variety Tray. I think it was $16 plus tax. The Tastes of the World tray had 16 Coke brand sodas from around the world. Half of 'em were nasty.They Float Variety tray consisted what I believe were 8 U.S. Coke products with a small scoop of ice cream in each. I don't remember any of 'em being nasty.There were 3 of us and I don't think we even finished half. It was fun to try once.
2	We went straight her from our road trip expecting that the sampler would be available  but unfortunately it wasn't available at the time... We came back the following day & got our sampler... Some of this coke are so nasty & my kids even thought that by ordering once is not enough for a party of 4.  We had a lot of left over samples... nothing beats the classic coke.
4	Yah got to love a good sugar rush. Get the Taste of the World tray to get a sample of coke products from various areas of the globe. It was an amusing way to spend an hour or so. You definitely have to give it a try...be forewarned there is one soda on that tray that is an eye-opener...you're just going to have to order a tray to find out what I'm talking about...=)
5	Once we entered into the building,. the cocoa cola bear was on the right side, ready to greet and pose for the camera.  The camera man was so nice that he offered to take a photo with my own personal digital camera,.. YAY THUMBS UP!My friends and I took the escalator upstairs and already planned on doing the cocoa cola tasting,.. $7 (SEVEN DOLLARS) to taste 16 different types of cola,.. THUMBS UP AGAIN!The three of us just ordered one set to taste and we had alot left over,.. if you don't mind sharing germs and being the last one sipping the cup,. you can share it with at least 4-6 people =)My favorite cola was the smart watermelon &smart apple.  They both happen to be from China!!! I can't recall, but one of the cola tasted horrible,. when I say HORRIBLE,. I mean BARFFFF,.. it was like taking a shot of vodka, but the flavor still stays on your tongue until you gurgle the next cola,.. I believe the nasty vodka tasting cola is Tray2 #7 Beverly from Italy?!,...SCOREEEEEEEE,.. because I had an awesome time =) If you haven't had the chance to do the tasting!! DO SO NOWWW
4	Came here with my niece and nephew for their yearly summer visit and the kids love it! The reason I love this place? Three words: BIG MEXICAN COKES! If you like Mexican Cokes, then this is best place to come outside of your local hole in the wall eatery to get your fix! This is the only place I know of in Vegas where they sell the 500ml big bottles! YEAH!!!
5	i really enjoyed the "around the world" beverage.. except for the beverly's drink. that one was really bitter. they also had these really cute coke bottles and cans for coins. i bought one for my brother as a souvenir.
4	This is a must visit spot for several reasons.Reason #1 It's cheapReason #2 It's funReason #3 Extremely friendly staffReason #4 It's cheap. (I already said that. Oh well it's worth saying again)I'm not a fan of Coca cola but I came on yelp and everyone was so excited abut the taste of the world. Well let me jump on the band wagon. The taste of the world was great. It's interesting to try the different drinks from different countries. They also have great portions sizes. It's enough to share a serving with 2 people.We also had the Float Variety Platter (which was OH so yummy!) The taste of the world tray offers you 16 different drinks from different countries. There are 8 drinks per tray. Also it's only $7 for the taste tray. The float platter wasn't that bad either. It was $8 for 8 different floats. ( I tasted 3 of them before I blew one out of my back end, which subsequently made my hubby go into a laughing stupor)We also were able to take pictures with the Coca cola bear. They (the staff) take pics with your camera and one with theirs. It's was great fun for us at Coca cola World but I must admit, I will take a gas-x pill before I try the float platter again.
4	Haven't been back to this place for at least 10 years, so much has changed! They used to give a tour of  Coca Cola's history and how it came to become so popular, but it is no longer there :( The lady told me it is not just a retail store.. Booo! One neat thing was being greeted by the live Coke Polar Bear. The photographer will take a picture with your own camera as well as take a "Professional" photo of you and whoever else you're with. We ended up buying the photo, because it was so darn hilarious when the Coca Cola bear bit my friend in the head (in a playful way of course). They do offer a Taste from around the World ($8), which is 16 small cups of different Coca Cola products from around the world. I must say, some of the samples tasted like mouthwash and some others tasted like bitter sprite.. Haha, so glad we live here in the US I guess :) All in all, a good place to visit when you want a break from the Casino and partying. It's right across the street from the Monte Carlo and a short walking distance from the Aria and the Bellagio.
4	The sodas from around the world was the best deal in Vegas.  $7 and you get 16 sodas from around the world.  My wife and I were both thirsty, and still couldn't finish it off.  Don't save the "Beverly" for last as I suspect it's primary flavor component is bile.  Very bitter.  We both tried a sip and were glad we left the other soda's for removing the taste from our mouths.
4	My friend and I wanted to do a little exploring so we went down by MGM and both the Coca-Cola and M&M shops were around so we did both.. we took the escalator up and saw people drinking these little cups of different colored soda.. we were very curious to what it was.. so we walked around a bit more and realized that you can do soda tastings for $7 bucks which is super cheap! So we grabbed one order and sat down and it's sodas from around the world which is really cool if you ask me! I'm glad we stopped by. It was a lot of fun.. and a great experience.
4	I LOVE LOVE LOVE Coca-Cola!!!  BOO to Pepsi!!!First time in this store and I was in Coke heaven :)  Bought a classic Coke can Christmas Ornament.My friends ordered the 2 trays of Cokes from around the world sampler and that was quite an experience cause some of the flavors were NASTY and others were okay but I could never finish the whole thing.Definite a place to stop and visit if you are ever in Vegas :)
3	Used to be better. Once upon a time called 1999, there was a giant tour about the history of Coca-Cola and what not. Then, they shut all of that down. The only things left are the store and the tasting bar (which was free but now costs $7. Not bad seeing that it's unlimited and isn't a steep price anyway, but it used to be FREE). Whatever they did with the rest of the place after they closed it down is a giant mystery.
4	Of the M&Ms and World of Cola, this one is the more interactive of the bunch. There's more space here, so you don't feel suffocated. They have a person in a polar bear suit for pictures, and you can try the cola flavors of the world upstairs, as well as have a regular cola in a vintage bottle. Very cool here!
3	I got a small glass bottle of Sprite.Good to sit and chill after an exhausting day of walking in vegas.Not too into the merchandise because I think its cheesy, but thats just me and my taste.Interesting fact learned: that the chair I was sitting on sipping Sprite was made with 111 recycled coca cola cans.
4	$7 to taste 16 different flavored coke's from around the world.Warning: one of the flavors tasted like vomit mixed with bleach. Some of the other ones are questionable, but some are indeed good! Definitely a fun experience and a must do when you visit Vegas.Wish you can post videos on Yelp because I have an awesome video of the Coca-Cola bear ripping off someones head! Okay, the bear just gnawed at his head a little bit. But it was hilarious!
3	If you're on the strip in Las Vegas (or Disneyworld, I hear) and looking for something cheap and fun to do, you should swing by the Coca-Cola store and try the "Taste of the World" trays. For about $8, you get 16 samples of Coca-Cola products from all over the world (you can also get the Float Variety tray, if you are feeling less adventurous). Out of said 16 samples, I only liked the Smart Watermelon from China and my boyfriend only liked the Bibo Kiwi Mango from South Africa, the rest were very unexpected flavors, some of which were hard to choke down, haha. I will say, sip cautiously and watch out for the Sunfill Mint and Beverly! Even though I would never do it again, I think everyone should try it once!
5	The coke world is everything you will need to make your day better. They have custom coke bottles for various seasons. Wonderful souvenirs and various curiosities (though I will never understand why there is so much betty boop in the store too?)If your feet are hurting, take a trip upstairs. You can "sample" Coke's soda's from around the world. Fork over $7 and you will get two trays worth, 16 kings of different sodas. Even if you have a group of four, you might be hard pressed to finish it all (coke shot glasses to divide up the samples anyone?) These vary from some type of sweet lemon water, to really intensely ginger ale (think sushi ginger mixed with perrier), to a terrible drink from italy(Think gin and tonic made with dirt cheap gin, dirt cheap tonic, and no ice) All in all it's a very fun and interesting experience (If you are a people watcher, make sure you look at people's expressions when they take that first sip from the Italian soda!!)They also offer a float tray which is $8 for fewer types. If you haven't been there, it's well worth going to to fill that empty hour in your afternoon!
3	"Coke Heaven, without cavities"....."WELL IF YOU DONT DRINK ANY"If your a "Coka Cola" fanatic like myself, drank from a bottle since a baby, then you have to check this place out. They have everything "Coke" related you can imagine: pins, buttons, bottle opens, glass bottle, pens, pencils, and the list goes on and on. Whats even cooler is they have an semi-robotic Coka Cola Holiday Polar Bear (famous from their winter bear commericals). I say semi-robotic since there is a person within the suit however the head and eyes amazing mimic a real polar bears appearance. You can get your picture taken with him for free (so long as you use your own camera) or you can pay for a custom CGI packdrop picture. A great 15-45 minute detour while walking down the strip with the family. They also have a COKEs from around the world, its cool to see what other countries are exposed to and its only around 7 bucks.
3	Two stories of coke merchandise plus they have a "Taste of the World" sampler featuring different coke products from around the world. There's plenty of cool stuff for that coca-cola lover you might know. The best thing about this store is walking in and seeing the Coca-cola polar bear standing there and saying hi. I''m not envious of that job at all -- getting stuck inside a big, heavy and hot bear suit all day long. But, whoever is in there did a great job of interacting with customers and being playful with the kids. You can pose with him and take pics with your own camera and get pics taken by their staff. On the second floor you can buy prints of the photo(s) starting at $20 for one. They also sell sets of 6 or so photos for $40. Definitely not cheap, but what else would you expect from a tourist trap.
4	This store is a must for any Coke fan: photo ops with the polar bear who might bite your head off (^_^), Coke bottle styles for everyone, merchandise, and drinks!The soda fountain shop on the second floor sells various Coke beverages. I wanted to try something new, so I ordered the 7 flavor float tray -- samples with seven different Coke product beverage flavors with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. You'd think one can finish this float tray by yourself--myth! Two of us shared and we were having trouble finishing. We would try one, read the trivia question on the tray for that float, answer it, and continue on. The seating gets packed quickly, so in lieu of trying the flavors standing (not the most comfortable way to do so), make sure one person is scouting out the area for seating. Flavors in this float tray included regular Coke, Barq's, Mr. Pibb, Cherry Coke, Minute Maid, and various Fanta tastes. Great substitute for dessert! =)
5	we needed 2 find some kind of family activity 2 do while we were on winter break in vegas.  1st of all, coke is my best friend.  coke even makes me feel better wen i'm sick.  yes, i'm addicted 2 coke!!!  my boyfriend wuzn't thinking so he ordered 2 trays (16 different kinds from around the world)  $7.00 a tray is a great deal!!!  it wuz shared between r daughter, my boyfriend and myself.  we had a fun time tasting!  the coke product ( bitter one and mouthwash flavored) should b banned from that country!!!  the nastiest thing we've ever tasted!!! omg!!! we couldn't seem 2 wash the flavor away.  all the other flavors wuz pretty good but nothing is better than the tase of coke!!!  definitely a place 2 go whether u have kids or not.
3	I thought this place had a lot to offer. I didn't think the options from the cola bar was all that good though. I thought would be amazing creations but there were only sodas. The merchandise was a huge variety and the green screen with the polar bear was nice.
4	It's right next door to M&M world, I like them both. Bring me joy~~~~ Oh, taking picture with the Cola Bear was the best part, he is sooooo cute!! and he eats your head at the end, soo funny!!!
4	One of the places you must visit when you're in Vegas, since it's next to M&M's World as well. 2 floors of Coke merchandises from clothing to accessories, which are pricey. You can't miss out a picture with the adorable Coca-Cola Polar Bear! The employee takes a picture for you from your personal camera with the Polar Bear and the store's camera as his job. It's optional if you decide to buy the store's picture, since the personal camera does not show the background. Pictures are about $20, but if you buy 2, it's $30.Cannot miss out on the Tastes of the World Coke challenge, which costs about $7 for 2 trays of different Cokes around the world. It was just a wonderful experience that I will never forget after sipping on some of the horrible Cokes out there! I'm sure you would laugh out loud seeing my facial expressions from the experience I had with the Tastes of the World challenge. Definitely squeeze in some time and check it out when you're in Vegas!
3	Fun spot with some neat merchandise and a Coke bottles galore. It's a refreshing stop because it's smoke free and doesn't cost you a dime to check things out. The giant polar bear costume guy is a bit scary and I don't know why anyone would want their picture taken with him. The prices are inflated to typical Vegas level but they have some unique items that might be right for you.
3	This place is basically a giant store and soda fountain now. As many have said, it used to be free. Having gone several times during the free era, I can't get excited about this place now. There used to be an intricate fountain along an entire wall. You could set your shot glass-sized cup along the ledge and it would send a stream of fresh Coke to into your cup. It was awesome. And the Cokes of the world used to be free as well. Sigh.Basically, if you collect Coke memorabilia, then this is the place for you. I would only stop in if you needed a break from the Vegas heat.
3	I know how an alcoholic feels when I here a can of Coca-Cola open. I need it. I think about it... I always have it at home. I used to carry a flat in my car in case I needed a can. Gone are those days, but I still love it. I would crack one open right now, but it's Lent.I came here thinking that I was going to get a whole lot of different Coke to sample, but alas, that part of the store was under renovation... well, actually, it looked like taped together garbage bags, but I am assuming it was renovation. We wandered through the store looking for stuff to buy, but I wanted to drink it, not wear it. I was going to buy some lipgloss just so I could have the sweet caramel-y taste of coke on my lips, but I forgot... There are lots of clothes and other souvenirs. There was a polar bear at the ready to take pictures with you... and it was free, FREE if you used your own camera.
3	My brother in law collects Coca-Cola stuff so naturally we had to come here so my sister can buy souvenirs for him. The BF and I went to the soda tastings and grabbed the 8 flavor soda float sampler ($8) instead of the 16 sodas of the world taster.  I was disappointed that out of the 16 "Taste of the World" sodas they didn't place any of those into the float selection. The floats consist of Coca Cola, Barqs Root Beer, Cherry Coke, Mello Yello, Fanta Orange, Fanta Grape, Sprite, Pibb Xtra- basically we had we could have picked that up at the store. As we sat down, the BF informed me that before they just give you cups and you can try as little or as much as you want from open soda fountains for a flat rate.  That seems like it would be a lot of fun but maybe people were taking too much advantage of it.Sucks I didn't try it out when it was a bit cooler.
4	I can't help but be a fan of the Coca Cola branding and this place is obviously full of it. They sell everything possible with Coca Cola on it, including a lot of retro products. There's something about Coca Cola which is so whimsical and never fails to help me relive great childhood memories.  Nowadays I don't drink Coke but like all kids mine love it.We bought some glasses which our kids love.The cafe is a good place to stop for refreshment with kids.  We had great fun with the ice cream float drinks selection - highly recommended and a reasonable $8. The four of us couldn't drink them all so they were definitely good value.
4	Came here the most throughout my trip.It's always fun to just walk about and see designs and throwbacks of Coke.The area is a bit small, but maneuverable. Be careful of the glass and ceramics!I ordered the 16 flavors of Coke and it was different. Mostly enjoyable. Note: be careful of the Italian Coke. "Beverley" is pure funky! Saw many squirmish faces, including me.The floats are enjoyable too. Get the medium order, 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream plus a plastic Coke cup. Very tasty for the heat outside.The products are very interesting and great for gifts. Many things to select from and provide a small sale section on both floors.A great place to walk about (enjoy the AC!) and look at different Coke merchandise.
4	Interesting shop - go upstairs for the soft drink tasting experience. On the first floor, there is a photo op with the Coca Cola Polar Bear mascot. He is lots of fun
2	Just another store!  HIGH Prices....  a real disappointment from last visit.  They took out the tasting machine and now you must pay for everything.
4	Several floors of fun coca cola memorabilia, including vintage throwbacks and the cute polar bear stuff. The "Taste of the World" coca cola sampler and float sampler are great to try (although the "taste" has different sodas not the actual coke from those countries). Its a fun experience for your taste buds:)
4	awesome place! loved trying their 'taste of around the world' sodas? haha it was a fun experience =)
3	I shopped here during the holiday season, but avoided it like the plague during my last LV trip in March/April.  Just like M&M's World, this place is definitely a tourist trap.  That of course equates to a lot of noise, crowds and young families, which in turn causes one big headache.  Not my favorite kind of atmosphere, yet I did get a kick out of taking pictures with the costumed Coca-Cola Polar Bear, and I definitely couldn't resist buying a bunch of discounted souvenirs for people back home and myself.  Despite all the cute-sy / bright / retro merchandise though, this is definitely not somewhere I'd go out of my way to check out again (but every Vegas tourist should experience it at least once, IMO).
3	tip: the clear soda from africa is the bitter one!!!!great for taking vegas first timers here, the pics with the polar bear is free now, it costs money before
4	Coca Cola Bear!  That's all you need to know!  This guy is so cute and so animated...the polar bear made our whole group laugh.  Also, you can take pictures with the bear for free!  As many as you like!  And the photographer and polar bear are so sweet and patient!They have a lot of interesting stuff here!  From unique coke bottles to cute souvenirs and a coke bottle coin collector.  If you are spending the afternoon on the strip, come visit this place!  It's also connected to an arcade and the M&M World shop.
4	Some cheap to do in Vegas also you can try the different soda from around the world.
4	Where else in the world can you find a building filled with Coca Cola products? I am not sure, but this place is heaven for all the Coke fanatics.I am not really a fan of coke and this place is still fun for me. I got to the 2nd floor and tried the 2 different sampler plates. One with drinks from different countries, one with drinks of different flavors. I suggest that the sampler plates to be shared among friends. Some of the the flavors are just too weird. It'd be better if everyone takes just a sip with every drink instead of finishing the whole thing all by yourself.Overall, a must see when you come to Vegas.
3	I'm a big coca-cola fan, but this place didn't catch my attention too much. Simply because of the same reason why I wrote about m&m factory. Things here are way to over priced. A coke is a coke, so why charge it for double the price? Uuuggghhh. Well this place is pretty cool and like I said I'm a fan of drinking coke especially with cognac. I did stay away from buying stuff here though because it just wasn't worth it. I guess for an out of towner this maybe a place to buy a nice souvenir cup or something.
4	Not really sure why I like this place.  It could be the exterior of the building which is shaped like a ginormous coke bottle or the purses they sell made out of tabs from cans.  Or the fact that comparing it to M&M World next door (where you surely stopped before hitting Coke World), it is much more calm and relaxed.  On the top floor, they have a little cafeteria area where you can purchase an array of Coca-Cola products.  For $7, you can do Cokes Around the World and taste sodas from 16 countries.  Some of them are completely nasty.  It's been days and I can still taste the one from Italy.  It tastes like medicine. DO NOT DRINK IT.  You will regret it.  Very fitting to do over Fourth of July weekend.  Makes you proud to be an American, where our Cokes don't taste like shiz.
4	While walking the strip with the husband, we decided to stop at the Coke store. Upstairs they have a little place for food and drinks. We saw people with tables full of little cups and wondered what was going on. We saw on the menu "Tastes of the World" samplings of coke products from 16 different countries around the world! And for only $7, we had to try it! It was such a great experience! Sweet apple from China, Ginger ale from Israel, and much more. We loved trying to guess the flavors and seeing what we liked and what we didn't like. By far, "Beverly" from Italy was one of the worst things I've ever tasted! All in all, it was great fun and I loved seeing other peoples reactions!!
4	The wonderful World of Coca-Cola! I love this store and I always visit it when I go to Las Vegas. Get some souvenirs for pretty much anybody--young and old. They have a pretty wide selection and a good price range so it can fit anybody's budget. Plus, it is just plain fun to walk around and see what they have Coca-Colafied.My favorite part is going upstairs and getting the sampler of Coca-Cola from over the world. Definitely fun to try with some friends and worth the cost.
5	YAY! Right next to M & M's World! LIke M & M's World, World of Coca-Cola has pretty neat stuff too! There's a polar bear there that you can take a picture with! We tried the $7 Coca-Cola Around the World! It was interesting and educational because they have Q&A and information on which country each coke is from, which I thought was helpful! Another stop whilst in Vegas!
3	Worth a visit if you've never been to Vegas and happen to be on the south end of the strip. Otherwise, don't go out of your way. It's basically Coca Cola advertising porn. Think of anything possible you could buy, and Coke has slapped one of their product logos on it and is selling it to you for a few dollars more. They do sell large glass bottles of Mexican coke which are great on a hot desert day on the strip. But that Polar bear at the photo booth is kind of scary.
4	Soda is bad for you.This store is bad for my wallet.I can't help it. I come here every time I'm in Vegas. I like the retro stuff, and the weird little knick-knacks, the huge bottles of Mexican Coke, and even the bear. Okay, I don't bother with the bear, or the soda sampler. But it's still a fun place to look around in.
4	Large store with a bunch of Coca Cola stuff of all kinds. Be sure to get your free picture with the Coca Cola bear. He's pretty funny.Everyone talks about the Drinks from Around The World thing, and it was worth trying, but you're not missing out on anything if you decide to skip it. Most of the drinks are just very sweet or very sugary tasting (even more so than Coca-Cola itself), and the one clear drink called "Beverly" is honestly one of the worst things I've ever tasted. It's hard to make me vomit but that drink really made my body consider it. I should have taken everyone's advice here and not tasted it. Actually, you SHOULD taste it, just so you can see how bad it is and regret it later like I do. Let's suffer together!
3	Photos with the cocacola polar bear!
5	Here is one of the coolest places ever. Coke is an American icon. Again, everything Coke and Coke into everything. After walking around the Vegas strip for a while we got very thirsty and this was one place we had been wanting to go for a long time. My son and I were amazed at all the Coke stuff. First thing we did was get some ice cold Coke in glass bottles. I purchased a bottle opener (Coke of course) and we downed those Cokes in no time flat. My son got his picture taken with a Coke polar bear and we both just had a great time. Come here and have fun.
4	I think I like the idea of World of Coca-Cola more than the reality. In fact, I know I do. Getting the sampler of coke-brand sodas from around the world was a novelty gone too far.But at least I can say I visited the World of Coca-Cola. As someone who ritually drinks an 8 oz can of coke almost everyday, I am quite contented by this fact.
4	I am a Coca Cola drinker so no complaints with Coca Cola all around me!For $7, you get 2 trays with 16 different sodas from around the world.  It was a fun & interesting thing to do!  Some were good & some were NASTY!  I won't give away the bad tasting ones since we may disagree!  Plus, the fun was in the experimenting!!A bit crowded in table area so be careful when carrying your double stacked trays!
5	I love Coke. Gotta give this place a five star review because the product is delicious, the paraphernalia is fun and the sampling of the world's most popular sodas was an interesting experience.The drink sampler is best split at least three ways. Far too much soda for just one or two people.Not really much else to say, I just love Coke!
5	I absolutely adore this place! Everything is so cute and all the people are super duper friendly! We ended up at the cafe thing and I pretty much stopped in my tracks. I ordered a "crayola box" which was 4 types of slushies + 2 scoops of vanilla ice cream. OMG, sooooo good! I got a medium, but the medium was way to much! It was split among 2-3 of us too! We also did the around the world tasters thing... the most popular Coca-Cola drinks in various parts of the world. All I gotta say is.... some people have WEIRD tastes! But it was pretty cool tasting 16 different types. We were all super full... so the 4 of us sipped them. At the end, those which NONE of us wanted to finish off was poured into a cup. Can you guess what came next? Yes, some tasted the concoction. Their faces told the rest.Left with a shot glass & bag... I love it.
5	This place is an absolute one of my favorites on the strip. If you go here you should take a picture with the coke polar bear and try the coke around the world. Coke around the world - samples of different types of popular cola from different countries. You will find the samples from Japan, China, Dijbouti, France, etc.There's also a float sampler where you try various floats. It comes with flavors like orange, grape, root beer, coke, sprite, etc.Don't forget to go visit the M&M store after :D
5	I FREAKING love Coke so how can I not LOVE this place!!!That is all!
4	Not too big a fan of coke stuff (or giant merchandizing in general) but my friend was a little too enthusiastic about being here... So I'm assuming this is a really cool place if you like coke or like retro paraphernalia.I actually was really enthusiastic about the Bank of America ATM they have on the 3rd floor (or 2nd? Not sure...). If you've ever been to Vegas, you know it's not easy to find one close to the strip.
4	Sometimes it's fun to mix with the tourists on the Strip, and divert to other places whenever the mood so strikes. Diane and I had just finished our Fish and Chips at Nine Fine Irishmen at New York New York when we needed to get to a book signing at the Street Corner News inside the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood. What better way than to walk off those calories? So, we trekked to Miracle Mile, bought a copy of "The World of Las Vegas Dining" and talked with authors Laury and John Bakie about Las Vegas restaurants for a good 15 minutes. On the way there we saw Spiderman, Chewbacca, and a Star Wars Stormtrooper. On the way back we encountered Michael Jackson, Kung Fu Panda, and Miss Kitty waving to passersby. It was over 90 degrees, and the heat took its toll as drops of sweat began to fall from my forehead. And, then we saw the World of Coca-Cola with cold drinks beckoning in a red dispenser on the edge of the sidewalk. But we could buy a Coke from a dispenser most anywhere. So, we both stopped, looked at each other, and then entered the cool, air conditioned store. The World of Coca-Cola is a paean to all things Coke. Both of us are diehard Coke drinkers, to the point that we will normally order root beer or some other soft drink if only Pepsi is served at an establishment. When Diane was working, for years she even handled the Coke account for her employer, and sometimes flew to Atlanta for important meetings. So, this was a welcome place for us. Once inside the store, everywhere you look you will see red: red bottle-ware, red dishware, cute red-tied polar bears, and other red Coke souvenirs of every imaginable shape and size. We bought a red refrigerator magnet shaped like a Coke bottle. But, more in line with our primary purpose of diverting briefly from our path back to the New York New York valet for a liquid refreshment, ascended an escalator to partake of ice-cold fountain drinks at the soda fountain upstairs. At the soda fountain, one can order Coke floats, Coca-Cola poured from a tap, or an 8- or 16-drink tray to sample flavored liquids from around the world. And, Cokes can be spiked with an added flavor, after which the drink is stirred by the preparer with a metal spoon just as in the real old days when pharmacies had soda fountains. When ordering larger sizes, the plastic or glass container is included in the price. The cost is reasonable, especially for a Strip location. The "soda jerks" were friendly, and as my drink was handed to me, I was told that I could come back to the counter and switch it out if I felt that the vanilla flavor was too strong or too weak. But, it was just right! After receiving our orders, we sat at a small round table provided for that purpose, and I savored my Vanilla Coke. We drank our fine thirst-quenching Cokes at a leisurely pace, and then, fully restored, continued on our walk until at last we retrieved our automobile and drove home.
5	Since I was a little, Coca-Cola is my best friend!  I drank a lot of coke when my mom is not around!  She always told me that drinking coke can make me fat and not unhealthy!  I am not sure about unhealthy part, but I know coke won't make you fat!  When I was in high school, my dad bought me a lot of coke for me for after school snack.  I lost hella weight from 123lb to 100lb.  Today!  I finally came to Coca-Cola store!  My first time ever!!!!!!  Everything is white and red!  Everything is polar bear! Everything is tempting!  I want to get everything in that store!  My boyfriend bought me the world tour coke!  There were 16 small cups and you could try the coke products that's all over the world!  Try Italy one, it has really unique taste!  I like the England coke the most.  BTW, share with your friends!  You can't finish those 16 cups with 2 people!  But I think it would be a great game to play in store!  Something like try to finish it in 1 minute!  After shopping in the store, you can take picture with the famous polar bear!  He is super cute!  Hope he knows how happy I was when I saw him.  P.S.  I think this is my first Las Vegas review.  Vegas is FUN!!!!  I want to go back again!
4	Love world of coke!Love the retro coke items, I want all of it!  I'm totally in love with the Pink Cherry Coke section!  One of my faves drinks too!Also love the soda counter.  The lines can get pretty long, but the prices are reasonable.  The coolest thing is the 16 flavors of the world tasting!  You get to try 16 different sodas that are popular in other countries for $7!
3	I'm addicted to coke.... Coca cola that is. Cool place to walk around in but they didn't have that much stuff. Everything was overpriced... A tiny magnet that is the size of my pinky was $6. Eeck. Oh yeah when u walk in you can take a picture with the polar bear. He's quite scary looking actually. He looks like a polarbear on drugs.. He's not chubby enough to be considered as cute and cuddly and his eyes were red. Weird. But yeah go take a picture with it :)
4	On my latest trip to Vegas, a stop at the Coke store was on my to-do list.  Why?  I wanted to try the Flavors of the World tasting!  For 7 bucks you get to sample 16 different soda flavors sold by Coke around the world.  From mint to kiwi mango and everything in between, there are definitely some wild options!  After much deliberation, I finally decided that the Fanta Kolita from Costa Rica was my favorite.  It's kind of a fruity, champagne cola-tasting pink mixture that I could drink all day.  As an added bonus, the Coke store is one of the cheapest places on the strip to grab a bottle of water... Only $1!  Take that, New York New York and your $4 Aquafina! :-P
4	Love this place! I always stop in to get something for my mom, a lifelong Coca-Cola enthusiast, as my whole family is! For a Coke lover, this is awesome. Pictures with the polar bear for the kids ($20 a print though!) and tons of gifts from little cheap bottle openers, to a full on line of furniture and clothes! I can't get enough. Very nice employees. The bar on the 2nd floor has a sampler with sodas from around the world for only $7 ! Worth it, tons of fun, with facts from each country too!Every coca-cola souvenir you can think of, and you can still just grab a bottle of coke :)
4	THE BEAR IS SO SCARY! We walked in and they had the polar bear walking around - one of my friends cried because she was so scared...probably not a great place for kids unless you tell them the polar bear is real. I had almost the same reaction - made a beeline for the entrance when the polar bear started moving.As for the store...didn't stay long enough to see everything...
3	This place is pretty entertaining.The first floor contained all souvenirs and also had the coca cola bear. It is free to take pictures with it and they will take it with your camera once also, you can also purchase the photo upstairs with a cool background. The bear is pretty damn funny and he will bite someone in the groups head when he takes a picture with them. The second floor is more souvenirs but you can also buy drinks there. We got the around the world taster. It came with 16 different flavors in plastic cups from around the world for $7. It was super interesting to see what people drank to different countries and it was really fun to taste them with friends and talk about how bad or how good the flavors were. There were other options to try like the float tester which was different ice cream floats. This place is pretty cool to come to if you love soda and want to be entertained for a little bit here at Vegas.
3	A great place for Coca-Cola fanatics to check out.This place has so many Coca-Cola souvenirs/items for people to purchase! There's a whole section of Coca-Cola glass bottles decorated for special occasions such as graduations and birthdays.Upstairs there's a place for you to try out Coca-Cola drinks from around the world. I tried it and I don't think it's worth the experience. The majority of the drinks did not taste good.
5	The 16 different flavors of Coca-Cola from around the world on the second floor will be deserving of 5 stars. I think it is a very interesting entertaining idea and it doesn't cost much neither. Just split it with a couple friends and it'll only cost you a buck or 2 each. You really do not want to drink all that soda by yourself.It is about $7 and they give you 16 small cups of soda. They each have a description of where it come's from. My advice is to go from 1 to 16 in order and read each description and taste it, then move onto the next. It is a pretty funny experience. Just wait til you get to the Italian one. That one will blow your mind!Also, in the end, you should mix all the flavors together. All the flavors around the world, and guess what it tastes like... WORLD PEACE! I'm serious! It's a taste that only the phrase "World Peace" can describe. It's like neutral flavored but in a way that you can still taste that world... epic...The rest of the store consists of everything Coca-Cola. From shirts to sweaters to chairs to bottles to anything. Everything has a Coca-Cola brand label on it. When you exit, there is also a photo area where you can take a picture with the Coca-Cola polar bear itself! You can take the picture with your own camera as well, but if you want to buy the better one with the background you would have to pay.
4	We had loads of fun visiting here looking at all the souvenirs, little trinkets, different artwork on bottles never seen elsewhere and, of course, messing around with the polar bear.  However, everything is quite costly.  Something like 30 bucks for a t-shirt?  Really, I like to drink Coke and I wouldn't mind wearing a shirt that basically provides advertising for them, but to have to shell out that much money for a shirt?  Pass.Went upstairs to sample their popular Around the World Tray and that's probably a real bargain for all the different types of drinks you get.  Most of them are decent tasting and a couple are really good - Smart Watermelon & Smart Apple were my favorite.  I absolutely abhorred Beverly from Italy.  That was sooooo disgusting.  I took 3 sips just to make sure I wasn't wrong about how utterly repugnant it tasted.  First immediate thought that came to mind was: treebark.  And don't ask me how I know what treebark tastes like.  We also had the Coke ice cream which was okay, but I think I'll stick with the all American, old fashion Root Beer Float, thank you very much.We took a couple of shots with the polar bear in front of the green screen and check out the pics.  Pretty cute and funny, but not at all lovable at a cost of $50 for the entire package - which really wasn't a lot as far as pictures go.  All in all, we just got one picture that cost $20.  Something for everyone to remember even though we took tons of photos on our own camera.
4	I came here in search of the old Cocoa Cola performance/museum on the third floor. It used to have this array of coke bottles that shoot coke right into your cups. As described: "When the visitor then steps up to any of the fountain stations, sensors trigger overhead spotlights to automatically turn on. The visitor places the cup down, and an ultrasonic sensor automatically senses the amount of ice in the glass. When it reaches the top, a stream of liquid, colored by overhead lights, leaps back and forth in arcs over 20 feet across the fountain area. After zigzagging its way toward the visitor's cup, is finally caught in a basin by the dispenser. The liquid's final voyage from the basin to the nozzle of the soda dispenser, and into the visitor's cup."Does anyone remember this? Because to my dismay, it wasn't there anymore. Dismantled and replaced with area where we purchase the Around the World tray. :(But still interesting, as I have always loved the rich history of Coca cola factory. So we settled for the Around the World tray as it seemed that everyone was getting it and looked super interesting. 16 shots of different coke flavors for $7.00! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jaJnPIX9VxsFyfV5zQwk0g?select=7cNEyr3N2U-WhCBBc19AEA And here are my verdicts:*Inca Cola- this was actually pretty good, it has it's own unique flavor but with a hint of the original coke flavor*Sunfill Blackcurrant- not the best, just average in a sense of weird aftertaste for me*Stoney Tangawizi- this was a no, tasted like cough medicine*Bibo Kiwi Mango- this one was good only because it tasted like Gatorade (noncarbonated)*Vegitabeta (Japan)- this one tasted super weird, boyfriend and I didn't like it at all. I love vegetables and all, but not liquified ones.*Sparberry- simply cherry flavored coke, just a different name for it.*Kinely Lemon- tasted like carbonated lemonade with a strange aftertaste; okay*Lift Manzana- made me nostalgic because it reminded me of ramune and calpico; definitely liked this one*Fanta Kolita- I liked this one, tasted like carbonated lychee drink!*Krest Ginger Ale- never liked giner ale, so the flavor still threw me off; didn't like*Ciel Aquarius- tasted slightly like horchata with a lingering sour taste; didn't like*Sunfill Mint- tasted like toothpaste, then mouth wash; super gross*Beverly (Italy)- nastiest stuff I've ever tasted in my life, it was super bitter. Just plain hated it*Smart Apple (China)- best one, the name says it all. Tasted like green apples!*Mezzo Mix- a twist on the original coke flavor, but very similar
5	This is definitely a fun thing to do with your kids if you're bringing them to Sin City! Like other Yelpers have mentioned, you've got to get the Around the World soda sampler on the 2nd floor. For $7 you get to sample 16 sodas from around the world, and even though there were 5 of us, it was still a lot of soda!!! It's free to take photos with the Polar bear downstairs. They will take 2 shots of you with their camera for you to purchase if you wish (you need to pick it up upstairs, but because of the green screen behind you, they are able generate a cute background),  but they will also take one picture with your own camera for free.
4	It is all about the Soda Float Sampler($8). Eight six ounce (?) cups are topped with half a scoop of ice cream and served on a marked tray with Coca Cola trivia. Between four of us, this was the perfect amount of this frothy delight to satisfy our sweet tooth. The advertised flavors are Original Coke, Sprite, Cherry Coke, Barq's Root Beer, Cream Soda, Mello Yello, Orange Fanta, Strawberry Fanta. When we got ours, the Cream Soda was replaced with Mr. Pibb Xtra. No big deal, just one of the friends was looking forward to that one above all else.I would have to say that all of the pop went well with the vanilla ice cream. Fanta and Mello Yello were some of the better ones that seemed unorthodox at first, but won us over.I would not mind giving the Soda From Around the World Tasting a try ($7), but they use to have a lemon seed fizzy drink that was very unappetizing. Will not risk that again.
3	Many cola products, of course. Picture with Polar Bear at the bottom floor, you can see and buy the picture on 2nd floor. Also try their Around the World cola drinks for $7, we found that our American version is still the best! Want a little hint of which one NOT to try? Not all things from Italy are yummy.....Anyhow, definitely try and buy a bottle of multi-decorated coke along the way.
4	a most savory location in vegas for the non alcoholic. for 8 bucks you can buy two trays (16 shots) of colorful coca cola drinks from around the world. truly a rainbow experience. a must stop location for those touring las vegas with family. Its a fun experience with friends or family but to be honest some of the coca cola drinks were disgusting such as ginger flavored coca cola, no bueno. real talk id rather take a shot
4	I can't decide whether I like World of Coca-Cola or M & M World more. I'd say that World of Coca-Cola has more to do than M & M World. There is a Coca-Cola polar bear waiting near the entrance by a green screen, and if you gawk at it long enough, someone will ask if you want your picture with it! The bear had a good sense of humor and took my brother's hat and placed it on my head right as they were taking the picture. My brother and I both look funny in that picture because of the bear. I really enjoyed it! If you don't want to pay a ridiculous amount of money for the picture they took, I'd suggest having someone take the picture with their camera. You can print out the pictures when you get home for under a dollar, instead of being robbed blind at the Coke store.
3	As I walked through the entrance, I was nearly startled to death by the Coca Cola mascot. You know how they portrayed the polar bear in the commercials as being cute and cuddly? Well this was NOT it. It looked like a huge strayed, starving, neglected animal. I'm still confounded by the fact that people actually want to take a picture with it...With that being said, definitely head on upstairs and try one of their drinks. They have Soda Float Samplers if you're in the mood for floats. Or if you simply just want to have a good old fashion cola but with an added flavoring, they have that as well.We ended up trying the Around the World. It's a great way to sample a variety of sodas without having to purchase the entire can. Some were great. There were a couple where we took one sip, and that was the end of that .... Italy =xAs for the rest of the store, they have all sorts of merchandise that you can purchase with the Coca-Cola logo on it: apparel, baseball bats, plates, cups, toys, etc. If you never been into the World of Coca-Cola and have some free time... then I would say sure stop on in. If not (or if you already been here once), then you're not missing much.
3	Went to Vegas a bit TOO much but I wanted to take my brother there (family trip this time) and it was CLOSED! M&M world is 24 hours (or pretty much 24 hours) but this place was closed by like 4PM...boo!
4	We came here for the "Sodas From Around the World" located on the second floor.  It's only $7 and you get 16 different kinds of soda. 8 per tray.  Each tray comes with a little key to help you see where the soda is from.  Really cool concept.  And fun.  Split it between a few people, because you'll still have leftovers.  Try it out.  And beware of the soda from ITALY... It tastes like battery acid.Their other prices are pretty reasonable too.   You can get a coke float for about $3 and it is HUGE. Tons of merchandise and cute stuff to look at. Oh.... and the Coke mascot... that polar bear?  IT'S CREEPY.  If I had a child, I would steer clear of that area.  It looks deformed.
4	One of my goals in Vegas was to go to the Coca Cola Factory and buy a t-shirt. I absolutely love Coca Cola the soda, their commercials and everything about them. There are two floors and the second floor has a little cafe where you can try all different flavors of coca cola for only $7. I was there when they first came out with the factory in Vegas and they use to give the tastings for free.I bought a t-shirt and it was reasonably priced. It was the one with a polar bear on it, I absolutely love it and would buy the whole store if I could.Check it out!!
4	I love Coke!  There are definitely some really cool Coke products here.  I am planning my wedding and was so tempted to buy a ton of stuff, but the problem would then be hauling it back home.  That would not have been a pretty sight.My favorite things at World of Coca-Cola are:1. The taste around the world2. The unique Coke products3. Photo opportunities4. It's just a nice break from the heat of Vegas, yet it's still big and fabulous like the rest of Vegas5. Just the festive atmosphereIt's definitely worth a look-see if you've never been.  I'm just bias because I love collecting Coke bottles.
4	I come here for one reason and one reason only, and that's to see the funny faces people make when they taste some of the samples of Coca-Cola from around the world. It's funny. Damn funny. I was a sucker once and did it. I regretted it immediately .If ya want to know what piss tastes like, try the coke from Italy. NASTY. Four stars for the free, hilarious entertainment.
4	It's always a fun experience when I come here. The famous/infamous tastes from around the world. I take friends here as a joke and make them drink the Beverly from Italy. If you don't know what that means, it means it tastes like......I really can't describe it. Just try it and you'll know. The taste is hard to forget. I suggest getting a regular Coke on the side or something to wash the taste of that one from your memory. If you're just bored, love Coke, or whatever then come here. The Coke items are expensive, but that's obvious (Vegas & collector's items).
3	We tried the different flavors of Cokes from around the world and also had the Float tray. There were a few nasty ones that tasted like mouthwash or medicine lol. The float tray was definitely better. It was a nice touristy experience. :)
4	For the record, I'm a huge fan of Coke.  Coca Cola that is.Need a good place on the strip to escape the incessant cigarette smoke and oppressive Las Vegas heat?   Take a jaunt, or in our case $15 cab ride, from your off strip hotel down to this place at the Showcase Mall.  Lots of Coke swag, trinkets and yes, plenty of overpriced Coca Cola drinks that you can pick up at your local grocery store or gas station convenience store for a fraction of the price.  Something like 60% cheaper if Food 4 Less has a sale.  One god awful 100 degree June day,  we decided to take a cab from our off-Strip hotel/casino (at my age, I don't need to stay on the Strip) to this air conditioned wonderland.  Judging by the crowds,  it seemed to be the "cool" place to be if you catch my drift.  Anyway,  we did some gawking over some swag and decided to check out the Coke fountain shop where you can get collectable plastic bottles of Coke products for $10 or so.  Oh yes,  you can get your picture taken with the Coca Cola polar bear too.If you really want to get a great deal at this place, look no further than the $7 Coca Cola sampler.  For that price, you get to sample 16 soft drinks from around the world.  The taste ranges from the very good to the rancid (Italy's Beverly,  comments withheld due to my penchant for hurling obscenities).   I don't know if anyone has ever finished all 16 because our family of three didn't.  If you want to be charitable to your fellow human who is looking to quench their thirst from the oppressive desert heat of Vegas,  offer them a glass of your untouched Beverly cola.   They'll thank you for it.  Or not. When we come back to Las Vegas,  we'll definitely make a return trip here.  The other cool thing is that M&Ms World is right next door and you don't have to go outside to go there either.   I don't know about the parking there, but a cab ride was well worth it.
4	I'm also a huge coke fan, and this place was really cool, wish I had taken a picture with the big Coke Polar Bear.  We did do the tasting menu of 16 different Coke products from around the world, the whole family got a big kick out of it and it only cost $7, we didn't follow the directions so our favorite and our true favorite was all mixed up as was our worst flavors but the whole process was hilarious, probably the cheapest entertainment on the Strip. The kids also found rather inexpensive gifts for their friends which was also a bonus as the quality of these items were very good. Really a nice place for the whole family in Las Vegas, oh I also got a killer foot massage at a kiosk right outside one of the entrances- cost $60 but was so worth it.
4	Coca Cola Sampling, mmmLike most of the folks here, I swung by to try the Cola samples from around the world.  Once you walk in, you got all your Coca Cola merchandise on the first floor and towards the back, right before the escalators is where the giant polar bear lies for you to take pics with.  I was actuallly.. really scared of it. I knew it was just a costume and someone was in there but, it was just SO big. Definitly had the O.O face as I walked towards it. I think they noticed too since the polar bear kept waving at me .. *waves back with a scared face + awkward smile*  Made my way up and went on to order the Cola Samples. (Semi cute cashier, just throwing it out there)  There's 16 different flavors split between two trays for about $7.  If you're coming with friends and fam, don't you even think about getting one order each.  It's something you can share with.. many a folks since all you really want is a sip and not even so for some of the more "unique" flavors.  (There's one that tasted like mouthwash, but I'll let you guys figure out which one it is). So fade in, get your sip on and look out for the "oh, hm, uh uh" faces.
3	Remember a couple of years ago this was the only place in the West coast that you could go to if you wanted a Mexican Coke? Now Mexican coke is everywhere. You can find it at Albertsons, Costco, Terrible's Gas Stations, and even at Sushi houses for some reason... This place is officially useless now. And places like Greenland market sell the gigantic Mexican cokes for half the price of this "World of Coke" place. The only reason this place gets 3-stars is because of that guy in the bear costume.BTW, has anyone ever had coke from Thailand? Is it just me or is it 100X better?
4	Im glad I found this store, considering my addiction to drinking Coca- Cola.
4	Another great place to stop by while trolling the Las Vegas Strip.  If you ever wondered where you could buy Coca-Cola inspired clothing, including shirts, hoodies, pants and boxers, this is your spot!On the second floor, there is a cafe where you can order different flavors of Coke.  I was tempted to try the different flavors from around the world, but didn't have the time.  I'll try this out on my next visit to Vegas.
5	lovee the "taste of the world" tray! :) for about $8, you can sample 16 different soda around the world!! PS: the soda from italy is GROSS  :(
5	I love this store. When I was younger (and even now), this was one of the two places I had to visit before leaving Vegas. I love the panda bear photo opportunity that has been added-he was fun to take pictures with. I also love that you can buy a classic bottle of coke at the soda bar or a newer version of coke, such as a coke icee or flavored coke. There is also a ton of merchandise from coke products you can buy. This is a great store for kids.
3	This was a fun place to rest awhile.  Lots of cheap glassware options.  We really enjoyed the coke shop where we got a coke icee with vanilla flavoring.  You can get the different cokes from all over the world in sample cups, and there are endless combinations of floats and flavorings.
4	Pretty fun place to check out while on the strip.  My daughter wanted to go here to meet the polar bear mascot and he didn't disappoint.  The costume is top notch and better than your standard character.  The top portion is like a puppet and is very animated.  They allow you to take your own photos, however, the background is just a green screen.  If you go upstairs, you can purchase the photos they take with an artic background added.  We bought the package which had two 5x7 photos and a sheet of four smaller sized photos for $35.    Employees are all really nice and of course the store had a great variety of Coke themed merchandise.  One of the nice "free" attractions  Vegas has to offer.
3	Located conveniently next to the M&M World on The Strip, my friend and I decided to check this place out. There's a nice selection of Coca-Cola souvenirs available for purchase such as shot glasses, mugs, bottle-openers, t-shirts, etc. However, my friend and I realized that we had picked a bad time to come here, because we had just gulped down a yard-long slushie drink from Fat Tuesday, so we were too full to sample the various Coca-Cola flavors. They looked pretty enticing though, with all these different colors. Next time, I will definitely leave room in my bladder for this place!
4	I came here with 7 kids, they enjoyed taking the international coke tasting.  $7 to taste a sample.  Beware:  Italy soda was a flop, kids thought it tasted like Benadryl,  China sodas were a hit.  Have fun!
4	Loved It!!!! Stay away from Beverly Soda...worst tasting, awful, awful, awful nasty rock-gut soda!!!! Battery acid & bitter rotten fish taste hits you on the swallow... .....YecK!!!!!!Great for the kids!!!
3	By the time we reached here, we have so much liquid in us.  We stopped and rejuvenated ourselves with whatever soda and water we can find while walking on the strip, well u want to make sure u are amply hydrated with that 105 degree heat.But I still wanted to taste at least 3 float samplers, but the line was too long and unruly, ppl were darting in and out like crazy, so that was enough for me.  C'mon, kids, move along...perambulating, to the M & M World.
4	If you love Coke then this is your Mecca. Tons of unique coca cola bottle openers to choose from here. I loved the housewares, enormous selection. Downstairs you can get your photo taken against a green screen with a polar bear. Upstairs they sell the prints.  Also upstairs is a little coke cafe where you can taste drinks from around the world. This proved to be a super fun family activity as we all sampled the yummy flavors, and cringed together over the dreadful Beverly.Worth a visit if you're nearby and especially of you love Coke or have kids.
4	Lots, no TONS of Coca-Cola memorabilia/stocking stuffers/souvenirs to buy here.The best thing is going upstairs while it's 100+ degrees outside and treating yourself to the All Around The World Coca-Cola.For ~$7, you get 2 trays of 14 cups, all different flavors of "Coke" from around the world.I personally don't like the "Beverly" but different strokes for different folks.
5	I love vintage Coke stuff and this had plenty of really cool merchandise. I could've bought practically everything in there, especially the really awesome vintage style coolers. Lots of fun flavors to try and a little bar to sit at, we had a great time. Talk about great customer service - my bf cut his ankle getting on the escalator, so they gave us an emergency kit as well as free water and Coke.
5	That was fun! ANYTHING coca cola was there! Saw the most adorable purse made from the can tops! cute, fun things! I tried the around the world trays of coke.. ummm fun but some of the drinks were just amazingly disgusting! :)  good experience probably check this place off my list of things to do in Vegas!~
5	everytime we come to vegas we stop by here! we always get the coke floats (they are good) they have a lot of.. well everything related to coke. so if this is your thing, then im sure you will like it here.
4	If your a Coke a Cola fan, you'll love this place! But pricey... of course. :-)So it gets 4 stars for that.Lots of cool stuff, collectables, clothes, cups, glass wear, plates, salt n pepper shakers, chairs, omg too much to list. you name it they have it.A must seeTC
4	I don't drink alcohol.  I'm not kidding.I don't drink juice.  I don't eat fruits.  Seriously.I seldom drink water.  I know, it's bad.I drink TONS and TONS of Coke Zero and/or Diet Coke though.  TERRIBLE.Though I have read many articles that my friends and family have forwarded to me about the danger of consuming synthetic sugar and that it is not a great idea to drink diet carbonated beverages whilst trying to lose weight but do you know what?  I don't give a damn.  I'm a Taurus.  No, I'm Tram and a Taurus which means I do what I please no matter what but on a serious note though.. I have been trying to reduce my soda consumption and so far it has been exactly 12 days since I've had one.  I need a Coca Cola patch!  But yeah.. if you are a Coca Cola fan, definitely make a stop in here.  On the strip, you pay about $3 for a soda anyway, might as well buy it from their mothership.  There are many cool gifts and trinkets you can buy for your loved ones or for yourself.  Next time I will buy a gift for myself here, haha.
5	I can't hardly find the Fanta Orange Zero and they had it!Yum and they nice little souvenirs...!We will be back!
4	Amazing place to check out! All kinds of information about Coca-Cola. You can purchase merchandise and you can taste different soda's from all over the world! The experience is enjoyable and kids love it, plus it's inexpensive if you'd like to purchase the samples (highly recommend giving it a try). A couple of friends and I decided to try it out and it fit our budget perfectly! (A tray of drinks that cost $8~) Tasting different drinks and eating the awesome soda floats was a delicious little treat for us. It was nice to get away from alcohol and cigs smells from the casinos. I think this is a must see when you aren't from the area!
4	First thing first, my all time favorite soda is Coke. So I may be a little bias writing this review but I sure did enjoy the Coke store especially because I got to sample different kind of soda floats and soda from all over the world.My friend, Hanae K., asked us if we would like to go to the Coke store and purchase the sample for soda floats and sodas from around the world during our vegas trip. All of us girls were intrigued to try so off we went!We ordered a platter of 8 soda floats (regular soda floats such as coke float, rootbeer float, to things we don't usually pair up such as fanta grape float, mello yello floats, etc). All of the soda floats were delicious! I discovered unusual match that were good such as sprite float and mello yello float. :)The world of soda, which is two platter of 8 sodas each (total of 16), was definitely super interesting. There were really good sodas that almost tasted like Coke like the one from Germany, to very bitter.. almost gag-reflex starter ones. It's really like a Russian roulette since it's hard to predict the not-so-delicious sodas. But that's where all the fun is at! I highly recommend everyone to stop by and try the soda samplings.The coke store sells lots of souvenir products also such as keychain, coke bottle with unique designs, a big coin bank in a shape of coke bottle, etc. If you're looking into buying couple souvenirs for friends & family, I'd totally swing by world of cola if I were you.
4	They don't have the tour anymore, stopped that in 2000, but still fun!!
4	The Coke store with soda fountains from around the world was pretty cool and a nice clean innocent diversion from the Strip. Didn't realize they had so much merchandise.
5	A must go, if you are the fans of Coca Cola, try to taste so many versions.
4	A great and large store that looks deceiving from the outside. One you walk in and see the escalator, it takes you up at least 4 levels.They have everything coke you can think of which is really neat and something I have not see like this since I've been to the same one in New York.Once we reached the top of the store we tried the sampler of cokes from around the world. 16 in all and 14 of them tasted DISGUSTING. While it cost 7 dollars for the whole thing, I feel terrible tossing them all after taking one small sip from each cup. Seriously, only 2 of them were average at best. If you are adventurous and wanting to see what other Coca Cola's taste like go ahead and be my guest. I could not look at any soda for the next few hours the same way. It would be best if people could choose certain flavors instead of being handed all of them. I am deducting a star because of how other countries slapped the American coke version in the face with gross taste.
4	I loved trying the different soda flavors from around the world. I loved the bear, but I came out looking funny in the picture lol. I bought some other stuff and I really liked the store.
4	After leaving the show I attended last night, I was walking back to the garage when I noticed the giant Coke bottle on the Boulevard.  I'm a devoted Coke person so I decided to check the place out and get a drink.  I walked around and looked at all the gifts that are Coke themed.I bought a small metal bottle of Diet Coke and was on my way.  After reading the reviews of friends, I need to go back and go to the fountain area upstairs and do one of the tastings.This is a definite do over.  The only downside was paying Strip prices at Coca-Cola World for a small bottle.  One of the other places nearby would have been less expensive, but then I wouldn't have seen all the Coke stuff available for sale.Since I don't get to Atlanta very often--the last time was 1993--I'll settle for this Coke World right here in my hometown!
5	Took me 10 year old niece and 12 year old nephew here last Saturday and we had a blast! We tried the "Around the World" sampler of 16 sodas from different places in the world. It was fun tasting the good ones and some were downright horrible! But we tried them all and had fun daring each other to taste the gross ones. We also spent quite a while looking at all the memorabilia and fun gadgets. My favorites being the soda scented tee shirts. Definitely recommend this place if you have kids or even if you're just a fan of Coca Cola!
4	"TOURIST TRAP!" Thats what my out of town visiting friend said when we went there. I said to him "DUH! What place on the strip isnt a tourist trap?"  When you live in Vegas, the only time we go to the strip is because of friends and family from out of town. To me, I think this place is decent. You have several different levels with all sorts of overpriced merchandise. You have to be wise with what you want to buy unless you print your own money. Besides the default merchandise, there are only two things that are really considered an "attraction" here. Pictures with the giant Polar Bear (that is, if the person working the suit is not taking a break), and the soda cafe that is I think on the top floor. Obviously, if you are from out of town and have never done the coke flavors around the world taste sampling then I suggest you do it at least once. For 8 bucks they will give you 16 cups of different flavored coke from other countries all over the world. I for one will not give away any info here for sampling it is the only way you can truly understand how it is described. Forget about what other people are saying here. It's better if you find out on your own. I guarantee you will have fun. Once you're done, dont forget to check out the M and M's store next door. Might as well stay with the junk food theme and use Vegas as an excuse. LOL.
4	This shop is a must go to destination, if you love Coca Cola.  I'm not a fan of Coca Cola, but I still like visiting the shop from time to time.  They have just about anything you can dream of regarding Coca Cola memorabilia.  We've bought souvenirs here during a few of our visits.The last time we were here we even had our picture taken with the Polar Bear mascot!  We were also able to sample some Coca Cola sold in various regions of the world.  Really Cool!I highly recommend coming here!  It's nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of the gambling scene on the Strip, and this is a nice diversion.
4	A bit of a gift shop, but a fun one with some twists.  The colas from around the world were fun and I am glad my son and I tried it.  For $7 you get 16 cups of carbonated drinks around the world.  Now if their soda machine is not calibrated, I am not sure anyone would know or not, because most of these drinks were crapola.  But that is not the point I guess, the point is you get to experience what is popular in those countries.  So it was fun, burned some time, and gave us some refreshment!
3	Coca~Cola... Iconic. Powerful. Unique.  Why did you have to make this place? In Lost Wages of all places, you may know it as Sin City, or a debaucherous den of sex drugs gambling and prostitution... ohhhh wait, what a PERFECT place to put a family destination =DPro Tip: Free Samples... great if you drink the fizzy stuff... and some are floats!!!Why didn't I think of that? I guess that is why I don't get paid the big bucks... regardless this place is the ultimate homage to the power of swag and branding... I do not know of a single other item that is universally known in every corner of the globe nearly half as well as coke... It's everywhere. The only thing crazier is the weirdo's who want all of the coke swag...Pro Tip #2: Leave your tooth in coke overnight and it will dissolve =XSo if when I still drank soda, I would have been here, I would have enjoyed it much more than as I got older and realized how evil and bad for you coke really is. At this point, I use it more as a solvent than anything else...Pro Tip #3: Clean grease off your garage floor, car engine parts, or battery terminals by soaking it in coke or another type of soda, preferably flat...None the less for all of my tongue in cheek stuff about coke, it is an awesome story and they have a lot of accomplishments for a company... I just think this is a poor choice for a Coke themed facility as I would have thought it was more child oriented. Overall this is an interesting place to visit and not half as cheesy as the M&M joint nearby. None the less... it is what it is...
4	A nice place to look at, and they do have some very unique items. But they're all very very expensive!At least the guy dressed up in a polar bear costume for professional portraits was funny!
5	I had a great time checking this place out. Of course grabbed a few classic coca colas in glass bottles because they tasted so great! Hope to try the around the world sampler next time!
5	If you are a coke fiend as I am, this place is a must.  Try the 16 cup sampler, drinks from around the world.  Some are absolutely horrible, others were actually pretty good.  The highlight for me was the Mexican Coke, made using the original formula minus the cocaine and amp'd up levels of caffeine.  Its the same as that made in the U.S. except for the sweetener.  In Mexico, they use cane sugar instead of corn sweetener.  You can actually taste the difference.  For me, regular Coke has a slight after taste as compared the the Mexican stuff.  There is only one place in Hawaii that I know of where you can get it in Hawaii, a little Mexican diner next to Aiea Bowl.
5	If you are a fan a Coke.  You will love this large store full of Coke Merchandise.  You can also take your photo with the Coke Polar Bear.  They also have a soda shop so if you are wanting a Coke Float or any coke items, here is the place to give yourself a treat.  However, I highly recommend doing the Around the World Taste.  For $7, you get 16 cups of drinks around the world.  Definitely 4-5 people can share this.  It's interesting to taste all the different flavors, but there is one that will make you gag!  Don't say I didn't warn you!! :)  My husband loved it!!
5	Fun free attraction on the strip. It was crowded with tourist. We were tourist, we fit right in. Lot's of cool coke products to purchase and view. And the $7 to try 16 different sodas from around the world was awesome. I assumed it'd be little shot glass size cups but they were 8 ounce cups filled half way each. Way too much for the two of us to fully finish, but we did enjoy a sip or two of each. Must do. Take the kids.
4	In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. Just like the M&M world, this is also my other retail fun therapy. Sadly I have seen the merchandise selection decline over the years even though it is still one of the fun things to do. I like sharing a coke float with whomever I am with. it's just a float, however, it's the novelty of saying that I had a float at the Coke world shop which is more appealing. It is a retail tourist trap but unlike the M&M world next door, their customer service is very friendly all times that I have been there.
5	Its a great gift shop and plenty of collectibles on hand to fit the coca-cola lover in you.I enjoyed trying the cola from around the world for a cheap $7.
5	Everything Coca-Cola is in here. Its like the owner said make everything with our logo on it. Its a nice place to bring people to when they visit Vegas but I wont be in their 24/7 because when I want a coke I go to walgreens. No long lines for me and pushy people who act like they gonna pass out if they don't get everything off the shelf before you do. Where do these people come from? But over all I have to give it five stars I was like a kid in a candy store looking at all the things from coca cola land.
4	I used to come here in the mid nineties as a kid and paid $2 for a cup and you can try hundred s of flavors of coke around the world from soda dispensers. Now you pay $7 for a 16 cup sampler and they give you a paper which explains the names & countries. Share with 4 people, and go thirsty, (def. not after a buffet like we did. ) It's still fun, but all that soda as an adult isn't as great actually even gross. Maybe better with alcohol!
4	It's a nice alternative from all the hotels and casinos to visit in Vegas especially if you have kids. You'll find all sorts of Coca-Cola products here that are pretty cool but a bit pricey. Indeed, a tourist trap! But as long as you know how to keep your money in your wallet then you're fine. Walk around, sight-see, take photos with the polar bear, and perhaps sample the sodas from different parts of the world for $7.50 (about 16 cups). When done, sit back, relax, and drink coca-cola! =)
3	Cam to try the around the world flavors, was not impressive, the normal glass coke are fantastic. It was a nice experience and to see the huge polar bear.
3	The "Around the World" Coke Sampler is something like a once AND ONLY ONCE in a lifetime experience that you wouldn't regret if you've never tried it. For $7 you get to taste 16 different sodas from different places around the world. It was fun and all but some of them just made me puke in my mouth - one literally tasted like Scope mouthwash; another tasted like a cleaning product. BLEGH. Makes me wonder if a single person relishes this stuff. There were a couple I did fancy, but in the end majority of the drinks were thrown out. Such a waste. :-(Anyway, the store itself is an entertaining tourist attraction where you can spend a few minutes to cool down on a summer day and look at cute Coke merchandise. They also carry Coke apparel that I enjoyed window shopping but was far from interested in actually purchasing (prices are pretty steep as well). Cool place to kill some time! I'll probably be back.
3	Very fun place for all ages, everything Coke you can imagine is here. Plus on the 2nd floor there is a great cheap experience. At $7 total, you can try coke flavors from 14 places around the world! Below is my take on all 14 flavors:Tray 2Mexico- plum, dr pepper flavorCosta Rica- very syrupy cherry flavorIndia- tastes like plain Talking rainMexico- no carbonation watery blehDjibouti- mint waterChina-Jolly rancher apple ciderItaly- WORST DRINK EVER- taste, after taste... EverythingGermany- strong coke
5	Soo much cola here. Samples of the world are awesome. There is not just coca cola here there is sprite, fanta, and all other coke owned sodas. Photos are a little expansive. They have ocaisional printed bottles here too. They have coke antiques, glasses, chains, and coke everything. Some days they have ice cream float attachments to your soda. Everything is good here.
2	Visited there June 6, 2013 in the early morning.  Probably right after it opened. We were NEVER acknowledged by staff. It was empty inside and I walked right past them several times to see if they would say something like hello to me.  Bad customer service.But there is all sorts of Coke drinks, clothing, accessories and home decor.  A Coke drinkers dream. (But I prefer Dr. Pepper!)
4	Cool store.  You can find anything with a come logo here....if you are into that sorta thing :)
4	It was great trying the world sampler.  You get to try 16 flavors of different soda from around the world.  I recommend trying it as a group and taste different sips.  Definitely worth $7 IMO.
5	First time I have tried coke tasting from all around the world! It was a fun and entertaining experience when you bring a group of tight knit people - my family members!  We got 3 orders of the around the world, which was more than enough to handle since some of the flavors from particular countries (by no means of disrespecting) did not win my taste buds.  I'm not naming names of the bad countries, but let's just say that one tasted like a light aftertaste of alcohol, the other that tasted like a liquid form of a flavored jelly belly and the worst one tasted like mouthwash.We played a mini game and drew out the numbers.  Whichever number you picked, you had to drink that particular flavored country coke!  My last family member had the worst luck and picked the mouthwash, which everyone prayed throughout the entire time to avoid!  3 rounds of great fun and 3 rounds of going around the world for a variety of coke!Proud, fun, classic family moments shared here.  Ah, the signature of what coke can be all about just made an imprint in my life.
4	You have got to try "Coke Around the World".  It is amazing what Coke is like in other countries.  I would warn you about #3, it tastes like carbonated spit.  The store is packed with everything Coke you could possible image.  It is a little more spendy that I expected, but it's Coke.
4	Went in yesterday not even expecting to. My cousins were walking by and walked in and I went after them to tell them to stay with the rest of us then everyone ended up coming in. I hate Coke, LOVE Pepsi, but this store had so much cute Coke stuff I wanted to buy up EVERYTHING. they had the cutest clothes, magnets, everything was cute! My cousin took a picture with the polar bear and it was a whopping $35!!!!!!! For a picture?? Are you serious? that is just TOO HIGH. He ended up not buying it but I think that the price is just too high. I wanted to go back and get some things I fell in love with there but we ended up having to leave because I had to get to the airport in a few hours and we still needed to eat. I will def go back to get some of that stuff I saw!!!!!
4	Another tourist trap, but not as 'cool' as M&M World next door. Some of the stuff they sell here you can easily pick up at a local mall.
2	This place has a cool look on the out side but I didn't like the fact that they charged $5 for a tray of measly small samples of 5 different sodas. This is just outrageous.Overall, tourist trap =P
4	Fun place to take the family and a great way to beat the Vegas heat for an hour or so (especially if you combo this visit with a visit to the M&M store next door).A lot of fun stuff to look at (I had no real interest in buying anything here, but other family members did).  There's a polar bear you can take a picture with downstairs (Why? I'm not sure).  We bought the cola sampler.  $7 for 16 cola flavors from around the world.  Plenty for the 6 of us to share.  Family had a lot of laughs trying some of these "unique" tastes - beware of the mouthwash flavored cola!All in all, it was a fun family outing.
3	Great Coke Floats and Memorabilia.  Even though you may be tempted I would not try the cokes from around the world for it is disghusting LOL...  ok well.. maybe once.. but it is pretty nasty.  An overall fun experience.
3	This place is good for a little good, clean, family fun. Obviously a bunch of Coca Cola paraphernalia available for sale. You can also take photos with the Coca Cola polar bear.We had a blast trying the Around The World soda tasting tray, so that's something that's worth doing once.
5	I liked the around the world sampler but one of them taste like mouthwash and toothpaste, eww
4	Came here with a group of friends to try their drinks! For only $7, you can try 16 Coca Cola flavors from around the world! (2 trays worth!) Some of them are a hit and miss, whereas others are quite pleasant. My favorite is the apple-flavored Cola from China. There's one that tastes like Pina Colada and another that tastes just like Sprite from Korea. One of them tastes like mouthwash though!Overall, it's a great treat to stay away from the heat and have some refreshing drinks! There's multiple floors for you to look around for various Coca Cola merchandise. This is a great place to visit when you're in Vegas!
4	Did you know that Coke back in the day used to have cocaine in it, hence the name Coke?One of my favorite soda of all time is vanilla coke and lately, I haven't been seeing the soda on shelves. Luckily, the World of Coca-cola has every coke (and sprite) soda that you can want. My group of friends and I mostly came here to try the flavors of coke around the world. Basically, it's a 16 soda sampler and the drinks vary from German rootbeer, to South America pina colada, to Chinese apple. Unfortunately, half of the drinks are pretty nasty. XD. Even with a group of 8, we can barely finish the drinks due to the weird flavors. Surprisingly, we mixed all the remaining drinks and it ended up tasting like bubble gum. :)Overall, it's a fun store in vegas for the family that does not involve gambling, strippers, and alcohol.
4	My sweetheart and I stopped by on his birthday to check it out as we had some time before his birthday dinner. We are not crazy wicked Coca Cola fans however I thought it would be fun to do the "Taste of the world" sampling. It is $7.00 for 16 different samples of Coca Cola products from other countries. The "Beverly" and the "Mint" flavors were the only two that we could not bare to swallow a second sip of as the first taste was horrendous. If my own mouth could bitch slap me I think it would have for pouring something so gross and foul in it.We enjoyed looking at all of the Coca Cola merchandise however buying any cool memorabilia would be a crime in itself with those ridiculous tourist trap prices. Yikes!The cool thing is that you can get your picture taken with the coca cola bear which is a fun and free souvenir if you ask to take a photo with your phone or camera. Oh yeah! Think smart baby! :) I forced my babez to get his butt over to the bear so I could snap a cute photo of him for his birthday.
3	This was a fun way to spend 30 minutes.  We tried the "around the world" flight of sodas, which I thought was very reasonably priced.  Unfortunately, all it did was remind me just how good we have it hear in the USA.  Our soda is FAR superior to the rest of the world.  Most of the tiny plastic cups were filled with super gross stuff.  Don't get me wrong - it was still fun to taste them all (especially to see the faces my husband made when trying the Italian one!).  Next time, I'll probably stick with the domestic sampler though!
3	I like doing tastings, so the tasting of the strange Coke products is fun for me.  Some are delish some...uh, not so much.  But, it's something to do and then you can shop your heart out at the GIANT Coca Cola store.  I don't even need any branded crap, but there is so much there that even I want to buy something.  Crazy.Go here, taste some Colas, then take pictures with the bear.  You know you want to.
4	i ALWAYS go here with my friends when we go to vegas.we like to do the 'round-the-world' tray and play rock paper scissors to see who has to drink a random flavor.as a warning, some of them taste TERRIBLE. either medicinal or bitter like ear wax. it tastes extremely bad and we could barely drink it. instead of drinking it as a drink, you should try and make a game out of it. as for my friends! we usually play rock paper scissors, the winners are safe but the losers need to play against each other, and whoever loses that, has to choose a drink, either best tasting to worst, or a random one.try getting the root beer float. it's pretty big and tastes great. you can share it if you're not afraid of germs! this place is quite fun and i love all the cool coke themed things around. i definitely recommend this with friends and family.you can also take pictures with the polar bear downstairs, no charge! but it'll cost money if you ask them to make you one, otherwise, have fun with the green screen. LOL.
5	Fun times!!  Great place to explore all that is Coca-Cola!  My kids loved it - down to the little coca-cola bottles!!
4	I lived in Las Vegas for 17 yeas & never came here until I moved away. One of those places you appreciate once you're gone. This is a total tourist place but it's pretty cool. There's a plethora of Coca-Cola products to buy if you're into that. I especially love the different soda flavors they sell. The Around the World Tray is a must! Even if you do it once, try all 16 flavors. Warning: some are good & others are grotesque, so make sure you get a water to wash the taste out of your mouth. In any case, it's an experience that you can try for $7.
5	This store is full of Coca Cola goodies and sodas.  Anything from mouse pads, fridge, coca cola signs, to the soda itself.THE BEST PART is the Coca Cola Bear!  There is a photobooth with the coca cola bear.  The costume is VERY VERY well made and the actor inside is the best.  By the end, I believed he was actually the coca cola bear and not an actor wearing a costume.
5	nice store lots of souvenirs
4	A must-visit tourist attraction for any Coca-Cola fan. I have quite a fondness for regular Coca-Cola, while the No1DP considers it one of his main two edible vices. The World of Coca-Cola is right along the Strip between the Hard Rock Cafe and the MGM Grand hotel. With a large glass Coke bottle right in front of the store, you really can't miss it.The store has two floors featuring a plethora of various Coke products. Coke apparel seems to be mainly on the first floor. Photo-ops with the Coke polar bear seem to be on the 2nd floor.What most people do is to try the Around the World tray. $7 gets you 16 sample sized soda products from around the world. I've tried to do this by myself back in 2010, which was in retrospect a very bad idea - barely could make it through 1/3 of the tray. As we looked at the people ordering these trays we thought it would be best to try that should we be back with more people, and since we both craving something sweet we settled for the ice cream float tray ($8), which contains 8 different sodas with vanilla ice cream on top.#1 and #5 are your standard fail-safe (but still delicious!) Coke and root beer floats. Barq's still has that slight afterbite that is not mellowed out by the ice cream.#3 is a cherry CREME float while #4 is just standard cherry coke float. #4 is better than #3 as the creme makes it a bit too sweet.#7 and #8 prove that Fanta is NOT a suitable soda for a float. I used to like orange soda back in the day, but this only proved how old I was getting :/ Both the No1DP and I agreed that Fanta Grape is a poor excuse for a soda, tastes way too much like carbonated Robitussin (whoever reads this, please don't try to steal this idea and make this an alternate way to make Robitussin more tolerable. It's not gonna work) #2: Sprite float. Hay guys, let's soak ice cream all over seltzer water! Tastes just as unappetizing as it sounds.#6 is Mello Yello. While No1DP grew up with Mello Yello and told me stories about this soda, I wasn't even born yet when this happened and by the time I was born the preferred national high-caffeinated beverage is Mountain Dew. Mello Yello is a more tart version of Mountain Dew that could potentially work as a float.After trying these flavors now I know why root beer floats followed by coke floats have withstood the test of time: these are the only two sodas that work with vanilla ice cream. Seems legit. Before we left No1DP bought some Coke memorabilia and knicknacks for his office to showcase to his coworkers the extent of his addiction. Hope his mom will forgive me for this.
2	Interesting place! Love the world of flavor sodas but was disapointed when I noticed that it was 2 trays of soda and not a huge room of different fountain machines where you can sample like Ive seen on TV! Also the coke freestyle machines were not working????? FYI the parking garage is $3!!!!! Save yourself the $3 and park in the casino's lot for FREE!!!!
3	Coke vs Pepsi, I vote Coke. A kid friendly place on the Strip. Come check it out! It's a nice break from "Vegas" in Vegas. I wanted to buy so many things from this store, but I had to refrain. 1 or 2 knick knacks is fine. Enough to file a whole room, not so fine. + Coke everything!+ Photo opportunities+ Tastes around the worldCoke foreverrrrr~
4	Located on the strip by MGM hotel and Casino, it will be easy to spot just by the giant Coca Cola bottle outside their building, its a must see at least once thing for all tourist and fanatics alike. If you are a fan and a lover of things Coca Cola, this is the place to be. You will be surrounded by the red and white logos and polar bears every where. From bottles, glass cups, sweaters, hats, key chains, magnets, t-shirts and a few classic coke stuff. The husband and I decided to do the flavors of around the world. I guess a while back they used to do free samples and that was always fun and a good memory of his from his childhood. Now its a small fee but you get to try a total of preset 16 flavors. The serving size of the tastes are big enough to be shared and you will most likely want to share since some of the flavors are too weird and not so great tasting. (No need to buy a taste trial for each person, trust me on that). Some of the drinks were flat in bubbly too, not sure if that's how they are suppose to be but yea, flat soda is not my thing.  Tray 1Inca Kola- PeruFanta Magic- EstoniaVegitabeta- JapanSprite Ice- Korea- taste just like sprite haha. Stoney Tangawizi- TanzaniaSmart Watermelon- China- one of the less weird tasting onesThumbs Up- IndiaKinley Lemon- EnglandTray 2Lift Manzana- MexicoSunfill Mint- Djibouti- it did taste minty and it was just weird to know it was a cokeFanta Kolita- Costa RicaSmart Apple- China- another one of those non-weird tasting onesBibo Kiwi Mango- South Africa- very interesting but I was unable to taste the fruit in itBeverly- Italy  I think this was the super bitter oneCiel Aquarius- MexicoMezzo Mix- GermanyI would recommend everyone to do this taste test thing at least once, I wouldn't do it again.. been there and done that. I am a huge coke fan and enjoyed trying something new. The place has lots of souvenirs and a photo opportunity with their Polar Bear mascot.
5	Did the $7 around the world tasting.  You get 16 cups of different coke products from around the world.  The flavors vary from inka cola to watermelon soda to "Beverly" which reminded me of bath salts or perfume (yuck!).  Most flavors were good.  They give you cards with the name of the soda and what country they come from.  The line was not too long but there was not enough seating.  Next time I would also try a mello yello ice cream float - looked so good!  Great place to stop and take a break from walking the Vegas strip.  Cute gift shop with lots of coca cola items for the collectors in your family.  They also had a photo shoot for $35 with a cocoa bear/robot thing that looked pretty cool!
3	I am a huge fan of Coca Cola so a visit to World of Coca Cola was a must but I was slightly underwhelmed by the experience. It is basically a big shop selling every conceivable item with the famous logo along with a bar for tasting the different coke products from around the world. I would recommend the $7 around the world tasting experience. You get 16 cups of different coke products from around the world, some taste great others are undrinkable.
4	Must come here to try the samples of the different flavors of coca cola!OMG I didn't know there were so many different coca cola flavors. Came here with some friends and we tried 16 international flavors of coca cola. All the flavors were very interesting. We didn't finish all the samples because some were nasty and weird.Additionally, you can take a picture with the polar bear. FYI you can't hold or touch the bear's scarf since I wanted to hold out the scarf but was told not to.
2	I have been to the REAL Coke museum in ATL. This is really just a gift shop with some coke tastings. The prices in the tasting area are not bad at all, but again, it's no where near as cool as an actual museum. If you are really bored and want to sit down and eat a float, come here. If not, maybe go elsewhere?
4	The $7 around the world tasting is a must do! We had 5 people and we still couldn't finish all the samples (not all of them tasted that great..) It's fun though, we all sipped a cup and passed it around and once we were all done trying it, we played games where the losers would have to drink. I wasn't as fascinated with the products in the store, but the tasting made it fun. P.S. you need water with the tasting..
5	Thirsty? This is a good place to be! We came here browsing and there are plenty of coca-cola souvenirs... key chains, magnets, shirts, shorts, cups, mugs, pencils... you get the point. I was actually surprised that most of these souvenirs were actually somewhat reasonably priced and not outrageously priced (hello, tourist trap).What got us to stay was:1. A picture with the polar bear ***Spoiler*** you're taking a few pictures and he chooses someone and bites their head! Go upstairs to see the hilarious pictures of the victim2. Their drink bar. A ton of selection of drinks and at super cheap prices too! We tried the $7 for 16 international coke samples. I'm not gonna lie, most of them were disgusting and the 5 of us could not finish even half of the cups. But it was fun and worth the try.Overall, love the store and come get a drink while you're in here!
4	I wanted to come in just because I simply loved the polar bear. When I saw the giant  one you can take a picture with, I knew we had to do it! You can order an overly priced one upstairs or you can have them take a picture for you on your own camera. Of course, it will just have the green screen but at least you get in with the bear. Another thing that was cool was the samples of coca-colas around the world. The price was $7 which i considered pretty good considering the amounts of samples you get. However, don't expect any of them to taste like the variation of the American coke. Most of the were fruity...or even minty. If you are in an adveturous mood, I would definitely grab some friends for some samples. It's hilarious to see everyone's reaction after taking a sip from a cup.
5	Yelps 365 Review Challenge 2014 - Los Angeles #27 - #365Are you a huge Coke fan? Well this is the place for you!  I was staying at Bally's and decided to check out the "World of Coca-Cola" because it's always packed with tourists every time I past by it on the strip. Their store is filled with Coca Cola memorabilia back when Coke was in infancy to modern Coke merchandise. What better place to buy some merchandise with the infamous "Coca-Cola logo" on their products.Customer service was spot on, I wanted to buy six Coke glasses and asked if they had cardboard cases for the glasses like they would have at Crate and Barrel. The supervisor said no but went above and beyond and looked in the back for a case the would fit 6 tall Coke glasses. After 5 - 10 minutes of waiting, she was able to find me one and I was impressed with how they handled that. Kudos to the manager!On the second floor, they have a tasting room where you can sample different kinds of Coke from 16 countries, all for $7.Not bad, Eh?  My favorite Coke sample was from Mexico and the worst was from Italy.
4	This place is well worth a look...I have a pic with the Coca Cola Bear from several years ago..I have several magnets on my freezer door as well that were purchased here..lots of neat Coca Cola stuff...very inexpensive Vegas stuff if you're looking for that sort of thing...
5	Oh this was really fun. I am not a big Cokehead but I loved trying out the flight of different sodas from all over the world. I am told I was a weirdo for not liking the watermelon soda from China like most folks do, but wow was it gross. We both really liked the Inca Cola. It was a fun break to do something a little different but man was the sugar rush insane. If you are a big fan of the brand it's a huge must - lots of unique merchandise.
5	I went to World of Coca-Cola in 2011 and I loved it. The location on the Las Vegas Strip spices up what would be exciting at any place. They were a fun part of the strip and the merchandise is plentiful. It is right next to M&M World.If you are into soda, then enjoy this kind of Coca-Cola capitol, of outside Atlanta. They let you taste worldwide sodas. It had sixteen different 4. oz cups and I loved the variety. Some were apple flavored and one was like bitter medicine. That is all that can be said. I had the fun of a lifetime.World of Coca-Cola is fun to no end and thus it is a must-see attraction for visitors to Las Vegas.
5	If you like the drink, you must go. Actually you must go just to see all the stuff they got, it's a museum! Not a bad place to get a souvenir either.
4	Every time I come here, I want to leave with something.  The 16 international flavors of Coke is interesting.  It costs $7 and they give you a fair amount, so you could split it with like 2 or 3 otehr people.  Must try it.  Obviously a very touristy place but it's fun.
4	I would hAve given this a 3 stars but I gave an extra one for uniqueness. Typical store trying to sell u cola name on mugs, key chains, tshirt, and etc. blah! Boring!Only good thing to do on the 1st floor is to take a pic with the polar bear for FREE! Bring your own camera and the store worker will take it for you. Second floor, ordered the 16 "around the world" for $7.57 ! It was a lot of soda to handle for 2 people, even for 4 people. I wasted more than 3/4 of it. It is a must try in Vegas. Items in the store and their cola sold were expensive/ tourist price. I would not buy. One more plus is no one push you to buy anything.FYI: I suggest you bring a bottle of water to wash down the sugary taste or you can pay extra $.75 for water( with your order)
5	it's coke worlddrink coke drinks from around the worldone of them tastes like mouthwashcosts seven bucksthe neon green drink is bomb dot comyou can get a large cup of that for like 3 buckstotally worth itjust godon't ask questions
5	Recommend trying the coke cola store. For $7.00 the around the world taste. So fun! And you can even shop and buy souvenirs and take pics with the polar bear. My favorite is seeing the kids get along. Lol!
4	Located right next to m&m world near new york new york on the strip. I recommend getting the world sampler of 16 kinds of sodas not available in the US as it gives your tastes buds a spin. One of the flavors tasted like an old lady while the green apple and watermelon ones from china tasted the best. The rest of the shop is meh but 4 stars just for the world sampler.
3	I always come to this place when I'm in Vegas but it's just so expensive.  I could never bring myself to buy anything.
3	Never liked Pepsi.  Never will.  I'm a Coke man, simple as that.  So, I was glad to see a Coke store dedicated to their product.  It's a really cool shop with all the Coke products that you can think of.  Hats, shirts, cups, glass, clocks, underwear, etc.  You really can't miss it.  A big giant Coke bottle is part of the building complex.  I think you'll have fun browsing here, unless you're a Pepsi man.
4	I absolutely loved this place. Took my kids for the first time and they were in heaven! Prices were great and it was kept very clean which is probably hard with all the traffic that goes thru there! Will be back most definitely!
5	If you love or even like Coke, this place is for you!  The amount of clothing, chocthkes and ephemera makes it so fun to browse!  They have a cooler case of Mexican Coke, which tastes even better than regular Coke, and then you get to say "I bought Mexican Coke in Las Vegas".  Good times.
5	This was totally fun! There's tons of crazy Coke memorabilia to browse. You can even get your pic taken with the Coke polar bear. And upstairs, for $7, you can sample 16 Coke products from around the world. This is the thing to come here for. Get it! James O. and I had a blast sampling all the concoctions. Ever wondered what the soda in Peru or Zimbabwe or China was like? Now you can know. And then after your around the world soda tour, you can grab a Coke float for dessert. Then you can get a giant Coke slushie to walk around the Strip with. Yeah, it's a total tourist trap and frequently overrun with families, but it's worth it.
4	This is in the tourist area of Vegas where you look at everything with trepidation and cynicism. This one is fairly unique and you can taste Coke from around the world which is super cool.
4	My wife and i did the tastes from around the world thing, and well, that was something else! Really fun thing to do and not that expensive either! I'm not saying it tastes good though! :D
5	It's really cool to see all the coke products.  The location is very good for taking photos because the store is quite unique. They have a photo shot area with the coke cola polar.  The photo will cost money but you can also take a selfie with the bear.  Definitely try the world of soda on the second floor.  You'll need to have multiple friends to share the soda samples.
4	The around the world tasting was very cool and interesting.  For just seven bucks its a lot of soda flavors.  Some of them made me cringe after I tasted it but for the most part they were all tasty.
4	Definitely try the taste around the world and root beer float! For $15 you get to experience 24 different flavors nd it's worth it! Some of them are really good and makes you want more and some... Well, all you can say is what in the world are they drinking! Did this with my daughter and we had a ton of fun experiencing all the flavors. I think our face expressions alone was well worth it! Granted they don't expect you to drink the whole thing so don't force it down your throat. It's definitely a olds version of "tastings". Our gal that was the cashier that once was super friendly too...We went late at night after dinner so it was likes dessert ending for us and the lines weren't that long.
5	April 26, 2014After purchasing a 32oz Cherry Icee, the girls and I got the whole coke sampling! SO.MUCH.COKE.DRINKS! I loved the tasting, it was fun and you can even make a game out of it. Everything in here were utterly awesome. I love the photo ops with the cuddly polar bear. He smiles, blinks, and gives attitude...just simply ADORABLE.
4	A fun place to take the kids while in Vegas. Get the soda sampler and some extra cups to share tastings.They take your picture with the coke polar bear downstairs. Its not free but still enjoyable.
3	Love the shop, has many cute and cheesy coke items. I enjoyed the around the world taste test, it was interesting to try different drinks from all over, some were disgusting and some were very good.
5	OMG! Lots of nice stuff to buy here. We had bought so many things at the nearby M&M store, I could not buy much here. Have to get the stuff back home on an airplane tamps down the shopping. :-(They also have coke floats and other tasty treats so bring your appetite. I could not eat or drink because I had eaten lunch already.On my next trip, I'll shop here first.
3	Everything Coca Cola! Coke rules and Pepsi sucks. That's my story and I'm sticking to it!If you're a Coke fan this is a must visit when in Vegas. It's right on The Strip so why not? Plus, on a steaming hot day it's nice to take a break in the World of Coca Cola for some nice air conditioning and cold samples of their "sodas of the world" selection. I have done this a few times here and there are like 16 different varieties. Some are downright nasty tasting and others are surprisingly good and wish they offered a few of them here in the states. Based on what country they are from I guess their palates are way different than here in the USA. Hey Italy, what the heck? Yuck.   If you are a Coca Cola memorabilia collector this place is your mothership. All types of shirts, toys, magnets, hats, cups, clothes, and assorted trinkets. Be prepared to pay tourist trap prices though! Take a picture with the big Coca Cola Bear - at least that's free if you use your own camera. Definitely worth it to drop in and walk around the place for a bit. As it is, I am a Diet Coke and Coke Zero fan. Lately I am addicted to the Cherry Zero Coke. I just can't stop!
5	As a Coca Cola fanatic I was super excited for this.  Like fat kid in a candy store excited.  It was well over 100 degrees on Sunday of Memorial Day Weekend.  Already made my way through M&M which was lackluster because the last thing you want is melted chocolate in 100 degree weather.  That or I wanted to rush through it so I could make my way over to Coca Cola.  Either way, I walked in and it was like "ahhhhhhhh~"  air conditioning...First thing that caught my eye was the bear!  creepy as shit, but weirdly cute... Wanted to take a picture with him but boyfie said no :[ Instead he ushered me upstairs which was where the tasting was.  He knows me so well.  I had been looking forward to this moment all weekend long.16 samples of coke from all over the world (not really, more like 8 or something) for 7 bucks!  WHAT A STEAL :D  they also have the floats but they only come in a combo of 8 I believe.  BF picked it up and brought it to the table.  My eyes lit up!  So many colors!  So many bubbles!  So many things to drink!  And then reality.  South Africa has no carbonation.  It's just MEH.  and ITALY.  EFF ITALY.  Italy just like crushed my coca cola soul.  but whatevs, it wasn't enough to take me down.  I pushed through.  and got through all 16!  of course we didn't finish any of it, because that is way too much to be drinking on a 110 degree day, but i enjoyed it.  Thoroughly.  They also had scratch and sniff shirts!  And again, if you REALLY want a picture with the bear, it appears they allow people to take photos with their personal cameras for like a quick minute before going back to charging, so make sure you take advantage of it!
4	This is one of my favorite stops on the Vegas strip! I love all the cool, funky coke products they sell. My favorite thing they offer is called the around the world and float trays! You get to try different coke flavors from around the world. Some are good and some are bitter and gross. But it's still fun to try them all. The float tray was so yummy! They offer 8 different soda flavors in float form. Sprite float and cheery coke float were my favorite! Sprite float is really refreshing and light! It was a fun experience for everyone :)
4	This place is a Coke lovers paradise, two floors of pure Coca Cola happiness! You will want to be sure to head up to the second floor so you can hit up the soda fountain. But make sure that you get you pic. with the polar bear first and don't worry because they will let you use your own camera! Then once you head up to the soda fountain you can get a yummy float or ice cold bottle of classic coke. But be sure to try the sampler from around the world, it's 16 flavors of fun.
4	Great place to escape the 110 heat. Try the World Tour of colas. A dozen Different Coke productions from around the world from Korea to Costa Rica. I suggest you have something to snack on though bc after your fourth cup it gets kind of rough. Sip carefully bc some taste like cough syrup. Keep in mind some are caffeinated so watch how much you share w the young ones unless you want them up all night bouncing around the hotel room. Lots of neat Coca Cola items too.
5	When I went to Las Vegas back in December of 2012 and saw the Coca Cola store next to our hotel I told my wife we got to check it out.When my and I first walked in the store I was so amaze of all the coca cola product, because I'm a big fan. My wife and I tried the around the world Coca Cola and I forgot which one I like the most.The one thing I like the most was that I took a photo with the Coca Cola bear. I felt like a kid again hehe.My wife about to buy me a glasses made out of recycle stuff, but when I look at the price I told her no.The Coca Cola elevator looks so cool on the outside and I told my wife let's ride it, but I didn't know if it was working or not. Instead I took a photo of the elevator from the outside because it looks like the glass bottle.Pros:Clean Big storeCons:A lot of people.
5	I think the merchandise at Coca-Cola world is definitely of a higher quality than the merchandise at M&M's World next door. **TRY THE AROUND THE WORLD SAMPLER** while you're here. It's 16 flavors of soda from around the world -- shout outs to Mezzo Mix from Germany and the Watermelon and Green Apple sodas from China. They do rotate flavors but overall, all of them are great except for the bitter Italian one, and whatever country serves the mouthwash-reminiscent one. It's two trays, of eight flavors each, making a total of 16. Definitely a great afternoon thirst quench for the whole family. You'll even learn a few things about the History of Coca-Cola and culture of soda in general!World of Coca-Cola is two stories of Coke merchandise. Be sure to check the sale aisle on the first floor. There's a lot of cute recycled t-shirts for juniors and ladies.
2	All I can really remember from this place is the creepy life-size polar bear. DISLIKE. It's a typical Vegas store, overdone and huge with lots of flashiness, not unexpected from Coca-Cola. I can't bring myself to buy anything from this company so I didn't stay long. Cool building, not so cool company.And I can't get over the creepy bear. Yuck.
5	I loved this place. My husband who loves coke like no other was the happiest little husband ever! I got his picture with coke bear!I wanted to buy him a souvenir, but a lot of the products are very pricey.I highly recommend checking this place out though, and try the coke around the world sampler!!!
5	We went in looking for Mezzo Mix and we  found it!! The store was pretty cool but we were in it for the soda fountain on the top floor. The girls behind the bar were really nice and let me try a few different sodas. The pineapple Fanta was great but the Beverly was gross- do not be tempted by the interesting name- it's (for lack of better words) yucky. If you're looking for a nice refreshing coke product grab a drink here, it won't break the bank and they have some great flavors that are hard to find elsewhere. There's nothing like walking around vegas with a giant Mezzo Mix, we were really happy!
3	Wish it was bigger but kinda cool. I was also hoping you could sample Cokes fron around the world, but nope.
4	the store is nice if you are interested in classic or modern coke memorabilia.  The real experience is going to the soda fountain and trying out the taste of the world through coke flavors.  It's inexpensive and provides a nice bit of fun seeing what flavors are popular throughout other counties.Tip: the Beverly is the best of them all.
4	My friends and I made a quick stop to look around here since it was next to M&M World. Had I known the Around the World soda tray was only $7, I would have hopped on that quick! It looked delicious and lots of people were there trying out all the sodas. Unfortunately, my friends and I didn't have much time, so we had to skip out on that.We had a good experience taking "free" photos with the Coca-Cola bear though! The photographer, assistant, and bear were super fun to interact with. I really liked how the assistant talked to the bear to make things feel more realistic.We ended up not buying any photos even though it looked cool since it was either $20 for one photo or $30 for their package deal. Too much. :( I think it was about $30 to get a copy of it on a USB flash drive, but we didn't think it was worth it either.No charge if you use your own camera or phone. We had our picture taken again with the bear using our GoPro. At one point, the bear even took over and shot a little video. Again, great interactions! It made for a nice little souvenir and memory for our trip to Vegas. :)
4	My friends and I randomly came in here on our way to M&M world. Boy, was it a good idea to! We were immediately drawn in by the Coca-Cola polar bear. Pictures are free to take, and they encourage you to take pictures with your own cameras too! We wanted to purchase the prints since the background looked really cool, but they were much too expensive in our opinions.On the second floor, we saw many people sitting around taste testing. I wish we had more time to purchase the "Around the World" soda tray! I'd be willing to come back next time I'm in Vegas just for that!
4	This was my first time here, but I will definitely be back.The prices for specialty Coke drinks and souvenirs was super cheap compared to other shops on the Strip. I bought the Around the World tray for $7, which had 16 different sodas and there was more than enough for me and my boyfriend to try each one at least twice. He even got a Cherry Coke Milkshake for only $2.50. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star rating was because there was little to no seating available. I understand they only have a certain amount of space to work with,  but I had to wait for a couple to leave before I could sit down (mind you, I was holding two trays of soda as I waited). I also did not give it the final star because the photos they took of me and my boyfriend were cute, but were $30 for three of them!  I think it is a very good attraction for locals and tourists alike. It's interesting and worth checking out!
4	Omg, this was my first time walking into a store like this, or at least I think it is! :OSome of the stuff can be pricey others at a reasonable amount. They actually have 2 floors, but unfortunately I was a little skeptical going up there, so I never really took the chance to throughly investigate :( They have so many things here and the bags are good quality, they are durable and the design is a classic. When you walk through the entrance on your left you'll see large stacks of glasses that includes: beer glasses, shots, cups, mugs and many more!! Almost all of them are either in green or white! :) I ended up buying some souvenirs for my friend and I'm looking forward to their reaction :)
3	This store has everything and anything you may want that has to do with Coca-Cola.  You can't miss this store on the east side of the strip marked by a huge Coke bottle.  Stop in and check out some of the novelty items that you wouldn't see just anywhere.
4	Everything coca-cola. Who doesn't love that. First of all, I think my hubby and I went a little crazy in here. Started filling our bags with magnets, piggy banks and clothes. Oh wait there's an upstairs? Taste the coke from different countries?! Why sure. Tasted a really bad one so I got smart and made hubby try everything first. Lol It's definitely a fun experience.
5	Came here and got the Taste Of The World Tray. Let's you sample different coca cola beverages across the world. Watch out for Italy's "Beverly" by far the most disgusting beverage you will ever drink!!
4	This is definitely one of those places that are worth a visit, but probably just one, maybe two visits. Unless you're crazy about Coca Cola merchandise, then multiple visits would be necessary.One of the highlights of this place are the green screen photo with the Coca Cola polar bear. They will take a pic of you for free with just the plain green background using your cell or tablet, which is cool. They will then take a pic of you with their camera and you get to see the finished product upstairs. It is pretty costly to purchase the print from the store, but if you're a big Coke fan, I can see someone purchasing the print/s.The second, and even better (in my opinion) highlight, is "Tastes Around the World". Here you get 2 trays with 8 cups on each. Every cup has a different Coca Cola product from around the world. They trays are labeled with what flavor is in the cup along with which country it is from. You are also given 2 sheets that give the same information.The flavors ranged from "I can see myself drinking this everyday!" to "What plague spread across this country to make their sense of taste die?". I won't give the flavors that elicited these reactions, because it can be so subjective. Just know that one of them made my eyes water from the sheer awfulness of it's taste. If you're going to do this, try doing it with a friend. It's way more fun with another person! :)The cups are small, but it's more than enough to split between two people. When my boyfriend and I did it, we only finished 3 or 4 of the cups.Another feature is the ice cream float tray. We didn't try it because we consumed way too much sugar from the "Tastes Around the World" tray. Next time we're in town, we may have to make a second stop here just to try the floats. I was really looking forward to the "Tastes Around the World" feature and it sure didn't disappoint. We agreed that it was fun, but once you tried the different flavors & took a pic with the polar bear, there really wasn't much with the store other than over-priced Coca Cola merchandise. Still, that flavors tray was a lot of fun. :)
5	Every time I go to Las Vegas this place is a must for me...I love Coke a Cola. I am like a kid in this place...I like to take my time and look at everything.Try the different drinks of the world...some are good and some are questionable...lol. It's fun to take pictures and just browse around.
4	We stopped by here because we'd heard of the coke tastings. The tastings - less than $10 to try 16 flavors from around the world (see my photos for countries and names) - was a great deal. The two of us were able to try all the flavors and had a bunch left over (because honestly, most of them were not worth drinking all the way). As for the rest of the store, it's good if you're a Coke fan. A little too much for me, and more than I was willing to spend for a souvenir. Again, if you like Coke, this is a fun place to stop by!P.S. If you do a tasting, beware the Beverly!
5	The hubby and I went here for the first time last year and we enjoyed ourselves the entire time we did the tour. I did the tour once before and I remember it was being a bit different but it captured the main points. The tasting is the best even though I didn't like any of them. But the over all experience was great.
4	I mean, it's a two floor retail cathedral to the No. 1 soft drink in the world. Fun place with expensive memorabilia. The fun thing to do is on the second floor- "Tastes of the World" 16 samples of soda around the world! Which was awesome. And I've joined the "Beverly Club" you'll see.Fun stop on your walk on the strip. Enjoy the A/C, have a Coke and a smile.
4	I'm not going to lie, I think I prefer the rival of Coca-Cola but my dad and my brothers are big Coca-Cola fanatics.  Whenever I stop into Sin City and my dad's birthday, Father's Day, or Christmas is coming up, I'll stop in and see what else I can add to his crazy collection.Connected to M&M's World, Coca-Cola offers all sorts of wondrous items.  They have playing cards, piggy banks, the cutest and softest polar bear plushies, and other items you never knew you needed.  For example, I have a swanky Coca-Cola bottle opener magnet on my fridge as we speak!  Does it work well?  Sorta.  Did I badly need it when I saw it?  You betcha!They also have an Around the World soda selection upstairs that I haven't tried yet but I really want to.  You can also take a souvenir picture with a polar bear mascot for a price unless you use your camera/phone but all you get is a green screen backdrop.  Want more fun?  Too bad.  That's pretty much all there is to the World of Coca-Cola.Stop in and take a gander!  There's lots to see and touch and if anything, you can buy yourself a nice cold soda while walking The Strip to give your poor liver a break.  Mmm, Fanta!
3	We tried the around the world tasting. I really enjoyed the interesting flavors offered from other countries. There was, however, one flavor that was very unpleasant. I believe it was the sample from Italy.
5	My mom loves this place as she loves the Coca-Cola brand who somehow transformed their soda company into an entertainment company with merchandise. Kudos. That being said, this is a very fun, family-friendly, thing to do on the strip. There is a polar bear, soda tastings and of course merchandise! Love this place!
5	I remember when I came here to try the Coca-Cola Sampler from around the world and oh my, some tasted very disgusting and others were very good. I wished they sold them in bottles so people are able to purchase them and keep it as a souvenir or drink it at a time of their choice. I wish to try their Float Variety Platter the next time I go to Las Vegas, I always buy bottled coke to drink in the hotel when I visit.
3	Went in here because my mom is a Coke fanatic and the store is awesomely decorated, got some pretty cool memorabilia but I'm gonna be totally honest here, I'm just leaving a review because of the horrible service I got while paying for my things. Just a heads up guys, if you're gonna purchase things here, come with no expectations of good customer service, especially from this worker Desiree. My mom spent a good amount of money here and was even trying to be friendly to her but all she gets back is just a horrible attitude and rude replies. We asked for two separate orders and bags because one were for my uncle and she actually had the nerve to give us, the customer, an eye roll (LITERALLY) and gave us attitude while separating our things. About half an hour later my aunt also purchased things from another cashier, who was ALSO rude. I mean really? If you don't want to work then don't. My goodness people...
5	Love this little store. They have so many cute things here. Shirts, pajamas, hats, sports coke bottles, change bottles, ornaments and lots of other stuff. Store isn't really big. Located on the strip. It's by the NyNy hotel, MGM and the M&M store.
4	I really enjoyed this place.  Great variety of memorabilia.  Have some fun and try the trays of soda from around the world.  You will find some great tasting drinks....... And some not so great tasting drinks.
5	I like this store. It fits Vegas. It is located on the strip next to MnMs store. I valeted at MGM and walked over. It's over the top coke products, so if you want your entire home decorated with Coke, they got it. I came here to try the flavors of world of coke. It's $8 for 16 flavors. You don't want to try more than a sip, because the flavors are quite interesting, I prefer regular coke. Anyways, you can seriously share this with 4 other people.
1	Purely on customer service. Why make a line for customers when I was standing in line then someone cut in front of me.My friend was already paying in line and someone stood in back of him then the cashier proceeded to ring them up instead. My friend even told the cashier that I was next, and the cashier said in a nicely way "well they are in back of you" OH REALLY??? I put my items right down on the line where they could see it and we both walked out. Never again i'll buy someone in that store. Horrible, horrible customer service. Why make a line when the employees don't follow the rules. Learn a thing or two.
5	I'm not even a Coca-Cola fan, but I love this place. I came here in my 20's and 20 years later returned with my two sons 8 & 11. Coke memorabilia, utensils, gadgets, clothing etc. My FAVORITE THING HERE is trying the 16 varieties of coke products from different countries. It's $8 for two trays and it's the ultimate taste test. Some yummy, some ok, some not so great. It all depends on your taste buds. We had a blast doing a family taste test and did a rating system. We loved the frosty melon from Thailand. Cool experience with lots of smiles.
5	Large selection of all the things related to coca cola! There is a cafe on 2rd fl. We tried 'around the world' and 8 floats! Total 24 different coca cola. Amazing! Most of them are great! Some of them are just too special, tastes weird! Lol! The white polar bear will come out and scare ppl, I mean play with ppl. You are welcomed to take pic with the bear. Sometimes he will bite the kid's head when picturing! Lol! That's his signature post. So much fun playing with the bear!
5	I haven't been to the World of Coca-Cola in Atlanta in many years so it was nice to see another Coca-Cola store here way out in Las Vegas. The store is quite large and has all these doodads that you would want for any Coca-Cola fan. There is a drink station upstairs where you can purchase a drinks around the world tasting tray for like $8 or so.There is a lot of Coca-Cola clothing that I adore and would love to buy. The prices especially if it's on sale do not seem too crazy either.
5	Large selection of all the things related to coca cola! There is a cafe on 2rd fl. We tried 'around the world' and 8 floats! Total 24 different coca cola. Amazing! Most of them are great! Some of them are just too special, tastes weird! Lol! The white polar bear will come out and scare ppl, I mean play with ppl. You are welcomed to take pic with the bear. Sometimes he will bite the kid's head when picturing! Lol! That's his signature post. So much fun playing with the white big bear!
4	June experience:The store was grand, &filled with overpriced souvenirs, or maybe Im just cheap. haha! But it was pretty cool in here. Bf &I tried the different flavors Coca Cola have around the world, &I thought that was pretty fun. Some were nasty(I think it was the italian one), some were really good. Everything could have been shared by like 4-5 people since youre just supposed to taste it. I tossed a great amount of sodas out, too much sugar! I recommend this place if youre curious about what the Coca Cola company offers around the globe, but may I remind you that sodas are bad for you so drink moderately! Lol.
4	Everything Coca Cola!!-2 Floors of products, drinks, and gifts-Large size with huge amount of products-Great for kids (Toys and clothes available)-Take your picture with the Polar Bear-Products for different types of occasions (Birthday, Wedding, Baby, Holidays)-Floor 2 has a court for buying drinks-Try the "Drinks Around the World" $8 (2 Trays of sodas)-Try the "Float Variety Platter" $8 for 1 Tray (Different sodas with vanilla ice cream)-Lots of different souvenir cups to choose from-Reasonable prices-Huge sale section-Mystery gift bags (Small $2, Medium $5, Large $7)-Great to take pics inside and outside with the giant bottle
4	Holy Coca-ColaThis was my first time to a World of Coca-Cola store and was quite impressed. This one has 2 floors of products with a court area for buying drinks.3 of us shared the flavors of the world sampler and had an adventure doing so .The portions of the sampler cups were pretty generous, so unless you're a sugar freak, you may want to consider sharing it with 2 or 3 friends. $8 included 16 sample cups from a variety of Coca-Cola products from around the world. For a little more, you can get 8 addition float samples; Coca-Cola products from around the world with a scoop of vanilla ice cream in each. We were already on a sugar binge, so the sampler was enough.There was a crazy amount of Coca-Cola branded merchandise. Everything from mugs to shirts any souvenir you could think of. The price wasn't too crazy either, so we left with a few souvenirs. Overall a great experience especially for those curious of other Coca-Cola companies from around the world. Will definitely be back during my next trip to vegas.
5	This was my hands-down favorite store on the Strip! My family loved it, too! The selection of merchandise is enormous and we loved the vast majority of clothing designs. Some items are quite unique, too, such as cool clothing made from recycled Coke bottles and scented t-shirts that smell like various Coke beverages. In general, the designs of the clothing were all really cool and trendy and, if we had the money, we would've bought a ton more stuff than we did. (As is, we got Coke socks and stationery and I bought a fab, clunky Coke ring on sale).Speaking of sale, there's an area on the second floor devoted to sale merchandise. Here you can find a few steals. My Coke ring cost $3! And I got gorgeous Coke Christmas cards for next year for a steal. I like how, even when this store is busy and crowded, it's not as much as a cluster-squeeze of people (like we encountered at the M&M store). The lay-out is better and easier to navigate. Nice touch, having the Coke bear downstairs with whom you can take photos with! Downstairs is also most of the clothing and fashion accessories.Upstairs (up the escalator, actually) is the small dinette area where you can get the Coke sampler of some of their drinks from around the world. This is the coolest idea EVER! We didn't get the chance to try it out, so now we have something to look forward to the next time we visit Vegas. Also upstairs is the majority of household items (i.e., kitchen platters and plates and glasses, wall clocks, metal signs, etc). There's also another smaller cashier upstairs to alleviate the check-out lines downstairs. The cash downstairs is long and had a lot of employees staffing all the check-out cashiers. I liked how there's an electronic board at the front of the line to tell you which cash is open for you. It's very efficient. And all the employees we encountered in this store, on the two occasions we visited, were all helpful and nice. (I loved the big red Coke bags they bag your purchases in, so I asked for a few extra, and they smiled and said sure and gave me some! So nice!).
