3	I went here with family, and as Simon Cowell might say:"It was rather forgettable"There really was nothing special about my enchiladas... not a damn thing, i can go to my local, or your local, or even my grandmas local taqueria and get the same thing if not better for the price.The place sure does have a pretty courtyard though!
2	Free tortilla chips and salsa are the best part. The margaritas are about average and the enchilladas are ok. The price is right and the decor is good but I've had better.
1	Worst Mexican in the valley. It really is. ESPECIALLY for a joint that has such awesome location, building and name. SHAME! Stay away. There is not much else i can add except - I'd like my money back, please.
3	I agree that Abuelo's is about a notch below On the Border, which isn't saying much for the restaurant.  This place is good for groups.  I have to say that there is one thing on the menu that actually is good and cheap...the flatiron steak is actually tasty.....just a note:  this isn't a Mortons or Gibson's bone in ribeye...this is a flatiron steak...that's it.  The rest of the food is okay. Don't go if you're expecting good mexican.  Spend a night out in the Frontera with a local to get REAL Mexican food...thanks Miguel for that near death experience.
5	The service is quick and the atmosphere is excellent.  One of my favorite Mexican restaurants I've been to since moving to the Valley from San Diego.  The thing that struck me with the food was the high quality of ingredients.  Mi Abuelo's Manjar with the eggs over medium is a perfect dish that really comes together when the egg yolk gets in the mix.The prices are very reasonable and the courtyard in the center of the restaurant is stunning!  The first time I ate here, I was so impressed that I got a gift card for some friends to come and have some for themselves.  Give Abuelo's a try and you won't be disappointed.
1	When I walked in I was impressed, it's Beautiful, it's has this inside outside kinda feel with the courtyard setting. The menu was extensive and everything sounded delicious. I saw food that looked really good being served to other tables.Unfortunately the food was not as good as it looked and certainly not as good as the restaurants interior would have you believe.I got a taco and enchilada combo, the taco shell was a generic hard shell like those found at Taco Bell, the chicken inside ( I Kid you not) was the exact same chicken used at Taco Delmar  and the meaty enchilada sauce well, it must have been by  Hormel.Everything had a different kind of peppery tasting spice that did not work well competing against each other.It's like the Rainforest Cafe  of Mexican food.
3	I heart Abuelo's.  I'll just start by saying that I initially thought this was going to be an expensive restaurant so hadn't stepped into it until I went with co-workers.  I ordered (and still do) the kid's bean/cheese burrito - very inexpensive and yummy.  The thing I like is that the beans have a peppery taste to them so it's not bland.  The one thing that keeps me coming back is the chips and salsa.   It's not unusual for me and my lunch buddies to go through 2 bowls of chips and 2 bowls of salsa EACH before we even give our order to the waiter/waitress. I think they put something in it to make you crave it.  For the price and atmosphere - I can only comment on my kids menu choice ($6) and the lunch crowd (not too busy).
5	I just can't believe this restaurant is rated so poorly!  It is my FAVORITE and I consider myself picky.  I think they have great cocktails and chips and salsa.  I always order the same thing... chili relleno, 2 avocado enchiladas with cream sauce and papas.  Yum!  I could eat here once a week.
4	As a general rule, I steer clear of chain restaurants across from shopping malls, but I must admit, this place has got some seriously delicious seafood. I recommend the Pescado Guerrero - a wood-grilled tender mahi-mahi steak with fresh shrimp, scallops, mushrooms, spinach, roasted peppers and sliced avocado in a white wine sauce. Yes, I totally stole that description from their website, although I did remove the word 'delicious', since I'd already used it in the previous sentence. Thought it might sound a little too repetitive if I left it in, two deliciouses so close together. Not that this dish doesn't deserve 'em both, it's just that I'm not one to repeat things unnecessarily. Omit needless words, that's what Strunk & White would say. Sharp guys. Not big Yelpers, from what I understand, but still good advice nevertheless... Although, used correctly, repetition can be an excellent rhetorical strategy for producing emphasis, clarity, amplification, even emotional effect. I guess Joe Walsh was right, there are two side to every story.Oh, and I'd stay away from the Fundido del Mar appetizer. A little too much fondue and not enough shrimp & scallops.
1	What an disaster of a restaurant. This place is like a fancy version of Del Taco, all show on the exterior and even a flashy interior but then the food arrives. If you like generic faux-Mexican food which is prepared with no care or attention then go for it. Went once, hated it, will never be back.
2	Nothing too new to add to the reviews of Abuelos... beautiful restaurant with mediocre, watered-down Mexican food. On the positive side, at least they have several decent vegetarian options. On the negative side, all of those options are loaded with greasy cheese and have very little seasoning.The sangria tastes like fruit juice - ick.Yet another disappointing Mexican restaurant in Phoenix - then again, I should have known better. It is a huge, corporatized chain outside a shopping mall...
5	Even though this is not authentic mexican food it is still really good food. Friendly service, good food, full bar, the only bad thing is if you go there during a rush you could be looking at a 30-40 minute wait
4	Wow, I can't believe these negative reviews.  I went there last week for the first time and I have to say that I thought that it was wonderful.  Besides some service blunders I thoroughly enjoyed my experience.My mom never had Mexican food before (GASP!) except for the basic Taco and Taco Salads.  She ordered the enchildas as did I.  Their salsa was great.  I loved my green chile sauce that was on my enchiladas.  And I LOVED the Sangria.  I got a litre of Sangria for $9.95. Can't go wrong there.Of course it isn't considered "authentic" Mexican food.  Who cares!  It still tasted excellent.
2	Lots of glitz and glam, little to back it up.Food was meh... really expensive too.Margs were good but I can get the same for cheaper. My friend got sick from the food she ate... Not impressed... never went back. nuff said
5	Best enchiladas ever. The service is just great. Maybe too efficient. But I love the place. Really among the beat Mexican I've ever had.
4	This restaurant has good, solid mexican food with enough variety that everyone can find something they like. It may not be the most authentic place in the world, but it gives you great ambiance and a good "nearly fine dining" experience. I've been here a couple of times and gotten good service and tasty food every time.
2	Abuelo's doesn't make bad food.Abuelo's also doesn't make good Mexican food.If you're looking for toned down versions of Mexican fare with the occasional winner, then their menu may delight you. But it's also for the most part very forgettable. You'll walk away feeling satiated and maybe even like you got your money's worth, but there's no afterglow of delicious Mexican goodness.The glitz, the glam, and the consistently good service can't make up for the fact most of the food is just bland as hell. As someone else mentioned, it's not lack of quality ingredients; the produce is fresh, the cuts of meat are decent, and it's cooked well. There's just no flavor, much less any spice. Guy likened it to an upscale Del Taco--that's unfair to Del Taco; they at least have the balls to serve food with taste.What's more disappointing is they weren't nearly as bad several years ago when they opened. There was still better Mexican in the Valley, but I could leave Abuelo's without feeling like I ordered a Bland Platter.
1	I do not know why this is so highly rated.  My family and I dined here and none of the food was very good.  Mediocre at best.  I will not be back.
4	Abuelos is a solid 3.5 star place, that I'll kindly round up to 4 stars due to the consistency I've experienced with the food and service over the past few years. Abuelos is one of those chains, that if you didn't specifically tell me I probably wouldn't know it was a chain. They serve a little bit higher end Mexican food... kind of like if Garcia's had a wealthier older brother. The decor is really nice and inviting... complete with the vaulted and painted ceilings, which I'm always a sucker for (I know, I'm easy to please). The food isn't an A+... it's more like a solid B, but it's a consistent B. There are a couple of dishes that I get on a regular basis. One is the steak & enchiladas, and the other is called "Mis Abuelos Manjar". The steak here is suprisingly good for a Mexican place... actually it's one of the more reliable places to go get a good and affordable cut of meat. Mis Abuelos Manjar is basically a couple of enchiladas which are smothered in sauce then topped with two eggs; pretty tasty. Also, I gotta throw a shot out to the roasted salsa they serve; you have to specifically ask for it; it's served warm and it's oh so good. I've never left Abuelos and thought I'd had the best meal of my life, but every time I go, I leave full and glad I made the choice to go there. As a sidenote, if you go to this Chandler location, ask for Theresa... she's a fun waitress. 3.5/5.
2	They have the outside and inside of the restaurant decorated lavishly, but that's probably to make up for their less than mediocre food. I ordered a cheese quesadilla, and it left much to be desired. The chips were also nothing special. Nobody else in my party enjoyed their food either.
4	Very good food.  Nice ambiance.  AND they make a heckuva mojito!
4	Chain Mexican food...that is actually good!?!?! No Way!! But yes! This is one Chain you can't turn your nose up at! Whether it is for lunch or dinner, I am never let down with their food or service! Their lunch menu is affordable and good serving sizes, so you don't feel like you are breaking the bank.Dinner has so many choices, but I will only name the two I rotate between. I am a huge Chile Rellenos fan, I order them every where I go and I am particular about where to get the good ones. Abuelo's has excellent Chile Rellenos!The next dish that is probably the best one on the menu and they know it, is their LOS MEJORES DE LA CASA, which is 2 small perfectly cooked bacon wrapped beef tenderloin medallions and 2 shrimp with bacon, cheese and jalapenos, mmmmm so so so Good!!! Good along with all its synonyms in the thesaurus!!!If you haven't tried it yet, go! What are you waiting for!?!?!?
3	If I had to choose between Garcia's, Macayo's, La Parilla Suiza (here in Phoenix) and Abuelo's... I'd choose Abuelo's before all the other places. Why? Simply because for a chain establishment, the food offered is quite good, and the prices comparable. I tend to go for the seafood choices of Abuelo's I've had the Pescado Guerrero and the Enchiladas de Cozumel. Both entrees are good, the Pescado Guerrero is a mahi-mahi steak with fresh shrimp,scallops, mushrooms, spinach, roasted peppers and slicedavocado in a delicious white wine sauce. It's delicious, the mahi-mahi isn't fishy at all, and the accompaniment of the roasted peppers with the sliced avocado balances the dish. As for the Enchiladas de Cozumel, it is crepes filled with fresh guacamole, coveredin a rich white wine sauce with a medley of perfectly seasonedshrimp, scallops, mushrooms, fresh spinach and roasted peppers, the dish is similar to the Pescado Guerrero hence why I like both. Another plus for Abuelo's are its tortilla chips and salsa. The tortilla are so crisp that they're quite addictive, and the salsa is not overtly spicy, and has a thick consistency. Something that I do enjoy. So, if you have a hankering for some Mexican, I suggest you try Abuelo's if there's a location near you, it's worth it and I hope you enjoy it as much as I do!
2	Mediocre food and so so service. Would not return.
3	Been here a couple of times and both times I got a platter called Los Mejores de la Casa, the food was good although the sides did seem a bit bland, but I wouldn't really call this dish a Mexican dish, the chocolate flan was yummy, the restaurant is very nice looking inside and out...
5	I have been going to this place since it opened in 2001, For a chain the food is excellent. The service is always exceptiona,.especially if you get Margarita as your server. My out of town guests always request a return visit.
3	My cousin and his wife swear by this place but being the Yelper that I am I was a bit apprehensive about eating here so I had a small meal at home before joining them here for dinner. I ordered the layered dip and a carafe of Sangria. I personally feasted on chips, salsa and dip which were wonderful. My cuzzo and the wife ordered fajitas and a chicken chimi .They also consumed two pitchers of margaritas which is probably why they enjoyed the food so much. Any who,  I actually had a bite of the chimi and the fajitas and it was ok-nothing mouth watering or succulent here. It was average. All in all this a pretty cool environment for chips, salsa and a drink. Will I return? Absolutely, and I will have chips, salsa, a pitcher of margarita and a carafe of Sangria with the girls...
4	It's been far too long since I have been here which is sad because its probably one of my faves for chili rellenos. I always get the shredded beef rellenos with the cheese sauce and double papa's and it is lovely! Their chips are also nice and crispy and their salsa has a different roasted flavor to it which is really good. Unfortunately, the husband is not a fan because he says its not very authentic. Authentic or not, its awesome!!! The prices are good, portions huge, and the service had almost always been stellar. The only thing I would advise against though would be getting the taco's. The shells are literally the kind you would buy in a box at the store. Other than that, this place is great!
4	This restaurant serves really good mexican food at reasonable prices. The location and decor are great and make it look like a really expensive restaurant without the high prices. The service is almost always top-notch and prompt. My pick from the extensive menu would be the enchiladas.
5	This place is eye candy - beautifully decorated! Every fabric, every piece of furniture, every wall treatment...OTT. The employees are friendly and well dressed, and everything from the food down to the dinnerware and rolled silver seems thoughtfully selected/presented. (the plates are expecially colorful and v. pretty) I ordered the Tilapia with the mixed veggies - both delicious - and I'd order that again...IF there were any Abuelo's where I live (California). *sigh*
2	The experience would have been a lot more enjoyable if I wouldn't have had to get my own refill of water and eat chip crumbs. The chile rellenos and beef tacos are good though.
5	Best Mexican found around.    Love their scrimp chowder soup; great salsa and chips; their beef dishes are tops; have not had a meal that I did not like.    Servers are great.      Especially like Nina.     Vist at least once a month.
5	The salsa...can I ever say enough good things about the salsa?  I could eat it with a spoon but instead I much on their thin, crispy chips that compliment the salsa perfectly.  Their sangria is delicious and my hubby and I split a carafe every time we go there.  My only complaint is that you can't get the happy hour price if you are eating at the restaurant - which is just 5 feet away.We love their enchiladas and there is a fish dish (whose name escapes me right now) that is amazing.Service is always friendly and excellent.  By far, one of our favorite restaurants!
4	So the place is 80% empty late on a Sunday afternoon but the hostess feels that she has to seat everyone next to each other.  It's not about the wait staff... It's about the customers!
3	Never been a fan of the food here. Very mediocre. That being said, this is one of the nicest Mexican restaurants in terms of decor and ambience. On a good note... the salsas are very good and taste fresh.
4	Gringo mexican at its' finest. 85 bucks fed six people with leftovers. My mom and I got takeout (so we could eat at our hotel- we're bad tourists), and when our food came out, the bartender carried our food out (!!). I've never had anyone offert that in Seattle. Maybe if more restaurants offered to carry out super large orders like that, I would love them more (or I'm just eating @ the wrong places). I didn't know it was a chain. Pretty predictable in terms of what you get- beans, rice, cheese, sour cream- but it still tasted better than Seattle Mexican.
5	Such a wonderful place to eat!!!  Besides the decor being so fantastic,,,the food is great!!!!!  We have been twice now and both times, got the yummy dip-trio with has queso, quac with an avocado cream, and a sausage queso dip with fresh hot chips.  First time I tried the tortilla soup which was authentic and really tasty.  The next time, I tried my test for all Mexican restaurants,,,,chile rellenos.  The rellenos are some of the best I have ever tried and you can fill them with cheese or tender shredded beef.  The beef is outstanding and I did one of each but next time will probably do all beef it is so good.  Both times we have also had very friendly service. Definitely going to go back because I have to try their margarita ((another of my tests for Mexican restaurants))-I will let u know how good they are) and they have a tres leches cake that I am dying to try also!!!!!!!!
4	As far as chain mexican food, Abuelos has to be the best. I always get the same thing there, two enchiladas both with the con carne sauce and papas and rice. The con carne sauce is delicious. Also, their salsa is interesting and has a decent amount of spice to it. The papas are like mexican mashed potatoes and they are very tasty. In addition, all of the food is very fairly priced. I would choose Abuelos over one of those other overpriced bland mexican chains any day.
3	Wasn't impressed ,service was slow and food was pretty much flavorless. The building however is impressive.
4	I have been a fan of Abuelo's since I discovered it in Colorado in the late 1990's. Their food is consistently delicious for a chain type American restaurant. I was pleased to find this Chandler location and have come here at least a half a dozen times. The building, decor and dining experience is excellent. The service has always been superb and friendly. The salsa is good and I enjoy the enchiladas. You should come to this restaurant for those reasons. If you want truly "authentic" Mexican food then book a US Airways Flight to Puerto Vallarta or dine in a hole in the wall restaurant in South Phoenix but then B.Y.O.G (Bring Your Own Glock)
2	Not vegan/vegetarian friendly at all. The beans have bacon in them. The server was able to hook it up with some veggie fajitas, off the menu, but still not exactly the kind of thing I would really want to pay money for.Felt a bit sick after words, so my assumption is that either the food was tainted or that I accidentally ate some sort of animal protein that my body is not able to digest well.The only reason why I'm not giving Abuelo's is because my server was super helpful in finding me something to eat.
4	Reminds me of a place back in Chicago me and my wife would eat at. Looking forward to the happy hour there, as the deals looked pretty good, and the food was excellent. Really liked it.
4	There happy hour is pretty good. The tacos are cheap and they have some other rather affordable options. Sorry to say I don't remember the exact prices. Beers are also affordable and the happy hour food options are both satisfying and filling.The happy hour prices are only available in the bar and the seating is somewhat limited, so unless you're willing to wait for those seats or get there right when happy hour starts you might not want to try it.Service is prompt and helpful and I have been pretty satisfied every time we've been.
1	First off, i've never met a person, let alone hostess, so depressing, rude, and not helping.  We politely said hello and asked for a booth, she looked at us like we were from Mars, and didn't say a word.  Whispered something to another girl, who sat us, without a word.The only reason this restaurant is getting 1 star, is because of the delicious cheesecake dessert and cup of coffee, awesome! Also, the ambiance is fantastic, fabulous idea with the cloud ceiling.Our server, Brittany, was rude, impatient, short, and the least bit helpful.  The only reason I know her name is because I heard her greet another table next to ours.  She didn't check on us more than once, the very polite busser lady took better care of us!  The food was NOT traditional, completely chainy, heavy, and full of oil.  I guess i'm just spoiled with good Mexican food from where I live...The salsa tasted, (and looked), like tomato paste.  The chips were light and delicious though.  Basically, there is a reason the other Abuelo's have closed.
2	Waitress wise:nice, attentive, good. Food wise: 2 people from a group of 6, liked their meal. Chips greasy and thin. salsa thin and watery. Reynosasalad appeared w/lettuce and seasoned ground beef. That's it??? Had to say: "where is the rest of my salad? Missing 5 ingredients... Brought out the rest of it... but, come on... it sucked. Enchiladas (steak) were good,cheese con queso is the best thing on the menu...Drink wise: Get the seasonal Samuel Adams, not a great beer selection..Nice clean restaurant..just needs to get better food..
2	Soooo I was checking out my Yelp profile and decided to up my ante with another review... this time, not so great.  I was starving (what else is new?) on a Friday night so I dragged my boyfriend out for some Mexican fare.  Let's start at the door: the hostess didn't look too excited to greet or seat us.  Our server took our drink order, we received our trusty chips and salsa, and got to work.  The menu was pretty standard for an "upscale" Mexican restaurant, seafood selection and all.  After the server described "The Monterrey" plate as one you could fit a turkey on, I was convinced.  This hefty entree consists of four different types of enchiladas, a chile cheese relleno, chicken taco, and guac... how could we possibly go wrong?The plate arrived ginormous, as promised; I just wasn't particularly impressed by any of it.  As much as I love food, I am a quality over quantity kind of girl, and this entree was not cuttin' it.  I honestly can't point out anything in particular that I did not like about the plate, it just wasn't memorable, finger lickin' good, or (please insert cliche here).  When dessert was offered, we politely declined.  Our waiter dropped the check fleetingly and muttered a "Thank You" or something of that sort as he zipped past our table.  I do give the place props on decor, as the paintings, statues, and lighting throughout the restaurant are impressive and reminiscent of the culture of Mexico.
4	If you have not experienced Abuelo's I highly recommend you give it a try.    In my opinion the food is excellent.     The shrimp chowder is to die for.    Their prime rib on Thursday's is the best.     Their traditional mexican food is good.     I  tend to like all their other  fish, beef & pork menu items.      You cannot go wrong by trying this establishment.
3	mid-afternoon is definitely different than dinner. still tasted good.we usually get the layered dip, it's totally messy and not as good as i think it should be, but i like it anyhow.i get the durango burro and matt gets some combo monstrosity.service is...meh, average. queso is tasty.
4	I'm a big fan.  Have been for years.  Just the IDEA of going to Abuelos can brighten my mood.  I usually order the enchiladas - various kinds, love them all.A few reviewers have mentioned the service as subpar, but that hasn't ever been my experience at all - it's always been quite good, regardless of the server.
3	This place as just ok... I expected far too much from this place.  Guacomole should NEVER contain mostly sour cream... such an easy thing to make.  Calling it a dip does not excuse this!
5	Very good one of my favorite Mexican places, you can't go wrong here. Prices reasonable. Even if it's not on the menu they do their best to get it for you. Never had a problem here.
5	I have recently fallen in love with their spinach enchiladas with queso sauce. Seriously, the best spinach enchilada I have ever had. Because of this, I have determined I like Abuelos even more and upped their score to 5 stars. Also, I have never had bad service here and the atmosphere is beautiful.
1	Took a guest to Abuelo's for dinner. I was very embarrassed. First off, the atmosphere was nice. Very unique! Our service was great but there was not a lot of people there. The chips were good but the salsa tasted like they squirted Macayo's taco sauce into a bowl and called it fresh!( My guest came up with this comparison!)  My guest had a steak fajita chimi plate that came with rice and beans. The presentation was gorgeous! The cheese sauce on top tasted like the canned Nacho cheese sauce you might get at a state fair. In fact...my guest said that was all he could taste! The refried beans were very bland. No lard for sure! The rice resembled a Chinese fried rice which was just weird!  He hated it so much that he didn't eat much. I had the steak Fajita's which were supposed to be marinated.(NOT)! It was over cooked(some spots were even burnt and crunchy) fatty cheap steak. My guess, Flank or Skirt steak! The veggies under it were not Mexican! They consisted of broccoli, zucchini, yellow squash, a few peppers and a lot of onions. It was served with a bowl of pinto beans. They were soupy and tasted like liquid smoke! I didn't eat much of my dinner either! I have traveled many places and dined in many exquisite establishments. This in no way resembled Mexican or Spanish cuisine in any way.  Just gross and VERY over priced!http://spoonfulpersuasion.blogspot.com/
4	I went with my family to celebrate father's day. I will start with the positives. delicious food, great decor, friendly servers, tasty drinks, quick service, yadda yadda yadda.My only complaint would be the hostesses. They were both polite enough with the "Welcome to abuelos" "thanks for coming" but paired with the least enthusiastic manner. They lacked personality. The girls both looked like they were not thrilled to be there. If the hostesses made me feel like they were glad to have me then I would've given the restaurant five stars! I would recommend eating here. Hostesses will not ruin your meal.
1	Chips were good but crushed to little bits. Shrimp cocktail was terrible. Cilantro rice pretty good.
4	I recently went to Abuelos with my wife for a date night before hitting the movies across the street. We were seated promptly. I enjoyed my 4 enchilada plate. I've never had an avocado enchilada before.  I mixed up the other enchiladas with pork and beef with various sauces on top. The beans and rice were good and reminded me of what I'm used to in certain place ins California. My wife had steak/shrimp fajitas. She enjoyed her meal. The only complain was the small amount of cheese, sour cream, etc that comes with the plate.  The steak was juice and tender and the shrimp was cooked nicely.Our food came out quickly, as we ordered and hot.The server was attentive.to our need, refills and also returned the check in a timely manner Was this the best mexican fare I've had, no, but I definitely think the food is above average.The inside wasn't what I normally think of at a Mexican place. Had a nice ambiance and atmosphere that I've grown accustomed to at most mexican places I've gone to throughout the US.Overall, I was happy with the meal and experience and will be back again.
4	This is a go-to place for me and my family when I'm in town. The primary reason? Well, the really good quality food, of course. But more than that, this is a place that has quality food for all types of people. My mother is someone who very rarely eats Mexican food because the spice (and really ANY spice at all) is too much for her. I, on the other hand, like things fairly spicy. Others prefer to be sweating heavily into their dishes...so understandably, the wide variety of preference can be hard to cater to. This place has it all, and did I say quality? Quality food here. Just quality......And quantity! Pretty big dishes. Others have complained about the severs but I've never had a problem. Drinks stay full, people are nice and are not hovering over your table constantly. Ive never been spoken to rudely or any of that nonsense, just kind of typical average dinner-going experiences all around.The decor and atmosphere are quite nice. You really get the feeling you're in some fancy casita owned by some drug lord somewhere in Mexico. Was that racist? Whatever. Its inviting, its a little flashy, it gives your eyes somewhere to wander if your date is boring as sin.They have their own unique spin on things for a restaurant of this type: ie offering potatoes as an option to rice & beans, monstrous combo plates, etc. I like that because it makes it an experience you're really not going to find elsewhere too easily. Keeps me coming back.Overall, I highly recommend this place. Yeah its gringo mex fare, but its pretty delicious anyway. Great place to have a beer or five with your meal, and I think you'll be coming back often as well.
5	Best place for Mexican in AZ.  I am curious--people who give this a bad rating--what place do you find better for Mexican?  Macayos???  Carolinas?  Both are disgusting compared to Abuelos.  would love to know what places these people find to be good--odds are they are horrible places.Get the grande.  It is the best Mexican dinner in Arizona.  but be hungry!
5	Yum! After reading several reviews about other Mexican restaurants in the area, I decided to take my friends to Abuelos and I'm so glad I did! We started off with the Dip Sampler which was yummy & hot! The chips were endless and the waitress happily accommodated our requests for a spicier salsa. My friends ordered the Avocado enchiladas and the beef enchiladas with a crunchy chicken taco on the side. Both couldn't stop raving about the fresh ingredients and authentic taste. I ordered the Shrimp Yucatan Fajitas. They came out sizzling and were delicious! The waitress was so friendly and helpful, the layout of the restaurant was authentic and kind of gave us a feel of the Venetian in Vegas with the high domed ceiling. I will definitely go back to Abuelos!
5	Love this place. it's a must when people come visit from out of town. the food is great, and the prices aren't bad.  The staff is hit or miss.  never seen a manager going around before... but if you want to be left alone and EAT.. then your good. nice and clean place. patio is nice if you don't get some family with brats next to you while your on a date night but that's not the resaurant's fault it was that bad mom's. :)
4	Went there for my neices graduation last week. There were twelve of us and everyone had something different. The chicken fajitas were great and I heard no complaints from anyone. The sangria and margaritas went down pretty easy as well.
4	I have never, ever had a bad experience here....the food is fabulous (I'm partial to the Avocado Enchiladas) and the margaitas are the best.  I've never had anything less than excellent service.  I wish they were closer to me!!!
3	So when my old professor suggested we meet here I was astonished at the grandiosity of the place, not unlike a colonial governor's palace on the Mexican Riviera: "Damn, he said a Mexican restaurant, pero este es un pinche EMBAJADA de la comida mexicana!"First off, this is highly gringified Mexican food, mellowed out for the more sensitive gringo palates of suburban Chandler (right up professor's alley, as he's from Indiana). If you want the real thing, go to Guadalupe, or better yet, South Tucson. That said, the food wasn't bad at all, in fact, it was quite good. Frozen margaritas packed a punch, and the place is quite charming, with lots of hanging potted plants and colorful murals. Service was prompt and polite. Whether its totally worthy of being a self-proclaimed embassy of cuisine is in doubt, but Abuelo's is definitely reasonable, given the price.
5	Great Mexican food restaurant, the portions are huge, so if your on a budget it is easy to split. If I want sit down Mexican this is my first choice by far. Prices are decent, very clean, and people are friendly.
3	It is as if Paula Deen and her band of merry sons commandeered the kitchen of this place.  I'm not saying it isn't pretty tasty.  How could it not be when all of the standard Mexican recipes have been adulterated with copious amounts of butter, cream, and over fatty additives.  I'd love to see what the calorie count is on these dishes because I'd wager that the vast majority are in 4 digit country.
3	Came here on a Saturday night. We waited about 20 minutes. Seated promptly and served great tortilla chips with equally good salsa. Didn't get our place settings until after our food came out, but the server was wet courteous.
5	Ok...I know we live in Arizona...and have alot of great authentic Mexican restaurants around...that being said....I frequent Abuelos about once every two weeks....be it with co workers or with my wife. I give this place 5 stars.....I know it's a chain but I think the food is tasty...the ambience is really very nice too. Relatively speaking its cheap too. I think their chips and salsa are pretty good. I usually judge Mexican restaurants based on their chili rellenos they have two kinds one filled with cheese and the other shredded beef...both are delicious. They have the standard rice and beans that most Mexican restaurants serve with everything...but they have an option called "papas con chili" ...imagine a cheesy mashed potato casserole...I don't think Mexican when I request it with the rice because I'm not a big fan of beans....but I still think it tastes good.I recommend this place if your looking for a good bite! I've probably been here a total of 15 times or so...and have never had a poor experience.
4	Ok, this is going to be a little hard for me to review......First, since I appreciate people who help me find places I can eat at that have many dairy free options, and I like to do the same for them, I'm telling you (the anit-moo juice crowd) now, this is NOT one of those places. Pretty much everything on the menu has cream or cheese as an integral part of the dish. Even the tortillas are warmed on skillets covered in butter. So, if you are like me, I would skip this place.However, if you are like the majority of the population who enjoy dairy products spread all over your food, you will love this place! It's not really Mexican food as much as it is Tex-Mex. Lot's of enchiladas and tacos and burritos. The portions are HUGE...you definitely get a lot of bang for your buck! Everyone at our table (we were a table of 20) was very happy with their meals....The chips and salsa were really good too!! (I usually judge a restaurant such as this by their chips and salsa...) I ended up having a salad with cheese and whatnot removed, and salsa for dressing, as most of the dressings also had dairy in them......Service was SUPERB! As I mentioned, we had 20 people at our table.....we were seated in less than ten minutes, our water and chips were never dry......and we only had one waiter!! He did SO well! He knew the menu very well too, and was able to help me find something I could eat. So, 4 stars for service and everyone being happy, and one star docked for there not being more allergen friendly dishes......
4	I have visited Abuelo's many time at different locations and the service is always good no matter which location. One of my favorite dishes is the chicken and zucchini in a cream sauce. The sauce is is well balanced and very tasteful . The portions are big but they have a Senior menu and a lunch menu with same choices and smaller portions.I would not say this is the most authentic mexican food but is probably one of my favorite mexican restaurants in the area and I like it because it offers a variety of dishes besides the traditional tex-mex ones.
4	Awesome food!! I thought everything was really good here.. Chips and salsa were great too and service was very good.
4	I love their pitcher of margaritas!
3	After all of the hype this places seems to have I must say that I didn't really see what all the rave was about. Pro's:Quick ServiceUnique AtmosphereGreat Chips & SalsaCon's:Dishes are to big, and quality is lacking.Servers are not a knowledgeable as they should beWill we go back? Maybe..........
4	I'm a person for whom bad service can "break" any meal.  In the service category Abuelo's did not disappoint.  On our weekday lunchtime visit we were seated quickly,  our chips and salsa arrived within two minutes, and our server appeared just a moment behind.  Initially my daughter declined appetizers so we could actually eat our lunch, but I couldn't resist - ordering Spring Rolls from the tapas section and a Shrimp Cocktail from the "regular" appetizer list.  The Spring Rolls were "eh," (and I wouldn't order them again) but the Shrimp Cocktail was amazing and actually the most tasteful item of those ordered.  It consisted of at least a dozen shrimp, and was served in a huge margarita glass with pita chips on the side.  It was definitely a sharable amount for four people, but the two of us ate it all and were then too full for our "real" lunch.  Within 5 minutes of presenting our volcano hot entrees, our server returned asking if we'd like a box for leftovers.  Two full plates came home.  Reheated Mexican food is never good but we made an attempt for dinner...yuck.  Although this is hard to admit, next time I'll do as my daughter says and just order lunch sans appetizers (Daughter = 1 / Mom = 0).  The food looked good, and on our next visit, we'll eat it.
3	We've been here twice.  The first time I thought it was great.  Chips and salsa were really good.  Waiter asked us if we liked a hotter salsa and brought some out.  Margaritas were good too.  I had the Enchiladas de Cozumel.  Crepes filled with guacamole and topped with a white wine sauce and shrimp, scallops, spinach and roasted red peppers.  OMG....it was so yummy.  Ridiculously fattening and bad for you, but yummy!  Second time we sat on the patio, which is kind of depressing, and we were the only people out there.  The dish I ordered was not great either.So, one great experience, one average.  I'm sure we'll go back though.
4	We've been here a number of times.  The service is always consistent, the chips and salsa are always fresh, and the food is great.  Last time I was there I got the fajitas - and I subbed the green peppers for jalapenos - and I was pleasantly surprised to find they were fresh rather than jarred.  Very tasty, the only thing that keeps us from going more often is the long wait on weekends.
3	The food here is just ok. I have eaten at Abuelo's a handful of times over the years and the only meal that really stands out in my memory is the shrimp Veracruzano. I think their version of that dish is pretty good. Most of their plates fit the Phoenix Mexican restaurant MO: rice and refried beans with an entree that is fried and/or covered in cheese and chilli sauce.The decor at Abuelo's for some reason reminds me of a Vegas casino. A little over the top. Kind of cheesey but still fun and nice it its own way. Service has always been good. If I remember right they have a decent bar, too.This is not on my regular rotation but I am willing to go here if someone else invites me.  For more authentic Mexican you can try Espo's down the street but you will not get the same level of service or ambiance.
1	What a disappointment.....hostess at front seemed to be in a bad mood and didn't even smile. Server was great. I tried one of the featured margaritas on menu and it was terrible, it did not even resemble the picture. My girlfriend ordered the shredded beef tacos, I could not even look at her plate because it reminded me of canned dog food. She said it tasted like beef stew in a tortilla...and the "papas" that came with it were we think mashed potatoes with cheese on top. I ordered a enchilada and a relleno...sauce tasted like taco bell and the relleno was a was bland even covered with salsa and stuffed with processed cheese product...it was a waste of $50!
2	Chips are thin. Food is expensive and not much. Asked for no tomato, onions, mushrooms- got tomato and peppers( not listed on menu) won't return. Husband complained of not many fixings. On to another restaurant
4	I've eaten here many times with my family and the food and service has always been great. It's not receiving my restaurant coveted fifth star because I find the food selection to be on the small side. Also, the desert menu has only two deserts on it and if your not a fan of traditional Mexican desserts your out of luck. I usually order 'The Laredo' which is an enchilada dish with beans and rice it's delicious and while it is a sizable portion it's not overwhelming. The atmosphere here is lovely you aren't talking over anyone and the booths are a bit taller so you have some privacy which is a big plus for me. I hate constantly locking eyes with the person in the next booth when I'm having a conversation or chowing down! Give this place a try, I'm pretty confident you won't be disappointed.
4	OK, We finally tried Abuelo's and sat in the restaurant area. Service was excellent, prompt and chips n salsa was better than most places.. Got the Mexican Shrimp cocktail to start... AWESOME , better than my homemade version which is often requested at pot lucks n bbq's... next was the chili relleno's also very very good. Wife had tamales or enchiladas ,,, very good, so good, we wont be going to Macayo's anymore..Next trip, we just wanted an appetizer, so we sat at the bar. little busy, but wow ,, the happy hour large glass of Kiltlifter $3.50 ... 3 n 4 dollar appetizers ..nuff said,, ,,, We are going about 2 times a week now, which is a lot for us.. !! best day is Thursday for the Prime Rib..... best prime rib i have ever had so far.... puts any other steak house down when it comes to prime rib... !!See you there Thursday... We'll be at the bar ordering our couple glasses Draft Beer and the Prime Rib !!
1	Someone said they had great Mexican food.  I ordered a chili relleno it came with beans and rice.  Nothing special about it at all.  The cheese was weird.  Usually its a white cheese and this was a sharp cheddar just didnt go well together and tasted odd.  The rice was tasteless like they didnt use spices.  It wasnt even worth eating.  Same went for the beans just bland and yuck.  I didnt feel like telling them but the waitress was really nice and she could tell that I didnt like it and she persisted so I let her know yuck.  She took it off bill which was nice but we wont ever be back again.  This experience happened a few months ago I just forgot to post the review.
5	This is my GO TO place.I really like the Enchilada plate - so many choices and they are all delicious. My two favorite are the cheese and the avocado!Nom nom nom. Actually writing this review makes me want to go there right this minute!
5	I LOVED this restaurant - I was looking for some great Mexican before heading back East and I was so happy I chose Abuelo's!  I sat at the bar and Spike was awesome and very helpful in making recommendations.  I was there before Happy Hour ended and had a large beer and guac that was fabulous.  Then the chips are scrumptious with the three salsas....loved the chipotle fire roasted tomato - perfect kick of heat! Then the fajitas were so good I didn't want to stop eating!  The bacon wrapped shrimp and pineapple pork was amazing.  I was a happy girl at the end of the evening!!!! Upon my return to Chandler I will definitely be back!!!! YUM!!!
1	I don't like leaving bad reviews, but this place is getting one. I'd see this place along Chandler Blvd, I was told by a coworker it was her "favorite place to go - best Mexican she ever had". She may have been an idiot and I may have had high expectations, but I expected SOMETHING edible. The chips & salsa were mediocre at  best, probably not even that. Beer was ok I guess - got a pitcher. But the food was horrendous. The tasteless things we got were just a joke - NOTHING seemed to have much flavor or quality. Our server was relatively hapless.. I'd NEVER go back. Even Arriba further down Chandler Blvd is much better than this. Skip it.
5	I love this place! Most people either love or hate this place but I have been coming to their establishments in 3 different states for about 15 years. Their food is amazing, and more times that not the service is fine. I have had instances where I have to remind a server to be more attentive and have only had to send food back once or twice. I highly recommend their pork tenderloin- be careful, its spicy. Their papas are rich and wonderful, and their fajitas are pretty decent. I do not care for their seafood, but I do enjoy their poblano stuffed chicken breasts. Their shredded beef enchiladas are wonderful. I do notice reviews where people simply do not like Abuelo's food- and that's ok, to each his own, it is CERTAINLY a different taste that 99% of well established chains and  mom-and-pop restaurants nationwide. I, personally base all mexican food off of this restaurant, and nothing else really measures up. This restaurant is in a league of its own. I hope you have a good experience with quality-- PLEASE tell a manager if you dont- these chains really want to give you a wonderful experience, but they cant get better unless you tell them of downfalls. Most often when I have complained and explained my loyalty over the years and what I have come to expect, I will usually be given a new order or a free meal.
5	We were in Chandler just for the day and checked yelp for a good place to have Mexican food and saw the review on Abuelo's and chose it.  It was great! We would go there again next time in town, highly recommend it , good service, good food, good price.
4	Always a family favorite.  Although it is a 'chain', the food is always great.  I tried something new tonight [Pork Tenderloin] and was very happy I did!  It was fantastic.  The staff is always great and we have neve had anythign but a great dining experience there.
2	Great place for mexican food if your white and never had homemade. Just like Seranos or any other chain, plus its more expensive.
4	Have not been here in quite awhile.  Mistake, When in Phoenix we are always trying out new places to keep up with my "Yelp" searches.   So unfortunately, being this is a chain restaurant which I do not ascribe to,  I put Abuelo's on the back burner.  Starting  with the chips and salsa was a real treat.  The chips are very thin, crispy and no grease.  Less calories.  Gotta start somewhere with calorie counting when it comes to Mexican food.  The salsas were awesome.  The green one is the best I ever had.  I could just munch on chips and the green salsa and forget the food.  I asked the server what it comprised of.  To my surprise, it was mixed with fresh pineapple and cilantro. We all ordered an assortment of the usual Mexican fare, enchilladas, chille rellanos, The rice was very tasty as well as mashed potatoes Mexican style which was awesome.  It is called Papas.  Huge portions.  The restaurant itself is a nice setting,  like you are sitting in an outdoor plaza.  I do wish they would come to the Tucson area.
3	Ok I can eat here and be full but nothing to write home about......
1	While visiting the area from Cali, my friend was told about this place by some women who work at Nordies. So, we decided to try it out as we were both hungry for Mexican food. Ate here on a Friday night, waited about 10 minutes to be seated and had ordered off the gluten free menu shortly after. I choose the three ground beef tacos on soft corn torts. Most gluten free torts aren't soft, so I questioned that before ordering. Also, I wanted to substitute the meat for carne asada as I am not a fan of ground beef but the waiter said that they put MSG in their carne asada. Yuck, I thought and decided to stick with ground beef. They were okay, nothing special. They do have yummy green mild salsa though, which was better than my entire dinner. Service was great. I haven't heard that a Mexican restaurant uses MSG in their food before though. My friend order their chicken and steak fajitas, she said it was okay. I wondered though if her meat had MSG too. Eek!!
4	Been almost a year now and have had great experiences and have a few friends that stop by regularly. Appetizers have been consistent the entire time. Prime Rib has been consistently good. Drinks have always been cold. Service for us is always great, we almost always sit at the bar n the ENTIRE staff are great.1st Time here i would suggest.Happy Hour Margaritas or Kiltlifter LARGEAlambre CamaronesPork CarnitasMexican Shrimp Cocktail (The Acapulco is also very good)Enjoy and say hi if u see me n the wife there. !!
4	My husband and I went to Abuelo's for dinner on a Saturday night.  The wait was not too long.  Unfortunately, we were seated at a partially cleaned table and had a server that was quite oblivious to our presence.  We spoke with the manager, JR, and he was very professional and customer oriented.  He apologized for our experience and made it right.  I was very impressed with his reaction to the complaint & will definitely go back to Abuelo's knowing that their leadership cares about their guests' experiences.
5	Incredible food - never disappointed. Drinks are pricy - and service was pushy about ordering more drinks - but the food is well worth every penny
2	Ate there with the wife last night. Everything tasted to us like it was straight out of a can and came to the table cold. Server was nice, but the everything home made speech is a crock. Just because it was put in a pot, then from a pot to a plate does not mean it should be called homemade or hand made.
3	Went with a party of five and had extremely slow kitchen service.  Apparently they were recovering from a very busy rush, but it still took us well over 45 minutes to get our food after ordering.   By the time the food arrived we'd gone through six buckets of chips and salsa.   The server did bring us some guacamole for our trouble and she was very pleasant, but that didn't make up for the slow kitchen.   We finally got our food and one of our guests had fish tacos and the flour tortillas were literally stuck to the plate and couldn't even be scraped off with a fork or knife.   Apparently they'd been sitting in the window for 20 minutes attaching themselves to the plate under heat lamps.   The server was very apologetic and brought us some fresh fish tacos and even took off 30% of our bill for all the time we had to wait, but I can't give four stars to a Mexican joint that can't pop off a dinner for a table in over 30 minutes.  It's Mexican food.  Just scoop the meat into the shell and ladle on some sauce and send it out!
5	One of my favorite restaurants. Chips & salsa are amazing. We always order some  to go too. Chicken zucchini is very tasty. Great service, large portions and reasonable prices. Highly recommend it.
4	I live down the street from this location so my fiance and I have been here several times now. The food has always been good and the service is usually pretty good, the only time we have had and issue is when it has been extremely busy. The large size draught beer (I get kilt lifter) is almost as big as my head for only $5.86 which is pretty darn good. I have gotten the cheese enchiladas with Colorado red sauce the last couple of times and they have been great. The durango shredded beef burrito is also amazing and it's topped with queso sauce which is melt in your mouth. The margarita's are so so and pretty pricey so if you had to choose between beer and a margarita here I would choose beer. Overall good Mexican food at a reasonable price. I will be back.
5	The Monetary is amazing we love the spinach enchilada
4	I love their super thin chips and the salsa is great. The food is good for a chain and the service is terrific.I love their guacamole cream and their flan and Tres Leche is to die for!
5	Okay this review is long overdue. This is my favorite restaurant of all time. I can't believe that I just found out about Abuelo's in November 2012. But I can tell you that I go there on a weekly basis to get my avocado enchiladas, papas and beans. Plus the chips and salsa are to die for. If you like hot ask the waiter or waitress to bring you the inferno sauce, it is the best but only available upon request. I have tried many other items on the menu and they are all awesome. My husband's favorite is the stuffed chicken medallions but he is always trying new specials and they never disappoint. If you have not tried Abuelo's you are missing out on some incredible food.
2	I've eaten here a few times now. Before I was celiac and after. Prior it was good.  But if you are coming for gluten free food , go elsewhere.
3	I have been going here since they opened in Chandler.  I used to love this restaurant specifically for their grilled chicken salad.  Over the years this particular salad has gone downhill.  I even asked the manager if they changed the recipe and he said no. It used to be filled with wonderful ingredients and now it looks like they opened a bag of pre-cut lettuce and dumped it on a plate with hardly any other veggies.  I also enjoyed the salsa they used to serve a while ago.  Now they have 3 different salsas brought out and none of them match the quality of the original salsa.
5	This is the best Mexican restaurant chain in AZ. They always have provided good quality food, proportions and prices. My favorite thing to order there is the Grande Plate Three enchiladas, one beef, one cheese, and one sour cream chicken, chile relleno, tamale, crispy beef taco, and guacamole and beans/papas. Get the "papas" versus the beans they are crudely mashed with spices and skins. They also have great drinks and the margaritas are pretty good. The atmosphere feels like upscale dining with great architecture, art, music and professional wait staff.
2	Abuelos has been there for a long time but for some reason I have never been there. So I decided to try it. Walking in, I was very impressed with the decor - looked like the Cheesecake Factory - or maybe a casino. Sat at the bar and started with a margarita. It was ok. Tasted a little watered down. I had 2 of them - which usually does the trick for me - these must have been really light on tequila because I did not feel the alcohol. They brought chips and 3 salsas. The salsas tasted out of the can - and chips were out of a bag- not much taste. I had a combo with enchilada, tamale, taco, rice and beams. The taco beef tasted like Taco Bell but it did have nice lettuce and tomato - the shell was crisp. Tamale tasted like out of a can although it was sitting on a husk. Avocado enchilada was smothered in a white cheese- the advocado was out of a can - smooth texture with no flavor. The rice and beans were tasty.  I kept waiting for something to kick in after I finished my 2nd drink - it felt like I had 3/4 of a real drink since they were so watered down. My bill was $31. - after tip I walked out spending $36 for a below average meal. Abuelos probably stays in business from sun lakes residents and people in from out of town that think this is the authentic southwest Mexican food.  Go down to Rositas on Dobson/Guadalupe - not much on decor - but the food, chips/salsa, and drinks blow this place away.  Mexican food should have some flavor - Abuelo's is overall very bland.
4	This place is huge and nice....seemingly fancy but not at all. I had a beergarita to start, YUM! Nice and big. They also serve chips and salsa to start so that was cool too.I had the chicken and enchilada plate with rice and the cheesey potatoes. This food is pretty Americanized which is fine by me since I am not a huge fan of this fare normally. The enchilada was so so in my mind but the taco was really good. I had the ground beef taco. The rice was typical rice but good and the cheesey potatoes were amazing (how cnayou go wrong with cheese and potatoes creamed to a nice puree?!)Boyfriend got a HUGE platter of tacos and enchiladas and rice and beans and potatoes. I MEAN HUGE! It all tasted good and he's a huge critic since this is his favorite kind of food. He admitted his was Americanized as well but you can't complain if something tastes good right?His mom was with us and she got the tilapia dish. It looked really healthy and smelled really good. Fresh veggie mix as the side with some rice and shrimp on top of the fish.Overall I think this place was good. We had a gift card here so that was our excuse for going there. I don't know if we would ever go again since we don't live in the area but I am not ruling it out.
5	Great service, great meal.  Medalions cooked to perfection, very good margaritas, the Flan was worth writing home about.  It could  be called Crema Catalan.  Excellent.
4	This place is great and reasonably priced.  When I have a craving for Mexican food, the husband and I usually come here.  We stopped here for dinner last week and it was awesome, albeit a little loud.  The hubby had the chimichange and I had the stacked enchiladas.  Both were great and we had some leftovers for lunch the next day.  YAY!
4	This was really good! I have passed by here a 100 times and never been in. I was missing out! I love the cheesy decor that others have talked about in their reviews. I like it, gives it some charm and family feel for a chain. Almost feels like you are outdoors. Lets start with the Sangria. Mmmmm. That was some good stuff! The chips come out with three differnt salsa's. I loved 2 of the 3 and there was nothing wrong with the 3rd, just not my cup of tea. I had a shredded beef burrito smothered in cheese with guacamole. It was really good. Very flavorful and I would get it again in a second. The rice and beans were very good as well but next time I want to try the potatoes with chili. I had a bite of someone elses plate and they were fantastic, I was very jealous! Server was very friendly, fast, and kept our water filled and checked on us. Prices were reasonable and they have an email club that you get buy one get one free for your birthday. I will be back to try more menu items soon.
5	Really like this place. Good food, decent prices. At lunch time I always ask to be seated in Nina's section. She has to be one of the nicest waitresses ever!
4	Dinner with friends was tasty and made for an enjoyable evening. We all ordered off the "over 60" menu (are we really that old?) and it was a good deal & good food. Margaritas were excellent. Ate here a couple of months ago with a larger group and enjoyed that evening. All staff have always been friendly and efficient.
5	Food was excellent! I had their Ti Risto Enchilada's and they had a great kick and flavor to them. Look forward to having them again.
5	Service was pretty good. But the food!My whole life I've hated, or avoided rather, Mexican food. Long story short, I was dragged here. I'm so glad! I decided to be brave and was pleasantly surprised. The flavor was amazing. Atmosphere was very nice too.
4	This was delicious. I got the vegetarian enchiladas and tacos. It came with a side of fresh smashed potatoes (never had this as a Mexican place but i was craving it).The water was delicious and fresh, the decor of the restaurant was phenomenal, and the service was good (not over the top, but nothing to complain about).Prices were very reasonable. I would visit again and take friends.
3	My wife and mother in law really like this place. Me, not so much but I am not one to jump in the car because I am craving Mexican food. The food on this recent visit was tasty but the service was at best confusing. We were taken care of by 4 different people, our server who took the order and brought drinks (started out can I get you something to drink?, which sort of makes me crazy, offer me something specific or tell me your favorite), another that brought our food and I love this, this means they care about getting food out while still hot, so thank you! In the end we were brought our check by another server and when I handed back the bill to him it took a little while to finally get it back...from yet another server. I understand team work but usually it comes along with a little communication. Where did our first server go? No mention if he went on break or dropped into an abyss. I have never seen a manager in this restaurant, at least that I can remember. I happen to like when the manager stops by and says hi and asks how the staff is doing on our visit. I am sure I will be back because the ladies of the house are fans and I wont have to go kicking and screaming because food is usually good, I just will not expect to be "wow"ed by the staff.
5	Been coming here for a couple of years. The stuffed chile rellenos and papas are awesome. We totally dig the happy hour as well. Dos XX amber on draft, chilled mugs, good eats---until 7:00!
3	I would have to say its was mediocre.  Not bad but pretty typical Main stream mexican food. I would still recommend you give it a try. I did enjoy the Potatoes and a nice Cerveza Rita.
3	Abuelo's used to have a dish called Camerones Costa Brava- it was to die for! But sadly they took it off the menu. Too bad- I have been back one time after it was taken off- and I asked to have it made special for me and they did! But I have not been back since that time. I wish they would bring it back.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants, hands down.Last night's dinner was the "make your own enchilada combo" option. Their enchiladas are always a winner with me. The chips are the best I've had at any Mexican restaurant, and they offer a sweet, hot, and mild dipping sauce for them. Topping off the meal were the dessert nachos. This is a plate of eight nachos with chocolate and caramel drizzle with a mini scoop of ice cream on each chip. That is the way to end a dinner on a high note.Service and ambiance are exceptional every time.
4	They named it Abuelos for a reason! Authentic mexican good straight out of your grandparents kitchen. It was wonderful, but the portions are HUGE. Share with your significant other, friend, random person sitting next to you or even that mariachi boy over there singing his heart away. Love the decor also.   Estaba buenismo! Gracias por la comida, Abuelos!
4	Pleasantly surprised.  My wife and I received a few gift cards for this place...as we had never heard of it.  We didn't expect such a great experience.  I had combination fajitas which were great...I wish they would had more of a marinated sauce for the fajitas though...but they were excellent...plus and endless supply of sides.  My wife had a few enchiladas and loved them.  The atmosphere is neat and prices are good.   The only negative part is that grilled onions do a number on my bowels....let's just say the rest of the night was quite explosive.
5	I love abuelos! The new Del Rio is amazing and super delicious. The temale and taco was extremely tasty. Our waiter was very nice and provided awesome service.
5	Great service and great food. We had enchiladas and I liked that we could choose different ones.  Will definitely be going back.
3	Ok been going here for many years and it was always good based on food, service, and facility but last Saturday WHAT a change. Midday lunch not very busy was seated as usual quickly, table was a little messy, ordered our drinks they got to the table in decent time. The waiter on the other hand was slow. Almost to the point of wondering if he was okay to work. We ordered our food and I had to repeat my order as did my hubby both thinking hmmm that doesn't happen here? Before our food arrived we had devoured all of the salsa (which is very good) and asked for more upon our food arriving, well this is where they're losing a fourth star waiter never came back.... several minutes later almost at the end of our meal, he refilled my tea and I said um can we get that salsa we asked for? Without even so much as a sorry for failing to bring it out during our meal he just has a busser drop by with it. We don't speak to our waiter again he just runs by with our bill and keeps moving. Just plain inattentive service and over all the place needs updated.Sometimes the hostesses an be snotty too but they're 18-20 yo so what can you expect. Still giving 3 stars for the food.
5	I love the decor :) we ordered the matamoros and chicken fajita chimi to go. Vic provided excellent service and recommendations at the bar. I definitely want to come back!
4	This place is consistently delicious! The price is a few dollars more than some other restaurants but if you want to enjoy everything, it is worth it. I haven't tried the prime rib yet but that is on my agenda.
4	We've been coming to Abuelo's for a while. Originally from New Mexico so it's pretty hard finding an actual authentic Mexican restaurant. Surprisingly the salsa's offered as soon as you come in range from sweet to spicy which is a good thing if you like hot salsa or mild. I always order the enchiladas which never disappoint. The service here usually varies. We've had a handful of good servers but there is always an occasional bad server. She must've been having a bad day. Overall, great food and environment.
3	This place is just OK.  Chain restaurant Mexican food is a hard sell for me living in Arizona.  Chips and salsa are one of my favorite parts of going out to a Mexican place, and theirs are forgettable.  You'll get good service here and the place is fancier if that's what you are looking for, but there are dozens of local establishments in the valley that'll serve you more authentic food.  Albeit, they just might be a little more ghettoish but still can make a heck of a taco.
5	FREE endless chips and salsa appetizers.  My favorite mexican restaurant by far.
4	This place is consistently delicious & the service really great also. I have tried quite a few items off both the lunch and dinner menu but my favorite thing that I have tried up to this point are the "Stuffed Chicken Medallions." It's chicken breast stuffed with chorizo, poblano peppers and cheese and breaded then fried. Sooo not the healthiest meal but very tasty! If you are going all out, you have to get the "Papas con Chile" (creamy mashed potatoes) they are scrumptious.
4	I lived in Chandler my entire life, until three years ago. And now whenever I come back to visit family, I make sure to stop at Abuelo's. That has to be saying something considering that I can go to ANY Mexican restaurant in Phoenix, and I choose this one.The service is always spot on, the food is always good, and I cannot get enough of their Margaritas. My mom loves their Shrimp cocktail, and I do not disagree. If you want to try something delicious, and unique, I highly recommend ordering it to start. The warm chips/pita things are amazing!
5	Amazing food and service! Our waiter was constantly checking to see if he could get us anything. FOOD IS AWESOME THOUGH! I was really impressed. It isn't cheap but still not that pricey.  I thought it was worth it. The kids enjoyed the green sweet salsa. They give you chips and three kinds of salsa when you sit down. Totally recommend this one!
2	Tried Abuelo's last night with some friends. Ambience and decor are lovely.Had Grandieza frozen margarita ($5!) that was solid and refreshing! It took me 1.5 hours to polish off due to its size and brain freeze side effect.Huge fan of their green salsa! Sweet (like a hint of mango?) and mild.Ordered the beef chimichanga - not the best...I guess I assumed it would be shredded beef when it was ground! It tasted elementary and cafeteria-like. But - the papas con chili?!? Soooo tasty!A friend split the Fajitas-for-two with another friend. With their order, they received a plate of lettuce, onion, cheese. One politely asked if they could get a little more. The waiter acts like lettuce is rare and sacred and tells her "Well, lemme see what I can do". What??? Dude, make that happen - we're talking lettuce and tomato here!! SmhNo add'l fixings were provided. That's just not providing a positive customer experience, IMO.I won't be back for a full meal, but wld entertain just having their papas and a margarita at the bar.
3	I'll start by saying I'm not a fan of Mexican food.. ok, I really hate most if it to be honest. But that's not why I'm giving 3 stars. I went on a date and she has been wanting to go here for a long time, and she didn't know I don't like Mexican food because it was our first date. I can find something on any menu to eat, so it was no big deal for me really, I wanted her to be happy (awwww such a nice guy!). We arrived, waited only a few minutes and were seated.We were greeted promptly by our server, can't recall his name though but he was rather serious in demeanor. He took our drink order and promptly returned with our drinks. My date had a mango Margarita and she loved it. But then it kind of went south a little from there. When he took our food order, I told him I wanted Prime Rib. His reply was " we don't have that". Confused, I reached for the menu because I know I saw it, and it was only then he said Prime Rib was only available on Thursdays. This was a Sunday. Ok, kind of 'short' in his response/approach, but let's move on. He took our orders with less enthusiasm than I've seen on a 2 year old's face in a timeout and then he left.The food came VERY fast and my date loved hers. Mine was good. We were done for quite a while before the server returned. I asked if they had desserts. He responded by pointing at a menu tent on the table and walked away. That was nothing short of rude in my opinion. He was gone for a while but we were able to get our dessert order in and received it promptly, but then proceeded to sit there for a good 15 minutes after we were done before he came to our table with the bill. He visited the table next to us 3 times in that 15 minute period. We decided to sit and chat for a bit after that, again 1st date and it went GREAT by the way :) The server came back to our table and picked up the signed credit card receipt, just asked if it was ready. I said yes. He took it and walked away. No "thank you". No "come back again", nothing. He had his money and he was gone!Overall.. good food, decent atmosphere, greeters were friendly but this server was not. Sorry he had a bad day.. but don't drag down your customers. Customer service really seems to be going downhill in general.
5	I have eaten at Abuelos several times and I've enjoyed their food everytime. The first thing that I like about Abuelos is that it doesn't look like your typical Mexican Restaurant. I hate it when they over exaggerate the Mexican theme. Abuelos does it right with a courtyard feel ambiance. The food is amazing. They have one of the best beef fajitas I have ever tasted. They also have various flavors of enchiladas that are very good.Depending on time of day, you will experience a wait time to get a table which means there will be a wait time for your food. Don't worry, they provide chips and salsa and they are good. The food is definitely worth the wait.
5	Everything we had was great. Unexpected pineapple in salsa verde, papas, enchiladas and steak chimichanga will definitely have us going back.
3	another ok mexican restaurant...nothing specialWe ordered the big enchilada plates where you try out a few different ones...not impressedChips and salsa were good!Probably wont go again.
5	Since moving to the east valley in 2011 we haven't found a GOOD mexican restaurant...until now!  We love this place from chips & salsa through dessert.  My wife considers their tres leches cake one of the best desserts she's ever had.  Our server, Spike, recommended fabulous and reasonably priced entrees in addition to the aforementioned dessert.  No more searching for great Mexican food...it's Abuelo's for us from now on.
1	Our server was fine and the food is just ok.  The manager, Adam is an a** in my opinion.  He could use a fresh course of customer service.
4	Some of the best gourmet Mexican food in Chandler. While their chips and salsa are often middle of the road, their Shrimp wrapped in bacon is just exceptional. They offer plenty of substitutions if you don't like a particular item and their drinks are always spot on. The Grande is large enough for two people, while the Durango burrito is a sinfully delicious.
4	My girlfriend and I love to come here when I visit from California. This is my third time here and I really enjoy the atmosphere. The food is decent and the service is great if you are a fan of Americanized on the cheap side Mexican food then this is the place for you. It's our tradition to come here and I can't wait to come back.
1	In a word, "Ew!"My honey and I, in a moment of Mexican food desperation, stopped by Abuelo's because we've heard good things. People lie.The chips were thin, which I normally like, but they were so thin they couldn't support the salsa. The salsa left much to be desired. While flavorful, the taste was surprising, but in a bad way-- like when you laugh really hard  and a little bit of pee comes out.The margaritas were deceivingly generous. I filled my glass three times, but the alcohol content was very low. Were it not for the calories, I could have had five of six of them and still cleared a breathalyzer.As for the actual meal, I don't know where to begin. I have had better Mexican food frozen from a box than I was served at Abuelos. The sauce tasted heavy of preservatives and more like something you'd get from a can. The pork and the beef on both of our dishes was chewy, and too, more like something you'd get from a can. Honestly, the whole meal was just ick.The only possible redeeming aspect of the meal could have been dessert, but, alas, they don't serve your traditional Mexican desserts. Fried ice cream is not to be found anywhere on the menu. Of course, fried ice cream doesn't come in a can, so.. there ya have it.I would avoid this restaurant. If you're in the mood for Mexican and are in the area, see some of my other reviews.
4	First time visiting Abuelo's with family from the Midwest.  Food was outstanding, all dishes were good.  Go with fajitas..... Had margarita's, not really impressed with the mixed drinks.Our server was compassionate and very helpful.I will be back.
4	Went there for lunch with the kids. Everything was delicious but found the total higher than I was hoping for. I mean I've had great mexican food for quite a bit less! I guess this is a nice place for a special dinner, thus the higher price tag. Service was great - the server was helpful. The trio of salsa and chips was fresh and yummy!I got the chicken fajitas and mmmm - good stuff!
3	Meh....  It looks like a chain. Has service like a chain. It's a chain. I have missed Mexican food, since we moved away from Arizona. I knew better than to make my long awaited return, to go explore a chain restaurant, but my parents recommended Abuelo's. Nothing was bad, but everything was average. Guacamole had flavor, but texture was like it came straight out of a gallon tin can. I had the chile relleno plate.  Enjoyed the shredded beef relleno, but did not finish my plate. I will seek out family run Mexican food joints.  I think Abuelo's will primarily be popular because of 3 words: location, location, location.
1	Such a shame!!!  We have been dining at Abuelos for over 3 years now and the service and food has always been incredible.  My wife and I frequented Abuelos a few years ago for the great happy hour and incredible service by one of the bartenders i believe his name was john.  We would walk in and instantly he would have our drinks and greet us with a smile and small talk.  Unfortunately he's been gone for some time now and since leaving, the bar service is less than average.  We are very low maintenance and simple to please but for some reason it feels like we're a burden on the staff now.  Occasionally we will ask where John went and the guy that worked with him for years will shrug and say he doesn't know but his reaction is always strange.  We used to love Abuelos but now we are simply displeased with the service and the lack of friendly comfort we used to feel.  They should find john and bring him back if they want to succeed!
5	Love their chips and salsa's, sangria swirl margaritas are delicious too! Great happy hour and service!
4	It's hard for me to believe this, but finding a good Mexican restaurant in Arizona isn't as easy as I thought it would be when I moved here.   Abuelo's is one of the best places I have eaten Mexican at.   It is a little more expensive but I find it to be reasonable for the amount of food you get as well as the selection and taste.   They have a very good sized menu and offer a number of variations.
4	Very good, fancy Mexican food! Service is always been a hit or miss at this location. I love the atmosphere and food!
5	Love Abuelo's!!  Great atmosphere, delicious food, the drinks are great, and OMG the Tres Leches is amazing!!!!!
5	My girlfriend and I went out for date night here recently and really enjoyed the food and service. I have a difficult time paying high dollar for Mexican food because there is such an abundance of authentic Mexican restaurants around the valley, but this place is a bit more upscale and the drink selection is extensive. Highly recommend.
4	On my first trip to AZ family brought us to Abuelo's so I am partial because of the memory of good times. There is one in Myrtle Beach we go to when we are in that area as well. Since I was back in AZ had to go to Abuelo's and grab some lunch. Ended up there at the odd time of too late for lunch, too early for dinner so they were not very busy. Our server, wish I remembered his name, was EXCELLENT. He brought us the normal salsa, then offered the habanero salsa.... gave great recommendations on dishes to order and when decided he had great suggestions on how to "customize" them. BF had the taco and enchilada plate, beef crunchy taco and chicken enchilada with the spinach cheesy thing and the mashed potatoes. The mashed potatoes are excellent, the spinach cheesy thing excellent.. mix the two and it is beyond yum. Beef was well seasoned and chicken nice and tender. I opted for the 2 enchilada plate with one chicken one shredded beef. Server recommended the velveeta cheese on the beef which I opted for but ended up scraping off.. the flavor of the "cheese" overwhelmed the beef. The beef was nice and tender, well seasoned and the chicken was the same. I had the cilantro rice and black beans. The black beans were well seasoned and delish, I could have eaten a huuuuuuuuge bowl.
5	Great Mexican food. Variety of dishes including seafood, beef & chicken. They have a gluten free menu and you can also get gluten free chips & salsa to start (no charge). Their regular tortilla chips have wheat. What sets this place apart is their options for side dishes. They have pinto beans simmered with bacon (so good), a potato side dish with cheese (again so good), cilantro white rice, regular refried beans, etc. The kids meal is a good size too. Service is always outstanding.
5	We had a group of six family members who met at Abuelo's by Chandler Mall for lunch.  We all love Mexican food.  Abuelo's menu had a good variety of food and the menu was different than a typical Mexican restaurant.  A section on the menu was even reserved for Tex-Mex .. nummy.We started with the Guacamole dip.  That was fantastic and I would even go back just for that.  However, I did save room for the luncheon special with a single cheese and onion enchilada, beans and "papas".  I thought I was full.  However, others at the table "had" to order and share a hot "Chocolate Eruption"  which consisted of a chocolate bundt cake and ice cream.   There was no way I wanted any .... until I saw it.  It's probably the best dessert I have ever tasted.I tried to give this restaurant a 4* rating but couldn't think of anything that knocked it down from a 5* so that's what it really deserves.We will return!!!
3	Not impressed. I came here with a friend recently for dinner. They have a huge menu, and, not being familiar with their food, decided to play it safe with a chicken burro (also, it was less expensive). What I was brought at first looked akin to a huge, flat fish on a platter -took me a bit to realize it was a burrito. It was literally just a flat, super (or should I say souper) saucy burrito with a splash of lettuce on the side. It seriously lacked flavor, and wasn't worth the price. I'm sure some of the fancier things may be good, but I wouldn't eat here again unless I had to.
